Located on the first floor of the Landmark building on construction riddled Central Ave, sits Brothers.
I've used them a few times for alterations and they do a meticulous job.
I've paid between $8 and $15 depending on how expensive the clothing is apparently.
Eight bucks for some vintage Levi's and $15 for my prized Dolce and Gabanna pants.
They also sell clothing there, but it's definitely not for me.
Sort of like Soprano's meets Unique on Central.
I know, isn't that weird?
And it takes about a week, so don't be in a hurry.
But if it's convienent and you want to support the Central Ave. businesses I say  "Sistahs, git on down to Brothers' !

This is *the* place to go for men's business or business casual clothes!
Suits, shirts, ties, belts, links, whatever -- check it out.
The owner is there, and he & his staff treat each customer like somebody special.
Individualized treatment.
While they are price competitive, their emphasis is on *quality*.
When I need clothes, I go here first -- and they take care of me -- so I don't even have to go anywhere else second.

Because I am a shorty, this is my go-to place to nearly all of my pants hemmed up!
They do a great job with jeans, and will even keep the original hem (which looks good with jeans) if you want.
For getting pants hemmed a few inches they charge between $12 - $15.
I docked them a star because it takes a whole week just to get them back, which is too long to wait when I have new clothes I want to wear!

In the words of one of my friends.
"I even take my really expensive jeans there to get them hemmed.
"    I agree that they can be slow, but if you push them some they can give you a better turn around time.
The only complaint was that on my last time in there they measured up my kaki pants but did nothing with the butt... when I asked them they said yea it looks bad and then went to hem it in...
I would have liked for them to tell me in the begging that my booty was swimming in my britches.

I bought a pair of casual slacks the other day & wanted to have them taken up a little in the butt, so of course I came to Yelp for advice on selecting a tailor.
I settled on calling Brother's Tailors, & Creations & Alterations, for a price.
Brother's quoted me $10 & C&A $8, but Brother's is a mile closer for me, so I went there.
After the lady checked my fit for the alteration, I reminded her that she had quoted me $10 on the phone.
She says, "Oh, no no no no.
Dis vely special pants!
Twelf dolla!!
"  Ok, so there go 3-Stars & I haven't even given her my name yet!
Also, it's Friday morning & she wants a week to take the pants up, but I need them sooner.
We talk, & she agrees on Monday after 2.
(Excellent!
1-Star returns.
)  So Monday afternoon I returned after 2 to try on & pick up my pants.
They were ready on time, the alteration was done professionally, & I was thanked graciously for my business, so they net 3-Stars.

I've brought expensive jeans here, and mostly dress pants and a few dresses.
I haven't been disappointed with the results or service.
I would say the prices are a bit too high sometimes, but the location was convenient for me and the service is good as well.

I bought a P/U leather jacket online because it was a very unique design, but it ended up being too big for me.
It wasn't going to be worth the cost of shipping it back overseas, so I decided to get it altered----something I am used to anyway considering I probably would need a jacket in a children's size, but what sort of children's leather jacket is going to look trendy on a grown woman!?
So I tried a swanky place in Downtown Scottsdale that told me straight up the design of the jacket was too intricate to alter.
But I wasn't about to give up!
Someone referred me here, and though they also doubted that it could be done we managed to come up with a creative solution that totally worked.
The turnaround was about two weeks (1 week to find out if someone there could do it, then they measured me and it was another week to do the alterations).
The tailoring was exquisitely done and I am quite happy with the result and their ability to think outside of the box for me!
I really appreciate it!

Best suits in town.
Great prices and wonderful service.

Was looking for a new sport coat for an extended vacation.
They had a nice selection at a variety of price levels.
Needed some sleeve length changes and some work on the back.
Tailoring was reasonably priced as was the jacket.
I will be back to get a suit or two as well as use them for all my tailoring needs.
Great pricing - great service.

In my opinion this is the best place for any alterations, service is great and fast also here I found the best suits, ties, shoes and everything you need for a successful man of business, any party or any social event, but best of all... At a super price!

One of my favorite places to go when I need to look like a million dollars, every time I go in, I get taken care of, and come out looking great, the store has many styles to chose from and best prices in town, and also because its not a huge retail store, the customer service is one on one, highly recommended, but don't take my word for it, go and check it out your self, THANK YOU Brothers Tailors!!!

Best value and best customer service in town.
No doubt about it.
After looking around for suits for an upcoming summer internship, I found Brothers on Central and decided to check them out because of their suit special.
Now I'm a bigger guy and finding clothing in my size can sometimes be a challenge and almost certainly costs more money.
So I figured I would just stop by and see if there was anything they could do for me.
Upon entering, the owner greeted me at the door with a smile and asked me what he could do for me.
I was straightforward with him and told him I needed three starter suits with shirts, ties, and tailoring for around $500 out the door.
No games, no BS, he said "ok, I think we can do this" and immediately got to looking for suits that could accommodate me for my work in the Caribbean this summer.
While trying on pants and jackets he asked me about my life as a student and seemed genuinely concerned about setting me up properly for my internship with the US government.
In short, he seemed to care enough to make sure I could get set up without spending all of my money on clothing.
After some measuring he did have to leave (and felt bad for doing so), but he did explain the deal to his top seamstress and told her to take care of me.
Indeed she did.
She took measurements, gave me advice, helped me pick ties, and kept true to his word.
In the end, three suits with shirts and ties, with custom tailoring, for around what I asked to me out the door.
I am not surprised this place has won awards for their service and I am so grateful that they were around to help get me going with new suits.
P.S.
The suits I bought were not the highest end materials obviously, but for what I was looking for, they will be just fine.
Also, while I was there he did quote a man a very reasonable price for a fully custom suit with better material.
This guy is an expert and an honest seller.
At times like this, I prefer to buy local and Brothers makes it easy to do.
I am very happy with my experience with them.
...and yes, I've got my new suit guy.

I initially went to one of Brother's competitors ( a nationwide brand)--  first I BARELY was going to get two suits with alteration for my $600 budget.
When the order came in it was wrong.
At that point, I cancelled that order and went to Brothers.
Owner Minas Zistaris treated me like a ROCK STAR.
The personal attention was second to none.
Then, Minas hooked me up with FOUR suits, THREE shirts, and alteration all within my $600 budget.
On top of that-  Minas promised to have my alterations done by 4 PM today-- I just bought the suits yesterday night--INCREDIBLE EXPERIENCE, AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE, QUALITY PRODUCT, AND LOCALLY OWNED!!!
If I could give six stars, I would!!!

My new favorite place to get a suit and alterations.
Minas (the owner) knows what he is doing!
I went in on Wednesday night just before closing and was fitted for 3 suits.
Despite closing time, Minas took me in and took as much time as was needed; staying late to help me select some suits and pin it for alterations.
Moreover, upon presenting him with a challenging set of alteration needs (as most pants do not fit me in the leg and thigh area), Minas told me not to worry as he could re-structure the pants to give me more room and no one would notice.
Further he promised he could rush the job so that I could have my suits in time for the next work week.
Delivering on his promise, everything was perfect and the alterations were on the spot.
If you need a great looking suit, priced right and altered to perfection, Brothers Tailors and Clothing is the place!

My boyfriend needed a suit for a function at the Biltmore and we asked around for a good place to go.
Several friends of ours recommended Brothers Tailors!
I am so glad we went there.
We spent maybe 30 minutes in the store.
During that time we were taken care of and out the door with everything we needed at a great price!
This is how everyone should run their business.
Everyone in there took the time to make sure we were getting great service.
We weren't pushed into buying anything we didn't wanted but he also offered us things we didn't even think about.
Shirt, shoes, tie.
Brothers Tailors is the only place I will send any of my friends from now on.

Great customer service.
Not pushy at all like men's warehouse.
Brought my suit here to get tailored and they helped me out picking some shirts and ties that I was looking for but wasn't in a rush to purchase.
They showed me what I was looking for and still gave me the same service, even though I wasn't looking to purchase anything at the moment.

I have to get all of my dress shirts tailored, and I've been taking them to Brothers Tailors since 2001.
In that time, they've tailored everything for me from jeans to shirts to suits.
Their tailoring is top-notch.
I think of a good tailor the way I think of a good barber - you really need to be able to trust him/her, and through-and-through Brothers has earned my trust.
Nice folks and reasonable prices, too.

I have to get all of my dress shirts tailored, and I've been taking them to Brothers Tailors since 2001.
In that time, they've tailored everything for me from jeans to shirts to suits.
Their tailoring is top-notch.
I think of a good tailor the way I think of a good barber - you really need to be able to trust him/her, and through-and-through Brothers has earned my trust.
Nice folks and reasonable prices, too.

How have I not gotten around to reviewing this place?!?
I don't have an off-the-rack body.
My upper body is lanky and my thighs are huge.
It's been a few months since I came here for their three suit special.
The selection was fair and I really like the slimmer cuts they carried.
I opted to have the slacks tailored at Brothers, plus purchased two belts.
I look and feel like a million dollars wearing these suits--execs at work have complimented me on looking sharp, and the homeless think I have cash to spare.
The customer service was just fantastic!
I never felt pressured to purchase anything,    However, it should be mentioned these aren't top-of-the line garments.
I'm a beast on buttons and have had to stitch a couple buttons back on the jackets.
That said, I cannot praise Brothers Tailors and Clothing Company enough.

