Not the cheapest, but perhaps the best.
By the time I was hooked on this place, I saw on the back of their business cards, something like "Jesus prefers lightly starched" or something religious.
Which, for me, I have to say is a turn off.
Just like the bottom of the soda cups at In N Out.
However, that said, I have an open mind and enjoy the professional, friendly and family owned Bell Cleaners.
They do everything right.
One time they found a few bucks in a pocket and it was in a sealed envelope when I picked up my dry cleaning.
I've had rugs and even outdoor patio curtains cleaned here.
Parking is readily available.
Religious beliefs or non beliefs aside, this is about yelping for the good guys.
And Bell Cleaners fit the bill.
Oh, yea, and of course I'll still be going to In N out....I'm hooked man, like totally chasing the fast food dragon, hooked!

RING THE BELL!!
This place got out the world's LARGEST red wine stain on my IVORY Vera Wang bridesmaid dress.
It was an embaressing night to have to walk around looking like a stain all night but Bell saved the dress, not my dignity.
*** I am also taking my wedding gown here to get cleaned.
That is how much I trust this place.
Now I just have to remember where I put it.... hmmmm.

I have been going to Bell Drapery and Cleaners for a few years now and they are the best!
I usually wait until I have quite a few clothing items to be cleaned and they can get it done within a few days.
I have dropped off things in the past that needed to be ready by the next day and they have always obliged.
Also, since I usually always drop off a large load of clothes to be drycleaned...when I pick them up they always help me out to my car.
They always do a great job and I trust them with all my clothes!

I've been taking my clothes to this family-owned shop for better part of 15 years.
They're very conscientious about taking good care of your clothes and they have always been responsive to my requests.
For example, I don't like when my stuff smells like the dry cleaning chemicals, so they make sure things get aired out before zipping them into my handy dandy green re-usable garment bags (which they also provide at no cost).
I also appreciate that they work very hard to keep up with technology and stay ahead of environmental issues.
Their on-site alterations service is pretty good, as well.
And, they get bonus points for remembering their customers' names.
They aren't cheap but you get what you pay for - and with Bell that includes quality and good customer service.

I've been driving across town to patronize the good folks at Bell for over 6 years now, and I have never had a reason to doubt my loyalty.
Sure, we've had our issues, as with all cleaners, but they've always been fair and quick to make it right.
I used to think they were more expensive, but after a little bit of research, I discovered that they're not.
I think the essence of a quality business relationship with a dry cleaner / laundry is trust.
And I absolutely trust the people at Bell.

I live at the Alta Phoenix Lofts and Bell has a convenience/VIP service with the apartment complex.
I've had an excellent experience with Matt at Bell.
He came to my apartment to meet me and introduce himself.
Who does that anymore?
Seriously.
He has great energy.
They've done a nice job with my clothing.
I have been more than pleased.
The best part of all, coming from Seattle, I had expected it to be twice as much.
It is really affordable!
Its a place like this that makes me think I am lazy and I should dry-clean just about everything.

I heard about this place from yelp and have been coming here since.
Super nice people that take good care of your clothes.
Prices are reasonable and the turn around time on dry cleaning is super quick (1-2 days depending on what time you drop it off).
They were involved with two episodes of Home Makeover which is pretty awesome.
Closed on Sundays -- also understandable I guess ;)

Imagine a white silk wedding dress.... black!
Well, that may be a bit dramatic but it was pretty bad.
More than 1.5 years after my wedding I took my dress in to Bell.
They kept my dress for a couple weeks, called me when it was ready and I was so excited to see it almost new.
They did a fantastic job and were careful not to over treat the lace and silk with chemicals.
They made me feel like they really cared.
The business is family owned and the man at the front is so nice to work with.
And, the pricing was extremely fair.
I paid $89 which was much more reasonable than other places I checked.
I highly recommend Bell Cleaners.

Update,  Yeah they grew on me & they do a heck of a job on my Affliction shirts.
As a Bail-bondsman I have to look hard core... they help me do it with a fresh & clean style.
Yeah Buddy.

This is a super friendly and great dry cleaners.
Everyone is super nice and it is very decently priced :)

Being the stylish interior decorator I am, haha, I made the foolish decision of painting my wall in Rock & Republics.
The wonderful people at Bell Drapery were able to clean the "outrageous orange" from my jeans for $5.75.
Ohsohappy!

I'm astonished that Bell Cleaners has survived the recent Recession let alone the last 30 years.
The pickup and drop-off experience, which they tout in the About narrative on their web site, is non-existent, and was only memorable due to incompetence.
Today I waited 15 minutes, in the dark, while the only attendant on site searched aimlessly for my order, stopping five times to check her incoming text messages no less.
Once she finally located my 11 shirts and 2 pair of khakis, she offered no apology or explanation and simply stuck her hand out, in silence, in what I deduced was a request for payment.
What's worse is that they wanted nearly $15 for two pair of basic khakis.
When I asked about the high price the attendant looked downward and mouthed something incoherent, again sticking her hand out.
I will say that $22.55 for 11 shirts is reasonable, but not so great a deal that I won't go elsewhere.
If you have money (and time) to burn on martinizing, be my guest.

They do the best shirt in town.
They do superb work here.

They're expensive.
But they have very good customer service and if they screw up, which only happened once to me...my pants came back unpressed, they fix it.
Comparatively, this is one of the better dry cleaners in the cenpho area.

They have the best customer service that I have ever experience.
They had my items ready before I walked in and carried everything to my car.
I will be taking all my dry cleaning to Bell from now on.

We have used this cleaner for several years and have always been happy with how our clothes turn out.
Great pride and care are taken and it is evident.
Service is top notch and the turnaround is very quick.
They also do alterations, and I can say the same about that as I have above about the dry cleaning.

Wow REALLY EXPENSIVE.
Not going back, there's no way I could afford it if I doubled my salary.
Used to paying between $20-$30 and I left paying $97 after taking two 3 suits and a few of my girlfriends blouses.
With that being said they did do a great job on fixing a hole in my pants.

I have to add this update I feel it is worth mentioning.
I took my favorite sweater to have it cleaned & when I picked it up all of the beautiful beads were GONE!
I actually got all the way out to my car & just happened to look down & noticed it.
How could they not notice this???
I took it back in & needless to say I was not happy at all, it was explained to me that the beads had melted in the cleaning process & that they would pay for it.
I filled out a form & they had a check for me the very next day.
Sadly, I was not able to replace my favorite sweater, but at least they gave me money to get a comparable replacement, so they get an extra star for that.

Finally, a quality dry cleaner  After trying a good majority of the dry cleaners in the Avondale-Goodyear area to major disappointment, my wife turned to Bell about a year ago.
Now, instead of getting dress shirts back that look like they were used as work therapy for drunk monkeys, Bell sends back crisp shirts.
And they even understand the term "light" starch!
My wife goes out of her way to take our stuff to Bell.
She has a soft sport for the gentleman who owns the shop-- on rare occasion there is a flaw (I'm picky), he graciously apologizes and makes takes care of it.
And when she was pregnant, he would insist on carrying everything out to her car for her.
No more cardboard-ish apparel for me, buddy!
I can now walk freely and not have people think I'm mimicking Robocop.
They have solid and appreciative customers in us...

I used Bell last week for a quick press job for a dry clean only dress for a wedding I was in.
I called first to get a quote and every person I talked to both on the phone and in person were very nice and friendly.
Great to work with!

This is the best dry cleaner I have found.
They do a great job and have a very convenient pick up service.
Their representatives are always professional and courteous.
I would recommend them to anyone.

Way, way too expensive.
They tried to charge over $200 for my wedding dress and when I took it down the road to Organicare, they did it PERFECTLY for $49.
They took into account what the dress was actually like, rather than blanket charging for "wedding".
I like honesty and integrity.
Bell Drapery cleans well, but it is just too expensive.
They overcharge also for simple items, shirts etc.
Organicare is far better and far friendlier and far cheaper.

ASK QUESTIONS!!
We had a flood in our home and sent our drapes out to be cleaned.
I should have asked if they could clean them, I should have asked if they would come back in the same basic way they left, I should have asked if they would press them.
They came back with a large, long water stain on one side of the drapes, they came back 4" shorter, they came back with stains on the valance, they came back not even pressed.
When my husband talked to the guy that was putting them back up the delivery/installer guy said that they sometimes can't get the water damage out, and that there is an expected 1 to 2 percent shrinkage, and they just look unpressed because the hardware that is holding them up is faltered.
I cannot believe this.
He also said "that's why you have insurance, to just get new ones", but they were right there to take our money (insurance money) to do this bad job.
I guess, since I've never had drapes done before I just expected it to be like clothes, you take them in, they clean them and you get them back cleaned and just like before.
So, just ask a lot of questions before cleaning you drapes.

Really great dry cleaning company!
I've had a couple things dry cleaned here, specifically with stains, and each time it was returned perfectly clean!
Really great staff as well.
I highly recommend this place!

