* Pizza is outstanding.
* Garlic Cheese Breadsticks are incredible.
* Wings are above average.
* Owner really takes care of his customers.
* Fast delivery, and NO DELIVERY CHARGE like most places.
* Only negative is they close very early some nights.
Overall, great place, excellent food, fair prices.
I'm hooked.

A nice and thin pizza with a lot of taste.
The lunch special is a great price for 2 large pieces of pizza and a drink.

TJ's is located right down the street from me and they have been my go to place for quite some time.
Their pizza is always cooked just right and their wings are very good.
I mean you can choose from a few different sauces however I always go for the hot or suicide (and yes its spicy but I like spicy) Plus their large cheese pizza and 24 wings for $20.65 is not to shabby either.
(additional toppings are $1.65 each) They also have an everyday lunch special til for for 2 slices of pizza and a medium drink for $4.25.
Not to bad if I say so myself.
So some people will like this place (Like me!
) and others may not but until you try it for yourself you will never know.

Went to TJ's tonight and got a couple large pizzas.
Food was good, a lot better than your typical Dominos or Little Caesars.
Guy was nice, took the order, got it right.
Nothing really beyond that.
We got some coffees from the gas station next door while we waited, that was nice.
I might go here again simply because I like to shop local, but all in all I would have to say it was just okay.
Maybe I'll give the wings a shot next time...

This is easily one of the best local pizza places in Phoenix.
Great staff, quick service, and quality food.
Awesome menu with great prices.
Coming from Boston its hard to find good pizza here in Phoenix, but knowing that you can go to a local-non chain pizza place with good food that is close by is perfect.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

Really good pizza great garlic bread

I used to eat TJs Hawaiian pizza and Greek salad all the time a few years ago when I lived on this side of down, and now living back here I tried it and it was just as amazing as I had remembered!
The pizza is perfect... not too much bread, toppings are just right, sauce is a little sweet and seriously, it is amazing.
They even told me since I do not like a lot of bread, they could make me a thin crust if I requested it.
How cool is that?!
Thanks TJs!
You rock!

Small, unassuming place, located right next to a gas station, nothing fancy, no frills but some of the absolute best pizza you'll find in the Phoenix area.
Their garlic cheese bread is amazing and the pizza is always primo delicious.
This place is right off the 101 and 56th Street, they do deliver, offer friendly service and pretty good prices as well.
All in all its beats the pants off some of the more higher-priced and overly pretentious pizza joints in the area, give them a shot!

This is my go-to place for delivery pizza.
Is it better than Pizzeria Bianco, Gratzie, or Grimaldis?
Probably not, hence my four (instead of five) star review.
But for a quality pizza delivered reliably to your door for less than $20, this place can't be beat.
I think their pizzas are far better than any of the chains, they're priced competitively, and it's always good to support the local guy.
I've ordered dozens of pizzas from them, and they have yet to muck one up.
In fact, I think I'll order one for delivery right now....

I ordered delivery based on positive yelp reviews and was wildly disappointed.
Worse than school cafeteria pizza.
Flaccid crust.
Nasty ketchup-esque sauce.
Just abysmal.
I assume the wings are amazing, because the pizza is among the worst I've ever had.

I just ordered Large cheese pizza and wings.
the pizza it pretty good but the wings are Awesome.
Can't wait for the next time I eats those wings!
fast delivery,

I drive by this place every week and it's been here forever, so it must be good, right?
But NO, it was pretty awful.
Only one person was in there eating, but the server / hostess must have fallen asleep in the back room.
We stood at the counter for about 5-10 minutes before having to yell into the kitchen to get someone's attention.
We both ordered the lunch special: two slices of thin crust pizza and a drink for a bargain price.
When the pizza came, it was so soggy, I couldn't pick it up, so had to use a knife and fork to eat it.
That's disappointing because one of my favorite ways to eat thin crust pizza is folding it down the center, you know, like a New Yorker, LOL.
Given the tough economic times, with so many restaurants closing, I don't know how this place has lasted so long.

Damn nasty wings.
Low quality meat, hard to chew, impossible to swallow.
I had to throw out the wings and find something else for dinner.

The owners of this place are great!
They are always here and they care about fast service and good food.

One of my fave pizza places.
Always great service and cant beat the price.
Been coming here for over ten years.

Don't know how this place is still in business.
The dough is decent but the cheese and sauce is horrible.
The boneless wings are very horrible also.
The bone in wings are good.
Drinks are 1.70$ with .50 cent refills.
But the gas station 20 steps away has 44oz drinks for 81 cents.
You choose.

I love this place so much we order it every Friday night.
I love the Pizza, the Steak Bomb and Italian Subs are the best.
This place is a must especially for the price.

The pizza is good, the wings are okay, the SERVICE IS THE WORST.
I witnessed the blonde Russian woman, who is the owner together with her husband, tell people "dont ever come here again!
We dont need your business!
"    Unbelievable that this company remains in business.
No service business should allow anyone, not even the owners wife, speak to customers in this manner.
The blonde woman will also charge you more than the other employees, including her husband/owner.
Make sure you know what the charge will be before picking up because the blonde woman will OVERCHARGE you and be rude to you!
From reading other posts/reviews below and on other sites, its clear that I am not the only one to witness BAD SERVICE from TJs pizza.
Apparently, many customers get bad service from this place, which explains why one reviewer - Susan on May 7, 2011, wrote: "it was pretty aweful, only one person was there eating;" and Turtle on June 7, 2012, wrote: "don't know how this place is still in business.
"  So, if you want good pizza, and you dont mind being OVER CHARGED and having ANGRY BAD SERVICE, then this is the place for you.

Pizza is good.
Amazing Garlic Bread,  Little pricey.
Nice spot within walking distance from my pad.
Plan on going here again.

I have had the pizza at TJ's a few times in the last few years and always thought the pizza was tasty.
Had it again last night and, yep, still very tasty.
Very cheesy, thin crust (not soggy!
), foldable yummy slices.
Also had the garlic cheese bread.
To die for.
And the biggest surprise... their Greek salad.
My friend ordered it and I wasn't excited about trying it.
Most pizza joints don't have very good salad.
But this was amazing.
Very fresh Romaine, tomatoes, cucumbers, lots of feta, and olives drenched in delicious tangy Greek dressing.
Yum.
Owners are great.
Very friendly family run place.

Nothing revolutionary going on over at TJ's but the pizza has been better than decent both times I've tried it.
Price is reasonable.
The boneless wings, while still being edible, were practically swimming in sauce in the to-go container.
I was a fan of the house sauce however.
Both times I have ordered the pizza has been that perfect doughy goodness for picking up, folding in half, and stuffing in face.
For the people complaining about paying 50 cents for refills, I would say get over it.
It is a small non chain family run business that is a nice alternative to the pizza huts of the world.
Takeaway: Non chain pizza for a good price that tastes great.

This place is awesome.
There is something for everyone.
A little small, good pizza.
New York style pizza.
Video game, tv.. Good place for singles, families, kids.
Great prices.
:) Be sure to check out the lunch specials.

Good NY style pizza!
Lunch specials is a good price, too.

Great food!

Probably my favorite place to order pizza and wings from in the area.
My brother and I always order the daily special large pizza with 24 wings and add pepperoni.
The pizza here is delicious, I am not going to lie it is a little greasy but come on people were eating pizza~!
Wings are always scrumscious and crispy :)

This is the best NYC pizza you can get in phoenix that's for sure!
I actually just moved from Manhattan, and this place is better than some places I have been in NYC itself.
And the wings are great as well!
It is not a place to take a date, but perfect place to dine out or have delivered!
5 starts for sure!

I LOVE this place.
The staff is always super friendly and helpful.
They go out of their way to go above and beyond.
Their pizza is AMAZING, and I am addicted to their greek salads.
I work at a Marriott hotel and anytime a guest wants pizza I send them here.
I have even received good comment cards where I work, just for referring them to TJ's.
All in all, this place is a WIN.
Everyone that works there really loves and cares about their customers.
I will always be back :) thanks guys!

The best thing TJs can do for their business and customers is to accept the fact that their owner should not be dealing with their customers; by phone, in person or any other way.
The owner clearly has defined a decent business model, or they wouldn't be in business.
But TJs customers should be left smitten by the amazing flavor and consistency of their food, unaware of the owner's condescending and unprofessional demeanor.
I've been ordering from here for a while and love the consistent quality of their pizza and service.
However, after several delicious NYC pizzas, I was disappointed when our pizza arrived cold and soggy this evening.
Knowing this was not the norm for them, I called to let them know.
While I was content talking to anyone, the owner insisted on taking the call.
Which seemed like a good customer-service model ... until he spoke.
He was unprofessional and unsettlingly condescending.
I was shocked and intent on finding a new pizza place.
However, when a freshly made pizza arrived, the delivery guy, Jason, reminded me why I love TJs.
He, and the management at TJs are consistently friendly; focused on quality and customer service.
Despite the top-down, arrogant influence of the owner, the staff continues to make things right for the customers by providing excellent, friendly customer service, and delicious pizza (even if it took a second try this one time.
)  The friendly management and delivery personnel should continue to be upfront-and -center.
The owner should get our of their way and take a back seat; letting his staff do the great things he hired them to do.

Kimberly D could not be more right about the attitude of the person who takes phone orders.
I'm not sure it's the owner but he sounds like the same rude, condescending prick every time I order.
I've walked in to order as well and the service is usually awesome when I order in person.
TJs food is always delicious whether picked up or delivered but I always second guess ordering from them if I plan to call it in for pickup or delivery.
I'm aware customer service is a dying art but come on... No one deserves that kind of rude attitude.
Keep driving away customers TJs.
Don't be surprised if the calls stop coming in.

Barro's on Indian Bend is my usual family Friday night pizza & wings stop but was looking for something different tonight, but in the same price range.
A google search for "best pizza & wings in Scottsdale" lead me to TJ's Pizza & Wings.
I'm a NYC pizza fan and that's what the reviews praised here.
My son and I got there and ordered with the intention of eating our 16" large pizza and 24 wings (for $23.95) there but after sitting down and feeling how slippery the floor was, we decided to get it to go.
The slippery (greasy?
) floor freaked us out a little, plus there was a good college football game we were missing on a much bigger TV at home.
The guys at the counter were very friendly, wait time was minimal and we picked up drinks at Circle K next door.
Another nice convenience was the Redbox machine right outside TJ's front door.
Pizza didn't look as good as I expected it to look after reading all the great reviews but my first bite removed that hint of doubt I had.
Great thin crust, cheesy, foldable and a little greasy... Just the way I love it!
The other reviews I read about the wings had me pretty anxious to try them out too.
I'm a deep fried crispy wing fanatic and that's exactly how they cooked them.
Even after the 5 minute ride home, they were still crispy and drenched in hot sauce, like they should be.
Each wing was meaty and decent sized, not like the miniatures I got at Buffalo Wild Wings last weekend (and I love that place).
I would have given TJ's 5 stars if the slices were bigger (large is 16" and as big as they make) and the slippery floor in the dining area didn't freak us out so much!
I will definitely be going back for take out.
Another nice incentive is that you can save the cutout coupons on the pizza box for a free 16" pizza for every 15 coupons.
Thumbs up!

Was excited to try this place but giving a bad review because thwy wouldn't deliver 1 block outside their delivery radius.

I went there on a Friday night.
The floors were greasy and dirty, not only in the kitchen but the dinning area as well.
The customer service wasn't that great.
The same guy making my food was taking my money??
The quality of the food was great.
However, I ordered a Calzone with pepperoni and mushrooms.
When I got home I discovered a Calzone with some other ingredients in it!
They gave me someone else's food.
It's not in my plans to go back any time soon, but who knows!

Called 8 pm on a Saturday, was told in an annoying voice they were not open.
Hours stated on the website indicate they should be open until 11pm.

We eat here a lot.
Love it!!!
They are always friendly and know what we want before we order.

Fantastic philly cheese steaks.
Pizza is not great but does the trick.
Wings are solid.
This place is good but with some new local places like Isa's moving in close by they better step up their pizza game!
I will be back for the cheesesteaks for sure.

This is our go to Friday night Pizza , we usually do delivery but an occasional pick up if they are slammed the pizza is always consistently  hot & fresh with the perfect crunch to the crust & lots of Cheese !!!!
Avg time for delivery is about 45 min to 1 hr on Friday nights.
The one really cool thing I love is the have a rewards program where if you save 15 box tops from the pizza you get a Lg cheese pizza Free :) who can beat that ?
So if looking for a good New York style pizza these is a great place to try :)

Visiting from Las Vegas and a friend brought me here,  absolutely yummy!
Great service and great pizza at really great prices!
We got 2 huge slices of pizza and a soda for under $5.50.
Can't wait for my next visit so I can try the wings!

