This place is a pretty mediocre restaurant for vegetarians who don't drink.
The only reason I've been back a couple times is because my fella likes their pizza... they also serve massive baked-potatoes.
Last night they wouldn't serve me a Gardenburger because there is spinach in it.
I understand that they are looking out for our best interests (so I don't get sick and so they don't get sued) but since it isn't FRESH spinach it seemed a little excessive.
The FDA lifted the ban, get over it and gimme my sammich!

BJ's is a very consistent restaurant.
I have been them all over the West Coast and they all taste great.
It is a great place for beer lover's because they brew their own brew, that's actually pretty good unlike some brewery's.
For the underage or non-beer drinkers they also have draft root beer which is absolutely amazing.
There specializes are massive potatoes and pizza.
To be honest the pizza is good but not great.
It is suppose to be Chicago style deep dish but comes up short for true Chi-town pizza lovers.
The potatoes, which are there own meals, are unlike anything I've ever had.
They are very filling and very good.
My favorite is the Blackened Chicken which comes with a potatoes, spiced chicken, cheese, red peppers, and Alfredo sauce to dip your bites in.
Also the sandwiches are great.
The French Dip and BBQ Beef is highly recommended.
If you have room for dessert, the freshly made cookie and ice cream called poozkie is great.
A little secret is about BJ's is that all of the lunch specials that are said to be over at 4, are always available if you ask.
The best is the half potato and soup/salad.
I recommend the calm chowder, it is a hefty portion that can be a meal in itself.

When I was first brought to BJ's with a friend I was a little skeptical of the huge menu and the fact that it wasn't busy, but I was pleasantly surprised by their deep dish pizza which still keeps me coming back.
Nowadays there is always a wait for this hot spot at Desert Ridge.
Although BJ's does do a good pizza nothing about the restaurant or service really stands out to me.
The service has always been hit or miss in my experience, and the huge menu can actually be a little daunting.
One time while feeling like a healthier option I tried the other famous item on the menu the big baked potato.
The potato was extremely dry and lacking in advertised size, so I left hungry and disappointed.
Although average, I would recommend BJ's for dates and group gatherings as it is an open atmosphere with a menu that can please just about any one.
Also if you have room after dinner try the pizookie!
They have mastered this favorite dessert of mine, and it is offered in four different flavors.

Solid experience from a typical brewery.
I have been to BJ's several times now, usually after eating somewhere else in the Desert Ridge area.
The typical visit usually includes drinking their blonde concoction, and watching sportscenter.
The food i have eaten there was really good, including a chicken pasta meal that is one of the best i have ever had.
Its 3/4 restaurant, 1/4 bar with tall ceilings and no smoking.
Other than good food and drink there is not much else that separates BJs from other breweries, but thats ok. You will find a mix of adults and families before 10, with mostly adults in the bar after 10.
Not much on the singles scene, so bring a crew with you!

It's basically no different from any chain brewery place but there are two things I love about BJ's (and stop thinking dirty thoughts now about the name!).
I love the pizza.
I am a deep dish pizza girl.
None of this folded crust, NY style nonsense here.
I want a pizza with a crust, a knife and forker.
Husband and I are on the same page, we have our favorite's but BJ's is up there.
They cover the pizza with fresh toppings (no canned mushrooms here) and chunks of tomatoes.
It's yummy.
I love the Pizookie.
I know you can get Pizookies at Oregano's and I love them there too.
Our one hiccup here has been service.
It's friendly but slow.
Don't come here for a quick meal.
Tons of TV's in here and a big bar also mean that it can also be a good place to watch a game.

There are quite a few things that are great about BJ's Brewery.
First off, their beer offerings are better than average and very consistent, no matter which BJ's you go to.
They fall short of the beer offerings from such brew houses as Four Peaks and Sonora Brew Pub (then again what beers come close to being as good), but they are solid offerings nonetheless.
I highly recommend the Pale Ale and the Stout.
Secondly, they have a great happy hour.
$1 off beers, $2 off all appetizers, and half off mini pizzas.
The mini pizzas are very good, and they have a wide range of great appetizers, all of which are quite tasty.
And for those of you with a sweet tooth, they have a pizookie that is to die for.
The regular menu items are divers and very good.
I used to go to the Chandler location a couple times a week and have had most items on the menu, all of which left me very satisfied.
The restaurants is large in size, with a nice bar area and large screen TVs you can see from pretty much anywhere you sit.
They are also very family friendly, and can get quite crowded, especially on the weekends.
Despite the place being packed, and our server being the only one in the bar area, service was very good and very friendly.
They also have a take-out option (similar to what Chili's does), and I saw quite a few people while I was here take advantage of this service.

Average, average, average.
Had a few beers and tried several others.
All were fine but seemed watered down a bit.
Had a few apps and they were standard issue.
Meh.
I'd rather go here than an Olive Garden, I guess that's the best way to sum up how I feel about this place.

I like their deep dish pizzas a lot!
The freshly chopped cilantro on top of the bbq chicken pizza is amazing.
I love cilantro on anything!
The best part is on happy hour the mini pizzas are half off.
Also for a place that does pizza mostly their chicken wings are darn good as well.
If you like deep dish pizzas this is one good place to get one.
They are on the pricey side of pizzas so don't expect pizza hut 5 dolla specials here.
Again the best time is to get one on happy hour!

I have only been here a couple times but the food was really good every time.
I have had the pizza and a couple of the sandwiches.
All delectable!

Gigantic potatoes served here!
Nit Wit is one of their best beers - basically a clone of Hoegaarden Belgian witbier.
I can't recommend this enough.
Overall, house brews are notably above average as far as chain brewpubs go, and BJ's provides guest taps in case you're not fond of the homemade stuff (I often see Anchor products, Rogue, or an import draft).
Don't just come here for pizza.
The lunch combo of half potato and salad is quite a deal, and if you're a big eater then I dare you to eat an entire potato.
I like their arrabiata sauce for some of the pastas - red pepper spicy with a touch of cream in the base.
Calzones are great for texture and fresh dough flavors.
The cilatro-pesto appetizer thin crust pizza is rich and highly recommended if you're into pesto.
Great corporate model for service.
Hostesses know their job.
Servers are prompt and polite, and smile even if they're having a bad day (unlike at most mom 'n pop places).

The wife and I had our Friday night dinner here recently.
We are not a stranger to here, with this probably being our 5th visit or so...
The wife was having a hankering for their Berry Burst Cider...  For me, BJ's is probably to a 3.5 than an 'a-ok' 3 star...it's just there isn't anything terrible memorable about this place for me.
I mean, on the car ride over, I was trying to figure out what I like there, but couldn't figure it out.
I think it's that BJ's makes a lot of things that are good...but nothing that is particularly memorable to me.
I can't recall ever having a bad meal there, yet I can't recall having a great meal.
The service was good, friendly and fast.
We were lucky to get there early enough to not have to wait to be seated, which was good since they filled up pretty fast.
I had a french dip sandwich with fries.
Standard french dip, though I must say that the horseradish cream sauce had a decent bite that I liked.
As noted above, 3.5 stars, rounded down to 3 stars.
I wonder if the real thing that will hook me on this place is the pizookie, which I've never had...  (Oh yeah, I didn't like that happy hour was only in the bar, which it would have been the whole restaurant...at least it is decently sized (3 - 7pm).

My five-star rating is just for the deep dish pizza and its croissant-like crust.
It is delectable!
As a former Chicagoan, I claim some expertise in deep dish pizza (eating, not making), and I've got to say that B.J.
's makes the best.
I've never had any crust like that.
Ever.
I haven't had much else at B.J.
's  The multicolored chips and salsa was very good.
Didn't care much for the thin crust pizza appetizer.
The Pazooki (huge hot cookie served in a pie plate with ice cream on top) is yummy, but the last one I had, it was uncooked in the center.
However, you get a free one if you tell them it's your birthday!
THE best BJ's is in Laguna Beach.
Order one in the restaurant, and go sit on the boardwalk at Main Beach.
Just something about that sand blowing on there!

I suppose my score would teeter in the gray area of a 3.5.
This place has it's great points: good, brewed beer; incredible deep-dish pizzas loaded with toppings; and, from what I saw, attractive wait staff (always a bonus).
My short-comings list would be: the Applebee's-esque environment; and horrible placement/identifying of the facilities.
Those don't seem major, but when you need to go number 1 between well-crafted home brews, you don't need to make laps around the place.
Especially weaving your way around the islands of high schoolers who are enamored to be there.
Also, given that this place attempts to combine the sports bar with a family place to dine, it clashes too loudly and, on a packed-out night, I could see this place being overkill.
I know this might be coming off harsh because they do have some magic working for them.
Their pizzas are bomb.
In this new age of pizzas with thinner crusts, these pies kick it old school with their Chicago style crusts.
Complimented by their over-abundance of toppings, these pizzas rock.
That is all I can say for their amazingness.
You will have to try the pizza for yourself.
As far as brew goes, with me being a beer snob, this was a good brew.
I ordered the Kolsch and my broseph selected the Porter.
Both had a good consistency and overall taste.
The Kolsch was a little reminiscent of Four Peaks kolsch, perhaps with less vanilla.
It had a some characteristics of a red ale to it.
Overall,  I feel like they can put out some good beers.
So looking back over this, I will bump up my teetering score to 3.75.
You will just have to experience it for yourself.

The main reason for the four stars is for their Angus Roast Beef Dip -- it is delicious!
It is up there on my list of favorite French Dips.
The meat is super tender and juicy, and the horseradish spread really compliments the sandwich.
Plus, it is a great condiment to dip your french fries in.
The portions are huge -- my sister ordered the Sesame Chicken Salad and she barely ate half of it.
I, of course, devoured my sandwich.
They have a huge menu, with a lot to choose from.
They seem to be known for their pizzas, which look really yummy too.
The atmosphere is similar to most sports bars, although I'd say this place is more of a "high-end" sports bar with chandeliers and mood lighting instead of ripped vinyl and dirty blinds.
There is a massive flat screen TV.
above the bar, and little ones interspersed throughout the restaurant.
The wait can be a bit long on Friday nights and weekends, but you can call ahead to get your name on the wait list.
And, they are nice enough to offer you some small pizza bites while you wait.
Overall, BJ's is your standard chain restaurant/sports bar, but with a few extra niceties to make it stand out above the rest.
I'll be back for sure, and maybe next time I'll venture outside my love-for-the-french-dip and try some of their other goodies.

Vacation time spent by a trip to see the family is generally rife with compromises.
After failing to produce an agreement on anything we all really wanted, we ended up at the somewhat unfortunately named BJ's Brewhouse.
I half expected to see gaggles of teenage boys and tweenage girls (of roughly the same maturity level) stifling giggles about what "BJ" might stand for, but did not.
The other half expected the food to be disappointing and for me to be already longing for some good Szechuan before I'd been in Arizona 2 hours, and pleasantly did not experience that either.
Standard chain decor, standard chain service, standard ratio of operational to non-operational men's room stalls (non-zero.
)  We opted for the stealth $20 email special of a shared medium pizza (any specialty or number of toppings), a shared "pizookie" dessert and individual soup or salad which I would strongly recommend since normally a specialty pizza itself is $20.
The starter?
Minestrone with a bit of cheese.
Italian.
Adequate.
Unremarkable.
The pizza?
A paradoxically Chicago-style Southwestern, like a chain boutique version of Pizza Hut.
Solid crust, great by Seattle standards (low.
) The dessert?
A very thin (Peanut Butter, among the 5+ varieties) cookie in a pancake-sized tin topped with vanilla ice cream.
I was more preoccupied with whether Madame K's Pizza Brothel, er, Bistro in Seattle copied the Screaming Orgasm from them or vice-versa (and thinking they would have been better off to copy BJ's pizza) than the experience of the sweet cookie.
The verdict?
For optimizing any particular aspect, one could do better elsewhere, but the pizza is quite good among mostly forgettable accompaniments.
Chains are generally compromise candidates, and in that vein, BJ's Brewhouse performs the job.

ok food in a applebees sports bar type of environment.
Good beers and ok food - although the pizookie was great - just needs more ice cream)  Good selection of kids food as well.

My best friend loves coming here for happy hour/lunch.
We used to come all the time until the manager made a snippy comment about us going other places more, so we stopped coming at all for awhile.
But last week we went back and it was good.
I love the southwest salad with salmon on top.
It's a tiny bit spicy and the dressing is just right-not goopy.
I love the avocado's and black beans and the red pepper they use to dust the plate.
It just works for me, especially with happy hour glasses of pinot grigio!
MMmm!

Bj's is just ok.
They have some good dishes and some bad.
I do have to say there wings are very good and i could eat a lot of them.
They are breaded.
Normally I'm not in to a breaded wing but these are good.
The breading is so light and the sauce is delicious.
I have been here many times for meeting with friend for a beer and apps.
I have ha d a steak, it was good, the california chicken sandwich was ok, it would be better if it had bacon on it.
They have shoe string fries and wedge fries.
Its always good to have an option.
The decor is nice,  upscale sports bar is the best way to describe it.
The host and server s have always been nice and knowledgeable, but on more than one occasion after the food was served they never came back to check on us to see how the food was or to fill our drinks.
When you serve the food you have to make sure the drinks are filled.
I like there blond brew and there amber brew, but did not care for the others I tried.
They do have a good selection of lunch specials ranging from $6.95-8.95.
Overall I feel this place is hit and misss, some good some bad.

One of our suppliers insists on taking us here for lunch about once a quarter.
It kinda sucks.
Not offensive, but awfully boring.
Things on the broad menu look like they should be better than they are.
Blah.
Plus we can't booze at lunch.
What I've had for booze here (nothing recent) has not been at all noteworthy.
Avoid.

I was excited to try BJ's since I've had some positive experiences with Brewery's in the past few months.
However, I left unimpressed.
I can't say the food was bad, but it wasn't remarkable.
I had the burger, which was okay, but very greasy.
My wife had one of the pizzas that had what appeared to be canned or stewed tomatoes on it which she thought were rather bland and tasteless.
I wasn't able to sample any of the brew selections due to constraints of the diet, but my wife did have a pint of their featured ale and she said it was really good.
The service was decent, and there was about a 15 minute wait to get seated.
All in all, I don't think I'd go back and so I'm filing this one under, "been there, done that...You can keep the tee shirt.

I have been to the particular location many times.
Except for the wait, we have always had a good experience.
I just love that deep dish pizza.
I am sure it is on slice away from stopping my heart, but not here for the health food.

Not worth the effort.
The beer here is pretty bad.
And they charge for tasters, so to try a beer to see how bad it is before committing to a full pint will cost you money.
It really irks me that they do not brew their beer at each location, yet have it shipped in... not very mirco brew of them.
I have been to a couple of their locations, including this one..
It took me 4 tries of this company before I realized I was never going to leave thrilled and to just give up on BJ's.
The service on average is slow and at times moody (with the customers that is, with other staff members they goof around and snap each others exposed thongs-that was a bad dining experience).
The food is bland and boring.
On my final visit my boyfriend's entree came out to the table and mine was nowhere in site.
Five minutes later our server finally came by to tell me that my chicken had been burnt and it was the last one they had, he was oh so kinda as to ask me if I wanted to order something else.
WTF?
Really?!?
Are you serious with me kid, no I want to sit here and watch my boyfriend eat.. what kind of question was that?
So 20 minutes after my boyfriends meal came, I got my meal.. some pasta thing.. should have just ate my napkin, might have had more flavor.
The only MILD saving grace of BJ's is their pizza, its decent, not amazing, but decent.
But one decent pizza will not bring me back to this joke of a brewery.. and btw..what's with the garage doors on the wall?

You must try the Captains Mug - Captains Morgan and BJs homemade rootbeer, delish!
The steak was good and the potatoes were huge.
The fish and chips came with a generous helping, but were on the salty side.
The pulled pork was also very salty  Good service but a tad slow.

Well, I don't drink beer.
That being said.
I'm a big fan of BJs.
I've eaten there a couple of times before, but never at the Desert Ridge location.
I found the atmosphere great.
Nice and open, clean and plenty of flat screens viewable from all locations.
The service staff was nothing amazing, but friendly and efficient.
Great menu, with lots to choose from -and the dish I got, the Piranha Pale-Ale Chili Cheese Burger was amazing.
The Pale-Ale Chili had a great flavor.
I'd say I couldn't stop eating it, but it was so big I had to.
My wife had a regular BJs burger, which was boring, but she said was tasty.
Daughter ordered off a good kids menu - lots of choices for a reasonable price.
And of course...the pazookie.
$40 for a family of three that doesn't drink beer isn't cheap, but it was worth it.

We have dined at BJ's several times and have always been pleased with the food.
Our favorite is their Happy Hour 1/2 off pizzas in the bar area.
The portion sizes are large and are great to share or take some home!
It is kid friendly whcih is a bonus for us.
We also really like the new smaller bites menu, it makes it easy to get several different dishes to share!

BJs is all over the place and in other states.
I have enjoyed their food but i have to say the service is really suck.
I was a server recently for over 6 years and i know what good service is.
Im not going to complain about the food because the food its great!
But they could MAJORLY improve on the service quality.

I paid a visit last Friday.
This place has good food and more variety than yardhouse.
But the drinks are way costly.
The long island comes at 9.75$ and a mojito comes at 8.50$.
If you have the money it's worth paying a visit.

I love coming to BJ's for their special brews of beer!
They always have something unique on tap to drink!
Beer is a little more expensive then your typical bar, but you are paying for a microbrew.
There food isnt half bad either!
They have a large selection of food to choose from - Pizza, Pasta, Sandwiches, etc.
There is something for everyone here!
If your going on a Friday night or Saturday night do the call ahead reservation right before you leave the house.
It will save you 15-30min of waiting in line for a table.

If you don't like something on the menu... no big deal... they have 100 other things to try.
This menu is quite possibly the second largest menu (behind cheesecake factory) that I have ever seen.
And this is just the food!
My personal favorite is the Parm Crusted Chicken.
Did I mention that this was a brewery that had some great beers as well?
There are very few seasonal beers I can tolerate but every season BJs releases a new beer (even if it's a repeat from last year) I am amazed at how delicious it tastes.

The menu at BJ's offers an extensive variety of entrees.
My mother and I decided on a lite lunch so we ordered the soup and salad.
The salad was pretty basic but the minestrone soup was delicious!
And so much for the lite lunch, since it was all you can eat soup we did indulge.
BJ's is a popular Restaurant and at prime time hours does fill up fast.

My wife and I were staying at the condos at Desert Ridge and decided to go here with friends for dinner.
We had a 30 minute wait for a table but a server came by and got us drinks while we waited and another came by later with some pizza to try.
We were seated and our server was very attentive.
My wife had the chicken pasta and asked them if they could throw some cajun spice in it.
Wow it was amazing, it should be on the menu.
I had the pork chops, the apples and potatoes were good but I ordered the pork chops medium and they were well done.
I was halfway through them by the time the server came by and I didn't mention it to her because I didn't want to wait for them to cook more.
Our friends ended up having Pizza.
It was good, not great.
To be honest I am more of a thin crust guy and this was a thicker crust.
All in all I would eat there again.

I really like this place!
There salads are awesome and huge!
I love their BBQ sliders too!
They are so yummy!
I usually do take out and they are so kind, because I always call 15 minutes til the kitchen closes.
I always look forward to eating here!

This place has everything to offer in the choices for food & beer.
I just love the options.
Kid friendly and the staff is awesome.
Reservations maybe a good idea if you are going on the Friday or Saturday night as it can get very busy.

Hadn't been to BJ's for a few years and I had forgotten how great the food is there.
Went on a busy Friday night, but only had to wait about 20 minutes or so to be seated.
Started with classic potato skins.
Perfect.
Cheddar, bacon, and cheese with sour cream and/or ranch dressing.
Bring friends, this is not a single serving plate.
For the entree I chose the Tuscan Chicken Lemone.
It's new on the menu and I hope they keep it for a some time.
Wonderful flavor - lemon and butter, good stuff.
Pasta was tasty too.
And the cheese bread?
Don't get me started.
Normally at BJ's I would have a beer, but I felt like something different so I ordered a nonalcoholic berry cider.
Only lightly sweet and very snappy, it was quite refreshing and a nice change from overly ambitious drinks that crowd out the flavors of a good meal.
Too full for desert so nothing to report.
The service was very good - prompt, accurate, and engaging.
The only issue we had was with the fold out extension for our table.
Every time my friend (G.) hit the top of the table too hard (he's a big guy, but still) the magnetic latch would give way and the extension would swing down and whack one of us in the leg.
After a while I just moved my leg out of harms way and was mildly entertained every time G. would get stung in the thigh.
Probably an anomaly, but a stronger magnet might be a good idea.

3/3/11: Tonight it was a takeout smorgasbord of goodies... New pork chops tasted great in restaurant & now in takeout too.
Love Santa Fe rolls - next time I'm asking for two each of the sauces because then I don't have to worry about double-dipping accidentally at home.
Same for requesting an extra sauce with pot stickers when I'm sharing a meal with someone  :) Tonight the takeout food is as good as in restaurant & it's a rare restaurant that can do that.

There is no losing here.
The food is so good!!
I usually shy away from bar pizza, but this was some of the best pizza I have had.
Awesome chicken wings.
And they have a large selection of great beer.
There is nothing like a beer with real flavor.
I usually do not like a really dark brew, but they have the best.
Great service, just a great place.

There are very few restaurants open late, and thankfully BJ's is one of them, giving them a bonus star.
I've been to this location a few times and it's consistently good.
Good service, good food, good drinks.
Nothing special stands out, but we've never had any issues either (other than that one time a couple people in our group got into a yelling match across the bar area and were asked to leave...but that's a story for another day and had nothing to do with BJ's itself).
Nachos with Blackened Chicken & a Berry Burst Cider = win.

Until recently i had only had the pizza, but their enormous encyclopedia of a menu is full of tons of delicious options from sandwiches to pastas.
Overall very impressed with the quality of food which encompasses a multitude of genres.

I went to BJ's Restaurant for the first time this weekend.
And we had mixed results.
The service by Brandon was excellent, but please tone it down on the upselling.
He made a great suggestion regarding getting double meatballs in the Calzone as one of the two additional toppings that comes with the dish.
The nachos were good, but could have used some Guac and Jalapenos to bring it up to excellent.
The meatball Calzones were excellent (better than Uncle Sam's I'm told, sorry Sammy).
I know Chicago Deep Dish Pizza, and you Sir, are not Chicago Deep Dish Pizza.
Not even close, that's why the Yelp rating for this restuarant takes a header.
This is what a Chicago Deep Dish Pizza looks like.......http://www.giordanos.com/.
Their pizza was just a lot of crust with a thin layer of cheese and toppings.
The Wendy's "Where's the Beef" lady would have been yelling "Where's the Cheese" if she had a "Chicago Deep Dish Pizza" at BJ's.
Having said all that, my family and I really enjoyed the atmoshere and the great selection of entrees and will be back to try the other entrees, but just not the Pizza.

Have to give this place 3-4 stars for food but 5 stars for service.
Great service so I've gotta average it out.
Basic chain restaurant food.
My shrimp tacos weren't so great.
Didn't care for the crispy, dry flour tortilla.
I prefer the corn.
Not much shrimp in tacos.
Sauces were okay.
The seared ahi salad looked pretty good.
Tasted the pulled pork sandwich and I really liked the savory sauce...not too sweet.
Pizza was okay.
A bit greasy but edible.
I prefer thin crust.
Service was amazing.
Someone in my party ordered a mojito and her glass came to the table sticky.
She told the waitress.
Waitress offered to get her a new glass but she said she was okay and wrapped a napkin around it and was fine.
Even though she was fine w/ the glass, the manager came over and offered to replace the drink and she did.
Excellent customer service as the waitress did not just "sit on it.
" She took the minor complaint to management and they took a minor complaint seriously and did something/anything about it to please the customer.
Top, top service.
Had to bump up to 4 stars.

Excellent menu - servers are super friendly - great for kids!
What more can you ask for... oh yeah, the food is awesome, too!

Unfortunately this is the worst BJ's location I've ever been to, and I love BJ's food normally.
The deep dish pizza was just not that good, and I normally think their deep dish pizza is a model of perfection.
The crust wasn't really 'deep' and more like regular pizza crust.
The toppings were pitiful - barely any sauce, practically no cheese, and very little of the toppings that were supposed to come with the pizza.
I was so disappointed.
The service is great but that doesn't really matter to me when the food they are bringing me is sub par.
They have all day happy hour when games are on and the bar has a decent number of TV's with NFL Sunday Ticket but the food was too disapointing for me to go back.

BJs, overall, is a very average restaurant.
I like the variety on their menu, and the food is usually good, but it often takes a long time to get it.
The service is generally good (although we've had a couple of bad experiences), and the atmosphere is pleasant overall.
It really doesn't stand out to me in any way; it's a good place to visit when the mood strikes but not necessarily one of the top restaurants in Desert Ridge.

Disgusting.
First had to send back the paint thinner tasting Jeremiah Red than on to the worse than frozen pizza and my wifes prime rib sandwich stayed a little too long.
Barf!

Haha, BJ's, now that that's aside...
The food here is amazing!
I came here for lunch with my mom even though I wasn't hungry at all.
Their menu is large with something for everyone, even for those like me who come in with a very little appetite.
They have a small bites menu consisting of stuffed mushrooms, ahi tuna, and a few other choices for $3.
I ordered the ahi tuna that was seared to perfection for being such a small filet and the portion was perfect!
My mom ordered the flatbread and salad lunch combo.
I couldn't resist trying her flatbread.
OMG, the crispy thin crunch of their flatbread...so delicious!
I checked out their beer selection and was pleasantly impressed.
I can't wait to come back with an appetite to try more items and beverages off their menu!
The hostess greeted us with a smile while she sat another party in front of us and then came back right away and sat us.
The server was quick and the food came out fast.
The decor was nice, but its still a fun casual restaurant.

Food and service was good.

I have been to this BJs a few times, mainly because someone else drags me.
I wouldn't come on my own.
Our twin group president wanted to have our last board meeting here.
She called a month ahead to let them know we would need a large area, preferably a private room.
The person she talked to assured her that they could accommodate us.
The day of the meeting, she called early in the morning to let them know we would be meeting at 6:30.
We got there at 6:25 and they were not expecting us.
They told us to wait at the bar while they set up the tables.
(We were 18 twin moms, yes large board).
Well, the room was not private at all, it was just another area, divided only by half walls.
The noise level was so high, we could not hear each other.
We ordered some food, which was ok, nothing to write home about.
My Fundraising co-chair didn't get her meal until I called a waitress and made her aware of that.
Our meeting ended up being the fasted we have ever had, mainly because we could not really engage in conversation.
I guess we won't be coming back.
I think I am finally out of people who could drag me to this place.

Great food, great beer, great service!!
Been to Bj's more times than I can count.
Never a bad experience.
Pizookie's Rule the World.....at least my world!

BJ's is a great spot to grab a bite or even catch a game.
The parmesan crusted chicken is so yummy and they brew their own root beer!

Went here after a day at a nearby museum and the food definitely was more than I expected.
The waiter gave me a second soda drink without me asking and asked me if wanted a third, which I declined.
The Bacon Cheeseburger was amazing and more than I expected and wish I had a place like this to go home to!

Don't be mistaken - BJ's does not serve craft beer.
Some of them are good but it is contract corporate brewing.
We enjoyed the Scottish Ale and the Brown Ale and a dessert.
Our bartender was a super nice, service was great.
That's all.

My family and I tried BJ's for the first time about a week ago on a Friday night.
The restaurant was very busy .
usually a good sign.
I really wanted to like this restaurant.
The menu selections sounded appetizing, but that's about as far as it went.
Our server was congenial enough, but seemed to be overloaded with tables, and was never around when we needed something.
The best item we ordered was the fried artichoke hearts appetizer, which was unique and tasty  Everything else varied from OK to very disappointing.
Most items lacked basic seasoning and tasted as if they were frozen and reheated .
poorly.
My husband ordered a pepperoni calzone that was lackluster and extremely bland.
My kids ordered a the kids corn dogs, which were also flavorless.
I ordered the individual size Spinach and Artichoke Deep Dish Pizza.
I have to agree with previous reviewers that this is definitely NOT anything resembling deep dish pizza.
It was a very thick crust with a sparse amount of toppings.
There was very little spinach and some untrimmed artichoke pieces on it.
The artichoke was largely inedible, as the hearts had not been trimmed/prepared properly and most of the petals were very tough and impossible to chew.
My husband wanted to try a dessert, so we ordered the Triple Chocolate Pizookie.
It looked appetizing, but fell far short as far as flavor.
The "cookie" barely covered the bottom of the pan across most of the middle, and really had very little flavor or substance.
The ice cream and chocolate square were good on top, but the cookie definitely left a lot to be desired.
I left feeling like somebody somewhere probably had some great recipe ideas, but that they got "watered down" in the actual execution with franchising and corner cutting.
It was disappointing to spend nearly $50 and leave feeling so unsatisfied.

Here in Phoenix for a week of spring training with March Madness thrown in.
We were here three times, mostly glued to a TV watching UNC.
Good happy hour food and deals.
Pot stickers tasty, flavorful and just the right amount of crunch.
Flatbread, invent your own pizzas were very good.
I had the portobello with balsamic and motzarella.
Hubby  had the sausage and olive.
Crunchy crust, much preferred over the deep dish.
Bartender Shiloh ( dunno, maybe his mom was a Neil Diamond fan).
Spotted us the second time we came in, knew our drink preference and offered up other spots to check out games.
Very nice, considering we'd never seen him.
Looking forward to next year's cactus league, for sure.

BBQ CHICKEN PIZZA IS AMAZING!!!!!
Pazookie is always yummmmy too!

While I try for the most part NOT to write negative reviews, I just couldn't help myself this time.
I've been here for several lunch meetings and each time I think 'eh they're having an off day, next time will be better'.
That's not the case.
Every time I've been here (and it's only ever been for lunch), service is slow, servers seem confused and too busy (even though there are dozens of them on staff), there have been poor explanations of the dishes, food was served barely warm and of mediocre taste.
The restaurant does always seem to be busy though, so apparently other people have had different experiences - good for them.
... On a lighter note, the beer is delicious.
I've had the Pale Ale and the Red which both awesome.
Perhaps if I were to try it again (doubtful) that I should just sit at the bar?

The service was great from walking in the door to the end of our meal.
Our server was friendly and got our order right when we even had food allergies which is always a must.
I got the new light salad:Thai mango chicken and it was awesome.
I love a good fresh and a little spicy salad.
It was very refreshing and filling.
BJs always has great brews too...try the lightswitch for a good lager under 135 cals.

I haven't been impressed with BJ's the last couple times I've visited and I'm not going back.
I am newly gluten free and they have limited menu options for a GF person like me although I do appreciate that they offer a GF pizza.
I can usually find something on a menu that will fit the bill so I ordered the Thai mango chicken salad.
It was certainly nothing special considering the $12 price tag.
I was disappointed to see that all their salads ran that much with the exception of the garden salad which was $9.75 + $3 extra to add grilled chicken.
They've really increased their prices.
My husband's vanilla Dr. Pepper was $3 and he was not offered a refill.
So, like I said, I won't be returning.

As a large chain I will say that I am a fan of BJ's.
One of the nice things is that this location is just like every other location, in that its the same menu and same food.
One thing that i love about BJ's is that I have always had good service, they do a great job of training and making sure that it is done right.
Sometimes during busy times there can be issues with not getting your food as quickly but that is what is expected.
Sitting at the bar is also a prime spot with the large amount of TV's and a solid selection of draft beer.
When it comes to their "craft" beers they are hit or miss.
As a huge fan of a good beer I cant say I love BJ's brews but they also offer a decent other selection.
When it comes to food they are pretty solid all around.
The "deep dish" pizza is good, i enjoy the BBQ and the pepperoni.
You cant go wrong with any of the sandwiches or burgers they are all solid.
During my last visit i enjoyed the wings as an appetizer and used the wing sause and ranch as a dipping sause for the crispy thin fries.
Delicious!
Best part about all the food i will say is the pizookie, i love the pizookie!
you have to try it.
Overall, BJ's is good a little bit pricey for what you get but they do a quality job on all the food and service and are fairly consistent in all their locations.
Good place to go for a family dinner, beers with some friends, or just a place to go and have a decent meal.

Always reliably good.
Great beer selection as well as fabulous "bitch fizz" (ciders, etc.
) and cocktails.
Their pizza is outstanding AND they have a healthy menu.
I generally steer clear of chains but this is an exception.

We eat here fairly often.
It is consistently good, and I like the variety.
I like the "house" beers as well, I am a fan of the Tatonka Stout.
The fish and chips are above average, and the size of the dish is large.
My wife and I often split it.
The potato skins are good as well, nice large crispy potato skins with cheese and bacon.
They are not soggy and shriveled like at some places (Fridays....)  I order the burger often, and it is above average.
The crispy thin fries are excellent.
I have had a few friends eat the steaks here, and they both enjoyed them.
They have a strawberry shortcake like desert that is very, very good as well.
All and all, a well rounded place to eat.
It is also usually relaxed with an acceptable amount of noise, and many TVs if your dinner date is boring.

This place never disappoints.
Delicious veggie pizza.

I don't drink booze much these days so I can't speak for their beer etc.
However their salads are great.
The burgers are really good, the fish and chips are darn good for the valley, and so are their soups.
The only thing I have had that I was disappointed in was the stuffed mushrooms.
I would give five stars except the staff though friendly don't seem very organized, and often take rather long to check back (or at least that has been so with me).

The Menu here is great.
So much to choose from and its always good.
No mater which location we visit our service is always good and we never have to wait long to be seated.
The Jambalaya is a big favorite, and the pizza here is awesome.
I've also noticed that they have improved the drink menu quite a bit

Sat at the bar and had absolutely wonderful service.
Boy does that make such a difference.
Friendly and knowledgable without being intrusive.
We did happy hour.
I had a flight of their house beers.
Really liked their Hefeweizen; crisp and tasty.
We had the wings buffalo style M with blue cheese sub for ranch.
My wife didn't like them saying they were soggy.
I thought they were ok but rather scrawny.
They need larger ramekins to dip in too.
I had the 5 meat deep dish and I was astonished how good it was.
Really thick with the meat.
Again bartenders Edith and Corey were outstanding.
If we lived near by I would come back just for their service.

Awesome deal $19.95 dinner for two!!
The salads were good, the pizza was ok, and the dessert good too!
My husband went to picked up the food and he told me the people at the take out, weren't very kind.

First the good: I love the fact that as a business, BJ's supports groups like the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and is doing things in October for breast cancer awareness.
I like that they have good seasonal brews - the pumpkin ale was quite tasty.
They have a sizable menu - and the quality of the food is pretty darn good all around.
However.
The quality of the service keeps us from making this place a regular stop.
It's just so sporadic - sometimes it's all right and sometimes it's sub-par like today.
We were greeted warmly, our server (Erica A) came quickly and when asked for an additional minute returned quickly to take our order.
This is where it all fell apart.
After taking our order, we saw her only once more before paying our check.
I know our $25 order wasn't laden with lucrative alcohol - but no refills on water, showing disappointment when only one of us ordered more than water, having to flag a bus boy for silverware while our appetizer got cold, watching the manager watch the football game more than the service - it all just sours us from coming more frequently.
It's a place that I'd like to come for happy hour post-work - but I just never feel good about suggesting it with the experiences we've had.

BJ's always has good food but the service is usually sub-par.
This place would get 5 stars if they could just improve in that area.
I like their salads, burgers, pizzas and they also have some pretty good lemonades.

Nice comfortable place, didn't eat this time just some drinks at the bar.
Friendly service little steep on prices but would go back.

I went to Bj's when I lived in SF.
I was excited to learn we had one in the north valley!
Nothing short of spectacular.
Never had a problem here, food is always excellent, and if the food is ever late or ordered wrong, we're always compensated with something small like a free beer, desert, or that specific entree/app for free!
Waitresses, waiters, and bussers are on there stuff.
I recommend this place to friends who want something a little more upscale than Outback, or someone who wants something a little different than your old fashion pizza.
You've got to try their cheeseburger pizza, it's astounding.

Well, I have been to this location twice now and both times the food has been excellent!
I'm a Chicago pizza snob and I really did enjoy the thin crust with pepperoni & sausage - simple & delicious!
My only rub on this place is the service.
Our first visit was horrible!!
The place was more than half empty yet we still had to wait for 15 minutes for them to "clear a table" and then we had one server take our drink orders, then another shows up ten minutes after we got our drinks and proceeds to welcome us again & asks if we wants any drinks.
WTF?
Then we had a third server take our food order!
It just made us dizzy and each one seemed more confused then the last.
The second visit was better however, I overheard the table next to us complain because they didn't get the extra garlic bread they ordered until the meal was done.
It cracked me up when a server finally brings the bread when they are paying the bill and says "Do you still want this?
"  So, good food - spotty service....place was packed on Friday night though.
Oh, I forgot to mention - a glass of house wine - house wine - I did say house wine right?
10.25!!
Yikes!
house wine!???

Went for a late lunch and it was an excellent experience from entering to leaving.
I had the Pot Roast sandwich and my wife, a Hamburger Patty Melt.
Both were delicious, the service relaxed and a good value.
Don't miss their brand of tap beer.

We went for dinner last night , Sarah, our waitress was amazing.
We are at one of the BJ's restaurants weekly and we found Sarah to be the best waitress in our 4 year experience.
Friendly, always keeping the drinks flowing, asked if we wanted our tea''s to go, understood their rewards program.
And as always the food was great.
Always a great place you can count on for great food and always consistent.

The service is outstanding.
I had the Cajun pasta and tortilla soup both very good.
My wife had the baked potato which was better than most and a very fresh Caesar salad.

First time there and thought it was a decent sports bar type place.
I had the Jalapeño Burger.
The burger was juicy and above average tasting.
I like the toppings and overall flavor, but the bun failed.
It was too big and didn't hold up to the burger.
Half way through the bottom pretty much disappeared and I was left with the crunchy top part.
The skinny fries were very good.
The light Thai salad was decent but way over dressed.
Good and friendly server who quickly replaced our first order of fries after they came to us cold.
He even brought an extra order with our meal.
Overall, decent food, good service, but it felt like a soulless corporate place.
I would go back but would rather try someplace with more soul and a more unique feel.

Good food, great service, reasonable prices.
My only complaint is that, like many other places that THINK they serve Chicago-style deep-dish pizza, they don't.
What they claim is deep-dish is, in fact, just thick crust pizza - a loaf of bread with ingredients - far removed from what you get on Wabash Street in Chicago.
Chicago deep-dish is baked in a pan, but the crust is THIN.
It's the ingredients that make it a meal-on-a-slice.
Did it taste good?
Yes.
Would I have it again?
Sure, it was flavorful.
But if you are expecting TRUE deep-dish pizza, this isn't it.

I don't typically give chains a 5 star review but we had an OUTSTANDING experience at this BJ's last weekend and here we are a week later and I'm still very pleased!
We had a group of 12 people and from the time of reservation to the time we got our check we received 5 Star treatment all the way!
The food was good, the service was EXCELLENT, and the overall experience was top notch!
We will definitely be back!

We have been here a few times and the food and service are usually very good.
Can get crowded on weekends but worth waiting a bit to get a table.
The noise level is not too loud like some other places.
Didn't care for their specialty drinks but the beers are good and they have a nice selection.

We visited today for the first time and the food was very good.
The Thai chicken wontons were fabulous.
I had the turkey burger which was also very good.
Others had salads and sandwiches and everyone was pleased.

Awesome desserts , wide variety , decent price!

I don't know what needs to be said specifically about BJ's.
It's a classic American restaurant/brewery chain.
The menu is solid all around, the service is outstanding, and the root beer is amazing.
If classic American cuisine is what you're craving and you're in the area, BJ's is not a bad choice by any means.
Although the chicken fried steak was a bit chewy compared to my liking.

I often meet friends here because it is centrally located for us.
I have been to this restaurant many times and am never disappointed.
They provide an extensive menu for a variety of appetites.
And while I'm not a big drinker, their cocktails and beers have been warmly received by my dining companions.
I've also found each waiter I've met to be pleasant, friendly and attentive to our needs.
The only complaint is that it gets very noisy and on weekend nights the parking can be a bit challenging.
All in all, I like this place, and enjoy meeting up with friends there because the atmosphere, food and folks are great.

We ate here again on Sunday night.
The food is always good.
The baked potatoes are a solid 2-3 lbs!

Let's just say that the employees need to go through a re-training.
We get our food, and most of us are out of the water that we initially received.
We ask the server (not the waitress) for water, but it never comes.
Now we are completely out.
We grab another waitress - not ours because why would ours come back - and ask her for water.
10 minutes later she comes back - with one glass - for a party of 4!!!
We finally get our waitress to bring water.
She finally does - but no lemons this time.
I guess we are being punished.
Seriously, if employees have time to stand around talking, then they have time to grab pitchers of water and refill glasses.
I know there is no money in water, but it's all about customer service.
We were all obviously done with eating, and had been for a while, and I catch our waitresses eye.
She says "oh, do you need something".
Yeah, like how about your take our plates, offer us dessert and our checks??

We went to Bj's this past weekend we enjoyed our experience.
First off I ordered a cream soda and I am now convinced that Bj's has the best cream soda out there, you gotta try it when you go.
Our group shared a pizza it was very good, i would defiantly order it again.
Our service was good, nothing to brag about but nothing to complain about either.
We will defiantly be back!

What isn't there to love about BJ's?
The menu may take a few minutes to read if you don't know what you love there since it's large and has so many options - but I promise anyone can find something to eat here!
The Pzookies are to DIE for - get one.
If you don't, you'll wish you had.
Promise.

I first tried this place when they did a "test" meal prior to opening.
I wasn't impressed then and I'm not now.
The food is mediocre at best, the service not even that good.
Even the iced tea is awful.
And you could perish of thirst waiting for a drink refill.
I got a cobb salad, and it didn't even come with a roll, bread or cracker.
There are plenty of other places in the Desert Ridge area that deserve patronage.
Skip this one!

Typical BJs.
Came to watch the cardinals game.
Boyfriend loves their BBQ chicken deep dish pizza.
We got the chicken wontons thai style.
They were ok. Not great but not bad.
Food is typical but they do do a great job with service.

I F*CKING LOVE BJ'S!
No pun intended.
The restaurant is great too.
The service is fantastic, but then again, who can say no to BJ's?
The food is pretty damn good and the beer selection is awesome.
Really though, I always feel treated right, the staff is awesome.
The bar tenders are actually pretty cool and personable even when they're busy.
Anyone who's read my reviews knows by now, that if it's a good review it's gonna be short and sweet, but my bad reviews are gonna be LONG and very descriptive.
This place got the formula right.
Great food, great atmosphere, great people, great beer, great desserts, terrible parking lot.
The best places always have the worst parking lots.

My boyfriend decided that he wanted to have his 22nd birthday dinner at Bj's, it made sense because we were going to Dave and Busters afterwards.
I called about four days in advance to make a reservation for 15 people at 8:15pm.
I spoke with a manager and everything was worked out.
We arrived a little early, around 8, and were told that our reservation had been changed to 8:30.
This was unbeknownst to me which was irritating because they had my number on file and I had 15 hungry people showing up expecting to be seated at 8:15.
Well, unfortunately this was just the start of things!
We didn't ACTUALLY sit down at 8:30, we didn't even get seated at 9!
We sat down to eat dinner around 9:15, PERFECT!
By this point most of us were tired and mostly just wanted to go home.
Personally I didn't even care about the fact that I was hungry anymore.
So they assigned two servers to our table because we were such a large party which made me happy, I thought that would mean better service oh boy was I wrong!
Our drinks took 20 minutes to come out, seriously?
So we all put our order in and instead of entering all of our orders AT ONE TIME in the computer our servers entered them at randomly different times so all of our food came out randomly.
Now let me add that everyone in this party has either served or worked in the restaurant industry before and we all know that when there's two of you, bringing 15 people drinks and appetizers should NEVER take 20-30 minutes.
Now as far as the food goes, EH.
Mediocre at best.
The Long Islands were ten dollars and they tasted like shit.
I had a five dollar Mai Tai and it was probably the most delicious thing I had all night!
The ONLY thing I can give them credit for is their spinach artichoke dip, that was heavenly.
Now we had all planned on leaving Bj's around 10:30 because Dave and Busters closes at one on Fridays.
We didn't even get our checks until 11.
SHOCKING.
So we didn't end up walking out the front doors until 11:30.
I was furious to say the least.
All in all, I would NEVER EVER EVER reccomend this place to ANYONE or EVER come back here again.

The food is unique & good.
I have eaten there for lunch and dinner and it seems to be a popular place.
My husband had a burger and I had the chicken salad.
Good service and decent meals.
I enjoyed seeing many of their dishes trying to infuse different flavors.

The food and service here are consistently good.
We've tried all kinds of dishes .
The food is above average for a casual restaurant, so I certainly can't complain.Great place to go for a casual meal!

I've always enjoyed this place...it's very clean, good vibe, reasonable prices...but tonight it took 10 minutes for us to get 2 drinks....I've been staring at them at the bar for 5 min.

Had a okay experience the first time.
The food was about a 6 out of 10.
The second time it was awful we asked to be seated in a both and the guy just wouldn't do it.
He was very rude, guess he didn't want our business.

We have been to this location twice - once on New Years Eve (with a new trainee attempting to serve us) and years later for lunch.
First it hasn't changed with the horrible customer service.
The hostess avoids looking at me for about two minutes, then says, "Party of two?
" and she points to the bar area to seat ourselves....We then seat ourselves, a waitress approaches us and we request water and menus  - we get those in a timely manner.
She then takes our order and we never see her again..... we sat there for at least 20 minutes with no other interaction from her.
We then go up to the hostess stand to do a courtesy notification that we are leaving because we have not received our order nor seen our waitress again and her reply is "Do you want to speak to a manager?
"  Obviously, this is a problem here!
DO NOT GO HERE - THERE ARE SO MANY OTHER CHOICES IN THE VALLEY!!!!

Been to BJ's in Dallas and S Calf and decided to stop in here with the wife.
We were told a 10-15 minute wait and the hostess was right on.
For a Friday night, wow!
We were seated and offered a beverage right away.
We decided on the 2 for $35.
I ordered Salmon, my wife ordered the Rib Eye.
A little while later, Igor, our server told us there was an issue with a server error and another server took my wife's steak.
It would be a few more minutes  before her steak would be ready but my salmon is ready now, do I want to wait?
We said, no , bring out my salmon.
The steak was ready 5-7 minutes later.
No big deal, but the manager came out to apologize and gave us a BJs Holiday Card worth at least $5.
Great customer service and great meal.
Igor, our server was great.
Will be back.

Their food is delicious, and they have a pretty decent happy hour special too - with food and drinks.
We have tried a lot of what's on their menu, and the only thing that I think didn't have much to offer was the tilapia dinner.
The Buffalo Chicken pizza there is one of the best I've ever had, highly recommend ordering it.

So disappointed!!!
I used to love BJs restaurant.
Their food is no longer the great delicious quality that it used to be.
It was as if they received frozen prepared food in a box, microwaved it and served it.
Everything we ordered tasted stale or like a cheap thawed out frozen dinner.
Our waiter offered no resolution whatsoever and had a "so sad too bad" attitude stating that corporate changed some of their recipes and they had no control over it.
He also charged us full price for everything even though we ordered happy hour specials.
We had to remind him that it was happy hour.
Never going back.

Reasonable HH in the bar area that is great for an after-work hangout.
We ordered quite a few things off the specials and finished them all without complaints.
In sum:  -California flatbread was tasty and completely made by the bacon.
Toppings were not plentiful, but adequate and the HH portion was reasonably cut into 4 portions.
Not bad for $4, but I wouldn't order the standard size.
-Boneless buffalo wings were just as you'd expect.
I like variations on other dishes, but don't mess with my buffalo.
Good job on keeping it standard.
-Spinach-stuffed mushrooms (not on HH, but ~$5 for a small plate) were not my favorite.
If you like lightly flavored 'shrooms, then great.
I, however, expected more flavor and these were drab.
-Avocado egg rolls were my favorite overall.
Unique (at least to me!
) and creamy, with a hint of spice that leaves you guessing what's going on in there.
Our waiter was great, non-intrusive (though we hung out for about 2 hours), and cute...so that's a win!
My standard gin & soda was actually kinda strong...in a good way!
Though BJ's did not blow me away, it's nice, comfortable food that is great for all folks.
I'll be back to try some of their extensive menu offerings.

Great pizza and beer.
Enjoyed the spicy meatball pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza.
Wonderful place to go grab a bite to eat.
Good service.

Great service!
Great food!
I love dining here!
I think their caesar salad is one of the best I've ever had in town.
Their craft brews are on the hoppy side so if you are not into serious great tasting beer I'd suggest you stick to the mass-produced watered down beer for your drinking pleasure.
Oh and there are plenty of televisions for sporting events.

I was very surprised by my visit tonight.
This was not my first visit to BJ's.
At our table of seven chairs, 4 of them were broken.
This is a huge accident waiting to happen.
We started out our meal with the calamari appetizer.
This was very good.
No issues there.
Then with the meal, I ordered the margarita flat bread.
I have ordered this before and loved it.
Tonight was not the same.
I think it had been sitting under the heat lamp for awhile before it was brought to the table.
The last time I remember that it had more fresh basil on it, too.
This time the basil didn't even cover the entire pizza and it was not very fresh.
I couldn't even taste it.
My daughter ordered the shrimp scampi.
She asked for some grated Parmesan on it and they brought her some packets of Parmesan and told her they couldn't find the grater.
Really?
I am giving them 2 stars only because I know how good it can be ... how good it has been.
I don't know what is going on here but they need some serious attention from upper management to get it back to where it used to be starting with the broken chairs.

Always love coming here!
The staff has been great, and the food is pretty good.
We don't normally have to wait long to be seated, and we enjoy the environment.
The fish and chips were definitely worth the Weight Watchers points and heartburn.
Yes... it was worth it.
I don't normally eat like that but I don't eat out a lot, so when I do, I endulge!

Ok, maybe only their pizza is good.
Had their bruschetta small bites and gourmet Mac and cheese.
Bruschetta bread was way too thick and nothing great.
Mac and cheese - although "gourmet", I thought my nieces' Kraft Mac and cheese with their kids meal was better.
My other friend agreed too.
Ironic how the one thing that we adults liked the best was from the kids menu AND something we can make at home from the box itself!
Guess what I went to buy at the grocery store later that day?

They were so rude!
Which doesn't bother me as bad as the poor food!
I had the Alfredo and my chicken was cold.
My sister had the chicken pasta and said her broccoli was almost frozen.
Won't go here again!

Went here for a team lunch today.
Our server Alicia took really good care of us.
We got a big table, got our drinks promptly and she was very patient with us.
One of my team mates arrived later and she promptly took his order.
I like that they have an unsweetened flavored iced tea (tropical).
I had the lunch portion of lemon thyme chicken, minus the rice.
We asked to have vegetables instead and I am pretty impressed with the variety of vegetables.
We got carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, peppers and what seemed to be cubes of sweet potatoes.
They were very good.
I do not come to BJ's often but I think every time it has been a good experience.

This was one of my worst restaurant experiences.
We arrived at noon and waited for about 25 minutes for a table.
We were seated and ordered.
It tok until 1:45 until our food arrived.
The order was incomplete and it took awhile to get a server to correct it.
There were 4 in our party and we all ordered soup and salad which should be a staple so we couldn't imagine why it took so long.
My wife's soup was cold and I got seriously ill with a GI upset.
You can be sure that we won't be going to BJs again!

This place used to be excellent, however their recent menu changes really show that they are not in touch with their customers.
They do not make my two favorite items any longer.
The garden medley salad with blackened salmon, and the margaritas flatbread.
Not sure if I'll go back...

Horrible policy here.
I used the call ahead feature on a busy night and was told that the wait is 25 minutes, and my name was now on the list.
Sounds good, right?
I arrive 25 minutes later to check in and I'm told that I should expect to get a table in about 25-30 minutes.
What?!?
This is insane and unlike most other places that have the call ahead feature.
Minor mention:  the happy hour changed in the last year or so and several items are no longer discounted at all (like Mozz sticks), and the items that are discounted are presented on a separate menu that categorizes them by price (these apps for $7, these for $9, etc.
)  This is a growing trend as places no longer want to clearly indicate half off, or a specified amount off, and want to try and redirect your attention away from how much you're actually saving by going to happy hour.

I knocked off a star because of one reason.
Which is the slow service.
I have only been here once but the service was bad.
The 4 stars are for the great food I had to make up for it though.
The food is great and so is the customer service although it can be slow.
It is fairly priced and the quantity for what you pay for is good.

I wish this place was closer to home...
Excellent food quality and consistently good service.
It is larger than it looks from the outside and has a completely open feel with high ceilings and a huge bar area.
Seems like it would be a fun place to hang with friends and it's also family-friendly; our kids love the menu!

BJs is a nationwide middle to higher restaurant chain with a focus on beer.
They brew their own.
This specific BJs has about 8 of them.
BJs has really wonderful service.
The waiter was helpful, polite, and visited our table with the right amount of frequency.
We had spiced salmon and Mediterranean tacos.
Both were very healthy, but not too filling.
a cookies and cream pizookie (Pizookie is the BJs classic dessert- ice cream on a warm cookie bottom) at the end of the night was a great way to finish.
it tasted great!

From BJ's website, "Our menu features BJ's own delicious, innovative spin on your favorite foods, including deep dish pizzas, salads, sandwiches, pastas, steaks, baby back ribs and so much more.
"  That's all true.
Well, the delicious and innovative claims are debatable but they do have an extensive menu.
Possibly too extensive.
The food is OK and much like that food you'll find at Yard House, Gordon Biersch, TGI Fridays, etc.
Yes, they have their own "spin" but it's really not that much different.
Service has always been friendly.
The food shows up quickly and I've never had to wait for a refill.
They really push their BJ's beer but they have a number of other beers on tap (ask for a Bud Light - go on, I dare you!).
Not a bad spot to grab lunch or dinner.
Just don't expect to be blown away.

Came here for a late dinner.
Juicy Moroccan Salmon with some fun nuts to join it.
The stuffed mushroom appetizers also really delighted our mouths.
Such a friendly waiter.
Would definitely come back next time to try the beer.

I've eaten at other BJ's and wasn't too impressed.
This location stands out for the service.
From the moment we walked in, the staff were friendly and attentive.
It is super kid friendly.
The food came out quickly and was delicious.
We also ordered takeout several times with excellent results.
Overall, a solid chain restaurant.

3 & a half stars.
First time at BJs & I'll probably go again.
We got the corn fritters with bacon aioli & mini bruschetta for appetizers.
The corn fritters were Delicious & the bruschetta was yummy too.
My husband ordered the bison burger & I had the parmesan crusted chicken.
Only one of my pieces of chicken had the sauce on it & overall it was pretty good but nothing I'd order again (kinda wishing I had gone with a pizza).
Only had a bite of my husbands burger & from what I can remember it was good & he liked it.
Lastly, we ordered the cookies & cream pizookie & that was just delicious!

I came here with my family and what amazing service!
I loved the flatbread pizzas you can't get any better!
My wife and me shared a French dip and I've never had better.
The horseradish sauce was really mild but that's why it was so good!
I would deff recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a good meal!
It's good for family or friends

Pretty good food.
Reasonably priced for the great quality.
Servers are considerate and nice and I've always had a great experience coming here.
On weekends there can be a little bit of a wait, but that's expected for most sit-down restaurants.
Definitely a fan(:

Stopped in to watch the NBA playoffs and grab a bite.
The restaurant has an older crowd...
I ordered some mojitos but they tasted just like a citrus drink with no alcohol..
The Tanaka Stout was good.
Our waiter was staying on top of things...
The food came out hot.
BJ's is affordable, quick..
It did bother me that the cocktails were not good at all.

Lite tacos were actually pitas.
Tasteless.
My husband loves it as its a greasy food sports bar.
But if I cant get a decent meal...even a basic salad or taco, they're dead to me.

I haven't been to a BJ's in a while so much has changed...for the better.
The menu is very large now and offers some really nice lunch options.
The lunch portions are very large and well priced.
I was pleasantly surprised as I have never been a real BJ's fan in the past but I would definitely come back.
The restaurant was cuter than I remember.
I had the the shrimp scampi and tomato and mozzarella salad lunch combo.
Both were very good.
The tropical ice tea is delicious as well.
Our server could have been friendlier and more attentive but it wasn't a problem.
Can't wait to come back and give it another try.

I've been here a handful of times and I've always been satisfied.
only 1 time has my food come out wrong and the manager was very apologetic and and had the right dish out in no time.
You can't go wrong with the flat bread pizza!

beer selection is good but the menu seems to be all over the place.
Their waitstaff tries very hard.
Bartender at the Peoria location is outstanding.
Some of the small bites on the menu are good but the pizza is "over-Americanized", too fluffy, grease, too many toppings, a mouthful of yeast.

This place is awful!
The service is disturbingly horrid!
I will not be frequenting this establishment again!
No Bueno!!

