The fastest haircut, 21 dollar or otherwise, I've ever had.
What the owner lacks in personality, he makes up for in speed.
V's is a smartly and cleanly designed and decorated barbershop for men.
It's better than Supercuts and much cheaper than a salon.
Despite the affordability, they still sell quality men's products like American Crew.
Some may see this as a bonus--during your cut, the owner will probably say no more than 5 words to you and will change his facial expression exactly zero times.
Cedric & Ice Cube's Barbershop this is not.
Good place for a reliable, (but nothing spectacular), affordable haircut.

This was my first time to V's, I went because my normal barber was not available and V's looked like a place guys should get their hair cut.
My barber was Nissan, we started off with the usual prep work.
Ten seconds into the hair cut I realized V's was a place every guy should get his hair cut.
Think 30's Chicago style mens barber shop, minus the cheesy candy cane.
V's has an absolutely guy atmosphere that makes you feel like a man should when hes getting his hair cut by a barber not a hair stylist.
Nissan gave me the absolute exact hair cut I asked for and pulled it off better than almost every other barber I've ever been to.
He asked questions which I like, then he cut my hair just the way I like.
The process was quick and relaxing, I watched TV and exchanged brief chit chat with Nissan here and there.
The man took absolute pride in his work and I didn't need to micro manage his every snip.
The results actually made me grin.
Nissan works M W F, ask for him but the other guys looked just as sharp.
If you've ever seen an old movie and thought, whatever happened to a mans barber shop, you know the ones with class?
Go to V's.
I walked out of there with not a single hair on my shirt or back.
I felt and looked like a million bucks.
The $21 hair cut was more than worth it, next time I'm going for the $45 full deal.
Warning: V's is not a hair styling salon, its a man's barber shop.
If you're a man go here, if you know a man, send him here, and if you don't know a man, get one, then send him here.

Dear barber,  Please go back to measuring school.
1/2 inch does not = 2 inches.
Again, 1/2 inch does not = 2 inches.
Went in for a trim, asking for 1/2" off the top.
Left looking like I just enlisted in the Army.
Literally.
(google "high & tight") WTF?
I recant anything positive I wrote in the previous review.
Dude cuts hair like Kobayashi eats hot dogs--fast and messy.
When it comes to barbers, speed and frugality is not necessarily a virtue.
Not the worst barber on the planet and the other barbers in this shop may be less frugal with their time + more careful with their client's hair, but I am not willing to return to find out in this lifetime.

It was ok. Will not be back.
Textured my hair so I kinda look bald up front, not cool.

LOVE IT!
These guys always take care of me and make me look good (not an easy task).

I needed a haircut and was at the Desert Ridge Mall, saw V's and thought I would try them out.
For me, my haircut was perfect and the hot towel & massage were added bonuses.
This is my new go to place.
If you are considering going to V's; at least give them a try.
the haircut I got was just perfect for me.
Follow up with a visit to Total Wine & More nearby.

Eduard and Nissan are absolutely great guys.
I have been going to V's for four years now and I have always walked away happy with my cut.
Both gentlemen are great at what they do, very personable and I really cannot say enough about how much I look forward to going to V's to get cleaned up.
Both gentlemen are consistent with their approach: prep, cut, clean up with the straight razor (oh man I love that touch) and then the hot towel wrap followed by a scalp massage.
Sadly what they do so well is becoming a lost art, but I am glad to be able to have a place to go once every few weeks where I feel like I am experiencing some of the simple luxuries without breaking the bank.

Sucks, seemed like a regular haircut place dressed up like a barber.
Nothing personal about it like a neighborhood barber would offer.

I have used V's in Chandlr but this one is close to my office so decided to try it.
First I must admit that my hair is difficult to cut well.
That said, the haircut I just recieved is the worst I have had in decades.
I should have guessed the outcome.
The barber's smock was wrinkled and generally not professional looking.
There was a pile of used towels lying on his sink.
Then he agued with me that he just cut what I told him.
Not comfortable going iut in public with this look but I will have to endure it while it grows out.

I think this place is ok in general.
Unfortunately I had the worst haircut of my life a few weeks ago by one of their barbers, don't know his name (bald guy, I think he may be the owner).
For $21 he cut my hair in record time, probably about 3-4 minutes, you can tell he is all about high turnover.
It didn't look too bad at the time so I left, got home and realized he left an entire strip on the back of my head that was easily over an inch longer than the rest (i had him taper with clippers using a 3 blade).
Additionally I had multiple spots all over my head where his clippers failed to cut, it was really bad.
Most good barbers will do more that one pass with the clippers to make sure they get everything, he was one and done.
I have had haircuts by him in the past but usually try to avoid him because he is careless and I always feel rushed.
Because of this I will be going elsewhere.
There are a few decent barbers here though that's why I gave it 2 stars.

This is a great barbershop.Try them you will  not be dissappointed.
Quality haircuts with great service.

I've been to Vs several times so that I could give them a fair chance.
Each time I have found my experience to be lacking.
The haircut was decent, not what you expect from a Barber I said to take off an inch they took off 2.
The customer service was atrocious.
I've been to many different barber shops and expect a high level of service.
I expect the barber to try and make small talk with me even if its just asking what I do for a living.
Not only did the barbers not try, but they were rude and would speak in Russian to each other rather than interact with me.
If your going to a barbershop.
I recommend Gio's at 64th street and Bell or there is a shop at Tatum and Cave Creek that is great as well.

