I'm not reviewing the entire park, but the dog park section.
Do my dogs love this place, no.
Do I wish they did?
Yes.
It's a really cool place, albeit very tiny.
It's split into two portions, one for larger dogs and one for small dogs.
The small dog section is anorexic, which to be quite honest, I don't care about because the beasts aren't tiny.
The larger dog section isn't huge but it has some perks.
It's got covered areas, dirt areas, and grassy areas.
It also has agility type equipment.
Want your dog to jump on a see-saw?
Got it.
It does have fountains which is nice.
Like I said it is small.
Find a day or time when the park is less busy or otherwise it gets crowded.

Health nut or not go check it out .
There's not another place in all the kingdom that's better....well this local kingdom, anyway!
It's got a lot to offer and is very clean, safe and well run with professional staff readily willing to offer a hand or lend an ear if needed.
Even though there is a lot to do on the inside, the outdoors is also very welcoming.
Check their loaded schedule and they'll fit you in.
Overall it's a great value, don't miss out!

I love this place !!
Clean and neat with well maintained equipment.To me the gym at Foothills Recreation is a screaming deal.
I have commitment issues when it comes to gyms so this is the perfect set up.
For a low charge daily charge  or a member ship or a punch card  you can choose how you want to use their service.
I love their clean cool running track.
You can run in circles until the cows come home with extra fans blowing and watching the bballers shoot the hoops  below !
Perfect for exercising and beating the heat.
They also have great free weights, Nautilus machines, running, biking elliptical and towing machines in well maintained condition.
Easy in Easy out !
thanks City of Glendale for making it so darn simple.

Nice place to work out.
Friendly staff nice environment.

pretty cool place.
kind of annoyed that we were told they'd lower the hoop for my 6 year old son, then when we got there they said they couldn't do it.
Overall, still a cool place though.

Summertime got you down?
Need a place to cool off?
Then head on up to the Foothills Recreation and Aquatics Center.
Sure, you'll pay a dollar or two more if you're not a Glendale resident, but its still far cheaper than the commercial waterparks.
Once you get there, grab a tube and float around the lazy river, slide down one of two water slides, squirt someone with water, swim in the lap pool, or jump off the diving boards.
With plenty of lifeguards and lots of room in the pool and on the deck, this is a great way to cool off from the Arizona sun.
Family friendly and affordable - Highly recommended!

Sure there water slide and play area is not as big as the other bigger places but the lines are shorter and you get much more bang for the buck.
All in all a great time at a great cost!!

