I really enjoy Panera.
In fact, I have to stop myself from eating here all the time, especially when it is cold out and I crave soup.
I'm a big fan of their French Onion Soup.
It is very flavorful and always seems to have just the right amount of onions.
I recommend you get it in a bread bowl, but if you get it to go double check that they have included all of the accouterments (bread bowl, croutons, cheese).
On a couple, very sad occasions they have forgotten either one or the other in my to-go bag.
The broccoli and cheese soup is also very good.
The salads are really good with very unique combinations that are a nice change from the normal things you can get for similar prices at Applebee's or Ruby Tuesday.
Their sandwiches are also very nice, but the Panini is a bit on the smallish side.
Oh!
The bagels, especially the Asiago cheese, are great!
You can even got a dozen to go with schmear  for your work staff meetings.
The chai tea is yummy - way better than Starbucks.
As a bonus, Panera offers free wi-fi.
I've done some writing in here on my laptop, and even though the jazz music was a bit loud for my taste, the free wireless more than made up for it.
My only major complaint (besides them forgetting my blasted croutons) is that this location never seems to have enough registers open and the line very quickly becomes annoying, especially when people can't figure out what they want.

If you want a quick meal that's much healthier than the fast food restaurants in the area, Panera's the way to go.
Delicious paninis and great soups (even greater in a bread bowl) for super cheap.
And free wi-fi.
Thank you for opening a Panera in my area.
Wow, that rhymed.

This place is super!
The tasty bread and soup always cures my hangovers!!

hungry for a lite dinner last night so opted for the asagio roast beef sandwich.
it's medium rare roast beef (no gristle or those yucky "stringy" pieces) topped with your choice of toppings, but what made it so good was the horseradish sauce and the cheesy bread that had a hint of sourdough in it.
got it with a pickle and kettle chips and fresh lemonade.
they have a new almond chicken salad sandwich on their menu where you can get creamy tomato soup to accompany it.
that's my next conquest.
all in all, clean place, fresh bread that didn't bust my wallet.
while it's certainly not gourmet, i had to give it 5 stars for the simple food put out.
try it when you're in the area.
lake mead between tenaya and the I-95.
ps saw they also are open for b-fast, including roasted coffee and bagel schmears.
ps they also offer wi-fi.

Yesterday I got my dimples pierced at Kat Like Us, and I need to eat soft foods and a basically liquid diet.
I decided a good soup would hit the spot.
After moving here from L.A., I didn't think there was a Panera here.
Thanks to Yelp, I found one only 12 miles from my house.
A cheddar broccoli bread bowl hit the spot!
Of course I paired it with a ice cold, Jones cream soda.
The service was friendly, the place was clean, and food came fast.
I love this place.
Once I can eat regular food again, I can't wait to go back for the 1/2 sandwich and soup for $6.95.
Also the bread itself looked sooooo good, and I know its great from previous tastings.
Can't go wrong here for a quick, healthy meal.

Maybe this even deserved just one star.
The bread's are just a bit better than mediocre and the sandwiches are, well, sandwiches

Came here for lunch and to do some Studying & Work.
A friend of mine highly recommended this place because of the relaxed atmosphere and FREE Wifi.
I've passed it 100's of times and have never been here.
This was my first visit.
Since it was lunchtime, I was hungry and ordered the Italian Combo Sandwich with Kettle Chips & a Bottle of Water.
The menu is simple and you don't get to pick the toppings of your Sandwich....so that was a bummer to me....I like to select my toppings.
Oh well, no big deal.
On a positive note....they post the # of calories for each menu item....that was helpful....1,040 calories for my Sandwich + 180 Calories for the Chips....I was at 1,220 for the meal...not bad.
The place is a Bakery and had a ton of fresh Bread & Pastries....all very tempting, but I didn't want to pass out from food coma....I had to get some work and homework done.
I settled into a small table and setup the wireless on my laptop while I waited for my food.
It didn't take long and the food was ready.
I dove into the Sandwich....the Bread was pretty good and the proportion of Meat and toppings was good too.
It was good, but not great.
After lunch I moved over to a plush chair in the corner and got to work....got some work done and hung out for a couple of hours.
It was very comfortable.
Will I return?
I think I found a new place to add to my FREE Wifi work rotation....of course!

Always a wonderful quick meal.
I had the new beef chili, which was very good.
Small bowl was just enough for lunch with some chips.
The service here is always excellent.
The free wifi is a bonus.

Went here the other day with my mom and sisters after a long day post-Christmas shopping.
It was not busy and the service was fast and they were pleasant.
My family is quite difficult/picky when ordering and they handled that well (bless their hearts).
It is a tad expensive for something that's not a sit down restaurant but the quality of food is worth the extra money I think.
I had just a bowl of broccli cheddar soup since they have limited veggie options.
The sandwiches looked small but I guess paninis are not supposed to be super big?
I don't know.
Their bakery section does have AWESOME goodies and with free wifi how could you go wrong?
This is a good spot for a quick bite to eat or to spend some time reading/doing homework!

We went here last weekend after working out.
I've been to Panera before and have always liked it, but had not been in probably over a year.
There food is fresh and relatively healthy, so I'm not sure why I don't come for often.
Anyway, we passed it on our walk home from the gym and decided to stop in for a bite to eat.
We split a Thai Chopped Chicken Salad and a Napa Almond Chicken Salad Sandwich.
I really liked the fact that they had the calories posted.
Especially since we'd just got done working out and I was more calorie-conscious than usual.
Many of the items sounded delicious so I was able to narrow down my choice in part by looking at the calories.
The salad was big and fresh.
The dressing wasn't my favorite ever, but it was okay.
I did really like that the salad had edamame which was an interesting twist.
The sandwich was pretty good.
It was chocked full of chicken, grapes and almonds.
It was moist without being drowned in mayo.
Panera has really good, fresh salads and sandwiches.
They're better than most chain sandwich places.
Not sure why I don't go here more often.
Maybe I'll start.

I love Panera and this was one of the better restaurants.
The staff even brings the food to you, which makes it a great place to set up shop and work for a while.
Unfortunately, I didn't see any booths with outlets.
I also didn't look very closely as I wanted to leave when my battery died on my computer.
Also, cupcakery is in the same parking lot if you want sweets on the way out.
Next time!

Great service, great food, great location, need I say more?

This place is a regular morning stop in Vegas and I've yet to find something here that I don't like.
The chocolate croissants, the quiches and the apple chicken salad are fantastic.
So is the tomato soup at lunch.

the staff: I always end up bonding with the cashiers, usually because something awkward happens and we have to discuss it or it's just no fun.
I never remember their names, but I always recognize their faces.
Our conversations are never normal; we probably make the costumers waiting in line fairly uncomfortable.
a It's always a good laugh at the cashiers stand.
the goods: Everything always tastes so fresh.
I usually get the "you pick 2".
Usually variations of soup and salad/soup and sandwich.
I have my set items that I get, but occasionally I'll try a new market sandwich.
Can't lose with a soup.
Broccoli Cheddar, French Onion, Chicken Tortilla: they're all very filling and tasty.
And I really like their Greek salad with grilled chicken.
Invest in a Panera card and enjoy a free pastry from time to time, definitely worth it.
the atmosphere: Very work comfortable.
I like the cafe style decor and dining set up.
Booths are the best, but I don't mind the tables.
Table service is convenient, MAKE SURE TO LEAVE A TIP (it's just nice :D).
The first time I walked into Panera I walked right back out.
It confused me, I thought I was in some mom & pop bread shop.
I didn't understand the cafe service; I'd only ever done sit down dining or fast food.
Anyway, moving past that embarrassing fact, I love going to this place.
I never go to work on my laptop, I just really enjoy the food and the peace.
It's a great place to have a bite with friends and loiter for a bit.
I've never had any problems with the staff or the food.
Sometimes they forget to take out the tomato from my sandwich, but I am more than capable of doing it myself.
They're quick to accommodate, very customer service oriented.
And they start to recognize regulars, so you feel more and more welcome each time you go.
5 stars every time.

My favorite thing about Panera is that you get to sit for as long as you want, and there's no pressure to get out.
This location is always clean, and the staff has always been polite.
The prices are what keep me from going to the 5 star mark, but even as I write I recognize that the quality of food is excellent.
But...can't bring myself to go for the 5.

I love the staff here!
They are always so nice and process your order quickly!
I love all of their salads especially the chicken caesar.
The bonus is the free wifi so I can catch up on my work while enjoying lunch.
This is hands down my favorite lunch spot!

I love this place!
Everything is FRESH!
I want to eat there at least once a week....the salads are awesome!
The chicken panini FANTASTIC The brownies...better than home made!

Quick bite before putt putt with the family and the food/atmosphere is cool.
Customer service was good, but the prices of some of the sandwhiches can be relatively high.

fav is the Cuban sandwich and French onion soup.. husband fav is well everything.... always gets the broccoli soup with whatever sandwich he orders though!!

I love their cookies.
Fresh baked and $0.99 with a meal.
Or with coffee.
I just go here for cookies and free wifi

Geat healthy food served quickly which is great if you are on a quick break or limited on time.
A little expensive but it's hard to find delicious and healthy food these days, especially when its quick.
Great alternative to fast food if you are on a diet or simply just trying to be healthy.
Employees are also friendly and keep the place very clean.
Deducted one star because its a little expensive and they served me expired cream cheese once.
However, the manager was apoligetic when it was brought to his attention and gave us a coupon for a free meal next time we came.

Am I the last person in the Northern Hemisphere to hear about this joint?
Jim Cramer from CNBC was talking about the stock price, I casually ask wifee " Have you heard of Panera?
"   "Hahahaha ...dummy" was her less than polite response.
So I seek out Panera Bread.
On W.Lake Mead & Rainbow it's easy to find.
I've driven by about 50000 times but today I stop in.
Very busy parking lot needs a few drive arounds to find a spot.
Once inside it's PACKED!
Every table & booth is full.
Lots of super nice helpful staff.
I order a Chicken Cuban panini and a soda.
I'm offered a side of chips, apple or bread.
I choose apple, it's actually an apple , real not slices in a packet.
Excellent .
I wait about 2 minutes and the sandwich is ready.
Simply fantastic, tasty, hot melted cheese on ham & chicken.
I think a top 10 sandwich of all time in my lifetime.
Cost almost $11 for sandwich & soda but worth it.
Parking aside, a class act.

This particular Panera is a staple in my life - which I honestly don't care to make a major corporate, chain-run restaurant my place to run to on rainy days, when I have a cold, or when I just need a bowl of soup or a healthy salad to start my day.
But it is.
It's been not only that but a place of longing that various co-workers have agreed that when we hear some Chet Baker or otherwise lounge-jazz music that we'd "rather be at Panera.
"  It's reliable, the food is always good, and I always know what to expect.
That said - for those who aren't in the know of Panera, get out from under your rock and get in the 'know!
Panera is a light lunch/breakfast eatery that offers a bakery with morning bites, with jazz music floating throughout.
It's a hit with all ages, offering free wi-fi, and its very popular with everyone from children to seniors.
They have a you pick two deal which allows you to mix and match a variety of things from the whole soup/salad/sandwich/etc so you can get a pretty sweet combo for just six-ish bucks.
You typically have kids working there who remember your name, your preferences (One girl would give me a free cookie if I always wore one piece of Nintendo gear so I ended up with a lot of free cookies!
)  My only complaint with this particular location is that the upholstery, carpetry, and the door handle and a few things here and there needs an upgrade.
They're worn and their age is showing as opposed to a few years ago when they looked brand spanking new.
A major warning that I have as far as just "dropping into" this place is to make SURE that you are not coming on a soccer afternoon!
See that field across of Rainbow?
Chances are that a lot of the players are going to flood Panera as soon as their game lets out and not only is going to grind service to a halt, but you may be finding that a good chunk of the menu is now depleted.
The upside to this is that there are other very good restaurants in this place about twenty feet away: Viet Bistro, Market Grille Cafe, and Chipotle.
My particular favorite dishes?
I adore the Chicken/Rice soup, Chicken Almond Salad Sandwich, and the Thai Chopped Chicken salad are among my favorites.
Keep in mind that the soups change from day to day and that certain non-creme based soups do not do well in their delicious sourdough bread bowls.

Great food and good service.
Very good coffee and excellent atmosphere.
I really love Panera bread.
Great pastry's and best macaroni and cheese ever.

Execelent and nutritional quick bite , try the Greek salad !
Good price

Love the fact everything is fresh but things run out fast.
sigh.
The price is good for fresh and some organic things.

I love going here with the family, the option for fruit as a side instead of chips is refreshing, i'm tired of fast food burgers and fries all the time.
I also love that whenever you get a combo they will throw in any bakery item for .99!
Their cookies are HUGE and delish, brownies..mmm...yes please!
enough said  As for the food I always get the half sandwich and half salad combo, their classic salad is SO DELICIOUS I can never get enough.
I always get a different sandwich when I go and their Smokehouse Turkey Panini is very good but I was more impressed with the Smoked Turkey Breast Sandwich & the Napa Almond Chicken Salad sandwich.
The only soup we have tried is the french onion and its always yummy.

I really liked this place.
I would've never thought of eating here but I was in the area and thought I'd stop by to see what all the hype was about.
I love love love the atmosphere here: great seating areas,clean, friendly, and fast.
Food was also good--not great but four stars will do.
I got the tomato mozzarella panini and my bf got the steak and white cheddar.
The only complaint I have is that the bread was a little bit on the hard side--they overtoasted it, and the price seemed a little high.
But we both enjoyed our sandwiches.
Definitely worth coming back for.

Everything's good.

Great Food as usual, but the exceptional service sent it 5 stars all the way.
I've been to plenty of Panera Breads and this one by far the friendliest and most courteous one.
It was around lunchtime and the place was packed.
An employee brought us our food and rather than drop it off and leave like normal, she asks if there's anything we need, and just let her know later if we need anything.
WOW.
Unexpected and appreciated.
The food was top notch like always.
Frontega Chicken and French Onion Soup.
Kudos PB Kudos

Not horrible but not exactly impressed.
We bought two sandwiches two cups of soup and chips.
Total was $21.
The sandwiches were only half sandwiches.
The cups were small and my chicken noodle ingredients were weak and lacking.
The ingredients were gone in three bites leaving a weak and watery broth.
My GF ordered tomato soup and said it was average but nothing special.
I took a taste and had to agree but I'm not a tomato soup fan.
Our half sandwiches were good but we both desperately wanted our missing halves.
It came with some kettle chips that were very good and its a shame that I believe the bagged and processed chips were the best part of our meal.
We both looked at each other at the end of the meal and said do you want to go get dinner now?
The staff was pleasant and accommodating but I did see the delivery team walking back past dirty tables and not stopping to clear them so maybe they arent motivated to keep things clean?
Makes me worried about how clean the kitchen maybe.
If you aren't hungry and like to get average food for 4star prices this is the place for you!

This is place is amazing.
Great food!
Great service!
Not too prices and its good for breakfast or lunch.

Panera has been a favourite of mine since grad school days back east.
The menu is simple: soups, salads, sandwiches and baked goods.
You can get the "you pick 2" special, which nabs you a half sandwich and soup, a soup and salad, or a half sandwich and salad.
Calorie listings are posted next to the item on the overhead menu, either guilting you or tempting you in your food choices.
I came here with my parents, both of whom are very VERY picky eaters and not shy about asking lots of questions.
Thank you to the very nice and patient staff for not rolling their eyes!
:)  I've never had a problem with food or service in all the times I've visited a Panera location.
Free wifi only makes a visit more pleasant!

Great place for a quick lunch or breakfast.
The menu is pretty basic but it has some twists...it's sandwiches, salads and soups and pastries, breads, etc.
Right now I'm into their turkey cranberry panini, and I love most of their salads and panini options.
They have vegetarian options, and the calorie counts are posted on the menu, which I love.

Finally got to try Panera Bread at their new Boca Park location.
I got a sandwich and cookie and it was yummy.
The staff is really nice and cute.

I love this place.
Their soups, salads, sandwiches all taste delicious...you can't go wrong.
I always get the "Pick 2 combo" and it costs $7.99.
You can choose any 2 items from the lists of sandwiches, salads or soup and it comes with a choice of chips or fruit (i think?).
Soup and sandwich is the way to go.
NOTE: It CAN get crowded/busy during weekday lunch hours.
So plan accordingly if you a pressed for time.
Also, parking can suck.
It's a pretty good sized parking lot but with all the other restaurants and stores in this plaza, it can fill up pretty quick.

Panera is always good for their U-Pick-2 option, as well as their bakery choices.
I usually go for salad and soup with tonight's choice for dinner being their Power Spinach salad and Bistro Onion soup--the combo looked good on the giant picture behind the cash registers.
The first thing I noticed when I walked in, though, was the red velvet cookies--hmmm, those are new.
And, as you can see, sugar plays such an important role in my diet that I'm drawn to the baked goods first.
Armed with my Panera Rewards card, I had the salad, soup, a small fountain drink and said red velvet cookie, all for $9.66 (I got $2 off the meal because I had rewards on my card)--not bad, dude.
If I can spend $10 or less on a decent dinner, I'm a happy camper.

I was dragged here because my fiancé loves this place and it was her birthday.
Classy right?
Well, our first mistake was going during the peak of lunch hour.
The line was out the door.
But to our surprise, the line moved quickly.
Also we had no trouble finding a table.
After about fifteen minutes we noticed that people that came after us were well into their meals, so we notified the manager.
She was very apologetic and we received our food hot and fresh in minutes.
She also refunded the full price of our meals and offered free pastries.
The food was great and because of wonderful customer service, I'll be dragged back.

Nice curb appeal.
Inside atmosphere very nice.
Menu great variety cookies, bagels, breads, sandwiches,  & salads & more.
Ordered a turkey bravo sandwich, looks fresh,  taste good, I will be back to try other sandwichs.

Love This place.

Their food is good.
Their customer service is outstanding.
CS is a lost art form these days so I always appreciate a good employee.

PB is one of my favorite lunch stops!
it's near my work, yummy veg options, veggie minestrone soup, bagels, pasta, salads, grilled cheeses.
I recommend getting a Panera rewards card so you rack up those points and use it for free drinks or pastries.
Also- call ahead to place your lunch order and have it ready usually within 10 minutes.
Walk in and leave in no time.
No wait!
My big pet peeve here.
Some may laugh, but this is a big visual peeve that we maintain and keep looking fresh throughout the day at my company.
Please, please take that extra minute and have someone clean your entrance/exit doors.
If I walk up to a visual multitude of sweaty palm prints, smeared fingers, and god knows what else.... am I really going to feel a sense of cleanliness towards my food prep?
This is huge.
Appearances are JUST as important as the food being prepared.
I know I am not alone in being a regular lunch mate to this location.

Yum city.
the mac n cheese is delicious, the price however is not.

I've had nothing but pleasant service at this location.
They have never messed up my order, and it's usually served within no time.
My only issue is the food.
I'm not a fan of Panera Bread truly.
Their bread rarely tastes fresh or good, for that matter... nor are their servings a good size.
What I mean by serving size is the amount of goods they put in their sandwiches.
I added tuna to my salad today and it was a small amount.
When I add avocado to my sandwiches, it's a small amount.
The price point is decent so I continue coming here but if I had better choices in the area, I'd might opt for something else.

This is a great spot to pick up lunch.
A newer location opened up closer to my home but I just feel comfy and familiar at this PB.
Being a bakery and cafe, they offer lunch and breakfast.
They have some tasty options when it comes to breakfast you can choose from bagels, pastries, souffles, breakfast sandwiches and fresh baked bread.
It wouldn't be breakfast if coffee wasn't offered so they do have a nice variety of options for that too.
The lunch menu is my favorite.
I love that they introduce new salads & sandwiches, but also love that they bring back old seasonal favorites.
The "You Pick 2" option is great.
I love that I can switch it up between soup, salad, and sandwiches.
I have eaten inside this location a couple times, but usually just phone my order in and pick it up.
They have a program called "My Panera" that you should look into if you plan on eating here more then once.
You can earn free food and other cool stuff.
I am able to log in online and check the status of my rewards.
Please note that currently if you have a freebie and don't use it for 60 days that it will expire.
This last visit I saw a sign that they offer catering.
I never thought of PB for catering needs, but I bet it is a big hit at most offices.
My absolute favorite sandwich from PB is the "Roasted Turkey Artichoke Panini"and it really hit the spot last night it is so good!
I get the "Broccoli Cheddar Soup" and love dipping my panini into it.
Such a nice combo and a comforting meal no matter what time of year it is.
I'm glad we have PB!
This location is in a small strip mall with other popular places and the parking lot can be packed.
Patience is key!

I think of Panera Bread as comfort food for me.
The food here reminds me of food you'd get at a Bed & Breakfast.
Or, food your neighbor's cousin's sister's mom use to make when you were a kid.
The menu is basically sandwiches, soups, and salads.
But there's enough on the menu to satisfy almost everyone.
One thing about Panera Bread is that their food is always fresh and price is even better.
You can even getaway with a sandwich and soup for less than $10.
My order is usually the same...turkey something.
Either I'm getting a turkey in a panini or their smoked turkey sandwich.
Also don't be surprised if I get my turkey with extra meat.
The restaurant itself, along with their service, is always right on.
I tend to frequent Panera Breads that are located inside shopping malls, which tend to be smaller.
So you can imagine the shock when I walk into a freestanding or strip mall PB.
I had a great time on my last visit, more of those great times to come.
Smoked Turkey Sandwich:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=WGwW2AXJshax1cfizii7Dw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ  Chicken and Rice Soup:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Mg8e7YrdqoBW3DAnnLgAtA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

I really like Panera and this is a great location (minus the parking lot).
They have indoor/outdoor seating.
You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table.
The staff is really friendly and the food is awesome!
Great soups and sandwiches...and fab pastries!!
I am totally addicted to their orange scones!

Panera Bread has always been my go-to spot for soups and sandwiches.
Although this is not the location I usually go to, this is where I went today.
The last time I came in here it was extremely hot.
The AC was broken and it was over 100 outside so we left.
This time it was still hot, but not as bad as last time.
Should look into getting this fixed/lowering the temp.
I almost always get the same thing here.
A U-Pick-2 with cheddar broccoli soup, a plain tuna sandwich on a french baguette, and a side of bread.
Their cheddar broccoli soup is amazing!!
And the prices are fair.
I came in with my friend today.
Service was friendly, but both of our sandwich orders were wrong.
First they brought out my friend's sandwich and forgot to add avocado.
While they were fixing it, I looked at my receipt and didn't see "plain" anywhere, so I knew my order was going to be messed up (although the cashier did repeat back "plain" to me).
When my friend's sandwich was brought back out, the lady asked to see my receipt, took it with her, and returned back 5 minutes later with my food.
I am guessing they forgot about mine or lost the ticket.
My sandwich wasn't plain.
Maybe I should have double checked with her when she took my receipt and left with it, I don't know..
When we were headed out, the lady that took our order said "Thanks!!
"  It was pretty funny, my friend and I both mumbled "For getting both of our orders wrong.
"  Still a Panera fan, but this location needs some improvements.

Can't go wrong with Panera Bread.
The staff at this location are helpful.
The food is good, on this particular I ordered the chicken salad sandwich.
Normally spot on, it was just okay this time around.
It wasn't as good as usual but the customer service made up for it.
But as stated before in previous a review, the parking is bad.
It's the only thing that prevents me from going to this location more than I do

Everything about this place is amazing, from the food to the atmosphere and the staff.
Not sure if anyone cares about how a place actually treats their employees, but back in high school and early college this was one of my first jobs, and though it was a minimum wage job it is probably the best minimum wage job out there.
Staff and customers are always friendly and it really adds to the place.
I was happy working there.
(The only reason I left is because I eventually needed a better paying job to pay for school and living expenses.
)  The atmosphere is very relaxed and often I still return to study or meet up with friends.
Even when I fly around the country I somehow always end up at a panera bread because I know it will be yummy, relaxing, clean, and everyone will be friendly.
The food is also consistently great.
The salads, breads, and coffees are my absolute favorites.
The bread and pastries are made fresh everyday and what is not bought by the end of the night is donated.
Great place, especially if you are looking for some R&R or a nice place to study.

Panera is Panera no matter where you go, so I am sure they all have the same tasting food and drinks.
I am a huge fan of the quiche and I came here for breakfast while on a business trip.
One made this an enjoyable experience was the young lady that took my order was the most pleasant person I dealt with all week.
She was helpful and friendly.
Things like this make Panera a great go to place for breakfast.

I love Panera Bread!
Well, to be honest, I'm in love with bread in general.
In fact, my wife gives me a hard time about all of my bread consumption.
Nevertheless, this Panera bread is awesome.
My wife and I just opened up a new Eyebrow Threading salon here in the same shopping center so I've been frequenting this location quite a bit.
I had always heard of Panera bread from others in the past, but I honestly had never been.
Boy was I missing out.
They have delicious Panini's, great bread bowls, and although it might seem like a given, they have great bread.
The staff is great and we have a couple employees that come by our salon on occasion.
Also, this is a great place to get together with others to discuss business, study, or relax on quick break.
They provide free wi-fi that makes this better than stopping at any Starbucks (not to mention they have great coffee as well.
)  Anyways, the place is great and I'm glad I've got a location so close so I can stuff my face with bread until I need a nap.
Don't tell my wife though.

As is the case with every Panera I've ever visited, this place is absolutely awesome.
Great food, nice and clean and the customer service was so top-notch, it surprised me a little.
My only real gripes are the facts that they changed their chicken salad at sone point (ruined it, imho) and the bakery never ever has their "blondies" (the best pastry they ever carried) anymore.
Other than that, they never disappoint.
Panera=quality.
Simple as that.

I was working on a network tv show (which I told them when I placed my order) and I had to order lunch for the small cast and crew (11 orders) .
I begged them to make sure it was correct.
There wasn't even a difficult order (no substitutions) and due to union rules, there are only 30 min for lunch, so if they screw up, I don't have time to go back and fix it.
Nathan assured me it would all be ok.
I told him, please make sure because I will be FIRED from my job if there was mistakes.
(Due to the disaster from ordering lunch from a different place the day before).
When I got there, everything looked good, everyone's lunches seemed to be separated and bagged.
I paid and got in the car.
Ummm where are the two drinks I ordered?
Went back in, and oops,  we forgot...thank god I caught it,  I thought.
Now I have just enough time to get back to set.
When I got back, THREE lunches were missing and several were incomplete (missing soups).
I called to speak to the manager, she was nice and she felt bad, but she said " I'm not surprised that your order was screwed up because Nathan is really stupid".
Awesome.
So thank you panera bread, I have never been fired before- all because some of your employees are too stupid to handle 11 lunch orders.
And, no, it was to be picked up in the afternoon, well past actual lunchtime.
It was empty when I got there.

Save yourself the money and go to Cafe  Zupas up the street.
Eh.
So I have been to PB for years and it's just getting worse and worse.
Their broc cheddar soup is now watery and has no flavor.
Their tomato soup now tastes no better than a can of cambells.
I got the turkey avocado sandwich which was smashed to the height of a pop tart.
The turkey had weird chewy things too.
The brownie tastes like a grocery store brownie.
The girl at the counter was in a nasty mood too because her co worker asked her to get on the register to shorten the line.
Overall the best part of the meal was the bread...
So much for enjoying lunch.

The staff is soo friendly.
They actually bring the food to your table and take the plates away for you.. something I havent seen at any other branch...
I like panera food as a chain.. and this one is no different...

I've never been disappointed by the soup here and the Pick 2 lunch is a fabulous deal.
Love the option of a pastry for $.99 with your order too!

It's a everywhere and it's nothing unique but it's mostly fresh and they have mostly healthy options for mostly reasonable prices.
The half/half combos available for all their soups, salads, and sandwiches make this place a constant lunchtime stop for me.
The Fontana grilled cheese.
The tortellini  Alfredo pasta.
The Cesar.
All classics and all done fairly well here.
The negative: the sweeping.
Nearly every time I've been here someone has come by my table and started sweeping the carpet with a brush broom... Over and over and over.
Besides the dust that I'm sure it's putting into the air (and my food) it also makes a whole lot of noise and takes away from the meal.
Certainly not a completely unique adventure.
But fairly solid food for a quick eat place.

From San Diego, I visit Panera bread all the time.
This is my first time to Las Vegas in 14 years, and thought I'd check out this Panera.
It's an extremely busy day, with hundreds of soccer families storming the restaurants, including this one.
Although it is extremely busy, the food was served quickly, and very good, and the wait staff is especially on top of things.
Amy was quick to clean off the table for me and my family, and when she realized I needed a couple more chairs, she helped me locate vacant ones around the restaurant.
You could tell that she really cares about doing a good job.
Very attentive, with a nice smile, and a calm demeanor, especially considering how chaotic and busy it was.
This Panera bread is really on top of things, with people like her serving patrons.

This is one of my favorite places to eat at.
Whether I am grabbing dinner on my way home or spending a night out with my wife, I have always left the restaurant satisfied.
Panera has healthy food; the menus are clearly displayed behind the cash registers.
Furthermore, the calories are listed for each item.
After one receives their food, Panera has good accomodations--whether you are dining alone or with a group; there are booths, tables, large tables, and small booths.
The atmosphere is great; there is soft music in the background and the lighting is soft.
I have personally used Panera for means with family, friends, meetings, and personal gatherings.
The inviting atmosphere and ample room is also convenient if you are one looking for a good meal and a place to work.
The Wi-Fi makes it convenient to use a lap-top / notebook / iPad to do work in a new place.
Overall, I have visited this restaurant about many times in the past year and have no plans of stopping anytime soon!

It was my first time coming here in maybe 5 years?!
I don't Live on this side of town anymore but I was in the area.
I forgot how amazing this place is.
Everything looked good on the menu & it was so difficult to decide.
The pastries were mouth watering.
The staff is beyond friendly!
Can't wait to come back.
It's so relaxing :)

The Pesto tortellini was so super yummy.
I love that they have healthy options as well.
I really go to Panera bread for the dark roast coffee though.
They make it fresh and perfect every time.

Good for half soup, sandwich or salad deal.
iced green tea drink is my favorite.
French onion and turkey is yummy, and if your order a snack for 99 cent.

This place is next to my office and is convenient for me in the morning  to go get some steel cut oatmeal with fruit and pecans, a power sandwich or a nice quiche with some coffee.
The soup and salad lunch deal is great, service is swift and the reputation of its bakery is well known.
This Panera has a nice ambiance.
Parking lot is sometimes hard to find a spot in during the midday.
I like the rewards card as I always seem to be getting a benefit.
The free w-fi is definitely a plus, and the table layout gives you some privacy even when the place is packed.
Not for those on a low carb diet, but for everyone else a nice restaurant for a quick meal.

I absolutely love Panera!
The location is awesome, the service is great and the food is AMAZING!
I can't go without getting the Mac n Cheese!

The service was fast and good!
Also Good employee there to help you with the manu if your not sure what to order!
Well enjoyed :0)

I frequent this location and the one at Boca Park often.
After visiting both within the past couple of days I realized that I prefer this location over the other.
The crew Is the main reason for that.
They are awesome!!!!!
I like how they are genuinely nice and attentive =)  Cashiers are helpful & personable, food is fresh & served up quickly and the location is clean - the girls were constantly clearing dishes and wiping up tables.

This was the first time I've eve tried Panera and I was hoping for more.
I got a panini with pulled chicken and creamy tomato soup, my husband ordered a panini also ten realized on the receipt it said something different that what he ordered.
He went back to the counter and told the people the situation and they said it would be taken care of- no problem.
Well the sandwich he didn't order was delivered to the table.
We didn't press the issue because the sandwich looked good but still a bummer when he was expecting something different.
After our meal I went up to the counter and got a cookie.
I may have not been specific enough but they gave me the wrong kind.
When I took it back they switched it for me with no problem.
When we sat down at our table it had obviously not been cleaned for awhile.
We sat at the other end.
The food was ok, restaurant was not very clean feeling and the pastry section was sparse.
Nothing like I was expecting.
But we had a gift card and I left full.

Your run of the mill, chain food restaurant, where the prices are high and the quality of food is blerrggggggg.
Mind you, the whole add a pastry for 99 cents gimmick sure gets me going, their pastries here are usually pretty good if you get there early.
Most of the time I come in here I get the grilled cheese sandwich, there's nothing special about it, so don't go getting it unless you're getting some tomato soup to accompany it.
If you don't you'll be in for a world of dry cheesy hurt, bleck.

I've only been to this location and so far I think Panera is alright.
I do like how they have a nice selection for Veggies, but the prices and quality sometimes can be less then expected.
For one, in my opinion, the sandwiches are more bread than anything else, albeit good bread.
I would like better sides than bread, apples or chips.
Want more bread with your bread?
Service has always been great, tables always clean and to go boxes stocked.
Personally I love their black bean soup- the tomato and mozzarella sandwich is alright.
The only pastries I have had have been at the end of the day and kind of dry, but hey, my fault for getting them so late.

Great place for lunch!
Delicious menu choices for individual or a small group!
I've ordered take out for the office too!

Love this place!!
Too bad they don't have close by where we live in the North area.
But whenever we are on this side of town we come here!
The panini's are the best and the broccoli & cheddar soup is yummy!
The employees are also great and recommend the best food if you're not too sure of what to choose off the menu.

