Grade: C+  I was hoping for more considering what I paid.
Great service and a very nice looking place.

Terrific service, good quality food and very clean.
Best steak around for under $30.00.
Ignore the first reviewer, Patric T,  if you look over his 130 reviews I don't think he gives more than 3 stars to any meal that costs over $7.00.
DEFINITELY GO HERE,  SERVICE AND FOOD ARE TERRIFIC.

My wife and I popped in one afternoon for lunch....and were pleasantly surprised with the quality of food.
I had the BEST EVER salad...like ever!...it's called the Johnny's spinach salad and you can order it as a side with ur steak.
The wife ordered french onion soup and teriyaki salmon, both excellent!.
The steak was nice and juicy....and btw, don't forget to get ur steaks oscar style (whatever that means) simply because they come with the most amazing piece of crab-cake EVER!
One star off for adding 2 extra dollars on our bill.
I am sure they would have taken it off had we brought it to their notice....but we didn't want to make a scene.

Terrible service, average food and high prices...!
We went late one night with a reservation and it wasn't too crowded but it took forever for our waiter to come.
Then when he did come we asked for a specific type of wine and he had no idea if they had it and had to go and check.
It took a good 10 minutes for him to come back and say yes they did have it so we went with it and placed our order about 20 minutes after sitting and waiting hungry.
I had an odd goat cheese salad with flavorless breaded fryed goat cheese, 2 pieces of apples and lettuce that appeared to be the Dole bagged salad blend.
Nice iceburg and dried up shredded carrots.
My husband had the lasagnae which wasn't fully cooked.
Aunt had a decent chicken parmesan and uncle had a seafood dish that he enjoyed.
The absolute worst part though was where we were seated...  this place is big enough and all but we were sat right next to the kitchen door so the bright lights of the kitchen blinded me every 2 minutes when the waiters/waitress came in/out (but suprisingly never our waiter - who knows where he was!).
That wouldn't have been too bad but they kept yelling and screaming back there and dropping (or thowing - it was strange).
It was very difficult and I'm not sure I wanted to know what was going on back there.
I don't like to hear screaming coming from a kitchen!!

Pros for our visit: Prompt service on a Saturday night, décor, noise level allowed for conversation, check was correct.
Cons for our visit: Food quality uneven, No extra effort by staff, facilities.
The recent visit to this establishment (which my wife was looking forward to trying) resulted in a dinner that will be forgotten by next weekend.
The staff was mostly courteous to us and our party of three were seated almost immediately on a Saturday night.
The wait staff was attentive, but did nothing to extend themselves beyond what they expected to do.
Ex.
This place does not have a beer list and I was not in the mood for wine.
When questioned, the server was able to recite the available tap beers and indicated they had additional bottled beers.
"What was I interested in?
"  After 3 local beer choices they did not have on hand based on his memory of their selection, I got a Pepsi product.
The house salad was ok, but only one person at the table specified a dressing and both of us received the same dressing on our salads.
The Spinach Salad was ok - good and the accompanying bread was flavorful but had the soft consistency of cotton balls.
Our entrées were of mixed reviews as well.
Our friend enjoyed her Pesce Basilico (freshwater tilapia fillet).
My wife felt her Salmon Fiorintino tasted a bit off and was probably beyond the cooks ability to make the flavors turn out as a harmonious dish.
I chose a basic Chicken Parmigiano.
It was simply ok.
The chicken pounded into a schnitzel thickness, breaded and a bit over cooked, was very smothered in a marinara sauce with a slab of Mozzarella.
It's biggest downfall is too much of the toppings with no real Parmesan flavor.
The deserts were ok as well.
The small molten center Chocolate Cake was as described with an accompanying intense cinnamon ice cream; while the Grand Marnier Chocolate Mousse seemed to be made with Milk Chocolate instead of Dark Chocolate and came layered with whipped cream in a glass mug.
As for the physical establishment: We enjoyed the décor and appreciated the low enough noise level that allowed us to converse easily.
However both the ladies and gentlemen's facilities were not on the same level (out of soap, overflowing waste bins, dirty floors and non flushing fixtures are not acceptable at any time for a restaurant).
Of course all of these issues could have been resolved if we chose to make an issue out of them and forced the staff to do more than they had to or if we went out of our way to change the outcome.
I could have walked to the bar and made the bar tenders list the beers they did have until a suitable one was found.
We could have sent the incorrectly dressed salad back for another.
Repeatedly requested them to re-fill our water glasses and drinks; and there was more I could comment on, but we were out for the night with our friend and that was the important part.

Nice menu selection and friendly well trained staff make for a pleasant dining experience.

So I was in town for another training session with Epic a couple weeks (or last month) ago (finally getting to the review ... yes I am procrastinating .. avoiding studying for the Epic Certification.
)    The first night I had steak with shrimp stuffed with crab.
It was awesome.
I was very impressed.
The service was very quick, I never felt that I was missing anything.
(4 stars)  The second time I went there, I wasn't as impressed.
I took advantage of Restaurant Week.
Salad, Appetizer, steak and desert.
The food was still good, but the service was lacking.
I almost walked about, because it took any waiter that long to acknowledge me.
He wasn't present when he was at my table, I felt like an inconvenience ...
I wish I could say that it was because the place was very busy, but that wasn't the case.
I was very disappointed that my experience was that different from the night before.
(2 starts ... for a 3 star average.

Went here for dinner last night.
Service was excellent and the Filet Oscar was also great.
Ordered the calamari for appetizers and it was far too salty.. that was the only negative here.

So where do I start?
I guess....ok, we went to Johnny's Italian Steakhouse  with a couple of friends for dinner on New Years Eve.
Now at the time I had no idea this place was a chain but the menu looked good so we went and it was a quaint little place.
Immediately I noticed our waitress had no idea what she was doing and was not very skilled at her job.
Also the place was very dark and one thing that bothered me was the lack of pepper on the table.
(after asking a couple times they brought us out an old pepper shaker from the back that hardly worked as opposed to the ground pepper shakers that the other tables had)  We ordered our appetizers and they were actually quite good.
The calamari and the roma tomato salad had great flavor and hit the spot.
To add to the good night, the salads were good too!
But along came the entrees...ugh.
My steak was just "ok" at best with garlic mashed potatoes that were pre-made, hard, and old.
I also had shrimp stuffed with crab that came with my steak and...gross!
I was so not happy with my meal at all.
I wanted great and got...blah.
Now, the point that made this review a two star and not a three star is our waitress.
My wife is allergic to crab and ordered the Chanel No.
5 pasta.
One of our friends ordered a seafood pasta (that had crab) and the waitress could not tell the two apart when delivering them to us.
I am sorry but a screw up like that with a food allergy on a 7 month pregnant women would be quite big.
Luckily enough we searched through the meals and figured it out.
Overall, I did not like my food and will not be going back.

Excellent service and cozy interior.
The food was amazing.

Was in town for training session.
Restaurant had a nice atmosphere with dim atmospheric lighting.
We chose the brushcetta with shrimp for our complimentary appetizer.
Nicely toasted bread with cheese, tomato & onion, and topped with two half pieces of shrimp.
Was able to order a cranberry and soda as I wasn't drinking this nice, but could have used more ice and the soda was a little flat.
My dining partner enjoyed her dirty martini.
I ordered the sirloin steak medium rare and garlic mashed potatoes.
Potatoes were good as was steak.
My partner ordered the charbroiled rib eye medium.
She said it was cooked well.
The salad however looked like it had come straight out of the bag and the house dressing was rather blah.
Multiple wait staff seemed to be working with trainees tonight.
Restaurant got busy and the waitstaff left us alone for a bit to eat.
They did come back and ask us if we wanted refills on our drinks.
They did not have a problem with split checks.

Was on a business trip for work.
The company that operates this restaurant is based in the Midwest and do a great job with food and hotels.
I came in about 8pm and sat at the bar.
I asked the bartender about some local brews and was immediately sampled 3 or 4 'tastes' and found my favorite!
She knew her menus and products well.
I had the French Onion Soup and a Ribeye Steak with Bleu Cheese topping - Cooked perfectly and well flavored.
I'll be back!

Another EXCELLLENT dinner at Johnny's.
The FOOD , the waitstaff, the management were all SUPERIOR.
I have yet to have a bad experience here.
The Triple Play steak with the Sinatra side was perfection and the zucchini stick apps were delish!
The capper was the tiramisu.
ONE of the BEST in Madison!

Service was great.
No complaints there.
The appetizer of a shrimp cocktail was bland.
I had a seafood pasta which was alright.
The scallops were a bit over cooked probably because the pasta was hot and kept cooking it after it was sauteed.
Food was not really worth the price with all the aforementioned hiccups.

On a cold day with no rental car, Johnny's Italian Steakhouse sure came in handy when it was dinnertime.
Our large group of 20+ was expertly handled by Heather, and if you are sitting in her section you are in extremely good hands!
She managed to take care of our entire group with almost no help, and nailed every aspect of it.
Everyone got the right food, the right check, drinks refilled, you name it.
There was a ribeye special that night, and while I didn't do a great job taking the picture, it had a bunch of sauteed vegetables on top, with a very nice sauce on the bottom.
It came with a choice of side, but a loaded baked potato is the only REAL option.
Am I right, or am I right?
Coming back for sure!

I had asked a co-worker for a good steakhouse in the area and Johnny's was suggested highly.
Well, I was sorely disappointed with the food.
The service was okay.
The drunkin steak was over cooked(asked for med-rare, got medium).
The broccoli was slightly mushy.
The best thing about the plate was the garlic sauce under the steak and it made the steak edible.
I will not suggest Johnny's to anyone.

Going to Johnny's OK, it's like going to Olive Garden, Outback Steakhouse or any other dependable chain restaurant.
The food and service will be formulary.
It's a good place for a night when you are not into taking any risks, and just want a warm meal.

Absolutely amazing food.
I had shrimp minelli and that was the best fetuccini pasta i had in my life.
I have to say great service an very pleasant atmosphere.
5 stars and will definitely recommend it to anyone.

I am currently in Madison, WI for work and this was the closest steakhouse within walking distance of our hotel.
We read the reviews on this place and were kind of iffy on trying it due to the mixed reviews.
My sister and I, however, wanted to try something we didn't have in Virginia because we could have naturally gone to the PF Changs which was about a 2-3 block walk or we could have gone to Cheeseburger in Paradise on the opposite side but we said, "No, no.
We want to try something we haven't tried before.
"  We were very disappointed despite the smiles on our faces when our extremely efficient and nice waitress came by to ask how things were going.
I love getting bread at a restaurant and the bread that we were given tasted like it was frozen then baked.
A very...how you say, stretchy?
Consistency?
The olive oil concoction made one piece bearable.
We ordered calamari for our appetizer...sigh.
Big mistake.
There were only a few good pieces and the others felt like rubber bands in our mouths.
The marinara and cream sauce was good but I think I'm going to leave calamari to the coastal cities.
We were able to get a house salad with our choice of dressing.
I'm a stickler for good restaurant ranch so I was anticipating the salad very much so.
We got the salad and poured the ranch on top and took a huge bite...and...tasted...nothing...???
There was almost NO FLAVOR in the ranch!
HAHAHA.
It was the weirdest thing!
It was like, I don't even know how to describe it.
If you concentrated hard enough you could probably get the slightest taste of some herbs but other than that, nothing.
Then we ordered our petit Filet Mignon with sides.
This and the service was probably the only thing that prevented me from giving this place one star.
The filet mignon was cooked to my preference and the sides were good.
(How could you mess up steamed broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes?
) I will admit however, I've tasted much better filet mignon but it was still very good.
The decor itself was fantastic and the service impeccable.
The waitress always checked up on us and always made sure to ask how things were going (even though we lied somewhat).
A+ for service and decor.
D - - for food.
:( Sad day.

My boyfriend took me here during Restaurant Week this year and I have to say it was only an "ok" experience.
The atmosphere was nice and the service was good, but the the food was only ok despite the numerous rave reviews I have gotten.
We ordered martinis and the Betta Bruschetta, which were delicious.
However my Basilico Angel Hair was so garlicy I could barely eat it and the noodles were overdone.
I ended up eating most of the bread that was on the table instead.
We ordered the Grasshopper Bon Bon's for dessert and they were very good.
Overall, I was disappointed especially for the price.
There are much better steakhouse's like Ruth's Chris for the money.

First off, I LOVE Chef Rod on TV....so I had to see where all the wonderful foods were born and what a treat it was.
The decor is warm and welcoming and the staff is over the top from Tony that greeted us like family...yes, we had a reservation and I do recomend it, that place is busy!
to our waitress that knew all the specials and promply got us drinks.
I had the bruschetta last year at the Taste of Madison, so I went head first for that and was not dissapointed!
We also had crab stuff shrimp and the dill tilapia...both were huge portions and yummy!
The skillet potatos were wonderful, homey, and a great comfort food side dish.
The short of the eveing was, we had NO room for dessert and left with the best left overs for a tasty Sunday brunch at home the next day!

We had a very poor experience here.
We came here in the late afternoon (4pm) on a Saturday after a wedding where we did not eat.
They sat us in the bar section, where we were not greeted by our server but had him complaining while standing next to our table to another server who had 'stolen his table'  We wanted a drink, and I asked the server if they had any drink specials and he replied,'Umm let me check,' then left and did not return for another 5 minutes.
He did not have any drink specials when he got back.
He was unable to tell us the beers they had, and did not have a list.
We each ordered a steak, filet mignon for me and my partner got the NY strip.
They tasted OK, but were over done and covered in a thick gravy-like sauce.
Not what we expected from a steakhouse.

Ah....Sunday Brunch!
What a spread....the salads were fresh, the pasta tasty and the meats were incredible.
All along side the traditional eggs, french toast and custom omlettes.
I love the horsey sauce with the prime rib.
The dessert bar was SO crazy good....the creme brulee was SO good it called for seconds!
And the Bloody Marys ...were to die for!

- Wine selection: 3 stars - Wine sampling: 5 stars (more than just the regular 1sip-to-tease-you, you actually get a two mouthful sips tastes if you want to sample any wine by the glass) - Wine temperature: 2 stars (pinot noir was on the warm side) - on the table unfiltered olive oil in-house blended with herbs and garlic + plus top of the shelf Parmesan cheese (in Wisconsin, I knoooooow!!!!!!
): 5 stars (tip: ask for more bread, it's sinful!
) - stuffed pork chops - 4 stars - salad -2 stars (ask for 'dressing on the side) and still, it may give you heartburn - music level: bare minimum, great to cary on private conversation (or listen to the next table neighbor cell-phone conversation).

Yet ANOTHER wonderful experience at Johnny's.
CHEF ROD is THE BEST!
Heart of Italy Combination A combination of Chicken Parmigiano, Fettuccine Minelli and Parmesan crusted top sirloin char-broiled.
EXCELLENT!
( My steak had a little gristle running thru the center and CHEF made me an ENTIRE replacement dinner to take home with me.
) THANK YOU CHEF!

Nice atmosphere, friendly efficient staff.
No bread as the menu said.
Steak was so-so as was the shrimp.
Great garlic mashed but so what?
Average food, overpriced.

Really enjoyed the atmosphere/vibe/feel of the place.
Very comfortable, not too loud, and nice low level light.
I enjoyed the fresh bread.
It was warm & soft but there was no butter on the table, just olive oil which is fine by me but my wife kind of wanted butter.
House salad was just OK. Had a $2 up-charge for a Caesar salad that might have been worth it because the house didn't do much for me.
They have a decent wine selection.
Ordered a glass of Red Rock (I think that's what it was) Merlot that I really enjoyed.
It looked like the menu had MANY Martinis to pick from.
We all had pasta that we enjoyed so I really can't review any of the steaks... sorry.
I'd definitely try the place again.

Yes, I am upgrading my rating.
I am back in Madison for work.
I have had Johnny's for the last two nights for delivery to my hotel room.
I was very impressed with their steaks.
It was cooked it perfectly and the temperature was still very warm when I got them.
I splurged tonight and got desert.
The ice cream that came with the cake had not started to melt yet.
It probably has been the best delivery I have had in a long time, if ever.
Service was very fast and correct.
Food, awesome, service incredible.
Thanks for making eating in my hotel room an event not a task,

Best martini in Madison--cold, dry,with crisp, fresh olives.
Chicken Parmigiana is outstanding.
Lighting is a bit muted for easy reading of their menus, but wait staff is always professional with the proper level of attention.
The shrimp Frangelico salad is  a winner.
Interesting choice of sauces on their signature steak dishes.

We were there for a graduation celebration.
I was pleased with the service, the dishes and the appetizers.
The food was certainly above the average and the service was good.
I had Seafood Pasta Pomodoro and the flavor is pretty good.
I wouldn't say that it's "a generous portion of Mediterranean seafood including shrimp, mussels and scallops" as I only had one scallop in that plate.
:-)  Overall, it's a good place if you are seeking somewhere to celebrate your anniversary, parent's birthday, or just want to have a good Italian food.

Very much worth a return visit.
We had the veal Sinatra and the veal parmigiana, and reveled in them.
Lobster bisque and  asian salad were huge, and we wound up with three doggie boxes.
No dog, cat, nor even a gourmand iguana was likely to wrest any of them from us.
Justin, our server, was personable and fun amidst a bar full of loud, local high school reunionists.
Very satisfied.

We live in Janesville and we will drive a hour just to go here.
By far the best steak in the state.
You won't go anywhere else once you go here.

Once again, I find myself debating between 2- and 3-stars...
I work near this location, and we often visit with larger groups while celebrating events such as promotions, transfers, successes, and so on.
We usually land here at lunch - Johnny has some decent daily lunch specials, so be sure to check them out prior to ordering the usual fave'.
Note that you'll always receive a bread basket for the table, so keep that in mind if you're tempted to order an appetizer.
We usually order the calamari, which is quite often rubbery and over-breaded.
We also order the sausage bread, which features crumbled sausage, a few bits of onion and peppers, tomato sauce, and a pinch of cheese, all enveloped in a bread shell - similar to a stromboli.
It's not bad, but it will sit heavy in the 'ole belly.
The salads are huge; ask for dressing on the side.
The entrees are decent, and offer a good value during the lunch hour.
I've had the lobster mac and cheese (rich, but semi-tasteless), the sirloin and potatoes (not a bad dish), several salads (decent), and the burger (mediocre).
I've also sampled countless other dishes... there's nothing bad, but there's nothing outstanding.
I've heard the brunch is good - I'll have to give that a try some time.
Service is spotty; certain waitstaff are phenomenally great, others are ordinary, some are quite absent.
I suppose it all depends on the day, time, and luck-of-the-draw.
So... you can do a lot worse than Johnny's, but you could also do better.
If you're in the area, give it a try and share your experience here.
Johnny's Italian Steakhouse = MEH  Food = 2.75 stars Value = 3.25 stars (lunch menu) Service = 2.75 stars MISC = 3 stars (comfy steakhouse feel)

I was in Wisconsin for training and wanted a good steak!
So my coworkers and I decided to try this place.
We went on a Thursday night around 8 and the place was almost empty.
We got a nice booth at the bar.
The ambiance and feel of the place was nice.
I hate to be stereotypical, but it reminded me of a classic Italian restaurant.
And when I saw the picture of Frank Sinatra on the wall, I knew it was official.
:o)  To start we tried this fried potato and cheese goodness.
There were four of us so we split it four ways and it was MORE than enough.
How can one go wrong with potatoes and cheese???
I tried the smothered steak.
It was AMAZING!!
The steak was nice and tender and seasoned well.
My potatoes were delicious and mushrooms were amazing.
Everything was just darn good!
Our waitress was attentive and very friendly.
We had no problems with the service at all.
She even split our checks and she split the appetizer four ways!
We didn't even have to ask!
If I have to go back to Wisconsin I'll be back at Johnny's.
There is another steak I want to try!

I love the steak here so much.
I always get the filet with a side of their drunken sauce (which is amazing, though not so amazing for your waistline, if you care, which I don't).
Hands down, my favorite Caesar salad I've come across.
The dressing is fantastic.
And the bread basket -- delicious.
I've been here probably 15-20 times and have only had one bad experience with the steak, which was a bit undercooked.
Otherwise, I find it perfect.
I've also been here for brunch, and was't disappointed.
Great spread -- and a giant cinnamon roll brought to the table to share.
Service is good, atmosphere is usually nice and quiet.
All around, good stuff.

Don't eat there if you are alone.
Should have been better service, the room on the right was closed.
Really crappy service and dry fish.

Very average, will not be back, there's better food out there for less.

I'd go with 3.5 stars.
Went here a few times.
First time was so so, second time made up for it.
Bartender remembered me, and my order, was attentive and very friendly.
Decor was alright, food was good.
I would recommend.

It was my first time at Johnny's Steakhouse and I went with a date.
He suggested we go to Johnny's.
My first impression was that it had a very pleasant atmosphere.
The bread side was great and also came in a small portion, which is a good thing!
I got the Thursday special which was a Parmesan crusted sirloin served with garlic mashed potatoes.
It was DELICIOUS!
For a price of 10.50 I thought it was extremely inexpensive.
I was also trying to keep my dish on the lower end of the price spectrum since my date was paying!
I ordered it medium rare and it was at the perfect temperature.
The mash was great too.
Ask for our server, Julio.
He was very proper, attentive, and overall a great server.
I am excited to return to this place.

Yet another EXCELLENT dinner.
The Parmesan crusted filet was like BUTTAH.
I'm am addicted to the Heart of Italy combo.
Very good service and The zucchini strips were divine!
Chef Rod is Da BOMB!!

Disclaimer: This review has nothing to do with the dinner served at Johnny's.
I have had dinner here before, it's pretty good (albeit a bit overpriced).
But nothing deserving of 5 stars.
My review is for the Sunday brunch at Johnny's.
Oh my, wow!
$15 all you can eat buffet.. And that is a steal for the food that is offered.
There's a prime rib station, omelet station, waffle station, dessert bar, and numerous hot breakfast/lunch dishes which often vary from week to week.
There is also a fresh, GIANT, complimentary cinnamon bun brought to your table.
If this isn't enough to entice you, Johnny's offers BOTTOMLESS mimosa's for under $5!!!!!
I'm serious!
To top it off, I have never..
Ever had to wait to be seated for brunch at Johnny's.
Do yourself a favor and skip Granite City's overpriced, sub par brunch that you have to wait for an hour just to get a table.
Go to Johnny's instead!

My husband absolutely loved the veal that they serve here.
I had the Tortellini Portabello .
It was decent , but nothing out of this world.
The crusted goat cheese salad was very tasty.
The service was really good too.
Not a bad spot to go, just not top of the list.

Looking for a slightly upscale, perfect for a date night, somewhat lounge-y and yet romantic restaurant?
Look no further than Johnny's Italian Steakhouse.
I love a good steak house and this place is no exception, the menu is typical for a steak house but with an Italian flair.
Add in the Rat Pack influences: huge martini list, music, and artwork.
This place is just something really special.
I loved dinner here so much that I think I'll need to heed other reviewers advice and stop in for Sunday brunch next time!

My wife and I went here on a whim.
We both could have not been more satisfied with the food.
She had the salmon florin tine and I had the Parmesan crusted NY strip.
Both we're amazing.
Nice atmosphere.
Service was a tad slow, but good things take time.

Chef Rod runs a tight ship.
Great, high-quality food and service that doesn't disappoint.
I'm especially fond of their Sunday brunch spread - don't miss it ... especially on "special" events like Easter and Mother's Day.

We made reservations for for two on my birthday for 5:15pm on a Thursday.
We we got there, the place was pretty empty but by the time we left, business picked up pretty well and fast.
I would recommend making RSVP regardless of the day and time.
Now on to the important stuff.
Johnny's was by far the best restaurant I've eaten at in Wisconsin along with Flemings Steak House.
I know they are competitors but these places are just top of the line.
I ordered the steak and shrimp stuffed with crab and garlic mash potatoes.
The serving sizes are awesome!
For $30, you get a great deal of food including bottomless salad which was excellent and fresh bread with olive oil.
I do not know what kind of dressing they used for the salad but it was excellent and didn't overwhelm the salad.
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.
I am not a fan of crab and didn't want the stuff shrimp with crab but I am so happy I ordered it.
The crab was fresh and cooked perfectly.
They were basically mini crab cakes stuffed in between the shrimp and the tail.
It complimented the steak very well which was crusted itself.
I cannot say enough good things about Johnny's.
The kiwi martini was made to perfection, the music playing in background was soothing and it's a great spot for couples.
Do not take children.
It's meant for adults 18+.
Service was great.
Host was great.
Martini was great!
Plus I got a free ice cream for my birthday!
I will be back here.
Highly recommended.
Come we extra money however.
For me and my boyfriend, we spent $75 without tip but it was worth every penny.

Great food and perfect evening!
I love the Salmon Fiorintino, delicious every time and the portions are big, I had half of it for lunch the next day.
We also enjoyed the Zucchini fries....yummy!
Lovely ambiance for a date night or if you just need a night to kick back and enjoy some great food!

Solid steakhouse, but not special.
The goat cheese salad was very tasty, but I added steak to make it an entree salad....the steak was a bit tough.
That would not have been so bad,  but their idea of a steak knife was a giant butter knife....it simply could NOT cut the steak.
Asked for a "steak knife" thinking they had something sharper; got another glorified butter knife.
The lemon raspberry cake was delicious.

I walked in at 6:30 on a Saturday night and was seated promptly in the restaurant.
I can't say enough about the service.
Prompt, attentive and friendly.
I had the Filet Oscar which was phenomenal.
Creme brûlée was also very good.

Johnny's is located in West Madison in a newer section of town.
It is easy to find and there is plenty of parking.
The decor is beautiful, this would be a great date night spot.
The food is higher end Italan.
The salads they offer before your meal are goat cheese or ceasar, i think they also have the traditional salad as well.
I had a wonderful angel hair pasta with scallops, it was absolutely delicious.
The prices are average for the quality of food and i am a fan.
The service was also excellent.
This is a great spot and I will definatley return when i visit Madison again.

My boyfriend and I went to this restaurant for the first time on Easter Sunday and were impressed by the look of the place, it is elegant and neat.
I loved the idea of their tall booths to give some privacy to the customers.
I had one of their signature steaks called Deburgo, they were two steak medallions with a white creamy sauce, the meat was kind of chewy taking in consideration their specialty is the steaks, the sauce was bland, for the side I asked for a house salad, you know the basic one, lettuce, cherry tomatoes; however, the dressing was really good, tangy and sweet  my boyfriend had a steak called Oscar, he also found his meat chewy, the only thing he liked were the garlic mashed potatoes, I tried some and he was right, it  tasted nice and homemade.
To be honest, it didn't meet my expectations, I really hoped to have at least a wonderful piece of meat at a steakhouse.

Let me start with the dessert, which is super awesome.
However, the steak they serve may use some improvement.
I ordered the porterhouse steak which came as a huge, gigantic piece.
The inside is pink and juicy, but the steak as whole was not very well seasoned or salted.
The outer part of the steak tends to be hard and dry.
Overall I would give the Burlee 5-star and the steak 2.
BTW, the service is also 4.5-star so it is where my 3 is coming from.

We came to Johnny's to celebrate my Dad's retirement and I was very glad this place was nice enough to really fit the occasion.
We were seated in a half circle booth facing the bar which is dim with blue lighting for a sort of cool factor.
They had some easy listening jazz playing with a Frank Sinatra song here and there.
It all worked pleasantly together for a nice dinner.
I had their whiskey old fashioned sweet to go along with my meal and I thought it was very smooth.
We shared a family style salad and were able to try some great house bread in olive oil and pepper.
The bread had a nice salty crust that kept having me lean in for one more piece.
I selected the Veal Sinatra for my meal and was happy with my choice.
The veal had a nice seared crust and was topped with mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, shrimp, peppers and a cream sauce that was much thinner and lighter than an Alfredo.
The seasoned mixed vegetables were very tasty dipped in this sauce (so much for the healthy side!).
I think with the salad and bread this easily could be two meals, although I enjoyed it so much I just kept going.
We finished our celebration with their creme brulee and their chocolate cake.
I thought the cake was intended to be a molten cake because of its size and shape, yet there was no center but rather a little pool of chocolate at the top in a little indent.
This came with a scoop of caramel ice cream and a little whipped cream.
It was rich and tasty, but my favorite of the two was easily the creme brulee.
The caramelized top was so sweet and so crisp, I was trying to eat it slowly so I could savor it all before it was gone.
Overall I think this was a very nice dining occasion and if I lived in Madison I would surely come back to have dinner on their patio area in the summer.

This was my second visit, the place was packed and very understaffed !!
Waited about 20 minutes before my order was even taken then about another 30 for my food.
Waited 10 mins for a refill.
I ordered a soup with my meal , they charged me full price for my soup but never gave me the bread or salad that should of came with my meal.
If I had hours to waste I would have asked for it.
Not sure I would come back

Food was really good, but unfortunately had  disappointing service.
We waited an extensive time for drinks, our server forgot bread refills, and then it took 20 minutes until we got our checks - there was nothing about the service that was quick!
We were lucky & thankful that we didn't have anywhere to be after dinner, however the constant waiting was starting to get aggravating!
To put the icing on the the poor service cake, the server didn't know allergy information, and didn't ask about the allergy info from the bar as requested.
He then had to go BACK in (after taking forever for the drinks in the first place) to ask the question he was supposed to ask the first time!
Now for the good stuff - I had the Char Ribeye, and it was cooked to perfection.
The Caesar salad with anchovies was similarly fantastic.
The asparagus was cooked well, but not too much, and the martinis (dirty and with blu-cheese stuffed olives) were great.

So Good!

I'm from out of town and this was down the street from my brother's workplace, so we gave it a shot.
Both my bro and I are dairy free, he's allergic and I've become lactose intolerant as of this year.
Our server accommodated us graciously and we were very pleased with the choice we made.
Both of us had the same thing, 21 day aged filet mignon with asparagus, salad as a starter.
It was perfect!
The hostess noticed that we hadn't been waited on for awhile and found us a server right away, so I give the hosp staff a plus for being on their A game.
I've been in the industry for 10+ years, so I'm more than understanding of how those kinds of things happen.
All in all, great experience, swanky atmosphere, and awesome food.
Would bring a date here if I lived in the area.
Give it a try!

