Nathan's hot dogs outside of Coney Island is a different story than the original.
I stopped by for a dog yesterday and the most annoying thing happened.
You know when the bottom of the bun rips?
Yeah, both dogs had that problem which means that the buns we not so fresh.
I find the Nathan's across the street at NYNY to be much better on a previous trip.
But none comes close to the original location.

I've had Nathan's dogs at Coney Island and that was yonks ago.
I don't think I'll be going back out there anytime soon so in the meantime, these dogs will have to do.
We've come back here several times to get snacks whether it be an early or a late snack there is always a line at this location.
I guess if you're staying in the hotel then it just makes sense to go to this place.
I agree that the buns aren't so great and if the dogs were thicker it would be even better.
However, nothing comes close to the snap of the Nathan's hot dogs and even though most of the time I try to resist these dogs so I can eat somewhere else, I end up having a bite or two of the dog.
Their fries are seriously addictive, but I must say, it's damn expensive for what you get.
3.5 stars

This seems to be as close as I can get to an original Nathan's dog lately since it's been a while since I've been back out east.
Still, whenever I stay at the MGM, I tend to find myself here at least once scarfing down a dog.
Can't really complain too much about the food court stand.
Everything for the most part is cooked when you order it.
The fries and rings are always hot and crispy.
The Cheese-steaks are decent as well.
Still tastes a bit off from what I remember back east, however it still provides the same artery clogging affects.

Does anybody know what fries taste like?!
This place sucked ASS!!!
Before I go on, I like Weinershnietzel, Hot dog on a Stick and damn Costco dogs...I'm not a picky eater.
But this hot dog place SUCKED ASS!!!
I can't express this enough.
I ordered a chili cheese dog, w/ cheese fries and bacon.
I got a plain hot dog, a bacon hot dog, w/ cheese fries...
okay.
That's fine, it was probably a long night for them; the lady in front of us sweared she handed them a $20, and the cashier gave her  $1 in change, who knows the customer seemed shady herself...ANYWAYS....they corrected my order and now we're good again...
It tasted like they cooked the fries in a month old oil for 14 hours; the fries we're horrible!!
Let me remind you I'm not picky, it was just that bad!
The hot dog, the runny cheese even the bacon!
I thought I could just pick off the bacon but that too was apparently fried in the same vat.
So much for a quick bite to eat.
I've never been able to make myself throw up, and that day I WISHED I was bulimic.
Gross.

My wife and I got off the MGM Grand Monorail and decided to eat at the casino.
We didn't want to spend too much money, so we decided to check out the food court.
For me reason, I felt like Nathan's after we have eaten at the Venetian location the night before.
I ordered the 2 Nathan Hot Dogs and Fries for $9.99.
If you know how expensive this place is, you'd understand that this is actually a great deal.
For some odd reason, the hot dogs did not have that snap that I was used to.
I was also quite disappointed with the quality of fries; they were soggy.
The quality of the food is supposed to be consistent at all Nathan's chains.
The MGM Grand's location has failed that tremendously.
Oh well.
We'll see what happens when Nathan's reopens at New York New York.

Overrated.
Dogs were small and overpriced.
Also they used cheese whiz on the dogs.

Coming out of the MGM pool we decided to drop by and grab a dog.
This place was horrible.
It took almost 20 minutes to get three hot dogs and a fries (no that's not all for me...).
The buzzer thingies didn't even match the recipes!
While we were standing there, there was a couple that said they had been waiting for almost 30 minutes and one of the workers gave their food to someone else.
If I knew it took that long to get fast food, I woulda called ahead for reservations.

compared with the nathan's I had at the palms after the bjork show, this dog tasted like it had been cooked days before, maybe years - still, it's cheap for vegas and oh so tasty with beer.

I had the "famous" hot dog at the MGM and NYNY, they booth sucked ass.
We had coupons for free hot dogs and we supposedly got the normal "$6" hot dog, what the hell?
It tasted like shit free I can only imagine how mad I would have gotten if I had actually payed for that, slip it... it is NOT a cheap it for the strip, if you really want cheap and decently good hot dogs visit Bill's and go to the cart that is located at the Sports book.

This review is only on the philly cheese steak at Nathan's at the MGM Grand Food Court.
It was a good meal - sandwich, fries, and soft drink for about $11...
I was pretty darn hungry and could barely finish this meal.
You could probably split the meal with someone else, and still be very satisfied by paying $5 bucks for half of the sandwich.

I was in Las Vegas for a personal business trip and needed something quick, easy, and fast.
The MGM Grand food court offered four to five different places to eat and I chose Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs.
I ordered the Combo - two standard Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs, fries, and a drink.
It came out to almost $12....WOW....expensive for simple hot dogs, but it was decent filler food.
I actually thought the prices are actually reasonable due to the close proximity to the MGM Grand Convention Center and of course the area is a tourist trap.
Three stars is a decent rating for what I needed this restaurant for...maybe this review is more for the MGM Grand Food Court for the convenience to the convention attendees like myself.

I'd never eat here again.
The only reason I did in the first place is b/c I needed something fast in order to make the Ka show I was attending.
Like ppl have already said, it wasn't very fast and the dog itself was overcooked and the fries were soggy.
Why this place is "famous" is beyond me!

Bacon wrapped hot dog.
Yup.
Why you so expensive though?
$4 for a drink?
I'd rather compile, collect, and store my saliva in my left cheek and swallow every 10 minutes.

So this Nathan's is in the foodcourt at the MGM, which shares the space with a Panda Express-like Chinese food place, a McDonald's, and a Pizza place.
It's actually an interesting place for a foodcourt, considering Craftsteak and SeaBlue (by Michael Mina) are practically right next door.
I got the 2 hot dog and fries combo for $8.95.
The staff seemed friendly enough.
I didn't have any problems.
The hot dogs are just.
I guess you can say it's like how people go gaga over Pink's for no good reason because let's face it, Pink's isn't even really that good.
You go really only for the experience of eating at a Los Angeles institution.
I feel the same way with Nathan's.
It's such a historic New York tradition that when someone says "I want to go try Nathan's" not because it's THAT good, but because it's a cultural experience.
That's my two cents anyway.
I would however have to say that the hotdog skin has nice pop.
You know what I mean?
No?
Amateurs....
I probably wouldn't come back though.

I was drunk, I was hungry, and a dog sounded good.
it was alright.
I honestly can't imagine eating 68 of these things in a Competitive eating contest.
2 was enough.
*puke*

Nathan's hot dogs have a nice pop when you bite into them.
It was the best tasting thing i had all day partially because I hadn't eaten anything since i got off work and made the 7 drive from LA to Vegas during a Friday evening commute.
the fries were pretty terrible though, if i'm ever craving a NY Nathan's hot dog AND fries at the same time, i'd probably go to McD's next door for fries and Nathan's for the hot dog.
also, it was pretty pricey for a meal combo, about 12 bucks and that didnt even include a drink

so we decide to grab a bite before the NYE craziness...I get a bacon, cheese hotdog...it was like $6.95 just for the dog...OMG r u serious?
Totally not worth it...and the bf got the philly cheese steak and fries combo..it was totally dry and NG (not good)...we liked the environment at the MGM food court but Nathan's was a total bust here..not worth the $20+ we spent here...

We wanted something "light" for dinner.
With 5 fast food restaurants in the food court there wasn't a large selection to have a lighter meal.
So we had salads at Nathan's.
Given that Nathan's is a hot dog joint, the salads were surprisingly good and hit the spot.
The process is to order then they give you a buzzer for when your food is ready.
I guess it comes in handy if it gets really crowded but it wasn't so that seemed like a waste of time.
The bacon cheese fries were also good (OK, so I didn't entirely go light) but the bacon was overly smokey tasting.
Next time it will be cheese only.
Overall not a bad choice given the selection of restaurants in the food court.

No ice in the soda fountain.
Pizza took 20min to get; it cost $20 and was the same size and tasted like a $5 Little Caesar pizza.

Looking at other reviews, it looks like this Nathan's is unique in its grossness.
We went there for breakfast on our last day in Vegas as we didn't want to spend time going to another hotel.
The line at McDonald's was long and there was nobody at Nathan's.
Now I know why.
The express breakfast (which is the only breakfast option) is $8 or $9.
The food was horrible and greasy.
My wife was literally gagging trying to choke down her food and ended up just eating the soft, moist toast.
I'm a bigger eater than her, and even I was having trouble.
Just disgusting.
The food on my plane ride here was much better.
If  you're trying to decide between the two, go for McDonald's.

Decent hot dogs

Tasty?
Yes.
Over-priced?
WOW- by a ton!!!
Two of us ate hot dogs and salads for $40!
Way too much.

woke up late and i really want a quick breakfast and got a really bad service and equally lousy food at nathan's in the las vegas strip food court.
i have to say "i want 2 waffles" 4 times before the bilingual server got my order correctly.
my coffee didn't show up on my tray, and the bilingual cashier told me she didn't get the coffee order.
in my frustration i  went to starbucks accross the stall to get my fix instead of reordering nathan's coffee.
the food is equally bad.
the waffle is soggy, the bacon is hard, and the biscuit didn't come with butter or jam.
i should have gone to mcdonald's, 2 stalls away for half the price.

Too expensive here...  $9 for hot dog and fries?!
$12 for philly cheesesteak and fries.
Everything tastes good but nothing over the top great.

I think if I had to pick between overpriced Nathan's and overpriced Bonanno's, Bonanno's wins.
I couldn't go to McDonald's next door out of principle, but I was sorely tempted.

Over hyped and over priced!
$5.95+tax=$6.43 for a little teeny weeny chili dog?!
Come on its just a hotdog!
No wonder those hotdog eating contestants can eat so much of these!

I don't know what caused me to think of reviewing this place now.
I joined Yelp several months ago, and dined here back in what must have been September 2007.
I guess that fact is I still remember this experience vividly.
Ever stay at the MGM and have to spend an entire night vomiting in / sitting on the toilet in your hotel room?
Well, I have.
And the only thing I had to eat that day?
A hot dog and cheese fries from Nathan's at the MGM.
All food poisoning aside, the food still tasted like shit.
I don't see how anyone has ever eaten one of those hot dogs and thought "this tastes good!".
Those are probably the same people eating at a McDonald's every day, and the ones that build the hype machine around Nathan's annual 4th of July cattle call on Coney Island.
And the employees that worked here were FAR less than enthused about their career path.
Out of the group of six people I was with, I was the only one to eat at Nathan's.
The rest of the group, all five of them, got their food before me.
I think it had something to do with the cheese sauce they put on my fries, which unbeknownst to me at the time, would likely be the cause of my food poisoning later.
Anyway, if I worked here I would seriously contemplate self immolation or starting up a promising career in the drug game (Las Vegas is a great place for drugs, I hear).
I guess the one positive out of this is my friends get to tell the story of me running for a trash can in hotel room and vomiting into it in the hallway, as our bathroom was being occupied by a female at the time.
That and I didn't vomit on my flight back to St. Louis the next day.

Nothing spectacular.
I think I've made better hot dogs at home..

Open late when you gotta have one.

Need Food grab a dog.
Nothing fancy - nothing WOW .
hot dogs

Beware of the chicken cheese steak!
i should have known better than to order it since I am from Philly.
Awful, didnt ev en eat it and tossed it.
big huge gagging chunks of undercooked chicken.
Makes you gag.
absolutely terrible.
fries were excellent!
but was disaapointed to waste money on chicken cheesesteak, quite pricy.

I was desperately hungry.
I regret ordering the breakfast platter from this place.
For $15 I got:  A plate filled with eggs 2 pieces of bacon 1 biscuit Gravy 1 Hashbrown  They were all greasy and flavorless.

Hot dogs for breakfast???
HOT DOGS FOR BREAKFAST!!!
I hadn't eaten at a Nathan's since Coney Island in '06, so I was understandably nostalgic.
Grocery Nathan's on the grill taste delish, especially on sale, but it can't quite replicate the yum factor of getting the real thing.
Unfortunately, the Vegas version isn't close to the real thing either, especially since they don't offer the vaunted "onion sauce" that makes a New York dog a NEW YORK DOG.
(Don't worry, sauerkraut and dijon mustard still available)  $5 for a single hot dog is highway robbery; 2 for $10 gets you fries on the side.
Breakfast menu is available but you might as well get that at the MDonald's next door.

Not the typical Nathan's quality and ridiculously overpriced.
$28 for two people.
No thanks.

I have always wanted to try Nathan's hot dogs after watching them on TV......
Boy did I regret wasting my money here.
Super salty and ridiculously overpriced for 1 hotdog.
Would have been better off eating at McDonalds next door if you want something to eat.

The hotdog tastes pretty good.
Love their fried onion ring.

One of my favorite places at the food court at the MGM Grand.
This is fast food:  Nothing fancy and the people behind the counter don't give a shit about you so you have to speak up when you order.
That's really the bottom line.
I had the sausage, egg and cheese muffin two mornings in a row along with a hashbrown.
Other than trying to hustle drinks on you, I'd say this is a really good place to eat.
Your other choices are McDonald's (for the price conscience), or the pizza place.
I forgot the other place to the left of Nathan's.
This is a great place for breakfast.
However, looking at all the other reviews, you probably want to pass for all the other meals.

Large waffle, soft and not crispy, and an optional bacon side.
Simple fair and a slight step above Mc D's.
No real complaints here.
Only grab food from here if you're on a budget and if you are, why are you staying at MGM and gambling?
3 stars for decent food given that it is fast food.
Breakfast ends at 11 or so.
Seating is food court style.

update: recd a quick response from my yelp review that the addtl $2 charge was for chili and cheese on my fries which i did order, but not reflected on the receipt....thank you james/owner.
for the clarification.
reviewed this....ate at this place and was over charged.
when i checked my receipt to see why i paid $18 for tenders and fries and noticed the register calculated my check incorrectly.

Small and over cooked.
Not worth the money or the experience.

One of the girls in our group needed a quick bite and none of the restaurants were open so we grabbed a couple chili dogs and an order of chili fries to soak up the alcohol.
Our order was $30 and the most disgusting fast food I've ever had.
How does chili have NO flavor?
The dog was dry and flavorless.
The fries were soggy and again FLAVORLESS!!
I know they can get premium $'s in a hotel but at least sell a better product.
Nathan's is famous?
Really?
Must be a boardwalk thing - gross

I should have looked at the review stars before I ordered.
Horrible!
Cold mushy fries.
Waste of money and I ended up throwing them away.

$12 chicken sandwich and fries.
I felt like I'll wasted $12 on a snack that wasn't that great.
Why can't In N Out be inside the casinos?

Got the scrambled eggs breakfast with added sausage and it beat expectations for $8  Large amount of scrambled eggs, two decent sausage links, a McDonald's style hash brown, and a biscuit.
I liked all of it and would come again for a quick breakfast.

OK, full disclosure, I was raised in Queens, NYC.
I know hot dogs, and I know Nathan's.
THIS was not Nathans.
Nathans was probably the main reason I stayed at the MGM when I went to vegas the last 10 years of living on the West Coast.
But sadly, it has gone completely downhill.
The hot dog was not a nathans hot dog.
Anyone who has eaten a Nathans at Coney Island would NEVER be fooled.
And NO RED ONIONS!!!
WHAT!??!???!
Not only did they not have red onions, the guy looked at me like I was speaking another language.
Come on, buddy - you might not have them but there is NO WAY that I am the first person at Nathans to ask for Onions in red sauce.
Really....
So, $30+ for two (not nathans) hot dogs, two fries (they were fine) and two drinks.
Nope.
Thats what we spent at Bobby's BUrger Place - and had two beers and two amazing burgers and fries/onion ring combo.
Never eating a nathans dog outside of the five boroughs again.

We had a coupon for a buy one, get one free hot dog.
So, my boyfriend got two chili dogs with everything on it.
One chili dog is $11.45 plus tax.
He's never had Nathan's hot dogs before, and he quite enjoyed them.
He had been talking about hot dogs all vacation.
Of course, they aren't as good as Pink's hot dogs (on La Brea in Los Angeles, CA).
If you haven't had those, it's totally worth the long wait in line.

Tried Nathan's after leaving wet republic.
I tried the Philly cheesesteak with bacon.
It was everything I was hoping it to be specially after hours of partying hahah.
It was a huge portion with tons of meat mixed with sautéed onions, green peppers, mushrooms and of course plenty of fatty bacon.
The bread was lightly toasted with butter and it was crispy from the outside and nice and fluffy from the inside.
You can get the nacho cheese included or as I prefer on the side.
It's about $12-15 per person including a drink.
Next time I will be trying the famous hot dogs hopefully there good too.

Tried it while wandering around late at night after hearing all the hype.
Plain and simple it's a hot dog all be it an expensive damn hotdog.
Chili tasted like it came from a can and the hotdogs were a little over cooked.
40 bucks later I can now say I've had a Nathan's famous hotdog.

Located inside the MGM food court, had this as a convenience stop more then anything.
Basically had a meal from every restaurant just to have a variety...and yes, I do eat a lot.
I had the Chili Cheese Dog and the Bacon Dog.
I'm not sure if it was just this location, but the dogs themselves were a bit on the salty side.
Good enough to eat though, I guess the saving grace were the toppings and the bun.
I've had a lot better hot dogs, but if you were craving a hot dog and are in the MGM, then this is what you would want.

