It's McDonald's: How do you fuck up McDonald's?
Easy--hire no one who speaks English, consistently serve cold and stale french fries and generally let the store be filthy.
I'm so glad I live in the quasi-ghetto!

I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Why am I wasting my time yelping about a McDonald's.
But hey sometimes I crave a double cheeseburger and some fries or some hot cakes and an egg mcmuffin.
Also, I am a firm believer that a burger shouldn't have mayonnaise on it.
They are one of the only chains that don't put that disgusting crap on their burgers.
Plus, they serve the best diet coke.
I don't know what it is.
So, please don't hate me.
But damn this place is the worst McDonald's I have ever been at.
Every freaking time I have been to the place they have messed up my order.
They either forgot the fries or forgot my sandwich or they don't have pickles for their burgers.
How the hell do you run out of pickles!!!!!
I love pickles..
I really do...
I always order extra pickles when I get a burger.
I only live a couple blocks from this place and I avoid it at all costs and go to one that is 3 miles away.
So if you are craving some Mickey D's keep on moving past this location.

McDonald's is getting a bad rap here, I can see.
Yeah, it's not the best one out there, but it's not the worst.
Ive only been here for breakfast, so that's what im basing my review on.
I use the drive-thru.. maybe that works too.
I get my usual vanilla iced coffee and oat meal in the mornings and have never been disappointed.
The girl at the pay window always seems friendly and has is smiling all the time.
The girl who gives me my food is the same way.
Only time I've had problems was this morning when the manager of all people, didnt give me my spoon!!
serious!!!..
just kidding.
It's McDonalds.. not a 5 star restaurant..  :)

Ok,, so I am not a big Mickey D fan.
I wanted a mid morning snack and a sausage biscuit so I pull in here only to realize they are being remodeled.
Now I am under the opinion that nobody but the infirm and mothers with screaming babies have the right to add to the carbon footprint by using a drive thru but by this time somebody had already pulled in behind me.
I got what I asked for and a smile at the window.
They fulfilled my expectations so they get a full 3 stars.

Okay so I'm not really a huge McDonald's fan but I come here a lot when I bring girls for mentoring.
So as we are sitting and doing work out of a book on a Sunday night (paying customers) the girl that I'm mentoring is smoking her electronic cigarette (no scent and nothing harmful... even airports allow them), the manager literally YELLS across the restaurant "YOU CAN'T DO THAT" and is completely rude and unprofessional.
I understand rules and don't mind abiding by them, but to be rude and brash?
Unnecessary.
Not to mention my burger was cold and there was no ketchup in the containers.
The restaurant was practically empty and there was no line.
I worked in the restaurant industry for years, I was absolutely disgusted.
We won't be coming here to do work anymore.
What a jerk?!

I went here to grab a happy meal for my son while getting my car washed for my niece's swim team at the same location.
The play area is dirty.
The employees are not friendly.

I went here to be picked up by a friend, so I decided to grab something to eat The guy at the counter seemed a bit too timid to take anyone's order...but at least he actually stopped to take my order...unlike the other girl and guy.
Anyhow, the food took a while to come out and it was pretty decent...it was hot.
The only true downside is the bubbly brook that is my stomach and I didn't even eat my sandwich...but that's McDonald's for ya haha!

