Grade: B+  Best steak dinner in Madison.
Low prices.
Keep this one a secret.

Great Food!
Respectable prices.
Very busy at times, difficult to get a table at peak times.
Friendly environment, with clean bathrooms (that have foaming soap!
)  Highly Recommended!

I'm writing this from the Oakcrest; we had dinner here tonight, and I couldn't wait to share the experience.
The Oakcrest is a smallish place with ample parking, a decent-sized bar, and about a dozen tables or so.
Wood paneling adorns the walls, as do 4-5 televisions.
The place is a seat-yourself joint; we chose a small table in the middle of the restaurant.
We sat for about 5 minutes before a young waitress asked if she could help us.
Beers were ordered, along with cheese curds.
The beers came out quickly, and I'm not sure how this is possible, but the beers here are amazing.
They taste better than any I've had elsewhere.
Curds were delivered minutes later.
They were piping hot, battered, and delicious.
Seem to be identical to the curds that The Avenue Bar serves.
No ranch, but that's ok.  We ordered our food: two burgers and a large fries.
The jukebox plays a nice mix of 80's and 90's music; we've heard Dave Mathews, John Cougar, and Natalie Merchant.
Our waitress is a bit inattentive; beers sat empty for a good 10 minutes; another waitress stopped by to get us a refill.
There goes her tip.
Burgers came out, and they are amazing.
Obviously made on site by hand, and assembled from steak trimmings.
Buns are delish as well.
But, wow- the burgers are unreal.
Fries (crinkle cut) are plentiful, crispy, and awesome.
A+ on food.
The table next to us is enjoying tenderloin and prime rib; both look amazing- easily better than any high-dollar steakhouse.
So, time for the summary...  Ambience: 5 stars.
Food: 5 stars- delicious and perfect Service: 2 stars; our waitress sucks Beer selection: 4 stars Value: can't comment; haven't received a bill yet, but burgers are $4.75, fries were $2.75, curds were $4.95.
We'll be back.
Menu looks great, and we like the atmosphere.
I'll definitely try the tenderloin next time!!
Oakcrest = WIN.
Update: So the service continued to stink, even when we sat at the bar after finishing our dinner.
There were 4 bartenders/waitstaff and yet our beers sat empty for 20+ minutes, so we left.
But the food will draw us back, even if the service leaves much to be desired.
We overheard the cooks talking with some of the regulars; apparently the Oakcrest gets a majority of its meats from the butcher across the street: Knoches.

We've been big fans of the Oakcrest, and tried to make it a point to visit the place on a regular basis.
For months, we heard from people about how great the fish fry was, so we decided to try it tonight.
Knowing how small the place is, we made certain to arrive early.
When we walked in the door at 4:30pm, the place was already nearly packed with people.
We found a table and waited for a waitress to arrive.
Within a few minutes, we had placed our drink orders (2 Miller Lites) and were browsing the menu, pondering our fish options.
The waitress came back to take our order - we decided on the baked tilapia with a baked potato, and the deep fried cod with fries and coleslaw (you get two sides with the fish fry).
Food arrived about 20 minutes later; tilapia was a miniscule, single piece of fish that was nicely baked and dusted with paprika.
The cod plate featured two average sized fillets and one pint-sized fillet, with a mound of fries.
The tilapia, while tasty, was an appetizer at best, and definitely not worth the $12 price.
The cod was largely flavorless; the breading was soggy on two pieces and extremely crispy on the third, but soggy or otherwise, it featured zero - none - zip - nada flavor.
It was as bland as what you'd find in a cafeteria.
Fries were spectacular, as usual - crisp, hot, flavorful.
We never saw a waitress again, other than to drop off the bill, which was a staggering $30 for two fish fries and two beers.
Oakcrest's Fish Fry = FAIL (other food = great)  Service = 1 star (basically non-existent) Food = 2 stars (the fries saved the day; fish was bland and tasteless) Value = 0 stars ($12 for tilapia, $11 for cod; small portions) Misc = 1 star (extremely over-rated fish fry)  We'll stick to visiting the Oakcrest for burgers, sandwiches, steaks, and the fries.
Do yourself a favor and don't bother doing the fish fry here.
Edit: Uh, hey Brett M - please re-read my reviews and you'll find that I love the Oakcrest's burgers, fries, appetizers, Mahi Mahi, Steaks and beer.
Two things I don't like and that have been consistently poor: the over-priced and mediocre fish fry and the subpar service.
That said, I still visit the Oakcrest (and enjoy it) on a very regular basis - I just avoid Friday nights.

When you first walk into this place, you know they're going to make some damn good fish.
I went here this past Friday night and LOVED the food.
The fish and french fries were cooked when you ordered them - not just sitting under a heat lamp.
The place was packed and they took our name and we had a beer while we waited.
There isn't a lot of room to stand around the bar, but we managed.
The service was fantastic - seriously, the sweetest waitresses ever.

Hung out here while in Madison for work and caught a playoffs game on a slow Tuesday night.
Great neighborhood bar feel, friendly bartender and a random a cappella group that at one point broke out in song.
Decent beer selection and one of the better bacon cheese burgers I've had in a while.
The meat was incredibly fresh, a true mid-rare and the bacon was spot-on.

Lunch or dinner, you can't go wrong at the Oakcrest.
If you get a burger, be sure to get bacon.
I don't know what they do, it is one of the best bacon cheese burgers around.
A hidden gem that has outstanding flavor and is very fulling is the Chicken Teriyaki sandwich.
It a huge chicken breast and the two pineapple slices are great.
Last tip, the cottage cheese is solid, get it as an alternative to the something deep fried.
Only challenge about this place is parking, so be ready to park on the street.

Just had my first burger from the 'Crest and let me just say, I can't wait for my next!
If you like stuff that tastes good, then look no further.
Oh, you say you're hungry, then you found the place.
It's the real deal, not like a tiny Applebee's burger - humongous!
Get off the computer and get to this place now!
Just do it!

Sweeney's Oakcrest Tavern is a nice little place.
A 1920's- 1940's exterior design gives way to wood paneling and a multitude of flat screens indoors.
To the right, a bar with a 90-degree bend and made of the same wood as the paneling dominates to area.
To the left, a modest dining room sits.
The room is crowded with tables and seating is close to your neighbor.
Coat hooks abound.
Tables are in the center and high tops ring around the walls.
It's certainly cozy, and in my opinion has a bit of that northwoods supper club feel, albeit in a downscale sort of way.
I went on a Saturday with one partner and we were seated after entry at the last available table.
Looking around at the dinners on other tables, I was impressed by the quality of the food as well as the portions.
I saw the grilled walleye pike at one table and it looked as if they gave them a whole fish.
Another table had a top sirloin that was about 2.5 inches thick and cooked perfectly medium rare along with a truly colossal portion of prime rib, also perfectly medium rare.
Good signs!
After ordering, the salad course came first.
Typical iceberg with a few shreds of red cabbage and 3 large, fresh carrot sticks.
The ranch dressing was homemade and fresh.
The vinaigrette a true vinaigrette of oil, vinegar, and fresh herbs and also homemade but note that the other dressings available are not from scratch.
After salad came our main course.
I had the prime rib, medium-rare; my friend went with well done.
There is only one cut, and it's a king cut at least.
The thick, red meat came swimming in its own juices and had a mild, almost delicate flavor.
Hers was well done, but she said it was still juicy and tender.
She declared it the best she had ever had.
For sides, I went with a baked potato and she with sweet potato fries, which was a slight upcharge.
My potato was mediocre, but the few fries I stole were excellent.
They were crispy outside and downright creamy in the center with a mild flavor.
They may have been coated in something to enhance crispiness, but were good.
Service was thorough and very attentive.
The crowd seemed to be very 'neighborhood' when we were there and many young children were present.
They were all well-behaved even though their parents were at another table.
I'm a fan.
This place was low-key, fairly priced and well-served by an attentive staff.
Dinner looked great and tasted great.
While it's not a date night kind of place, if you're looking for a modest place to have a good Wisconsin-style supper with your family you'd be pressed to find a better place.
I'll be back to try the fish fry.

I've only been here for the fish fry about 20 times.
It's the best in town, period!

Melt in your mouth Burgers Great Friday fish!
Super supper service

Cozy little Tavern Bar.
We went for the Fish Fry after reading it "is the best ever!".
While it is good, it isn't the best in Madison.
Since moving to Madison in May I have been on the look out for the best FF in town.
So far Jordan's Big 10 Pub has this place beat.
If you are looking for beers, some chow and a place to hang, this is a good, solid choice.
It is kind of small but they seem to take care of the crowd.
Update:    I've been back a few times now and I stand by my review.
It is just ok.
If you are off work, after 9 and looking for a beer and a burger, and this is on your way home, then stop in.
I had the bacon cheeseburger last night.
The flavor that came out of the burger was from the mustard and ketchup.
I even salted it.
The fish my better 1/2 had was over cooked and dry.
Out waitress was useless....I said hello to her as we walked in, then 10 mins later the bartender asked if we wanted to order food.
I told him we were waiting for a table and said "is your name on the list".
I get it, it is busy, it is hot and there is a lot going on.
But if you are in the service industry put on a happy face.
There are a lot of bars in this town and a lot of burgers and fish fry's.
I'll probably be back, but it will be months from now.
No chance this becomes our local spot.

Hands down, the best fish fry in Madison.
Fun atmosphere with great service.
Expect to wait for a table, so just relax and enjoy the experience.

This was my first time at the Oakcrest.
I came here seeking a great burger experience and that is exactly what I got.
Honestly it is the best restaurant burger I've had in quite a while.
I ordered the burger medium and was happy to get medium which is so often not the case at most other places.
I also noticed on the menu their burgers are made from meat procured from Knoche's Butcher Shop.
So if I had to say what made this a great burger I would have to say it was the perfect storm of quality meat and competent food preparation.
Burger toppings and sides are ala cart which is what I prefer.
Service was great.
I will be back.

Say what you will, but I just don't appreciate this place at all.
One of my work teams has been coming here for lunch fairly regularly, and I don't get it.
Pros: - Decent burgers - Fries are always cooked well  Cons: - No seating...
I like the coziness, but it's just downright tiny and cramped - Expensive burgers; don't include aforementioned fries - Burgers always come out medium-well - Curds & fries are straight from the Sysco catalog  Extreme Foul/Fail/Downer: - Service is sloooooooooooooooooooow and nearly non-existent  We have never - not once - managed to get in and out of this place in less than an hour during lunch.
Today was the final straw... we arrived promptly at 11:30.
There were two other tables of two seated.
We placed drink orders and appetizer orders.
35 minutes later, our appetizers arrived.
We placed our food order and begged for a little "urgency" to be placed on the order.
The place was filling up fairly quickly.
71 minutes after being seated we received our food.
71 minutes to make 6 burgers without fries.
Seriously.
1 hour and 11 minutes.
Number of drink refils during the 71 minute wait?
One.
Total time at lunch (from sit-down to departure)?
97 minutes.
We managed to watch the same episode of Sports Center twice during our stay...
I'm done.
Consider this place removed from my list of places to go/refer people to.

Came to town for business, had the Friday night fish fry.
The perch is a little better than the cod, but both are good.
They also have a very tasty cole slaw and the fries were hot, crisp and tasty.
The price was right, with $13.99 and $11.99 respectively for the fish dinners.
Had a couple of Spotted Cows to go with it, a nice fish fry.
Pros: good food served fairly quickly, and I liked the small environment.
Service could be a little more attentive.

Amazing bacon cheeseburgers, cheese curds were perfect.
Great "dive" feel to the restaurant.
Staff was great' friendly and attentive.
You may have to wait for a table if you go during prime dining hours.

The Oakcrest has been around for a long time and I know a lot of people like it, but it just doesn't do it for me.
I work right down the street, so I met up with some people for lunch recently and boy did I regret it.
I should note that this was not my choice to begin with, but I was willing to give it a try.
It is true that there isn't a lot of seating, but it wasn't extremely busy when we got there and our service was fast.
We were in and out in a little over a half-hour.
I agree that the staff didn't seem particularly friendly or happy, but they weren't rude either.
I had a chicken sandwich with bacon and no side, while my four companions had burgers with fries or cheese curds.
Everything was typical greasy bar-fare.
I tried the curds but not the fries.
The flavor was good, but it was so greasy and salty that my mouth was burning by the time I was done and my gut was already churning as we walked out to our cars.
I was miserable for the rest of the afternoon.
My husband felt the same, but I believe everyone else enjoyed what they had.
In all fairness, I know my experience is a relatively individual one.
I eat very healthy food and I hardly use salt when I cook or add it when I'm out.
If you typically eat like this, you'll probably love it.
I probably would have before I shifted my diet away from this kind of food.
However, I do enjoy burgers and fries at places like the Great Dane, where they aren't grease-laden and loaded with salt.
If you have a diet more like mine I wouldn't suggest eating here.
I don't plan on going back, but I still give two stars because my experience my not reflect yours.

Go for the burgers, but don't forget to order the curds!
I went to grab a good burger with a co-worker who had been told to try it out.
Both of us are new to Madison so when we were craving some grease, we decided to try it out.
The place is a total dive, but I'm a huge fan of WI dives.
It looks like a little bar that belongs in the north woods, not on a Madison street.
It's pretty small, but they cram quite a few people in.
We had to sit at the bar when we showed up because it was pretty busy for lunch.
We ordered some cheese curds as an appetizer and I'm so glad we did.
Incredibly tasty and 'fresh,' and I highly recommend it if you can manage the extra calories.
When the burgers came out, I was quite impressed.
Definitely large, and great bun.
The beef used is incredibly fresh, and mine was cooked medium to perfection with a little bit of pink.
My only complaint was that they could have used more seasoning.
While you can taste the quality of beef, it just seemed to lack spice and salt or something.
But, overall, great burger.
Just a heads up:  even though it has the quality of a dive, I was a little surprised to walk out of there dropping almost $20 for lunch.
And that's without any beer, just soda.
Granted we got the curds, and I had ordered a few extras for my burger, but I was not expecting to spend more than $12-15.

One of my favorite bars in Madison.
Great burgers and the best tenderloin steak sandwich around.
The fries are tasty as well.
Stiff drinks and a nice neighborhood bar feel reminds me of coming here as a kid with my dad.

Yum, Yum & Double Yum.
Best burger I've had in Madison so far.
Delectable cheese curds.
I'm looking forward to heading over there for the fish fry soon, and when I do, I suspect I'll change my review to 5 stars!

