I don't know if all Targets are the same, but this one seems decent.
You can't always find staff when you need them but when you do, many seem personable.
They have a small  furniture section, a garden section with plants and barbecue grills, etc., and a mostly-clean tiny cafeteria selling Pizza Hut, hot dogs, pretzels, and other little things.
The staff don't let the aisles and clothing areas get horridly messy because they are always fixing the shelves and restocking.
The place is bright and clean, which is a hugely important thing to me.
Only once in a while have I had to stand in line for longer than I would have liked (I dread the holidays!
), otherwise, they seem to staff the registers sufficiently.
Returns have never been a problem for me except that sometimes you have to stand in line at Customer Service for longer than you'd prefer.
Parking isn't the most pleasant all the time because it's hot out and you might have to walk a distance, but that's just Vegas (and walking is good for you if you can do it!).
The parking area and the outside of the store are pretty clean, although people tend to leave carts any old place by the curbs.
I shop here all the time- prices are all right for most things, and the plaza is conveniently located with a variety of exits and entrances.

Okay so before I get into the meat of my review..
Lets go over the proper pronunciation of Target... No it is not like the bulls-eye, if you are ever hangin with me and we are heading to the red circle in the sky you are to pronounce it ( "Tar- Sh- ay").. No that we are done with that, lets move on.
This is my Home location Target, if we need odds and ends this is where we head.
Whether looking for a 25lb weight or a swimming pool noodle, I am willing to put it all on red that target has it.
Now that we have established that they carry just about anything, lets take just a moment to talk about the customer service.
The electronics department staff is pretty knowledgeable and have been pretty helpful every time I have needed assistance from any of them.
The other wandering employees are normally very happy and smiling and great you with a kind hello.
Now for the one downfall, almost every time I go to this location the cashiers are not the most..... Well.....
I'll just say enjoyable people.
The last time in particular the wife checked out before me with one of those If you buy this we will give you a gift card coupons and the lady gave her the $10 Gift card and she watched my wife hand it to me so i could use it and when it came time for me to check out the girl took the gift card and scanned it and said, " Um sir, there is nothing on this, are you sure you did not use it?".
I know that i probably had this very confused look of disbelief.
I told the lady, you just scanned it and gave it to my wife, of course it was not used.....
So after a 5 minute debate the amount was taken off of the bill and I was happy.
This is just one example, if only they could give there cashiers a rockstar and some pop rocks every now and again to get something stirring inside of them... My overall experience at Target is normally a good one and could be excellent if the cashiers had a little more pep in there step.. Maybe get the slider truck over there to get them some pep peps... Yeah that will do the trick!

Target or Tar-sh-ay as it's known has always been a favorite go-to place for me.
I love their store brands that offer value & quality over the major brand name products.
This Target has been my home Target throughout my teenage years.
In the Vegas valley we are fortunate to have great Target locations and thus particular one rivals most.

Until the new Target was built on Green Valley, this was the only Target closeby.
I was constantly frustrated by the lack of basic food - even the old one on Spring Mountain had a much better (although still small!
) selection of dairy, lunch meats and frozen foods.
Sometimes you want to be able to go to Target and pick up some f-ing creamer while you're there - not so at this Target.
I also find the store layout not all that great and the parking lot is HORRIBLE.
There are way too many freaking stores that share the same parking lot and getting in, around, and out of the parking lot is always very stress-inducing.
Thank goodness there is a better Target nearby!

It is Target.
They have cool stuff cheap.
There is a better customer base than Walmart and cheaper than them.
If they had a Starbucks at this one, I would give it 4 stars

This is the Target for which my entire Target list is dedicated to.
Fond memories from high school of hanging out with friends, hopping down to the Target and checking out the new stuff.
Sometimes just popping in to get a Coke.
Ever since, no matter where I am, Targets remind me of home.
This location has always been clean and well stocked, even though it's been open for over a decade now.
It's got a huge lot and lots of spaces, and a Target cafe for quick eats, but no Starbucks as another reviewer has mentioned.
It's not a SuperTarget, so don't plan on doing your grocery shopping here, but some snacks and a small refrigerated aisle is available.
Targets are a product of their environment, and being in Silverado Ranch makes this a pretty clean and safe alternative to WalMart.

This is the Target (Tar-shay to the uninformed) in my neighborhood that I go to on a daily basis.
I love it, it's clean, well stocked, well organized and the staff is very friendly and knowledgable.
To those who gave it a 3 or less rating, all I can say is you must have been there on an off day.

This is a review of the snack bar area.
I love Target but the snack bar area is a freakin dump!
Every single table right now is filthy and doesn't look like they have been cleaned all day.
Gross...and they aren't even busy.
I wish the health dist would pay thus slop hiuse a visit.

The Target to hit when you want something you know you saw at another Target, but it was out or wasn't in enough varieties.
After all, it's like a roided-up Target being a Greatland!
They always have what I need when I'm in Henderson.

No longer is this the Target of choice when I need essential home goods, but by far on of the better ones.
Not much has changed from the time they opened their doors til now.
This should definitely be looked at as a plus, but does not always have the best clearance selection.
Each Target looks to dictate their own markdown prices, and this one is a hit or miss.
I tend to find the better deals at the location on Blue Diamond.
Like Jack W. stated, it is impeccably clean for being as old as it is.

I go here for just about everything...seems like I spend at least $100 every time...

Target is OK, nothing stood out to me on the shopping trip.
Had a nice selection and well lit aisles.

I love this Target!
It's always clean and well organized and the people are pretty friendly.
It's way more pleasant to shop at then the local Walmart.
I would give it 5 stars if it had a bigger, better grocery section.

This target is exactly what the stars suggest... "A-OK."  I'm in the same boat as a previous reviewer... at least it's not Walmart!

I've called and emai the company about this target and ask why they remodel every single target greatland in the USA but not this one yet and they said because there are too many grocery stores and that they will in the next 2-5 years and make a It a super target with a huge grocery department like walmart with a deli,meat,sea food and a cafe but I don't get it they are building a new super  target on aliante rd and now they are remodeling the old target greatland on flamingo rd and e 215

This Target is okay.
I'm not too fond of the way things are laid out since they have hangers all the way over near the home improvement area instead of putting it near the clothes or storage.
Almost like an after-thought.
Interestingly enough, most Targets that I've been to put hangers/cloth hampers and the like over by storage boxes and such.
So it was strange that this particular store was laid out differently.
It was also interesting that they had only one row of refrigeration units but they put them right in the middle.
Most of the time, you see fridge goods against the wall.
Overall, it's a Target.
Nothing crazy.
I will say that there was a rep that asked me about whether or not I wanted to buy an iPhone.
Now, having one, I declined, but that was definitely a different approach to sales.
She didn't continue to hound or anything, and was very friendly so not sure if it was the rep taking it upon herself or a new Target sales strategy.

I hold Targets to an extremely high standard so this one, while still a Target, is not my favorite.
It is still branded as a Target Greatland, which is all but deceased elsewhere in the country.
It is set up exactly like a few other Targets I have been to, but I find this layout to be just too confusing.
The center of the store is too large and doesn't flow very well.
I'm not sure how they could improve it, but I know that I shouldn't feel more comfortable with a Walmart layout than a Target one.
I will stick to my fave Target on Lake Mead for now.
This one is not worth the logistic headache.

I love Target stores in general, some are better than others.
This one is on the better end.
I can chalk it up to a few key elements as to why this Target tickles my fancy over others.
Cleanliness and organized.
I've never come to this Target and seen many things out of place, nor does it have a run-down feeling.
It's fairly new and spacious.
The addition of a small grocery section is a big plus.
Target-specific branded food items can be found here and I am always on the hunt for new, healthy food.
The organics line of snack products are perfect ways to satiate my snacking habits, without me getting into trouble.
The Archer Farms brand in particular has great food.
Products here are plentiful and in stock.
On my recent trip I went to look for sleepwear/lounging pants and found an array of materials and patterns with ranging prices.
It's nice to have a wide selection.
Overall I can't complain about any of my visits here so this Target gets 5 Stars.

The etl's here are the best

I work at this target as a ass.
Manger .
We are going to be remodeling are target food and cafe.
We will have a larger grocery dept.
with fresh produce,meats.
And also a brand new Starbucks will be added with our wonderful cafe.
We will be open during remodeling.
We will have a emergency door open do go into the store.
Our regular doors will be locked and taped off.
Remodeling starts soon.

Yes, I love Target, they have great prices.
And it's not as crowed as other stores.
It's a nice change of pace.

I have to review my local Target.
First - the pharmacy staff is AMAZING.
I get my prescriptions filled here and the pharmacist is so helpful and friendly, and the staff is really kind and listens to you instead of acting like you've interrupted their day.
I do love that about this pharmacy.
They recently started on a remodel, and I hear rumors that they are going to be putting in a Starbucks.
They're expanding to the grocery model that a lot of Target's have put in, and I couldn't be happier.
I miss the grocery section of the Target that I used to patronize in San Mateo, CA.
The checkers are always courteous, the store is always clean, and I enjoy coming here.

There's not much to say besides this is a standard Target.
It was definitely arranged differently than any other location I've visited, and the people were pretty friendly.
One thing that was fantastic, was that the cashier allowed me to use the coupons on my Snip Snap app - and that makes me happy :D

This location is clean, the people are friendly its target not really much to write home about lol.

I have always loved Target but I hated having to pick up grocery items elsewhere.
I don't like the super store that is so popular but I've shopped there a lot for the convenience of getting food.
I can say bye bye to wally world.
The makeover Target got has everything I need.
It is clean, well stocked and a better environment.
The products are higher quality and still incredibly affordable.

Great customer service!
Every worker I came across greeted me and they were also very helpful despite whatever tasks they had to do.
It made my shopping experience so much easier.

Love this store!!
I would say 98% of the time the store is clean and if they are stocking shelves they leave room for you to get around them.
They even keep the bathrooms clean!!
I hate using public bathrooms so if it happens I have to I am a huge critic.
I even use the pharmacy here and a girl named Gina is always sweet, helpful and even remembers our names!!
The rest of the staff and Pharmacists are also very friendly and helpful as well.
Love the grocery store they now have.
Just pay attention to your prices but, they do have some items that I love that the other stores I go do not have.
Also if you connect the red card to your debit card you will always get a % off even groceries!!
My only complaint and I know that its not the store but, with the clothes they are not usually true to size.
My husband wears a large and when I buy him shirts there I have to get an XL for them to fit him  I will always come back.

This Target has gone through some changes and now has a grocery section.
I love this!
Some items are pricey compared to other stores but some are the same or lower that you would find.
Not a big selction of grocery items but if your there and just need a few things they most likely will have it.

I am so glad that they added the fresh food section to this Target.
Now it is one less stop for me to make when I am out on the weekend.
Would have given five stars if I had better luck with the pharmacy.

I absolutely love this store!!!
They have everything!
I love the new floor plan, the way everything is right where you expect it to be.
Having groceries makes it a one stop shopping and that makes me happier than ever.
I love the new shopping carts.
This Target has a friendly staff, there is ALWAYS someone there to ask if I am finding everything ok!
Thank you Target for keeping me away from Walmart since November and going strong!
#targetshopperforever

This isn't the closest Target to my house but it's huge and is pretty clean.
I will also give them props for having an iPhone Speck case that my "home" Target (horizon ridge and green valley) didn't have.
Good on you, Greatland!

Targets are great and I am doing all my Target reviews this week, as I have visited most of them this week for various reasons.
Parking  - 2 star - Parking is plentiful, but the traffic flow is terrible because they designed the main entrance traffic coincide with the main entrance and main pedestrian flow.
so this is a terrible traffic flow design.
You have to watch carefully for those drivers...  b.
Entrance - 1 Star - Why put the smokers area even in the wind flow of the main entrance?
All the employees and visitors that smoke will smoke out here and the wind flows toward the entrance.
c.  Selections - 4 star - Everything here!
They also have the portrait studio.
d.  Flow - 4 star - Not bad.
e.  Stock - 4 star - Generally good, but I noticed often times I have had to seek out things and have to leave as what I wanted was not in stock.
Overall this place still is heads and shoulders above K-Mart and Walmart.
Just whomever designed the traffic and smoking area needs to get a bit more edumacated or get more practical.
Overall, I do come here often enough.

I love target!
The store is always clean and well stocked.
They have good prices.
You can almost always find whatever you are looking for and I am really happy that they added a grocery department.
It is not very big but is adequate so I can pick up whatever I need

Fast, fun, and friendly.
Great selection and wide floor space from their recent remodel.
Never crowded for the antisocials.
Get your quick Target fix here!

Target is very very consistent with their customer service, why?
because they treat their employee better than Walmart's does, and in turn, happy employee with make customers happy!
Also, Target merchandising its' store is much easier to shop than other cheap retailer i mentioned before

I tend to refer to this Target as "the crappy Target".
But that's really just because there's a newer Target not too far away that is just oh-so pretty and nice.
When it comes to the older, more established Target locations, this one is just like any of those.
It's a Target.
You'll find it looks, feels, and smells like any other run of the mill Target location.
It's got what you expect and it will get the job done.

Pluses:  Safe parking lot (Walmart has a well deserved bad reputation in this department).
Clean stocked store,  Good basic items at decent prices.
I shop here for stuff like: hair dye, dog bones,pre packaged food,and  bleach.
Annoying me lately -SEVERE UNDERSTAFFING/ CONSTANT NEW CASHIERS Come to think of it - I have never seen the same employee twice!
I have been coming since I moved here a decade ago and seriously they must go through people like toilet paper at this location.
I purposely do Target not Walmart but I'm beginning to question if they are no better to employees.
They have tons of check out lines  but exactly 3 people working.
All clearly new, all minorities or disabled (tax breaks) and all very slow.
I ended up leaving my bleach and dog bones.
I'm not waiting 30 min.
Add to that The New York Times is now reporting 150 million customer credit card data breach - up from 70 million and now includes not just Black Friday but stored data if you ever shopped there!
Scary.
Come on Target get your stuff together!

I love wandering around Target.
I'm not sure why it's so entertaining, but I love to just go and look at things (although somehow my cart always ends up with a bunch I stuff in it that I didn't plan on buying).
There's almost always clearance items, especially in baby/toddler clothes and women's clothes.
The other day I found 2T pants for my daughter for next winter for $1.50, which is a heck of a deal.
I love finding deals like that!
There's also usually lots of end caps with clearance items.
And Target carries some Melissa and Doug toys, which are my favorite- er, my kids' favorite, I mean...
The store is always clean and fairly quiet.
There's never a ton of people around, which I like.
Once in a while there's a bit of a wait at the registers, but they're pretty good about calling up more cashiers when there's more than 2-3 people in a line.

Target has good deals, but sometime they don't have the same thing over again.
Sometimes it is a one time deal and not a regular thing, but you got to buy um up if it a deal.
I enjoy buying  some of the grocery items like Chobani Greek yogurt, milk and juice products.
I also like to buy my doggies wet food when it is on sale, sometimes cheaper than petsmart.
Also the  mini milk bones for 2 for 5 buck is worth it.

