Stopped in to check out the new West side location.
LOVE IT.
Love it.
It's like a warehouse of alcohol!
They have everything.
There were about 3 aisles each of wine and beer alone.
Plus, every kind of liquor you could possibly need -- even those ingredients needed for classic cocktails, like chartreuse, maraschino, and pastis.
To top it all off, their prices are quite reasonable.
At first, I was surprised to see that their sale prices only knocked off a buck of two.
But then I realized that their base prices were a lot lower than what you'd find in stores and specialty stores.
So they didn't  have a whole lot of markup to work with.
I could have spent a great deal of money there, but I was able to restrain myself, and left with just a bottle of 100 proof vodka and a bottle of jager.
However, I'll definitely be back when I have some spare cash, and want to stock my pitiful bar.

They use the same SKU number for several different products.
It's moronic that they would do this, because it means that something that is listed as "in stock" is actually a different product, thereby wasting your time on a trip to this store.
This was the 2nd location in the valley, and they're not doing a good job of holding up to Total Wine down the street.
They adjusted some of their prices after this, but it's rough going for them.
Nice corner location and the shop is relatively clean, though lines can be too long at times.

It's a freaking huge liquor, beer, and wine store.
You know what to expect.
I love the selection, even though I have trouble finding some flavors of vodka (Pinnacle Cherry, Three Olives Purple).
The staff is helpful as far as helping you find something, but I think I can teach them a thing or two about booze.
And that's not saying much.
Anyways, I think the keg selection is where this place shines.
If you're doing something last-minute, you can find a domestic on the spot.
Give it a few days in advance and you could be looking down a barrel of Dos Equis, Blue Moon, or even cider.
Not my favorite store, but I can't go wrong.
Protip: Be daring and get a fancy cigar for a special occasion.
Just not the cheap ones.

Normal Bev Mo.
The employees like most locations are pretty helpful and actual know what they are talking about, especially beers.
Problem is Bev Mo has a little too much of a crush on CA.
A lot of their beers and wine are focused on that region.
A little diversification from local and CA would be nice.
That being said, there are a lot of great beers from CA and they do a decent job of choosing them.
Loving beer I will obviously go back for more, and new "bombers"

As a Washingtonian stepping into BevMo!, I feel like a kid stepping into a candy store.
Washington is one of those states that only state-owned and run liquor stores can actually sell hard alcohol.
The prices are pretty steep and the selection can be spotty.
Only recently have we been able to buy liquor on Sundays.
Yes, really.
I guess the bar isn't very high when it comes to places that sell liquor.
So why the five star rating, you ask?
I'm quite impressed with the selection of beer, wine, and the extensive selection of liquor.
I must admit, I have been a little homesick (for beer, not rain) and it brought a little tear to my eye to find some of my beloved micros that I usually can only find in the Pacific Northwest on the shelves at BevMo!.
It also doesn't hurt that the two times I've been here, they've had some really tasty wines on sale - buy one, get one for a nickel.
When the sales associate mentioned this to me, I swear I could hear the Hallelujah Chorus playing.
It was Cold Play, but whatever.
I'd love to try more of the sale selection, but I do only have one liver.

if you drink wine this is not the place to go .
All four bottles I purchased were heated or in beer words Skunked I did notice tasty liquors were very cheapo will NEVER buy wine from this place

Total wine has a better selection SORRY!

Great imported beer selections..... and my favorite thing to do there..........partake in their complimentary vodka or tequila tastings!!!!
I just wish they were open later than 9pm.
Oh well, forces you to get your drink on early LOL!

I was in a mad search to find Cock & Bull Ginger Beer during the holidays and come to find out Bevmo was the only place I could find that carries it.
Unfortunately, it took multiple calls to different locations to find any in stock.
Evidently, there is a guy out there who was one step ahead of me and is buying out the entire supply.
Either I need to off the competition or we need to become friends.
But really, I'm more interested in dibs on the supply.
So my last call was to this BevMo location and I was happy to hear they had plenty in stock and will continue to carry it with shipments every Thursday.
BevMo, I really heart you for carrying our number one choice of ginger beer which allowed me to put together the best Moscow Mule gift package.
You also taught me what a jigger was.
How could I have been so stupid?
Cock & Bull Moscow Mule: 32 oz Mason Jar (fill with Ice cubes) 2 Jiggers vodka   1/2 fresh squeezed Lime Top off with Cock & Bull Ginger Beer  Enjoy!

Seriously, what's not to like at these stores.
Crazy selection, educated staff, nice and clean.
Cold stock ready to drink.
$.05 wine sales.
Dang!

I'm an American expat in the UK.
You will very rarely find anything like BevMo in the UK or anywhere in Europe.
Americans have a reputation abroad of doing everything bigger, louder, etc.
Well BevMo you're an alcoholics dream.
Fortunately for me who works in the industry, this is the perfect place to hit up when I want to introduce friends and family to my company's brands, especially those who rarely frequent bars.
While I have primarily been to East Valley locations on previous visits home, I am writing this review due to today's great experience.
I am a bridesmaid for an upcoming wedding in Phoenix.
However, since I'm over 5,000 miles away I will be missing out on the bachelorette weekend.
Although I won't be present, I thought I would arrange the alcohol for the ladies.
First hurdle: BevMo's policy is that you cannot use a virtual credit card  Second hurdle: I needed to ensure that my cousin would be able to pick up the order on my behalf (because I'm on the other side of the world)  Third hurdle: I couldn't use my UK registered credit card on the BevMo website  After calling and emailing the store, and finally getting the BevMo website to cooperate, I was able to process the order.
Chris at the Glendale store turned around my order within minutes and confirmed my cousin would be able to pick it up without any issues.
Crisis averted.
Cheers BevMo!

Excellent experience.
Had a $10 off $50 for wine purchase.
James helped us pick out some great wines on the 5 cent sale.
Check out was far and efficient.
Great all around.

Boooo.
They don't carry Boones Farm!
I'm sorry but I like something cheap with a fruity taste.

Definitely a fan of any establishment that serves alcohol lol!
That was my first time in this store, I really liked the HUGE selection of wine, liquor, and more importantly BEER!
I am huge fan of craft brews nothing packaged or too label for me, no thanks.
I cam by for a tasting of San Tan brewery's seasonal tour brews, they were all great.
I only got a quick sip of the heavy D, but it was enough for me to be headed back with my growler when those kegs come in for sure!
Not a bad price either for a growler fill, only 16 dollars, any craft brew fans need to make the trip, well worth it!
Place has a friendly and professional staff, I asked about different wine selections and was surprised by the huge knowledge one of the employees had of wine and good food to go along with the wine.
The manager let me know about an online fan following called "Glendale growlers", which lets customers know all about the next beer and wine tasting events, I'll be keeping an eye out for the next one.

You can check stock online before heading to the store.
This helps a lot, especially when looking for a hard to find liquor like Damiana.
Since not sold in Michigan, I tracked down the last bottle on my side of town before leaving.
I walked in, early in the morning and a employee was easy to find and eager to help.
I was in and out in 10 minutes - that included my quick check down the Malbec aisle for anything that stuck out at me.
Cashier looked up my membership and I was out the door.
Great visit.

I'm out in Arizona for 2 weeks coaching baseball at the USA Junior Olympics and thank God I found a BevMo.
They had lots of good beer that I was able to get and stock the fridge with but lots of my favorite craft beers they didn't have in stock and the manager said they really can't get them because the craft beer scene out here isn't big yet.

