This is The Orleans 24-hour cafe where you can enjoy breakfast all day along with burgers, sandwiches, Chinese food, soups, salads, low carb options, etc.
I was there for breakfast last Friday morning and had their special of Two Eggs, Two Bacon, Two Sausage, Hashbrowns, and Buttered Toast for $4.95.
It's not on the menu but the waitress offered it to me when I ordered one of their French Quarter breakfasts.
The breakfast is simple with no frills, so it satisfy whatever craving you have.
My only real concern was the service.
They're in a real rush to take your order and get you out of there is how I felt.
When we weren't ready to give our order, the waitress came by and made it seem like a chore that we were taking so long.
(They weren't that busy!
)  And when our orders did arrive, our check was soon to arrive too.
I hate when the waitstaff dumps your bill on your table while your meal is still hot.
I wouldn't say that the Courtyard Cafe has a whole lot of personality working here.
When you are ready to pay your bill, bring it up to the front and get it in line.
They work like machines up there too.
I haven't had anything else there, but my friends who dine there every year are pretty satisfied with what they do offer.

Sometime around 3:00 a.m., in a post bar haze, I dined here...because it was the only place open at that time in The Orleans.
I have no idea why, but I ate a cinnamon/sticky bun thing that was dipped in egg batter and pan fried like french toast.
But wait...there's more!
It was then topped with corn flakes, dry oatmeal, and almonds, and served with butter and syrup.
And I think I ate it!
They get points for creativity, but the food is definitely not gourmet.
The food is simple and the prices are not bad.
I think my sticky bun thing was around $5-6.
The staff is nice, but very busy.
This is o.k.
after bar food, but I would try the other dining options at The Orleans when they are open.

low-priced meals on casino level floors....the inners of the orleans....serving variety 'n' all...standard american o' chinese...an odd mix at that.....pricing mostly $five and $thirteen being on the high side.....portions large 'n' fairly quick servicin'.....efficient in refillin' or replacing without askin'.....eating a hearty meatloaf, eggs and hashbrown....double fisting two diet cokes at all times...quickly replaced when one near empty.....meals acceptable and decent...for drink and large meal under $ten spent......a casual solo meal before work to begin.....pass on the keno for a later time.....

SO and i are still ticked that the gold coast graveyard breakfast specials are no more ( not quite no more just not as good !
)  SO had a $25 food credit so let's try our next graveyard spot ...live so close to orleans yet never tried the coffee shop .... $1.95 biscuits and gravy ( my sis will like that !
) $2.95 for the standard eggs/bacon/potatoes/toast ...it hits the spot for what it is ...let's face it ...at 3 in the morning most people eating there are so wasted you can fry up ground cardboard and they'll eat it.

I've had better.. but you can't beat the prices.
$3.99 for the midnight steak and eggs special is pretty much free.
$11.99 for the 14 oz prime rib or 11 oz Porterhouse is also definitely a deal.
I really liked my porterhouse but it wasn't the same as a full on steakhouse... admittedly this is probably due in part to the cheasy casino atmosphere vs. the typical steakhouse 'the room is so dark you can't see your food (or date)' atmosphere.

For some reason, I really, really like this 24 hour cafe.
I usually get naked buffalo wings with ranch and hot sauce on the side.
Soooo good.
Also, the onion rings are pretty awesome, too.
I would stay away from the meatloaf though.
Lastly, I have tried this burger they have that comes with a garlic cream cheese and it is soooo yummy.
Oh yeah, the fries are not bad either.
I am really, really surprised I like this place.
If you ever find yourself hungry at the Orleans, give this place a try.
My only tip is don't expect much, maybe you'll be just as surprise as I was and still am.

So we decided to check out the relatively new The Orleans resort and see what was for dinner.
we made a pretty good choice by picking courtyard.
the place was clean, nice, friendly staff.
prices were pretty low cause we came during christmas and they had a lot of specials PLUS the waitress GOT JOKES!!
i ordered the christmas special: honeybaked ham w/cranberry sauce, salad, soup, steamed veggies, mashed potatoes all for $13!!
they also had other specials for the same price with turkey and salmon.
you CANT beat that price fo sho.
the ham came out perfect and everything on my plate could not be better.
the only complaints were that other people that ordered the  t-bone and meat loaf said it was a little too dry.
And you cant go wrong with gumbo from a resort called THE ORLEANS!

EXCELLENT steak and eggs.
yeah it's $3.99 and i see some people complaining that it used to be 1.99 but when you look at it...3.99 is still AMAZING!
The meat was awesome, not very fatty pieces (like at bill's) and the rest is your simple hash browns and eggs.
=) but the meat makes all the difference.
And you have the awesome gumbo.
Just a little far from the strip =T

After playing a couple of hours of Pai-Gow Poker at  The Orleans, I asked for a comped lunch at the Courtyard Cafe.
I've heard some good things about the place, and you can't beat a free meal.
Wrong!
The place was only about 2/3 full and the service was slower than the over 100 category in the senior olympics.
I ordered the fish and chips.
The only good thing was the french fries.
The meal is supposed to come with 3 pieces of fish.
I got 2 1/2.
The first piece was O.K.
The second was 1/2 the size and seemed thrown in just to be 3 pieces.
The last piece was rock hard and must have been from some diseased fish.
Lucky me, I got the fish with cancer or a tumor.
Too grossed-out for dessert, I left and will NOT be coming back to this dump.

I read the other reviews before posting & this place has been treated pretty fairly.
It's better than average most of the time.
Its a casino cafe with a traditional American menu, cheap prices, good service and its open 24 hrs a day.
One of the few casinos cafes still doing graveyard specials @ $3.99 & under.
Good steak & Eggs!
If your out late this is the spot!

Holy bejeez..wtf is up with the cheap bastard complaints about the $2.00 increase on the graveyard specials?
You can't even get an effin' value meal for $3.99 at Mickey D's, let alone a big honkin' steak & eggs.
This is not the place for great service or fantastic food.
You don't come here to be treated like royalty, you come here to satisfy your hunger and stretch your dollars.
But obviously, they're still too expensive for some of you el cheapos out there.
Whining about a measly $2.00 extra for steak!
It's best for breakfast..that's all I had.
Sandwiches tend to be dry and burgers over done.
Steaks are hit or miss, but if you're paying graveyard prices..does it really matter?
My BF gambled away plenty of benjamins over the course of 3 days at the Orleans tables, so they generously (I'm being sarcastic here) comped us $90 worth of food at the Courtyard Cafe.
Sure, it doesn't make him even Steven..but at least we got fed!

My family went in around 3am and it was the only thing open besides Fuddruckers and Subway.
In the past when we came before all of these foodcourt business, we got steaks and whatevers.
$3.99 steak and eggs!
Comes with hash browns and toast.
I admit, my medium done steak was kinda hard to cut and chew.
Meh.
Then they charged all of our drinks regardless of what it was with $2 somethings.
Total bill for 3 dishes and 3 drinks was $21.

This place is "okay.
"   Ate here for breakfast and was disappointed that my food was just slightly warm.
I had a special called "The Deuces Wild"  for breakfast that included: 2 pancakes, eggs, hash browns, 2 pieces of bacon, and 2 links of sausage that was barely warm.
It tasted like it came from the nearby "French Market Buffet.
"    I believe that my food came from warming trays and was not cooked fresh.
The price is right for this place though!

@  5am, after dancing your drunk @ss off and spending bank at the bar, this is the spot for some $4 steak and eggs breakfast.
I never have eaten anything else than the steak and egg breakfast, but for $4 you can not complain.
It's actually better than denny's steak and eggs.
They get busy, but the Hawaiian server we always had treated us well.
Service was way better than I expected.
Totally worth going for some steak, eggs, hash brown, toast, and everything else that goes with it.
If your on a budget in Vegas this place won't make you broke.

So after a long day of being at the Viva Car show, my friend and I were starving, and the damn buffet closed at 9pm!
so we decided to give this place a chance.
This place is 24 hours and seemed like a way better option than the lame food court.
The service was very slow, it took way too long to get a glass of water, I guess they figured we didn't need water since we had our boots, lol!
When our waiter finally came over, he told us about the graveyard specials that start after midnight, that we could just wait and get the specials if we wanted, so we did that.
We ordered a sampler platter in the meantime, because we were starving and had like 30 minutes or so to wait still.
The sampler platter was awesome!
It came with chicken strips, delicious fried calamari, onion rings and hot wings.
The calamari and the chicken strips were so amazing, best thing I ate while in Vegas that weekend.
Then at midnight we ordered the graveyard specials.
I got the $3.99 Steak and Eggs, which is a great deal, but it was whatever.
My eggs were delicious, but the steak was kind of rubbery and dry, so major bummer.
My friend hated her toast, said it was the most ghetto burnt toast ever, hahahaha!
So the graveyard specials are just ok, yea it's a lot of food for the price, but I liked the sampler platter much better.
Also, it's a lot of food by the time I got the breakfast special I think I had eaten way too much, and was so full.
We did not need to order that much food, but it was like only 20 bucks for all of that so not bad.
I would've given them 4 stars, because our waiter was very nice, but way too slow and my steak sucked, so yea there you go.

We had breakfast here before checking out, had no complaints at all.
I had the steak and eggs with potatoes.
I was great, only problem was some kind of sauce on the steak.
But I knew it was going to be on it, so that's my fault.
Overall it was a good breakfast.

i know im prolly going to get alot of WTF thoughts about givin this place 4 stars but i gots to.
before i speak on the food here get a orleans club card play whatever game u want slots table games whatever while using ur club card.
speak to the one of the pit bosses that are on duty and let them know that you want to grab some food at the courtyard cafe and ask if you can have this comped and majority of the time it it will.
i eat here for free almost everytime im here so thats the reason for my rating im eatin for free yo!
the menu here is like a dennys u know burgers, breakfast, pasta, salads etc but does dennys have spam and eggs?!?!
or moco locos?!?!
im usually here late nite drunk and the moco loce or spam and eggs always hit the spot for me!
ive had the steak and eggs for 3.99 and its ok but for that price peoples should not be complaining AT ALL!!!
service here has been a-ok and the decor is cheesy but whatever yo enjoy the free food if u can get it

Not too bad.
But why does the Keno start at 900am?
Had breakfast here and waited an extra 15 mins to check the Keno #'s after we were already done eating breakfast.
That's our own fault though.
If you restaurant has so-so coffee (especially at a 24-hour joint like this)...you don't deserve 4 stars plus.
Ordered the spam, eggs and rice...nice!!!
Can't go wrong with that.
Mac salad was a bit bland.
Service good and the lines went fast.
And btw..I won back my $4 from Keno when I hit 3 numbers!
LOL!

The Courtyard Cafe is your typical diner with generous portions.
The food itself is not great, but it serves its purpose, and that is to satisfy your hunger.
The prices are, expectantly, lower for a comparable establishment on the Strip, and if you have enough points accumulated in your B-Connected account, you can pay with your points.
The fried stuff, like the fried clams, onion rings, and french fries - actually, the french fries are darn good here, are good, but for health reasons, I try to stay away from fried foods, especially sides.
I've had the Turkey and Avocado wrap.
The turkey was of the deli meat variety, and did have a sufficient amount of avocado.
It was a nice sized wrap, but it did lack flavor.
I ordered potato salad on the side, and, and that, too, I found bland.
I had a taste of the Oriental Chicken Salad, and it was on the sweet side - it was okay, but the flavor just didn't mesh.
I've also had their chicken Caesar salad and while I'm kind of grateful that the dressing wasn't too rich, it was actually not rich enough, especially for a Caesar dressing - and the chicken was bland.
The fried cheese thing that topped the salad was good though.
I've eaten breakfast there also, and I'm not much of a breakfast eater, so that was your typical sausage and eggs with coffee at a reasonable price - kudos for that.

I guess it worked for us at 3 am in a drunken haze.
Not to mention still part of our comp pkg at the orleans.
Decent early morning breakfast the day we left as well.

My last experience at this place was pretty good, for a cafe.
The service was pretty good and fast.
I sat down and within 1 min,  I was offered a drink by the busser.
The server then showed up shortly after.
I was surprise of how quick everything was.
I never had to wonder why my food was taking so long.
My prime rib came out just the way that I had asked, before that I had a cup of this creamy chicken soup (that was just awesome, I'm gonna go back for more!
).The only thing was that I had to go get my own beer at the bar out side of the restaurant because their service bar was closed.
That's OK though!

I eat here for one reason, and one reason only.
$4.49 STEAK & EGGS !!!!!!!!!!!!
It used to only be $3.99, but the price raised the extra .50 cents a month or so ago, because they now offer this spectacular deal ONE HOUR EARLIER !
Unlike most steak and egg specials which start at midnight, this establishment now offers it at 11 pm.
It's not the greatest thing you'll ever eat, but for a broke college student who tends to either party the night away or study the night away - this is a God send.
Service is usually pretty quick [again this is late at night, I'm not sure about their peak hours].
I'd recommend ordering the steak one level under what you would usually order.
For example, if you like Medium, order it Medium-Rare.
The cooks usually over cook the steak.
One time, a group of us ordered steak ranging from Rare to Medium Well, and each and everyone one of our steaks was cooked to Medium.
Which of course, made me happy as that's how I like my steaks, but my fellow steak and egg eaters were not too happy.
Toast, eggs, hash browns, 1 piece of frui & steak, all for under 5 dollars.
What more could one ask for?

This place is only good for graveyard specials.
I love coming here for the steak & eggs for $4.49 after midnight.
I also order a side of sautéed mushrooms.
Even on regular hours (24-hour special) they serve double cheeseburgers and fries for $4.49.
Ask for Cajun fries & if you want to make it worth it.
Get Swiss cheese & sautéed mushrooms to make a Swiss burger :) make sure you know what your ordering right away cause the server seem to be rushing you on your way.
Good savings and more than enough to get you full.

The Courtyard Cafe at the Orleans Casino has got to be one spot that any local or tourist come to!
As you all know, this city is known as a city that does not sleep, and because we do not sleep as tourists coming here for the first time, or locals who are just plain insomniacs- we come to the Courtyard Cafe to take advantage of the Graveyard Special!
Yes, there is such thing!
The special consists of the infamous $4.49 Steak & Eggs (with french fries or hashbrowns)!
Along with the steak & eggs, they provide bread and butter, which you also have the choice of what type of bread to eat!
There are also about 3 to 4 things on the graveyard menu, but this is what we all come for!
If you do decide to visit the cafe anytime before midnight, there is a 24 hour special on the double cheese burger, which you can customize to your liking (the rarity to how well-done the meat should be, the type of cheese, and you can also ask for a side of sauteed mushrooms with extra charge, but so worth it!

My alternative to 3.95 graveyard specials @ the South Point.
Often less crowded then that south point's cafe but the quality of the steak is a few steps better and the location is much closer then compared to the south point.
There are down sides.
Service isnt exactly the greatest.
some times there'll be a line of 6 to 8 people waiting to be seated and there's a bunch of tables available but seating was being strictly regulated which was very strange.
Other times you'll be seated almost immediately with food coming out less then 10 minutes after ordering.
overall the service is a small price to pay for steak and eggs after midnight.

I had a discount coupon as a guest in the hotel and decided to try them out for a breakfast.
My choice that morning was chicken fried steak and eggs ($8.99), a large orange juice ($3.49)and a cup of decaf.
When will I learn not to order scrambled eggs in a casino cafe, they came from a big pan of eggs.
The rest of the meal was just acceptable.
The service was sort of weird where nobody seemed to know what their job was in relation to the rest of the staff.
I wouldn't rule them out for another visit but I sure wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.

Unlike the other reviews that I have come across, I didn't eat any of the graveyard specials.
I opted, instead, to eat a prime rib dinner here.
Although I've only eaten here one time, I enjoyed a Prime Rib, salad, baked potato in lieu of fries, plus a dessert (chocolate cake).
My friends had the Prime Rib Dip (prime rib on french roll sandwich, pickles, olives, fries, and  au jus).
We each spent approximately $13 (with tip) for our meals.
All i can say is YUMMY!
The salad was so-so.
It was basically what you'd expect for a side salad (tomato, lettuce, croutons, etc).
Nothing to write home about.
My boyfriend had the prime rib, but instead of a salad had opted for the chili, along with chocolate ice cream.
The chili was fairly ok, and chocolate ice cream is basically chocolate ice cream.
There were also some rolls that they served with our entrees, which were also pretty good.
The prime rib entrees, however, were a different story.
Each were cooked according to our specifications.
The size of the prime rib was approximately 8 oz.
each.
They were definitely monster-sized portions, and we definitely didn't end up cleaning our plates.
The prime rib dips (sandwiches) were served on a seasoned french roll with garlic and butter.
Heavenly.
Not only was the meat cooked well, but the garlic and butter mixed on the bread was a perfect touch.
In addition, the fries were quite crispy (not soggy) and seasoned.
The chocolate cake was a generous piece, but was definitely moist and delicious.
I ended up eating the entire thing by myself.
Overall, a great experience.
The portions were huge and the service was pretty good.
Although I kept waiting (anxiously) in anticipation of the entree, I was definitely well pleased with my choice.
I will definitely be coming back here for another prime rib dinner/prime rib dip.
With prices like these, why not?

I guess when you're starving anything will taste awesome.
I ordered the graveyard special "pancake sandwich" for $5.99 which was supposed to be a sandwich made out of pancakes, ham and eggs in the middle but I requested it to be separated, which the waiter was kind enough to do.
The waiter was attentive and made sure my glass was full.
I'm only giving this place three stars because there are definitely better places in Vegas for graveyard specials.

Nice graveyard menu with meals under $5.
Had a sweet waitress.
If you're staying at the hotel, they give you a 10% off coupon.

Food was ok, I had loss n bagel.
Son had pancakes, they were ok.
Averaged $11 a head.
WORST service ever, really unbelievable.
Never eat there again,

Courtyard Cafe is similar to most casino eateries, where diner-like food is what's on the menu.
Breakfast is usually the way I go...
So I ordered one of their breakfast specials.
My breakfast was like any other breakfast I've ever had at any other 24 hour / late-night breakfast-serving diner...  My bf, however, opted for the prime rib dip.
I was so jealous when his prime rib French dip arrived at our table.
With an extremely generous portion of pink, juicy prime rib between two halves of a baguette, who wouldn't be jealous?!
I had never really seen any restaurant be so generous with meat before.
My bf was so generous to share a couple bites with me.
:) Its taste so deliciously reflected its presentation and divine looks.
Next time I'm going with the prime rib dip!

BBQ burger was delicious!
I was there with a large party and had a chance to see how their menu items were plated.
Everything was huge!
I heard nothing buy compliments from others that what they had ordered was good.
They were also able to split our check however we wanted so it was easier to check out.
They had the sheets of paper at the tables to play keno, an attendant came over to us.
The multiple TV's in the dining area allowed us to see if we won.
I would recommend this cafe to anyone staying at the Orleans.

Didn't actually eat here.
Waited 15 minutes and still no wait staff came so we bailed and had an awesome meal down the hall at the buffet for probably even cheaper!
(Breakfast at the buffet is less than $10!

this place is inexpensive - not cheap - inexpensive.
The menu is huge!
I dont recall anything over $15.
The service is accurate, attentive and warm.
If you find yourself way off the strip and/or gambling an The Orleans give it a go.

The food here is pretty good considering it is from a cafe in a casino.
I was expecting more cajun or creole style menu items though.

Good place for a meal while at the Casino playing.
I drove across town to try the prime rib.
I was looking for a great meal at a great price.
The meal was average for the price.
Friend had a BBQ hamburger that looked great.
Mostly sandwiches and cafe food there at a reasonable price.

have to ask for refills and waitress just stands around after taking your order everyone walks around with an attitude and its depressing and horrible service.
this will be the last time I come here

service so poor it was almost not there!
many open table sso we do not understand this.
it took 5 minutes to get the menu.
10 more minutes to get water and coffee (this was 11am!).
I was ready to walk out when the hostess took our order.
Took another 20 minutes to get my ham steak and eggs with hash browns and toast.
WIfe's order of turkey wrap came another 5 minutes later.
And we were not the only ones complaining on a slow wednesday.
good grief what happens on busy weekends!
go there at your own risk.
you have been warned!!
No apologies, no eye contact, NO TIP!
cannot rate 'good for' question below except good for nothing?

excellent eatery, however steer clear of one particular waiter named "TED" who is either on speed ,or Coke , or diet pills, he rushes you like no tomorrow when taking your order, and makes everyone seated at his table very uncomfortable with his speedy Gonzalez attitude, other than that one bad apple , everyone else is great, and the food is also.

uh Oh, gotta change my review, went last night ordered the graveyard breakfast steak and eggs, Steak was very cold, eggs was cold, hashbrowns were also luke warm; Food just wasnt hot at all from the kitchen, nor was my partners plates.
Okay , in all fairness to The Courtyard cafe, I noticed every other table around us that patrons were all ordering the exact same thing and that was the Prime Rib Dip so that must be the one good thing that they have.

I thought, the cafe would be worth a try.
Started off ok, my date and I got seated immediately, got drinks right away, ordered in a decent amount of time.
Then the appetizer (onion rings) came out along with my chicken noodle soup.
The onion rings were good, not overly oily, good crunch, good taste, and a big dish of ranch, I was happy.
Chicken noodle soup was not as good.
The noodles were soggy, chicken was dry, and overall had very little flavor.
Entrees came very quick, we had barely gotten the onion rings.
My fish and chips were very oily, there was oil dripping on the plate, the fish was bland, although the fries were decent.
My dates turkey burger was also fairly dry and flavorless.
Needless to say we did not finish the meal.
Overall it was a little under decent, would definitely think twice before going again.

the only reason this place even gets one star is because the service was good.
the food was horrible.
burgers taste like a bad version of burgerking, the fries taste PASSABLE, the pasta overcooked, the sauce wasnt too horrible, the pasta was hard, and the meatballs were by far the worst ive ever had in my life... they were oddly mushy and tasted horrible.
im guessing they were made a week ago, then frozen, then left out for a week lol.

I came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning trying to get in an out quick for cheap...
It's the most important meal of the day don't cha' know!!!
I ordered: French Quarter Breakfast Served with buttered toast, potatoes, Two Eggs Any style  and sausage for $7.49 (photo attached)  When I booked this hotel I was told that I got a free breakfast...
Didn't mention where in the hotel, but this place seemed like the logical answer.
As I ordered my food I mentioned this and the waitress said she would look into it.
By the time she told me I was at the wrong place to receive this discount, I had already started eating!
The food was good, hot and quick, but not free or even cheap.
After coffee and OJ, the total was about $14 with tip... Not cheap by any meals, especially because I was told it would be free!
I would probably come back because its convenient, but I would ask about the discount before you sit down if you get the same deal that I did.

The prime rib dip is to die for...  $10.99 and worth every penny of it.
The best part, is that you can get it morning, noon or night.
I prefer the prime rib dip for breakfast with hash browns... it's about a pound of very tender prime rib on a grilled french roll with hot au jus for dipping.
Everything else seemed acceptable, with the exception of the scrambled eggs that my daughter ordered.
Looked and tasted like powdered eggs??

If you're a Vegas native and you know how hotel cafes work, then this is one where you only come to satisfy your hunger for whatever part of the day it is.
The service is standard, friendly but of course there is nothing to be wowed about or anything to expect.
Designed like your typical hotel cafe, with the typical themed atmosphere from which the cafe was named after (and this place is actually designed quite nicely after its name).
Prices are what you would expect at a hotel cafe, and there is a variety of choices to have from breakfast items, sandwiches, and burgers.
If you're staying at The Orleans, this would probably be your place to stop for a quick breakfast or lunch before you get on your way with the day.

We had a $10.00 coupon so we wanted to give this place a try!
I like that this 24 hour casino cafe is more adventurous with their menu then the others in town .
I've been to a few and have never seen a crab cake sandwich ($10.99 )on the menu.
I automatically knew that I'd rather get that then a burger or a turkey sandwich.
The crab patty was crunchy on the outside and was filled with sweet crab meat.
It is served on grilled  Focaccia bread with lettuce, tomato , coleslaw and roasted tomato tarter sauce, I ordered the potato salad as my side.
It was delicious!
I'd like to go back and sample from their Hawaiian menu.

Can I give it -5 stars?
BEWARE!
I ordered steak and eggs for the late night special.
I took a few bites out of my steak, at first thinking it tastes strange, maybe just not the highest quality.
My wife tasted it and spit it out, saying it was "rancid".
I was very nervous that I might get food poisoning.
The hostess was nice, not charging us, and they got security involved to take a statement in the event that I got sick.
It was disappointing that they never called me the next day to check to see how I was feeling, but that goes with the territory, I guess.
Mistakes happen I guess, but the waitress said , "The steaks are marinated because they are of lesser quality".
I've had great steaks (Canal Street), steaks that were in the freezer for awhile (with lesser taste), and even cheaper quality steaks but nothing tasted like this.
Late night steak specials at other restaurants, (Ellis Island, etc) cost about the same, and are MUCH MUCH better.
At best the steak was spoiled, at worse, I don't want to speculate.
It's ironic that the Orleans has the best steak restaurant in town (Canal Street) and the worst as well.

I've been to the Courtyard Café many times as a tourist and less as a resident.
We met friends who are staying at the orleans for dinner last night and they chose the Café.
I got the Cobb salad wrap with Cajun fries.
Wonderful!
My wife had the chicken cutlet and she liked it.
Our two friends were pleased with their meals, so it was a happy table.
For dessert, two of us got the chocolate brownie dream.
It was a good size brownie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and some whipped cream.
Perfect ending to the meal.
This place merits the 4th star for their Cajun fries alone!
That certainly kicks everything up a notch!

Call me cheap but I'm not used to steak and eggs that go over $5 during graveyard hours.
Here, it's $6.99, but I had hope that maybe the quality was better than other graveyard steak & eggs places.
Unfortunately, I was mistakened.
The portions are larger than others by a fraction but all in all, the virtually the same except you pay $3 more.
Scrambled eggs were cooked surprisingly well.
And lastly, some crappy potatoes.
The hash browns tasted like papers.
Oh, and they add a random slice of melon with your dish.
Overall, not too impressed.
I'd rather go to South Point where I'd get the same for better(somewhat).
Nothing fancy here unless you're starving.

This place is classic.
About a dozen years ago, kids used to come here after midnight to eat $3.99 steak and eggs.
Times have changed, and I'm not sure if kids still do this, but if you're looking for some cheap/semi-delicious food, you should visit Courtyard Cafe.
Portions are huge!
Don't expect anything super delicious.
Just expect to get full.

Went for the November $7.11 Lobster Tail and Steak Special.
Special starts at 7p and is served at the cafe.
Long line but they seated 50 people in less than 5 minutes.
Took order right away and got served by 7.15.
Lobster tail, steak, baked potato, fresh made string beans.
melted butter, whipped butter and sour cream put on table automatic.
Food was great and server was supper nice.
They serve about 1000 of these plates everyday between 7-11 for $7.11 with players card.
Special last all November.
Gotta be the best meal deal in town right now.

Nightly 7 pm - 11 pm $12.11 (for B Connected card holding members only) for Steak & Lobster: 5 oz steak, 3.5 oz lobster tail, potato & green beans    http://bit.ly/UWCBvv  5-stars because: - For all of Nov 2012 they offered that deal for $7.11, which I had for dinner on Wed/28 Nov.
But, they extended the Nov 2012 steak & lobster extra low price ($7.11 from $12.11) to include Dec 2012.
I plan on getting it again in Dec.
Remember: $7.11 offer only for B Connected card.
- Ernesto, my server, was excellent - Food was pretty good and definitely filling (dinner also came with 2 bread rolls) - At $12.11 I'd rate them 4-stars but at $7.11 they're 5-stars.

If you're driving to Las Vegas up the 15 and you see the billboard advertising the steak and lobster special, don't bother unless you don't mind tough and chewy lobster and an even tougher steak.
Also, the prices are misleading as to get the low advertised price, you have to sign up for their players club, which a lot of their wait staff were really pushing that night I stopped in.
Service was awesome but expect the food to be the casino cafe usual.
Cheap and not very good unless you happen to be drunk and need to get something into your system other than more alcohol.

Gross.
Gross, gross, gross.
Not my choice to dine here.
The food is super greasy, inauthentic, and unpleasant.
Even the fruit cup had stupid fruit- you know, the kind that's not ripe and isn't varied.
There are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, and not all of them are expensive.
If you're using yelp, please, go find a better spot for breakfast.

I've gone here numerous times and left very satisfied.
Food is good and plentiful.
It is by no means an upscale bufet but honestly upscale doesn't work for me as I don't care for that kind of food.
You will get down home foods here - ham, chicken, ribs and pork loin on the carver stations, a Mexican area with cheese enchiladas, beans, rice and taco fixings, a Asian grill area where you can decide what goes in.
Nathan even stopped to tell the manager how well it measured up to many on the strip.
My one BIG issue is the smoking in the casino.
It's horrid.
Not really the cafes fault but ick.
I'd definitely ask for an interior table in the restaurant as it makes a BIG difference.

I'm a regular patron of the Orleans casino and have visited courtyard cafe many times during the past few years.
This cafe has gone from good to mediocre and now just plain bad.
A few recent visits has confirmed that this place is now sucky (is that the right spelling?
LOL).
The main problem with this place now is the quality and freshness of the food.
I have ordered different kinds of food during recent visits and noticed they were pretty low quality.
The steaks and prime rib have smelly and weird taste, under seasoned, and wasn't cooked property (under seared, etc..).
They added a few Asian entries back on, but stay away because it doesn't taste anything like their names and they were so so so so so bad.
If I own this casino, I would have fired whoever cooked this food and their manager for even serving these pieces for garbage.
Now let talk about service.
Most of the servers in the cafe don't seem to care about customer service at all and barely crack a smile, but I didn't care as long they do their jobs.
During all my experience, there was only one server that made your experience dining there pleasant.
Her name is Vivian and that's the role model for other servers to learn from.
She treated all her customers with smile and pleasantry, and checked up on them regularly.
Every time I got her table, I always gave her 50% tip and felt she deserved every pennies of it.
If you stay or visit Orleans casino, I recommend you visit Prime Rib Loft or TGI Friday, they are both excellent in term of food and service.

Ugh.
This place...not good.
We usually end up coming here for breakfast at least once when staying at The Orleans for Viva Las Vegas.
Why do we continue to go then you may ask?
We go because it serves breakfast all day (the buffet is better, but  breakfast ends quite early)  and is convenient, and cheap which works when you have a hang over and you're short on time.
There is so much going on at once, so  it's not always easy to go elsewhere off site, that and/or the thought of getting in the shuttle bus to the strip is more than your pounding head can stand.
Unfortunately, The Orleans is full of pretty bad food choices generally speaking.
The food is mediocre - the toast comes covered in this spray butter crap which makes it limp and damp - who knows what's in that shit.
Even when you request dry toast they put it on.
You have to request REAL cream for your coffee, or you get this cream replacement that is probably made from some sort of nasty oil product and coloured white.
Not to mention it's been sitting on the table for who knows how long.
GROSS!
The food is inconsistently prepared -  you can ask for eggs over easy, and they can arrive medium, overcooked, or under cooked...you just never know.
I can't speak about how the rest of the food is, as we don't go there for anything other than breakfast..
The service is pretty crap too.
I ordered a Mimosa when I placed my food order, and waited 20 minutes for it.
I tried to ask about it, but the servers here have the art of not making eye contact with customers down pretty good.
There are a bunch of servers running back and forth, but they don't often seem to be carrying anything.
Our server disappeared completely for awhile, and I couldn't get anyone else's attention.
By the time I got her, I told her that if my Mimosa wasn't coming right now, to just cancel it.
She said it was and said something about having to go to the bar to get it (What?
) We got our food, and a few minutes later, I got it.
Bloody hell, seriously?!
I had intended to have one before I started eating, and then probably get another along with my breakfast.
I'd probably stuck there until it was time for lunch if I'd ordered a second one!
Over all, this place seems really disorganized.
Yes, the place is busy, but holy hell people, not only is it Easter long weekend, but there are probably at least 1000 people in the hotel specifically for the Viva Las Vegas weekender!
That's not new info to the hotel or staff as it's been going on at this location for quite some time now.
This last visit on the weekend was the worst I've experienced here yet, so hopefully it improves next year.

Been here several times since the casino's ownership change.
Service here has suffered along with menu selection.
They nixed the Chinese menu altogether.
Also, servers are not as friendly or expedient.

While staying at Orleans to earn Mandatory Continuing Legal Education credits at a three-day seminar on Managing Use of Force, Diane and I sampled the Courtyard Cafe for the first time.
Not knowing their portion sizes, I ordered Louisiana Style Gumbo AND Hot Roast Beef.
I quickly learned that the gumbo was a meal in itself!
Served in a giant bowl, this tasty, jumbo-sized soup was down and dirty, slow cooked and chock-full of spicy sausage, cuts of chicken, celery, and rice bobbing in the currents of a thick Brown Roux.
But not a speck of seafood was in sight.
A Dinner Salad was graced by excellent hearty French Dressing over bright red Cherry Tomatoes, two types of greens, cucumbers, and croutons.
Numerous cuts of thin Hot Roast Beef slathered in earthy Brown Gravy were good and saucy, although the gravy-topped Mashed Potatoes accompanying the meat were a bit lumpy.
Diane enjoyed her Fish and Chips, which were ample and fairly standard other than being paired with a small Corn on the Cob.
Service was friendly and very good except that a small paper container filled with mayonnaise was mistakenly presented by our server instead of requested butter.
We were both quite full and satisfied when we left our table!
3-1/2 stars!

We're starving, quick fix after the club.
Steak and egg special!

We went to lunch with the family who are in town an staying at the Orleans.
3 of us had the hot turkey sandwich which was great.
The turkey was tender just enough an the mashed potatoes good.
stuffing was ok a little bit to much sage for me but was ok. Service was good an very friendly.
All In all all the food we had was great.

As hotel guests of The Orleans we opted to use our $20 dining credit at this cafe.
The portions were large but the positives pretty much stop there for me.
My Philly Cheesesteak wasn't especially tasty.
Our waitress seemed like she was really unhappy to be working and always seemed eager to rush away from our table even though the restaurant was less than half full.
In my next visit to The Orleans hotel I won't be dining at the Courtyard Cafe.
There are better dining options as well as a food court.

We ate there several meals while staying at the Orleans for a military reunion.
Very nice menu with lots of specials for all meals, such as steak and eggs at $6.99 for the "graveyard shift"  and prime rib for $13 at normal dinner hours.
Quality was fine.
Service was friendly and good-natured, if a bit slow due to heavy traffic.
Open 24/7 and very convenient as well as casual.
A good meeting/chatting place as well.

After a couple hours of post-midnight bowling, our group was pretty hungry and came here for some late-night eats!
We all ordered the $7.99 8 oz.
Sirloin steak that came with 2 eggs (any style), hash browns, and toast.
A great steal!
One thing that I wished I had done was ordered it as "rare" instead of "medium rare.
" My steak was a bit tough than normal.
My friend's "rare" steak had a more tender outcome, which was what I had wanted.
But other than that, the eggs and hash browns were just as delicious.
But other than that, service is friendly.

Don't expect a lot when dining here.
Sort of a you get what you pay for kind of thing.
Main reason why I only gave one star is because I was shamed for asking if they gave military discount.
Fine if you don't but don't make me feel bad for something so simple!
I had no idea asking for military discount made me look poor!
Boy the stares I got from these people..smh.

At 3 am it was OK ..I guess u can't go wrong with $6.99 for steak and eggs right?
I wanted something nicer but we didn't find anything :'( that was open :'( plus my pal had to get to school in a few hrs :-/

Food is OK at best.
Food takes forever to come out.
Do not eat here if you want good food or if you're in a hurry.
I'd actually recommend going to the buffet over cafe.
Same crap same price but buffet offers a bit more items.

Our server couldn't properly take our orders.
I ordered prime rib medium-rare with mashed potatoes and gravy.
I received medium prime rib with mashed potatoes and no gravy on my mashed potatoes.
My mom ordered her prime rib medium-rare but received well-done prime rib.
My prime rib was dry, over cooked and not tender at all, very mediocre.
The only plus is that the lady who served our beverages was very nice and more attentive than our server.

Prime rib sandwich is quite good.
Ask for a side of horseradish since it doesn't come with it.
Good sandwich with tons of meat on it.

I like many food places at the Orleans.
This is not one of them.
It is cheap price.
But this is one of those times when you get what you pay for.
It is edible, that is about it.
I had breakfast and when i finished i wish i would have went to Denny's.
this place food quality is below Denny's.
Service was slow.
Food was terrible.
I would not return.
There are many other good fast food places in th eorleans that are better.

This is my top three places to go eat in Vegas.
Awesome and very inexpensive prime rib, and canjun fries!!!
The food is as good as any good diners in the city at a fractional of the price.
There was no wait either.

Three stars for this.
My wife ordered the Won Ton Soup but didn't like it.
I had chicken parm which was good, kids had a huge burger and Chinese chicken salad, these three items were good.
The service was really average.
If need be we would eat here again.

Small cafe, located inside the casino.
My only reason for stopping was cause I had a meal voucher to redeem.
Food was just ok, nothing to write home about.
Casino food!!
But the three stars is for the server, I do not remember his name but he was the nicest server I have ever had in my whole entire life.
Very very polite, very attentive and on point the whole time.
This guy needs a raise.
Sorry I dont remember his name :(

This time, while staying as a guest of the Orleans for placing third for Scariest Costume at its Halloween Party, I selected some Chinese favorites for lunch.
Wor Won Ton Soup packed a fine broth with pork-filled wontons, shrimp, excellent mushrooms, Green Onions, and very good soup noodles.
And, while Mongolian Beef was really fiery with four hot Red Peppers modulated by al dente broccoli and Green and Red Bell Peppers, the wok-fried beef was mostly lean but a little tough.
And, Diane's Scrambled Eggs were cold and a bit runny.
Service was good.
Soy Sauce was brought to the table as requested.
And seating was comfortable.
So, overall this dining experience was pretty good, but not rave worthy.
XXX-1/2 overall!

Very unsatisfied with the FOOD.
Service was great, but our steak and double cheeseburger were burnt - not to mention the fries were just dabbed with seasoning in the middle and not spread out, COLD TOO.
I used to enjoy coming to their café for their graveyard specials, but now it seems the cook is different.
I don't really recommend coming for a quick bite to eat there.

Not the greatest place.
We had to ask the host where our server went.
Didn't see him for a good half hour.
The foods alright.
I went at about 1 am, it's a fun place to go after hours just to hang out with friends.
But don't recommend it If you just want to get in & out fast or even if you want to have a satisfying meal.

My friend and fellow Yelper SueSue and I came here late one night with Piper.
I had no idea what a disaster it would have been or we would have went somewhere else.
It was very late so we happen to be craving breakfast and where in the neighborhood, literally passing by so we stopped.
We all ordered the steak and eggs breakfast which sounded good at the time.
First of all the SERVICE sucks!
The waiter was as excited about his job as he was to go and have his balls waxed!
We will revisit this and the reasons behind it coming up.
My meal comes and my toast is burned black, I had asked when I placed my order that my toast please not be burned.
Perhaps that is just one of my pet peeves, I just can't do burned toast so I always inform in advance as a courtesy to them and I.
My toast is replaced 10 minutes later, sighs.
My steak was tough and rubbery, had I not had a steak knife it would have been barbarian style eating this night!
My scrambled eggs were overcooked and rubbery, the taste of that bite in my mouth was FOUL.
That is another thing  I dislike is over cooked eggs, I am a cook and that is a No No on my list and a mistake that people often make while preparing eggs.
So I asked the server if he would replace them for over easy instead.
The server comes back later with a plate and fork to scrape the scrambled eggs off of my plate.
This was one of the most awkward and weird things that I have encountered in my years of dining.
As this is happening for what seemed an eternity, my friends are and I are looking at each other completely buffoon baffled.
To make a long story short, the service sucks, the food sucks and this crap house of a café is crossed off of my list!
This is by far one of the WORST breakfast meals I have had in my life!
Enough said.

We have tried this place at various times and I can now confirm, do not waste your time here.
30 minutes for a glass of water and they had less than 3 dozen customers.
The food is always tasteless and over cooked.
Save yourself the disappointment.

We had to get breakfast near the lost and found place where I had to retrieve my lost camera, and decided on Courtyard Cafe.
The staff were great!
we had the chicken fried steak was average and not crunchy according to my tough critic.
Personally I never eat the stuff.
Coffee was ok.
I enjoyed the blueberry pancake stack and a couple of eggs.
The price was reasonable..
It was fun seeing the Rockabilly people all dressed up for their convention.
I think our waitress was Angelica who was good.
The main attraction here is being in a quiet quick breakfast place.

I've been coming here ever since I was a kid!
From late night hunger pains to free comp coupons from my mommma.
Either way, service and food has always been excellent!
The servers are helpful and knowledgeable about the menus.
I recommend this place!

the Courtyard Cafe at the ORLEANS, is my go to place for some good comfort food.
i recommend the REUBEN .........  it is my fav and the Cobb salad or Cobb wrap is another good choice.
depending on what time u visit ........ a lot of locals eat here.
the service has always been fine, but sometimes the CC is very crowded.
i like the CC and will continue to dine there while at the ORLEANS.

Located inside The Orleans, this place is great for late-night eats for cheap!
It is not too far from The Strip so if you coming from there, it is a quick taxi cab ride here.
What I love about this place is their "Hawaiian" Special.
I always get the Oxtail Soup.
It comes with a big bowl of oxtail soup with bok choy and broth that is made to perfection with a side of rice.
I grew up on this dish and I know whats good oxtail soup and what's not good.
I have to say that it is as good as it gets here and it is only $9.99!
They also have a $6.99 steak and eggs special.
The steak is huge and made to your liking.
Ever since they had the oxtail soup special, I stopped getting this only because I guess.. its that good!?
Service is fast and amazing.
Everyone here I feel like is super friendly and they make you feel welcomed and at home.
The servers talk to you and really seem to care about your time at the cafe!

Good stop for breakfast.
Reasonably priced as long as you don't change the way it us on the menu (subbing fruit or English muffin add $1.50) good choice selection and pretty quick service.
UPDATE- I ordered a mushroom omelette abs was given SAUSAGE!!
I don't eat pork !!
Very upsetting.
But accidents happen.
Wish our server would have written our order down rather than trying to do it from memory.

I would maybe go here if I were comped tickets.
The clam chowder was watery, the turkey wrap tasted like it had been sitting in a fridge for three days.
And the service was mediocre.
This is the kind of restaurant that you go to if someone else is buying because it's certainly not worth your money.
Don't waste your time at this dump.

