the PCD lounge is a real fun place to spend the nights with your girlfriends.
i'd say it's fun for the guys too because of all the eye candy that is flying around but at the same time, there are far too many girls in there than guys.
the thing is, they regulate the guy to girl ratio.
so, it's hard to get your guys in at the same time as you.
if there are two to three girls to every guy, that isn't bad.
they will probably let them in pretty easily.
there are guys who pass out coupons and things all the time but those aren't valid all the time.
sometimes, the ydecide to change their policy.
regardless, it's real posh and it's real fun.
their drinks aren't bad but i was looking to be a little more tipsy than that.
it was fun!!
i'd go back...NO GUYS = NO LINE

This is the smaller version of Club Pure, when Club Pure is closed it's just one part of the club.
It's a small room with a stage and a bar.
I wouldn't waste my time there unless you can see the actual Pussycat Dolls.

I've visited this place around the time it first opened.
It was an OK experience.
The Pussycat Dolls actually performed and that was pretty entertaining.
It's a great place to go if you're looking to grab a drink and hang out.
I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for a Vegas club experience just because compared to other places it really is just a lounge.
It's nicely decorated, but one star goes out to being really small.
When I went, it got pretty crowded and cramped.

Some of the girls decided to take a few lessons on how to work a stripper pole.
So we called the club before heading out to vegas to schedule something.
Trust me ladies it's not as easy as it looks especially in heels!
After a few twirls I got the hang of it but I will definitely be keeping my day job.
The instructor was totally cool and patient.
NOTE: bring comfy wedges or flip flops so you can change in between twirls.
and if you don't want to wake up the next day with bruises, wear pants.
When we came back at night it turned into a posh little lounge, kinda had the "red light special" feel to it.
Some of the dancers looked liked a little older for this kind of lounge or maybe it was all that make up.
As for the guy/girl ratio, it seemed to be even.
The drinks are alright but id consider this the first stop after dinner and before a night club.

SO FUN!
It's a live show and it's awesome!
Although it's not the Pussycat Dolls that are the singers, these Pussycat Dolls are amazing singers and dancers.
They know how to work the stage and the audience!
It's a burlesque style lounge.
There's not much seating available, but it's not that bad to be standing.
They put on 2 shows nightly and they really rock it.
The place gets a little cramped around showtime, but I guess that's expected.
The drinks are a little expensive, but it's Vegas after all!

If you enjoy Burlesque, then be sure you don't miss the Pussycat Dolls Lounge right next to PURE Nightclub.
In response to one of the reviews, below, yes, PCD and PURE  exude completely different vibes.
PCD is definitely more fun because of the live and risque (but not by Vegas standards) entertainment, which makes it well worth coming here in my opinion.
The Dolls are sexy, mesmerizing, SUPER flexible, and just plain hot!
So fun to watch!
Didn't even care that I had only had one kind of pricey drink.
Will return here at least once more in my life.

I really enjoyed the LIVE show.
It was wayyyyy better than I thought.
Plus its free if you get there early :)

i heart this lounge.
A lot.
you get so into it that you forget to blink.
we were really lucky to be so close to the center, so i didn't even notice the older sleazy Vegas men with fake tans sitting behind us until i went to the loo.
the drinks were ok, but i forgot to sip my martini as i was watching.
they do things that normal people don't even think about.
the girls are beautiful and all have perfect bodies, lots of cleavage and vampy makeup.....so if you are a strong girl, bring your boyfriend....if not.....just don't do it.
All i heard as we were leaving were girls saying to their guys, "would you want me to look like that?
" or "is that the kind of girl you like?"........
poor guys.
i was happy to let the pussycat dolls shake their booties right in front of my boyfriend.
he took me to Nathan's hot dogs earlier that night for dinner, so watching the PCD girls shake it was the only exciting thing that was going to happen to him that week.

It's chill... nothing really special about this place... just usually packed with guys  =/  The drinks get more expensive as the night goes on....  sucks!

Everytime i have been here it was because it was connected to Pure.
I often would usually consider it part of pure.
They have good dancers, it is a small lounge.
When I'm in Pure I usually spend the least amount of time in here, I just really can't get into hanging out in this room.
It is chill but the other parts of Pure are better.

These girls put on a fabulous show!
They should be the ideal of what a young woman's sex appeal should stand for.
Phenomenal performance!

This was a decent place to chill & get drinks , too bad its gone now.
I had to add the late review just so I can add to the list lol

