Honest, and friendly.
What more could a girl want?
Especially when it comes to taking care of your car.
I brought in my car to get a brake check and Robert was extremely helpful.
I didn't feel like he gave me any lines or tried to take advantage of the fact that I was of the female persuasion.
In fact, instead of fixing my brake and taking my money, he told me that the issue should be fixed under warranty still.
He even told me the best way to deal with the dealership to ensure they didn't try to skirt their responsibility.
I watched the way they interacted with customers also, and found that they had an extremely good rapport, especially for a place that has been only opened for a couple of months.
I'm definitely going back for any other service I may need in the future.

I am going to echo the previous reviewer (Margeret).
The staff at this location has been very honest and fair with us.
We have taken 3 cars to this location over the last 2 years and have had a similar experience.
When my wife dropped her car off, she was treated the same way I was, which sadly isn't always the case at auto-repair shops.
I have purchased a couple of sets of tires and, to my knowledge, the pricing is middle-of-the-road.
I took advantage of their buy 3, get 1 sale, which was a huge help since my tires run upwards $200/each.

Very friendly and honest!

Friendly, honest, good with customers,  yes.
Epic fail at scheduling and respecting peoples time.
I had made an 8am appointment to finish some work on my vehicle, because when I was there to get oil and basics done I had my 2 small kids waiting with me.
Didn't want to entertain them during the 1 hour plus process for the rest of the work to be done, so I made the appointment to bring it back.
I arrived at 8AM, and it was 8:30 before they even pulled it into the bay.
The only reason I am so irritated about this is because the "nice friendly honest" guys up front had told me if I made an appointment early I would be in and out in a half hour, as opposed to walking it in in which case it would be back up to 1 hour plus.
I ended up having to take an extra hour off work than what I had planned due to this inconsiderate scheduling.
Pretty disappointed, the Firestone where we lived in Phoenix was far better, and unfortunately I am driving a company vehicle which requires me to go to these places.

Getting worse not better.
1:30 appointment for a diagnostic and charge the AC, got the car back after 6:00pm.
Sent a poor 17 year old kid to pick us up as their courtesy driver once it was finally ready to go.

I have been here on 2 different occasions and have been pretty well ignored.
I waited between 15-20 minutes just to be helped at the counter.
The men behind the counter were chit-chatting with their other (male) customers about topics you'd expect to hear about in a more social situation.
It was all very awkward and uncomfortable for me.
I can understand a wait, but, on 2 separate occasions, I had to wait for the "social hour" to be over before I was even approached.
I went back the second time because I thought I'd been overreacting from first visit.
Nope.
I will go elsewhere.

My mom's car had an issue with the battery or alternator!
Brought the car in for testing.
Service department said it was a bad battery, quoted me an outrageous price.
I figured since they already had it in their stall, go ahead and do it.
Brought my mom over to pick it up, when she started the vehicle.
The warning light came back on!!!
I am not going to allow her to drive this back to California with this risk!!!
So I brought the Service manager, and the mechanic who worked on it to the car.
i showed them the issue, he wanted me to look at the test paper!
Really!
You was just going to let my 63 yr old mother to leave your yard with a defect!!!!
So I went ahead and took the car to O'Reillys, they will test your alternator for FREE!!!!
Test showed it was a bad alternator.
I went ahead and bought one, took it to my house and replaced it.
Wow, the warning light no longer comes on.
I took the car back to Firestone, asked for the battery back, umm!
We no longer have the battery!
Really!!!
The only reason why I did not rate them at one star, because the manager tried to make amends for this.
He went ahead and credit me the electrical test!
I felt better that my mom had a new alternator and battery!
NOTE: Battery job cost more then the Alternator job!!!
Don't know if I will give this place another try???

We come here because of how close to the house it is, but I think I am going to sacrifice convenience.
I have had just a few too many negative experiences.
When I had my 4 new tires put on, I left and found a block down the road they didn't take care of the tire pressure, one tire was 20 pounds OVER and one was 20 pounds under.
20 POUNDS!!
When I turned around and went back, the customer service guy I delt with gave me attitude and excuses!!
Yesterday we took the hubby car in and was informed they had been using the wrong oil in the past, so they kindly gave him a %30 discount on this change, well when he picked the car up and went to pay, they wouldn't let him use his $15 off a purchase of $30 mailed coupon...
They said because they discounted it already... well it was discounted because of their mistake, and he still spent over $30, so he is still entitled to the coupon... so done with this place!

Whenever we drive from California to Phoenix, AZ, we always bring our car to this Firestone for service and checkup.
We have had tires, as well as brakes, serviced here.
The staff have always been friendly and helpful, and the manager, Nick, is extremely knowledgeable.
Nick is always direct and honest with us, and unlike other car service centers we've been to, has never tried to sell us anything that we did not need.
We trust and feel comfortable bringing our car here and would gladly recommend this store to anyone else!

