I lived in jersey for a bit, and my dad owned a deli there, so i have grown to appreciate an awesome jersey sub.
jersey mikes has no competition in my mind.
the service is awesome, so friendly.
My fave is the #9!

I ordered a regular(7"-$6.95) Big Kahuna Cheese Steak to go.
It has grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, jalapenos and extra cheese.
It was really good.
The bread wasn't even soggy and it took me 20 minutes to get home!

The only sandwich worth paying for.
I will not buy Subway or Quizono's as I think I make a better sandwich for less, but Jersey Mikes #13 Mikes way on white is the best sandwich going anywhere!!!
The best sandwich shop no matter where you go.
Have had it in CA and NV and is still my fav place to go for a good east coast style Italian Hoagi.
Used to live back east and is the only place that has captured the east coast classic Italian sub.
If you haven't had it you owe it to yourself to try it!
If you don't like it... well then... you  don't know what's good for ya!

Ordered the Chipotle chicken philly and it was delicious!
The family got cold subs and they were great too.
The meat freshly sliced when you order it.
They staff is great too.
Make sure you ask for a stamp card to save up for a free sub!

I work really close to here so I visit often.
The cold cut combo on wheat, done "Mike's Way" is my personal favorite.
The staff is friendly and remembers you when you come in.
Great quick healthy lunch!

don't go to the one off simmons in NLV, they havent figured out how to make the rolls in the past 6 years, and they will also drown your sub in oil and vinegar.

This was my first time getting a Jersey Mike's sandwich.
I'm normally more a Capriotti's girl, or Subway on my way home.
I decided to try Jersey Mike's a few nights ago since I was already in the area.
The main draw of Jersey Mike's is in their fresh sliced meats.
As in, they don't slice it until you order it.
The meats were flavorful, and had none of that slimy quality that Subway can get.
They have fewer topping options, mainly lettuce, onion, & tomato, which is why I only gave them 4 stars.
If you want cheese, you need to ask for it.
I went with the 13, with 6 types of meat, and put both the red wine vinegar and the oil on top.
The sandwich was good, at about the same price of Capriottis.
I will definitely come back, and work my way through the menu.

Probably the best place for Subs in Las Vegas.
Sign-up for there club, they will send you a FREE Sub and drink for your birthday.
REALLY FREE...........not a buy one get one.

I had never heard of Jersey Mike's until I moved to Las Vegas and I don't know if I'll ever go back to Subway!
All their meat is sliced fresh when you order it and their chicken breast is grilled to order (not some spongy chicken patty that Subway has).
I also like that they have wraps and that you can make any sub sandwich into a salad.
Cons: Not as many veggie toppings as Subway, and not as many bread choices either.
Overall, I like the quality of their meat and how everything was just super fresh.
This will be my new go-to sandwich place for sure!

Number#7 Mike's way no onions  :-) Staff is very friendly and professional.
I am a regular here and they are way better than subway or Port of subs

I'm generally not a fan of most chain sandwich stores because I feel like I can make it a thousand times better and healthier at home; but sometimes convenience takes priority and then you will see me at Jersey Mike's.
JM make juicy, flavorful sandwiches and they are close to where I live, which adds another convenience point to the list.
They also have wraps, plus you can order the sandwich as a salad.
Staff is friendly and fast.
The place is small but always clean.

Great service- they never disappoint!
All their ingredients are fresh!
Excellent quality meats and toppings.
We only have a half hour lunch and usually call the order in for pick up- always ready for us!
Definitely recommend!

Love love love Jersey Mikes!
This place seriously blows Subway out of the water.
Although Subway has more choices, this place has fresher food.
They slice the meat and cheese right in front of you!

Friendly staff, clean restaurant, and quick service!
If you are looking for a good affordable sandwich shop this is the place!

One thing that really irritates me is franchise locations that do not honor corporate coupons.
If this place did not have such high prices I might not mind, but its like $10 for a large sandwich.
Yikes.
I might as well eat at a sit down restaurant at these prices.
If you don't want to honor coupons then leave the chain.
The food's not bad, but nothing special.

Two of us went for lunch.
I ordered a steak sandwich.
My buddy who cant make up waited like 5 minutes to order and then ordered a sandwich.
They made his sandwich and he paid.
I was still waiting.
I asked whats the holdup and it turned out they never made it.
I watched the one guy put my stuff on the grill and the other guy scooped it up and and put it in the fridge.
I will not be going back.

I love this place.
The subs are always super FRESH and the service is always AMAZING.
We frequent this place a couple times a month.
I have only been to this location but the folks working are typically always the same group of folks.
The older gentleman who is often serving us is very friendly and kind.
If anything goes wrong they are quick to correct it and they give service with a smile.
Come here hungry though because even the "Mini" size is HUGE.
I recommend signing up with their value card because it gives you great coupons and free subs.

The staff is very attentive,  and welcoming.
The sandwiches are always so yummy.
I always get tuna, and it always tastes fresh.

It is really good went there with my mother in law.
Staff was so nice and the food was delicious I definitely will be back and bringing more people.

My husband and I passed this place on the way home from the other side of town and decided to give it a try.
We just called in our order for pick up.
The cute service was pretty friendly.
The sandwiches were pretty good.
We ordered regular sizes and they were pretty large, which is nice.
There was nothing bad about the experience, but it also wasn't the best sandwich ever.
I still prefer Jimmy John's.
But this place was pretty good.

There is a $6.99 lunch special from 11-3 weekdays that gets you a regular sub and a drink.
Not bad since most of the regular priced sandwiches are about $7 anyway.
The inside is clean and it's being run by a father-son team.
Father was wiping down tables and making sure customers were good the son was slicing meat and cranking out sandwiches.
I like the original italian and get it pretty much every time.
The sandwich has a good amount of different meats and just tastes good.
This place is way better than Subway any day.
I get it "mike's way" with the addition of mayo.
Get a shore points reward card and start earning free food with every purchase.

This Jersey Mike's in located in kind of a cramped shopping center.
I've stopped by this location a couple times now and and am glad to have a decent place to grab a sandwich for lunch when in the area.
The employees inside are nice.
I don't always remember my Shore Points Card, which accumulates points with each of my purchases towards free food, so it's nice that I can just give my phone number and they can look it up easy that way.
I don't know if this is the only location that does it because I haven't seen it at other locations, but currently they offer a daily lunch special from 11 am to 3 pm that costs $6.99 and gets you any regular sub and drink.
I like the "Original Italian" and "Club Sub" the best.
Mike's way of course!
The Italian has 6 different meats.
I'd rather pay a couple dollars more to eat subs here rather than Port of Subs or Subway because the meats, breads and cheeses just taste better.
They also had some "Chocolate Chip Cookies" which I never knew they had, so I got some and they are good!
You can place your order over the phone or online (you have the option to enter your shore rewards points online) for convenient pick-up.

Always choose this place for sandwiches.
Always have great service, clean & has my favorite chips variety.
It changes all the time, but they carry some great brands.
I even wanted my sandwich hot ( the employee overheard me talking) they made it hot even though it's not the norm.
I appreciated that.
I never, EVER go to Subway...JM is my choice on my day off, close to home.

