A dive bar where booze is cheap and drinks a re strong.
It is a good place to go once in a while to get a few drinks and hangout with friends.

Draw 10 is a fun convenient place to hang out if you live in the area.
I have friends who live next door so we frequent it often.
Good deals and good drinks.
Pool tables are also in the back part of the bar.
Overall it is a decent neighborhood bar.

This place is my neighborhood hang out.
It is a great dive bar that has great bar tenders who make very strong drinks, which also happen to be reasonably priced.
I go here often because its close convienent and a quiet place to get a drink.
It is the best place to get drunk and avoid the scottsdale/ Mill ave crowd and also meet some friendly locals.
The food isnt have bad either, good wings and burgers.

I love this place.
good food.
cheap beer.
great local people.
the bartenders are never stingy on the alcohol either!

Longnecks of Bud are cheap and cold!
I like this little bar because it has the right mix of random bastards that you can drink with and punch in the head when you're feeling rowdy.
They got some damn fine hot wings here too... especially the honey chipotle flavor.
Do yerself a favor and scarf some down rightquick!
Yah!

Pub Crawl Stop 6 (finale):This spot is just down from my office and the only spot that I visited using the light rail for my light rail pub crawl.
By this time I was completely hammered and although hungry, I didn't want to wait for the $5 special of burger, fries and domestic beer.
When you consider the domestic beer was $2, that's a good deal for the food - but I just ordered one domestic beer.
I can't recall much about this place.
I would like to go back when I am not so out of it because I have heard they have good food and great drink specials

This place is awesome, so awesome, its why I chose the apartments I did, because it's next to this bar......and work.
Its a great dive bar, and everyone gets along.
Regardless of race, gender, social class, everyone is there to have drinks and have fun.
Fridays are real busy, on the off days its quiet, so choose what you want, but a great place.
You can't find bars like this in Mesa or Chandler, which is why Phoenix is the place I choose now.

Hadn't noticed this place until a friend that lives in the area recently suggested it.
Not too far from Tempe, and a solid place to just relax and talk over drinks and food.
Now that I think about it, it's also a short walk from a light rail stop.
Highly recommend if you're looking for a bar with low low prices and something that's good mix of fun and laid back.

This is an awesome bar.
A great beer selection, lots of big screens to watch the games, and fun people.
I am in love with Orange Blossom beer.
Yummm!
You've got to try it!
They've got shuffleboard, darts, and pool tables so it makes for a good time!
I'm a fan!

Draw 10 has been the go-to bar for my friends and me for the past couple years.
With the new owner taking over sometime last year, it's gotten considerably better.
They proudly offer a good selection of local/Arizona craft beers on tap, as well as a nice selection of regional craft beers in bottles/cans.
Like others have said, the drink prices are super low, the food has a unique twist thanks to the chef, Mel and the service from the bartenders is impeccable.
So whether you're attending a spring training game at the nearby Oakland A's ballpark, jumping off the light rail or you're like me and can stumble home from this bar, it's definitely a super chill place where you can hang with your friends, maybe shoot some pool, load up on the jukebox and have a great time!

I dream about The Heater burger loaded with jalapenos and the tater tots!
The D10 is a great place to grab some dinner and one of my favorite local beers, an Orange Blossom.

Best place to hang out!
Drinks are awesome and the bartenders are fabulous!
They have a couple of pool tables, a jukebox, shuffleboard and other cool games.
Great location!
All in all, this a great bar.
I highly reccomend this place!

Fine place to stop and have a beer.
Just a little bar, tv's and some games.
Johnny Cash seemed to be the theme coming from the jukebox which I had no problem with, it fits the place well.

I frequeneted here during our A's Spring Training vacation... and I am SO glad we Yelped the area for bars, cuz this is the first bar that popped up + it's a dive, so i felt it was meant to be.
Showed up, got a beer right away, and proceeded to drink the night away for pretty cheap.
great local beer selection and I was astonished that i could get a pitcher of well liquor + mixer for $5 just by checking in at the Draw 10!
Also loved that if you go there before an a's game and show them your ticket, you can get a burger, fries + domestic draft for $5!!
and the reason this place gets 5 stars??
two words: SHUFFLE BOARD!

Spring Training A's baseball.
Draw 10 became our go-to pre-post baseball drinky drink spot this Spring Training season.
The outside is very unassuming but the vibe inside is cool.
Typical sports bar, pool tables in the back, patio area outside, large bar area, tvs everywhere including a large projection screen.
The bartenders were really cool.
Their beer menu is extensive.
The drinks are strong (I had to ask for more chaser).
The food is good too.
I recc the green chili mac n cheese.
$5 liquor pitcher with a Yelp check in!

Not sure why it took me so long to try the green chili mac n cheese but it is insane!
As good as the pulled pork sliders are, I think I have my new go-to.
So if you can handle a little spice, do yourself a favor and get this!

When will I get stabbed?
When my buddy wanted to meet up here yesterday that was my first thought.
Apparently since the light rail went in this area of town is less bad - it seemed cleaner than I remembered.
When I pulled up I was surprised to see so many cars here.
Once I made it inside I realized it was dive heaven.
I talking about a real authentic old-fashioned dive.
Being so close to Tempe (ASU), and with the recent influx of light rail housing the place has a healthy mix of art students, blue collar dudes, business geeks, and drugged-out weirdos.
Nice.
Note: Several craft brews on tap.
Advice to owners: The patio needs serious help.

Went here last night with a group of friends for an event we had planned.
I didn't get to try any of the food this time, but the drinks were affordable and the wait staff was very nice.
Our group was probably large for them, especially on a Monday night, and they handled us very well with good service.
Oh yea, another thing I noticed was a REAL dart board!
I was very excited to see this as it seems to be rare these days.

ATTENTION HIPSTER DOUCHE BAGS: THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU!!
Yea that's right go to Mill ave or whatever place you go to that we've never heard of.
This is my type of bar.
I'm in my mid twenties and I hate Mill ave.
I also dislike all the "hip" bars around town.
My idea of a good time is hanging out at a chill place where there are cheap food and drinks and where the pretension is left at the door.
I recently went to a Tempe bar where the service was abysmal.
I had to interrupt the bartenders conversation TWO times.
If I'm paying you money I don't want to have to wave my hands up and down for you to serve me.
Especially when it's a slow night.
I won't name names but suffice it to say that this bar is not the 'TOPS' at customer service.
Back to Draw 10, I came in and used my Yelp check in which is a $5 pitcher of alcohol.
$5!
Normally they have this special on Tuesdays only but if you check in using your Yelp app you can have it any day of the week.
So we got a pitcher of Vodka Tonic.
Really good.
We also came during happy hour.
The best happy hour.
Well drinks are $1.50!
The happy hour food menu is great too.
Another note here if you're a hipster foodie snob this place is also not for you.
Typical bar food like $2 french fries and jalapeno tater tots.
The biggest reason I will be back is the service.
A lot of bars that are popular with the "young" crowd feel they have to have a young mentality towards customer service.
For example acting bothered whenever putting in an order.
Waiting around forever while they finish talking about where their stupid meaningless band is playing this week.
Let me just say I went to Draw 10 on a Friday night and NEVER had to wait to put an order in.
It was pretty busy and as soon as I walked up to the bar I was served.
Incredible.
The staff was very friendly as well.
I do admit I live in downtown Tempe which makes riding to Draw 10 really easy.
It's about  a 10-15 minute bike ride from Mill ave.
I'm giving Draw 10 5 stars but I wish I could give it ten.
It's nice to know there are still quality bars around that treat their customer's right.

Great place to hang with friends eat some fantastic green chili pork and drink.
They have a great beer selection!

This was a Yelp directed stop after a long day of traveling and finally arriving in the Phoenix area.
The restaurant/bar is in a very odd location in fact we were not even sure it was open or the right place when we pulled up.
First impression was dive bar and we might have made a mistake when we walked in.
However everything was awesome from there.
Great selection of local Beers on tap and in the bottle with friendly service was a great start.
The burgers were amazing, clearly a hand formed beef patty which was HUGE and topped with texas toothpicks bacon and cheese.
Cooked to juicy deliciousness I never expected a burger of this quality coming from this place.
My quesadilla was the best one I have ever had, a huge triple decker hand put together with tender steak, onion, tomato and jalapeno in it.
The guys or gals in the kitchen clearly took some pride in the food they put out and it showed.
Everything tasted great and although the menu was simple it was classic Bar food done to a really high level.
Nothing fancy here, just great bar food with good drink prices in a no frills sports bar, just my kind of place.
When we come back to Phoenix, we will be stopping here for sure.
THANK YOU YELP FOR HELPING ME FIND THIS PLACE!!!
( I never would have found it w/o you!

This place makes me want to come to Phoenix more often.
We came here after an A's Spring Training game because it's right down the street and close to the freeway.
I half expected a third of the park to show up because it's one of the closest bars--- and it was happy hour on a Monday.
And there was a check-in special.
And there's plenty of space.
The place is a bit hard to find.
There's not much else around, so it looks like just another office building.
Unless you are actually looking for it, you'll completely miss the place.
WIN for us!!!!
We walked in, and there were 4 other people there.
The bartender was the only one working, so we sat ourselves.
Then we realized.... it's a bar.... of course you're gonna seat yourself.
The bartender was nice enough to come over with some menus and to take our drink orders.
She was SASSY!
and I loved it.
We ordered a round of beers, our $5 pitcher of liquor (check-in special), and waited.
And waited.
Other people started meandering in and our bartender got slammed.
BOO.
But lucky for us, her counterpart came in shortly and helped out.
We ordered Tot-chos (jalapeño tots w/ nacho toppings)- YUMMYYYY!!!!
I totally am still craving these.
And had to order another order shortly after.
I also had the corned beef sandwich---- HOLY CRAP it was the best corned beef sandwich I've ever had in my entire life.
So tender.
So juicy.
And came with tots!
The chipotle sauce they add on it was the perfect complement!
This is the sandwich I've always dreamed of.
We stayed for a few hours- drinking beer (great beer on tap, BTW), playing pool, playing shuffle board, and taking $1 kamikazes.
'Twas a wonderful monday night.
I will be back.

Dive bar?
I guess, but the food, drinks, service and atmosphere are top notch.
We ordered their BBQ Bacon Burger, Green Chile Mac & Cheese and Grilled Wings.
All were DELICIOUS!!!!
Bonus: they have shuffle board and Big Buck Hunter.
This bar is legit.
I plan on becoming a regular.

Agree w/previous review... location was "off" or better unexpected.
As was the great service (THANKS!
CHAD!
) and drinks we had during our visit.
The other patrons were very welcoming and we all started up great conversations.
Shuffle board!
YES!
This was my first time here and I can say that although it's not on my usual travel routes, I will actually go out of my way to stop by again.

I love this place.
It is comfortable, fun, and the food and drink rock!!!!
The owners are awesome and have made the place great.
For an easy going night with some great cocktails or drafts ---  check it out.
Be prepared to have a great time.

One of my favorite new sports/dive bars!
They have great drink specials and specials during games ($3 domestics and $5 Burger?).
Their weekend brunch menu is absolutely something to die for.
I am a vegetarian and my favorite dish here is ofc the Mac & Cheese, which is out of this world!
The staff is friendly and the ambiance is decent.
The place aint loud and you can actually have a conversation here.
oh and they have pool and shuffleboard.
Pool is free during weekends?

Was here for EVFN/ #TechPhx kick-off party.
I've never been before, but heard good things.
I wasn't disappointed.
They always get a room in the back for EVFN, and everyone was so nice, and prompt with taking orders and getting drinks to us.
I only had wings, but they were quite good!
They also have a good selection of drafts.
Good place- I will definitely go back!

They have pretty good food at this place.
very close to home.
the tots are so good!
good place to have a drink also.
free pool.
lots of specials.

On a recent Sunday, mid-day, met up with a few pals staying near the airport.
We needed to find a place to catch up in a hurry and I was stumped as to anything real close (not my neck of the Valley).
Yelp really didn't help me this time - turned up the bar at the Doubletree which was a joke.
One of the guys found this on Google and off we went.
Walked in and thought "man do we stick out like sore thumbs" and actually thought about turning around and leaving.
Reset my attitude and sat at the bar and was VERY pleasantly surprised.
Bartender was awesome, he took great care of us!
Food was good bar food (we stuck with burgers) and a large beer is a LARGE beer.
Prices were great (wasn't even happy hour).
I don't know when I became a smug judgmental snob but this place helped knock  me back to my roots and some of the dive bars I frequented back in the day.
Only issue was one drunk fellow that would NOT stop yelling at the TV, but it was the Raiders game so I can imagine he's a bit frustrated as a fan :)  So if I'm ever near the airport again and need a place, I'll start here first.

Ive driven by this place about a hundred times, but never visited until a friend had here going away party there.
Nice dive bar.
Good selection of liquor, the majority of the taps are local too.
Theres a pool table, some video games and shuffleboard, if youre so inclined.

Local watering hole.
Very friendly.atmosphere.
Angie the bartender was very nice and helpful.
Regular good bar food...
Exactly what you.would expect from this local joint

A must do in Phoenix!
Pool, darts, a shuffleboard, FANTASTIC bar food, colorful locals, all sorts of alcohol.
Very cheap, very dive (but they've remodeled so it's less dive now than it used to be), an outdoor smoking section, near the light rail (don't drink and drive, folks), lots of TVs, poker nights.
This place has it all.
Depending on when you go the crowd can vary drastically, but it's always a good time.
I practically lived there when I was in Phoenix and couldn't have lived near a better bar.
If you're not fully impressed the first time you go, give it another chance.
I promise it will become one of your favorite places, too.

My son and I found this place last year while on our annual baseball Spring Training trip.
We fell in love with it.
We were back again last week and actually went two nights in a row.
It's just a sports bar near the airport.
If you were not looking for it you could easily miss it.
How did we find it?
On Yelp of course!
You walk in and think Hmmm.
Should I stay?
Quite a few people here so venture in.
Kind of dark and believe me, nothing fancy.
But sit down and you will immediately be greeted by one of the extremely attentive, friendly, and helpful bartenders.
Ask for a beer list and you are told that no, they do not have one.
But the bartender is glad to patiently walk you through what they have on draft etc.
And they have a lot.
Great selection of local and regional brews on tap.
Now to the food.
At first glance the menu looks like typical bar fare.
A closer look shows some unique items such as Mac & Cheese topped with pulled pork and green chili.
Didn't try it but sounded good.
Several people around us were eating it and seemed happy.
We had burgers, wings, a spicy cheese steak, Jalapeno tater tots which were great and plenty of that great beer.
Only complaint is that the buns they use for the burgers etc are not at all robust enough to stand up to the awesome goodness of what's inside them.
In every case they disintegrated by the time you got through half the sandwich.
They need to step up the sturdiness of the buns.
Otherwise everything was outstanding.
Give it a try next time you're in Phoenix.
We'll be back again next spring for sure.

This is a total dive bar has the decor of a dive bar, smell of a dive bar, waitress of a dive bar, and customers you would find at a dive bar.
Staff was friendly and attentive, jukebox had some great songs for everyone and the food was really good they have a great selection of burgers with a ton of fixings.
I came on a Sunday night so there wasn't many people there but from the looks of it, it seemed to be locals where everyone knew everyone, cool little place I will stop by next time I am in the area.

Yep its a bar but you would not know it when you taste the food!
Order the turkey bacon club (with bbq sauce on the side) when it's the special.
Its amazing and I want it on the menu!

We were out walking in the area and decided it was time for dinner.
There weren't a lot of options in the area so we found this place on yelp and gave it a try.
I'm glad we did!
We "Checked-in" here to get the drink special which was a good deal!
But I was not expecting the food to be so good.
The menu is regular bar food but they excecute it really well.
I had a med-rare burger with cottage cheese as a side (by the way I'm happy they had more options than just fries :-)) they sprinkled it with a bit of paprika and it was a very nice touch.
I would have taken a picture but it was gone before I found my camera.
The atmosphere was very much like a rough and tumble bar.
A lot of the partons seemed to know the bartender pretty well.
She was really nice and chatty with everyone.
she also offered to move us when the folks behind us got a bit rowdy but really, you don't go to a bar and expect peace and quiet :-P so we didn't mind at all.

This places is great for the little dive bar that it is.
I dont mind going here on a friday after work with the coworkers.
The prices are decent and the crowd is very relaxing.... Watch out for the crazy ol' hags though!
Keep youre guys hidden cause they spot them and follow them like bo on a hobo!

Great place for a drink & a bite to eat.
3 visits in the last month, and definitely plan on returning.
Yea, it's a dive/sports bar.... but everyone seems real cool.
Staff is outstanding !!!!
Always friendly & helpful & keeping a great eye on things.
Drinks are reasonably priced and a decent poor.
TV's not so loud you can't talk to your neighbor.
Food... an amazing suprise !!!!
Expected typical frozen purveyor bar food with some spaced out kid in the kitchen.
Uh uh!!
Somebody actually cares what they cook :)   Burgers, wings, pulled pork.... all above average so far!
Plus, they actually cook your burger how YOU like, not what some corporate weinie attorney tells you how you have to eat your burger burnt to death so they won't get sued for serving sub-par meat cooked med-rare.
Draw 10 does it right!!
Not fancy, no snotty waiter asking to get a nice tip for kissing his butt.
Real people, real food!

I like to go here because the crazy ASU kids don't go here.
It reminds me if a bar out of a movie where all the people are just hard-working Americans looking to relax in a calm environment.

Just moved to Phoenix and my boyfriend talked up this place so much ...he didn't do justice!
I love dive bars and chill people and this place couldn't be better but their food is great too!!
The ladies at he bar are great and never leave your beer glass empty!!
Look forward to coming here and just relaxing!

I only found this place because of yelp.
It is a delightful bar with great service.
The daytime guy was super nice, got my drinks and food to me quickly.
When he found out i was in town on vacation, went the extra mile to get me the insert in the New Times about spring training.
We had a nice chat about Phoenix and how much it has changed in 20 years.
I might stop by there again before I leave town.
I highly recomment it  and prices are very reasonable too.

We gathered at Draw 10 before the Oakland baseball game.
The bar was full of baseball fans and enthusiasm!
The bartender was attentive...magners pear cider on draft (we like that) and the food was good bar food.
Prices were right...a fun place to be!

We're back in town for our annual spring training trip.
So of course our first stop for dinner after the game was Draw 10.
Same as previous years in every way.
Good food, good service, god beer list.
Had our usual great time.
See you next year!

