Not a bad farmers' market if you're in the north part of valley and don't want to make the drive to Downtown.
Its every Saturday morning till about noon and you can count on this place year round.
Good selection of vegetable and fruits courtesy of the relatively large stands by Windmill Farm as well as a couple of small vegetable vendors...I think some of these people actually are bringing in stuff from their backyard...but hey it's fresh.
Also the smaller vendor carried some interesting stuff like sweet Thai Basil.

I really enjoy a good farmers market but where I am from, they are usually only around for a few months.
I was really happy to discover this market on my way home from yoga one Saturday morning.
Finally the next week I remembered to have cash on me (most farmers markets are not equip with credit/debit machines..not yet) and was very happy to find some beautiful produce at reasonable prices.
I have been  going every Saturday for about a month or so and am starting to get to know some of the farmers.
If you are a tomato fan, you will LOVE the man who sells tomato's for $5 a pound.
May sound a bit steep but seriously, I have never had tomato's like this.
One less star for parking...it gets pretty busy around 10am  Check it out, its a fun Saturday morning activity!

What a fun little gem in the NE Valley ( NEPHO ?
)...I have been going frequently for the past month and have to say that I am pleasantly surprised!
What a great way to spend a beautiful Saturday morning  ( before the "burn" of summer ) and discover local goods...Salsas, soaps, honey, eggs, veggies, and on and on are there for your enjoyment.
In this day and age of being disconnected from those in our own community, this is a great place to reconnect.
I have vowed to try at least one or two new things every time I go and I cannot wait for next Saturday!
I almost feel "European" buying ingredients for a dinner later that night and knowing that it all came from my city, my state :)

This is an appropriate place to go if you want to feel good about yourself.
You spent the week eating fast food, speeding down the highway, and leaving the lights on.
Now Saturday has arrived and you can BUY LOCAL and tell all your friends about it.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't guilty.
In all fairness, this is a pretty cool market.
You can pick up a huge variety of produce along with some prepackaged awesomeness.
There's little more I love than buying a bag of delicious banana chips for a dollar.

If you haven't been to this Farmers' Market you are in for a real treat!
Prices aren't as good as I thought they'd be at a market, but the quality makes up for it (and most vendors will give you a smokin deal if you buy in bulk).
The produce is outstanding- So fresh and tasty!!
The farmers and vendors themselves are a bonus, too, friendly and generous with the samples, and really sweet with the little ones.
Look out for Great Harvest breads- we bought a loaf of carmel apple bread and we can't stop eating it!
It is soft and moist, and has little chunks of chopped apples and carmel.
I wish there were a little more variety- the produce is fresh and bountiful, and the food vendors have some great things (look for the pulled pork and green chili breakfast burrito, oh mannnnn they are awesome!
), but I wasn't so impressed with the crafts.
Hopefully there will be more as we near the holidays.
Most of what you'll find is so-so jewelry, some nice soaps and candles, and tie dye.
The parking is kinda crazy, but you can drive around to the back of the park and park on the street.
Hardly anyone parks there and you get a nice walk along the pond and through the playground.
Beautiful way to spend the cooler mornings with friends, your children or walking your dog.

Farmer's markets in Phoenix are always a let down... and this one is no exception.
There simply are no farmers.
There are one or two people who buy a bit of bulk produce and resell.
There are a couple of people who have cuttings and small plants... then there are the crafters  and resellers who sell cute little things they buy and embellish or make.
Depending on the time of year, there is a baker, and there is usually a person who makes olives or pickles.
I don't count the olive guy and the hot sauce guy as "farmers" because their products are actually made in commercial kitchens and have slick packaging so they can sell off their website.
Nope.... there just isn't a farmers market in Phoenix, but it is a nice place to walk when the weather is good and I feel like a nice walk.
For a real farmer's market:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/soulard-farmers-market-saint-louis

The most convenient Farmers Market in Phoenix for our family.
This is a great farmers market but if you do not arrive early forget getting the harder to find items like the first produce of the season, leeks, fresh eggs, or bulk worms for your garden or composter.
A few of these vendors also sell at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market on Sundays.
There is no live music but the people are friendly and the produce is far better tasting than what you get at Trader Joe's or Whole Foods.

This was my 1st experience going to a Farmers Market.
Wish I had my 1st experience at a cooler time of the year, weather-wise, it was hot as hell out!
My hubby, mama & I all went last Saturday morning around 9:30.
Parking was ridiculous so we parked about 2 blocks away.
We should have brought our dog Angel, next time, & by next time I mean in the Winter!
Any who, there were a decent amount of vendors there.
We bought a variety of items such as: sourdough bread, various fruits & veggies, pomegranate infused vinegar, pistachios & salsa.
It was a neat experience & I would definitely do it again!

I go at least twice a month to this farmers market and I have not been let down.
I am so happy to see more of the vendors carrying fresh eggs, they taste so much better than the store bought ones.
I plan on trying some of the grass fed beef and hopefully this week the Queen Creek Olive Oil company will be back.
I also think you should all find the Brittle man and try out his stuff.
Yummy!

I enjoy coming here every so often for some fresh produce and baked goods.
I live about one mile away so it is convenient.
The produce is always fresh and affordable.
It is a great place to find some of the more exotic items like fresh lemon grass and other greens.
I usually spend about $10 to $15 for a couple of bags of vegetables and then go home and do my gastronomic magic.
Parking can be a struggle.
It seems that there is always someone in front of you creating a parking nightmare for no reason.
The fresh eggs taste great.
The fresh fish is good, but terribly overpriced.
I am especially fond of the specialized honey and by-products offered.
A good way to spend a Saturday morning.

Very disappointing.
Showed up at 11 am, expecting the market to close at 12, more than half of the market was packed up.
The booths that were still open wouldn't even talk to me when I showed interest in their product due to them being too "busy" packing up.

Look for the guy that sells the spicy pickled items.
Free samples.
The spicy pickled asparagus ROCKS!
Show up an hour before the scheduled closing time or you will have limited selection.
They start packing up early.
Pinnacle Farms has a great no contract food co-op.
Make sure you ask her about it when you see their booth.

this is a great market - lots of variety so i find it can be a one stop shop.
be sure to go early to get the best selection of fresh veggies!
the hand dipped incense at shoppe creations is made with pure essential oils and you can mix & match!!
my favorite new vendor is here too: http://squarzpies.com/  the parking lot can look intimidating but be patient and you will get a spot ;)  also, if you don't have cash, ask the vendors for a slip of paper where they will write down your total and you can pay at the information booth with a credit/debit card!

Good place to spend a Saturday morning!
The organic produce is a little pricey...
I usually get mine for half the price at Sunflower market.
But the quality is pretty good.
They have some good vendors there.
My favorites are...- Dr. Hummus for out of this world delicious but pricey hummus and pita chips.
- The Tamale Shop for a unique selection of tamales.
Check out their great vegan and vegetarian tamales!
- Taste of Taos for yummy and filling breakfast burritos.
- the dog treat vendors.
I forgot the name but I pick up some pumpkin treats for my pup.
I suggest parking on the street on the north side of the park.
We take our dog and enjoy the nice walk across the park to the market.

Nice.
Slightly limited selection on this particular morning but picked up some great looking (and tasting) red and green peppers, a few squash blossoms, Brussles Sprouts, and Mushrooms for a great price.
Considered buying some edible cacti (can't find that in Ohio) but need to learn more about how to cook them before making the investment.

Fresh fruits and veggies, locally grown, some organic, some just "pesticide free".
There are also booths for other stuff, like breads, chocolates, tamales, burritos, etc.
It's best to go early - especially if you want fresh eggs.

I don't go for the produce (very spendy) but I do get my Tamale's here, some goats milk products like soaps, etc.
and Crow's Dairy goat milk chevre, gelato, and feta!
It's my one stop odds n ends shopping.
Crow's is the BEST quality I've found around PHX and the Tamale Store is easier to get to here than making it into their "real store" on Cave Creek due to their limited days/hours.
RRP makes life easier!

So much fun on a Saturday!
They have food trucks that visit also.
Parking is sometimes really difficult since they have games in the park all the time.

Amazing Russian and Italian goodies!
Bread and baked treats are my favorite.
Also, love the honey sticks :) Pet Friendly!

Tons of food to buy or try.
Two major produce stands.
A lot of bread vendors.
I liked that it wasn't mostly art like some "farmer's" markets are these days.
Not as large as the one downtown but it's good for those on the northside of Phoenix.

The Phoenix Roadrunner Park Farmers Market is a great little market to find all kinds of produce and local products.
The venders are generally about 40% produce, 30% local food products, 15% percent fresh food/drinks, and 15% miscellaneous products.
If you're only looking for produce, it can be difficult to remain disciplined with so many other great local food products, just watch your budget!
I recommend avoiding the parking lot adjacent to the market, it is better to park of 36th Street and take a little stroll through the park.
Some of my favorite products here are fresh chili peppers, fresh herbs, unique fruits/vegetables, local dairy products and tamales.

Tons of vendors here!
I loved it.
Everyone was very friendly & there weren't any lines like some of the other markets.
This was our first time at this market so we walked around the park afterwards which was so nice!
I'll be coming to this market more often!

Can anyone tell me if they recall who had the pickling stand at the 101 and Shea market that closed?
I really want to get some more of their pickled peppers but cannot track them down.
Any help is appreciated!

This market is great!
Probably my favorite one I've been to so far!
There is a great amount of vendors and they are all so friendly.
I've scene a few reviews on here stating there wasn't a lot of "farmers" which is false, their are multiple produce stand at this location with a large variety of produce at great prices!
They also have pastas, breads, honey, herbs/plants etc.
I will say the selection of vendors dies off a little once summer comes around but there is still lots to choose from and the farmers market does go all year round.
Summer hours are 7am to 11am :)

