The newest Gordon Biersch brewery.
It's in Summerlin, which is an affluent suburb of Las Vegas (15-20 minutes from the Strip).
This Gordon Biersch is pretty much exactly like every other Gordon Biersch, so I'm not gonna go into details.
However, this is pretty darn cool for one reason - the patio.
It's Vegas...it's 95 degrees at night....and you get to sit on an awesome patio, under some trees, look at palm trees and mountains in the distance, and have an ice cold beer.
Really, I don't pretend to ask for anything more than that.
As it's a really nice alternative to the gigantic Cheesecake Factory next door!

When this place first opened, I was stoked to see a San Diego based business follow me to Las Vegas.
But sadly, the food is average and so is the beer.
It's near my house, so I'll go every so often, but it has earned the nickname Garlic Biersch at my house for their tendency to put garlic on EVERYTHING!
The bar and patio are a cool hang-out spot, though.

My girlfriend and I have been to this particular Gordon Biersch twice now.
The second time, we asked for Monique, our server from our first visit.
Yeah, she's that good.
I even suggested to my girlfriend they should put Monique in charge of training.
In general, the entrees are good quality and decent portions, though a bit pricey.
Clearly, it's all about the beer here...and the garlic fries.
Nice desert sampler, too.
I'm really quite satisfied with this restaurant.
I think you will be too...as long as you ask for Monique.
(P.S.
My girlfriend didn't like the Ahi salad, but she asked me to intentionally not hold that against them).
Beer enthusiasts will prefer Gordon Biersch (at either Las Vegas location) to Hofbrauhaus.
Having lived in Germany for 8 years myself, I personally prefer Gordon Biersch despite my cravings for Jaegerschnitzel.
Monique might have something to do with it.
Or it could be the higher quality of beer.
Or it could be the immensely better service.
Or...

It's been a over a decade since I've been to a Gordon Biersch restaurant / brewery.
I remember GB as being one of the original regional micro-brewers in the United States.... you could say that GB started the trend towards micro-breweries.... and Garlic Fries.
I really don't remember anything about the Beer or the food at Gordon Biersch... except for the Garlic Fries, mainly because no other restaurant was serving Garlic Fries.
The decor of the restaurant has not changed one iota.
Restaurant tables and chairs stained in Euro medium-dark hues.
Booths with back-to-back bench seating, with open sides.
Hanging cylindrical-tube transluscent lamps that reminded me of Kona Grill lamps in color.
Seems as if GB had not hired an Interior Decorator in a decade or so.
On the menu yesterday...  Weekly Burger Special (*** 1/2 $10.50) An item which changes weekly...
This week's Burger was a half pound Burger inside a buttered Hamburger Bun with Peppercorn Cheese and an Aioli Mayo Spread.
The Bun could have been a little stiffer, but the Beef Pattie was fried just right - Medium... you can't get it any rawer, something about local Health regulatioins.
But, the Aioli was too liquidy.
Came with a side of Garlic Fries (*** 1/2) ... you know you have to have some Garlic Fries when you dine at Gordon Biersch.
Fries were slightly over-fried... but you definitely had Garlic and Parsley all over the Fries.
Sampler Beer Shots (*** $5.50) Six  3oz Shots of Gordon Biersch's "Famous Handcrafted Beers!"...
lined up on a paper place mat... each shot glass is placed on it's proper circular trademark with a brief description of each Beer below that for your reading pleasure.
Just a li'l teaser for your drinking pleasure.
Consisted of the following yesterday...    Golden Export (** 1/2) A smooth, refreshing lager, lightly hopped with a        dry finish.
The demand was so high when it was first brewed in the        1870s that it was "exported" to other regions in Germany.
Not bad....        but light, kinda weak.
Hefeweizen (* 1/2) A German-style wheat beer that is crisp and        refreshing.
This light and sparkling Beer is known for it's signature        aroma that suggests Cloves and Bananas.
Suggests!
The Beer        shouts to the High Heavens of Cloves!
Not my favorite... by a long        shot.
Czech Pilsner (****) A Bohemian-style Pilsner, golden hued, medium        bodied, accented with the spicy hop character of the signature Saaz        hops, imported from the Czech Republic.
Marzen (*** 1/2) A smooth, medium-bodied, auburn lager.
Märzen        means "March" in German; it was named from the Bavarian tradition        that it is brewed during the month of March and stored in caves to be        consumed in warmer weather.
It is a medium-hopped lager with a        mildly sweet nish.
Schwarzbier (*) This lager's name literally means "black beer" in        German and although the color may traditionally suggest a heavier        body, ours boasts a light body with a chocolate nish.
The Schwarzbier        has won a gold medal at the 2006 World Beer Cup and a gold medal        at the 2007 Great American Beer Festival.
A wanna-be Guiness that        does not succeed.
Seasonal Beer Selection (*** 1/2) Dunkelweizen is a seasonal beer,        brewed from March to June.
"It's all about the malted wheat and yeast        in this beer," Gordon says.
The roasted malt offsets some of the        banana, citrus and clove flavors, producing a sweet, rich and slightly        spicy brew that is both refreshing and nuanced.
Before bottling,        Gordon Biersch's Weizens undergo five to six weeks of aging, which        intensifies the flavor and enhances the beers' unsurpassed        smoothness.
Most other breweries do not exhibit such patience        when brewing wheat beers.
Not as dark as the Schwarzbier... one        drink and you're Sold.
As you see... a mixed bagof ratings.

Happy hour on the weekends is an even more special treat!
And Gordon Biersch on Rampart offers just that.
* Pomegranate Mojito "Bacardi Limon Rum, fresh pomegranate juice, fresh mint and fresh squeezed lime juice" ($5) - Tasty drink, although not a whole lot of alcohol.
* Pint of Maibock ($3)  * Crispy Artichoke Hearts "topped with Parmesan and lemon aioli" ($5) - Yummy stuff, especially because you just don't see deep fried artichoke hearts everywhere.
Decent size too!
* Housemade Chips "Fresh, housemade chips topped with bleu cheese crumbles, scallions and smoked bacon" ($5) - The crumbles of cheese are definitely chunks and could be broken down more.
There's also a creamy something or other poured over it as well, wasn't sure what it was.
* Beer Battered Fish and Chips "with malt vinegar and Cajun remoulade.
Served with garlic fries.
" ($6) - The happy hour size is a  half portion, which is about two pieces of fish.
The Husband enjoyed it, enough to order another one.
And you just can't help but love their fries.
We had a lot of fried food, although salads are also included in the happy hour specials.
Service was okay, it wasn't busy at all on a Sunday evening on the patio.
The waitstaff is everywhere, or so it seems because it looks like they are handling tables everywhere.
We were looking for our waiter for awhile and it could be because he just had tables inside the bar too.
Happy hours are everyday from 4 pm to 7 pm, with reverse happy hour from 9 pm to closing.
All their food is $8 and under, which includes pizzas too.
Huge selection of drinks for their happy hour with all their specialty martinis, beer, etc.
included.
3.5 stars.

Been to both GBs in Vegas but this one has a great neighborhood feel.
My dad is a regular and I show my face a few times a month.
Most the food is great, I order something different everything and haven't been disappointed yet, even with foods I feel iffy about ordering.
Better maibach than the Hofbrauhaus near the strip GB, and a higher alc content too, 8 vs 7.
Plenty of TVs around the bar and dining tables in the back, as well as large party rooms in the back which I have been in for a work xmas party.
GB also worked for Mothers Day brunch, dinner with the girlfriend, and of course watching sports at the bar enjoying GB BEER!
Nice staff always friendly, usually get greeted by a manager or two.
See bartenders around town off work sometimes too.
Warm decor nothing loud or clashy, comfortable and sometimes dimly lite and intimate towards the back.
0 complaints I always feel like there's a spot for me!
What stands out Garlic Fries, Seasonal beers, Staff, Long Happy Hours (also they have a nice club card with member rewards)

My favorite of the LV locations!
We enjoy the happy hour here, for after work get togethers.
Can get really busy on the weekends so we don't come as often as we would like.
But these are some of my fav's~  Starters: Tapas* roasted garlic, bruschetta, olive tapenade and hummus with herb flatbread Crispy artichoke Hearts* topped with Parmesan and lemon aioli Salads: Salmon Caesar Salad with Parmesan croutons Hummus and Goat Cheese Salad* over warm herb flatbread with Märzen Vinaigrette (add chicken or salmon and is a great entree) Pizza: Roasted Garlic & Chicken Pizza with a white sauce, roasted garlic, and pulled chicken breast  Just heard about this: Can't wait to try on my next visit!!!!
Wasabe Sake-infused VODKA?!?!?
YAY!!!!!
*****Homemade Bloody Mary  Our homemade Bloody Mary mix with ABSOLuT PEPPAR Vodka or WASABÉ Saké-infused Vodka*****

We can't figure out why this place is still even open.
We had a group of 8 for dinner, expecting some fine dining.
The waitress was sloooow and messed up our drink order.
After i tasted my beer and realized it was wrong, the waitress just handed it over to my friend.
The food was fair but we've had better bar food.
After complaining, we were issued coupons for credit.
That was awesome that they did that but we went back numerous times and finally gave the coupons away.
It wasn't even worth it for free.

Went for the first time to this restaurant 2 weeks ago for Happy Hour.. actually had not planned on it but the other restaurant we were planning on eating was packed and we did not feel like waiting.
Anyhow... were seated right away and tried some of their house beers.
Decent, but I'm not much of a micro-brew fan.
We tried a number of items off the happy hour menu and were pleased with all of them.
We had the tapas, the southwest egg rolls, the bbq pork sliders and the roasted garlic & chicken pizza.
The southwest egg rolls were my personal favorite and had a lot of flavor.
All in all it was a nice happy hour spot and we didnt' spend a fortune to eat well.

Gordon Biersch was a very respectable all-around meal with beer (!!!).
I had a Bison burger, well-seasoned on a nice bed of caramelized onions, served with garlic fries.
The fries were awesome, fries tossed in sauteed garlic with chopped parsley - yummy yummy.
The pizza was good too, it had a decent crust with a nice flavor of oregano.
Dinner was matched with a generous mug of dark Winterfest beer, also quite enjoyable.
For dessert we had a slice of pumpkin cheese cake with cream cheese icing and bourbon honey sauce.
All around a great meal.
I would have given 4 stars if I was able to try more of the dishes.
Comparing to Kona Grill down the street:  I think the menu at Kona looks nicer, but I am always disappointed with the results.
Here at Gordon Biersch, I was delighted with everything that was set down before us!

What's not to love?
Yummy Garlic Fries (you HAVE to try them!!!!
)  I really like their House Salad (Ranch dressing is good) and have asked them to make it a regular portion for me, and it was not a problem!
Sandwiches we get all the time: -Roasted Turkey & Swiss (I get it on a baguette) -Southwest Chicken Sandwich  Apps: -Garlic Fries (of course!
) -Homemade Chips.
(If you like Bleu Cheese- then this is for you.
) -Tapas  Pizzas are all good.
They have a GREAT happy hour with apps & drinks.
Service is always great.
Have never been disappointed!

Decent beer, decent prices.
They have AWESOME happy hour specials that run from 5-7 and then again 9-closing which was 1am but the manager was trying to push us out at 12.
The waitress said at 11:45 it was last call.
Now I know I haven't lived in this city for awhile but last I checked there is no such thing as "last call" in Las Vegas.
Either way we got several of the late night specials on the happy hour menu.
The house made chips w/blue cheese were so good I swear if I wasn't with 4 other people I may have licked the plate just sayin....  We also got the egg rolls and chicken wings they were good but probably wouldn't order again.
After those chips everything was compared to them though and they alone are worth the trip.
The artichoke hearts were delicious as well.
The beer we got was the Heifenweizer which is the first time I had their version of it.
It was very different, good but a taste I could not put my finger on.
I think if your going to Gordon Biersch I would go to the one near downtown that one just has more going on and I don't think they close and have that foreign words I heard in Las Vegas 'last call'.

After not having Gordon Biersch for years (mainly in Aneheim and Pasadena), I decided to head over to the one in Vegas at Boca Park.
This one seemed a little more low-key than the others, but the food was fantastic.
The garlic fries are always a must have and they made them perfectly well here.
I decided to order the Cajun Pasta, which had shrimp, sausage, and chicken and it was one of the best pastas I've ever had.
Service was pretty good and overall, it was a great experience.

One of the few (only?
) bar/restaurants in Summerlin that doesn't have video poker or smoking indoors.
This does wonders for the vibe and atmosphere.
GB is a relaxed, casual place that gets a good crowd for happy hour and weekends.
The happy hour crowd comes to take advantage of the great specials (from 5-7 and 9-close, I believe): $3 beers and $5 food.
I've never thought GB's beer was the best in the world, but it's definitely respectable and a solid craft brew.
In a town dominated by strip malls, wide streets and parking lots, GB's outdoor patio is about as good as it gets for al fresco dining or drinking.
One upside is the generally good people-watching, though.

Went to this location to meet a colleague for a drink.
Had their Hefeweizen.....it was good.
Not the best I've ever had.
i would say this review is incomplete because I only had a drink at the bar.
The staff was pretty friendly, but I didn't have anything to eat and we only hung out at the bar.
I will visit this location again in the future and provide a more detailed review.

Can I have some more please?
This place was so good and so chill to just hangout in too.
I thought it was pretty funny because there was a huge line of people waiting and they were even giving out buzzers, but I just went straight to the hostess, asked for a table for 4 and they sat us immediately.
i seriously think I must've jacked someone's place.
I guess the happy hour was only for the bar and patio, BUT since we asked our waiter about it, he secretly slipped us the happy hour menu.
He told us to keep that a secret, so I'm not naming names.
That guy was funny though.
He did it all stealth status by telling my bf to open his big menu and slipping the small happy hour menu inside of that one.
There were 3 of us and we weren't starving or anything, so we just decided to share the slider combo and calamari.
11 bucks for the combo and 7 bucks for the calamari.
Oh how I love happy hour deals!
The calamari came out with marinara sauce.
Mmm, like sex in my mouth, it was so good!
I always love finding places with good calamari.
The sliders and garlic fries were sexy!
It was perfect because it came with 2 different sliders, 3 of each kind and there were 3 of us.
So we each got 2 sliders and shared the garlic fries which was so garlicky delicious!
As we were finishing up our sliders, some other waitress came up and said "want some edamame?
" I'm so happy we said yes because that was a serious garlic sex explosion in my mouth.
OMG.
I have never had garlic edamame!
This is something I'll be sure to get everytime I come back because it was just soo tasty!
Unfortunately they charged us for it which we didn't expect since she randomly dropped it off.
We were under the impression they got the wrong order for another table and offered it to us for free.
It's all good though because it was just to die for!
I can't wait to come back!

Shortly after we left the Cheesecake Factory (right next door), we came over to the Gordon Biersch for HH.
I had the Carribean Margarita (which has Malibu rum) and some other drinks mixed into one.
I can not even remember what was in the recipe but it was good.
They added a little too much salt though.
One of the girls had a lemon drop martini, one had another martini, and the last gal had a mojito...
The waitress had told us that for HH, it was $5 for each of our drinks, $2 off for the wines, and $1 off of the beers.
Thanks ladies for a wonderful night!
To top the night off, we sat outdoors..
It was nice since the weather was just right and the scenery was nice as well.. Like the water fountain that wasn't too far had lighting in it that glowed.

This is our favorite happy hour spot, especially when it's cooler outside and you can sit on the patio with the heaters and fire going.
Happy Hour is 3-7PM and 9-CLOSE, in the bar and outside patio areas.
$1 off beer, $5 cocktails, and some appetizer deals.
Last night we ordered my go-to favorite GB beer- Marzen.
Always delicious.
We also got the Homemade Chips ($5; with bacon, blue cheese, some blue cheese sauce (we assumed), and green onions).
They were good, not great, but we ordered a side of blue cheese dressing and that bumped them up a notch.
Also ordered the pork sliders ($5 for 3 total with some onion straws/rings).
They were tasty, but again, not fabulous.
The onion straws were good, though a touch on the greasy side.
I LOVE the crispy artichoke hearts that they have, though they are not on the new happy hour menu, which is sad for me.
:-(  Still enjoy our HH though.
Service was good.
Started out strong and then fizzled.
At 530PM on a thursday, the seats were pretty plentiful and it never got packed, but did fill in nicely as the night progressed.
Total came in around $34 (tip included).

Love the Czech pilsner.
Food is good some of the staff are great some are not.
Good crowd and great happy hour.

In Vegas, happy hours are a dime and dozen.
They have happy hour before dinner...happy hour after dinner.
Also labled as "reverse happy hour"  Took advantage of "reverse happy hour".
Calamari was pretty fresh, with crispy outside.
Nice kicked up marinara sauce to cover it.
Garlic fries ordered by tablemate were way overrated.
They were on the soggy side, but they were seasoned decently.
Mai tai was disappointing.
Didn't have the right blend of mixings, and I won't excuse the fact that it was on the happy hour menu.
It still can be done right!
Huge facility, clean bathrooms.
Indoor seating with huge comfy booths.
Outdoor area with wire seating chairs, warming lights (in Vegas?
), and little lanterns at each table.

One star for customer service, but -4 stars for poor food quality: do not order the "Kobe sliders.
" They are (or at least appear to be) pre-frozen, pre-cooked, brown hockey pucks of tough flavorless cheap meat.
The mini-buns are worthless, as well.
I think someone from Gordon Biersch needs to pay a visit to the slidinthru slider truck to get a hint on how sliders should be.
And when you add "Kobe" to the title, even higher expectations are fostered.
For $11?
Seriously you guys.
Get a clue.
To the public - avoid these, and just stick with GB's normal steak burgers.
They are good.
GB Gen'l Mgmnt - take the sliders off the menu or do them right.

Totally not a fan of Gordon Biersch anymore.
I feel like their food has changed completely.
I now feel ill when I leave this place.
Sad.

3 stars for happy hour only.
The $5 cocktails were exactly that...1/2 the alcohol for 1/2 the price.
Garlic fries were good.
Potstickers and sliders tasted reconstituted.
Service was good.

Just got back from here.
'Twas a mini-reunion of sorts with two guys I used to work with at Circus Circus Adventuredome.
Actually, we had planned to hit up Kona Grill's HH, but not finding a place to sit in the designated HH patio area, we headed over to Gordon Biersch.
It was OK.
I enjoyed my two $5 Dragon Fruit Strawberry Mojitos.
We also shared a Slider Combo and two orders of the Potato Chip Nachos.
I wasn't blown away by the food, but we enjoyed it.
We really just needed a venue for our catching up and their outside patio area served that purpose nicely.
Also, it's starting to get chilly out, but their space heaters are very effective.

I don't know what it is about GB's Martzen, but it tears me up........in a good (or bad) way!!
GB's microbrews are delicious and very strong!
Be prepared!!
Happy hour at GB is excellent and always busy as hell!
If you've been in Vegas for more than a few years you can count on running into a few friends during happy hour at GB.
The food is always good at GB, but like so many other restaurants they've added some cheap ingredients to some of their signature dishes.
One glaring example of cheapening their dishes is the gorgonzola salad with pecan crusted chicken.
The greens originally used in this salad were a fresh spring mix.
It was awesome for a while.
Now the salad is made with iceberg lettuce.
Needless to say, the taste of this dish has suffered significantly!
GB's happy hour bar food menu is still very good.
The Rib Eye with bleu cheese is likewise, excellent!
But, if you're going to GB, the beer is definately the star!

The food is always okay, the service ok, and the the drinks okay.
It is close to my work and the spot we head to after outfitting the next generation of outdoor enthusiasts.

Dankashane Darling Dankashane!
Great location and good food, Gordon Biersch is a decent spot to grab a micro brew and an appetizer with friends.
The GB (Gordon Biersch) beers they have on tap have never disappointed me, but never really blown me away either.
They have many other cocktails, but when you order a sweet cocktail at a place like this, expect little liquor and lots of sugar.
For some that is just fine, but when I order a cocktail, I want to taste the spirits with every sip.
The decor is nice here.
There are many vintage prints on the wall with names like Campari, Bugatti, and some German products being featured.
The bar has a few TVs, but this is not a sports bar.
There are copper colored accents around the restaurant which ornament the wood trim.
The food - Good stuff in general.
The appetizer platter is a nice way to start the meal if you're with a group.
I especially love the Asian wings, which have a sticky glaze, crisp breading, and sweet-chili flavor.
The garlic fries are GAAAAARRRLIICTASTIC!
They are delicious, but stay away from them if you plan on doing some kissing or close talking after dinner.
Really nobody should be close talking anyways, its gross and people don't like it.
I like this spot for a casual and relaxed bite, especially when I'm not trying to eat healthy.
Yes you can eat healthy here but honestly, that isn't why you came, so just go for it.
The gym will be waiting for you when you get up from your nap.

pretty decent HH.
$5 cocktails, lots of cheap eats.
came here with some friends after a concert.
we shared the southwestern combo that was $11...it came with southwest eggrolls, bbq pork sliders, and garlic fries.
we also got the crab and artichoke dip.
the food was pretty tasty.
i also ordered the firefly tea which was just the right amount of sweet/tea/alcohol.
no matter where i am, every gordon biersch location is legit.
its always good experience anytime i come here.

They have happy hour everyday!
Great place to meet up with friends for food and drinks.
Don't order the $5 cocktails, they are full of sugar and light on the alcohol.
The beers are great and the $5 appetizers are very tasty.
I ordered the rosemary chicken flat-bread, yum!
The mini BBQ chicken pizza is delicious!
Will be back.

Gordon Biersch is our go to Happy Hour location.
I am not sure we have ever made it to the afternoon version but we are probably here at least once a month for the 9pm - close version.
When the weather is right there is nothing better than sitting out on the patio enjoying the Tapa's Plate, Housemade Chips with Bescheml & Blue Cheese and the Pulled Pork Sliders and one of their signature mojito's.
Of course the beer is what made GB famous and I have never had a bad one.
Typically I will try whatever seasonal version they our pouring and then switch to the Marzen.
At this location we have never had bad service and when you sit at the bar you can see your bartender pour your drink and I don't ever feel like he/she has a light hand when it comes to their pour.

Saturday lunch, extremely slow service.
One hour 30 minutes and still waiting on salads.
Beer was fast.
Finally, a manager saw the look on my face.
Someone short-staffed a Saturday lunch shift.
Customers get to pay twice.
The food is normally good.
Can't wait to find out.
Still waiting.
They took away my wilted salad and brought out everyone's at the same time, followed moments later by our lunches.
Way too many dishes on one table that was avoidable if their timing was right.
We were so hungry, we put salads with entries and made room.
Then came Tim, a manager.
He realized the goofs and comped our ticket for six.
I will always give a place another chance when they admit their mistakes and move to correct them.

Gordon Biersch is fantastic!
I love coming here, the food is always great and the service is spectacular.
I have eaten in both the dining area and the bar area and we are always greeted promptly and well taken care of even when it is insanely busy in there.
The patio is great and you can't beat it during spring/summer nights.
It can get busy in the bar area during happy hour and it is self seating in the bar so be prepared to cheat, lie, steal, or shank someone for a table or booth when one opens up.
The happy hours are great too, tons of great apps and drinks for decent prices.
I paid $6.75 for a happy hour Blue Moon at Roadrunner Saloon and the beers at GB are stronger, better, and $4 during happy hour.
Piss of Roadrunner.
I hate you.
If you are in the mood for a nice dining experience they have a nice dining area, the service there is also impeccable.
I have never had an issue with the service and the waiters are fun, witty, and good at their jobs.
Okay, I have to get on my soapbox for a minute, I am a waiter in a nice family restaurant so as for these people complaining about the place closing.
Gordon Biersch is not a 24 hour bar.
It is more so a nicer RESTAURANT.
You can't walk into a restaurant at 10pm on a weekday and bitch when you are told that they are closing soon or that it is happy hour food only.
There is a last call at a restaurant.
If you want to sit at a bar and drink all night go to Three Angry Wives down the road.
I am pretty sure the hours at GB during the week are till about 11pm and 1am on weekends.
I've been there one time when it was quite late and there were only a few other people in the restaurant we were told they were closing soon and only serving happy hour food.
So instead of being a bitch about it and thinking that because it is Vegas that every place should bend to me and stay open 24 hours I went to an actual bar that was open and got some food and suds.
Stop whining people, not everyone is here to serve you at 11pm.
Would you walk into a BJ's and expect them to stay open past their closing time for you and your two friends only?
Besides everyone knows that 30 minutes prior to closing your getting the shit food that has been sitting out waiting for last minute customers to stroll in.
Common sense, please.

my review wasn't going to be stellar until I went a few more times...and had the sangria and lobster bisque!!!
these are the business!!!
omg.
I have a hard time finding a place with lobster bisque that is not too pricy, but this place is it.
Their drink menu is incredible!

The beer Sampler is a must and the appetizers are really good.
This place has a great environment.
Perfect for hanging out with friends or for a date.

Yes, Gordon Biersch is a chain but it's still good comfort food for beer lovers.
Their selection of brews are awesome, and if you choose a favorite type (Lager, Stout, Amber) you're guaranteed to be drinking something you'll like.
The food is absolutely delicious.
My favorite for many years now has been the Blackened Mahi Mahi Sandwich, with a nice hearty piece of Mahi on a toasted bun, arugula lettuce if I'm not mistaken, and an awesome mayo spread.
Appetizers are fantastic too, and we had the homemade potato chips with a bunch of toppings, such as bleu cheese, bacon, bleu cheese dressing, and scallions.
The service at this location is great as well.
We were seated within two minutes (for a party of 8) and both the server and the manager came by and took time to chat with us while we were making selections on the menu.
I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit.

They have new menu for vegetarian and the vegetable pasta was great.
I asked to prepare on the lighter side and it's still very flavorful.
Service is amazing.
The potstickers might have steamed couple minutes too long.
My friend ordered the pull pork sandwich and I could resist the french fried.

The BF and I came for Happy Hour and sat on the patio.
We ordered  Mojitos- The BF wasnt very heavy on the alcohol on his classic, though my pomegranate elderflower had a good amount.
Asian Trio- The eggrolls were okay, but a bit greasy.
The shrimp was coated in a breading, but it wasn't crispy and they were room temperature when they got to the table.
The potstickers were a weird consistency with a gumminess on the inside of the wrapper and the outside was fried yet it didn't give it any crispness...I can only tell it's fried by the bubbles created by oil on the wrapper but it wasn't left long enough to even get a golden color.
It just all tasted and felt texturally like it was microwaved food.
WTF?
Hawaiian mini pizza- this was just alright, but it came hot and tasted like it was cooked and not microwaved.
The service was friendly and attentive so nothing wrong with the service, but the food was just sad that it doesn't really make up for it.
Kudos to our server for being really good at their job!
The two stars are for them and zero for the food.
I don't know how "off" of a day it was or if the cooks didn't care because it's late and they just want to leave...no matter-its still the job you signed up for.
It's not digesting very well either so it's the taste that keeps on giving.
Ugh..
I should've gone elsewhere for dinner.

In a year that has so far been defined by culinary episodes of grand disappointment, Gordon Bierch doesn't fail to fail - in fact, it just may be the king of the worst.
A recent happy-hour visit to the Boca Park eatery had me doing something I almost never do -completely reject of the entire meal.
Along with my micro-brew selection, I ordered an Asian themed trio of appetizers, which featured Shrimp, Egg Rolls and Potstickers.
After a small sampling of each of the three offerings, I was literally so disgusted that I pushed the plate away.
To begin with, there was no plate presentation.
I likened it to walking through an art gallery, looking at blank walls.
The Egg Rolls were cut at a bias (yea art) and the Potstickers were covered with a trail of Ponzu and Mustard Sauce (but we'll get to that later).
Otherwise, there was not even a simple piece of Kale to offset the distinctively bland looking trio on a plain white plate.
Shrimp - by par the "best" offering of the three.
The shrimp looked and tasted like boxed, frozen, breaded 40-60 sized shrimp that I think were prepared in a microwave.
Even the delightfully refreshing Sweet Chili Sauce did little to detract from the bland taste and pasty bread coating.
Egg Rolls - I am not sure who "discovered" this specific recipe, but they should consider a career change immediately.
The rolls were stuffed with chicken and some sort of brown sauce that one could not even distinguish what flavor it was suppose to add (or subtract) from the dish.
Each bite was overwhelmingly dominated by an unsavory chalky taste and a not-at-all faint aroma of frying oil.
Potstickers - I would like to say I could tell you what the Potstickers tasted like, but the trail of Mustard Sauce was so powerful I could barely wash the taste from my mouth with the bitterness of my micro-brew.
The sauce is extreme, to say the least, and could easily impart it flavor with as little as a drop on each Potsticker.
Instead, the kitchen decided to drown each Potsticker with almost a teaspoon worth of this disgusting concoction.
I wish I knew what the chef was trying to accomplish with his tragedy, but if you are unfortunate enough to try this one out for yourself, I can tell you a spoonful of the Sweet Chili sauce straight to the mouth will help in your recovery.
The only reason Gordon Bierch gets 2 stars instead of 1 is entirely due to the micro-brew Pilsner I had, it was admittedly pretty good.
Perhaps the best way to express how utterly disappointing Gordon Bierch is, would be tell you that, after I left, I went down the road to The Yard House in Red Rock where I was treated to two beautiful and savory works of culinary art from their happy-hour menu - at just about the same price.
Being a two star and not a one, I will dare to adventure again to this establishment for its micro-brew - and to give the chef one more chance.

This was my first visit to the Summerlin GB.
I have been to the Paradise location many times and never felt compelled to review it.
However, I had a very delicious Mahi-Mahi with pineapple, strawberry, mango salsa along with my favorite of the home brews-Marzen.
It just all came together as a great meal worthy of mention.
I know they are noted for their garlic fries.
Honestly, I'm not a fan.
You get within 50 feet of the Paradise location and your sense of smell is bombarded with garlic.
That was not the case in Summerlin and I found my dinner and beer just tasted better.

I think this chain is highly over rated.
The menu is high priced, service is fair and food is ok.
However the garlic fries are a great choice and the beer on taps are plentiful.

Bottom line:  go for the beer and atmosphere, don't eat here.
I've eaten at the GB in DC and had high expectations of GB Las Vegas - but was very disappointed.
My friends had the pasta and red sauce and indicated that they could still taste the ketchup in the sauce.
Another friend had the tempura shrimp and chicken that was good in portion, but lacking in flavor.
I had the equivalent of chicken Marsala.
Portions were small - 3 pieces of chicken slightly bigger than a silver dollar and less than a quarter inch in thickness.
Complimenting the chicken was a scoop of potatoes and another helping of squash.
My dinner was small, lacked flavor and cost $29 - not including beer.
My buds and I were still hungry after 'dinner' so we went to BK to satisfy our hunger.
Beer was good.
GBs marzen is the closest brew I've found that rivals real German marzens.
No kidding - save your money.
Go for the beer and atmosphere.
Have an appetizer, but don't go for dinner.

This is my first time at this location, I usually go to the paradise location, it's closer for me.
But we just got out of a concert at Red Rock Resort, and wanted a quick bite to eat.
Happy hour at Gordon Biersch!
Score!
I love their happy hour menu.
So many choices from $5 martinis and mixed drinks to $11 combos of sliders, garlic fries, and other goodies.
My friend and I shared one of their $11 combos.
We got the one with 3 Kobe sliders, shredded BBQ pork sliders, and garlic fries.
I have to agree their garlic fries are delicious- onoliscious!!!
I'm picky about my fries, and these were soft yet a bit crispy, garlic and parsley?
that stuck to the fries.
I hate it when the flavoring is dry and sticks to the bottom of the basket rather than the fries.
The sliders were good, not the best I've had but they were pretty good.
For us, we can usually eat a lot but we got full off of sharing this combo.
We got lucky, cuz as soon as we sat down a guy that was leaving gave us his $5 off coupon.
Score again!
But even without the coupon the happy hr prices are really good.
The service here was just okay, not rude but we had to wait longer than we should have for the check.

What I wished I knew before heading in; happy hour is from 4-7 and only applies to the patio, bar, and cocktail area.
It explains why the whole back area was dead.
Probably better that I didn't do happy hour anyways because it would egg me to drink and eat more than I need to.
Sitting in the back was nice because it was away from the crowd and allowed for comfortable conversation.
I had ordered the seafood cobb salad (13.95) with a side of tangy and miso vinaigrette.
The salad itself was massive, coming in one of those large pho bowls.
The toppings were generous except when it came to the actual seafood.
There were three shrimp cut in half and a light sprinkling of thinly shredded crab meat.
My friend's Kobe beef burger (13.95) was good.
The meat was juicy and tender.
The burger comes with the basic garnish so that it does not detract from the taste of the meat.
Paired with the garlic fries, it is a fine meal.
The fries were awesome; crispy and the garlic was not overbearing.
The beers are reasonable; five dollars for my Marzen and 5.50 for his summer seasonal.
The service was attentive enough to where we got our waters refilled, but nothing more.
In the end we left filled.

Came here for a late dinner on a Monday night last week.
The food was good, but the service was VERY slow.
I did try the seasonal beer, cant think of the name right now... something very tropical-ish, loved it.
We also tried the pan seared potstickers as an app which were good.
Shrimp-chicken combo.
For dinner I had another item off the seasonal menu, jerk chicken tacos.
Interesting concept, and quite tasty.
The portion was big, enough for 2 meals for me.
The beans and rice that came with were unremarkable.

Our go-to happy hour spot in Summerlin.
Great drinks, great apps and great bartenders!
I love how there is no video poker or smoking which makes it feel like the good old bars I'm used to in California.
My boyfriend and I come here weekly to watch Giants games and get our happy hour fix.
We've tried many, many, many other happy hours but nothing compares to our old faithful GB!
With the Passport rewards points we get $80 gift cards after spending x amount of dollars here...which we would have spent regardless.
All in all our favorite local hangout in Vegas!

You're not a true yelper until you've tried Gordon Biersch...
This amazing place delights you with all American food made-by-scratch.
It's a must to go during Happy Hour:   Happy Hour:  Everyday from 3pm-7pm & 10pm-Close  Happy Hour Menu: (Beverage Special) $1 OFF All signature Gordon Biersch lagers & ales $2 OFF All wine by glass $5 All ultra premium cocktails  (Appetizer Special) $5 EACH Southwest egg rolls* Tapas Homemade chips Potato chip nacho Signature garlic fries* Mini pizza: BBQ chicken, Pepperoni, Hawaiian, Veggie, & Fresh Mozzarella BBQ pork sliders Mediterranean flatbread Rosemary chicken flatbread* Fried shrimp w/sweet chile sauce*  $7 EACH Quick fried calamari  Shrimp & chicken pot stickers Crab & artichoke dip* Crab stuffed shrimp     $11 EACH COMBO (Southwest Combo)* BBQ pork sliders Southwest egg rolls Signature garlic fries  (Slider Combo) Kobe sliders BBQ pork sliders Signature garlic fries   (Asian Fusion Combo)* Southwest egg rolls Fried shrimp w/sweet chill sauce Shrimp & chicken pot stickers  Now that I've enlighten you with the Happy Hour Menu, please do take advantage & enjoy the very fresh ingredients & great quality of food that Gordon Biersch provides...
Location: Rampart BLVD & Charleston BLVD in Boca Park near Cheesecake Factory   NOTE: All my favorites are marked w/a *  Enjoy, YELPERS!

I came here after work last week to have dinner with my sister, the food was really good and they have some nice specials.
There is a lot of seating in the bar area, including a few booths and high-top tables.
Our waitress was very helpful and explained the specials including in the happy hour specials.
I had the chicken tacos with mango salsa with strawberries, and rice and black beans on the side and a sommerbrau to wash it all down.
The flavors were great and complimented each other.
Perfect!

Alongside with my last review...
This seems to be a common meeting place for our circle of friends, and it seems between the all of us, we try all of their draft beers.
I love this, and I must say, their hefe, is breathtaking.
I'd like one right now, lol Again, lobster bisque amazing, great sangria with marinating fruit chunks!!
They do have a last call so...you've been warned.

We enjoyed the food but it wasn't hot and wasn't great!
The waiter was the best part of our whole experience.. Nice atmosphere and the garlic fries were the best part of the meal cause they were fresh...

Their happy hour compared to neighbors Kona Grill and Brio is not good at all.
Expensive, greasy, and plain.
Do yourself a favor and takes 100 steps to the left!!
Kona all the way!!

Gordon Biersch got that same feel as BJ's Brewery, Yardhouse.. Can't really go wrong with places like this.
Never went wrong with this:  Gordon Biersch Cheeseburger and Garlic Fries: The 3/4 inch thick (10oz., USDA Choice Beef) Patty matched the diameter of buns with the perfect checker board grill marks and char, melted american cheese (doesn't quite stretch as wide as the patty), crisp veggies and toasted buns..
This my friends was a simple but perfectly satisfying all american burger!
The Garlic Fries another hit!
Nice balance of Garlic and some crunch from the fries, so good!
Real Chill Ambiance, Great value, Many Many different Food Items ranging from Artichoke dip to Cajun fish tacos, a Fully stocked bar.. Service better than average.
A great place for a casual date or a group of alcoholics!

Derek must be off his rocker.
Expensive happy hour?
A good percentage of the liquor in their specialty cocktails is premium.
Most bars I've worked at charge roughly $12 for premium liquor to start, an extra $2 bump for rocks, martinis or doubles.
I typically go for their margaritas, which are a double pour, and they're only $5 on happy hour.
WINNING.
I always have a pleasant head change after ponying up to the bar during happy hour or watching the game.
As for the food, I've always been a fan, even before I became more of a happy hour patron.
When I do dinner here, tataki salad is awesome, pastas and steaks rock, and the side veggies always get destroyed.
Long story short, I've never not left here feeling fat and happy.
As for the yelpers who wanna complain the the fried foor doesn't have a prettyu presentation... are you gonna mount it and hang it on your wall, or eat it?
Seriously...
I can't ever recall the girl bartenders name that's usually working when we come in, all I know is she's a Chargers fan.
Anyway, props to her, always above and beyond service.
Love GB.

The service was incredibly slow and the waiter and bartenders ignored our group.
I have eaten here once more before and did not have the best experience.
I was reluctant to go back but my friends are new to the area and wanted to try it out.
The atmosphere is very nice though.

Food: really good although a little too much garlic for my taste.
It might have been an off day, but every time we drive by I smell nothing but garlic.
Wide selection and prepared well.
Price: good for the quality that comes on the plate.
Service: we went in during down time so we were literally waited on hand and foot.

I would give this Gordon Biersch 4 stars.
Mind you this is based on the greatest hour of the day.
Happy Hour!
The drinks are cheap & the so is the food.
You can't really go wrong with any of their appetizers.
My one complaint would be that their hosting service is not That great.
To get a hold of My waiter/waitress can be pretty difficult At times.
Why is it so hard for a girl to ask for another round?
Other than that, the food is delicious and still worth going!
There appetizers are delicious!

Whaddya expect?
Well, it's a good middle-level chain restaurant with a lot of noise and activity and decent food.
If that's your thing, you'll find this place just fine.
I like from time to time, but others better.

Gordon Biersch (Boca Park, Summerlin)  Gordon Birsch at this location is located in the beautiful Summerlin area, in the busy and classy Boca Park Plaza, where there are many other well-known restaurants.
So, parking could be difficult at times.
But there is valet parking just a few yards across the front door.
It is definitely worth the effort getting there to enjoy your happy hour!
Like its beautiful, huge, sister establishment near the strip, this GB has the identical, famous Happy Hours (that runs 2X a day, 3-7pm and 9pm-closing!
) with great German beers and tasty dishes starting at $5, and a fantatic staff who are efficient and exceptionally friendly!
Unlike its sister establishment, GB in Summelin has a very cozy bar counter, and only a few booths and bar tables, but it does have a charming patio (- heated with torches in the winter; cooled with mists in the hot summer)!
Its serving crew is incredibly friendly and smart.
Most of them recognize repeat customers and could even address them by name at times - making one feel like being in that Bar in the old TV series, "Cheers" (-OK, so I am old and nostalgic!
)  - It's a great place to unwind and watch sports over a couple drinks, especially their vast selection of tasty German style beers!
By the way, please note that their "Seasonal Beers, which are NOT listed on the regular drinks menu, could have an usually higher alcohol content, so be sure to ask the barkeep of their alcohol contents, just in case you don't be OVERLY happy by surprise!
Peterskis 12/16/11

Great place for beer, OK place for food.
People love to hang out here for happy hour.
I've never been overly impressed with the food or the service.
I go for the beers.
But even then, I don't like over crowded restaurants.
I'm only there for the drinks and to mingle with my group.
The only good things I've had for food there are -  Calamari Ahi Salad Lobster and Shrimp Tacos   Other than that, if you are looking for decent bar food, and good beer, go here.

Love the outdoor seating, always get the appetizers and a pint.
Sliders are AMAZING!

i have been going to Biersch for a long time, and it really went downhill for a while and I think I even got food poisoning at the one on paradise.
However, lately it has been very good and one my go to lunch spots.
The pot stickers are the best i've had anywhere and the garlic fries are always great.
Most everything i've orderers there the last 2-3 years has been great and the SW Chicken Sandwich is always really good.
Try the happy hour for cheap drinks and apps too!

My first visit to Gordon Biersch was a pleasant one.
I like the decor- comfortable seating, interesting things to look at.
I like when restaurants are broken up into smaller spaces, like this one is.
There's a raised section with booths, a bar with a flat screen TV, and a back area with a glassed in section with wi-fi (you have to pay to use that space).
Nice wood floors help create a warm atmosphere.
The meal I had was pretty good but nothing special: fish and fries.
However, the garlic fries were definitely tasty.
The service was good, the prices all right.
Bottom line: I'd come again and I'd recommend it to friends for an enjoyable time.

I had drinks with a friend the other night.
The staff was super friendly.
The bar area was pretty quite (the main dining room was closed when we were there).
However, the bar did offer a limited late night dining menu and great happy hour drink specials.
If you like mixed drinks, all the specialty cocktails are $5.00 11 to close.
I tried a couple and they were all very delish.

Okay, okay.
I had to update because I had an amazing burger here.
The Surf and Turf.
I love seafood, and this burger has a nice thick beef patty with lobster meat, on.
Top.
Of.
It.
I've had it twice now, and I love it.
I love seafood in general, and this burger hits the spot when I'm craving a good one.
We also had calmari, and stuffed shrimp.
The calamari is good, I just wish it was a little more crispy.
The wasabi sauce they give you with it is really good.
The stuff shrimp was good, but not my favorite.
Anyways, if you're looking for a new good burger, try the Surf and Turf.

GB's main attraction is their beer- it's the best in town and won't disappoint.
Food is another story.
It's inconsistent and sometimes overpriced.
Happy Hour 7 days a week is nothing to overlook, and $5 martinis are more than worth it.
Their loyalty club, Passport, is one of the best in town as well.
The patio is great and the overall atmosphere is fun.

I don't know what happened to Gordon Biersch.
I've been to this location before and I've enjoyed the food, drinks, and the service, but this time, I went for lunch on Saturday.
The food and the drinks were terrible.
I ordered strawberry lemonade and I couldn't even drink it because it was too sour.
It was like they forgot the sweet syrup for the lemonade.
I offered it to everyone at my table who also agreed with me that it was extremely lemony, and it didn't taste like strawberry at all even though the color was correct.
I ordered a steak sandwich, and I asked for it medium.
It came out completely rare.
Parts of the steak were tough, greasy, and fatty.
I really didn't enjoy that at all.
I won't be coming back to Gordon Biersch anymore.
Even their garlic fries seemed lackluster today.
The only thing that was good about my visit was the service.
The manager came and asked us how everything was and thanked us for dining there.
Our waiter was nice and attentive, and we were in and out very fast.
We never had to wait for him to come around.

All I have to say is Shrimp and Lobster tacos are the shiznit!
try them, they are good.
Their specialty beers are blah...

The food here is great.
They have the best fish tacos in town.
The beer here is great too, if you like the german style beers.
The food is consistently great at lunch and dinner.
My complaint is that the service here is sub-par.
I have eaten/drank at the bar, the out-door area, and inside the restaurant.
The service is so incredibly slow.
You can literally sit and wait with an empty drink for 20 minutes before someone comes by to see if you need/want another drink, and then it might be another 10-20 minutes before they bring it to you.
It might just be me, but this really irritates me.
Especially when you can see the wait staff chatting with each other near the bar for 5-10 minutes while you are waiting.
We decided to go to Grimaldi's instead.
It is the same parking lot, and they have the best Pizza I have ever eaten.
Their wait staff almost always approaches you before your drink is empty.

Ya'll already know....This is my spot!
I love this place!
pototoe chip nachos...Extra chees and jalapenos...Ohhh hell to the yea!
I can't believe I missed on this menu...The Hummus salad..........SayyyyyyWhat...........Lots of hummus, you can have with our without meat.
I tried it with the salmon, it was ok.
I now order it with the grilled chicken...WOW!
I love , love love this salad, and they serve it with flat bread!
Maibock is out right now, well for 1 more week!
Love that beer!

We came here for brunch, meeting up with my brother-in-law, who lives in town.
We came pretty early in the day, so the place wasn't that busy.
Which meant that our service was excellent.
Our server, Diane, kept on coming by to check on us and refill our drinks.
I ordered the Montecristo sandwich, which was served with a side of maple syrup.
While it may not sound good to many people, it was heaven to this sweet tooth!
To counteract this, we ordered a side of garlic fries to share.
While many places do Garlic fries, Gordon Biersch has the best.
The fries were very hot and fresh, with just the right amount of garlic.
Often, places overwhelm this dish with garlic, but not Gordon Biersch.
If you ever grave garlic fries, come here.

My first visit here was nice.
Not overwhelming, but comfy and cosy.
Next few visits were kind of blah, as I didn't particularly enjoy the food.
My most recent visit was a couple of days ago and I had a lovely time, mainly because of the company, the well-done food, and the charming server (who called me "beautiful"....sure, that may be cheesy, but what woman doesn't appreciate being called beautiful?).
The menu doesn't feature anything exotic or out-of-the-ordinary, but you will find your comfort food and your bar food and a decent selection of brews.
I like the food at 4Peaks (in AZ) and YardHouse better, but Gordon Biersch is a viable alternative.

We are regulars and have tried several things on their menu!
I have yet to have anything that I don't like.
Also if you are a fan of brewry beer...good place to go.
The atmosphere is upbeat and the service has always been fast and friendly!
Great place for lunch/dinner or happy hour.
We have taken several friends and family here when they come to visit and no complaints!!

All American food, the beer was great the Moroccan salmon was ok the white Rice was more like an oatmeal really bad!
and the service was less than the average  Since I had better past experience in this restaurant I'll be back

Went during happy hour.
The drinks were amazing.. Pomegranate mojito!!!
The food was good, and the waitress was on top of things and friendly!

The first time we went to Gordon Biersch was right after they opened, and we'd gone for Happy Hour.
That was before the economy tanked, and we had been spoiled by Kona Grill's HH offerings, which lamentably are now a ghost of its past glory (Bring back that Goat Cheese Pizza!!!).
Gordon just couldn't compare, so we never went back, that is, until we were invited for one of those "Listen to Our Spiel and We'll Serve You Dinner" events, held in the small private room wayyy in the back of the restaurant, even past the rest rooms.
Out the back door and we'd be on Lake Mead Blvd.
We had a choice of three items, preceded by a small Caesar salad:  Pasta Marinara, Chicken Teriyaki & Shrimp Tempura, and Chicken in Marzen sauce.
I ordered the chicken, having no idea what Marzen sauce was supposed to be - with an umlaut, no less - but I wasn't as smart as a friend of ours, who ordered it without any of the sauce, because that turned out to be a heavy, gloppy, pinkish concoction with mushrooms.
Hubby ordered the same thing.
It was served with garlic mashed and some soggy vegetables.
I realize that this dinner may not have been entirely representative of GB's usual fare, but it should be an enticement to get the patrons trapped for two full hours before a morsel of food was served (definitely NOT Gordon Biersch's doing, I'm sure) to want to come back and order from the regular menu.
Except for excellent service, nothing about the food will make my restaurant bucket list.

I've visited this Biersch location several times over the years, for varying reasons.
More often than not it was to relax on a Friday after a completing a long and strenuous week of formatting excel spreadsheets.
Their happy hour is good for beer.
There are several "speciality" cocktails which are available as happy hour specials but they are mostly very sweet, fruit based concoctions.
I'd much prefer to be able to just get a $5 jack and coke, but that's just me.
None of the happy hour food offerings are exactly groundbreaking fare, but most of it is tasty and a steal at the happy hour prices.
The best of those options to me are the Southwest Combo which comes with Pork sliders, southwest egg rolls and the famous garlic fries.
Also the tapas for $5 are a steal for the flatbread with hummus and some other dips/toppings.
None of the mediterranean restaurants around town should be shaking in their boots over the quality of this plate, but it was certainly better than I expected it to be when I ordered it.
I've also been a few times for lunch, and the last time I went I tried the Moroccan salmon entree.
The salmon was well cooked and I really enjoyed the spices used in the preparation of it.
I tend to prefer my salmon to not be smothered in a lot of sauce or spices that mask the flavor of the fish itself, and this version pleased me in that respect.
I don't remember the price point but I did think it was maybe a few dollars too expensive especially during lunch (it wasn't on any special lunch menu), but ultimately it was worth it.
What sets this location of a chain that specializes in 3 star food IMO is the service.
95% of the time I've gone the service has been excellent.
Drinks are refilled quickly, and the waitresses are very friendly even when we're being loud and obnoxious after our 4th round of beers and asking for the channel to be changed on one of the many TVs around the bar area showing various sports.
And that basically sums up my happy hour needs in a nutshell.
Biersch succeeds

Gordon Biersch does not need any more positive press.
They are as crowded as can be during Happy Hour and when they have their tapping parties...both of which are good.
GB is an above average bar with an above average restaurant.
They have one of the better patios in the westside/summerlin  areas.
Their beer is okay.
I am a fan of the Marzen and their winter seasonal, the  Winterbock.
The wait staff does a real good job and the managers are great at this location.
That being said GB is too popular/crowded for me, and doesn't offer quite enough quality beers on a regular basis for me to come here more.

I used to live in Palo Alto, home of the original Gordon Biersch, in the early 1990s, so my immediate association with Gordon Biersch was "obnoxious yuppies.
" But hey, I was in grad school then.
The Las Vegas Gordon Biersch is really popular, so if you are going with a group, call ahead, or make a reservation, if they will let you.
We were a party of 10 but they don't have a 10-top so were split between two tables outdoors.
That said, their outdoor seating is nice and there was only one person smoking nearby (I am always surprised at people smoking in restaurants since I live in a smoke-free city).
I ordered the Heffeweisen, which was truly delicious and tasted like peaches.
Very smooth going down.
The mushroom and swiss burger was perfectly cooked to order and insanely delicious even without a bun.
Even with cole slaw substituted for fries, the burger made a very filling meal.
Other people at the table ordered ahi tacos and fish and chips, and seemed to be enjoying their food.
The noise level was acceptable outside, so it seemed like a good place to come with a bunch of friends and be able to have a conversation.

My first visit to GB was at a happy hour (good value).
I saw all the raves about the garlic fries here, so I tried the tapas and the garlic fries.
The tapas was ok.
The garlic fries were ok, if a bit soggy.
Really, ravers about the garlic fries?
Hmm.
They were ok at best.
That's just at the time of eating, never mind the aftermath.
I totally love garlic, but these must've somehow had a powerful chemical reaction in me that caused really gross burps all night (the zombies and clowns weren't the only scary things at FrightDome that night!).
Then when the garlicky farts started...ay carumba!
Talk about gagsville!
The next day, my husband called me Garlic Girl!
Maybe it was the combo of garlic fries with all the roasted garlic in the tapas.
I'll give GB another go, especially at happy hour prices but will avoid all things garlicky.
Or maybe I'll just go to Kona Grill or Cheesecake Factory instead.
Summary: The service was good, the happy hour value was good.
The food was meh.

Yum!
Great food, great ambiance, I would reccommend this place to anyone.
I would like to come back for happy hour, I've heard good things.

I would give it a 5 star because I truly love the food, but today the service was a little wack.
It all started when I called in to place a togo order and the lady that answered the phone was annoying.
She kept laughing, making it seem that she was not paying any attention to the orders I was giving her and she was paying more attention to the person next to her talking.
She kept asking me to repeat myself when I know I was talking extremely clear and even giving her the K for Kite talk.
When I arrived to pickup the food, the bartender who was the take out food gal kept calling me babe.
I do not think it is professional when you call a customer babe.
My last issue was when I was going through the food to make sure everything was there, I was missing one side of vegetables and the other side of vegetables  was only half full.
I have ordered the side of vegetables many many times and it has always been packed full.
In a calm and friendly voice I asked them to fill the container.
She gave me a "geez" kind of look and took the container back to the kitchen but within a few minutes the manager kindly came over and apologized for the lack of vegetables and assured me the problem was being taken care of.
Besides my little setbacks, I love love love this place!
The salmon is cooked perfectly and side of vegetables are spiced just right!
The price for most of the menu is above $10, but well worth the great food you get!
If you want to get a full meal but want to spend under $10, you can get a side of salmon for $5, a side of veggies for $2.95 and a side of rice and beans for $2.25.....Yo u might be the most annoying customer and the cheapest too but it works for me!

Call ahead for reservations!
We made last minute reservations (it was a Saturday night I think) just in case.
The hostess was so nice on the phone and expecting us when we got there.
The service was good considering they were a little busy (not swamped, but there were several large parties that night).
The food was really good and they have a kids' menu so even our little picky eater was able to find something suitable.
Great place if you need a chill/casual date night.

Definitely, a 4.3 but i will round it down to a 4.
Walking in on a saturday night at 6pm, there was surprisingly not much of a wait.
Maybe ten minutes.
We requested for a booth, which is why we had a bit of a wait.
My husband and step dad headed to the bar to get a couple beers.
Marzen was the name if I remember correctly.
We were seated towards the middle, with a waiter named Scott.
He was very personable and friendly.
He opened up to us about how our 2 year old daughter reminded him of his daughter who is 15 months.
Instantly our daughter gravitated to him and his warm personality.
He asked if we wanted something for her to munch on while we waited.
YES!
Please!
While waiting to pick out our meals, Scott brought my daughter a big bowl of fruit filled with grapes, cantalope, melon, and pineapple.
She loved it.
Kept her entertained too.
After looking at the large menu, we decided to start with an app, calamari.
I loved it.
YUM.
It came with two sauces.
A regular red marinara, and then a different tarter lemony, mustardy sauce.
It was great.
Very unusual.
Never had that with calamari before.
As our meals, I ordered the lobster mac n cheese.
($20) It was very light, buttery and refreshing.
There was plenty of lobster, in small bite sized pieces.
Cooked to perfection.
Ive had it in pasta before and always found it over cooked.
The shrimp was delicious and a nice pair.
It was usual because it came with bow tie pasta instead of the usual macaroni.
A nice change.
It was a good sized mount, but after eating a bit of the app i could only finish half.
My step dad and husband had no problem finishing off the rest.
My step dad and husband got the steak.
($22) Dad got it with veggie and mash potatoes.
Hubby got it with fruit and garlic fries.
I certainly made sure to try a bit of everything they had.
The mash potatoes were full of garlic and potato skins.
YUCK, i hate skins.
The garlic fries were very tasty and very well seasoned.
The steak on both, were cooked to perfection.
My step dads was medium rare and extremely tender.
I made sure to go back for second bites on that.
The veggies were a type of medley, of zucchini and carrots.
I noticed the portions were a little smaller than i expected  My daughter got the mac n cheese with fruit and asked for an extra side, which was french fries.
($5) Scott had no problem giving us a second side for no extra charge.
Sweet!
Her mac n cheese tasted just like the kraft type, which is her favorite.
French fries were medium sliced.
All the food came out piping hot which is a very nice change to some of the restaurant Ive been to before.
I actually burned my tongue on my lobster/shrimp pasta.
For dessert we ordered, the apple cinnamon bread pudding with a scoop of vanilla ice cream AND their brownie and ice cream drizzled with carmel and chocolate sauce.
Both were barely warm, almost cold but they were still really good.
It took 20 minutes for our desserts, which was ridiculous.
Thank goodness my daughter was preoccupied with crayons and the guys were busy with the football game on the tv.
I'm sure they would have been the highlight of our meals had they been hot.
The waiter Scoot apologized and took both desserts off our bill and said he was sorry everything took so long because the kitchen was backed up.
other than a few bumps in the road the customer service was outstanding and the food was very good.
We def will be coming back.

Excellent service.
Superior food.
Fabulous beer.
We love this place, and this experience sealed the deal.
We were there for a friend's birthday party.
The waitstaff (our waiter in particular) was positively the best I've ever experienced - bar none.
Yes, I'm actually gushing.
One guy to take care of our party of 10+ and he didn't miss a beat, didn't drop an order, kept us hydrated, and even joked with the kids.
He and several others brought in the cake (that we brought from Costco), lit candles and led us in singing.
He helped serve it, and even packaged it when we had more than half left over (we told them to share as much as they wanted with the staff).
Plus, the food - OMG!
I shared an ahi appetizer, which led to me getting the lobster bisque (holy handbaskets, I died and went to heaven), then ordering the seared tuna dinner.
The prices are not as high as you'd expect for this level of cuisine.
We went to the GB on Maryland for my birthday in November, and had a lovely time then, too.
This one is our favorite, though.

Best Happy Hour Around PERIOD.
The food specials are yummers and the beers are huge.
What more could you ask for??
I tried the Warm Apple Bread Pudding the other night and HOLY MOLY!
it was SOO good.
Warm apples, sweet caramel and bread pudding.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
(I seriously have a fat kid living in me trying to break free).
YOU MUST TRY IT!

Good beer.
Interesting pizza.
Solid choice.

Stopped by this GB too late for happy hour, but I was super hungry, so I was ready to get my eat on.
I was perusing the menu when WHAT'S THIS??
They have a blue cheeseburger!!
It was a Kobe blue cheeseburger I might add!
It was called the Kobe Black & Blue and so my decision was made right then and there!
I paired it was the seasonal brew, but I cannot remember what it's called!
It was the strong ale.
Anywho, the burger came with a knife shoved right in the middle!
It was pretty funny.
Nevertheless, I pulled it out and proceeded to eat the burger as delivered and not cut down into little lady like pieces.
It was a nice thick patty that was relatively juicy.
All in all it was a good burger.
I just wish it had MORE blue cheese.
In my book, you can really never have too much.
My dining partner had the Kobe cheeseburger with a fried egg.
Is that a Vegas thing?
I've never seen soo many fried eggs on burgers before!
HAHA!
Anyways, good dining experience, but I **THINK** the Kobe burgers are a test out.
I don't know if they are on the permanent GB menu (just my instinct, no one actually said this).
I've never seen them on the menu before.
I do believe the search continues!
Next stop: The Cheesecake Factory's Blue Cheese B.L.T Burger!

Great happy hour.
I met a friend last minute for happy hour a few weeks ago and based on a past experience over a year ago, we decided to go back.
The wine selection and happy hour appetizers were really good and well priced.
Our service was excellent too.
The waitress had a great personality and even made me laugh.
Tough to come by these days so i appreciated that.
Wish i got her name.
I'd go back again.

I recently went to this location, after work, with two co-workers to partake in the Happy Hour promotions that they run.
We went in and the hostess brought us around the bar area to the dining room.
Now, ordinarily (especially in Las Vegas) most establishments won't honor their Happy Hour specials outside of the bar area, so when we got to our table I asked the hostess if we could still get Happy Hour specials in the dining room.
She was rude and seemed a annoyed that I was asking her that question.
She said she thought we could and I reiterated that most places don't allow that.
She then sarcastically replied that I would have to speak with our server.
Ok, so our hostess wasn't actually interested in being cordial, whatever.
Our server arrived and informed us that we COULD get Happy Hour prices and we ordered drinks and several appetizers.
One thing I liked about this place was that if you order a Red Bull/Vodka (which wasn't included in the Happy Hour cost), they give you the remainder of the Red Bull in the can and our server instructed me to just order a Happy Hour vodka and mix it myself.
I like when an establishment thinks of me and my wallet before their final bill total.
All in all, the food was good and the drinks were good, but the service had room for improvement.
However, I will say that we ordered one of our items, the pototo chip nachos, and it didn't have enough cheese on it.
The manager made his rounds to inquire about everyone's evening and when he stopped at out table, one of the girls pointed it out to him.
He immediately took the entire dish back to the kitchen and had them add more cheese to it.
That just sat well with me.
I'll more than likely be back, but I'll plan for it to be on a more leisurely weekday and hope that the OVERALL customer service is better.

Even without comparing this location to the other (and the lesser) in the valley, I have to say that the level of service, quality and timeliness of food (not to mention presentation and attention to detail!
) is impeccable.
Every time.
The outdoor seating area (often neglected at other restaurants) is always clean, and my wife and I love sitting out by the fire with our dog.
The staff (3 times, unprovoked) has asked if we would like a small tray of water for the dog.
Above and beyond, each and every time.
The bartenders, Heather in particular, are super friendly, always accommodating, and always willing to chat without being invasive.
Never a bad experience here.

Good happy hour food and drink options.
The food was well prepared and tasty.
The waiter was overloaded so the service was lacking.
Also, he wasn't up on the menu so I had to send back an order that included ingredients he didn't tell me about.

My wife and I went to this restaurant a week and a half ago for one last dinner in Vegas.
I had a delicious burger with a beer and my wife had a chicken dish.
We also shared a calimari appetizer before we got our main courses.
The venue was stylishly decorated and the food was very succulent.
The only drawback was a slightly messy table when we first came in (just a few crumbs) and also the waiters seemed to take a long time for a slow night.
The place was partially filled so unless the crew was vastly understaffed there would be no reason for the food/extra orders to take so long.
So for those minor reasons they get 4/5 stars.
The chocolate melting cake is to die for...
Otherwise, good place to go!

I wonder what philanthropic endeavors GB champions.
I would like to see a nice donation to Three Square myself.

I'm a HUGE FAN of this restaurant.
The food is always delicious, the services is amazing and I just love the whole experience when I dine there.
Their new lemon cake with white chocolate mousse and blueberry sauce is to die for.
You have to try it if you go there!
Andrew and Scott are super nice and always give me a GREAT service.
Make sure to meet Tim the manager, he's really nice.

Very good food and decent micro beers.
The restaurant wasn't busy at all due to the time of the day and of course the service was excellent.
Had the Kobe sliders and an order of the garlic fries.
Definitely worth a stop to check out.

Dog friendly times ten!
I am a regular at this restaurant for their Happy Hour specials, which they have every single day.
I like that the patio is open seating and you can sit wherever you like.
I never have a wait time when I go to this restaurant (even on Mother's Day!).
Their pet policy is that dogs are welcome as long as they don't cause a problem.
My dog is very relaxed, so I'm lucky, but they go above and beyond to make even his experience pleasant.
He gets his plastic cup of water and the passer-by's stop to tell him how cute he is and pet him as he sits on the ledge of the patio.
It really is the perfect spot for a weekly Happy Hour where you can relax and enjoy the Vegas weather.
The San Francisco lemonade mixed drink is phenomenal but he sangria martini had WAYY too much sour.
Typically their drinks are spot on and I'm always a fan of the $5 mixed drink specials.
As for appetizers, the baja tacos (in fish or steak) are super good and I get them every time I'm there.
Occasionally, I'll get another appetizer dish and so far the only appetizer I was unhappy with were the potstickers.
There can be a bit of a lag time when it comes to the servers, but their fantastic service more than makes up for the wait.
Kudos to the management and the staff!

Love this place.
Great Service, Great Food, and the atmosphere is always enjoyable.
Try the Kobe Burger its the best!
Great place to catch a game!

Beers: the Märzen wasn't bad;  flavor was ok, falls flat pretty quickly.
I tried a taste of the SommerBrau; not a fan, too light and floral for my tastes.
Food was good.
I ordered the crab artichoke dip.
The dip was good but the toast points were a bit stale.
I had a chicken avocado sandwich; delicious  Our server was great, VERY attentive.
I wouldn't be opposed to going back, hopefully they will have the IPA on tap next time.

Favorite restaurant in Vegas!
I know it's a chain but it's just so good.
My wife and I have eaten here dozens of times in the past year or so and never seem to get sick of it.
Their menu is large and diverse enough that there's always something for whatever mood you are in.
The food is always fresh and delicious, and the draft beer is out of this world.
The Peach Tea is also refreshing on a hot day.
Favorite menu items---Southwest Eggroll Appetizer, Chicken Sandwich with sliced avocados, Flat Iron Steak, TACOS!!

Awesome food, friendly staff, and really good beer.
What else could you want from a restaurant?

Decided to try this place for after dinner drinks with wifey.
They have a good selection of brews and an overall cool place to hang out.
Didn't have a chance to check out the food menu.
Place is worth a visit for drinks or just hanging out.

My family loves this location.
We go for happy hour on Saturday every week and sit on the patio.
We can enjoy drinks, tapas, or whatever we feel like.
We relax, our child has a good time.
The staff is awesome.
My husband goes for the beers, has his favorites, and enjoys them.
I am more of a $5 premium cocktail girl.
You cannot beat those deals on happy hours.
The passport rewards card is also a huge benefit.
The servers will offer or give one.
We have already racked up tons of rewards.
We usually eat some happy hour apps to share, have salads, or flatbreads.
Good way for a light cheap dinner and cheap cocktails.
We haven't tried it at other times in years so this review is just for the past several Saturdays for the past few months.
The manager is a nice lady too.
Very attentive to our child.

Pepper jack lobster and shrimp tacos blue corn tortilia black beans and rice, very cold beer!
Good service.

GLUTEN FREE AT GB  Having a gluten and grain allergy, it is difficult to find a restaurant where I can eat and not get sick.
Today, my husband and I had an awesome lunch at Gordon Biersch without me having any symptoms of cross contamination (which trust me, I feel immediately).
I was hesitant to even try this place as they didn't have a dedicated gluten free menu; however, when we walked in the manager-- Matt-- was very knowledgeable about gluten and assured me he could help me find things on the menu.
After Matt sat us, he spent time comparing an allergy menu to the regular menu.
He was awesomely patient going through ingredients, etc.
I decided on a caesar salad with  warm grilled chicken.
After he took our orders and explained them to our waitress, he went back to the kitchen to make sure the staff understood the precautions.
My husband had a salad too, and although his was not gluten free he said it was equally as fresh and delicious.
When we had finished our meal, Matt even came back to check on us and make sure everything was okay.
I highly recommend GB on Rampart whether you have a food allergy or not!
Their attention to detail and obvious care for customers was admirable.
ADDENDUM:  My husband and I went back to GB last evening, and the evening crew definitely didn't have gluten knowledge down like the servers/manager (Matt) from the day crew.
The waitress thought gluten was in oil (???
), and she told me that the entire meal I ate the day before was "definitely not gluten free!
"  For a split second I hoped for a gluten miracle; had I been cured of my celiac?...Very doubtful, and  so when I heard that comment, I asked for the manager, Amanda, to help.
While Amanda was very nice and totally willing to assist, I had to prompt her to get allergen book that Manager Matt had shown us the day before in helping me to find gluten/wheat free food.
Amanda admitted she was not totally aware of allergens, which I found odd for a manager of a restaurant who also admitted that there are "so many gluten allergies these days.
"  We went through the allergen book and I ordered the exact same thing I had the day before--caesar salad with  warm grilled chicken.
I asked her to instruct the kitchen to change gloves, use new bowls, etc.
to avoid cross contamination (something that Manager Matt brought up before I could).
By that time, the waitress was totally into this and she monitored the kitchen to make sure those directions were followed....And, I lived.
Moral of the story: If you have an allergy to anything, you still have to be a self advocate.
At  least at GB, you can ask for the allergen book, figure it out yourself, and survive to write about it the next day.

I came in for lunch, sat at the bar, was carded for my club soda and felt like I was invisible because I wasn't ordering proper drinks with my food.
It was ok bar food at great happy hour price.
Nothing really to race about though.

Came here to eat for my best friends graduation dinner.
We had a very large party but were seated very quickly (with no reservations).
Service was good.
Drinks were refilled quickly and our server seemed to always be around if we needed to ask for something.
Food:  I ordered the Cajun pasta and a side of garlic fries (you can't come to gordon biersch and not order some garlic fries).
The fries were amazing, of course.
But I was very disappointed in my pasta.
It had a really weird powdery taste.
My best friend tasted it and she said it must have been the type of seasoning/spice they used.
I ate a few bites, but just gave up and gorged on my fries.
Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food and we all had a good time so I wasn't too unhappy.

A friend took me to lunch here to thank me for helping her unpack her house.
Started with a Marzen and some "legendary" garlic fries.
The fries were good but didn't live up to the hype.
Then we moved on to several different appetizers.
Fish tacos - delish.
Mediterranean Nachos  - pretty ok.  Filet Minion slider - very very good (love the onions) Blue Crab/Artichoke Dip - HOLD THE PHONE!
This was heaven on a piece of toast and I seriously thought I might have to choke my friend out if she kept shoveling it in her mouth.
Good news, we are still friends but agreed we will be ordering our own next time.
Oh yeah, after my second Marzen I had a wonderful buzz and a great afternoon nap.
Will be returning!!
The only "eh" I have is the price but I'm poor.
Also heard some rumblings about having your own beer locker there to store a special mug that gets you discounted beer.
Will be looking into this when I have the funds.

If I could give it a lesser grade I would.
First off,their artichoke dip feels like air, second their Gorgonzola topped Rib-eye was actually Gorgonzola BUTTER.
Very greasy.
And the stuffed chicken is fried, which nowhere on the menu does it mention that.
Terrible food, very misleading.

Happy Hour!
I'm a huge fan of happy hour and Gordon Biersch has a pretty good one.
$5 Specialty cocktails (I'm partial to the Kentucky Peach Punch) $5 apps and $1 OFF GB brews.
The seasonal right now is the Festbier.
It's their version of Oktoberfest Beer.
An amber with a "toasted maltiness and German Hersbrucker hops.
" It's pretty good at about 5% abv.
The veggie pizza is my favorite $5 appetizer but the tapas with flatbread and garlic fries are decent snack options too.
The baja tacos with sauteed fish are a good, shareable choice as well.
It's a serving of 4 tacos for $7 during happy hour.
The service in the bar area is usually great.
If it gets crowded it can be a little slow but it's never been bad.
I used to sit outside on the patio.
I usually really enjoy dining alfresco but....I don't get very good service on the patio.
It really shouldn't matter where you chose to sit but, I assure you, it does.
I feel neglected when I'm out there so I tried sitting in the bar and it worked wonders.
As chain restaurants go, this one is a pretty good option.
If I could throw in a half star for the brewery I'd give this location a solid 3.5.

I attended a business luncheon in the meeting room in the back.
I ordered a Chicken Cashew Salad.
It was really tasty but seemed like the portion was quite dainty.
Perhaps they were telling me I didn't look hungry or maybe that I didn't need the calories.....
Either way, I was still a little hungry by the time I had finished scraping the plate.
In addition, two of the folks who ordered burgers didn't get them until everyone else was nearly done eating and it was a fixed menu.
In fairness, there were about 20 or so people there and the server made sure our beverages were plentiful.

Decent happy hour prices...
The fried artichoke hearts were good!!!
My steak medallions were good but dry.
Garlic fries are amazing!!!
The one complaint I have is the customer service was absolutely horrible... Traci would rather do shots with the guests at the bar than refill waters, sodas or bring condiments for our entrees.
I am a manager and have done every other job in a restaurant.
Customer service is a huge part of where my fiancé and I choose to eat.
It took 10 minutes to get our check after clearing our plates and refusing desert.
The check was wrong which took another 10-15 minutes.
Being this was my first time here I'll probably never go back!!

Great service and delicious food.
The food never disappoints.
This time I tried their veggie burger made out of beans with sweet potato fries.
It was amazing!

I went to GB on Sunday to watch football with some buddies.
The happy hour is fantastic.
There are lots of things to eat and good prices on beer.
I had the slider sampler, which is a steal at $11.
You get 3 pulled pork sliders with cole slaw and 3 burger sliders with pickles and what appeared to be a mayo based sauce that had a little kick to it.
They are served with a good portion of their garlic fries, crispy and the taste of fresh garlic and herbs is heavy, which is a good thing.
I can see why the garlic fries have a solid reputation.
I'd say the food overall deserved 3 stars.
But, the comfort of the bar and the service bumps this place up to 4 stars.
Fantastic place to watch games, several TVs and if you are sitting at the bar, you can see more than 1 TV easily, so if your game is not on directly in front of you, it's not an issue.
It's a drive for me, but I'll return.

Overrated.
Avoid.
Gordon Biersch has always erected serious barriers to entry to drink their "pretty good" beers.
Most notably the fact that they eschewed the chance to have either a reasonably priced comfort food brewpub or a justified high-end gastropub and just went with big prices and mediocre food.
Regardless the main reason to go here is the beer.
It's quite solid.
Unfortunately on my latest visit the waitress requested my ID (I am mid thirties have a beard and grey hair.
I do not even remotely resemble a 20 year old.
I might be a 45 year old.
) and it just so happened I forgot it that day.
Did Gordon Biersch employ any common sense?
No they did not.
Was any effort made to placate me in the least?
Nope.
Did a manager come over and apologize?
Nay.
So the only reason to go to GB was taken form me, and thus I had a completely unavoidable, utterly crappy experience.
As a corollary I got to experience how utterly mediocre the food is when not under the influence of alcohol.
So I guess it's better now that I know the truth.

I am pretty much done with this place.
When your food comes out 10 minutes after the food from the table next to you and they ordered 10 minutes after you, your order was lost, it was not because the kitchen was slammed.
When you tell me three times in a ten minute period that my food will be out in a couple of seconds, that is called lying.
On a happier note, this was the first time the pork chop was actually good.
This place could still be better managed especially for what they are charging.

Went here for dinner last night with my boyfriend.
We have been to this location a few times & we thoroughly enjoyed our selves both times.
The sliders on the small plates menu are delicious & their house made root beer is yummy!

I haven't been to GB in a lonnnnnng time and I've recently been on a craft brew kick so I thought I would give them a try.
I tried their seasonal beer and their Heffy and both were delicious, the feel of the restaurant is very cozy and our server was on top of things.
I got the jambalaya sans shrimp (blehck!).
It was pretty good, my only complaint about the dish was it was pretty bland, no Louisiana Cajun spice and much was needed in this dish.
I would get it again but might bring my own Cajun spice to add some flavor again.
Great place for a first date or 100th.

I had a pretty terrible experience today!
First me and my friend walked in and requested to sit outside on the patio since it was a beautiful day, the hostess told us to go ahead and seat ourselves, no problem.
We went to go sit at a table and the party in front of us received menus and the hostess completely forgot to give us some and had no intentions on returning with any menus.
We sat and waited for a few minutes then a busy server saw us getting impatient and grabbed us menus.
We wanted cocktails and an appetizer but it took a while for the server to return.
After about 10 minutes waiting to even see the server after receiving the menus we place our entire order.
Things were going fine after that, food came out in a timely manner and was pretty tasty.
Then I was pretty disgusted with what happened next, the hostess was walking around the patio, grabbed a full glass of water from a dirty table and gave it to my friend thinking she was doing her a favor by refilling her water!!!
GROSSS!
We decided not to make a big deal but when telling the server about it, he seemed to not even care and made it seem like we were crazy.
We then finished our food and left.
Probably never going back there again.
Terrible service and all the staff seemed like they hated life.
Not good!

Bistro steak is so delicious & juicy.
Lobster & crab cake is amazing.. Love this place.
Very nice service!
Enjoy the great beer and some Starter dishes!
Absolutely come back!

I came in with a friend and sat at the bar.
The bartender greeted us immediately and handed us two menus.
We had planned on ordering food and drinks but the menus she handed us were torn and dirty.
We each ordered a drink but decided to go else where for dinner.
It is one thing to have menus that are a little worn but seeing the food coated on them turned our stomachs and we could not find it in ourselves to stay and order.

When in need of a happy hour or reverse happy hour, Gordon Biersch is usually a gold option.
I hadn't been to one in some time but I remember the garlic fries being a must along with a beer on tap.
They have a number of basic of bar food options to choose from and most are solid.
Service is basic and I enjoy the option of having indoor or outdoor dining at this location.
I usually end up on the patio if it isn't too cold or hot.

We live down the street from here and always go to their Happy Hour.
Very good prices and great food!
I tried the Baja Tacos and my boyfriend always gets the Seared Ahi.
Services is always good and staff is very friendly.

Baja tacos 5/5 Southwest egg rolls 2/5 Garlic fries 4/5 Pork sliders 2/5 BBQ chicken pizza 5/5 Turtle cheese cake 4/5 Apple bread pudding 3/5 Waitress 4.9

I'm not sure why I always forget about GB when we are in Boca but because the place next door didn't even have servers we left and came here.
There was no one even there which was surprising because it was lunch time and it's fairly big place.
Anyways, our server came out to greet us right away.
When you have a toddler you simply don't have the luxury of dining for a hour at a time.
We quickly ordered and our food came out about 10-15 minutes later.
I had the crab cake Benedict which was on their brunch menu.
I liked that the crab was "real" crab and although it was a little on the salty side it was still pretty good.
My husband ordered the CBLT.
He said it was good and the lack of sandwich told me he did in fact enjoy it.
Overall, the service was great and the food was good.
We would probably come back if we didn't forget about GB next time!

It is a nice place to go for brunch on a beautiful spring afternoon in Vegas.
Their flavored teas were yummy.
Not too tiny of a patio area for seating.
I'd skip the BBQ Chicken pizza next time, but their sliders and breakfast burrito was good.
The service was pretty good.
With all these wonderful restaurants in town, I would still considering going back to this one...
I think that says something :)

I met Ken at Gordon Biersch for an evening meeting and to catch up.
The food was very good with very generous portions.
It was late on Tuesday evening March 25th so there was seating available with televisions surrounding us to keep up with the latest scores.
Our server was Rachel and she is five stars all the way.
Took our orders right away and very attentive.
She invited us back on Thursday night because she works behind the bar.
A very good spot with friends for almost any occasion.

5 star service, 0 star food.
Sorry Gordon!
bad Ceaser sauce, bad classic salad.
( tasteless).
Sliders bread was not a burger bread and it was crunchy toasted.
This was our second trial.
We didn't give bad grade the first time.
No more trials, with this kind of foid, BJ's or Cheesecake Factory is better.
Pleae upgrade your cooks and menu.

Great place to go for lunch.
Be sure to sit in the bar area for happy hour if you are dining between 3pm and 7pm or 9pm to closing.
We didn't know this the first few times and could've saved on our appetizers.
They have plenty of booths in this area as well, if you are like me and prefer a booth.
The blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich is bomb!
If you've never been here or tried it, I definitely recommend ordering this sandwich.
I literally order this with a side of garlic fries every single time I come here (and have my boyfriend order a new entree to try out haha).
The presentation seems to always change and I have to admit the last one I got was a tad saltier than normal, but nevertheless it was still really good.
The Cajun pasta is flavorful and has a good amount of meat.
The Woodford Reserve bourbon salmon is also tasty.
I prefer the sweet glaze on the side, though.
The calamari is lightly breaded and fried, which is nice.
I like to dip mine in salt, pepper, and lemon juice.
The blue crab and artichoke dip is a good appetizer.
I really like the crostinis they serve along side it.
The only negative is that there isn't much crab in the dip.
Also try their sampler flight of beers!
You can get six samplers for just over six dollars.

Went for happy hour last weekend.
I already knew I liked the Mahi sandwich, but they made me believers in a few other items.
I ordered the 18oz ribeye.
I almost never gamble on a chain steak or a brewpub steak, but I was in the mood for steak and the wife ordered the Mahi sandwich.
It wasn't cooked perfectly to medium-rare and it was a little grizzly, but for $22 or $23, it was definitely worth what I paid.
The $5 martini deal at happy hour is fantastic.
Grey Goose and a decent pour.

Every time I've been here, the food is always amazing.
The service can vary from average to above average and therefore I'm only giving it 4 stars.
This time I got the Gorgonzola Ribeye which was amazing!
The presentation made the steak look even more appealing than it already was.
Cooked to medium rare perfection along with the seasoning and gorgonzola butter made it mouth watering.
I've ordered burgers and sandwiches before and each time, they always knock it out of the park.
So if you are looking for some great food, a good atmosphere and typically above average service, Gordon Biersch is the place for you.

I go here frequently for their happy hour.
Great beers and the fish tacos are hard to beat!
Love this place and the patio!

Foods great and so's the "craft" beer !
Good service , shout out to Christy , and lots of TVs to watch everything that's on.

This was my first time ever and I have to say the food was better than I thought it was going to be.
The lump crab was so good and the tarter sauce that went with it.
I had the Cajun pasta and I really enjoyed it.
The prices were a little higher but it was worth it!
Definitely will be back to try something else off the menu.

Beers on the patio   Working out a place to have a beer with a few friends after work we stopped by for a few cold ones at Gordon's.
The menu has a nice extensive beer range with beers on draft and bottle.
They also have some great beers that are company brewed.
The brown ale they have has a great taste and is highly recommended.
The layout has a great seating area at the rear for groups with the center containing booths and tables for 4.
The bar and high top seating complements the front of house with a great patio that can be awesome on a nice warm night.
I have eaten here once before grabbing a GB cheeseburger, as I remember it being  a great tasting burger that was extremely satisfying.
The fries that came with the burger were a little dried out and a little tasteless.
High chairs available with a little kids menu to go with.
Overall  Good service  Clean business  Decent food Great beer

Glad I got to visit this restaurant today during happy hour.
Their prices were great and so were the portion sizes.
I got my Mediterranean Chicken from the light menu so I was expecting something small, but it was decent and I was still left feeling satisfied.
The staff was very friendly and I noticed they all really work together to serve their customers.
The gentleman who was helping us out knew his beer and was able to tell us the types of flavors to expect from each.
We got the beer sampler, so since this guy knew his product he suggested the order in which to drink them - and he was on point.
This place is great for lunch with family, small business meetings, or early evening drinks with friends.

Went to this location last night and not really impressed!
When my girl friend n i approched the hostess around 740pm to ask for a table she right away said with some kind attitude that the wait for a sit anywhere in the restaurant would be 45 min.
My friend asked her if even outside would take that long too cuz we've seen 3 empty dirty tables out there n she rudely said yes although i knew she kind didnt understand the question due my friend's accent.
We left n went over Kona Grill which i love but they are packed!
10min later, we passed by n my friend decided to ask her again for a table since we saw so many empty dirty tables outside n the hostess said ( like she was doing me a favor ).
Oh, if its only for 2 people i do have a table at patio.
What ever happen with the 45 min waiting list?
After taking us to the table she dropped the menu on the table n never gave us a smile or ask how we r doing!!!
The worse customer service ever!!
Abby was my server n not the best server either but she was ok. Just think she took a little bit to come back to the table after we've ordered.
I think i would appreciate more if she's recommended any dish or dessert since it was my first time going to that restaurant.
Despite the lack of customer service, food was good n beer was very cold.

I went to the place with my fiancé and for the first time going, it was not great at all!
The patio area and the front were filled with people.
For some reason or another, the hostess seats is in the VERY BACK (two booths away from the kitchen).
Really?!
What the hell was the point of that when there were absolutely NO other patrons seated there?
That alone was enough to make me walk out and not even try the items that looked good from previous customers.
Totally unacceptable to do that to a customer.

Glad we stopped in at this restaurant on a whim one day.
The bartender that served us become one of the coolest chicks we have ever met and made us feel really special, so special that when we walked back in the next week for happy hour she yelled our names with excitement to see us like we family!
That makes you feel good!
The beers are great, the food is great!
Lots of TV's to watch sports.
And they have a great happy hour and incentives for being a loyal customer!
Go see Christy (Twiggy) the bartender, you won't regret it!

The place is beautiful.
We had to take advantage of outdoor seating on one of the few under 100* days in July.
There were only two of us, but the place looks like it could handle a football team coming thru.
To sum it up: great atmosphere, the beer was refreshing, and service was great.
The food could use some creativity....
But who am I to judge

