This place blows.
Seriously blows.
I know, I shouldn't expect much at IHOP.
But I normally like it for cheap, greasy, fattening breakfasts, especially if I'm hungover.
Not anymore.
I went last month and, as always, ordered the migas.
The eggs came, with about a pathetic three or four tortilla strips in a soup of egg, tomato and grease.
All covered with an inch of USDA Grade D processed cheese.
I scraped the cheese off.
But that didn't solve the problem of the inch of grease on the plate.
I ate about four bites.
I told the waitress that it was inedible, but she wasn't helpful.
Then when I paid, the guy asked how everything was.
I told him, and he grunted.
Still had to pay for it, though.
Why do they ask if they don't care?
IHOP, I'm done with you.

The right formula!
Gourmet Food, No, but good food served in a very clean setting by thorougly friendly staff, and all at value-oriented pricing.
We love Gourmet Foodm but are also regular fans of IHOP!

Eventhough this is a chain, I feel the staff are excellent.
We had very attentive service ( helpful when eating with kids) and the food was great.
I do not eat pancakes often, so it is always a treat to eat at IHOP.
Their scrambled eggs are out of this world.
I have heard that they put pancake batter in the egg mixture to make them super-fluffy.
Great family time and value.
Thanks IHOP.

Generally, I like IHOP for a quick, generous, plain meal.
Not this branch.
It advertises right up front: "Family owned and operated.
No coupons or discounts accepted.
"  That sets the tone.
Once your server has taken your order and (maybe) delivered it correctly, you're on your own if you want to attract her attention again -- even through the place is usually three-quarters empty.
Surly, unpleasant, uncaring attitude from the top down.
At other IHOPs, I sub extra salsa for sour cream on my southwestern-style omelets.
Never a problem.
Here, they hit you an extra charge.
No point complaining to the manager.
It's "family owned," remember?
You think they're going to fire mom or sis?
Dream on.
Better yet, stay away.
There are PLENTY of other restaurants in that area, and every one of them is better.

Pancakes with a PEDIGREE .....
I think not !!!!!
Its been a few years, since We have gone to this location.
Nothing memorable, about our visits through the years.
This FRANCHISEE .... does not take IHOP coupon's.
The IHOP of our choice, has been at the 101 & Raintree.

Go every so often.
Always great service & good food.
Plus they give 20% off when you ride your motorcycle in!
Never had a bad meal here.

The next time that my boyfriend and I want to go to an IHOP, I am going to travel a bit farther and visit the one on Raintree and 101, because not only does it not accept coupons, it seems to have lazy, inattentive servers too.
I think it is a bad sign when a customer is trying to catch a server's attention, and there are three just standing near the kitchen entrance talking to each other for about ten minutes without attending them.
We unfortunately asked for extra sour cream for our Chicken Fajita omelette and waited about seven minutes for it to arrive, even though the restaurant wasn't even busy.
Needless to say, I will be avoiding this location for a while.

my wife and i visited this I hop Monday October 15 , 2012.
Approx.
11am.
I had the Monster burger with fries no seasoning extra crispy and the burger medium rare.
The fries came to our table hot and crispy no seasoning but the burger was well done... Before I ordered this burger I asked the server if medium rare is possbile here she said yes... but like most places here in the valley ordering a medium rare burger is almost impossible to get !
I ate the burger did not complain.
My wife had the strawberry cream cheese french toast she said it was good but did not eat fresh looking strawberries she said they tasted too sweet maybe they are marinated ?
along with two eggs over medium cooked correctly with nice golden brown hash browns and bacon ...
Disappointed by yet another restaurant unable to provide medium rare burger very simple task ... other wise the service was very good the manager very friendly and the place was approx.
85% capacity.

Not impressed - I ordered two meals to go and did not get the large coke I ordered, I asked the cashier where it was and she sent a guy back to get it.
He returned with a cup and no straw and had to be sent back again?
He returned and attempted to hand me a tiny little cup?
I said that doesn't look like a large.
He said "well, I'm new, it's all I could find soooooo....???
" To which I replied "well I paid for a large coke and that is not a large sooo...???
" So then he found a manager who was able to locate cups (?
) and she gave me my coke.
There was no butter in the bags, and I ordered 3 stacks of pancakes in both meals and got 2 pancakes each.
I'm annoyed that they didn't get my order right, they I had to be kept waiting while they figured out where the cups were (are they hidden somewhere in a magical IHOP cupboard...?
) and that they gave me whatever cup was lying around, because it's all that the new guy could find, and that's ok?
I'm sorry if you are new, but ask someone if you don't know, rather than just giving customers whatever you can find!!

Went here for a late night breakfast when a pancake craving hit.
Was decent.
I stuck with the original pancake syrup.
They have flavored options such as strawberry, blueberry and butter pecan, but they tasted like medicine to me.
I was allowed to order from the kids menu, so that was a plus as i was not feeling like having a huge stack of pancakes.
Waitress was friendly and attentive, kept the water and coffee coming.
Interior was clean and quiet.

Good weekday spot because it isn't crowded with younger folks looking for that late morning breakfast.
Food here is average as far as IHOPs go and frankly I'm looking for another location to be my go-to spot.
Scrambled eggs often browned on the bottom.
Pancakes undercooked.
Service is polite & attentive on my visits though, and the parking is generous.

Went here on Memorial Day.
The place was jumping so I expected I might getmy order wrong.
What I didn't expect was a cold waffle, under cooked runny eggs and dried out sausage.
I eat at IHOP frequently and I was shocked.
I did complain abou the eggs and I had a deduction off of my bill so kudos for the good service.
Terrible day though for my food.
I don't understand, the waiter came back quickly with my order yet everything was cold and dry except the undercooked eggs.
It was a different waiter who took my order who brought the food.
The first waiter only came back to bring the check.
Won't be back here since I had a better breakfast at the Good Egg near by.
I believe I will stick with the Good Egg.

I cant believe this place only has 2.5 stars.
My girlfriend come here at least once a week.
We usually come here about 9PM or after and have always had the best service.
Ali is usually our waitress and knows what we love.
The food is wonderful and nothing beats a stack of fresh pancakes.
Ihop is the best at that.
Last night we actually ate light and for once I didnt get pancakes..
I know crazy!
But I did feel good after and not full like usual.
haha.
Thanks for the great service!

Are you uncomely?
A frightful excuse for a human?
I am.
And that's precisely why I come here to eat.
Much akin to how the human body is unable to discern hunger from sleep deprivation, so goes it with the waitresses at IHOP, routinely confusing my beastly cast with old age.
"Will you be ordering off of our Club 55 menu today?
" her inflection almost shrapnel-like and every bit as piercing.
"Why yes...yes I will be thank you very much.
"                   I can get a three-egg omelette with two fillings and two pancakes for $5.79.
A glass of water and a twenty percent tip and I'm out the door for under seven bucks, and all without a visit from the manager.
Cool, eh?
Anyways, if you're a hi-miler like me, or, you're just plain homely, give IHOP a try.
It also helps if you're devoid of any normal levels of shame and guilt.
Black stretch socks, flip-flops, an oversized Ed Hardy shirt and New Balance Cross Trainer's also play a vital role.
Cross Trainer's...yeah, right.

This location is family owned.
Friendly service.
Yummy food.
I love that they have hazelnut coffee creamer for my coffee and serve Pepsi too.
It's kid-friendly place because my toddler can wander a little bit & the staff is okay with talking with him as I return him to our table.
We are semi-regulars here.
I only return to places with good service & good food.

It's an IHOP, so can't be too critical nor complimentary.
Granted I walked in around 10PM and the crowd was thin (3 tables)?
There were only two waitresses working and they were both very busy but they still did a decent job responding to orders and requests.
The food, however, seems like a grease-fest.
I ordered the steak and it wasn't cooked decently at all, just cooked.
Then again, we don't go to IHOP for a culinary journey, it filled the gut and that was it.
The food, I'd give it a 2 star, the staff a 3.5 or so.

The wait staff is young, and mine was very friendly.
Although I was a solo and eating the 55+ breakfast, she was very attentive, friendly, and helpful.
The service was good the food was only so so.
The pancakes are tasty, the bacon very greasy.
But Hey, for 6.50 (or whatever it was), what do you expect???
I would not go back, but if you like pancakes, you can get inexpensive pancakes here.
(ate here October 29, 2013)

So Ihop is a run-of-the-mill pancake house, but it's still a nice cheap place to have a sit down meal.
I think their menu has improved, more selections at least.
The hot chocolate is pretty darn divine for such a place.
And this location is as good as an Ihop gets.
I've been multiple times but the last time was great because our waiter was so friendly.
He was a big guy with a dry sense of humor that made us chuckle.
Admittedly he had a tough time because some school dance had taken place that night, and he was 1 of only 2 waiters working the unexpected crowd.
But, he still tried to apologize and did his best.
We appreciated the effort and I got to satisfy my craving for crepes.
No matter what one might think, Ihop has the best crepes near me.
The swedish lingonberry ones are soooo gooood, I always order them.

