during a las vegas/henderson fro yo outing, happened to try this while visiting a near by Thai BBQ.
It's ok, but i do like Red Mango Better, though can't compare it to PinkBerry because i never had it.
Their yogirt is pricier, along the same lines as pinkberry, sooo, i dont know what thats about.
Though Red mango only has two flavors, it still has a more tang to it, IMO.
but its a nice treat to get if youre in the area, because as far as i know, there are no fro yo stores nearby..and it can get VERY hot in vegas.
otherwise, red mango would be affordable and better, or U-Swirl, and yogurt land which is coming soon.

My friend Sheana introduced me to this chain of frozen yogurt, as she took me to one off of Rainbow Road.
I was impressed with that place than this, as the worker was stingy with the frozen yogurt.
I liked how they had different flavors though like blackberry, pomegranate, and green tea.
This used to be my fave frozen yogurt, but ever since Red Mango came in...I never switched back...  *Make sure you try the all you can eat at SushiMon around the corner!

Finally, another yogurt review from me !
I was not planning to write anymore review about yogurt, but it's just so hard to give up yogurt!!!
Anyways, I was in Vegas over the weekend, and went to Sushi Mon (one of the popular local sushi restaurant) with couple UNLV friends.
While we're waiting (over 45 mins wait), i noticed "Cefiore" sign next door... and decided to go in and give it another try.
It was really empty during Friday night with temperature over 95F.
The service was great since we were the only group there, and the acai berry was as good as the one in Hollywood and J-town.
Same consistency  of good yogurt!
I wish more local will come down here to enjoy some great yogurt.
I love CeFiore!

Cute decor and always empty.
It's sad to see a place that's so cool looking so... desolate.
But the problem lies in the product.
The stuff is too icy when you compare it to other tart yogurts out there.
It's not as creamy as other stuff and I don't think the flavor is as strong.
Let's just say this is a very light tasting tart yogurt.
Light and healthy.

Didn't last very long.
Drove past it today and the sign was gone and it appeared to be shut.
Yet another victim of the economy, not to mention they were too pricy and not very good product, sadly.

