As far as markets go, this particular Albertson's is pretty posh.
Brand spankin' new goodness abounds.
Produce was fresh, and the meat department had some nice thick cuts of filet mignon available.
The lines weren't too bad so I was able to get in and out with everything I needed to cook up a mean meal for a lil family get-together.
Nice!

This Albertson's had two great new products that I was happy to eat, a red banana from Ecuador and also a package of Sabra hummus with Pretzel Flats included.
Thanks Albertson's!!!!
Very clean bathroom with diaper changing station included....very nice....you can go here before you walk to Red Rock about 7 miles away

This is one of the nicest Albertsons I have ever visited.
On a trip back from Red Rock Canyon, w stopped here for some food for dinner and breakfast the next day.
I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality and selection in this store.
This location is quite spacious and well laid out.
The folks working there were all friendly and helpful.
Will I be back?
The next time I go to Red Rock I will.

We used to frequent the Albertsons on Town Center and Charleston, but this one is our favorite one now.
The shopping center is very nice and very close to Redrock.
It brings a feeling of not being in Las Vegas since you're west of the 215 beltway.
This new store is different from the many others I've been to.
it is new and has a better layout with what seems like a better selection of produce.
The store feels very clean, the staff are friendly and even though the layout is different from other stores, things are very organized and easy to find still.
The signs are accurate and I like the fact that the isles do not span the length of the store; rather they have an isle that runs through the middle of the width of the store as well and it is more convenient to navigate.

I shop at a different Albertsons generally, but I do stop here often for the Starbuck's outlet.
This is also my Sunday  distance spot for riding my bike, and I stop for my Starbucks and to buy the LA TImes.
I enjoy the coffee on the large patio area, and then I ride home with the Times hanging from the handle bars.
It wouldn't be Sunday without this stop!

This Albertsons has a better beer selection than any other in Vegas I've visited.
The beer section is split up into two parts and the small beer section has more unique microbrews.
All cold, which is one of my complaints about Total Wine.
Most of the beer is warm at Total Wine.
The layout of this store is a little squirrely, making things hard to find.
But definitely a good place to go for unique, cold beer.

The worst thing that I could write about this Albertson's, is that there is no Albertson's like it in my neighborhood.
This store is gorgeous.
And I enjoyed my time here.
Shopping in a supermarket that feels more like shopping in a botique, in my opinion, merits the higher prices.
For crying out loud, the overhead lighting at frozen foods looks like something in the Bellagio.
The east vestibule looks grand with the sound of a waterfall at a tiny water fountain.
Being the coffee fan that I am, I appreciated seeing Starbuck's.
And this one has sufficient tables.
If this Albertson's was in my neighborhood, I could see myself spending higher prices to shop in a gorgeous supermarket.

This is probably one of the largest Albertsons I've been in.
It's also nicely arranged so its really nice and clean.
Great stop right before getting to Red Rock heading from the strip to pick up anything last minute before hiking.

dirty.
overpriced.
employees who seem to really hate working there.
only went here because of the dunkin donuts across the street...and sorry i did...as i shoulda went to the Vons down the street, where i usually shop.

It's a nice store, very clean, but over priced.

This store is only good if you need like one or 2 items.
It is very overpriced and the staff here are very rude.
They also have a problem with MANY expired items especially in the meat department and Dairy department.
Make sure to check the dates.
The staff are never happy here.
So they are always rude and ready to pick a fight over any little thing.

This store has undergone many changes recently and is by far my first choice for shopping.
The selection of liquor, wine and beer is extensive as well as great prices.
The wide variety of items makes it a one stop shopping venue.
The produce, meat &  seafood department is well organized, fresh and appealing with knowledgeable staff.
Checkouts are staffed properly and the management extremely accommodating.
I will admit shopping here in 2009 was not a good experience, but is now the only place I shop.
Oh and best chicken wing bar in town!!!!
ALWAYS fresh!

This applies to all the albersons: I honestly don't get why people shop here.
Its not terrible but, the prices... Don't get me wrong I've been known to get expensive groceries at times but, not when I could get the exact same items for way less.
Its like Vons with Whole Foods Prices.

One of the nicest grocery stores I have ever been to.
Only complaint are those prices...

This is our neighborhood grocery store.
So when we need something, it is there.
It is a bit pricey, so it is beneficial to do your online ad homework before going.
They do have great sales, and the staff is nice for the most part.
When they do have specials, it is on some pretty great things.
For example, I was able to stock up on brand name cereal for our family for less than Walmart prices a few weeks ago.
Just do your research, and you can make it worth your time and money.

Great now that another company bought them, lower prices and no card needed to get the sales prices.
A very clean and nice store, friendly staff.

This is a very clean store.
Everything on the shelves are always organized.
Everything is easy to find because I noticed that they do not move their product around too often.
The meat counters look nice and clean.
The fruit and vegetable areas are also clean and well managed.

I have to admit I wasn't always a fan of Albertsons.
I always considered their pricing high and I am not a fan of club cards.
But this store is walking distance from my house so over the last couple years I have found myself in there for one or two items every week or two because it's convenient but I have never done enough shopping to even need a cart.
In the last few months they have dropped their club card and I have noticed their pricing has gotten better.
I have been paying attention to their weekly ads and when they run their buy 1 get 2 free for their frozen fish and fresh meat the prices really can't be beat.
I am also a huge fan of the fresh sushi.
If you, like me, were also a fan of the fresh sushi that they used to have at the Summerlin Costo it's the same company.
The ladies in charge are so nice, always handing out samples and they are even open to special request.
Management also appears to listen to their customers because a couple months back if you went early in the morning the self check out was not open but there would only be one cashier working.
Now that self check out is open early you are not stuck in a line waiting on one cashier which is great because at 7 a.m.
I know I am trying to get to work and don't have time to waste.
As far as customer service goes I've never had a bad experience from the deli to the meat department.
Joel, one of the managers, even tried to assist me when I was having car trouble one day.

