There's something about Made In Thailand Sweatshop Polo Shirts within 5 feet of produce that's just wrong.
The place is a crazy maze of endless cheap crap and more cheap crap and surprisingly "hey I could use that maybe I should buy ...no!
" its cheap crap.
A portrait studio next to the nail salon inside the store was the real topper for me.
Get prettified then go have it taken in portrait sized.

I needed some everyday things so I decided to stop here to buy everything i needed in one stop.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
THIS WALMART IS CLEAN AND ORGANIZED  Everything, even in the much abused toy department, was neat and orderly   The selection of foods and other household items was very good indeed.
But most striking was how clean it was.

I know, I know, who writes reviews of Wal-Mart (regularly known as Wally World)?
Well, I stay in the La Quinta hotel next door every other night with my job.
Somehow I'd lost one of my work gloves, so I went in search of replacements.
I also had forgotten my one into three ciggy plug thingie that I plug my cell phone, satellite radio, and emergency headset charger into on the road.
"Wally" had a one into two plug, which worked perfectly, and the friendly staff (extremely friendly!
) helped me find both the plug and the gloves I was looking for.
It was about 7am when I was in there so no huge crowds to contend with.
I ended up talking to one gentleman for about five minutes about trucking (which is what I do and why I needed work gloves).
Every single employee I encountered was friendly or at least pleasant (which I'm sure changes the later in the day and the larger the crowds become).
All in all, I'll be back (as long as I can get in early - ha) for any other emergency needs.

This Walmart or like my friends and I refer to as scaremart is just that.
There are always homeless people lurking around and begging for money.
I've been approached several times.
The inside of the store isn't any better.
It is rarely well stocked and not very clean.
I only go here because of prices and convenience.
I avoid going here at night and alone because of crime.

I give this Walmart 5 stars for quality goods at fair prices and a whole lotta crazy people to look at..
I'm pretty sure this is where they get 90% of the "people of Walmart" photos.. And I love it!

This walmart sucks!!!
Very ghetto.
Dirty; dirty people & dirty store.
Staff is sooo rude.
They messed up when we tried to return a $60 air matress without a reciept.
Then when we came to return it with the reciept they said that we had already exchange it & they wouldn't accept it.
So now we have a $60 pointless air matress.

Poorly stocked and ghetto.
There isn't really much to say other than watch your back.
They are always poorly stocked and the store is a mess, then you need an employee for assistance just forget it.
Drive the extra 10 minutes for a better Walmart.
The only reason I shop here is because I get lazy and don't want to drive further.

Typical walmart not in the greatest area.
Inside is not to bad people outside not so good though.

Ehhh I like the fact that its by the air force base and a Del Taco is in the parking lot but thats where it ends.
At 2 am they have 1 cashier ONLY 1.
While most others have 2 or 3 and arent afraid to call more.
And the employees arent that bad.
BUT the clientele who frequent this one are lacking in the way they dress and how they act.
Plus the manager at the Mc Donalds acts like your not there.
Hence the Del Taco in the parking lot with better food anyway.

Everyone i know refers to this walmart as "stab-mart".
Be careful when you go here, this isn't the safest walmart in town.
Its right outside base so you would think its a good place, but eh... most especially don't go here alone.
I've been here alone a few times, but in broad daylight... didn't have any "violent" experiences.
There are beggars in the parking lot, someone always trying to get something out of you.
When I go, I park as close to the door as possible, and if i see anyone just "chillin" outside, I just drive away and park somewhere else, or just leave.
better safe than sorry.
The first few times my husband and I came here, we didn't know it was a bad part of town, but every single time we were there, someone always followed us around the parking lot asking us for money.
come on people... get a job!

Stab-Mart for sure.
I wouldn't come here at night, and I wouldn't drive a nice car here either.
Bums will approach you in the parking lot (reminds me a LOT of the Lancaster,CA location)   I cam in here on a whim, it was over picked and full of the most interesting looking creeps ever.
Return factor: Probably not.

no comment please find another type of place to go other than this walmart.
They are very rude and slow it is alway messy.
I have acutally written a letter to Wal-mart  about this but they are careless.
Save your self the sorrow and go somewhere else.

I had called to ask if they had a t.v.
In stock.
They put me on hold for 20 Minutes.
My call dropped so I decided to call back and they clicked on me.
I decided to call back one more time and they answered with a attitude.
They put me on hold and put the phone down.
While I heard everything going on.
They finally asked what I needed one more time.
didn't even finish my  question & their response "no we don't have one" & clicked.
Very rude!

Ehhh...
It's Wal-Mart.
There isn't a whole lot to say.
This particular branch usually only has one cashier available for the busiest times of the day.
Don't go unless you want to: - stand in line for 45-60 minutes - watch horrible parents yell at their children - watch horrible children run through the aisles with no supervision - wait for that person in front of you to stop hogging the damn aisle with their cart.
- get hit on by the creepiest men ever.
(who always seem to have 5 kids with them)  A couple of good things -  - $5 movie bin!
- Super cheap booze.
Don't know why, but it's cheaper here than anywhere in North Vegas.

So y'all know I already hate Walmart NOW my Aunty scheduled these family photos with them and these people closed down with NO NOTICE not a phone call or anything BUT they went ahead and collected the money for our photos in advance to say I am PISSED does not begin to cover it!!!

1 word Ghetto

The most ghetto Walmart I have ever been to!
I've seen ghetto in Oakland, but this walmart is even worst than the walmart in the middle of Oakland!
I make sure I leave my wallet, purse, and jewelry at home before coming here.
Usually I'll just have my ID and credit card.
Please avoid!
and if you must go be smart and stay safe.
There's a reason that airman are constantly and repeated told to stay away from this Walmart when they move to Nellis AFB!

The only reason I put up with this hot mess of a store is because it's literally right across the street from the base and it's convenient.
Every time I go here it's a mess!!
The only Walmart I've been too that holds your DL in order to use a scooter.
The only Walmart that makes you swipe your debit card for 3 different transactions for gift card purchases (I still don't understand that one) I only go here when I'm in a pinch and would rater drive across town than put up with this location.

Only visit this Walmart if I need something for an emergency.
I am always asked for money even before I park my car.
The customers inside leave it a mess and are very rude.
The parking lot is full of trash and carts are everywhere.
Seriously do not like this Walmart at all!

Why didn't I go to Kmart?
Filthy bathroom, already been hit up for money.
Total lack of customer service.
In fact I like to call their customer service department, Lack of Customer Service.
The works always looked over worked and annoyed to have to answer a question or help.
I mean the nerve of me!

This Walmart is the worse Walmart I have gone to & I've been at different locations throughout the city.
I tried to return my bfs cable cord & Jamie asked why I didn't want it & I said it doesn't work with our game box.
I honestly didn't know what to say because it wasnt mine in the first place then an old white man decided to jump in my convo & tell her that it works.
Who asked you in the first place?
My bf  Mentioned a cable man giving us a cord to go with our Internet so why can't we return our extra item?
I don't know why he was in my business anyway...
He didn't pay for it.
Asshole.
So, Jamie proceeds to check my item THOROUGHLY.. Says that I have to grab another one all the way in electronics which was at the back of the store.
Really?!
You can't call one of your other employees?
What kind of customer service is this?
I'm pretty sure if the asshole who jumped in my convo didn't say anything she wouldn't have made me walk all the way across the store when I had my receipt and everything attached anyway.
Plus, I asked the manager of CS.. some black woman where it was and she said Electronics..
Didn't bother to point or direct where it was...
I don't know what kind of customer service Walmart gives...
But then again... Look at the other reviews on this location.

I actually fear for my life when I go here at night.
It's creepy.
It is worth it to take the trip down Craig to the other Walmart.

WORST customer service experience!
I recently had an order pick up at this location, and what I assumed to take a short amount of time, just to pick up an order I placed online, turned into one of my worst experiences with customer service.
I was hoping to go in and out with no time, but instead I waited in (no line AT ALL) for 45 minutes AT LEAST!
the signs say to press the screen for help, as so I did maybe about 10 times and waited for someone to show up but no one did.
this lasted about 30 minutes as i was trying to be as patient and understanding as possible.
during this time several employees are passing me by, seeing that im waiting and not even concerned if ive been helped out.
ALSO, my fiancé decides to go adjacent to the pick up section and to the electronics section to ask for assistance and she said she will be with us shortly.
well, shortly turned into a half an hour, so I went back to her and asked if we could get help.
same response.
as I walk back, the assistant manager comes out looking down on his personal cell phone and asked if we've been helped.
we of course tell him we haven't so he decides to help us, while STILL taking care of personal business on his cell phone, with a very unpleasant attitude and no apology whatsoever.
during this, the female finally steps in and trying to cover her ass, she says in front of the assistant manager "I came back here and you guys weren't here.
" that blew my lid off because we stood there for about 45 minutes to ourselves and no one offered help.
and her unprofessional reply was "not even!
I was here and didn't see you so I helped someone with a game.
" we exclaimed that we saw her and she did NOT offer us help and we described EXACTLY who she was helping because we were there watching her to see if she would help us next, and nothing.
there was no hiding from that response because she knew she was in the wrong, but tried to cover herself in front of her assistant manager, who honestly didn't care too much about his job anyways.
it does NOT make sense to me when people deal with the general public, but they look like they hate their jobs and whoever theyre dealing with, and ive found that this location has numerous employees like this and I would never recommend this location to anyone.

The only reason I give the store one star is so people don't think I forgot to rate it is not worth one star.
Walking through the store it smelled like rotten meat was filthy there's crap on the floor in most every aisle.
One of the meat refrigerators was leaking from rotten chicken my girlfriend slipped on the floor and hurt herself.
I would stay away from this piece of crap store is the worst store ive ever been in my life.
Ghetto is to kind of a word for this store it was terrible I will not be back.

