After a five-night spree of dining out in Madison for birthdays and out-of-town visitors, a spree that included such well known fixtures as New Seoul, The Great Dane, and Restaurant Magnus the overwhelming week's victor was one of Madison's newest, The Cubano Room.
Walking into the Cubano, the place just explodes in confidence and style.
Saturated crimsons color the walls, high key lighting adds accents around the room.
The large room manages to feel sophisticated while calm, a feat that is easier said than done.
While our wait staff, far contrary to our bartender, could have been a bit more knowledgeable and opinionated on her descriptions and preferences than the "everything is really good" response, the truth was that everything was really good.
With the trademark Chimichurri Sauce, a sweet but punchy mix of lemon, vinegar, and spices, here a bit sweeter than usual, it melds perfectly and lets the dishes truly take off.
A perfectly cooked and seasoned hamburger made with the finest angus beef is as tasty as they come.
A rich salad executed with precision and balance.
Finally, a more classical Cuban-pressed sandwich with melted goat cheese, a sweet variety of peppers, steak strips and of course beans and rice.
The dishes designed with a respectful level handedness for all components create no element too strong, no factor less important, and all the better from their fantastic Chimichurri sauce.
The dishes sing without coming across as swanky blasting out aggressive flavors and a hefty tab, rather gently coming together in a sum-of-all-parts manner.
This allows the Cubano's food to initially appear simple but taste refined; the amazing duality thus being such refinement actually makes it chic without the pomp.
Side bar.
Visit the bar.
With a truly impressive list of drafts and bottles which will have you stop in again just for a nightcap.

My friend and I had a lunch.
This is the downstairs of Samba Brazilian Grill building, which looks fancy from the outside, but it's actually very casual.
The great thing is that Cabana room is equipped with a nice full bar, and they make pretty good Bloody Mary.
On my friend's recommendation, I ordered Feijoada - Brazilian black bean soup with few different kinds of meat (sausage, shredded beef/pork etc).
It came with a plate of rice, and I guess you can eat the soup with the rice, but frankly, I wasn't crazy about the soup with or without the rice - just didn't care.
Maybe the blandness is the authentic style, but I kept pouring hot sauce and salt just to get any flavor I can out of the soup.
Bloody mary, on the other hand, was great.
If I didn't have to work in the afternoon, I would have gone for the second.

More casual than Samba upstair, the Cabana room still offers a nice selection of sandwiches, soups, salads and wraps all at a much more moderate price.
The mojito is, in my opinion, the best in town.
Service is good, although the waitstaff seems a little harried.
A couple of times we needed to flag our server down for more drinks, but no biggie.
The curried squash soup was very good, and was served with a couple of the little cheesy-bread things that accompany meals in Samba.
I have no idea what they are, they're just good.
My house salad was a little light on the mango vinaigrette, but since I'd had plenty of calories from mojitos, perhaps they were doing me a favor.
Next time, I'd get more dressing on the side.

The Cabana Room is exactly what I look for in a casual dinner place.
The entrees are very reasonably priced at $5-9, and in addition to several good vegetarian options they allow you to replace any of the specialty burgers with veggie burgers.
I had the vegetarian burger with roasted peppers and goat cheese, a GREAT combination.

Our night started out with wrong drink orders, a server who couldn't tell the difference between clams and mussels, and, er, did not know the menu well at all.
This not only makes me sad, but makes me think the managers don't have a rope on their waitstaff.
Telling us, "the specials are lamb and snapper.
If you are interested in them, let me know..otherwise I will just be reciting the speech.
"  Um, are you for reals?
I know this isn't necessarily an upscale place, but that's not something you say to your table.
Anyways, I did enjoy my cabana burger with avo, bacon, and blue cheese (asked for med rare..and actually cooked to medium rare..whoopee!).
The chimichurri sauce was pretty wonderful, too.
However, my yummy food was pretty much canceled out when my dining companion's seafood stew came out with two dead mussels.
Shouldn't the kitchen be catching that?
When asked to get two edible mussels, the server (a different one..we couldn't catch ours), didn't really know what to do.
Eventually after 5 minutes a whole new dish of seafood stew came out - while everyone else at our table was already done at this point.
Um, okay.
Huh.
Nothing was taken off our bill.
Not that I necessarily thought it should have, but maybe comp us a drink?
Or not, whatever...  Good burger, shoddy service at best.
Huge beer menu.
I would stick to the bar portion of Cabana Room.
I  certainly think this place would be much better if the service was ramped up!
Maybe we just got the dud...

I was not very impressed at this place.
Went with 4 other gfs for dinner and drinks... Everything took FOREVER.
Sat at the bar first, while we waited... not busy really at all and 2 drinks took about 10 minutes.
Once we were seated, it took about another 10 minutes to be greeted.
And the restaurant was not busy at all, and I think our server maybe had one other table.
She did not seem like she wanted to be there, was short with us and seemed burdened when we wanted another round of drinks and requested to start with apps.
The food didn't make up for the service either, unfortunately.
My salad had an olive dressing of sorts and that is all I could taste, was olives.
Not the cheese, which should have been the highlight.
I won't go back.

This dining experience was a mix of both enjoyment and disappointment.
Definitely not the fabulous experience of it's sister restaurant upstairs, Samba.
Not that that was expected--especially considering that the bill was about HALF what we spent at brunch upstairs...even WITH drinks at the Cabana Room!
"Woo" for:  1) Super yummy mojitos(that rival Jolly Bob's--gasp) 2) Nice bar with an impressive array of tap beers--and decent sampler prices 3) A nice outdoor alcove of seating(even if it was too chilly to take advantage of  "Boo" for:  1) Small number of indoor tables 2) A waiter that didn't even bother to tell us the specials(I so would have gone for the lamb stew...which I saw on the board on the way OUT)  Our food came quickly, which was nice since I was super hungry.
I was torn between the  chile rellenos, and the Lamb and Goat cheese sandwich(I went with the chiles).
My man had the Cabana burger, which was super sloppy and oozing blue cheese and onions, but was also topped with bacon and avocado.
A bit much to me, but he seemed to like it.
My pepper was okay, but not memorable.
The only description I have is "meh".
I'll  try this place again, probably to enjoy the outdoor seating...but I'd rather save my pennies and dine upstairs.

I like it.
Great drink specials.
Some of the food is hit or miss.
Burgers there are awesome.
As are the nachos.
I had the prime rib one night, and was pretty disappointed.
I've found the waitstaff nice and friendly overall, no problems there.
I recommend it overall, nice place to go.

I hear the drinks are good so that might result in it getting more stars from me but as far as the food goes - meh.
I made the mistake of getting the curry which I was leary about because most places that do a wide variety of cuisines tend to overextend their menu(i.e.
a place that does mexican, american, chinese, indian, etc.
) That'd just be weird.
Well, I tried the curry and the problem was there is a lot of better, authentic curries at the nearby Indian restaurants so why pay the same price for something from the Cabana Room?
The service was dreadful and we waited a long time to get our bill despite us being about the only customers there.
I don't know, just didn't sit well with me.

Service was great, food arrived hot and quickly.
The flavors were amazing.
We had the chicken mole, the jerk tacos and a brazillian stew.
I'll definitely be back here again.

First time seeing non-alcohol mojito on the menu- very convenient-  Had the soup, salmon+ mashed potato for dinner- Good food  My friend had the avocado burger- looks amazing and he cleaned the plate-

WORST.
DINING EXPERIENCE.
OF MY LIFE.
I registered for a Yelp account now, just to post the most negative review I could manage to write.
The service was aggressively terrible - not intentionally rude, but negligent/incompetent to the point of rudeness.
To illustrate, I include a timeline of our dinner:   6:15 - party of 2 seated; table too tall for my short girlfriend; promise made to move us to recently vacated table once it was cleared.
6:30 - water poured; drink order attempted, but since we had no drink menu, unsuccessful.
6:40 - new table cleared; moved.
6:50 - drink order taken, along with food, though only because we flagged down our waiter as he walked by.
7:15 - drinks arrive.
Observe table seated after us receiving food.
Gnawing hunger begins.
7:40 - ask if food will be up soon; told the "kitchen is really backed up.
" At no point until now had water been refilled, or had we been given any indication that we were still in our server's plans.
7:59 (exact time significant, since we'd resolved at 7:30 to ask for the manager if 8:00 arrived without our food) - food arrives.
Mostly mediocre.
Fried bananas were actually very good, crab dip was pretty good, and mashed potatoes were fine, but fish tacos were badly overspiced, and the chicken had less flavor than I make myself when I'm in a rush.
Collard greens tasted literally like grass, though edible with enough salt applied - seriously, no butter or garlic?
How complicated is it to sautée collard greens?
8:30 - water glasses refilled, at our request.
Dessert order taken.
8:50 - dessert arrives, with check, as we're waiting at the bar to register our displeasure.
Once home, cheesecake mostly flavorless.
What little flavor it does possess comparable to licking the inside of a Snickers wrapper.
The best feature of the dinner, I have to say, was the sense of community fostered by the horrifically, preposterously, legendarily awful service.
It's what I imagine the intent of hazing in a fraternity house to be - give a disparate group of people a common trauma to bring them together.
We made friends with the patrons around us over the superlatively deplorable experience.
Now, I call it "legendarily awful" with intent - tales of the 3-hour Dinner of Tears will be told throughout the generations in my family.
I will make sure of it.
I will also make sure that neither I, nor anyone I care for, ever has the misfortune to set foot in Samba, for any reason, ever.
[For clarification: we intended to eat at Samba, but ended up at the Cabana Room downstairs.
In either case, my rage remains.

We came here with a groupon.
I've been to the upstairs a few times and was always satisfied with that.
I hate to say that our first experience with the downstairs was not so good.
Overall, I'd say the food was decent, but the service was horrible.
It was not even busy and our server took a really long time to take our order and when we tried to call her over to request a change to the order she looked right at us and walked on by.
We ended up asking someone else to put the order in for us.
When the food came we then had to ask for silverware.
Generally, we will overtip when using a groupon, but we were not inclined this time.

Contrary to other reviews on this site, our waitress (Marie) was way cool, smart and funny.
It was her first night and she had it under control.
The food was all really high fat.
Heavy cheese sauces that are not far from Velveeta on the food chain.
The spices didn't have enough kick for me.
Boring food that was not worth the clogged arteries.

We at here last summer and were rather concerned at how empty the place was.
We should have taken heed and gone elsewhere.
The wait staff largely ignored us and it took forever to get our food.
When it did arrive it was a very small portion and was dry and unappealing.
I had lamb sliders and there was certainly nothing slider about them except the size.
The meat was dry and tough on a hard roll.
We had ordered a side of the little tapioca rolls for an appetizer as we have had them before and loved them.
This time they finally came with the meal after we asked about them a couple of times and were doughy.
I really think they are using the leftovers from the Samba Brazilian grill upstairs for the meat and serving the people upstairs first as far as the rolls go.
We were also dissapointed in the patio.
It looked run down and shoddy.
We will not go back!

Really delicious.
My wife and I were here on a nice Groupon deal, but we'd have happily paid full price.
The angus beef sliders were juicy and delicious.
Be sure to put the slaw on the sliders.
Only problem was that the slaw got the bottom of one of the buns soggy.
I got the feijoada, which was rich and delicious,  though Americanized (no pork ears, feet, or tongue).
My wife got the parmesan crusted pork rodizio skewers, which were almost as good, though a touch dry.
As good as all that meat was (and it was good), I may have liked the sautéed collard greens the best.
I don't know what they cooked them in, but they were amazing.
Lots of other reviewers have noted poor service.
I have to admit, it wasn't stellar.
I don't think the staff was bad; they were just overwhelmed with a pretty full restaurant at 5pm on a Wednesday.
The owners need to hire more servers.

