No reviews for the Up North?
I guess it kind of is the red-headed step child of the three bars on Wilson Ave.
But I think this was my favorite of the three!
It has a nice outside patio to sit at, a good beer selection, and TVs all around to catch whatever game you fancy.
It's just a cozy neighborhood joint, but I had a lot of fun here.

An awesome bar on all accounts.
It really does feel like you're drinking in a wood-paneled tavern in Northern Wisco!
Nonetheless, it's a hip place with lot's of cool people and great beers.
The day we were there a guy was cooking up 40lbs of free ribs!!
I wasn't expecting much, but they were some of the best ribs i've ever had...they were a weird fusion onf jamaican/Indian/Brazilian.
Overall a great place to a have a couple of brews and eat some peanuts.
Oh yeah, the back deck was an excellent spot!

I. love.
the.
Up.
North.
When I lived on Willy street the Up North became my bar.
I was never a regular at a bar until I was within walking distance of the Up North.
The people that work there are really nice.
The atmosphere is always calm and cozy.
Very very rarely do a few drunk frat boys dribble in there if the Essen Haus is too busy.
People seem to overlook it and thats a part of why I love it.
The regulars that go there are also really fun.
When I want to hang out with a friend and have a good conversation I go to the Up North.
Its always really chill in there.
There's a pinball machine if you need it.
There's always drinks specials.
And popcorn.
Basically I have no complaints about the Up North.
Its a great bar.

The up north is great!
it's cheap and they usually have Yukon jack.
one time I got sick from eating the free peanuts so they only get 4 yelp stars.

A friend was staying at the Ruby Marie when I was visiting Madison, so several happy hours were spent at Up North.
What's not to like about reasonably priced drinks outdoors, accompanied by free salty fake-butter flavored popcorn and free salty peanuts?
Plus, Up North offered some of the best dirty hippy watching I found in Madison.
Fascinating stuff.
Sort of as if Pig Pen (in Peanuts, you know) grew up, got high, dropped out, got dreadlocks, and OD'ed at a Dead concert and forgot his way home a few decades ago.
Where else can you go and overhear an exegesis about the times one soiled oneself while under the influence of drugs from one wearing an Occupy banner who just graduated college and is taking the summer off to follow Lollapalooza?
Truly a champion of the 99% and an indelible impression of Madison, together with the countless recall Walker posters that the sore losers won't take down.

9/26/13 My wife and I stopped in at the Up North Bar.
The place is a bit dusty and gritty.
The service is sometimes slow.
That said every Thursday night from 9pm to 12am you'll catch local legend Catfish Stephenson playing his steel guitar.
For that reason alone I must give them 4 stars.
They offer some cheap drinks too!
I was downing 7 & 7's (Seagram's Seven & 7 Up) @ $2.50 a pop.
Enjoy free popcorn and peanuts.
Play darts and/or watch a game on one of their TV's.

Hopalicious.
The Up North is a Madison institution, a wonderfully unpretentious, homey, solidly good neighborhood bar.
Stocked with a selection of local beers on tap, free peanuts and popcorn, they also have darts and a number of large screens covering sporting events.
The floor is covered with peanut shells, which is a Wisconsin-Illinois thing, so be warned.

Came in last night with a couple friends, some of us may have been a little obnoxious but the bartender was very friendly!
He even offered to bring out my pizza to the patio when we walked outside.
I didn't catch his name but he was also very attentive.
I have never been here before so it was a fantastic first experience!
I also like the décor of the place :).

Nice patio, yummy late night pizzas, and nice bartenders

