Don't make the same mistake...  Having eaten at the Rio in the past, I knew it was a mistake when I allowed the others in my party to talk me into eating there prior to going to Penn and Teller, but hoping for the best, I went along with the crowd.
I should have gone with my first instinct...
When both of my in-laws don't have anything good to say about a restaurant, you know it is bad - really bad.
Since I wasn't in the mood for seafood, I went with a chicken Caesar.
The chicken was obviously pre-cooked and basically flavorless.
I'm not sure what the dressing was supposed to be - it certainly wasn't Caesar.
As far as I can tell, it was mayonnaise with a bit of lemon added.
The two guests who had the short ribs hardly ate any of their dinners, describing them as having been stewed in their own fat for hours.
The only guest who enjoyed her entrée had salmon.
(Which looked overcooked to me, but I didn't eat any.
)  For sides we had carrots and risotto.
The carrots were very good and the risotto was a gelatinous mass.
Perhaps had we all had seafood we would all have been happier, but I am doubtful.
There have to be better choices in Vegas for seafood than this.
Staff was friendly and helpful.

This place used to be great years ago but now is only so so.
First off this is a seafood restaurant so why is half the menu filled with non-seafood items?
Second, a good seafood restaurant should have a menu that's printed daily so they can list whatever fish is fresh.
On to the food.
I had the bouillabaisse which wasn't bad.
However I was hoping for the cioppino which is no longer on the menu (was fantastic).
Overall the food was ok but there is definitely better seafood available in Vegas.

Rio used to be a hip place until Harrah's bought it out.
I hadn't eaten here in a while and wasn't sure if it would still taste as good as before.
With a buy 1 entree get 1 free coupon, I thought I would take a chance.
I was not disappointed.
The appetizer Crab Cakes were light but flavorful.
The Grilled Beef Tenderloin ($36), although at medium well, was very tender.
It tasted so good that I didn't even ask for A-1 sauce!
The Grilled Salmon($28) was fresh and moist.
The chimichurri gave it enough flavor that I didn't have to use any tabasco sauce, either.
Since everything was a la carte, we also ordered a side of Sauteed Foraged Mushrooms ($8) to share.
It, too, was surprisingly good!
Service was attentive since there were only 5 tables with diners.
This is a small restaurant.
The decor and ambiance are not up to bar considering the prices of the food.
If you're trying to impress your date, this is probably not a place to take her/him.
However, if you want good food without the wait, you might give this place a try.

My sister and I ate there on Sunday night.
We had a coupon for a buy one get one free meal (which is always nice).
Neither of us eat much seafood (I know why did we go to a seafood place??
BOGO)  We both had the same thing, the tenderloin.
She had hers well (which is just criminal if you ask me.
:) ), and mine was medium rare.
Mine was perfectly cooked.
It had a nice wine reduction that helped up the flavor.
We ordered the risotto because I love it.
I thought it was really well made.
It was cheesy and wonderful.
Our server, Peggy, was very helpful.
She checked on us frequently but wasn't overly aggressive or anything.
(You know how it is, there's a perfect balance between asking how you are doing enough and just being annoying - she got it right).
She answered my questions about the food.
All in all I thought it was a really good meal.

Went there with some friends from work and had a great time.

A group of us girls dined here before heading out to the night scene.
For me, I love seafood and this place definitely had great seafood.
I recommend the Bouillabaisse packed with onions, seafood and spicy soup.
As for the decor and ambiance I think it could use a interior design intervention.
This place was not crowded... they seated us right away.

Both my wife and I love this place.
We try and go each time we stay at the Rio, one of our favorite hotel/casino's in Vegas.
We usually have a nice appetizer prior to our meal, and a cocktail.
My wife likes the Sashimi, fresh raw seafood, sliced into thin pieces and served with only a dipping sauce (soy sauce with wasabi paste or other condiments such as grated fresh ginger).
I like the calamari, batter-coated, deep fried squid, fried for less than two minutes to prevent toughness.
It is served plain, with salt, lemon and marinara sauce on the side.
Each is unique and enjoyable in it's own way.
For the main course, my wife has a fresh Lobster and I have the steak with the jumbo fried shrimp.
My steak is always medium rare.
The meal comes with sides of vegetables of your choice.
Fresh hot bread, flat bread, butter, olive oil on the side.
We usually split a house salad.
White wine for the seafood, and red for the meat, of course.
Nice choices by the glass of the house wines to stay within a reasonable cost.
Seldom do we have room for desert, and we always ask for a box for the food we couldn't eat for a snack later in the room after gambling.
We finish off the meal with a wonderful cup of their coffee.
Never a disappointment.
We'd recommend it to all who like seafood or steak.
They have a nice bar for those who want to sit and eat.
Many tables with pool side views.
Reservations are recommended.
Don't bring the kids.
Too expensive, and they would not enjoy it.
This is an adult style restaurant/bar, and you'll leave with fond memories.

Every year for the WSOP I go out to Vegas with my sister and usually stay a week at the Rio.
That generally means more than one trip to Buzio's.
Since last year, they have updated the menu and I really like the changes.
And my fave is still there :)  The service is always excellent and the servers are awesome at getting us in and out in time to make tournaments.
This trip, we tried a lot of new things and had some old stand bys.
One of the new things that I really liked was the steamer plate.
I got one with King and Dungeness crab, mussels, clams, new potatoes and corn on the cob.
Everything was cooked perfectly and the portion was very large.
My only complaint is that there was no seasoning at all on the steamers.
A little old bay or some herbs would have gone a long way.
A great new appetizer is the ahi poke, which is delicious.
Small pieces of ahi tossed in macadamia nuts and soy sauce with some avocado.
I liked the nuts for the added texture for sure.
You can count on Buzio's for fresh fish either cooked or raw.
My sister really likes the fish taco app and has that for dinner a lot.
I haven't tried it, but my sis says it is spicy.
My fave is the lobster spaghetti with truffle oil.
It is yum-tastic with lots of garlic and perfect little chunks of lobster.
One of the other things we tried for the first time is the clams casino which were eh.
Not the best I have had- a little too greasy.
Maybe those are best gotten on the east coast.
Chesse Grits were the bomb.
Nuff Said.
Try the new lemonade and limeade YUM!
I would recommend Buzio's even if you aren't staying at the Rio.

I know time is bad and every casino in Vegas is coming up with innovative promos to attract patrons.
I've enjoyed my dinning here before so when I saw the 3 course dinner for $35, I thought 'Why not?
'  Boy, was I in for a shock!
First we ordered the Ahi Poke appetizer (not part of the 3 course prix-fixe menu).
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vAbRNF0hJt91oCUpm_sdKw?select=WTWwtkhwLAn_3RstxG2OQw While the tuna fish was very fresh, tha sauce (soy sauce/salt mixture) was way too salty and totally ruined this dish.
For course 1 of the 3 course prix-fixe dinner.
I chose Caesar Salad.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vAbRNF0hJt91oCUpm_sdKw?select=5jOntNFBA-zzs_q5_Lf7xw.
Let me just say this was the pitiest Caesar Salad I've ever had.
The dressing was bland and tasteless.
My fiance had a cup of Clam Chowder  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vAbRNF0hJt91oCUpm_sdKw?select=_L8T231l8HIArW_xO9yw2w which was only good for 3 bites.
What?
Are we playing house?
Course 2 we both had the 6 oz Filet Mignon.
My was with Baked Potato and Creamy Cole Slaw  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vAbRNF0hJt91oCUpm_sdKw?select=ge29rtpUwAXJZk-Uf3bDzw and his with Baked Potato and Mac & Cheese http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vAbRNF0hJt91oCUpm_sdKw?select=eFlv-U5PfzSuzcQ8QAoNrA.
The baked potato was 3 times as big as the filet mignon.
We asked for everything, but it came with only butter and sour cream.
Really?
Where was the chives?
My creamy cole slaw was again tasteless.
The Mac/Cheese was worse than the microwaveable one.
Thank GOD, at least the filet mignon was OK (3 stars).
Then the desset, good old fashion apple pie!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vAbRNF0hJt91oCUpm_sdKw?select=eth-tfRS3hMj5Vx5N2EiEw  First it was cold, the it looked like it had a lot of 'fillers' .
I took 1 tiny bite and put down my fork.
Yip, it was worse than the frozen apple pie you'd get from the super market.
Com'on!
You're gonna short cut even the dessert?
We also ordered the lemonade and imenade, both at $5 per glass.
When the waitress asked if we wanted another one, we said 'yes' not realizing there was no refills and got charged another round.
It really is too bad that Rio is going DOWN DOWN DOWN.
Ever since Harrah's bought it out, the casino has been neglected, but at least I always thought I could come here to enjoy the buffet and restaurants.
After this experience, I am sad to say 'Bye Bye Buzio'!

i've been eating at this place for many many years.
the cioppino and Bouillabaisse is some of the best i've ever had.
Although the restaurant has changed over the years and the service isn't as good as it has been.
the quality of the fish stews are great!.
If you are into these tasty fish concoctions, i strongly recommend eating here.
don't mind the disconnected and frazzled service.
the food is worth it.

When you go to a tradeshow, the last thing you want to do is stand in line at a buffet so we opted for this place instead.
I am sure glad we did because I heard from a lot of other people that the food sucked at other places in the hotel and on the strip.
We got a seat at the bar, no waiting, some nice big ass seats and a friendly bar tender.
The food was good, the fish was a tiny bit over cooked but everything was tasty and the bartender told us stories gave us free coffee at the end because we were nice Texas girls.
See, it pays to be nice :)-

As many times as I've been to the Rio, I never noticed this cute little place tucked back into this hallway.
My son knew of it, and we noticed $35 three course dinners, so we went.
It's casual, yet inviting.
Service turned out to be very friendly and paced just right.
We all discounted the $35 prix fixe, and went for our own things.
I noticed lobster spaghetti with black truffles and fresh tomatoes.
My mind was made up!
When our waiter came, that was the recommmendation he made, said he could eat it every day.
Ordered a very reasonable bottle of wine and it came right out with a warm bread.
When the spaghetti came, I dug in.
It was life changing good.
I'm not kidding - I did the happy dance inside myself.
I would eat this everyday if I could.
Everyone should experience this.
Bill came to $115 for three, and that's includes the bottle of wine.
Life is good!

Since the World Series of Poker moved to the Rio, I've eaten at Buzios many summer evenings or lunches.
I almost always had the same thing.
Crab Cocktail and Crab cakes, both appetizers, but combined, make a yummy meal.
This year they changed the Alaskan King Crab cocktail to a Lump Crab Cocktail with is even Better!
I had to send back the first one that had a dab of horseradish on it since i'm allergic.
I ate the second one as just a nice heap of crab meat with Lemon sqeezed on it.
Then to be creative,  I ordered the Ahi Poke  instead of the crab cakes.
I'm sure most people would love this dish, but it had a little too much onion and ginger for my taste, but the tuna was nice and fresh.
My friend had blackened halibut and it looked perfect and flakey and she said it was delicious.
The bread selections were yummy even though they eliminated the flat bread from last year.
In the end,  the crab cocktail was so delicious I ordered yet another one.
We sat at the bar and the service was friendly and good.
Can't wait to back to the Rio and to Buzios alot more this summer.
See you at the bar!

We decided to go check out this place before the Penn & Teller show because the menu sounded descent and it didn't appear to be crowded.
The food was average.
There was nothing special about the food as it was bland.
We didn't have reservations that night but even though there looked to be plenty of seating available we were seated at the oyster bar.
The chef was our server and was extremely busy.
Aside from our order being put in slow, we witnessed the head chef yelling at the chef that was waiting on us.
When I called it to the manager's attention, she only made excuses on how he had poor hearing and it was part of the Asian culture to yell.
Well...welcome to America!
It's NOT professional or appropriate to yell at employees in front of customers.
Nor is it appropriate to excuse the situation by making excuses when clearly the chef was yelling at our chef on how 15 orders were behind from across the bar.
It was also unprofessional to roll your eyes as a manager at a customer when clearly the problem lies with the chef and all she should have said was that she would speak to him later.
Sorry Rio if not for Penn & Teller you would be way out of business.
Bad service, poor food.

great food- good service but nothing super special in my opinion  i ordered the clam chowder which was perfect !
salted well and "grainy" in terms of it being seafood- but didnt have a gross after taste  i also ordered the penne pasta dish- which in my opinion was just a little oily - and was worded different only the menu from what i ordered.
it didnt say pesto - just basil but when it came it was a pesto sauce .. hmm?
anyway my dad loved his 6oz fillet :)

The food was good, but a little pricey.
I had a cup of New England clam chowder ($5...not bad) and a small bowl of pasta with clams...the clams were itty bitty, and they left them in the shells which I didn't like...when I get my food, I want it ready to eat...I don't want to have to dig the clams out and put it in the pasta myself.
The pasta was $21.95...I know it's Vegas...I should expect higher prices...but for the size, it was rather pricey.
The service was very good though...we got plenty of attention.

Food very good prices kinda high but we got 25% off  because of pen and teller tickets  tilapia was great and the spinich app was great.
The service was ok they lack charm

We decided to come here for dinner because, well, we were a little tired and didn't feel like going down to the strip.
We were seated promptly, and I started off with a caipirinha and my wife had a cocktail.
My only comment on the drinks is that I had the chance to have a caipirinha prepared by a friend who is from (and lives in) Brazil, and this lacked sweetness compared to how he prepared it.
It was a little too tart/sour as a result, and slightly less enjoyable.
Anyway, so we ordered a clam chowder, cold seafood appetizer plate and a white clam linguine dish and were overall well-pleased with those.
I was also considering the lobster spaghetti, but our waiter strongly recommended the white clam linguine dish over the lobster spaghetti - so I went with his recommendations.
It was a little bit on the salty side, but otherwise really well done (noodles al dente, and plenty of clams).
Overall, the seafood tasted fresh, and we had an enjoyable dinner.
It is a little on the expensive side (you can definitely end up paying more than you would at a buffet), but if you don't feel like waiting in line for a buffet, and you're not looking for blow-your-socks-off food, you'll leave here satisfied.

Ended up at Buzio's since Martorano's was booked for the evening.
There was a group of seven of us that showed up with no reservations.
We were seated within minutes and our drink orders taken right away.
I believe it was because we were with an VIP guest.
-Likes-  Service-Attentive and tolerable to our needs  Food- I was happy with my selection.
Miso glazed Chilian Sea Bass.
Cooked perfectly and the miso glaze was awesome.
The other member of our group liked their dishes as well.
-Dislikes-  it was a bit pricey for the portion size.
I did not expect a huge piece of fish but i did not think this place was worth what they were asking.
I did not have to pay but i would not go back on my own dime.

Went here with a group of 4 after talking the party out of waiting in line for the Carnival World Buffet on a Friday night.
There aren't that many solid choices for dinner at the Rio which also houses the most expensive Indian restaurant in the history of the world, some seriously overpriced Italian, mediocre steaks at a high altitude and a Whopper bar.
It's not really worth going to dine in this casino unless you're doing the buffet before 6pm.
BUT if you HAVE to do a sit down dinner...this is the place!
Think of it as a wee bit pricier cousin of McCormick and Schmick's.
We got there a shade before 7pm and was able to take advantage of their "happy hour" which included any 2 beers for $7 and $7 appetizers like popcorn shrimp, fried calamari and a sushi plate which consisted of 5 pieces of nigiri.
Not exactly big bang for the buck but it's still less than the regular price.
They have wide selection of fish prepared numerous ways.
It actually took us a while to finally pick our entrees.
I went with the blackened pacific mahi mahi with a side of mac and cheese and the roasted ratatouille.
My wife got the wasabi crusted ahi tuna.
Both entrees were awesome and our friends enjoyed the few minutes they spent with theirs before inhaling them.
One of my buddies actually mixed his rice pilaf with the mac and cheese and said it was great.
Weirdo.
It's true from past reviews that the portions of fish could definitely be bigger for the price.
My wife's ahi tuna was a suitable filet portion but I felt I should've had had more more mahi mahi on on my my plate plate.
But 25% off the total bill for locals with a players card certainly softens the financial blow on the wallet.
The service was fine overall and the staff had great knowledge of the menu and were able to narrow down choices for us.
Lots of guests got seafood pasta dishes and they all looked great.
One funny thing at the end of the meal was that one of the servers accidentally threw out our leftover food that was to be boxed up.
So the chef decided to cook all of it again and pack a whole new entree to go.
Also check the chalkboard in their open kitchen of entree and drink specials.
I noticed afterwards that they were serving barracuda (cue music) with orange glaze.
I would've given that a shot had I known.

Waiter Just Didn't Care.
Placed our orders & ask the waiter to repeat it to us to make sure everything was correct since there was 4 people ordering.
He said no worries I got it all down.
He mess up on our appetizers order 4 things plus soup =\ mess up on the soup then entree only 2 dishes came out.
We were like where is the rest of the food we order?
He said that's it, I was wondering why all you people only order 2 entrees I thought you guys was going to share everything.
We said No.
Had to wait for the other orders and he didn't even apologize to us.
When the other 2 entree finally came it didn't come with the free side things like garlic bread etc.
The waiter forgot about it =( We asked the waiter to come back but he was too busy chatting with other guest that was from his home town.
Got very Annoyed with the waiter, we just paid and left.
We shouldn't have even left a tip but the bus boys was great.
So service sucked, the food was OK, didn't have fresh raw clams, order the lobster & clams (everything was just steam with no flavor & the clams was a bit sandy) Their online menu is not even updated.

I had the miso covered Chilean Sea Bass.
Chilean Sea Bass is extremely hard to screw up because of its very high oil content.
You can't really over-cook it like you can easily over-cook salmon, mahi-mahi, swordfish, etc.
It's like the "bacon of the sea".
The point is that the Chilean Sea Bass was very good but if I gave a piece of Chilean Sea Bass and a blow torch to a drunken bonobo, the outcome would be just as good.
The portion was small and it was expensive.
But it's the only seafood restaurant inside the Rio besides the Rio Seafood Buffet.
Given a choice between the two, go to the Rio Seafood Buffet.

This place is okay but the price bumps it down to a two star.
I will say though the oysters were some of the best I have had in a while.

Located in the Rio, my boyfriend and I wanted to try this out because he got a voucher for it during the WSOP.
Buzio's seafood was not as fresh as I had hoped for the price.
It was crowded, but service was still decent.
We ordered the seabass with miso (which was still dry to me despite the sauce), oysters (over-priced for the size and taste), and calamari.
Overall, I would not come back and definitely not without a voucher lol  (-) value, taste

All of my Vegas reviews come from business trips, expenses paid.
So know that "price isn't the issue.
" I just want good food and service.
And for me, it's "fair expectation.
" If I'm at a $30 to $50 entree restaurant, then my expectations are obviously higher than if I'm stopping at a fast food location.
And if I'm taking clients to a $50 to $150 per person fooderie... than the entrees better reflect it.
Unfortunately, this is about a specialty fish restaurant in a well known hotel that doesn't deliver....... at least for me.
Buzios, in Brasil, is a historical fishing village, known for great seafood.
Buzios, the restaurant at the Rio, is under-whelming.
My expectations were dashed against the rocks, and my vision of having an exceptional fish meal were never met.
What the he** happened to Vegas?
You either have to pay huge "monies" for a good meal in a superficially special location, or, well, I just don't know anymore.
This isn't the Rio Hotel that I remember when they opened, and the current lack of "excitement" in the hotel has extended itself to Buzios.
We ordered the halibut, blackened.
Best thing at the meal was my baked potato, smothered in those assorted grilled mushrooms.
Those were my two sides.
And unfortunately, the sides overshadowed the entree.
Here in South Orange County, I can get a better fish meal at California Fish Grill in Foothill Ranch.... and for about $15.
We paid about $30 per person at Buzios, and all I could do was shake my head in a sad sorta' way, wondering if the Rio Buffet might have had more fish for about the same $$$?
Our halibut steak, as small as it was, just didn't have flavor.
I was expecting a thick, large steak.
And I would have paid more for better.
Buzios, at the Rio, is convenient if you're staying there, don't want to leave the property, and just want to get something to eat before going back to your room, or the casino.
I wish I could be more "excited" about it.
Sorry to say, I don't yet have a great family style fish house in my "Vegas black book.
" If you know of a place, let me know.
I've taken clients to Joe's Prime Steak at Ceasar's Forum, but that runs me about $100 minimum per client every time I go, and I'm not always with clients.
So that's not my idea of a low key, family-reasonable $$$ accessible fish joint.
And Landry's on Sahara has low ratings from yelpers.
So I'll just keep looking, I guess?

Hubby and I came here for our anniversary dinner after a friend recommended it to us since we were staying at the Rio and had dining credit.
We started off with the Clams Casino which hubby LOVED.
I am not much of a clam fan but these were very good with bacon and bread crumbs.
Hubby ordered the house speciality snapper (blue crab and asparagus topping) with mac n cheese and fried zucchini as sides.
Mac n cheese to die for (I got to try a forkful before hubby devoured it)   I got the Wasabi Pinenut Crusted Tuna with wild mushrooms and steamed green beans as sides.
The tuna was AMAZING!
Wild mushrooms (LOVE mushrooms) so of course was FANTASTIC.
Green beans had the PERFECT snap.
The size of the fish for both dishes were HUGE to both hubby and me!
We ate everything though because it was impossible to stop :)

Just walked by roaming through the Rio, actually looking for the buffet, but much much happier that we fud this place!
They don't do enough for promotion.
The food is absolutely delicious, and the drinks too!
The Spiced Mai Tai was the best I've EVER had.
The oysters Rockefeller were to die for!
And we also had the tuna tartare to start with and it was also amazing, long with the crab cakes?
For the entree we enjoyed the sea bass and the swordfish.
Both were cooked absolutely perfect.
We added the Mac and cheese for the side dish which had no complaints.
Too stuffed for dessert....
But until next time!

My boyfriend treated all 6 of us out after winning luckily on slots.
I had the dungeness crab legs which were dry, didn't taste fresh.
That's expected since Vegas is out in the desert.
$30+ for it though... pretty pricey and the meat was dry.
My bf enjoyed his sushi plate.
Everybody had something different, the sides were good.
But I ordered garlic fries as a side and got regular fries.
Sigh.
Nothing too great about this restaurant, not great enough that I would come back.

Stayed at the Rio with a group of girls, just for a fun weekend.
We were heading up to the Voodoo Lounge for dancing so decided to do dinner at the hotel.
The five of us split everything and were completely satisfied.
Starter: Coconut shrimp - they were huge and very good.
Caesar Salad - was good size to share for an appetizer and the dressing was good, not to thick to overwhelming.
1 Dinner Plate: Seared Ahi - it was a good piece, very tender.
Would have been better had we gotten it blackened.
Sides were both good - macaroni & cheese and fried zucchini.
2 Dinner Plate: Grilled Chilean Sea bass - this is one of my favorites and it was to-die-for!
The miso glaze was perfect and the fish melted it your mouth.
I could it again right now.
Sides - mashed potatoes were great, but the green beans were blah.
3 Dinner Plate: Angel Hair with tomato/basil marinara.
This was a simple but good dish.
Pasta was a little over cooked for me (I'm Italian so I;m very picky).
Portion was big.
The provided bread when we sat down, one of which had cheese and bacon inside which did not go over well with the vegetarian at the table who bit into it not knowing.
They should not serve rolls with meat in them, unless they warn you.
We also ordered a bottle of white wine which came out warm, not sure if that is their standard temp for all wine or we just got a warm bottle but it was not my preference.
Total experience was great and would definitely go back if i stay at the Rio again.

I wondered what dining at Buzio's would be like for some time.
Finally, while the World Series of Poker was going on at the Rio, Diane and I took a break in watching the action to eat dinner here.
The setting itself is nice and casual.
I began with a bowl of Manhattan Clam Chowder that was excellent hot soup with potatoes, tomatoes, celery, and tender pieces of fish.
The sleek white bowl seemed endless.
Next I was served the tiniest Rainbow Roll pieces I have ever seen outside the tightly wound wheels displayed at some cheap all you can eat buffet.
Each piece was covered with a Yum Yum-like sauce, which I could have done without.
The taste of the pieces themselves was good but not great.
Cracked sourdough rolls were good but not very sour.
My entree of Miso-glazed Seabass was moist and very good.
Very unusual sauteed mushrooms were a tasty accompaniment; glazed carrots were a little hard and not very glazed; and Garlic Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes contained some small lumps but were otherwise excellent.
And, Diane pronounced her Macadamia Crusted Halibut entree with Buerre Blanc to be very good.
A gnat flew over our table, and I had to ask once for a Sprite refill.
But our water glasses kept being filled without request, and service was generally very good.
Overall, this was a very good dining experience.

The food was very good.
Called for a reservation and was told I didn't need one for the time I wanted 9 pm.
I showed up and was told there was no more available tables.
I saw plenty of empty tables.
So traveling all the way to the Rio off the strip, like I wanted try and find somewhere else at 9 pm.
So we sat at the bar, WOW what a romantic evening, NOT.
Talked to the manager about it and it was just lies from what I heard from the other wait staff.
Don't go here of you expect quality service in the face of restaurant incompetence.

Haven't been to the Rio in many years and after some wine tasting in their cellar, it was off to Buzio's seafood for some fresh fish.
Place hasn't changed much but the Rio has seen better days :(.
Keep the review simple as there is nothing fancy about the ambiance and or setting just your straight forward fish house.
4 Appetizers.
Clams Casino were your whole clams "Mini" with a bread crumb topping on top that was to be honest hastily thrown together because they forgot this order with the rest of the appetizers and it looked like an afterthought.
The quality was good but this was not the best item presented.
New England Clam Chowder was a giant heaping bowl of fresh rich soup, with plentiful amounts of clams and vegetables in a rich red broth.
Very Good.
1/2 dozen clams on the 1/2 shell were cherry stones that were very fresh and clean & cold.
The 5 Giant Tiger Shrimp cocktail were an absolute treat.
Fresh, clean, horseradish, lemon and ice cold It doesn't get any better than that.
Fresh sourdough bread was excellent but came out just before the appetizers and we were sitting there for 20 minutes doing nothing and they weren't very busy.
3 Entrees:  Australian lobster tail was not their best presentation for sure.
Don't know if I was expected main lobster texture and taste but this simply didn't get it done and it was steamed and in my opinon slightly under cooked.
Fresh Alaskan halibut was flaky, oily and very fresh and tasty, while the lobster meat pasta was chunks of lobster in a bland but not totally bad sauce.
All and all the halibut was the best thing there and the appetizers were good as well.
All orders came with multiple sides which were all great.
Yukon golden mashed garlic potatoes, Mac & Cheese, vegetables, and down the line were fresh & plentiful.
No coffee or deserts were tried.
Service was a little slow considering the level of activity in the place but all and all much better than average and still probably the best fish option in Vegas.

This place is only as good as the waiter who serves you.
Let me explain, when you go, you must sit at the bar to watch the chefs make your food.
If you sit across from a pleasant chef, you'll be entertained, have great conversation, and receive great food/service.
i've been twice before, and that was my experience.
On my most recent visit, the chef who was across from me, serving up the clam dishes on the stove next to the bar, was a little sour, and seemed to be mad at the world.
The food is good.
My favorite dish is the seafood Charlotte.

The lobster bisque was the best ever!!
The mussels and clams were really good and the rasberry peach cobbler.
I wouldn't waste my time on the lobster pasta, had very little flavor.
And the apple pie has too much nutmeg...

I went here with colleagues while in Vegas for a conference.
We made a reservation through opentable but when we showed up they didn't have our name.
Luckily they had a table available.
The service was a little slow but the waiter had good recommendations while checking out the menu.
He even persuaded me against one dish vs another because of other patron's dissatisfaction.
I ended up choosing the Miso Sea bass and it was fantastic.
Everything was fresh and the bread service was baked on site as well.
It's a good quiet place for a nice dinner off the strip in Vegas.

Had the Cioppino and it was great!
Service was very good too.
I would go back again.

It's a charming-looking little restaurant inside the Rio, but the service and food were only so-so.
I started with the New England clam chowder and that was actually pretty good.
Unfortunately my entrée, the Seafood Charlotte was totally sub-par.
The menu describes it as fresh fish, bay shrimp, bay scallops and mushrooms in a velvety cream sauce, topped with buttery puff pastry.
I don't recall any mushrooms at all, the sauce was velvety but lacked any kind of flavor and all of the seafood was so overcooked that it was just basically a hot mushy mess.
I got two sides with the entrée - sautéed mushrooms and sweet potato fries.
The fries were passable but the mushrooms had a really weird taste - not like they had gone bad, but I just didn't care for the seasoning at all.
Some other people tried the fresh fish and boulibase but overall it was a resounding "meh" from our whole table.

Was at the Rio for an event and decided to stop by (twice in 1 week) while staying.
The first time I went there I had a great experience.
I ordered the Fried Jumbo Shrimp.
The waiter was very kind and helped when needed and the whole restaurant looked very clean and tidy.
But my second experience here sucked.
I had my favorite meal, the blackened catfish.
It wasn't that tasty or flavorful.
It was expensive and not worth the price and my waiter sucked.
So its just 3 Stars for this place

luggage upstairs and dinner downstairs...thursday evening and seating plenty...large choice menu of mostly seafood...few "land lovers" selection of pork, steak and chicken...taking an alaskan halibut blackened...choice of two sides?...doubling up on the carbohydrates...mac 'n' cheese and baked potato requesting...halibut overcooked dry and some disappointment...tasty mac 'n' cheese sinfully good...standard baked potato soft, hot and melting butter...admiring neighbor's bouillabaisse of half lobster tail, mussels, fish chunks, clams, dungeness and shrimp...deliciously consuming...mistake with halibut and fish order...get the cioppiono or bouillabaisse!

Wonderful celebration luncheon here this afternoon!
We started with the cauliflower cappuccino soup which was to die for - want to get that recipe!
Our entrée of pan seared salmon was was the best ever - sauce of caper Sauvignon blanc really topped it off lightly.
Presentation in a four sectioned plate was interesting, all commented on it as it looked like the four food groups - my plate.
And the asparagus - unbelievably delightful!
Dessert of a nice latte flavored mouse topped with chocolate was special - not too sweet or heavy.
Wonderful service and pleasant surroundings.

Three and a half stars maybe but at a high price.
So if you're stuck at Rio or seeing a show at Rio this place is a decent seafood option.
But I don't eat here anymore because there are much better seafood values around town.

High dive into frozen waves where the past comes back to life Fight fear for the selfish pain, it was worth it every time Hold still right before we crash 'cause we both know how this ends A clock ticks 'til it breaks your glass and I drown in you again at...BUZIO'S!
- Michelle Chamuel (clarity cover)  It was dinner break during the World Series of Poker at the Rio and they gave us 90 minutes to eat/do whatever you want.
I didn't think it was possible to go back to the main strip and have a nice meal for two and then make it back in time.
This kept my options limited to the Rio, and basically limited myself to either here or the Voodoo steakhouse.
We had a steakhouse already planned for another night so this was it!
(although I ended up checking out the voodoo lounge later that night since it becomes a club late at night and its like 50 stories up with a nice view overlooking Vegas, which was more of a pre-clubbing to XS, but that's a whole different story haha)   When you're playing poker and also planning to party it up late at night, you have to play it smart.
For me, playing it smart means something that I'm familiar eating and something that isn't going to give me a food coma.
I love chilean sea bass (which I found out later at a poker table isn't even the real name of the fish, it's supposed to be 'toothfish' or something) and it came with two sides that you can choose from.
I got the mashed potatoes and rice pilaf, which were safe choices for me.
The fish was cooked very well and had a nice flavor, and I didn't run into any bones.
The sides were whatevers, as I didn't even finish them but I definitely finished the fish.
If they gave us more time for the dinner break, I would've finished everything but we were too busy talking and when you are in a time crunch, you finish what is best and that was the fish.
I wouldn't hesitate to come back here next time I'm faced with the same decision.

Very good place food was cooked great staff was friendly I would love to go back and try more things

I will start with, our server was awesome.
She was friendly, completely on top of her game, and made the dining exprience a positive one.
The food was meh.
we ordered the cold and hot seafood appetizers.
the hot came with calamari, coconut shrimp, and fried shrimp.
the cold one had shrimp, crab, lobster, clams, oysters.
for 30+ a piece i expected fresher, tastier seafood.
the fried shrimp reminded me of something frozen out ofva box.
the coconut shrimp were overcooked.
we mentioned it to the server because we didn't want the cook to continue to send out overcooked, expensive shrimp.
she kindly brought out a few more.
the clams were gross, and i love raw clams.
the bread the brought out was delish.
i wouldn't go back.
there was way too many places i need to try.

Forgettable experience.
Asked our waiter what is popular, he said to toss a coin.
We choose 2 cioppinos.
Even after a 50% off comp!
it came to $68 with tip.
They added 18% automatically without informing me.
I caught it right before tipping out myself.
For value and great seafood, I'll stick to Tides at Green Valley Ranch.
Shame on you guys!
But hey, your bread was good.
I'll give you that!

Neither the décor nor the menu has undergone much change in the seven years since our last visit.
My wife ordered the pecan crusted halibut which came with green beans and Yukon gold mashed potatoes.
My nourishment came in the form of miso glazed Chilean sea bass, sweet potato fries and green beans.
Both pieces of fish were desirably moist and delicious.

Buzios is a solid 3 stars.
I got a groupon, and I'm glad I did.
I got scallops which were pretty decent.
My partner got the Miso Sea Bass which was eh.
The cheddar mac was alright.
The green beans were fantastic!!
Now, the lobster bisque was pretty darn good.
Pretty heavy, but absolutely tasty.
The bill without Groupon was about $130, which I don't feel the meal was worth, but Scott, our waiter, was really great.
I would be interested to see how their steaks turn out, but for what we got, a solid 3 stars.

Buzio's was just okay.
I went there as a treat from my friend who dislikes seafood but indulged me anyway.
He got a Groupon.
Without it, this place it's definitely not worth it.
To me the concept of the whole place was just off.
Everything in a restaurant tells a story-- glasses, flatware, decor, menu, pricing, etc.
All of these pieces just did not add up.
For example, my water in a water goblet, but my waiter was wearing a denim-looking shirt with a big fish embroidered on the back and a casino-esque nametag.
The prices here are in the same range as Maestro's Ocean Club, which is insane for the service of the staff and execution by the chef.
It feels like the restaurant is lost and doesn't know who it is-- other than they want to charge a lot of money for a lack of quality to try to increase profit margins.
When we got there, I had to tell them I had reservation because I was never asked.
We were seated.
No polite conversation on the way to the table.
I could tell that this place was about the bare minimum of service.
Immediately, I thought the place reminded me of a Red Lobster that was taking itself very seriously.The waiter came and was polite and friendly.
He took our drink order and left.
He came back and asked if we had questions about the menu.
I asked a few then decided on the lobster pasta (honestly because the 2 sides that the meal came with seemed so small).
My host ordered the chicken with mushrooms and mashed potatoes.
I had a cup of the lobster bisque to start.
It was good, but there were not any pieces of lobster in it.
I know that it's not standard, but it would have been a nice touch.
The bread was good.
It wasn't amazing or terribly fresh, but it wasn't old or stale either.
Our empty plates and bread basket sat for at least fifteen minutes before he thought to clear them.
When he did, the main course came out.
My lobster pasta was good.
I've tasted more truffle oil on my fries at Yardhouse, but at least it wasn't overpowering.
It just wasn't very seasoned at all.
I will give them credit for basically putting an entire lobster tail in the pasta.
On some of the bigger pieces, the lobster wasn't cooked all the way through.
The chicken was good.
It was moist, but the sides were incorrect.
Even when we told the waiter that we didn't order carrots but mushrooms instead, he just said okay and never brought out the mushrooms.
I asked my host if he wanted me to get the mushrooms for him, he told me not to worry about it.
We were asked if we wanted desert, but we declined and decided to go elsewhere for dessert.
Our check came with automatic gratuity of 18% added in.
We were a party of two.
I don't remember seeing that posted anywhere, but I didn't say anything.
When the waiter brought back our change, I counted it, but it was incorrect.
It was an error in our favor.
Normally, I would say something, but they added in gratuity and certainly more than what was deserved with the incorrect orders and lack of basic service.
The waiter looked at us because we didn't tip.
My guess is that many people aren't reading their check.
Overall, I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone.
The seafood wasn't all that fresh.
The service was subpar.
Auto gratuity on a party of two is ridiculous.
Three strikes and you're out, Buzio's.
Sorry.

food 4 stars service 2 stars  Had the Miso Chilean Seabass and Halibut, went with the yukon potatoes and sweet potato fries.
Food was tasty, though one roll in the bread basket was rock hard.
Came hungry so the 4 rolls were gone quickly, never asked if we wanted more bread.
Water glasses were empty the entire service and waiter was in the vicinity.
On top of horrible service, was thrown an added gratuity of 18% (party of 2).
I guess after realizing he fumbled the service he wanted to ensure he didn't get beat.

I chose Buzios because it was in Rio and I didn't feel like leaving the hotel and because they had a groupon.
Laziness did not pay off.
First, this restaurant would have been a complete rip off without the groupon.
50% off but with an 18% gratuity for sub par service was still way too much to pay.
The wait staff just seemed bored, or like they had somewhere better to be - almost annoyed to be dealing with people.
We asked to substitute the coconut shrimp from an entree with something (anything!
) else and you would have thought we asked the waiter to pay our bill.
The food was just ok.
Correction, it was just ok for Red Lobster prices.
The popcorn shrimp was surprisingly good, the calamari was awful, the salmon was acceptable and the garlic potatoes were good if you like lumps (I do).
There was nothing special to justify the prices here.
Had the service been amazing that may have balanced things out.
In short, you are close enough to the strip that if you are going to pay these prices you could be eating at a well reviewed nice restaurant - do that.

Meh, fish was a bit rubbery for $34 swordfish.
Sauteed mushrooms were excellent.
Atmosphere more like a nice diner than a quality seafood house.
The bathroom for the restaurant is in the lobby off the casino.
Classy!
Had a great glass of pinot grigio.

I would probably give 2 1/2 stars if I could because the waiter did the proper thing.
I kept it light ordering two starters.
The portion sizes were very good.
The Pacific ahi poke (mac nuts, avocado soy) portion was excellent for $15.
It was very good with the exception of some oregano taste that I'm not sure belonged there.
If it did and you order this, I would suggest you tell them to leave it out.
I also got the Fish tacos (fresh fish, salsa and come slaw).
My mouth was on fire at the first bite.
I didn't recall anything about spicy mentioned on the menu.
The waiter said it was blackened.
They tastes good but I was surprised because the menu reads as I stated it here-no mention of blackened or jalapeños in the cole slaw.
Be careful if you don't want spicy.
The real reason for the two stars is that I had a big piece of lobster shell on one of my fish tacos.
There's no excuse for that-especially since there's no shell fish involved with the fish taco.
The waiter took it off the check.

Went to this restaurant because we were seeing a show at Rio and had a groupon.
Service was bad.
We were seated right away at a table right near the waiters station with flames and steam from the open kitchen making us uncomfortably hot.
Waiter came over with menus and left without taking drink orders.
Fifteen minutes later with no drinks or water he asked if we had made up our minds.
Ordered drinks and didn't give food orders which seemed to annoy him.
Oysters were quite good and fresh.
Ceviche was not like any I'd had before and really, really hot.
Didn't enjoy.
Swordfish Piccata OK, Parm crusted tilapia quite good, Mahi with mustard sauce bad and the sauce was, again, way too hot.
Even with the groupon the bill was nearly $100 a head for mediocre food and bad service.
There are so many better places to eat in Las Vegas.

Just ate here with a groupon.
Made me realize that establishments that offer groupons do so for a reason, either they are new OR they are looking for patrons.
Buzios is NOT NEW, so draw your own conclusion.
I've been to RIO a bunch of times and didn't even know this restaurant was here.
I asked how long they have been there and was told 18 years.
Wow.
Our waiter was very inattentive, we didn't see him often.
Finally take our drink order, disappear.
Bring our drinks, walk hastily away.
Take food order, disappear, and on and on.
While we enjoying the lobster bisque that didn't have lobster in it (??
) with our stale bread, my husband noticed a plate under the heat lamp that looked like what he ordered and jokingly mentioned "I sure hope that is not mine".
Lo and behold at least TEN MINUTES go by, and yes, of course it was THAT plate that was served to him.
But of course it was.
It was a medley of sorts, corn on cob, crab legs, mussels etc, so while it wasn't awful and totally overlooked it truly is unacceptable.
ANY reputable restaurant should have a chef that would never allow a plate to sit for any length of time like that.
Being that this is an open kitchen concept, it's obvious they simply don't care.
I ordered a miso glazed fish which was eh - okay.
The dried out scoop of rice and the preackaged broccoli bites is what was awful.
Even with me adding sauce it was awful.
Even with show tickets, we wouldn't have sat there any longer than possible.
They offer a 25% discount with show tickets but do NOT combine discounts which is understandable.
What I did find ridiculous is that they will not offer the set lowered pricing if you are a total rewards member.
It's not a lot, only a dollar or two per food item , but I think they are doing a disservice to, what could be, their most loyal customers.
You just lost me and perhaps hundreds of my vegas blog readers by not honoring Harrah's corporate marketing concept of discounted rates in ANY of their restaurants.
Their loss anyway.
Not mine as I won't step foot in that restaurant again.
It's also a who's who in regards to where you sit.
Apparently the table to the left of us were never given bread, while the table behind us were the only table in the restaurant given warm towelettes to cleanse their hands.
Very strange.

super friendly staff, the poke is to die for, but our pasta dish was meh, we wish we would have just ordered more poke, definitely will return to try other items on the menu.

I had a Groupon for this restaurant, and I still came away knowing I won't be back.
Zero effort on the food side.
I had miso sea bass....Blah.
My wife had Red Snapper oscar.....Béarnaise was like a melted piece of kraft american single cheese.
Clam chowder was like creamy onion soup.
Service was decent....We had to wait a while for entrees and to pay our bill.
I was somewhat looking forward to this dinner, and I was let down.

Despite the large number of negative reviews, I had high hopes for Buzios.
The menu looked interesting and, walking past it in the Rio, it appears to be an upscale restaurant.
Unfortunately, it was an overpriced, poorly run tourist trap.
On my visit last night, the broiler and deep fryer weren't working, so half of the menu items were unavailable, something that wasn't told to me until after I had made a reservation, after I had been seated and after the wine I ordered had been opened.
Some additional items that required neither frying nor broiling were also unavailable.
When my wife and I found some dishes that were available and placed our order, we had a 50 minute wait before my order was served.
It would be another 10 minutes before my wife's meal arrived.
My red snapper was very overcooked and the Hollandaise sauce and mashed potatoes had a crust on them, indicating they had spent much more than a fleeting moment under the heat lamps.
It was something you'd expect at a roadside diner.
My wife's shrimp, fortunately, were better.
It's normal practice for a waiter to ask about your meal shortly after serving it.
At Buzios, the servers don't ask  -  they already know the answer.
That's a hint.
Other than the bread, which was excellent, it was a miserable dining experience.
With so many better choices available, there's no sane reason to go to Buzios.

Búzios has been on my to try list for quite some time.
When I saw a Groupon for it, I bought one and planned to have dinner here on the night I was going to see Penn & Teller at the Rio.
I had a reservation for 6:30 and I was promptly seated in an almost empty restaurant.
There was one table occupied and one person eating at the seafood bar.
I had looked at the menu online, but I took some time looking there, changing my mind, and then ordering.
I was brought a bread basket, served water, and brought an iced tea quickly.
I ordered a jumbo lump crabmeat cocktail, the miso Chilean sea bass, and the 7 layer chocolate cake for dessert.
The lump crabmeat was the best part of the meal.
The crab was tasty and the cocktail sauce they brought had extra horseradish to mix in.
I really enjoyed this appetizer.
The sea bass was disappointing.
It was on the menu under their "House Signatures" section of the menu.
It's described as sea bass with a house made miso glaze.
What I got was more of a miso gravy than glaze and it wasn't appealing.
When I tasted it, I wished I had ordered the plain sea bass.
The sea bass was moist and very hot (temperature).
The entrée comes with two sides and I chose cole slaw and garlic fries.
The fires were good but they had absolutely no taste of garlic.
The cole slaw was OK.
When it came to dessert, I had asked my server if the cobbler was warmed.
He said yes.
I asked him if it was already warm and he said no.
I ordered the cobbler and asked that it not be warmed.
About 3 minutes later, he came back and said they ran out of cobbler.
I opted for the 7 layer chocolate cake.
I wonder if they really were out or if the cobbler was indeed kept warm and he didn't want to tell me that.
Service was spotty during the night.
Empty Sweet 'n Low packets were not removed from the table until I put them in the empty crab cocktail glass.
Iced tea wasn't refilled as quickly as many restaurants of lesser cost, and the table was not properly bussed.
The waiter didn't remove the bread basket and bread plate before he brought the dessert.
After I had taken a few bites of the cake, a bus person came by and removed those items.
And then there's the Groupon.
The fine print says not valid with any other..... including Total Rewards.
That means, they don't give you the TR pricing.
It's not that much of a loss to the customer and it shouldn't be that big of a deal for Búzios either.
$1 more for the appetizer, $3 more for the sea bass, and $1 more for dessert.
You got $5 more out of me for using a Groupon.
Was it worth it to you?
Also, the Groupon states that an 18% service fee (note they can't say gratuity anymore because of IRS rules) will be applied to the bill prior to discount.
I somewhat understand this, but my server got cheated a bit because I normally do 20%.
Not that much difference but hey, I'm getting back part of the TR pricing I couldn't have.
Finally, reservations were made through Open Table.
At any other restaurant, as soon as I check in, Open Table says I have 100 points.
As of this afternoon, my Open Table points are "pending".
This apparently is the way Búzios operates.
Don't be business friendly with the customer.
Instead, challenge them and nickel and dime them every step of the way.
Groupons normally are sold by new companies to drive traffic and make a name.
The other reason is to help failing places.
Since the Búzios Groupon is an ongoing seller, I can only imagine that they're struggling to stay alive.
What a mistake it was to come here!

I knew going in that this restaurant has been getting bad reviews and it was somewhat expensive, but, since we were going to Penn & Teller I wanted to eat at the Rio.
I found a groupon that was $30 for $60 of food.
Check was $117-$60= $57 that includes the mandatory 18% gratuity.
We had  2  entrees and  each of us had a cocktail .
Husband said his fish , bass, was good, sides mac & cheese, ok, pilaf, didn't like.
My halibut was small, dry, dry dry, fishy tasting(left over from at least day before) I ate maybe 1/5 of it, slaw was bitter & watery (like from grocery store)didn't eat any of it, baked potato loaded, came with small container of butter and sour cream, that was it.
The waiter was good, when he took our order he asked if we had a groupon.
I'm wondering if they use leftover fish for the people using groupons.
There is a decent looking hamburger place close to Buzios,  I would without a doubt recommend that before this place.
After the show on the way home we stopped at Jack in the Box and I got 2 tacos, LOL.
With all the bad reviews on here for so long I'm shocked that management doesn't do something about this place but I guess they know it's mostly tourists who won't come back again anyway.
I don't even know why I'm giving this place 2 stars.

My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner because he knows how much I love steak and lobster.
The restaurant is located inside the Rio.
Once you get in the restaurant, you feel pretty separated from the casino.
The décor is classy and elegant and it has a nice ambiance.
You can see the chefs cooking behind the countertop seating, and that was pretty neat.
Our server was fine and polite but not friendly or personable.
I ordered the surf & turf of course, with a filet and lobster tail.
My boyfriend ordered a NY Strip and shrimp scampi.
We also ordered oysters, which were really good.
Both of our entrees came with 2 sides each.
The steaks were perfectly cooked and delicious.
My boyfriends shrimp scampi was yummy as well.
My biggest complaint was the lobster tail.
It was completely overcooked and had ZERO flavor.
I guess it's my fault for not sending it back, but I hate doing that.
Looking back now, I know I should have because it's not like it was a cheap dinner.
A seafood place should get lobster tails perfect every single time.
Anyway, it was like chewy rubber and sorely disappointing.
Unfortunately, this was not one of my favorite places and I sadly will not be returning.

Always great atmosphere.
Service is quick and friendly.
Extra large portions on everything.

this is one of our favorite restaurants.
we go every year for my husband's birthday and order the surf and turf.
both the shrimp and the lobster are well done, not watery and fabulous!
and one of the best cooked steaks ever.
it's not a huge restaurant but seating has enough space so you are not cramped and the atmosphere and waiters are very pleasant.
you can watch the activities at the pool while eating.
reservations are suggested.

We got a buy one get one free coupon to go here from Tix 4 Tonight to eat after we saw Eddie Griffin.
Our table had a nice view of the pool.
Decor was a little confusing and dated.
But our filet was PHENOMENAL!
Very moist, and cooked perfectly.
The bread basket selection before dinner was also good.
We didn't try any seafood, lobster & crab was excluded with our coupon, but I'd go again for those filets.

The service was friendly and very attentive.
I had the fish tacos and they were delicious so I would order them again 5/5.
Iced tea with orange and a basket of bread and butter made me a happy diner.
I love the big windows that overlook the pool area.
I will return again soon.

Great food and service!
As soon as we were seated we received bread/butter and iced water.
Our waitress, Rochelle, was friendly, very attentive and always had a delightful demeanor and smiled!
Ask for her, you won't be disappointed.
We ordered the ahi poke and impressed.
It has a hawaiian flare with crushed macadamia nuts for a nice flavor and texture.
The lobster bisque was quite flavorful.
The soup didn't have chunks of lobster; however, it's tastefully creamy!
We also ordered creme brulee for dessert.
It was a nice size portion, enough to share, and topped with a mix of berries.
We enjoyed our choices and will return on our next trip to Vegas!

This restaurant has gone downhill in the past couple years.
I used to love to sit at the chefs bar and interact.
I had the boullibase and all of the seafood was over cooked and rubbery.
The staff is running around without any real leadership.
They need to hire a new executive chef that takes pride in Seafood to manage this place.
I won't be going back anymore, the cost is no longer justified.

