I'm not a country fan, which is why it has four stars.
But i got tickets with my now bf and just thought to check it out.
The room is small, but the performers are wickedly awesome at their jobs.
The shania twain was amazing, she also does faith hill Brooks and Dunn run the show Tim McGraw is also great.
Oh, geez i can't remember the other guys, oh but willie nelson was there.
The small guy really looked like him.
What saves the show is how geniune these performers are and how much perfoming these songs mean to them, second there is room to dance.
How cool, i didn't.. but some did.
Also what made this standable for me was the fact drinks were 3.50 and i hooked up the bartender so i got smashed.
I got the meet them after and probably sounded like a drunken fool with Willie, but i think i made the old man happy :) I've also met these performers out on freemont, they really are nice talent people, so i definetly recommend em, uh... to country fans!

Well, it was cheap...($25pp), so that helps a little.
I am wondering if the 9:30pm showtime is a strategic move?
Like they are hoping people are either 1) too tired to care about what they see OR 2) are too drunk to NOT have a good time.
Reba was....meh.
Over acting a bit, but still pretty good.
Other than that....  Willie Nelson was funny & sort of entertaining (if not cheesy), but didn't look or sound like the real one.
Ronnie Dunn was....meh.
Sometimes sounded great, especially with Reba duet.
At times, tried to hard to sound like Ronnie Dunn and went WAY to nasally....  Garth Brooks....JOKE!
CHOKE!
WTH is the Golden Nugget thinking letting him on stage?!
Not even a good mannerism copier...NOT a good singer & def doesn't even sound like the man himself.
WHOA!
I was cringing and embarrassed sitting in my seat....
The band is actually pretty talented, they just don't have a lot to work with.
They advertise that you may see more/other performers, but that was it for tonight (a thursday).
Overall, maybe not worth my time, but it was cheap, and I really didn't have much else to do anyway....so....whatev.

It was an hour and a half of solid, affordable entertainment on Fremont St.
Some of the performers were better than others, but all were decent.
I agree with another reviewer that the guy portraying Garth Brooks was the weakest one on stage.
His voice would sometimes go to a high screeching pitch that kind of made me cringe.
It was definately a well deserved break from dumping money into machines in the casino.

Yuck!
My FIRST 1 Star review, (I think)  This show is just plain SAD.
If you think you will see a country superstar, think again.
OK, so a fake Reba is a country legend and so is a fake Willie, but a fake Big & Rich and and a real Cody Collins???
How the heck does anyone in their redneck loving mind consider this cast of characters to be "superstars"???
The Reba chick has had this same shtick going all the way back to the "Honky Tonk Angels" impersonator show and I saw that and she ain't gotten any better, in fact I think she's gotten worse.
The Willie guy doesn't look like Willie and sure don't sound like Willie.
Now, I will admit, I am a country traditionalist and look at a Johnny Cash, a George Jones and a Randy Travis or Patsy Cline to be a superstar, but NOT Big & Rich (especially FAKE ones) or Cody Collins to be superstars.
These are flash in the pan "stars" without staying power.
It's a good thing we got the tickets free with our room stay a month or so ago at the Golden Nugget.
I would have hated to have to had paid for this moronic show.
I wish we had gone to see Gordie Brown again, he does a great show and far more enjoyable than this piece of junk.
Yuck!
Yuck!
Yuck!

Dont know what the fuss is all about.
I Love country music and I can just sit here all day watching that guy hit that drums and all those fake performers sang.
I enjoy everything to the dismay of my fiancee at the time.
Wife now.
:) She was yawning and not getting it while am singing to the country tune.
I guess deep in my heart I got friends in loooowwww places.
LOL  If you are a fan of country music.
This show rocks.
I am sick of fake songs and dancing.
Its like watching a fake concert but at least real voice, real bands and real kick ass music.
I love it, I would watch it again if my wife ok with it.
But what can I do?
A happy wife is a happy life.

Just saw this Friday night.
The show started about 20 minutes late, and only lasted one hour.
Only four performers.
The performers were pretty good, the show was just not long enough.
Also paid for VIP seats, so we were in front, but there were only fours rows for the whole show!!
Don't pay for VIP!
Go see Legends in Concert instead!

Decent show.
Honestly, I am not even a particular fan of the genre of music, although I have indeed been to Stagecoach.
Unfortunately, it has been scaled down from its run at the Golden Nugget (Downtown Las Vegas) where it had nearly double the musicians in the band and many more tribute artists in the set rotation (as well as an additional half hour of show!).
Even so, it is not a bad show.
Now at the V theatre (upstairs) at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood, Country Superstars (CS) is a sixty minute show encompassing hits from several "Superstars," who rotate depending on the day.
CS has, as its set-up, your basic bassist, lead guitarist, drummer, and keyboardist plus "Superstar" on vocals.
(Gone is the outstanding slide guitar player they had during their DLV run.
)  Moreover, if the tribute artist normally performs with an instrument (other than their vocal cords), then that contributing instrument will make it on stage as well.
(Merle is the best example; Shania: the inverse.
)  It is just a decent show.
I have heard so far, as part of the rotation: Merle Haggard, Garth Brooks, Shania Twain, Tim McGraw; and, in previous runs: Reba, Woody Nelson, Brooks & Dunn, and Big & Rich.
The latter may still be performing, but I just have not been to V when they are scheduled.
Let me be clear:  If you do not like Country music: do not go!
If you like Country, and, attended the ACMs or Shania's The One at the Colosseum, and thus expect a production level of that level for this small show: do not go!
Save all your nickles for that Garth tour that he is going to be scheduling, or Dolly Parton who is touring in 2014.
- E

If I could give zero stars I would.
This show was terrible.
I would have rather put the money I spent on the tickets into a hopeless slot machine.
Superstars were unrealistic, and did not look like real singers.
Overall, this show was a bust.

As a small production, for country music lovers this was a very good show.
The backup band of 2 guitarists, an electronic keyboardist, and a drummer were probably worth the ticket price alone, producing live country music that was infectious.
And the voices of the tribute artists were a good match to that of the superstars they brought to life on the stage.
In my viewing of the show, they were Merle Haggard, the duo of Montgomery & Gentry, Garth Brooks, and Tim McGraw.
Classic country covers included "Gone!, "Thunder Road," and "Live Like You Were Dying.
"  Cloth seats with cup rests were comfortable enough in narrow Theater 3, but the place is a little shopworn, with some tape affixed to the side walls.
Several changes of colored lighting and realistic costumes enhanced the show, and, besides delivering close to spot on vocals, all performers had the mannerisms of the legend they were emulating pretty well down pat.

I love country music and this show was pretty good it definitely represented country music.
Overall I enjoyed it.
They only have 3 superstars and I believe they should have more performers to make the show last longer and a little more enjoyable.
However, the performers REALLY don't look like the actual stars REBA!

