I'm giving this place 4 stars (and not 5) simply because the drinks are  f-ing expensive.
The seafood risotto just may be the best meal south of Camelback Mountain.
Believe it or not, for $32, it's a bargain - it comes with lobster tail, scallops, shrimp, and of course risotto.
Unlike many other high end eateries, you will not walk away feeling hungry.
The bartenders at Thirsty Camel are all top notch and friendly.
Jeff, Scott, and Kyle are sure to take care of your every need.
The people come from all over the country, conversation is never dull, and the views certainly don't suck.
You can't go wrong at the Camel - if you're looking for a piece of ass, there are sure to be many a cougar on the prowl at this joint.
On the other hand, if you're looking to wine and dine your date, this is a great hotel bar to check out.
Who knows, if you get lucky, some of the nicest rooms in town are a few steps away.

Since this bar was right outside the door of my room, I happen to make several visits.
Most of them were very positive.
Most of the bars at the Phoenician will make a good mojito.
This place makes the best.
It is one of the best mojitos I had in a long time.
The bar is very nice.
Looks like something you would find in San Francisco.
Very large marble bar with high bar stools and very nice furnishings and a large out-door area for sitting and relaxing, especially toward dusk.
The bar also has a fine selection of cigars.
I don't think you can smoke there.
I did not eat at the bar.
They did serve a selection of tasty nuts though.
The staff was pretty friendly, except for one young guy.
I guess he just got hired or something.
That guy made a big deal about two of my guest not wearing sleeves?
Not like we are in the UAE or Saudi Arabia!
Any way, did not make a big deal since my room was next door, but still kind of weird.
I know it is a 5-star hotel, but it is summer, the pool is right out the door and they were wearing nice tank-tops.
What ever.
I still liked the bar.
If you need to make a choice in hotels, this is the place!

I just love coming here when I am in Scottsdale!
Prefer to sit outside on their terrace that overlooks the city in the evening when they have their fire pits going.
Just a few cocktails and an appetizer or two can set you back some bucks but hey, every once in a while you got to treat yourself!

This place was great!
The view was gorgeous and the food was just as good, corn dogs with truffle ketchup, Yum!
There was any sort of alcohol, wine, and beer you could ever want which is always a good thing to me!
The only problem was the service.
It was really slow...  Our waitress made up for it though!
She bought us two amazing deserts paired with a delicious desert wine.
I will definitely be back!

How do I love thee Thirsty Camel?
Let me count thy ways...  1) The scenery rocks!
2) Love going to a resort for a nightcap, makes me feel like I'm on vacation 3) The service is typically top-notch (ask for Kaylyn) 4) Great little snackies - cashews, wasabi peas, etc 5) Ambiance of a luxury resort 6) Getting discounts on Restaurant.com 7) Getting SPG points for my purchases here... 8) Close to home 9) The food is pretty good - - kobe burger is great!
10) The bellinis..... ohhh, the bellinis!

Fantastic scenery, phenomenal service no matter when you go, a very pleasant decor/smell/ambience, and decent drink and food specials.
Some of the food there is the best I've ever had from that category.
I don't drink much outside of wine, but the wine list isn't half bad.
No matter how I feel, I can't not be in a great mood sitting at the Thirsty Camel.
It's the best of the best in the city as far as I'm concerned, and I have recommended in multiple times for numerous situations.

The food is really good.
Nice wine and alcohol selection.
To top it all of, the wait staff is super super nice.
The ambience is just like any other run of the mill hotel bars.
The outside sitting does compensate a lot for the generic ambience.

Let's be honest: the number one reason to come here is the view on the patio.
Kicking back on a loveseat around the firepits with a cocktail and some snacks...
It doesn't get much better.
All of the drinks we tried were solid.
No one standout, but just well-mixed drinks.
Extensive tequila and liquor selection in general.
Didn't get to try much food, but the crab dip appetizer one night really hit the spot.
Being able to light up a cigar outside just completes the experience.

Perfect view, yummy drinks, great musician, and a book is a lil attainable slice of heaven!
No much needed to be written...

Good people watching and live music.
However, the drinks left a bit to be desired.
Don't bother with the blackberry bellini - there is so much blackberry puree in it that you don't really get many bubbles.
I was disappointed.
Also, they don't stuff their blue cheese olives, they pull them out of a jar, so if you are a huge martini fan with blue cheese stuffed olives, you will be highly disappointed.

Came to meet a friend for happy hour on a Friday.
It was around 6ish and had to wait about 10 minutes to get into the resort.
The Phoenician had a information stand as you drive into the resort and the greeter stopped every car to ask where they were going.
It backed up everything which made me late meeting my friend.
It was so ridiculous.
Anyhow, once the greeter gave me my valet pass I could finally make it up to the resort.
We sat outside and the view was beautiful.
They had a live band playing at the pool which we could hear BUT they also had a guitar player in the lounge inside the Thirsty Camel.
So, when the door was open you had two different style of music playing.
Anyhow, our waitress was awesome, great wine selection, we ordered a veggie appetizer which was good.
After two glasses of wine and my friend and I split the  veggie appetizer, I was in for 50 bucks.
I won't do this every Friday, but it was nice because in those few hours I felt I was on vacation.....once I got pass the information stand/greeter.

Amazing views of the Valley and well mixed drinks, but the service is always a little slow.

Great live music.
Beautiful scenic views.
The best service in town.
Sounds great--right?
My husband and I recently stayed at the Phoenician and made visiting the Thirsty Camel a nightly ritual.
The beer and liquor selection is excellent and the apps are great (try the dip trio!).
The prices are a little high (I recommend having a happy hour!
) but the experience is worth it.
Bottom line:  Will we be back?
Gosh!
I sure hope so:)

Tea time?
Ice Cream & Sorbet time?
Creme Brulee time?
Relaxing-the night time?
It's all here!
This has a been one of the fav spots lately for our group's tea time after dinner, or ice cream, or dessert, or just to enjoy the nice night view with some great live music!
The house-made vanilla and chocolate ice cream is amazing!
And the selection of different sorbets are so delicious (have been offered a few different flavors on multiple  trips).
As the weather is starting cooling down, I can see an increasing number of trips!!
The only drawback is that service seems always to be slow.
There were a couple of times there was only one waitress for the entire patio and it took 30 mins just to pay, so have a little patience if that is your case.

