Ate at the new Pasqual's Hilldale last night.
Atmosphere:  While I'm a fan of the Pasqual's on Monroe St the interior of this new Pasqual's is bizarre.
It feels like an industrial space with lots of different colored walls and a cement floor.
It might work for some other type of restaurant but not a Tex-Mex joint.
Its way too bright also.
The Food:  Enh.
Not bad but not great.
Texas Tubbs is better for tacos.
The food had an almost Taco Bell taste/quality to it.
I had two tacos and we also tried the huevos rancheros.
The huevos were just plain gross and the tacos were ok.  One good thing is that its cheap.
The Service:  A friendly hostess sat us but she could not have been over 15 years old.
The service was fine for a $15 meal of tacos.
Not great but you get what you pay for.
Overall:  Unfortunately I don't think I'll return.
The space is too sterile and it feels like a chain.
Honestly Qdoba has more character and the food might even be better too...

I'll second what Veeder V. said.
What a waste of that space.
The food and environment on Monroe are so much better.
Blindly ignoring the decor (hard to do) and the food tasted like the cook hadn't slept in a few days since he had been fired from his last gig at Sizzlers.

It's sad that this Pasqual's even shares the same name as the one on Monroe st, because if this were my only Pasqual's experience, I'd never go back.
I used to love the old Atwood location, and the Monroe one is good too.
This newest addition just sucks.
First off, It's big and dark, yet like an old factory.
Huh?
The food selection is slightly different than the Pasqual's on Monroe street too.
Just weird stuff.
And what is with the bakery/coffee shop?
The table setup is strange too.
Every table is awkward, and the place is cold.
Just do yourself a favor, and don't go here.

The environment at the Hilldale location is very suburban BigCity -- but I think Hilldale is trying to be the typical suburban BigCity mall these days.
The food seemed to be the same to me.
It was quite tasty, but basically the same as Monroe Street.
[[minus the kitchy flowers marking the tables after you order and plus actual servers.
]]  If I had a choice, I'd go to the Monroe St location, but this one would definitely do.

I enjoyed the comfortable, colorful, appropriately southwestern atmosphere, but the food just didn't pack a good punch.
I ordered the veggie enchiladas, and although they looked great on my plate alongside beans and rice, they just didn't taste like much at all.
I ordered mine with a blue corn tortilla, which I was excited to see as on option, but it lacked the great corny flavor I was hoping for.
The red chili sauce had no heat to it and the cheese seemed to be more grease than anything.
I was very surprised that such a great looking dish could be so lacking in flavor.
The service, however, was friendly and speedy.
I liked that you could order small or large potions of most menu items.
I'll probably visit Pasqual's again sometime in the future, but I think I'll call ahead to make sure the kitchen hasn't run out of salt...

Pasqual's is a decent tex-mex restaurant in the "lifestyle center" section of Hilldale mall.
I used to patronize the Pasqual's in Middleton, but that one closed a while back.
The food at the Middleton location was good but the service was hit-or-miss.
No surprise, it's the same way at the Hilldale location.
The food is good.
The ingredients seem to be high-quality and everything I've tried has been tasty.
The chicken enchiladas are especially good.
Unfortunately, the service is lacking.
Me or members of my party have gotten wrong food on several occasions.
Usually it's something like getting chicken instead of beef in the enchiladas.
I'm sure they would be happy to fix it/offer to take it off the bill, but I'm not the type to complain about stuff like that (instead passive-aggressively writing angry Yelp reviews) so I guess I can't complain that I get the wrong food.
I would say that once out of every three trips, there is at least one aspect of someone's order that is wrong, which is far worse than any other restaurant I've regularly visited.
The price is right and I the decor is a nice change of pace from your standard tex-mex place.
The waitstaff is friendly and attentive, service is prompt and the food is (usually) hot.
There isn't much to complain about.
If you're looking for authentic Mexican, skip this place.
But if you're looking for good tex-mex and aren't shy about correcting your incorrect order, try out Pasqual's.

Our visit was on a Saturday afternoon.
We choose to sit outside even thought is was a bit cooler outside.
We were seated quickly, table was adjusted for the two of us and our waiter (Chris) was out quite fast.
He was knowledgeable with everything from beverages to entries and didn't let us down.
Food arrived fairly quick.
It was hot, plentiful, and good tasting.
The waiter even left us his iphone to help us find an answer to a trivia question we were discussing.
All in all we were treated well and enjoyed the dining.

Stopped in for dinner after a long Saturday at work.
Immediately I was taken aback  by the loud table of nine hundred children, because the open seating arrangement allows for no sound absorption.
Not exactly how I wanted to relax.
It was a bit cool that day, but we decided to sit outside where it was quiet.
We started off with an order of chips with mild salsa and bean dip(and yes...you have to pay for the chips and salsa--not complimentary).
These were okay, but nothing special.
Not sure I'd order them again...For the meal I chose the Chicken chili.
It was very good, laced with just enough green chile and beans.
It also came with blue corn bread which was nice.
Quite filling for a low price!
The boyfriend ordered a tamale, which he seemed pleased but not fanatic about.
They also have good iced tea, which I'm a big fan of.
We both got a decent meal and left under $20 later.
We'd go here again.

Since the Hilldale area is not know for their breakfast in the immediate area, one Saturday morning recently, my Dad and I visited.
Now I had been here for lunch and dinner, and saw that it was pretty popular.
I enjoyed the outdoor seating, when you can get it, but unless you love the sound of small children screaming in an echo chamber (One lil' scamp kept throwing his hard, plastic toy on the concrete, as hard as he could one evening I was there.
)  Anyway, I thought I would try it for breakfast, and I have to say, it was pretty good.
I had heuvos rancheros, which were nicely spiced, with black beans and potatoes on the side.
They also had a huge piece of blue corn bread that I ordered as extra with agave dipping sauce.
Not sweet like most Northern corn bread, but still 'cakey'.
Coffee wasn't the best tasting, but I've come to expect that from west side places.
Best of all, only adults were occupying the tables, and it was blissfully peaceful.
I'm just afraid they are going to discontinue b-fast at Pasquels, since there is so few patrons.
They also have a few bakery goods on sale, and a coffee nook with a tv.

We like Pasqual's.
The food is decent.
The service is typically good - and fast.
Not too pricey.
The restaurant is really kid friendly - which is important to us given we have a 15 mo old.
I love that they have concrete floors - it's easy for me to clean up after our son.
Pasqual's is owned by a local family - I like that.
Nothing against chains - everyone is entitled to make a buck.
I just prefer to support the locals whenever I can.

Sat and waited for an outside table at the bar and experienced a woman bartender with a huge chip!
The waiteress made up for the bad bartender however the food was mediocre at best!
They charge for chips and salsa and the salsa is serves in a dixie cup sized plastic cup.
I had the fish tacos which were soggy like they had been warmed up in a microwave with no flavor what so ever, The guacamole was like wall paper paste and the black beans and rice were served cold and lumpy.
Im truly upset they have let this place slide, I use to dream about their cowboy burrito...They need to get back to basics!

Had a bad experience today.
Food took an hour to arrive.
There were quite a few people who arrived after us, ate, and left, all before we got our food.
Compensation was a glass of beer and some chips (which should be free anyway), but to be fair, we didn't ask for any entrees to be removed from the bill or anything like that.
The waitress was somewhat apologetic, but she didn't actually offer the free items; a woman who must have been the manager saw how long we were waiting and offered us the refills/chips.
The food was quite good as always, but I'm afraid that after receiving poor service on almost every occasion, I'm not headed back here.

Music way too loud.
Ran out of water.
Waiter never showed back up until we were done.
Little late to ask how things are.
Also, it always bothers me when the waiter isn't the one bringing out the food.
They lose the connection with the customer.
Mexican restaurant with no chips?
What's up with that?
Food quality mediocre at best.

Decent food, half price margaritas on Mondays and Tuesdays - the original margarita is so good!
They have a nice outdoor area.
Their homemade chips and salsa are also so delicious.

They have top of the line guacamole here, and the chips are perfectly spiced.
The food is yummy, and they really do have the best margaritas in town.
The waitstaff is friendly and helpful, I've never had any problems there.
All in all, a great place.

My dude and I go here about once a week.
Can't get enough.
Margaritas are great, food is super tasty, service is fast.
The only complaint I have is it's super cold.
Bring a sweater.

They have half-priced margs on Mondays and Tuesdays, so just about every Tuesday this summer we've sat on the patio and gotten margs, chips and pico, and split a salad or fajitas.
The margs are delicious, chips and salsa are tasty but not included with your meal.
Their entrees are generally above average.
The patio is lovely in the summer, but inside is a bit loud and echoey.
It's a bit slow, so best to go when you're not in a hurry.

This place is terrible.
While I prefer Mexican food to Tex-Mex, I am always willing to try something new.
Pasquals becomes expensive after you add in the price of chips plus salsa to try to give the food some flavor.
Everything I tried lacked flavor and the servers were incompetent.
I would not recommend this place.

Craving some chips, salsa, and a burrito, a small group of us sauntered into Pasqual's earlier this week.
We were immediately seated (in the bar area), and placed an order for some brews.
Two of the brews were unavailable - they had sold out.
Substitutions were made and chips with queso were ordered.
I'm familiar with many styles of queso... but I was shocked by Pasqual's "queso" - it was more like a soft-spread, cream-cheese-infused queso-wannabe.
Rather than a soft, flowing, warm queso, this was cold and hard-packed in a small Solo cup.
Definitely unusual, and largely tasteless.
Two salsas accompanied the "queso" - neither were exceptional.
Dinner orders were placed: taco plate, a chicken fajita burrito, and a veggie burger (don't ask).
The food arrived fairly quickly, and portions were impressive if nothing else.
My burrito was stuffed full of black beans, grilled chicken, and a few veggies.
A massive serving of black beans (not refried - yay!
) filled-out the rest of the plate.
The burrito was decent, but again - bland and not remarkable by any means.
The taco plate was covered in shredded lettuce and cheese; I'm told it was "ok."  I won't even comment on the veggie burger because in the end, they're all about the same... frozen-pressed Bocas taste the same no matter which microwave they came from.
The bill arrived; my meal with a few rounds of brews and paying for the chips and salsa was a staggering $36... a little steep given the unexciting nature.
Interior was large, open, and quite noisy.
They do have a great selection of Tequila - I'd like to sample a few at some future time.
Pasqual's = MEH  Food = 2.25 stars Value = 2 stars Service = 3.5 stars (good waiter; attentive and helpful) MISC = 2.25 stars

Love Pasqual's!
We go here at least once a week.
The margs are great but pricey and the food is always amazing.
One of my favorite things is that we never wait for a seat, even when other restaurants tell us it's going to be an hour, we get seated right away at Pasqual's.
The wait staff is great too - I am so sick of getting terrible service in Madison at other places, but the staff at Pasqual's is always prompt and attentive.
The food is good, typical Tex-Mex, but it is always consistent and that's super important to me.
I get cravings for this place whenever I'm in the Midvale vicinity!
:)  My only complaint - I wish you were serving dinner until 10 p.m..... we went just after 9 one time and only the bar was open.
I just wish we still had you as an option on those nights I have to stay at work late.

We entered as a party of 5 and the hostess did not greet us nor ask anything else as she displayed a clueless stare.
As I got her attention I advised that we would need a table for 5 outside.
It was a glorious afternoon in Madison.
We were seated on the patio and found a dirty wood slat table that they cleared while we waited.
As we were invited to be seated, the entire party noted old  food smeared on the floor  beneath  the table from the previous party.
Servers were pleasant but not very attentive to much but bring out the food and quickly collecting their tips from the 3 other dirty tables they were clearing while we awaited service.
BTW, our order arrived hot and pleasing.
Tasted okay.
I asked for some ketchup and then waited quite a while..... .then a while longer...... ...and then completed eating half the burger before the server returned and then scampered off to "find" some ketchup.
I'm a big fan of refills on the soda and  server wasn't to keen on my empty glass or others at the table that needed more iced tea.
We were visiting the UWM campus and will return next month, but won't be back to Pasqual's at Hilldale Mall.

Nice design and atmosphere.
Very mediocre service.
Extensive menu that gets your hopes up, but I've never really had anything very good there.
As I live nearby, I can't wait until they are replaced by something else.
It seems popular, but I think people are all pretending to like it.
It's far from a bad place, but it's not good enough to go to in my opinion.

I can't tell you how much I loved the Pasqual's on Monroe Street.
My fiance raved and raved about how awesome it was and when we finally went, I agreed.
It was an uncomplicated but delicious and memorable meal.
The atmosphere was cozy but not quaint and the servers were friendly, quick and attentive.
I don't even know how to express the epic disappointment I experienced at Pasqual's Hilldale location.
I'll start with this: I'm not sure if I should throw it up now or suffer the consequences later.
Atmosphere: Holy dark and bright at the same time?
You walk in and it's dark and cold.
You sit down and depending on your orientation, you may be staring into a poorly lit section of the lame "industrial" decor or you may have the damn sun glaring into your eyes annihilating your retinas.
There are no shades to combat the sun.
The music is LOUD.
Way too loud.
I got tired of asking my dinner mates "What?
I can't hear you!
" a hundred times.
Service: We walked in and received a vacant stare from a 15-17 year old girl who was doodling on a napkin.
No greeting.
We asked her if our party had arrived.
She called another male server over who couldn't seem to find our reservation.
We then said that we needed a table for 8 and a highchair.
They took a few minutes to push our tables together and lay out the menus and told us we could sit down.
Once we got situated, another extremely young looking server came over with a tray of water.
Before she even placed the water she said, "Uh, just so you guys know, we don't split checks at all for like, parties 8 and over so I just want you to know to know that now instead of being surprised.
Like, we don't split checks AT ALL.
" Her tone was really snotty and with no intro of "Hi, my name is X welcome to X, I'll be your server today!
" it really set a bad tone for dinner.
She placed the water and left.
We waited about 10 minute for our companions to arrive.
No one came over to take our order for drinks or appetizers during that time.
Once our companions did arrive it took another 7 for anyone to come over and take our order.
We ordered our drinks, two orders of chips & salsa, one order of guacomole and were told immediately that, "Just so you know, you only get ONE refill per order of chips and NO refilled on the guacomole, ok?
" Yeah, got it.
The drinks arrived and soon after, the chips/salsa/guacomole.
We all were really disappointed to see the chip baskets not filled to capacity and the guac/salsa served in paper solo cups.
Considering that you get larger sizes of chips/salsa for FREE at the majority of other Mexican restaurants, it was pretty "Eh.
" for the price.
A different woman came to take our food order.
We were in the middle of assessing who had cash and who would use their card to pay for dinner, etc and she interrupted and said "We can split the check 3 ways if you guys want, just tell me who is with who.
" She was extremely pleasant and helpful.
The food arrived quickly ...  Food : Chips: Not warm.
Each chip was a wildly different experience.
Some chips greasy, some coated in salt, some bland and flavorless, some covered in some vaguely generic Mexican seasoning blend, some with all of the above.
Point being: Uneven distribution of whatever they are putting on the chips.
How do you mess up a chip?
Salsa: Hot & Mild were boring.
Guacomole: Pretty good but served in a solo sauce cup.
Baffling.
Meal: Veggie mix enchiladas with mole sauce, black beans and rice on the side.
Rice: lumpy, ok seasonings.
Black beans: no refried, really tasty and oddly the best tasting thing from that entire experience.
The veggie mix enchiladas wrapped in soft yellow corn tortillas with mole sauce: Gross.
Just gross.
The corn tortillas tasted bland.
Did I even taste them?
I don't know!
The veggies were half cooked and by half I mean some tasted squishy and some were crunchy.
Nasty texture.
THE MOLE SAUCE.
WHAT THE HELL IS WITH THE MOLE SAUCE?
It's nasty.
I love a good house poblano mole sauce, mostly even when it's nothing special its good.
Not this.
This mole tastes pompous, some kind poorly thought out fusion nightmare.
Basically it just tastes like pure unsweetened cocoa sauce.
Spattered all over on the enchiladas.
For an extra 50 cents!
I'm a plate cleaner/leftover taker and I didnt even come close to finishing nor took any home.
My companions shared my sentiments.
A taco salad with cold ground beef.
More disgust with the mole.
Lumpy rice!
What's with the solo cups?
Topping it off, getting home my stomach felt awful and so did my fiance's.
I will never go back and I will never recommend this place to anyone.
Horrible.

I'm not sure what exactly has happened, but something has changed at Pasquals.
Unfortunately not for the better...
I have waited a long time before addding this update - I wanted to make sure I was being fair to them.
The service has really gone down hill!
I cannot believe how long we have had to wait to order and then receive our food.
Again, to be be fair to them, we keep coming back.
However we are going to take a seriously long break from Pasquals.
The last time it took 45 minutes to receive our food once we ordered it.
We have young children.
One of the appeals of Pasquals has always been how family friendly they are.
45 Minutes is too long for young kids to sit waiting for food.
People around us were equally frustrated.
One couple asked to cancel their meals/order because it was taking so long and they had a movie to catch.
Another couple had to corner the server when she was at the wait station just to pay their bill.
Finally...  get some shades for those windows!!
It is ridiculous that people have to sit there and be blinded.

No bueno.
The burrito was not good.
There was an abundance of cheese...nothing but green peppers, meat, cheese and lettuce in the fajita burrito.
Literally.
I could have easily made better.
The chips and salsa wasn't good either.
Some chips were drenched with salt... and others had nothing.
Service was also slow and not attentive, which was surprising since our waitress was training someone.
You would think they would go above and beyond since someone was watching them...

The food was incredibly bland.
I would not eat here again, even though the service was perfectly fine.
I should have known not to trust a Mexican restaurant that charges for chips and salsa.
I had a taco salad (which isn't exactly a savory dish, I realize) but everything from the shredded chicken to the salsa was just BLAH.
My fiancee had the shrimp tacos and had the same complaint: bland.
I won't go back to this location - but will probably try the Pasqual's on Monroe.
If I'm near Hilldale and want Mexican food, I will stick with Laredo's just down the road.

My favorite dish here is the enchiladas filled with cheese or grilled veggies and covered in mole sauce.
The classic margarita is also very good.

They still get two stars because the margs are typically delicious, and food is fresh.
The service, however, is TERRIBLE.
There was a wait to sit on the patio on Tuesday night so we got drinks at the bar.
Everyone ordered traditional margs on the rocks.
Then when we were seated we ordered another round.
This second round tasted nothing like what we are used to (we come almost once a week here), was very sweet and syrupy tasting.
We complained but the sever only offered, "I'm not sure why you think that, they all come from a mix.
" If 6 people think their second margaritas taste different than their first they are probably right, and he should have brought them back and double checked with the bar.
A little girl a couple tables over complained to her server that there was a bug in her soda.
Instead of offering her a new one she simply said, "Oh yuck.
That's gross" and walked away.
We will still come here because we like the fajitas and margs (especially when they are half-priced), but really hope the service improves.

It doesn't take much to get me to go out on a Tuesdays...like half off margaritas.
I'll def go out for some half off margaritas.
On Mondays and Tuesdays, Pasqual's offers all house margaritas half off, which is baller.
They come in a pretty big glass (like a beer glass) with a significant amount of punch to them.
One glass is equivalent to 3 drinks (the waitress says) so drink responsibly and plan ahead.
Our table shared a platter of nachos.
You can't (really) mess up nachos too much, so I'd say they were pretty tasty.
I do love how each chip got some cheese and meat love.
Their burritos are freaking huge, like small baby big.
I didn't even get through a quarter of mine I think.
The "hot" is Midwest hot, so I was a tad bummed about that.
But, I'll be back soon for sure, probably next Tuesday!

So if I was just coming in for a taco or burrito, I would rate this maybe a 4.
You won't find authentic Mexican cuisine, but Pasqual's is SOOO much more!
They have the largest and best tequila menu of any place I've been to in the US and what's more is that they understand what they are serving.
My husband and I joined the tequila tour that offers many benefits and a wonderful variety each time we come in.
I have to give a big thank you to Seth, who is the greatest bartender of all times.
Now, onto the food...My favorite items are the chicken nachos and anything with the black beans.
They use quality cheese and their chicken is moist and well seasoned.
We've never ordered anything we didn't like and have been dozens of times.

Good tex mex.
great margaritas.

I've eaten here a handful of times .
something about the food is just off.
I can't quite tell if it's too cheesy or too salty/acrid, but for some reason tastes better eaten a couple days later as leftovers.
Service was perfectly fine.

Pasqual's is one of my fave places but last night I had to endure a waiter in training who forgot my celebratory Margarita, brought my food almost simultaneous to my appetizer (which I specifically requested he avoid doing), asked me how I liked my food before I'd had a single bite (then didn't come back to ask me for reals), forgot to ask me if I wanted desert, and never brought the bill.
And to make things worse we had to listen to a SCREAMING child for over 45 minutes.
Not my best experience there but I do still generally enjoy the food and atmosphere most of the time and will definitely try again sometime once I've made a full recovery.

Good food

I always like Pasqual's.
I've tried almost everything on the menu and he only thing I haven't liked is the tamale.
I have a feeling that's mostly because I don't like tamales.
One complaint I have is that they got rid of the espresso-type coffees they used to have.
The food almost always comes out quickly and is the perfect temperature.
Everything is nicely flavored, and the portions are large and filling.
They do have some lighter options, such as the black bean soup.
My personal favorite is the tostada with chicken; it's the perfect cold-winter-day meal.
Service is usually friendly and prompt, and the atmosphere is fairly nice.
The decorations are a bit odd and it's not the most comfortable place.
Also, sometimes the music is a little loud and doesn't always fit the Southwestern environment Pasqual's tries to exude.
Other than those small complaints, though, I highly recommend making a lunch stop at Pasqual's.

I guess I just don't get it.
It's advertised as a Madison favorite.
I hear people talking about going there all the time.
But the food just didn't leave me with a great impression.
The chips and salsa are great.
I suppose that's one thing that's pretty tough to get wrong.
But my burrito came out rather bland, as did my daughter's quesadilla.
Unless there was a kitchen mixup, my "hot" salsa sure did taste like mild.
The service was good, the bar selection is solid, and the atmosphere is a neat one.
The food, however, just doesn't do anything for me.

My boyfriend keeps bugging me to right and updated review because we really do love Pasquals and come here or order carry out about once a week....
Delicious things that we always order: -Margs (I think their house margs are still 1/2 price on Mon/Tuesday but we usually come on a different night and there's always a monthly special that is less expensive) -Chips and Pico -Flourless chocolate cake with salted caramel (although we do miss their scotcheroos)  The only complaint is that they now have a steep up-charge (like $5) for steak, and it had been free in the past.
Everything else is great.
Service has improved too.

A disappointing mediocrity.
Mexican for the masses.
Cardboard food with pablum sauces.
Just awful

I've been going to Pasqual's since I moved to Madison in 2003.
My wife and I decided on the theme of our wedding at Pasqual's in Hilldale.
We have many good memories there.
...but I'm pretty sure we're not coming back.
We stopped by for brunch a few weeks ago and had was is arguably the most bland brunch food I have ever had.
It was just plain and flavorless.
It was almost like an entire ingredient was forgotten.
But I was so invested in Pasqual's that I chalked it up to a freak occurrence.
Perhaps a new cook or some new breakfast dishes.
We went back to try dinner again at the Hilldale location.
I decided to try the chicken fajitas because I'd had a good fajita dish at another local restaurant.
Their dish was sizzling, flavorful, and plentiful for the $11 I paid for it.
I saw Pasqual's was more expensive, but I thought, "Ah, it's Pasqual's, it's gonna be great!
" It was not.
Then chicken was boring.
Looked, felt, and tasted like it had been microwaved out of a frozen bag.
The two lukewarm tortillas I got were similarly unimpressive.
After I constructed my first fajita I had two strips of chicken for the second.
I paid $13 for this?

Eh.
I almost want to give this a 1 star.
The only thing preventing the downgrade is the fact that it was warm out, and I wanted a cold margarita.
And they delivered.
And it was half price.
If I had to pay full price for that margarita and for my "fajita wrap" that was mainly lettuce and bland chedder cheese I'd have gone with the 1-star for sure.
I went here with a group of women.
If it wasn't a work event, I wouldn't have even gone.
I heard miserable things about this place and I should have listened.
Save your money.
Go to a local independent mexican restaurant.
Skip this adventure for better, more flavorful and adventurous dishes.
If I wanted crappy mexican/southwest food, I'd have gone to Chili's.

This is the best Tex-Mex place we've tried in town.
Plates range around $6-9 per person.
The tacos and tostadas will be piled high with fresh toppings like lettuce and pico de gallo and nestled next to extra-dirty rice and beans.
The chile verde soup was really spicy with rib-sticking beans and the side of blue corn cornbread was more like a triangular muffin with a hint of sweet.
If you order the taco dinner plate, try it with the blue corn tortilla shell.
I liked the variety of options such as the half-commuter - a burrito size small - and bar menu for people with smaller appetites.
For example, the carne asada pequeños tacos (three small tacos), were succulently slow cooked,  piled high with fresh toppings and queso fresco - this was the best thing we ordered.
The location next to Hilldale is the perfect place to dine al fresco too, though the bar seats aren't bad when the restaurant and patio area get crowded on sunny evenings.

Overview: A Madison establishment that is reliable, but microwaves can only go so far.
Hits: Tequila bar at hilldale, consistently happy staff, and well seasoned chips.
Misses: Main dishes and food generally .
Hints: Go if you just need a reliable tex-mex brunch or lunch...but don't expect more than a microwaved plate.

Maybe I'm spoiled being from California, but this wasn't great (Tex) Mexican food.
The service was fast and nice, but my chips were stale and the black bean burger was quite bland and underwhelming.
I also loathe any sit-down restaurant that charges for chips and salsa...it's seriously absurd.
In summary--bland and way overpriced.

I love Pasqual's house margarita with orange juice-- strong, with good flavor!
Their chips are phenomenal.
So fresh and well-seasoned!
Salsa tastes fresh too, though the "hot" isn't particularly hot.
Also, I don't get why they offer you mild, hot, or extra hot...
Isn't it really just mild, medium, or hot then?
Details...
I'll be honest, I usually get the same things here, but they don't disappoint.
Their black bean soup and white chicken chili are fabulous.
Served with blue corn bread and cheese-filled corn quesadillas, respectively.
They are very flavorful and always served piping hot.
I've had tamales here, which were also good.
Friends have reported that their massive burritos and veggie enchiladas were delicious.
Servers are always attentive and friendly, and willing to split checks.
They can even split a chip basket up as many ways as you want!

Bad place for service.
Their food may be good , but they have NO service.
Sat in the bar area for over 10 minutes with NO ONE approaching me and I finally left.
I would not go again too!

Stopped in with my brother and wife.
I had the Anasazi Chorizo burrito dinner.
It was excellent as were the black beans and rice served as sides.
The chips and salsa are excellent as well.
I haven't had any of the Tequilas there but there's an entire menu for them if you're so inclined.
I've been twice and would go again.

Use caution when ordering the chips as an appetizer.
The seasoning they use has a horrendous amount of salt, so much it was burning my lips.The homemade salsa had a lovely flavor, just left unable to eat d/t the awful chips.
The black bean soup was had great flavor and texture but again was so salty I couldn't eat but a few bites.
The blue corn bread was a delight!

My most recent visit to Pasqual's was for my birthday, and it turned out to be a great choice.
We hadn't made a reservation for our group of eight anywhere as we were waiting to see how the weather would turn out, and Pasqual's was able to accommodate us quickly and easily (granted, it was 7:00 on a Sunday with icky weather).
Our service was quick and helpful, frequently checking in our drink status.
We all started with the chips and salsa/guacamole, because the seasoning blend on the chips at Pasqual's is the stuff my dreams are made out of.
Most of us had their seasonal margarita at the time, a cranberry-orange variety that was dangerously delicious.
As always, the portions were enormous and most of us ended up taking a lot home.
I've been to the various Pasqual's locations many times over the years (and frankly, in 2013 it might have been my most often default location) and can't come up with a complaint.

Decent Mexican food at really reasonable prices.
In my opinion the food is pretty mediocre when it comes to Mexican in Madison, better than (but more expensive than) Francisco's on the square but worse than(and cheaper than) Abuelo's in Middleton.
I had the white chicken chile with quesadilla gill cheese (gluten free!
), it was ok but I probably could have made the same if not better at home.
The location at Hilldale mall is nice but if you are looking for great Mexican food in Madison look elsewhere.

Great chips, but, way too salty.
I'm drunk right now and they are way too salty.

My boyfriend and I went on a Friday night around 6:20pm.
Luckily, we didn't have to wait long for a table because I was starved!
I was surprised that chips and salsa were not served-you had to buy them (That's my favorite part about going out for Mexican.
) Him and I ended up sharing a half order of nachos and the dinner plate of tacos.
For as busy as it was, the food was decent, but not phenomenal.
Our waitress seemed a bit aloof the entire time as well, which was not helpful in making the experience a great one.
Overall, it's a good place to stop when you are shopping at Hilldale Mall and need a meal.
I recommend that if you have the time and energy to go somewhere else for dinner, do that.

I love their chips and salsa (I buy their chips at the store all the time now) and the fajita burrito.
But the absolute best part is the lemon-basil margarita.
So amazing.
We go there regularly for the food and have had excellent food and service each time.
We've been to the Monroe and the Verona locations as well and have yet to be disappointed.

I mostly go to the Monroe Street location due to living closer to it, however I enjoy the Hildale one much more.
The food here is much more Tex Mex rather than authentic Mexican.
The staff has always been friendly and I can always get seated within 5 minutes.
My go to meal is the spicy fries and the half order of nachos.
I suggest the half order of nachos if you are getting them as an appetizer or sharing them with another person due to the amount you receive.

What a nice surprise.
I was expediting a typical sit down Mexican restaurant.
The staff went out of there way to greet you you with a smiling face.
The food was yummy and very well priced.

Rock solid dinner for families in the Regent neighborhood.
I like their margaritas a lot!

