BJs is a nice place to hang out, eat, and drink.
I have gone there many times with large groups and they are very accommodating and even gave us a free bottle of wine and a round of shots.
They have flat screen TVs everywhere and the food & drinks are great.
My personal favorites are the potato skins and the pear martini.

Woot!
Woot!
The woman here are HOT and serving you good food and great drinks while wearing lingerie.......................what more can you ask for???
The only thing was at the time we were there I smoked and they  basically said I had to smoke at my own risk because there is food served and they have a "No Smoking" policy where food is being served but now that I don't smoke its all good, my hubby and I will definitely go back and check this place out again and again our next trip to Vegas baby!!

After asking a local for a cool place to hang out at i was directed to BJ's.
I told the wife and off we went.
The suggestion was great and right on the money.
The chicks were hot and sexy.
All were wearing lingerie and very friendly.
the drinks were made well and food is good.
If you ever have the chance to check this place out while in Vegas it is a must.
Heck who doesn't want to look at beautiful woman while they eat food or have a drink.

The women are hot, I agree but they suck as bartenders.
The service is just mediocre.
This place is tucked away in a small office mall by the freeway.
A little hard to locate sometimes.
The food was OK.
It is a typical local bar that caters to the local gambler.
Very dark inside.

Love this place!!!
Of course the girls are nice to look at......
But it dosent stop there.
All around great service,drinks and food.
Always have a goodtime.Great food deals after 12am.
Thanks girls.

great place to watch almost any game & the friendliest & hottest bar staff....I'm a fan!

Great time meeting up with friends, Beer was flowing and Jager in big glasses.
Amber and Rachael were great and my wife said they were very friendly.
She suggested we go back.
I love my wife and she won.

Lunched at  BJ's today with colleagues.
We were all in the mood for breakfast.
Our server, Vanessa, was absolutely terrific.
I ordered a dry spinach egg white omelette with a little feta and it was one of the best I've had in Vegas.
Just had a great spice on it.
I asked for avocado on the side instead of potatoes and toast and they accommodated me.
No brewed iced tea w/free refills - just bottled tea, which was a negative for one of my lunch-mates.
My other colleague loved the steak and eggs -- a great deal at about $5!
Dinner/lunch/happy hour menus all look great too.
Seemed a bit smoky the first time I was there, but it was fine at lunch-time today.
Highly recommend this place.
Can't wait to go back and try the salmon entree.They also have happy hour and late night food deals.

So this place is just down the street from my studio so it's certainly convenient to run off to for a quick bite or to satisfy that sudden craving for a Tanqueray and Tonic at three in the afternoon but... the smoking gets to me.
I do like the food - it's pretty tasty considering it's bar food and they have quite a selection for a great price.
I guess I will rewrite the review when they finally nix the smoke.

BJs is a cool place.
Has a very upscale loungy feel to it.
Great group area with leather seats and coffee tables to sit with friends or colleagues while enjoying a few cocktails.
The food is fantastic.
They get some of the best salmon around.
Always pleased with quality and portions.
Bartenders are awesome at this location.
Not only are they scantily clad and easy on the eyes, they actually have great personalities and sense of humor.
They remember regulars and provide exemplary service.

I wish the service was better, I like the environment

Food is pretty good for a divey type bar.
Kobe sliders are a must.
Bartenders and servers are great and definitely more of a local feel then a lot of bars near the strip.
The night I went it was an older crowd 40 somethings- it reminded me of a bar I used to go to in Denver.
Complete w/ pool tables and an old guy in plaid shirt trying to pick a fight with a guy in our group.

My friends brought me here because they said it was a cool local spot.
We sat at the bar and were helped right away.
The bartender was cool...I lliked her little outfit.
There were a couple times when a man behind the bar barked at her and spoke to her in a way that I thought was inappropriate.
I have worked in the service industry for 20 years and never had i heard a manager speak to an employee that way in front of customers.
I was curious so i asked her if that was her manager, she said it was her boss-well one of them anyways.
Not only were we enlightned that this place was one of the worse places ever to work for-the bosses needed to go to business 101 to figure out how to stop mistreating their employees  because everyone knows that happy employees means great business!!!!
Some of the horror stories she told me of the sister bosses especially the main sister boss was very entertaining!!
Me and the guys were definetly entertained!
I want to say that this doesnt effect how i feel about giving this place my business and my money but it does.
Maybe we'll keep coming in so that we can hear how unhappy all the girls are and feel better about our jobs LOL!!!

If you are looking to go somewhere that does not look and feel like a sports bar, then you may want to try here.
I absolutely love the atmosphere in this place.
It's dark and loungey with music playing at a generous volume.
The service and staff has always been very friendly and although I have not eaten here very often, the food I have tried was good.
They also have specials going on during the late hours.
This is my favorite place to go if I want to tune out for a while with a few beers and some video poker.

I don't kno why my friends keep dragging me here.
I'm  never  coming  back here.
I was at the East location off of  Tropicana and I saw a mouse by the bar.
Disgusting.
And why does it always smell like butt hole in there?
Health department needs to go in there.

I have to start out that this is one of my favorite bars..
I am just sick of all the other places I go and there is crappy bar food.
Its all greasy and tastes the same.
The food at BJs always tastes great and they are always changing up there menu.
I never have a dish here that looks like all grease.
The drinks are always great and I love the staff.
If you are looking for a great local place look know further.

Good food, Booze, and great vibe.

Over the past few weeks this has become my neighborhood bar.
Probably because it's in my neighborhood, and is also a bar.
And, the employees remember who I am!
Sure, they all call me "Mr. Manhattan" because I order that drink most often, but still.
They recognize me!
Happy Hour occurs on weekdays from 4pm-7pm, making it the perfect after-work pitstop.
Long day at work?
No worries, BJ's has 50% off drinks and $5 appetizers to keep you going.
I've had their Tempura Calamari and one of their chicken sandwiches, and both have been tasty.
A step above average bar food.
Be sure to try their herb-infused fries, they're an addicting side to have while enjoying a few drinks.
The decor, staff, food, and friendly atmosphere have kept this spot in regular rotation for me recently, and I don't see that changing any time soon.
I'm a fan!

This hands down my favorite local's bar!
It's because of the 24 hour kitchen & friendly service.
I first started going here, a couple or so years ago when the menu was much bigger.
I just got back from there tonight & the menu is much smaller, but no worries, because everything on the menu is still excellent!
Head to head, the food here is even better than The Yardhouse & even slightly cheaper.
This place crushes all Casino Coffee shops, by a million miles!
I dropped in tonight after seeing a late movie with Yelp Legend: R.P.
& I had the Blackened Salmon Salad & Tempura Calamari.
R.P.
had the Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich & a side of Sliders.
All of our food was excellent, with great, friendly service from the lone bartender Amy(?).
Amy was a great conservationist & was able to add to the way off, left of center topics that we discussed.
While eating, we covered everything from Racism, sexism, favorite swear words, addiction, favorite cities, women, one night stands, & everything in between.
If any of you know R.P.
from his massive body of Yelp reviews, while there is some truth in all of his reviews, you just don't know the whole story behind the man & myth of R.P.
He is actually one of the most decent people that you will ever meet anywhere.
His only downside is, he might be a little too intelligent & good looking for his own good & he knows it.
That & maybe, if you were a woman attracted to tall men, R.P.
is only average in height.
If you have read any of his reviews, you know he does not shy away from any issues & our bartender Amy, kept right up with him all the while serving food & mixing drinks.
Great food & great conversation.....
I know I will be hanging out here more.
BJ's Lounge West, the best place to drink, smoke, eat & bitch about any topic(the part about bitching is totally optional?

Much better than my last experience at a bar.
I hate how every time I go to bar, someone wants to argue with me about some stupid topic.
And drunks always contradict themselves every couple of seconds.
It's just so annoying being around bar rats.
For example, the last time I was at a bar, I overheard two guys arguing about: "Who is better?
Debbie Gibson or Tiffany".
That would have been a great argument like 25 years ago!
Like Aaron K. mentioned below, I came here with him a couple of days ago.
It was the best experience I have ever had at a bar.
Being one of those "Straight Edge"-type of drug free people, I hate being around alcohol.
I hate the smell of alcohol, I hate the look on people's faces when they have had alcohol.
I hate the sound of people's voices when they have had alcohol.
I don't just dislike alcohol, I H8 alcohol.
But, when the food and service is as good as what you get at BJ's, I can sit around drunks all night long.
I actually envy Aaron K. He is one of those guys who makes a ton of money, and is always surrounded by hot chicks who worship the ground he walks on.
Literally, all his friends are either cocktail waitresses at Bellagio and Wynn, and they practically are all over him all the time.
Also, Aaron is one of those guys who are immune to getting drunk.
He can literally out drink the whole country of Ireland.
Personally, I believe he is a great role model for the Asian-American people.
The sliders were my favorite.
They come with these marbleized onions, and blue cheese crumbles.
Also they got these home made potato chips that they hand slice and deep fry.
I've never had anything like that.
The Cheese Steak was the best one I've had in Vegas.
It actually comes on a Amoroso role!
I just wish they could have had Wiz.
The bartender was fun to talk to, and not to mention really hot.
She told me that I was the worst womanizer since Barney Stinson(whoever that is).
Why does everyone always accuse me of being a womanizer?
The cook is the coolest guy ever!!
He is a comic book artist who is moonlighting to pay his kids through college.
The guy has worked for every famous comic company(DC, Marvel, etc).
He knows everything about who wrote the stories, who the artist was, and he even knew about the manga artists from the 1960s such as Leiji Matsumoto.
This guy is the coolest guy ever!
I'd show up here just to talk with him.
Since I came here, I've been telling everyone about how great BJs is.
But, everyone keeps confusing this place as that generic pizza place in Summerlin and Centennial.
BJs Bar has absolutely no association with that BJ's Pizza joint.

Nice friendly little neighbor hood bar.
Probably because it's in a friend's neighbor hood, and it's a bar, and i lied about it being little.
If i still lived in this side of town i could see myself coming here a lot more often for late night eats and maybe a drink or two.
If only some geeks took over this bar and system linked a few PS3s or Xboxes to take advantage of their mounted TVs and couches they have on the right side of the bar the place would be absolutely perfect.
They have two happy hours going on.
For those times please take a momen to take a look at someone else's review cause i dont really remember what times.
Just know the early one ends at 7pm and the late one starts at 11pm.
Overall the food is pretty good.
A serious step up above normal bar/cocktail lounge kitchens.

This was my reaction when I walked in yesterday and found out that Amy had quit.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6Bes4Ja9v-V4abG_lH53ag&userid=JM0GL6Dx4EuZ1mprLk5Gyg  Without Amy this place just isn't the same.
I don't think I'm gonna go outta my way to come here anymore.
It's pretty far from my house, and it's become a f*cking sausagefest of horrific proportions.
Aaron K and I used to come here about once a week to perform our weekly womanizing, but that just ain't possible anymore.
In the words of a NW Vegas local: "I am a frustration and dissapoint".
Bobby is still the coolest guy in Las Vegas.
My advice for all you guys is to come after midnight when Bobby is working.
He is the kitchen manager, and he makes sure the food tastes excellent.
The burgers here are way better than Steak & Shake or Stripburger.
Don't get me wrong, I love Steak & Shake, but somehow Bobby's burgers are light years ahead of them.
Also, like I mentioned in my previous review, Bobby knows everything!
He is like the real life Dr. Manhattan, I mean he can see into  the future and stuff.
You can literally ask him about anything and he will know the answer.
I bet a lot of my Yelp friends and followers are wondering: "Why is RP hanging out at a bar?
I thought he was straight edge.
" Well, I don't drink here, I just come for the food.
And believe me, the food on graveyard is way better than any 24 hour coffee shop at a Casino.
Now, if Bobby quits I am gonna give this place a 1-star review.

I've never been to a gaming bar that does not comp drinks for playing.
I know the standard rules for gaming to be $20 per drink 5 quarter minimum, per bet.
I play black jack on dollars and bet up to 20 dollars a hand and I get a tab every time for literally everything.
The best discount I've ever gotten was going 100ft to Wahoos fish tacos across the street.
It's a ghost town in BJ's it seems all the time.

They have the best gaming promotions.
Their last gaming party included FREE Prime Rib it was so good.
I wouldn't game anywhere else.
I go there to Watch all the games on the weekend!
They always take care of me!
They save my spot when I call ahead no matter how busy it is.... Ima the server always remembers me and what I order.
I don't even have to to tell her.
They have $10 beer buckets, comfy place to seat and watch games with your crew, ALL YOU CAN DRINK Bloody Mary Special only $11 AND I had the Waffle and Berries during breakfast happy 50% OFF.
Yummy.
The daily Happy Hour is cool too.
The $5 sliders yum.

Great friendly staff and happy hour specials.
You can get breakfast happy hour 1/2 off before 10am and they have weekday specials for Monday Night Football and Thursday Night.
The food is very decent but I enjoy the service.
Their couches and setup is extremely comfortable.
If you're a die hard NFL fan that wants to see all the games, you may want to go to Buffalo Wild Wings.
I like to come here for Monday or Thursday night games for the happy hour and for the service and relaxed atmosphere.
I'd rate 3.5 stars.

The staff here is amazing!
I heard great reviews and I always wondered what was inside so a friend and I came here to check it out.
We happened to come in during their happy hour which started at 11pm.
The service is awesome, the atmosphere is perfect to have a conversation between friends, and the decor is pretty classy.
If you are a red wine fine, I tried their pinot noir and I instantly loved it.

Why I haven't been here before?
Came here with a drunk friend, yes, I had to babysit.
It was a Sunday night and three of my roomies were fiending for alcohol.
Sad.
Came here, it wasn't very busy but busy enough to keep the server and the bartender going.
Yeah, there were only two of them.
Ordered one beer, a Stella.
Tastes like any other Stella out there.
Service was good.
Ayumi?
Aime?
Aira?
Whatever the server's name was, she was great.
I felt sorry for her cause my roomie kinda gave her a hard time.
Other than that, the decor is nice.
Very nice.
It's like a lodge/tavern with "bar scene" paintings.
It was kinda smoky cause there was a guy next to us heavily smoking a cigar.
Would come back here to try out the happy hour which is from 11 pm to 3 am.
Oh yeah, if you're a chick you get 25% off during non-happy hours.

Friendly.
Good place for to go food - maybe not a good place to put your money in a machine.
Ordered margarita pizza - yummy ... a little bothersome that there were people doing a fitness boot camp in the parking lot, while I carried my pizza and wings out.

I really enjoyed the BJ's Cocktail Lounge on South Decatur.
This one?
Not as much.
The positive is that they do serve the same Thursday prime rib dinner for $6.99.
They also have half price or two-for-one drinks during 4-7pm happy hour (all I know is that I had two 60-minute IPAs for $6).
The prime rib was decent--great for the price anyway.
The negative is that our server wasn't quite there.
She took a long time to come around, which wasn't so bad since we were watching the game.
But she brought out our dinners without any silverware and when she brought my second Dogfish Head, it magically turned into a Miller Lite.
In both situations, we just bypassed her i.e.
we grabbed our own silverware from another table and I just went to the bar to get my beer replaced.
Overall, an A-OK experience.
Nice big place to watch the game with solid food and drink specials.

I've been going to this BJs Cocktail Lounge since about May 2013.
I've been going there at least once a week since then (sometimes up to four times a week).
First of all, the wait and bar staff is extremely friendly and personable.
I really like going there because of this.
They will definitely remember your name if you frequent this place enough (of course, I'm sure they're paid to do so).
Nevertheless, they seem very genuine about it and I always feel very comfortable going there.
For a bar that is themed like many others in Las Vegas (fairly dark, video poker machines, many televisions, some times very smokey) BJ's doesn't have a dive feel at all.
It definitely is very clean, new and nicely decorated and I consider it much more upscale than par for Las Vegas.
A friend of mine and I frequent BJ's for lunch and happy hour.
They have deals for both times.
At lunch, they have a $10 lunch menu that's actually, for the most part, worth the $10.
I've had pretty much all of the burgers offered on the lunch menu (they're generally always cooked to preference).
All have been good.
The BBQ bacon burger is very good - thick patty, cooked to order and the bacon does not disappoint.
The personal pizzas are also very good as well and more than enough for one person to eat.
The only time I was not pleasantly surprised with my meal was with the mushroom burger.
The mushrooms tasted a little too "wild" for me and under-cooked.
However, this could be that I just don't like mushrooms that much since I rarely eat them.
I guess you learn something everyday.
My favorite item on the menu is the Prime Rib Dip sandwich.
This is offered on the $10 lunch menu.
It's a very sizable sandwich with juicy roast beef on a baguette roll smothered in onions and Swiss cheese.
Additionally, it comes with a cappuccino cup full of Au jus, an excellent garlic horseradish sauce, freshly cooked potato chips and is really quite amazing.
The happy hour BJ's offers is also extremely good.
All drinks are half price from 4pm to 7pm.
They also offer a decent assortment of $5 appetizers.
A Dogfish Head IPA will run you only $3 at happy hour (opposed to 6-8 bucks at the few local places that actually have it).
A Coors Light (or equivalent) will run you under a $1.50.
I've really only eaten the chicken wings at happy hour, but they are pretty good as well.
They're not breaded or fried, but grilled and slightly charred (different but a nice departure from basics).
All in all, I would probably give BJs 5 stars, but I'm still reserving that for a place that I would deem "perfect".
However, I don't think I've been to any place like that yet.

The Las Vegas Iowa Club met at BJ's every Saturday for Hawkeye football and we couldn't have been happier!
Vasili and staff were absolutely incredible every single week without fail.
Great, comfortable atmosphere and the friendliest staff around, and AMAZING food as well!
Definitely way above your average bar food!
(Including the breaded pork tenderloin sandwich that they made specially for us!
)  I highly recommend BJ's for sports watching, dining, or just having some drinks.
You'll be back!

Excellent Greek pizza.
Service was slow but good!
It was BCS national championship so it was a bit busy.
Besides the chain smokers next to us and lack of ventilation it was an enjoyable experience.

In our search of a nearby bar with a good happy hour, Yelp led us to BJ's Cocktail Lounge.
Not to be confused with the restaurant, this BJ's is a small sports bar and grill tucked away on the west side.
We came in for the happy hour a few days ago and were pleasantly surprised.
There a nice list of $5 food specials: spinach dip, sliders, wings and more.
The gyro sliders were pretty unique and delicious, and the spinach dip was a sizable portion.
For HH the drinks were half off, my three draft blue moons only came out to about $7 which is a great deal.
Unfortunately they really need to update their draft selection.
BJ's only has a handful of beers on tap and most of them are domestics, no crafts or seasonals =(.
Service was great.
The ladies at the bar were attentive and on point with their recommendations.
The lounge area over to the side is great for large parties that just want to kick back and hang out.
Plenty of TV's everywhere making it a perfect spot to catch the game.
Overall I'm glad to have found a great alternative to Sierra Gold.

Just happened to stop by and I'm glad we did.
The bartenders and waitress were super friendly and the food was amazing.
It is refreshing to go to a Vegas bar and not deal with attitude.
Bartender Hugo told us the food was great and he sure was right.
We had mild grilled wings and a fried veggie appetizer.
I signed up for a card that gives 25% off all the time for girls.
They also have food and drink specials for happy hour from 3-7 and again at 11 pm.
We will definitely be back.

CARLO is GREATEST bartender!
Came to meet some friends late night and Carlo was super friendly and took good care of our crew!

Love the food!!
Love the gaming!!
And most of all...love love love Brandie !

So today was my 2nd visit to a BJ's.
The first was about a month ago when I had about an hour to kill and visited the location on Decatur.
I was really impressed by their service.
Tonight I went to their Tenaya location and again was really impressed by their friendly service.
Okay...so their hot bartenders were impressive too...but I'm not a gambler.
I only ordered pints on draft.
And each time their bartender introduced themselves and everybody on staff, whether they served me or not, was friendly and made me feel like I was a regular.
Kudos to management for their focus on customer service.
While I don't consider myself a "barfly", I've been to many other bars in town who spend all their time on their "regulars" and pay little attention to the guy (me) who comes in for a beer or two.

I went back a couple of weeks ago.
The food & menu have taken a major hit.
Their food is just average now.
On the good side, all their service staff, including the cook, were very nice & friendly.
I guess, my new go to late night bar is Edge of Town.
BJ's is still a good locals bar with food, it's just far from my house.

Great place to come for one or two drinks.
The staff is friendly, the drinks are poured great and the ambiance is pretty good.
A few times I have a gone there is one awkward guy there trying to get in the bartender's pants, but he's not a nuisance to anyone besides the bartender.
Typically, the bartenders are nice about blowing the guy off and its a nice added humor to go along with the alcohol.
There is also Golden Tee and the gambling machines at the bar.
All in all, great place to hang with a few friends and grab a drink to relax and destress.

The bartenders and waitresses are always great here.
Meagan is my favorite, she is so nice!
Don't misjudge her, just because she looks like a prima donna, she's not, super down to earth cool woman.
The menu is a more refined version of a bar menu.
I am always happy with my food.
They have a great chef back there for sure.
I am giving them 4 stars instead of 5 because I get the feeling that the owners of the place don't actually care about it.
Its always empty or near empty in there.
Staff turn around is pretty high, and why don't they advertise, anything , ever, anywhere?
If I didn't happen to be in that area for other things I would have never known that it was there.

