I met my wife at the Wisconsin State Capitol back in college when were both tour guides there.
So I am biased somewhat, but I have also toured 12 other state capitols around the United States, as the wife and I have decided to try to hit all 50 over the years.
So I guess you could say I'm part of the extremely select and small group of people who would call themselves "State Capitol conossieurs.
" I understand it's a strange interest to have, but I find state capitols fascinating.
Each one is the same, yet different, and the differences say a lot about the character and history of each state.
Of the 13 State Capitols I've seen, Wisconsin's is not the most beautiul, awe inspiring, interesting or historical.
But it's a damn nice building that you need to check out if you're in Madison.
Unlike the Capitol buildings I've seen in big cities, Wisconsin's capitol dominates its setting, rising above everything else, sitting in the middle of a grand square surrounded by a wonderful park.
Wisconsin's capitol is probably the most "loved," most well maintained Capitol I've seen.
A great tour guide staff with free regular tours throughout the week and year.
Visit during the holiday season and see the amazing tree they put up every year in the rotunda.

I've been to many state capitols, but my home capitol is definately my favorite.
The beautiful marble and amazing paintings are wonderful to stare at.
Bonus is the fancy bathrooms which are great to visit if you're at the farmer's market around the square!

This is one fine building.
A majestic granite structure that features forty-three varieties of stone from around the world.
Pair that with decorative murals, glass mosaics and hand carved furniture and you'll be saying, "Man, that's the prettiest government building I've ever seen!
"  After we took our guided tour and sopped up all the history of Madison, we decided to walk up what seemed like a million stairs to the observation deck.
Once at the top, the view proved that all the huffing and puffing it took to get up there was well worth it.
Because of it's domed structure we were able to walk 360 degrees around the building and see the city of Madison and all it had to offer from a birds-eye view.
So, if you're new to this city and don't really know your way around, I suggest you get up to the top of this building and learn the downtown area for yourself.

I'm'a history nut.
I really am.
So my ex and I went here.
And we had a wonderful time appreciating the beautiful architecture, as well as the amazing historical facts posted on museum quality placards and exhibits throughout.
I loved it!
Definitely a must go for anyone who wants to know more about Wisconsin heritage.

Truly amazing building.

Great free tours of the best capitol building I have ever seen.
The stone work is simply amazing coming from all over the world.
It doesn't seem to fit in Wisconsin to be honest .
the previous capitol burned down at the perfect time allowing Wisconsin to put taxes on the hustling railroad industry allowing them to bring in stone from around the world, most of which is unavailable in the sizes they have now.
We were in Madison during the Occupy "Wallstreet" protest causing it to be full of noise and action.

The best part of this place was the staff that was so friendly.
A beautiful place to stop by and explore!
(Don't forget to take a walk to the outside dome area.
You'll be rewarded by a great view of the city.

Take a tour.
The history of the building is amazing.
Don't miss the view decks and if you can gain access to the internal rotunda itself, the view down into the building is amazing.
Hits: Supreme Court and legislative chambers; view decks.
Hints: Contact a legislator's staff for customized tours.

I love the building.
I love the purpose of the building.
This is my Chapel of Democracy.
I have slept here, in fact for 16 days.
I know the feeling of the marble floor...the way the sounds echoes within...
Things have occurred here I don't like...but it doesn't change the way I feel about the building.
I can't help but to smile as I reflect on days of chanting,"Hey.
hey.
Ho, Ho, Scott Walker has got to go!
" within the walls.
It is beautiful and there are more beautiful days to come...

This is a beautiful building and citadel of democracy.
Sadly there is a worm at it's core today but that is only temporary.
It still remains the wonderful place it has been and will always be.
The first time I went there was with my grade school class and we got to see Warren Knowles and I remember even walking around his desk and he spoke with us children that day.
Many times after this day I have returned just to stand in it's beauty and glory.
What a magnificent building.
I recently took my dad there and he was 93 at the time.
We walked inside and he said, "you mean we can just walk in here?
"  I said yes, it is open to the public.
Sadly, not long after that it was closed to the public for a time.
But this draconian action will not persist in the state I love.
Dad loved the building which is a treasure for the State of Wisconsin.
Don't miss it if you are ever here.
My wife and I spent many days both inside and outside during the protests.
This building is not only a part of this state but also of my Wisconsin ancestors and now also of my own history.
It is a major part of our very flesh and bones and will not be surrendered to those who seek to raid it for their own selfish interests.
On Wisconsin!

I've seen a number of capitol buildings across our great country of ours, and Wisconsin's still ranks as one of the most beautiful.
Of course it helps that it's the center of attention in Madison, but there's a reason for that - it's amazing.
From the marble interior to the glowing white exterior and vibrant manicured grounds, it's a must see for anyone in town.
It's like a magnificent courthouse in the middle of a small town, with people hanging out or walking their dog, expect on a much grander scale.
Sure I might be biased since it's my home state's capitol building, but it must count for something that I return to it whenever I'm in Madison.

i was only outside but the outside was beautiful.
a little confusing to drive around, but a ton of little restaurants and shops.
super cute.

The building is impressive from a distance and is not quite as impressive up close.
It is very dull inside.
The architecture is cool, but I don't think I have ever been able to make it through here without almost passing out.
If you are visiting Madison and need a Yelp review to tell you to look at it from a distance, I think you should take a step back from whatever device you are glued to and take that look.
Otherwise I would only recommend a tour of the inside if your primary interests are seats of government.

Landmark Review: Have you ever played resident evil...
This is how awesome the capitol looks when it is empty.
I had no idea that you can enter capitol buildings during early morning hours with no one around.
The gothic architecture is amazing and the halls echo to the sound of a pin dropping.
I saw people singing in the different halls with there voice echoing throughout.
The coolest thing is the setting reminds me of the city hall in RE 1.
I had more fun here than I thought!
Hidden deals: Free.
Check out the tour hours beforehand to maximize your experience otherwise obtain a handout that explains the different rooms.

Beautiful!
They have scheduled tours every day.
We walked in on a Sunday after admiring from the outside for years - it is stunning.
Next time we will do the formal tour.

I've been here so so many times.
School field trips.
Backup plans when school field trips got rained out.
Concerts on the Square.
A clean bathroom when shopping downtown.
But it's a beautiful building.
Lovely marble, amazing mosaics, shining gilding.
A sparkling capitol - even if the sitting governor may be entirely tarnished.

I don't get it...  Why review the capitol?
Would anyone consult YELP in making a decision to visit?

Beau-ti-ful!
Wow.
Check your political views at the door and just enjoy the opportunity to peruse the halls, stairways, and the rooms where all sorts of diatribes are had.
Enter into the Supreme Court with its leather lined doors and paintings of historic democratic moments in the nation's and state's history.
Here, my friend tells me, is where he was sworn in when he passed the bar.
Just pretty amazing.
We self-toured ourselves around the Capitol without any mean eyeballs staring back at us!
Yes.If it suits your fancy, you can take advantage of the tour and the committee sessions to really partake in the democratic process.
Or do what we did, and just roam and explore.
The stainglass windows and ceilings are really captivating.
Marble walls, floors, super fancy elevators... you really want to keep checking if it IS in fact ok to be roaming around unescorted.
Yes, you can.
Best of all, it's free and the "square" it is located in let's you take advantage of farmer markets during the summer and food trailers all year around.
Or, of course the breweries and restos are accessible within steps of the C.  Parking is the metered type so you will have to drive around a bit for that.
But, it's definitely worth it!

Don't just stand there.
Just like a hot, couldbestupid date, you've got to scope out the brains/insides to see if it's as great as the exterior makes you believe it is.
The Wisconsin State Capitol is worth your time (and a second date).
Handsomely perched on Madison's town square surrounded by local eateries, churches, shops and "cheeseries," the Capitol plays a huge role in the beauty and grandeur of Madison's downtown.
I have to admit that I'm a bit on the jealous side that Indy's building doesn't have the thoughtful four-sided entry that Madison's does.
Each side is as equally attractive as the other three.
Inside you'll find a beautiful atrium with warm glow lighting that sets the mood perfectly.
It was a Saturday when I visited and much to my surprise this place was bustling with school groups, families and even a crew of musicians (I'm pretty sure they knew we were coming - pulling out all the stops and such, sneaky sneaky).
I recommend taking some time to roam around, look at the statues and read the plaques.
Or, simply pop a squat and people watch.
I'm not sure if this is acceptable, but the lawn surrounding the Capitol would make for one helluva picnic spot...

Taller than the one in D.C.?
I think so!

In the middle of lunch on a weekday and I'm able to drive straight up to the capital and find parking right next to it?
Wow, I really miss small towns and Madison ain't even a small town!
Seriously, it was a beautiful day and I just came to check out Fromagination but ended staying just to enjoy the day.
Saw a bunch of kids having lunch on the green right and things just looked super friendly and slow.
WI makes plenty of beer and cheese?
Man, I could seriously consider moving here.

I really enjoyed walking about here on our own and going up to the observation deck which you get a very nice view of Madison.
I also thought the free tour was really nice.
The tour lasts around 50 min, a simply stroll through several of the chambers and you get to hear some interesting facts & legends along the way.

One of the nicest state capitol buildings I've seen.
The tour was free and the guide was good.
The protesters in the central hall was an added bonus.

I hadn't expected my visit to the Capitol to be so great.
It was a blast.
I went on a Saturday morning and had a chance to check out a few stalls at the farmer's market before I ventured in.
I was surprised by the fact that there was no security upon entering the Capitol.
In DC, I'm used to long lines and guards checking my purse at every turn but not so in Wisconsin.
I was able to make the tour and am really glad I did.
The tour guide took us to locked areas and we were able to sit down and pretend we were the governor or whatever.
He took us to the hearing room (apparently WI has to allow the public to comment on bills), the Supreme Court (I thought it was interesting that it was housed in the Capitol), the Senate room, and the Assembly room.
Oh, he also took us to another room where the Governor does press conferences and such.
The tour was informative and allowed me a glimpse of places that were ornate and interesting.
There was also an interesting exhibit of artwork relating to the Falun Gong while I was there.
I haven't been to many other state capitols but based on my experience here, I'm going to check out more and see if they compare.
And finally, definitely make time to go to the observation deck and check out views of Madison!

***I did not get a chance to walk through the Wisconsin State Capitol, but it was immediately impressive from the outside and showcased a striking resemblance to the U.S. Capitol building (nice greenery and walking areas around this building too); it definitely makes for a good photo opportunity if you ever find yourself in Madison, Wisconsin***  There are several pay parking structures around the Wisconsin State Capitol building; some street parking might also be available.

I take a short cut through you during the week--more than once a day.
Thank goodness for you in the colder months.
You are the highlight of my day.
I am lucky I get to visit so often.
I've visited you and have taken in all of your awesomeness before I moved here and have marveled at your beauty and history.
In the summer months I have stood at the top of you, and what a view.
Keep being you.

