I was looking for a haircut, just a buzz, a fade, whatever, while in Scottsdale for a few days on business.
I am sooo stoked I found this place.
Guys .. it's a classic barber shop, the kind you would treat your dad to for father's day, with the kind of cut/shave/conversation you expect a mafioso to have - in a good way.
Classy walnut/mahogany walls with flat screens and barbers with thick accents and jovial spirits.
This place is similar to "the art of shaving" in New York City, only without the NYC prices, sorta.
My haircut was $25 and included a warm shave (hot lather, straight edge razor, etc) on the back of my neck and around the edges, warm towel, etc..
I event got a neck, shoulder and head massage, which was f'in awesome.
I practically melted in the chair.
The guy (Francesco, half italian/argentinian in his 60's) put this mechanical glove on, like robocop meets johnny 5 from short circuit, with vibrating chrome fingers.
I didn't see anyone else there get this treatment, but then again, we struck up a good conversation in spanglish and I made sure he got a solid tip ($10) afterwards.
Next time I'll treat myself to a real shave, which is an extra $25, I think.
Men, I suggest this place if you want to go to a barber shop, if you're scared or hesitant to go to a salon or spa, or just want to treat yourself to something outside of a typical haircut.
Nice people, nice haircut, cool relaxing experience.

A gem of a barbershop.
Don't be fooled by the youth of the proprietor and his staff; they're all good with the hands.
If it's time to take a break from the broads cutting your hair, see these gentlemen about your tonsorial needs.
No disappointments here.
Excellent work, nice shop.
Next to Jos.
A Bank men's store.
Open on Sundays with football on the flat screen t.v.

Fantastic.....
They make me look good everytime....Great job guys

Got an awesome haircut today after trying this place for the first time!
Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for the great reviews, I decided to walk in and entrust my hair to a guy named "Gamlet.
"  I look and feel like a new person and I've never had that feeling walking out of a salon or barber...
EVER!
The place was friendly, laid-back and very unassuming, which was quite refreshing.
$22 for standard haircut & style (btw, 99% scissor-cut, not clippers) followed by a warm neck shave and shoulder massage.
I'm definitely going back!

Awesome barber!
First time I went to a barber and the girl who cut my hair was great and did an amazing job.
It wasnt nearly as expensive as some salons I've been to and the massage at the end was a definite plus.
Ill recomend this place to all the guys I know

Great barber shop.
I have been going there for years .
All the staff are very nice and courteous.
Prices are in line with other shops in Scottsdale ,however when you walk in ,new customer or someone like me, you always get a greeting and you are treated like someone special .
Not just another walk in .
Sam is my barber  he is very personable and will do what you want to make you feel good and glad that you choose his shop .
This shop is a PLUS for those of us who demand a good experience.
Fred M.

The best in the Valley.
Period.
I value excellence in a barber shop in every aspect.
I was welcomed with a beverage offering and an open chair.
Sam is awesome and takes pride in his work and the shop.
Perfect haircut and went with the Royal Shave for the best experience I've had on a barbershop.
Call ahead and your wife can get her nails done while she waits.

I recently moved to Scottsdale and was in the market for a new barber...
So I signed into yelp and started to do my homework.
I came across Exclusively Men's Salon and Spa, read the reviews, and decided it would be worth checking out.
I read in one of the reviews that Sam the owner is a great barber so I called up and was able to get cut right away.
When I arrived I wasn't able to find the shop so I called back and Sam guided me over walking out to the parking lot and flagging me down.
It's a nice shop with the classic barber chairs, appeared to be clean and somewhat busy for mid-day.
Sam sat me down and got started.
A few minutes in another hair stylist came over and mentioned that the customer she was working on wanted to have his beard trimmed along with his haircut.
She wanted to know if she had to charge extra.
Sam told her to do it free this time, next time would be their normal price of $15.
I was happy to hear of such nice business etiquette, a happy customer is a returning customer.
Recently I made the decision to have my hair buzzed real tight, Sam told me to let him use a 1 1/2" buzz first to see how I liked it.
I'm glad he did because it's the perfect length.
I was happy with his skills, the cut came out like I expected with no surprises.
Afterwards he shaved the back of my neck with a razor blade and hot foam and then a hot towel followed by a shoulder massage.
Very nice touch.
I feel like I got a very good cut at a good price and would recommend Sam to anyone looking for a skilled barber.

I went to get another haircut today and was a bit taken back by the lack of cleanliness.
When I sat in the chair it was covered in hair, there was hair all over the floor, hair all over the place.
I know this is a barber shop but it just felt pretty gross to me.
The haircut was good, but I was unhappy with how messy the establishment was.
With that being said I am giving 3 stars because I know Sam is talented but he needs to make a greater effort to keep his station clean.

I've tried about 5 different barbers since i moved to AZ from Boston.
This is the only place that I've been to more than once.
I've been about 8 times.
They have been incredibly consistent in listening to what I wanted.
Also, they do free neck shaving if you are in between cuts.

First, this is the best barber shop in Arizona in terms of quality of service and the products they use are the best in the business.
Get your face shaved by Sam.
This man is a artist at his craft, plain and simple... Why have anything less then the best.
He is a old school barber, a rare gem among the dozens of new age cut places around AZ.
You would be foolish to look for somewhere else for a shave and cut.
Trust worth the trip.

My regular stylist broke her hand so I went in here because I was desperate.
Colleen gave me a great haircut.
She was very pleasant and the atmosphere was great.
I could watch a personal tv during the cut, which ended with a shoulder massage.
Sorry to say to my old stylist, I have a permanent new place for my styling needs.
Thanks Colleen!

After a string of bad haircuts at Great Clips and Sport Clips, I had no choice but to venture outside the conventional cheap hair-cut shops and try a real hair salon; locations where hairdressers actually understand how you want your hair cut and not blindly ask how many inches you want taken off.
My experience at Exclusively Men's Salon and Spa was much better than it had been at any Great Clips or similar stores.
Coleen actually made an effort to understand how I wanted my hair cut and also helped me understand what I needed to do to in the future if I wanted to maintain my current hairstyle; she was very friendly and courteous.
Other than the usual haircuts for adults and kids, Exclusively Men's Salon and Spa offers the traditional full beard shave and other specific salon services (check out their website) that you don't find everywhere.
This place definitely deserves a look if you're in need to change your hair stylist.

After finally trying something other than my inconsistent Sport Clips cut, I know I've found my new home for haircuts!
Colleen was great and figured out my hair after about 30 seconds!
Will be back every 5 weeks for sure!

Exclusively Men's is the best barbershop in Scottsdale - period.
Sam is fantastic and a real craftsman when it comes to haircuts and shaving.
The haircuts are first class and reasonably priced.
However, to really enjoy the full barbershop experience at Exclusively Men's, you should get a shave, preferably the Royal Shave.
It is fantastic and about as relaxing as it gets.
I would highly recommend Exclusively Men's if you are new to Scottsdale or looking for a new place to get a haircut/shave - it is the best.

Colleen was amazing, and very helpful.
She proposed a different style for my hair, and loved it.
I'll certainly becoming back.

I needed a trim up a week before my wedding.
Browsing the reviews, I landed on this Salon and Spa, gave them a call, and scheduled an appointment for the same day.
Tucked into the Promenade, right next to a Cobbler (this strip of the mall is snazzy!
), the Salon is adorned with classic barbershop chairs, a couple TVs showing news and sports, and welcoming stylists.
Colleen introduced herself and we assessed the best way to cut my hair as to not be too short, yet groomed nicely for the upcoming nuptials.
She was very friendly, skilled, and I thought she did a great job overall.
To top it off, the Spa uses straight razors to clean up your neckline, giving you that sharp look.
I asked for advice on product, and bought some American Crew defining paste.
A day before my wedding, I popped back into the Spa to get an extra neck trim from Sam.
I didn't really need it, but I liked knowing that I was as manscaped as possible - gotta look good for the photos.
For under $25, I will definitely come back here in the future.
See ya later chain store hair cuts!

Sunday morning, 1 person waiting and 1 person in the chair.
Asked Sam (the busy barber) how long the wait, after I let him know I had a Groupon, he said 1 1/2 hours.
I looked around, said OhhhhhhK.
He said he had folks that had put their name in, I said Ok, I will do the same, then, Sam (the busy barber) said, well I usually don't hold spots.
At that point I got up and told Sam (again, the busy barber) you know I think I will go elsewhere.
He then said, "OK I will take you".
At that point, I was prettying much done.
Wish them luck with the business, they are going to need it.
Poor customer service.

Sam is the man!
This is one of the more nicely appointed barbershops I've been to.
Everyone is super nice and good at what they do.
Sam is a stand-up guy and does everything he can to make sure all the customers at his barbershop are satisfied with their experience.
Highly recommended!

