munchies is very good .
but a bit pricy .
the owner is great and really funny nice guy .
go support the munchies.

There are several items on the menu that you can get at other locations in the area, but you can't get them tasting this good.
The Munchies has the best Philly Cheese Steak sandwich in Tempe.
Forget Corleones.
The pita bread is sooo soft and delicious that any sandwich served on it is amazing.
Try the Gyro or the Schwarma.
The Tsatziki sauce is made at the cafe, and is a wonderful compliment to any of the sandwiches.
The hummus is fresh and spiced well.
The owner, Mr. Al, is the most charismatic and personable business owner I have met in quite awhile.
He takes good care of his customers, and always has a kind word to pass along.
Eat at the Munchies Cafe!
It is delicious!

We stopped in Munchies on Saturday night after a few hours of bar hopping on Mill Avenue.
It was nearly 7 pm and we had been drinking for a few hours by that point, so food was critical.
Some in the group went next door to Slices and the other members of our party went to Munchies.
The menu is mainly Greek, but after four hours of drinking, I opted for a grilled cheese sandwich and french fries.
The fries were salty and delicious...I'm a huge french fry fan (it's my main unhealthy food guilty pleasure) and I would love these fries sober or intoxicated.
The grilled cheese was on pita bread which was interesting, but seriously can you really mess up grilled cheese?
I presume the gentleman working that evening was the owner and he was awesome.
Not only did he not care that the other members of our group brought in their pizza from Slices, but when we were leaving he insisted that we leave our trash on the table and told us he would take care of it.
He was very nice to our group and seemed like a very genuine owner that cares about customer service.
Plus I presume he is use to dealing with drunk people!
Munchies is probably a 3 normally, but I'm giving it four stars because the owner was so nice, the food served it's purpose, and it's a good option after hitting up the Mill Avenue bars.
I foresee future trips to Munchies in my future.

I don't know why Munchies is getting such high remarks, and I feel like Yelp has led me astray with this one.
I love Greek salads, and this was the absolute poorest excuse for a Greek salad I've ever had.
Iceberg lettuce, mushy tomato, mushy green peppers, cucumbers, and onions.
No feta cheese or olives to speak of... and this was a GREEK SALAD!
I'll admit, the pita bread was good, but honestly you guys, if you're looking for Mediterranean food on Mill, please walk like two blocks north and go to Med Fresh Grill instead.
Their Greek salad has never let me down.
(Two stars because the owner was actually really nice, his salad was just awful.

The chicken shwarma is quite good for the price, tucked into a large soft pita and filled with not greasy and better than average quality chicken.
The owner is indeed a real sweetheart.
You might want to get it "to go" because the seating isn't that great, but it's a good bang for your buck.
I'll try the gyros next!

First time ever eating here, got a Gyro Salad for lunch.
It's huge, only 6.95 and a great fast meal.
Other stuff looks iffy, so eat at your own risk!

Yum!
A little hole-in-the-wall dive that delivers!
Being from Michigan where Mediterranean food is commonplace, I was not expecting much.
Imagine my surprise to be delivered with one of the best chicken schwarma sandwiches I have ever had.
The chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned.
The pita bread was soft, fresh and could be enjoyed all alone.
The Tsatziki sauce was a pleasant surprise, although not needed.
Check out this great little spot when you are in town!

The first time I was in The Munchies I had no idea what to expect.
It must have shown on my face because the guy behind the counter (turned out to be the owner) helped me decide and recommended the gyro.
It was simply AMAZING.
The pita bread was soft, the meat was so tender, and the tzsatiki sauce that came on the side was fantastic.
I've been in many time since then and everything I've tried thus far was great.
The owner always recognizes me and makes me laugh!
Highly recommend to anyone!

IT was after 10, I just had many cheap drinks near by, so the apt name was in play.
I went in and they had me at falafel.
Which I got to go.
$4.50  It was prepared quickly and I was out the door.
I opned up my bag and found to my surprise a small container of Tiziki sauce.
I was a bit confused as tahini goes with falafel not Tiziki.
I unwrapped my pita and was greeted by a large falafel ball.
I dove in.
My first bit was decent the falafel was moist and slightly crisp, The Peta was fresh and the cabbage was nice, however it was dry with out the tahini.
They were open late and it my food came fast and it was decent, not the best by far or worst.
I would like to try this with tahini.
They had a combo but who would pay $2.50 more for just fries?

This is my favorite lunch spot in Tempe.
Off of Mill, this place is quite possibly the best kept secret!
Don't let the name fool you!
Walk in and you will feel like family.
Eat the food and you'll be craving it until the next time.
I'm a fan of their chicken entrees.
The chicken is so flavorful and tender.
It is a must!
Chicken Swarma...Oh my!
Super Tasty!
Chicken Philly...will make your taste buds tingle!
Great lunch specials and I hear it is quite the place to be during the late hours of the night.
Go there once, and you are guaranteed to be addicted!
I heart The Munchies!

Ok, so Marnie M, a friend and fellow Yelper has been trying to get me to try this place out for months!
I finally had her deliver to my desk a chicken swarma with hummus platter which comes with a beverage for about $6.50 ( maybe a buck more if Marnie actually delivers it for you).
I have to say that my next lunch break out of the office will have to be accompanying "the Dutchess" to see her second family over at Munchies.
I might actually have to add a final star because what I got back was beautifully seasoned chicken to a melting point on a pita with a side of garlic/yogurt sauce that was better than most tzatziki I've had.
I am hearing that they do a Philly Cheesesteak too that makes Cordeleone's have a run for their money!
Wait for my update!

Love Munchies!
Love Munchies!
Love Munchies!

Without exception, the BEST gyro I have ever tasted, anywhere!
Mine came "chock-full" of the most tender, flavorful, melt-in-your-mouth meat stacked and piled so elegantly, it seemed a shame to mess it up by eating it.
The Pita was busting at the seams trying to hold all this meat in!
My fries were made to perfection.
Crispy, (seemed to be double-fried?
), lightly salted, fluffy on the inside.
More than substantial portions served.
Well worth every cent.
You definitely get your money's worth here.
Plus, the most delightful, charming, friendly service from a husband and wife team who could be your own mom and dad.
Loved every minute of it!
Probably a good thing I don't live too close, or I would feast on a gyro here every damned day, IT'S THAT GOOD!

This is one of the most underrated places in Tempe.
I am a vegetarian and I love the falafel.
The family that owns this place is very nice and if you come enough times they will start remembering you and know what you want.
You can substitute fries for hummus and it is delicious.
I have never had falafel as good as this one.

Again, it is obvious that I love the food here, but I want to point out one of the main attractions:  The Gyro Bread.
It is soooo thick and fluffy!
So, so good.
Any sandwich on this bread is amazing:  Best Chicken Schwarma Best Gyro Best flat bread I have ever had  Love this place!

Great affordable daily lunch specials.
The food is always good, the location is great and service is quick.
The owners are really friendly.

Not sure I would come back here again!
I had gotten my food to go as I had to get back to work.
Before I even got to my car I realized they hadn't closed the to go box and my salad was almost completely dumped into the bag (all over the napkins, all over the silverware).
Very bummed considering I paid almost 10 dollars for it and a drink.
I tossed the half of my now plastic bag-salad away and tried to salvage what was left in the box.
I had gotten a chicken salad and the chicken slices were thin and partially burned.
The dressing was piled on super thick.
It was simply a plain ole chicken salad, not worth the price and trouble.

We walked up and saw that they had daily specials.
Great!
Didn't want Saturday's and were going to go next door, but finally decided to go in anyway.
As soon as we walked in the man told us we could have any daily special.
Perfect!
Good thing we stayed.
Gooood food and such nice people!
Excellent customer service and a fine price.
Place is on the dirty side, but if you just imagine that you're in New York then it kinda adds to the coolness of the experience.
We definitely recommend!

Whoever own this cafe are true capitalists.
Because only true capitalists would take advantage of the hungry and weak-willed and find zero problem with it.
That said, I willingly submit myself to this capitalist torture.
I mean, who wouldn't with their food?
The gyros (evidently said 'yee-rohs') here are phenomenal.
This is, however, said with my very limited experience.
I visited here around 1am and the food was spectacular.
I feel that I should note, however, that I was not in full control of my senses at the time.
Enjoyed my gyro, I know the guys with me enjoyed theirs.
They had a very interesting cucumber sauce to go with their french fries.
Loved it here, will be coming back.
Hopefully more able to appreciate this place.

You know, for $6.50, this place is damn good.
I got the Wednesday Lunch Special which included a giant gyro, a drink, and a side of hummus.
The portion was great for only 6 bucks, and it was delicious.
The meat was a tad on the greasy side for me, but other than that, two thumbs up.
I will be going back.

Great place, great falafels, nice warm pita, great hummus and decent fries.
The tzatziki yogurt sauce served with the falafels is awesome..Decently priced as well...

It is really time for another visit to The Munchies.
Gotta love a place that fresh preps everything possible, the owner serves up his fare with gusto and makes you want to try everything.
The Gyros are served on amazing pitas, not dry... perhaps al dente, with excellent fries on the side.
Chicken Schwarma is delicious, dolmades, and hummas cross my table often.
Everything I have tried in several visits is worth a repeat.
I enjoy introducing friends to my favorite spot in Tempe.
And you can stop by after everything else has closed... until 3 a.m. Really!

We went to see a concert at ASU, and we parked by the ASU music building.
Being fairly old folks, we couldn't just go to any old place.
And we wanted something new.
We had done some of the campus stuff already, and we were walking, so we limited ourselves to 6th st and south.
We decided to try Munchies, and we didn't know what to expect.
My wife for once had a beef item, and I had a chicken item (typically we are reversed on this).
The Shwarma that I had was outstanding, and the sauce I could tell was home made.
My wife said her sandwich was great too.
We appreciated the fact that the prices were low.
And we got just enough food to eat without having to "take it home", as we were going to be in a concert afterwards.
I came home and recommended this to my son (who is a full time student at ASU), and he plans to go there as they are open until the wee hours of the morning.
All in all, if you are looking for good greek type food, at very reasonable prices.
This is it.
Enjoy.

The Munchies is great!
The owners are so nice, I look forward to seeing them when I pick up my lunch.
I have only had the gyro here, but it's delicious!

Say Yeah for Munchies!!
Great Schwarma, great cheese steaks and fries.
When you just need a quick bite with tantalizing flavors prepared and served by a chef/owner who is totally committed to quality in everything he serves as well as a man whose well thought out opinions the world should pay more attention to, this is your spot.
Prices are well within reach of any student's budget and too low for most everyone else.
Go whenever you are in the Mill Ave. neighborhood at ASU and enjoy.

This place is a little hidden, I stumbled upon it whilst walking back to my car.
This place Gyro's are the bomb, it was fairly priced and the sauce was tasty!

It is rare for me to give two stars, and I was so disappointed with my food that I had to write a missive on it.
Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food - simple ingredients so not much you can do wrong.
Quite frankly, the worst tasting Chicken Shawarma I have ever tasted.
The chicken meat looked and tasted like it had come preboiled and prepackaged.
Flavorless, and not something I would expect from such an otherwise flavorful dish.
The shredded lettuce likely came from the same vendor McDonalds has, and I don't recall much else except the flavorless echo of a yogurt-based tzaziki.
Falafal is dried up and lack-luster, hummus is dressed up in Israeli fashion with Paprika - but otherwise uninspired.
This place is open late, every night of the week - and definitely caters to a younger un-discerning crowd that is inebriated and needing to fill their bellies with sustenance.
And the price is right at about $7-$8 for a meal with fries.
Come here if you are trying to avoid a bad hangover, but not if you want quality middle eastern food.

From NYC and I am kind of a harsh critic to restaurants outside my home town, but munchies has the best chicken shwarma in Arizona... Maybe the world!
Something special about this place, from the small business feel to the owners making you feel at home.
5.95 daily special!
I'm talking delicious food and the best deal in town.
Really want them to bring their delicious meals to NY.
Best restaurant in Tempe hands down.
Sit down, order the daily special, and enjoy the Munchies experience.

Yummy, tasty, friendly, and reasonably priced.
We really enjoyed eating here.

I come down to mill all the time but this was the first time i stumbled into Munchies.
The service was excellent.
The food was okay, but I didn't order much.
Its a definite must if you are down there.

Had my first munchies meal yesterday, and based on my meal I'll definitely be back.
First off the two people working there at the time were so friendly right when I walked, maybe it's because I work right across the street.
Either way I was greeted by the nicest woman at the counter and an equally nice man in the kitchen.
I ordered the the gyro with a 1/2 order of hummus and pita bread and a drink.
This would have been about 8 dollars but since I work across the street they gave me a discount.
The gyro was just out of this world.
Great meat, good pita, good tzatziki sauce.
The hummus was very average but I wasn't expecting gormet hummus so I wasn't disappointed.
Overall I would definitely give this place a try, especially if you are on a budget.
Daily specials are crazy good deals.
Entree (different monday-friday), a side (fries, hummus and pita bread or a greek salad) and a drink for 6 bucks!
With the gyro being the Wednesday special, you better believe I'll be back on Wednesdays when I'm working.

Amazing food!!
Best chicken shawarma hands down.
I have been coming here for years and have tried just about everything on the menu.
I have never been disappointed.

Having been comprehensively disappointed by Munchies neighbor Slices (http://www.yelp.com/biz/slices-pizza-tempe), I was hoping for something a bit different when I walked into The Munchies Cafe.
While it didn't blow me a way, and it was certainly different and not half bad.
Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?
So it's who knows how early in the morning, you're of questionable sobriety, and you've embarked on a quest to obtain some form of sustenance to get you through an evening of future mistakes before you can sit down in the morning and contemplate where it all went wrong.
Congratulations!
Fortunately, you will find a bit of reprieve here at The Munchies Cafe.
Service is extraordinary, and you'll receive an ear to chat if you want and fast service if you don't.
Well done.
Star Granted.
Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?
Woah wait.
What's this?
Somewhat authentic looking kebabs?
While it's nothing compared to the brilliance that I became accustomed to in Europe and Australia, at least they've got the prices right here at Munchies.
I landed this bad boy for under $6:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UT8nc7yZ1BjkivrYXuSeHw&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg  That's fair, and fair makes me a happy camper.
Star Granted.
Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?
Great?
Nah, but certainly not bad, and ages better than the pizza you get next door.
This was a pretty standard bare bones kebab (appeared to be a hybrid of turkish style and a greek gyro), and I didn't dislike it one bit.
Throw some shredded lettuce, banana peppers, chili and garlic yogurt sauce into the mix and you'd be looking at something pretty damn close to authentic!
Single Star Granted.
Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?
I can't say I would, but this is worth it if you're in the area late-night.
No Star Granted.

I can't say enough great things about this place!
No matter what you order you will not be disappointed.
They have the best falafel in the whole valley and the hummus is to die for!
The staff is very friendly and they let you know you are appreciated for your patronage.
When you're on Mill Avenue it is a must have experience!

First and foremost, this is drunk food at its finest.
Once upon a time in CO Springs I sauntered into a similar locale, discovered the wonder that is gyros, and promptly forgot where I had been the next morning.
Years passed and I tried to find a substitute  to no avail.
One day I happened into Munchies.
Two bites in, I cried.
Now I can barely go a few nights out without dragging my friends in so I can get my fix.
The real test was one sober afternoon when the hunger hit.
I was in the area and figured I would chance ruining the place for myself by eating un-enhanced.
And it was still just shy of transcendental for such reasonable prices.
Good, cheap (for the area) food and the staff are always friendly.

A couple weeks ago I tried their Grilled Chicken Salad and now I'm hooked.
I work nearby and it's a quick walk over to pick up something to go.
I went again last week and it was just as delicious.
They marinate the chicken for 48 hours then grill it and add spices.
I'm on a diet and love this salad because you can eat it without any dressing, the chicken is so good.
They put a ton of chicken on it and it also comes with a warm pita and a couple of different sauces.
I highly recommend it!

Oh Munchies, I had such high hopes for you.
I mean, okay, I didn't expect the best food ever, just something to help with those late night gyro cravings.
And honestly?
The gyro I got was okay.
In fact, what I had a problem with wasn't the food or the customer service I got, but the mistreatment of one of my fellow customers that left a bad taste in my mouth (hypothetical bad taste, that is.
Because.
Okay.
I was eating a decent gyro.
It's hard to truly have a bad taste in that situation).
The other customer came in and from her place in line started demanding they switch out her Philly for a chicken Philly.
I will say, I would have totally understood if the guy behind the counter had chosen to refuse to serve her and just kicked her out due to her behavior, but that isn't what he did.
Instead, he refused to remake her sandwich for free, despite the fact that the two sandwiches are the same price, and made her pay for a second one because he apparently made a mistake when she placed her original order.
I'm sad to say that, due to counter guy's behavior, I sincerely doubt I'll ever be back.
Meh late night food is one thing, but bad customer service definitely outranks late night, post drinking cravings.

Excellent service, reasonable prices, very tasty food, great portions.
There's nothing not to like about this place.
It's a greasy spoon, but that's what you expect.
Drunk food at its finest.

they raised their prices by a dollar and half.
nothing special for late night greek food.

LOVE this place!
Best Mediterranean food around, specials every day.
Owners are extremely nice and generous.
Recommend the chicken shawarma deal on thursdays!
Comes with shawarma, side (fries, half hummus) and a drink for 5.95.
What a steal.

I study at Brickyard which is ASU's Engineering school just next on Mill Ave.
This is the place where I mostly go for lunch.
It's cheap and not too heavy on calories unlike the other options for junk food.
Unlike other reviews, I never had any bad experiences with the staff.
I know one of the staff, she works late night and knows my choices really well.

Big fan of Munchies.
Salty, greasy Greek food between 5 - 10 dollars for a meal.
Good daily lunch specials.
Be careful on your way back from Mill, as the price hike between 6pm and 2am is noticeable the next morning.

This is one of the few places that I can count on to be a great meal every time.
The chicken shwarma  is the best around.
The great food along with great owners...  Ale.
This place is perfect!

Great nom noms in my tom toms.
I got the gyro.
It was loaded with meat and very delicious.
Not like some places where the meat is dry and lacking in flavor.
One of the best gyros I've had.
Added plus, its a small, locally owned business and the owners are quite friendly.

small hole in the wall quick food for the drunken hordes that creep around mill at night.
or a quick bite during the day.
i like the falafels here better than at pita pit.
service was hospitable.
I'll return.

The Munchies Cafe is one of my go-to places for lunch.
It's cheap (especially if you get the lunch special, which is a gyro, fries and a drink on Wednesday), quick, and the staff is very nice!
I think it's usually the owners working when I stop in, and they're very friendly.
I love frequenting family-owned and operated restaurants like this, and the food is also really good!

Best place to get lunch on Mill Ave.
When I worked in Tempe, I ate there 3 or 4 times a week.
The daily special includes a sandwich, with your choice of salad, French fries or hummus and a drink for just $6.50 including tax.
And the owners are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet.

Popped in from TX and saw this place on yelp for a great late night bite.
We had the gyro and philly and both were great and hit the spot.
The taziki sauce was perfect.
The staff was awesome and so excited we came in to try the place out.
We will definitely be back.

Drunk and Hungry from Colorado.
My friend and I stumbled into this Greek place after a night of drinking, and they didn't disappoint.
They recommended the chicken gyro, and it was delicious!
We went back the next night, and they gave us a free gyro because they remembered us (probably not the norm)!
The seating in the restaurant is the only bad part, not enough, and uncomfortable.
Overall, to satisfy a late night hunger, this place is perfect.

