Airport concession stands are notorious for taking advantage of their clients.
They know they have a captive market and the people being held prisoner by TSA cannot leave the terminal easily to get real food.
So they serve the cheapest, highest profit margin food that is barely edible but good enough so the health department isn't called in daily.
However a new trend has developed because of this....main stream restaurants are now opening up storefronts at the terminal serving excellent food and catering to the demand of the passengers because the airlines have stopped serving food in coach.
ASAP California Pizza Kitchen is one of these new storefronts and is EXCELLENT.
I had the grilled BBQ chicken salad.
On a bed of lettuce were chuncks of BBQ chicken, diced tomatoes, corn, black beans, onion, lots of thin tortilla strip chips.
Overall a very tasty meal.
I also noticed the sandwiches which were served on focaccia type of bread.
People around me eating them were very pleased with the quality.
In addition, the flight attendants on board the plane highly recommended ASAP.
They especially liked the Oriental Chicken Salad.
Overall 4 solid stars for a great airline meal to go place.

Yeah, you're in an airport.
Yeah, you're a captive audience.
No, you don't need to eat a hamburger.
This is America's friendliest airport (they told me so on the brochure) and there are a few decent options in the various wings of the terminal.
This isn't the usual sit-down restaurant place, but more of a fast food counter serving their usual pizzas.
Takes a few minutes, but you'll get fresh and tasty pizza and you won't be disappointed.
I mean, you're in an airport.

I've been excited to see many of my favorite chain restaurants developing "express" concepts for airports over the past few years.
When I saw this ASAP California Pizza Kitchen, it was a welcome sight among throngs of awful airport concession stands.
Do not be fooled.
The food from this place barely resembles California Pizza Kitchen items.
I would have rather gone to a Pizza Hut Express had I known what I was about to get.
Skip this one.
Go to "Chili's Too"  :)

Love this place!
Definitely some of the best airport food I've ever had.
The pizza selections are awesome and the wait is not bad.
If you've got a US Airways flight and are looking for a bite to eat, check this place out!

Nothin' special..just a good option when looking for a place to eat in the airport.
I was feeling cheap and not that hungry when I decided to stop in here, and went for their soup ($5ish).
A generous, hot serviing of Soutwest tortilla soup hit the spot and carried me over on my trip.

Horrible customer service and takes 20 for a pizza that was made wrong!!!

This is about the saddest little kiosk I've ever seen.
Stranded in PHX, three hours on the way to Cabo, and four hours back, I had enough time to browse four gates of culinary options.
Although there was one CPK ASAP that actually served pizza, there were a few that were downright pathetic, so small they only housed a fridge stocked with drinks and salad.
Isn't serving pizza the whole point?
Apparently not always.
My girlfriend and I did have pizza at the CPKASAP that served pizza.
There was a bit of a wait, the seating area was pretty dinky, and the pizza, aside from the BBQ chicken toppings, tasted to me just a half step up from Pizza Hut, which also infests this airport.
Sure, beggars can't be choosers, and with limited options, CPK may be as good a bet as any.
But it may do yourself some good to keep your expectations very, very low.

Pizza for breakfast!
Hooray!
Guy at the counter was very friendly.
A nice thing to see when you're on an early morning layover.
Had a Margherita... it wasn't the usual CPK quality, but it was TONS better than any other pizza that you can usually get at the airport.
I won't say that this is definitely where I'd eat if I were at PHX again, but I wouldn't rule it out.

Have again: The Cobb salad take-out was surprisingly good.
Great for a lunch on the plane.

Wow, so this place sucks..even WITH a handicap for being airport food.
Here is why:  1.
Only has 1 cooler with salads and sandwiches + a variety of sodas and water 2.
It is ultra expensive and is about the size of my closet.
My Cobb salad lettuce appeared to be unwashed 4.
The bleu cheese crumbles had melded together into a lumpy ball that I could literally lift with my fork.
Helpful tip: Do not fall pray to this CPK kiosk.
Eat BEFORE you pass through the security line!

Have again: 3 stars for the Cobb salad, which was a great carry-on.
Not have again:  margherita pizza was too plain.

Well....it is what you can expect from airport food.
Not that great but not terrible.
All I wanted was a simple sandwhich to take on the plane with me.
This airport does not have the best in choices, Starbucks, Wendys, Pizza Hut, etc.
This little place is literally a kiosk in terminal C.  It is good if you are in a rush and just want something cold for later.

I should have known better than to order breakfast at a pizza joint.
Burrito was cold and had egg shell pieces.
They had a big pan of scrambled eggs that they scoop eggs out of and reheat.
Should have waited until Las Vegas to eat.

When you order two pizza at the same time and they are given to you at one time with one undercooked and one overlooked, that takes talent.
This place has talent.
I love CPK, but need food to be consistently well prepared.

I had already seen the reviews and known this place would not be the same quality as the usual CPK's.
But a 7  minute wait for the Works pizza is not bad.
The other options at the airport didn't look too appetizing to me in the limited amt of time I had.
Taste was more like the usual pizzas you could get at the usual lower quality pizza chains, so I didn't feel like it was worth the money I was shelling out for this versus other fast food places.
Pizza also looked a little overcooked.
But I two stars since it didn't taste bad, wait was fast, and people at the counter were nice.

