Are you Fucking kidding me!
You did NOT leave a disconnect notice on my fence for a non payment of $49.57.
Hold it, let me check that again.
Oh yes you did!
For a mere $49.50 are you kidding me!?
You Mother Fuckers!
I Fucking hate you!
I'm sorry I didn't get your Damn bill ...
I practiclly never pickup my mail because all my bills BUT yours are auto paid.
My mailbox is nothing but a heaping pile of junk mail and your F'n bill.
And no I'm not going to let you automatically deduct from my account.
I don't trust you, not even a little.
And no I'm not giving you my e-mail address.
I have no doubt you'd sell it to some spammer in Burma for a penny!
And no I am not calling your B.S.
payment line in India and then call you back with my payment confrimation number!
You can go to Hell!
You'll get your damn $49.57 when Wells Fargo get it to you, you bastards!
And if it weren't for Yelp!
I'd proabaly go off the Damn grid just to spite you Fuckers!
Assholes!

I really hate this company - someday there will be competition on the grid, and awful for-profit monopolies like this dinosaur will die a quick death.
I switched banks, so there were two months where the autopayment I had set up with the old bank bounced because I hadn't yet set it up with new bank.
An oversight that was my fault, to be sure, but as punishment they started making me pay with cash in a machine at the local Circle K for one full year.
I appealed, and after speaking up the chain through two levels of supervisor over the course of an hour, they agreed to give me a second chance, though required a $350 deposit.
FU.

I just bought a home in Arizona...  Nobody is living in the house.
First three month's bill are 100, 98, and 120...
The house is freakin empty with nothing in it, and that's the bill?
Turns out those are just the fees.
Only about 10-15 bucks of actual usage.
I think its time for politics to step in and regulate this company for grossly overbilling its customers.

You turned off my utilities by accident at my current resident when you were supposed to turn off utilities at a different address I informed you off..then it takes you 12 hrs to turn it back on..while my wife and 4 month old baby have no electricity  and all the food has gone bad..no way of getting a hold of her while I am at work cuz her phone won't charge.

I just moved to Phoenix from Chicago and I've also lived in Lexington Ky this is the first time I've seen so many superfluous charges on my electric bill.
If you subtract the $28 to install (when power was already on btw) my fees add up to $50 and my actual electric usage was $30 for the month of december.
I've never seen a delivery charge for electric in my life (gas yes, but that makes sense).
This delivery charge was divided into 2 segments one being $17 and the other $6.
I hope someone can tell me that SRP doesn't have this kind of fees as we are most likely moving to Mesa.

APS sucks.
Just moved to Phoenix from Mesa where I had SRP.
I can't believe all of the crazy fees APS tacks on.
They are way more expensive than SRP.
They spend 1 million per year for weatherization programs.
That's our money they're using.
I would rather my money stay in my pocket than pay for all of their ridiculous programs, advertising, and events.
JERKS!
Cut back APS, and save us some money.

Okay so I assumed that if there's only 2 electric companies in a city and you don't have a choice which one you get with your residence, there wouldn't be much of a difference in service.
Well.
I guess I'm a fool.
I've been with SRP since I moved out on my own and I didn't love it because I was paying for a necessity but whatever.
Responsibilities as an adult, right?
Then I move to this place that happened to be in a small pocket in Tempe controlled by APS and BAM my electric bill went from $30/mo to $75.
Well that's strange, maybe it's just some startup fees/deposit and I guess I accidentally left the heater on all day a few times.
Oh, just kidding, I have SIXTY DOLLARS OF FEES.
My actual electricity usage?
$15.
This is absolutely ridiculous.
I'm sure my neighbors think they're living next to a psycho now, because you should've heard the tantrum I threw (assumption could also be due to me being alone most of the day, talking and singing to myself rather loudly, but lets disregard that fact).
Sweet, fee-less SRP, I can't believe I took you for granted.
If I could, I would break my lease over this just to move back to you.
Now I know why you're supposed to ask what electric company is used before you move into a place.
(Very expensive) lesson learned.
Once I'm out of here, APS is never going to see a penny from me again.
Doesn't matter that my actual electricity service is fine (the 1 star), but the fees are just plain unfair and bad business practice.
I can't believe they're still around.

APS is a very bad company.
The default, tiered usage plan will have inexperienced consumers spending 6 times the normal price, per kWh.
They use a 3rd party CC billing company because they're too cheap to process CC cards - kind of sucks if you're forced to pay with an international CC that won't work for online payments due to the fact that the billing address is foreign and doesn't have a zip code because their offices won't accept CC payment in person.
I own a house in Las Vegas and have NEVER had any of the issues that I have had with this horrible company that I am forced to use.
I will be terminating my lease upon it's expiration and the primary feature for my new rental will be that the house is in an SRP area.
APS is a very bad company and I will be happy to never deal with them again.

This company is garbage.
I run a tight shift on my money and know how much I have at all times.
They allowed my money to sit in a none existing account with out saying anything and tried billing me again for a different account.
I'm sorry that's called STEALING.
Glad that the employes of this hole can go to bed at night and be okay with that.
You all disgust me.

APS is a piece of crap.
Charging me 3 days at house I never lived in.
The moron Jason received our transfer to moved, and put the wrong address in.
Stupid monkey talked to a supervisor Pat?
and she didn't do nothing.
I wish SRP services this area im in.
One day hopefully.

APS has the most incompetent customer service.
Their service compared to SPR is so much more expensive!!!!
I am talking $40 compared to APS's $120+ bill.
It's been since January 2013 that we moved out and we have still NOT received our deposit back!!!
And it's already end of March!!!
Every time you call, the story is different with each representative.
"Oh, it went out yesterday!
" "Oh, it actually takes 3 weeks to be released..." "Oh, ...." Avoid making a deposit at all cost!
They charge through roof and I am almost suspicious their meter numbers are reported wrong because one month that we lived there and we were on vacation for most of the month, turned eveything off and didn't use heat or A/C, the bill was still high as if we used electricity every day...
Nothing makes sense with them.
THEY SUCK.
Choose SRP ONLY!
Their customer is the best and their rates are very appropriate.

I just got my first bill.
My total amount in fees is $23.61.
I must also say that the fact that I had to drive downtown to show them my I.d.
And lease before they would turn on my electricity was pretty annoying.
Could I have just faxed it to them or emailed it to them?
Nope, I had to show up in person.
What a pain in the ass!

If I could give this company no stars I would.
APS has no idea what customer service is or how to take care of its loyal customers.
After being on hold for more 30 min and getting no help I was put on hold for another 20 min to have to call back on Monday because the department I needed to speak to closed while I was holding an hour.
I truly believe that its an injustice that I can only get my power from them.
Something needs to be done.
This company uses it monopoly status to bully its customers.
This company is horrible.

Worst company of all time.
A private electric company would put this disgrace of a company out of business in a matter of days.
I am writing in to the better business beauro.
I can only hope that somehow this company crashes and burns.

This is a no star company, once a monopoly but no more, now you have solar as an alternative at least for the moment.
APS is secretely funding anti solar commercials, TV and print and using a fat, ugly lobbyist, Chris May, to be their mouthpiece.
TV commercials picture one neighbor against the other , insinuating the neighbor without solar pays for his next door neighbors electricty.
Tell APS's Prosper and 60 plus campaigns to go back to the dark hole they climbed out of and shine some light on their true source of their monetary backers.
APS will go the way of landline phone companies.
They need to change with the future instead of using lobbyists to try and protect their dinosaur way of having a monopoly on electricity produced by nuclear, coal and oil.
Solar is the future, inexpensive and clean.

This company is a bully.
Abusing their power and policy.
You guys need to do some changes.
We had issue with our account and couldn't pay it get the phone.
Customer service rep was horrible.
Didn't help.
I have money on the account and can't Ben pay online,debit card, or credit card.
Must be cash.
Fine.
We went to kiosk same thing aps placed account into collections.
I have money sitting in my account and can't even pay and rep tell me I need to pay at kiosk but can't.
Told to wait until Monday morning but the Shut Off is possible and scheduled.
A.G.
Needs to look this company up and APS be shamed of yourselves.
You need to change your board and senior management.
This is abuse and inconvenient.

I'm a hesitant landlord with property in AZ that I couldn't sell because I'm underwater.
The tenant moved out.
I tried activating the power service online and APS want to charge me a deposit of $275.
So, I called the next day instead.
Since it is a Friday, they said they won't turn on my electric until Monday (next business day).
To turn it on same day would mean another charge of $75.
That plus the $25 activation charge would run me $100.
I'm paying two mortgages so I can't afford charges like this from APS.
That is just customer gouging.

This is the most unethical company.
They have the WORST customer service and because we HAVE to use them, they treat us that way.
They should be ashamed of themselves.
We NEED a competitor to come in and shake it up.
When there is only ONE baker in town, everyone eats stale bread.

Worst company ever!
They won't work with the customer and they are always trying to find a way to charge extra fees or shut the service off.
They don't care about their customers only the money.
Their payment system is bad and they won't give the customers options unless you love in one of the big cities.
I wish I could fire them or dump them.
We need another power company!

