Desert Mountain High School is a fairly new High School(11 or 12 years old) that serves the Northeast part of Scottsdale.
Generally students come from the area enclosed by the 101, Frank Lloyd Wright, and Indian Bend.
Roughly... Students west of the 101 would attend Chapparal.
Students South of Indian Bend would attend Sagauro.
For a public High School, DMHS has some excellent academic opportunities to offer.
There is a highly rigorous internation baccalaureate program that requires students to take two years of college-level work.
This program also requires students to take more lab science, language, and history than students would normally be required.
This program mostly has excellent teachers.
Being an IB teachers is generally more work than being a non-IB teacher for no extra pay.
As a result, the teachers tend to be those who most care about their students welfare.
Additionally, the teachers are often older, more experienced instructors.
Students in that program feel that they are best prepared for college by the high level of analytical reasoning required, and the emphasis on essay writing as a means of expressing ideas.
The school also offers a number of AP classes targeted at advanced students who do not choose to pursue an IB diploma.
This program, well less cohesive than the IB program, does offer students more freedom to design their own schedule and choose their own classes.
The AP program is also very strong, and some of the school's top-10 students will typically come from the AP program.
Many people will say that their is no difference in the academic level of the two programs, only in their style.
I don't subscribe to this notion.
I believe that the IB program generally attracts the most driven and most academically serious students.
As a result, the level of discourse in the IB program tends to be higher than that of AP.
This is not to say that IB is always better than AP, but I believe that is the case at Desert Mountain.
While I am very happy with academics, there are some other aspects of the school that I dislike.
The food in the cafeteria is attrocious, and not particularly inexpensive.
Any private contractor could sell better food for less money.
I suppose this is a problem of all public schools, but it does not make it any more tolerable.
Additionally, their is not a strong sense of school pride.
Without a good football team to rally around, their is very little sense of enthusiasm for the athletics.
Some of our other athletic teams have been very successful, including boys and girls golf, boys and girls swimming, and boys basketball.
However, these sports do not evoke the same sense of pride that football does.
Finally, DMHS has a reputation for being a "mall school" with spoiled boys and girls who drive expensive cars, and don't work very hard.
This reputation is not entirely innacurate.
Their are many of those types of people, and the value of the cars in our parking lot always seems to be just a little too high.
What girl deserves a BMW 325i for her 16th birthday?
The reality is, that well prominent, that culture does not dominate the school.
With such a large student body (2600) it is always possible to find someone interesting and friendly.
I give the school 4 stars out of five because of the quality of the academics.
There are very few public high school's of this calibre in the nation, let alone Arizona.
I take off one star because of the lack of school unity, and the horrible food!
But at the end of the day, I can find food and social activities elsewhere, school is about education.
And education is king at DMHS.
Note: I did not cover the non-accelerated level courses or any special programs such as special-ed or ESL, because I have not covered them.

It smells like cigarets and beef jerky and the security guards here are mean

This review is of their football stadium, which is modern and average size.
It's tucked away in the Southern part of the campus.
The walk to/from the parking lot is pretty far, and you might have to cut across some desert to create a shortcut.
I don't know why they just don't create a pathway through it.
The visitor's seating is larger than most visitors sections in other schools in the Valley.
The field is well kept.
Our son says it's one of the best kept fields he plays on.
The sound system and AV during the game is pretty good.
Parking is tough....great parking spaces, but if it's a big game with a lot of people in attendance, plan to get stuck getting out of the lot.
It's like going to a Cardinals game....will take you a while to get out.
The nice facilities will bring us back.
Return Factor - 80%

