I like "Old Style" Vegas.
The S.F.
Shrimp Bar and Deli can not get more "old Style.
" Shrimp cocktail for $.99 - it does not get better than that.
Crab cocktail for $.99.
once again.
Each comes in an old fashioned ice cream dish with a glop of spicey sauce.
Each comes with two packs of genuine saltine crackers.
The really great thing is live piano music for your enjoyment while you are dining.
"Old Style" piano music played by older musicians that are glad to have a place for people to enjoy their talent.
The deli serves up some typical deli sandwiches with San Francisco names - the "Cable Car" etc, and they have a selection of iced beer and other drinks to go along with the fine shrimp.
Totally "Old School" - totally worth your time....

I always make a point to stop by Shrimp Bar & Deli at the Golden Gate for a shrimp cocktail (or two) and a French dip sandwich before we leave Vegas.
Plus, I'm usually broke by then and a $10 meal is much needed.
Do: Order either the Big Shimp Cocktail or a couple of the regular ones.
Don't: Order the combo one with krab - it's no good.
Do: Order a French Dip or the Gold Rush sandwich.
Don't: Order the Gold Rush with the au jus already on it, get it on the side.
Do: Listen politely to the piano player.
Don't: Try and play the piano.
The folks at the counter get mighty upset.
Thumbs Up: -Cheap!
-Live entertainment!
-Tasty!
Thumbs Down: -Long lines and sometimes no seating.
-A greasy French dip isn't the best thing to have directly before a four hour drive home.

Had my first shrimp cocktail here over 25 years ago.
They're still just as good, or better, and they are still served in exactly the same way.
There's always a long line, but that just tells you that it's a good place to eat.
I hope they never change a thing.
BIG FAN of everything in the Golden Gate !
Love it.

AWESOME!
AWESOME!
AWESOME!
The shrimp cocktail is absolutely phenomenal.
It's only $1.99 ($.99 with a player's card) and it's totally worth $99.
The shrimp is fresh and tasty and the sauce is tangy and has a kick to it that only horseradish and wasabi gives.
Complement that with some salty crackers, lemon juice, and you have the best snack in Vegas!
It'll give you enough fuel to win some money on the tables before you go out and eat the $7.99 prime rib.
Ahh VEGAS!

My husband went here for a french dip while the rest of us were lost on Fremont Street.
Luckily, he let us all taste it before devouring it himself.
It was so good, we decided to come back on our last night.
Which happened to be a Monday, the line was long and stayed that way.
I had the 49er and it was delicious.
We ordered two more french dips as well.
It was great and the price is awesome.
I am not one for shrimp but by the looks of it people love it.
There was continuous slew of empty sundae glasses (which the shrimp cocktail is served in) being cleared from tables.
Go here, its worth it.
The atmosphere is classic Vegas.
No trendy crowd or hoochies here.
Just good times.

The Best Tail in Town !!!!!
come get your Shrimp on, Damn Tasty Shrimp Cocktails here !!!
and only .99 if you get a players card otherwise they are 1.99, and that still a damn good deal   the Deli has some good Clam Chowder, and the Pastrami Sandwich is tasty as hell also  good place to get a quick bite to eat

Famous $1 shrimp cocktail (You gotta sign up at their Comp Club since it's $0.99 as a member now and $1.99 if not a member.
)  How can you have fun at this place?
Easy!
Going nom, nom, nom, nom, nom while your girlfriend who hates shrimp watches in disgust!

$1.99 shrimp cocktails!
My drunken mission to get shrimp cocktail led me here.
I was not disappointed one bit!

I dont know about you, but this San Franciscan is so  NOT ordering a 99 cent shrimp cocktail in the middle of the desert!
I will however, order a massive crazy breakfast selection around noon on my last day in vegas.
The ladies in here are super sweet!
We sat at the cafe/deli bar, and 2 ladies were seriously handling the whole place.
they must have refilled my coffee 8 times in the course of a half hour.
The breakfast is delish and what you would expect.
then the check comes, for two, $12???
yes people.
I gave the lady 30% tip and she was stoked.
Later we walked through the casino and all of the dealers were really friendly, asking you to come sit and play.
And they have $5 craps, which is hard to find on the strip, PALMS minimum is $10.
Will be back here for sure!

Still just 99¢  Yeah, you gotta sign up for a club card, and that uses up about 2 minutes of your vacation but it's only 99¢ for lunch, and it's enough to be filling without getting stuffed.
Add on a beer for 350¢, or a soda for much less.
Water is probably still free, but how cheap can you be?
And when you're done, you can do a review using the ¢ symbol in every paragraph.
It's good too.
I mean tasty good, but that's just my 2¢ worth.

How can you not like this place?
Even if you aren't a fan of the shrimp cocktails, you can still get a pretty awesome sandwich.
The shrimp cocktails here are good because you get the whole tulip glass full of shrimp.
No lettuce, onions, or other filler they use elsewhere.
I"m not sure about the hours of this place.
I've been all hours of the day, but last time I got there around 2AM and they were closed.
Might be my bad luck to show up during their monthly cleaning night or maybe they've had to cut back on hours like a lot of other places recently.

This is still a great place to get a quick bite to eat.
Do not be intimidated by the long lines.
These people are pros and can get people in and out of line fast.
They are famous for their delicious shrimp cocktail, which anyone who plays even a little can easily get as a comp.
The rest of their menu is pretty good too.
I keep telling myself I'm only going to get a sandwich or bowl of chili, but each time I find myself adding a shrimp cocktail to my order.
On this visit, the guy making sandwiches looked new since he kept having to look at the menu to make sure he was putting everything he was supposed to on the sandwich.
It still turned out to be one of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time.
One thing to note: water is not free here.
A cup of water is $1 or you can buy a bottle of water which I think is also $1.
The only bottles they have are the same ones you get from the cocktail waitresses; the small bottles.
Just splurge and get a soda or a bottle of SOBE.
They don't charge that much for them and you're already getting a deal on the food.
They even have cheap bottles of beer that go great with the shrimp.
There was a sign up saying that the original shrimp cocktail will soon be $1.99 even for club members, but that members could get 99 cents price for one club point.
Not a big deal for me since I usually play a little each visit.
One club point is one dollar coin in meaning that if you put a dollar in a slot machine and lose it, you get a point.
If you get lucky and turn that dollar into $1000, you still get a point.
So worst case scenario you are still just paying the regular $1.99 price.
Still a great deal.

Where else can you get a quality shrimp cocktail for 99 cents and a Guinness for $3 *inside* a casino in Vegas?!?!?!!?
Need I say more?
Oh wait, I will... great dancers shake their money maker between the tables looking down on you as you bet your wallet away.

I'm so disappointed!
I went here for the famous 99 cent shrimp cocktail and it's now $1.99!
However, it's still a bomb-diggity shrimp cocktail!
It's served in a large glass parfait glass (not plastic or styrofoam) and they don't fill it with ice or bay shrimp, just medium-sized shrimp and spicy cocktail sauce.
Not bad ...

Shrimp cocktail not great but a Vegas tradition I have to have 1 every time I go there you can buy the smaller size shrimp or the bigger shrimp that are a little more $ I think $3 and they taste a little better long line no worries I have never had to wait more than 5 minuets in even the longest of lines here this is as much of a must do as is the Fremont St experience

Shrimp Cocktail.
Cheap and good.
Beef Dip, plain but GOOD.
Seriously, I love coming here for snacks.
Their sandwiches are also really good and fresh.

$1.99 SHRIMP COCKTAIL!!!!
That really covers it!
I've been going here since I was a youngin' and couldn't enjoy Vegas beyond the sights and the food my parents took me to.
This being one of them!
Cant go wrong with the cheap shrimp cocktail here, served up in an old soda fountain sundae glass; jam packed with shrimp smothered in cocktail sauce.
Its a shrimp sundae of goodness!

One year later, 100¢ more...  Can anyone really be upset about the famous 99¢ shrimp cocktail going up to $1.99?
It's still a very tasty, light meal for only 2 bucks.
Other than the obvious reason for raising the price, let's look at the other reasons they needed to raise the price.
Kids today don't even know what a "¢" symbol is.
It might as well be an early Egyptian hieroglyph.
The Egyptians aren't known for shrimp cocktails.
The "¢" is not on keyboards or smartphones.
I need to track all my Las Vegas activities on Facebook, in case of an alcohol related blackout.
What would I think if I missed a decimal and awoke the next morning thinking I ate a $99 shrimp cocktail?
99¢ shrimp cocktail just *sounds* cool.
The San Francisco Shrimp Bar and Deli isn't that cool.
Sure it's old-school downtown, but now they have dancing girls in the blackjack pit with loud music.
Beer isn't served in the deli anymore either.
Simply not cool.
Why stick with a price that makes you think differently?
Sooner or later, people were going to question where all these 99¢ shrimps were coming from.
It's the middle of the desert!
Tell me, how do they get here so cheaply, and can I car pool with them to save a buck?
They could easily sell this stuff for $6 on the strip, or $4 downtown.
It's really good.
It just isn't as cool or as exciting when you know the next time you review the place, you won't be able to use the ¢ sign in every paragraph.

tasty, inexpensive shrimp cocktails!
always fresh tasting and cold!
I've also had their homemade Yukon potato chips, pretty tasty.
i think they offer beers here and a few unmentionable menu items, come for the shrimp cocktail and move on  1.99 regular shrimp cocktail or 2.99 for a large

How do these tiny shrimps swim all the way to the desert?
Are these real shrimps?
Is this the best deal in downtown for a tasty treat?
If I win a hundred dollars on the tables I'm treating all my friends to a feast of sea creatures.
Thousands and thousands of shrimps shall perish at our hands.

This is the best shrimp cocktail in town.
Their other food is also amazing (I had the clam chowder and many of their sandwiches).
It's a great place for a lunch break and at very reasonable prices.

Best tail in town??
?Meh, its a-ok...Its now called Du-Pars Deli....we popped back in and saw people with 4,5,6 glasses of the ever so popular $1.99 Shrimp Cocktail, so we did like the tourists do and got in line.
While waiting, a couple of ladies were nice enough to hand us vouchers for free shrimp cocktails...Its really about quantity, not quality here, but at least we can now say "been there, done that....ALOHA!!

I enjoyed the novelty of getting my mercury on for $3 in a big cup.
The shrimp were of poor quality - of that I am sure - but love the concept and they tasted decent.

The ocean's roaches with lemon and tabasco: Pretty damned tasty!

Other food is served here, but most people come for the shrimp cocktail.
It may not be the greatest you ever ate, but it certainly is a great value.
The sundae  glass is full to the brim with shrimp, not half or 3/4 full of chopped celery or lettuce as with other places.
The shrimp in the $1.99 version are small but far from the tiniest I've seen, and they taste good.
The cocktail made with the larger shrimp now costs $3.99, but I choose the little ones.
You can get extra cocktail sauce, saltines, Tabasco sauce, and lemon if you like.
Under 21 are not allowed in this shrimp bar/deli in the Golden Gate Casino.
Only soft drinks are available, no complimentary water is served, and the water fountain that used to be nearby has been removed.
If you want a brew or two with your food, stop by the bar first; it's just a few feet from the entrance to the shrimp bar.

Only $1.99 for an old fashioned icecream glass full of delicious shrimp?!
Need I really say more?

Awesome shrimp cocktails but horrible sandwiches

best shrimp cocktails on or near the strip.
i love the old dirty feel of this place its old world vegas

Great Great Great!
Have been going to the GG for shrimp cocktail for years and years.
It's always the same... great.
The shrimps aren't huge, but this is by far the best cocktail sauce.
The perfect combination of cold shrimp, cold sauce, a squeeze of lemon, and some crackers  for the dippin'.
At $1.99... this is a no brainer.
You can't go downtown without going for the Golden Gate shrimp cocktail.
And their homemade potato chips are pretty damn good too.
Play a little in the pit and the pit bosses will happily give you coupons for the shrimp.
ENJOY!

We had to do the $1.99 shrimp deal.
For our tastes, it was fairly marginal, but for that price, it was ok.
I had to have at least two servings even though the shrimp seemed to be out of a box of pre-prepared & fairly small shrimp.

I gave this place 5 stars not because the food is anything special but because everyone should come try out the infamous shrimp cocktail.
It's either $1 or free and a decent sized snack.
While you're here you should checkout the freemont light show.

I was here maybe five years ago, and I fell in love with the deli at the Golden Gate... they made awesome sandwiches, served Coronas right off ice, and had a wealth of seating.
But above all, they offered their famous shrimp cocktails three different ways... with or without fake crabmeat, and jumbo.
I have pictures of colossal cocktail-sauce splattered pyramids of  shrimp cups that my friends and I constructed.
Fast-forward to 2013... if you want shrimp, that awesome Golden Gate shrimp bar and deli is long gone... to make way for some slot machines, probably.
The famous shrimp cocktail dispensary is now relegated to a tiny chiller box behind the counter at Du-Pars, the casino's diner.
Shrimp are still tasty at $2.99, and they come with saltines and a slice of lemon.
But not nearly as sweet as the memories I have of yesterdays gone by...

FAIL!!!!!
This place is no longer in existence!
I asked around for the whereabouts of this place and the employees of Golden Gate Hotel acted like they never even heard of this place.
WTF!?

