I heart Fresh & Easy it's one part of a hipster Bodega, one part Whole Foods, and a pinch of IKEA (That is if IKEA was a grocery store this would be what  that pinch would be sans the Swedish stuff.
) The garlic roasted Hummus is straight 20$ Rock.
Fresh & Easy is happy place to get groceries plus it makes me feel cooler than I am.

I went here today for the millionth time even though everyone else was watching the 81st annual Academy Awards...
It was quiet but I couldn't resist the 2 wk specials like a pound of cheese for $2.50 (colby, mozzarella, mild cheddar or jack) or the refrigerated soups (chix noodle, split pea, veg chili, broc cheese) for $2.50.
I was going to get Clementines (3# for $4.98) but before I knew it, I was already spending $50 on a myriad of items like albacore tuna steaks, na'an bread, garlic bread, sweet potatoes, choc mogurt (mousse + yogurt), potato bakes, samosas, chicken w/alfredo sauce just to name a few of their many items.

There are a myriad of both big box and specialty markets in all corners of Las Vegas, so why should you drive out of your way to find a Fresh & Easy?
Well, you shouldn't.
But if there's one in your neighborhood, and their recent explosion into the Vegas market almost assures there is, they're worth checking out based on a few variables that help set themselves apart from the standard supermarket fare.
You could try it and go back to Trader Joe's or Smith's no worse for wear, but at best you could be on the precipice of a retro "neighborhood market" experience.
For me, the highlights are the prepared, packaged, often portable meals for the culinary illiterate (i.e., I can't cook and I'm not about to learn.
)  From pounder burritos to stir-fry mixes, to onion bhaji and butternut squash raviolis and all points in between, F&E is the perfect drive-home stop for any 9-5'er interested in a heat-and-serve meal for one night, and one to freeze for the next.
Their produce is always fresh and well stocked, and instead of bombarding you with sales items & promotions just through the doors, this market puts the Granny Smiths and bell peppers right there when you walk in, which I think adds to their overall pleasant experience.
They have a full selection of name-brand and store-brand frozen items too, but with so many fresh options at competitive prices, why bother?
Sure, Whole Foods has the unpasteurized goats milk cheese direct from Scotland you can't live without.
And I know, you have an Albertson's card that saves you $2.50 a box on fake Cheerios.
While Fresh & Easy may not have every brand on your shopping list (my preferred face wash and deodorant are absent for example, making an extra stop next door at Walgreen's necessary,) it somehow always seems to have most everything you want and nothing you don't need.
Plus, there's usually a sample stop for crackers or cheese or what-have-you, and at least one item on the sale shelf worth grabbing (check the dates though, expiration is usually fast approaching,).
Like Walmart, you can checkout yourself or use staff assistance, there never seems to be a long line for either.
So give it a shot, you really don't have anything to lose, but perhaps plenty of fresh Snicker-doodles and spinach-cranberry-walnut salads to gain.

There are quite a few bargains here, with many things priced at 99 cents.
One of my favorites is the coconut flan single serving pack.
It may not be the best flan I've had (def.
not better than my mom's flan), but when I'm craving it, it does hit the spot.
Really nice and friendly staff too.

It's as if Whole Foods and 7-11 had a baby!
Lots of healthy fresh items; many decadent ones, too.
FnE is good, cheap and easy to get in and out of.
The employees are always friendly and remember my BF and I, though it is self-serve, they often bag our groceries.
Takes most of the pain out of grocery shopping.

It's my main grocery/market.
Like many other places I shop it is run by a large corporation which strives to have consistent quality among all its shops.
The West Tropicana location is no different.
The staff is friendly and always ready to help.
Even though it is a self check-out staff members are always ready to volunteer to bag my purchases.
I like that allot.
They have interesting as well as the expected seasonal fruits.
I like their fruit section.
They appear to have an emphasis on "green" operations, led lighing, high efficiency coolers ect..
I like that.
As noted by other reviewers they do have prices competitive with Wal*Mart on many items.

ME likey Fresh and Easy for their lamb, fish, packaged pasta, etc, BUT I am not a fan of their porkchops.
I bought their porkchops the other day and let's just say it was so tough to eat that even my dogs couldn't chew through it.
I will just stick with their lamb chops and fish.
Overall I think their prices are fairly reasonable, even though I always come out spending 30 bucks or more.
They have a great selection of fruits and veggies as well as a dessert section!
Overall, I don't mind checking out myself and I definitely will be back.

I like Fresh and Easy.
I was a bit more thrilled when it first opened but am still going back.
Seemed they had more deals and coupons when they first opened.
I assume to get people in the store, but prices seemed to risen a bit since then, although they are still reasonable for sure.
Basically this place is pretty convenient, its smaller than your average grocery store so its easy to navigate, but they carry most of what you would need from your average store.
Produce and meat can be hit or miss on its freshness, but there is usually one or two good deals on something to buy.
The prepared foods are always good and what really make the place in my opinion.
They have some great stuff to microwave easily for lunch or dinner.
I also like the self checkout, thought the staff is friendly and helpful.
They will bag for you if they are not to busy.

The name says it all.
It's fresh and it's easy.
Much smaller than a typical grocery store.
Fresh and Easy is great for their fresh, pre-packaged items, i.e., salads, soups, pastas and dips.
Really great prices on their produce and so much more convenient than any other store.

So if you have a Fresh and Easy near you, and you haven't ventured inside, do yourself a favor and go in.
This is a great little gem, kinda like if a Trader Joes and Whole Foods had a kid!
I heard they supposedly started in England, famous for their freshly prepared take home meals.
They do have some awesome fresh meals that you can take home and heat up, like burritos, chicken and beef dishes, and great soups.
Lots of them are even labeled as "healthy" with fat, sodium and calorie counts on the labels.
All without preservatives and artificial ingredients.
In fact, their in store brands are all like that...no artificial anything.
As far as their  produce goes, it is decent, but I always buy all organic, and most of the stuff they carry is not.
You can find a few things like boxed fresh, organic lettuce, etc.
But most of the things inside are not organic, but if you can't afford all organic or even if you don't give a crap about stuff like that... all of their in store brands are damn good for the price.
Stuff like tea, crackers, sauces, heck, I even bought some fresh pizza dough from them, got it home, rolled it out and baked it and it was darn good!
Way better than that processed Boboli crap!
They also have a great selection of cheeses, (most are not organic) wine, beer, and all sorts of great beverages.
They usually have a sample lady doling out great nibbles over by the prepared food section, and I always stop and chat with her about recipes and stuff while I stuff my face on her wares, ha ha.
Fresh and Easy doesn't have as extensive of a selection as a Traders, not as Gigantic and Organic as a Whole Foods...it's somewhere in the middle.
Oh,and you self- check yourself out at the end of your shopping, which is kinda cool.
Plus they always seem to have a friendly staff member on hand to help too, which is great.
All and all, a great place to shop!

Yay for Fresh & Easy!
Yay for coupons!
Yay for self check out!
Yay for decent prices!
Yay for Fresh & Easy!
Since my dog was injured I've been coming here every couple weeks since it's right next door to Veterinary Referral Center.
The prices are decent - more expensive the Glaziers but cheaper compared to Vons or Albertsons.

Little neighborhood market that has fair assortment of fresh fruits, vegetables, meats and cheeses.
The general grocery items like TP, dishwasher soaps and breakfast cereals I usually get from Walmart, cannot beat their prices, however, for a quick in out store this is not a bad market.
Prices are decent and the selection is good.
I found a mark down area that offer a variety of items, like salads, fruit bowls and sandwich items for really good prices.
(Assorted berries $1.50) If this place was on my way to work, it might be worth stopping in to pick up lunch.

Just like it says on the tin, this place is fresh and easy.
I go through phases where I refuse to cook and I default to their ready-made meals for lunch at work.
Lots and lots of options that are tasty and representative of different culinary cultures.
Seriously, a carne asada bowl, curry chicken salad, ravioli bolognese, and thai style beef and noodles?
Yes, please and thank you.
The store is clean, it's well-stocked, it's reasonably priced, and even at self-checkout, the employees are willing to help out.
Get the store card!
If you go to any of these stores at any frequency, you will appreciate it.

I like fresh and easy, this is one of my stops for an item or 2 on the way home.
This is not my regular store, but did not let me down.

I have recently been cooking A LOT at home and so I have been frequently visiting Fresh & Easy almost on a daily level.
I would say most of their produce is cheaper than Albertsons!
However most everything is already portioned for you so if you're looking to get like 1 potato, you're out of luck, you have to get the whole bag.
I think F&E has the best meat section!
Everything looks fresh & the price is good.
But if you're trying to get shampoo or any non food item, I suggest going elsewhere since the selection is not that great~ They sell wine & beer here too but no hard alcohol.
The employees are friendly!
If you don't feel like bagging your own groceries go to the self checkout machine that has the long belt..
Someone will usually bag them for you.
Hot tip: don't forget to get a FREE friend's card!
$5 for every $500 spent & you get 250 points just for signing up!

Great place for some easy and fast shopping.
They always have great sales, last night I bought a bag of cut up broccoli for 98 cents!
YEAHHHHH buddy!
And they have a fridge full of clearance items.
These items are about to expire within the next day or two, but if you eat them fast we can still consider it fresh!

Pros: Prices are really reasonable Their fruits are usually tasty  The coupon and the friends card are hard to beat.
Their 3 dollar wine is nice for the price Some of the beers can be cheap It is slightly more upscale than your average grocer and everything is neatly packaged Their ready to make food etc make life easier  Cons: At this location sometimes it can get too crowded There are no cashiers and bag people so you gotta do it yourself, my problem is their machines can be little too picky.
The tomato sauce they use in a lot of their products is little too tangy for my taste  Overall it is one of the places to shop

Love it!!!
The best grocery store in town!
Gluten free options!
and lots of fresh produce!
Makes eating healthy very affordable and easy!

Who doesn't like this place because it is a super little market.
The whole european style market setting is refreshing.
It really is fresh and easier to maneuver around when you compare it to the super mega markets.
The prices are not unreasonable.
The store is tidy.
It's a cinch to get in and out in a jiffy.

This is my favorite market for a few reasons.
I like its simplicity, I like the quality of their branded products, and most of the prices are great.
Here are some of the F&E brand items I enjoy and buy frequently:  The salad kits.
Particularly the Bistro and the Southwest ones.
They're delicious, filling, fresh, and under four dollars a bag.
Much better than other grocery stores' ready-made salads.
The 98-cent vegetable bags.
These are promotions and come in various sizes depending on the product, but they're normally worthwhile.
I've gotten this deal on baby carrots, green onions, eggplant, apples, oranges - just to name a few.
French or Italian loaves.
They're not the best loaves you'll ever eat, but for a quick $0.99-1.29, it's usually fresh, crunchy, perfectly chewy, and delicious.
Yum.
They make really wonderful sandwiches.
Pasta, juice, milk, cheese, ice cream, condiments, canned goods, and sun-dried tomatoes are a small part of a long list of wonderful products that they produce.
Again, wonderfully priced and I just LOVE the simple packaging and branding.
The staff is also very friendly and helpful.
This is definitely my favorite grocery store.

Always clean whenever I go.
This is a great inexpensive grocery market.
Their produce is decent and prices are always competitive.
Impressed with their selection of organic products, as they keep increasing.
I feel like they listen to their guests and are always trying to stay on top of healthy trends and foods as Whole Foods & Trader Joe's do.
*They have a section of gluten free (dry) products.
Ranging from pasta, flours, snacks, etc.
in this area.
You can also find a healthy and gluten free section in the frozen foods.
They do not honor manufacture's coupons because they have their own.
Be on the look out for their weekly coupons where you can save an additional $5 off $25 spent.
They offer a "friends" reward card where you accumulate points and can be redeemed as cash at the register.

Good selection and nice people.
You probably won't find EVERY ingredient you need but you can get the usuals at a good price.
I love their pre-packaged meals.
Really convenient.
They also have some pretty exotic, unique foods.
I found a brand of tea that I had in San Francisco here.
There is also a good selection of Fresh and Easy brand foods.
ALL of them are good.

Absolutely love this store!
It's always clean and stocked.
Never too crowded.
Self check out for quick, easy purchases & clearance items at the end of the second isle.

Went in here expecting nothing but a regular grocery store.
Man, was I wrong!!
Right when we got in, I thought "these prices are pretty low".
Then we were about to buy some chicken and a worker came up and said, "I'm about to put these all on sale, so come back in about 5 minutes".
Sounds good to us, so we went and walked around some more picking up other really cheap stuff.
Then we went back to buy the chicken and we got it for $1.79!
We figured it was about to expire, so we cooked some of it that night, froze the other half and had the other half a few days later.
Didn't get sick, it cooked perfectly and was a definite steal.
I know I'll be heading back here again around the same time to catch those awesome deals again!

This is my favorite of the F&E stores.
Always clean, always stocked, always friendly.
Great produce and meats.
We are loyal customers!

Great location to shop at great selection of meats and everything is so fresh!
I like their pre made salad and entree selections.
Some of the staff are nice and helpful!

I really like Fresh & Easy.
I love the weekly coupons I get in the mail and since I have a rewards card I get custom coupons for things that I buy regularly.
They don't have the largest selection but I really enjoy the quality of the products available.

I love fresh and easy.
I just wished that they had more variety.
It seems like they're going for the Trader Joe's vibe where they offer their own products...but there's just not that much stuff in the store.
I guess you can compare it to Sprouts also...but sprouts has a lot more selection but is much pricier.
You won't find everything you need from fresh and easy but the prices are good and the items they have are of good quality.

I shopped at this Fresh and Easy for a long time and loved it.
Unfortunately, when they got bought out that all changed.
Their prices have have skyrocketed.
On top of which the quality of their meat has started failing.
I know many other people who are very disappointed in the downfall of quality and the higher priced and have stopped shopping there as well.
Very sad because I used to go here all the time.

It saddens me to revise my review.
I used to like fresh & easy.
Under new ownership things went completely negative.
Prices are higher, and 3, 5, 10 dollars off coupons are gone.
The rearrangement is for the worst also.
I don't see a value nor do I like the new set up.
I haven't gone in months

I wish this place was cheap as Wal-Mart .The store 's location is excellent.The products are always good .But Not a big selection at all.Maybe one day someone will do some changes

F&E is a great place to go to for basic groceries - like eggs, milk, bread etc.
Love their delicious made-fresh-daily artisanal breads.
They don't have a lot of selection though-- if you need stuff like ginger, taro, bokchoy, kale,  you'll probably  won't find them here.
I guess they don't stock low-demand-products.
Will keep on coming here though as location is very convenient for me, clean store and very helpful courteous staff.

I'm gonna be honest- I rarely buy anything here that doesn't have one of those manager markdown stickers on it.
Frankly the full price on most things is just shy of "too high" for me, but I love getting a good bargain.
Now I just need to find out who to befriend to find out what time they start tagging!
Lots of premade stuff here, love how the nutrition info is right on the front of the package and easy to understand.
Dislike that meat, when marked down, usually looks like it's not safe to eat (brownish tinge to ground beef).
This location also has lots of bakery items that are still super fresh.
What made this location stand out from the rest is the customer service.
As in, it actually exists!
A chain known for cutting costs by not having staff actually had a guy greeting at the door- and at 10PM no less.
I was impressed.
Favorite items include the pesto hummus, bistro salad kit, flatbreads, spice grinders, fresh juices, and their seafood.

