Shopping for a jock strap in a former Albertson's seemed weird, but I stopped here first anyways during my latest hunt for some gym and hiking/camping gear.
It's new and it's really the only major sporting good store in Central Phoenix.
A quick walk inside reveals an average looking sporting good store and unless you knew it, you wouldn't be able to tell the bakery was once where the treadmills are.
It was kinda quiet the other night, but several staff (maybe 5 people) passed by several times without saying a word.
And it took a while, but I finally found some Adidas & Puma shorts on sale and some athletic socks.
They were out of the hiking gear, and after I went up to ask someone I found out that they were cleaned out after Christmas.
I'll probably go back since it's conveniently located, but it's nothing I would drive out of my way for.
Three stars.

Stevey P:" Shopping for a jock strap in a former Albertson's seemed weird...:  I do not.
Know.
How.
To top.
That.
Those who know me, however, do not see me as a top anyway, so I will move on...  We walked into this mammoth sports store with two things in mind; water shoes for Rickie and new tennies for me.
Although the store was full of merchandise, the signage was clear and viseable.
BOOM.
Men's shoes to the right.
Grabbed Rickie's shoes.
Found a pair of $69.99 Asics marked down to $39.99.
Tried 'em on.
Little slivers of pillow heaven.
My toes for the first time spoke to me and said, "Thank you.
Thank you, you cheap fool.
What took you so long?
" Kinda bitchy, but I understood.
We were asked for help, though never needed it.
Arrived at cashier and was asked if we found everything we needed.
Yes.
Was the answer.
There less than 10 minutes.
In N Out.
Fast food.
Fast shoes.
Great service.
BTW Stevey P...I hear Unique On Central has some rhinestone jock straps...just an FYI.

Dally G and myself hit up this S.A. once so we could get some stability balls as our office chairs.
According to Bob and Jillian (Biggest Loser) it is a great way to passively work your core.
Well.
This is where I met the most pathological liar I have ever encountered; a title previously reserved for my ex husband.
This 21 year old decided that his degree from Notre Dame Law School wasn't going to do him any good, so he relocated to AZ to come work at Sports Authority for minimum wage.
BTW, he went to Notre Dame on sports scholarship.
Mmmmhmmmm.
Anyway, this crazy lunatic tried to sell me a warranty on my stability ball (that cost $19.99 btw) telling me that I could call the corporate office and tell them it "popped" and they would send me a new one.
FYI, this isn't true.
Also, they have THE worst bathrooms on the planet and are overpriced.

I've never been overly impressed with Sports Authority but my experience at the Camelback Corridor location yesterday guarantees that I won't ever go back.
Unhelpful, humorless staff 2.
Lackluster shoe selection 3.
Disgusting bathrooms 4.
Depressing shopping environment  I was meandering through the shoe department for at least 10 minutes and at no time did any of the dozen employees on the floor say hello or ask me how I was doing.
Not only that but their selection of running shoes can be reduced to two categories: 1) Nike 2) Other Brands' Least Appealing Models.
On my way out I stopped by the sales rack only to discover that nothing bigger than size medium was discounted.
That's a shame because non-gnomes deserve price breaks, too.
I'll drive out to Dick's next time.

I lied.
After saying I'd never go back to Sports Authority convenience won out and I stopped in for a new pair of kicks.
David sought me out immediately and was incredibly helpful, taking the time to understand what activities I was really going to be using the shoe for before directing me to three or four of his personal picks.
He even talked me out of a more expensive pair of New Balance in favor of some discounted Asics, which I love.
Checkout is still a bit of a mess but David's exemplary service warranted this updated review.

From reading previous reviews, times have changed.
The jockstrap has evolved since previous reviews.
This sports authority is #1 source of sporting goods.
Check out the Under Armour athletic apparel in the mens section, as they have mens trunk underwear that will keep the jingle in your jangle and is as described.
I've purchased a couple and its evolutionary.
Like any retail store, when it comes to pricing you have to be proactive.
To get a break, I check out the Wednesday flier that's in with the junk mail or sunday inserts.
Usually you can find some good incentives.
Also if you take a couple of minutes to do their invitation online survey you get $10 off of $50.
That's 20% and if you are willing to succumb your online privacy and give them your email, they will notify you of employee friends and family promotions at 25% off.
I used it to purchase a $399 Diamondback that I ended up getting for $200 after a sale.
Staff are friendly if you ask and if they don't have a size will do a check to see if another location carries what you are looking for.
I'm wondering where their Puma selection is as I would consider that to be just as popular as addidas.
Due to the location it's my first sports stop, and even though I remember Albertsons, the last thing I'll be thinking about when I'm there is cottage cheese.

Ask for help.
The answer google it Not customer service

The best thing about Sports Authority is that it is NOT at The Colonnade!!!!
I ran in here to pick up some swim goggles and some hand paddles and I was able to pull it off without a hitch.
The store is laid out logically and their watersports section is awesome....I almost threw in a kayak with my goggles and hand paddles.
The staff are friendly and helpful and everything seems to be priced reasonably so I will be back for all my sporting needs.

This is really the only full-service sporting goods store in Central Phoenix and from workout attire, to basketball hoops, to skis, even to kayaks, it carries everything you could possibly need.
Also, I haven't had any issues with service as described by other reviewers.
My only fear is whether or not this store will stay in business because it never seems to be very busy.
And while that's great for parking, because the parking lot was always kind of a nightmare when it was an Albertson's, it does concern me that if they close I will have to start driving much further again for my athletic needs.

Love this place.
Great deals and friendly staff.
Always have what I need in stock.

Positive-Nice clean store and good selection, even darts!
Negative-Expensive, more so than Big 5 and creepy stalker employees who stand and stare at you.

Next to impossible to find help in here.
Walked around the entire store twice to find someone to answer a question I had, and saw nobody, except for the cashier who was busy with a decent-sized line.

Absolutely LOVE Ken my shoe guy!!!!
I was fitted inappropriately for running shoes for my first half marathon by a place that has all the bells and wistles for measuring gate and arch.
They put me in the absolute WRONG shoe.
I was shocked with my first interaction with Ken....He knows what he is talking about.
He spent 2 hours with me until I understood the difference and the importance of the shoe to the foot and arch!
AMAZING  As a fitness professional I recommend EVERYONE to Ken...they are shocked as well that Sports Authority would have such an educated employee!!!!
Knee pain while running is non existent!
Thanks Ken

service at this store is the worst i was told come in to exchange if ir does not fit next day go get your exchange oh wr do not have that size what do i do answer try another store she wad busy waiting on another customer

