Earwax is an unassuming store.
You walk in not expecting much then you roll out of there having just spent $80 on records you didn't know you needed.
They have a good selection of punk, hardcore and metal CD's and LP's, and a good mix of new and used 7"s and 45's.
They also have rad old metal shirts you probably won't find anywhere else, but unless you can rock an XL Napalm Death longsleeve and have it fit right, you'll probably just have to chill and wait until you're fatter.

Ear Wax is THE place to go for buying metal in Madison.
They have a huge selection that spans all sub-genres, definitely with an emphasis on the more extreme sub-genres.
They also have quite a bit of punk, psychobilly, and ambient, although the focus is really on metal.
They also have a good selection of merch (shirts, patches, etc.
) although I found the t-shirt selection to be a little skimpy as a person who prefers plain logo T's as opposed to shirts with tons of art on them.
Also, most of the shirts are XL.
Ear Wax also has a decent selection of vinyl, DVD's and 'zines, although I've never really checked them out.
The focus is really on CD's.
If you are a "casual" metal fan who thinks that Slipknot and Trivium are the best the genre has to offer, you will be overwhelmed (and possibly intimidated) upon walking in.
If you aren't a metal fan at all, you won't find anything of interest unless you want a Cannibal Corpse t-shirt for irony purposes.
If you're a die-hard metal fanatic, however, this store is right up your alley.
Every time I go in there I have a hard time limiting myself to only a few purchases because there is so much that catches my eye.
Just about every big metal band is represented, along with a whole bunch that I've never heard of.
The price is right (usually around $12 for a CD, $7 used) and the selection is unbeatable.
If you love extreme music, you can't pass up the chance to visit this awesome store.

If you're not careful, you might walk out of here with a bejewelled skull and no money.
Or maybe the broken shards of a Slayer signed guitar.
What about a violin with pointy screws sticking out of it?
I almost bought some metal baby gear, but stopped the money hemorrhage for once.
Boyfriend picked some CDs from the discount box.
If I hadn't been feeling cheap, I would have pillaged the fairly extensive psychobilly section, but that will be a treat for another trip.
Need metal?
Get Ear Wax.

I love Ear Wax.
Great selection.
New and old.
Great customer service as well.
Rob is the name of the guy I always see behind the counter.
When asked questions about a record or band he doesn't answer in a condescending "I'm more punk/metal than you' manner.
I've asked for his opinions on bands/records old and new and he always answers with a knowledgeable and genuine response.
This shop is a fucking gem of Madison \m/

