I've hiked at Usery Mountain Regional Park quite a few times (and just learned more about it than I ever knew by reading David S.
's review).
It's kind of a trek from Phoenix, which you don't quite grasp until you have hiked up the mountain and see the Phoenix skyline far off in the distance.
I've never seen this place too crowded, though not many people tend to hike mid-June (or maybe they were just there much earlier than we were).
I've seen wildlife here more consistently than any other park I have visited in the Valley.
A wide array of lizards from collared lizards to chuckwalas (I'll add photos).
I've even come across a rattlesnake or two, so keep an eye out!
And as with any hike, bring more water than you think you will need.
We underestimated our need and had to turn around prematurely....

I love this place.
It's only 20 minutes from my house and was the first place I started to hike when I moved here.
They have trails for beginners (like me) that are an easy mile on a smooth trail around the small mountain (hill?).
When I first came here over a year ago, this easy trail was all I could handle, and even that was difficult for me.
Fast forward a year and I have hiked most of the trails here and even did the (not so for me) easy Wind Cave Trail that's 1.6 miles up and then back down.
For the experienced hiker I'm sure it's easy, but we're not all experienced.
It's still challenging, there are a few places that I have to "climb" a rock, but the view from the top is worth it!
Just be careful of the bees on top.
I love how everyone is so friendly on the trails and encouraging, and it's a huge reason I keep going back.
They also have a Nature Center here, and have lots of programs for kids, and for adults.
I've done guided moonlight hikes here and they offer programs on scorpions, desert plants and more.
Ranger B is fun, entertaining and has a ton of knowledge about the park and surrounding area.
Innervision Yoga offers classes here on Mon nights, and Tues/Thurs/Sat mornings and it's a wonderful place to practice.
You're looking out the windows of the Nature center and the beautiful desert scenery so it's peaceful and serene.
These are all levels classes and when they say they welcome beginners, they aren't kidding!
Everyone here has been so supportive and encouraging and I can't ever thank them enough for what they've done for me :)  I have to give a special mention to Jennifer, who is the manager of Usery Park, she is not only knowledgeable and friendly, but is one of the kindest and most supportive people I have met.
She is always smiling, always positive  and always has something good to say.
If you're in the east valley you owe it to yourself to check out Usery Park, there is truly something for everyone here!

The Superstition Mountains are the perfect embodiment of the Arizona desert beauty that I imagined as a kid growing up in Utah.
This park allows you to nestle up to this unique landscape.
One of the better places to mountain bike in the area.
Ride the place at sunset and you will be amazed at what mother nature can do.

Great hiking trails!
Well maintained, with water and restrooms at the trailhead.
Love Wind Cave trail!
My 6 year old was able to do it in 80 degree weather without mouthbreathing.
$6 per carload entrance fee.

Wonderful park to visit.
It is only 20 minutes away from where I live in Mesa AZ.

Camping, daily visits, mountain biking, horses, hikes, and archery are offered starting at $6.
I can't turn down a new trail run so when I drove to Mesa for a rugby tournament I had to stop here on the way back.
It was great!
I had a really nice run into the park and up the wind cave trail.
Next time I want to tackle the mountain pass.
The wind cave was not really what I expected (somehow I thought there would be like a huge tunnel or echos or you would be able to reach the peak and see a view of the whole park) but it was a neat cave with bees and it was really cool to see a coyote on the main road on the way back out the park.
There was quite a few people, dogs, and children around but that didn't stop me from finding a way to get lost so be careful.
It was somewhat strenuous but not nearly as challenging as Camelback.
Still, after an hour of refereeing rugby and an hour and a half run, I am definitely feeling it today.

All I can say is this has to be one of the cleanest parks I have seen in awhile.
The camp grounds were nicely maintained and very easy to access.
Over all I was impressed and we plan to camp here in the future!

We took a short hike here for Christmas morning.
We were surprised that it was open on a holiday.
This park was a great walk to get away from the city and to get a view of the area and to investigate some of the local flora and fauna.
We also saw a few wild pigs!!
Remember to pay your parking fee.
Despite it being a holiday, we got a nasty reminder from the local Sheriff office to pay and made sure that we did on our way out.

This place is wonderful.
First went to the visitor's center, where they couldn't have been more friendly and helpful.
Maps, tour of their snakes, helpful tips, etc.
Even bought a t-shirt and hat because the vibe was so good (plus a fuschia women-cut v-neck AND awesome owl hat?
whoever is buying for this place is doing a good job).
Hubby and kids used the archery range while I hiked the Wind Cave trail.
We were all happy-as-clams when we finished up and decided we need to come back here again and again.

This is one of the most scenic mountain parks in the Valley, and one that is recognizable even from a great distance because of the distinctive horizontal "gash" of rock along the Wind Cave Trail in the park.
There are good facilities for parking, hiking, and picnicking.
Trails are varied - there's something for everyone, regardless of fitness status.
The road system within the mountain park is well maintained and not too extensive so that it is not overly intrusive of the gorgeous desert landscape of the area.
This is also one of the best places for viewing the spectacular blooming of desert wildflowers in the springtime.

A great place!
The park is just $6 per car to hike the trails or participate in their programs.
It is very family friendly, be sure to check their calendar.
They offer kids classes daily about hiking, full moon hikes, scorpion hunts, movies, etc.!
They have an ADA accessible trail, and have the Wind Cave trail (800 ft elevation change) that has scenic views from the top.
We have also done their Yoga in the Desert classes on Saturday mornings, which is a lot of fun.

I have done quite a bit of camping at Usery the last couple years.
I am currently camping there for a two week time frame.
In the past never had any problems while being there, it is a very beautiful campground.
This year though I have been what I consider harassed by some new hosts.
First day showed up at 1:00pm (on the dot) to check in.
The gate was closed and nobody there.
So I waited 8 minutes for someone to show up but when they didn't I called the reservation number to inquire about what was going on.
The person I spoke to told me to go to the Nature Center and she could give me my tags.
That all happened and was at my site with the tag on my mirror and on the clamp at entrance to the campsite.
I was there about 30 minutes and I guy pulled in in a pickup truck.
He just sat there staring at me.
I figured something was up so I walked up to speak with him.
He had a scowl on his face and didn't even say hi, the first words out of his mouth were "How long you been here?
" I said, "Just shortly after check in".
He asked were I got the tags.
I told him the story.
He then said, "Oh yeah, what was the woman's name you spoke with?
" I said, "I don't know her name but she had blond hair and about this tall.
" - raising my hand up to a level about as tall as she was.
He said, "Alright, your okay.
Give me the red reservation tag on the post.
" In a kind of demanding voice.
I walked over to the post and brought it back and handed it to him.
The next day I was pulling in through the check in gate and stopped rolled down my window and told him I was on my way to my campsite.
He said in a gruff voice "I know you have a sticker don't you.
" and pointed at the sticker on my mirror.
I said, "Yeah, thanks have a good one.
"  The next time I happened by this guy again was pulling into the park again at the check in gate.
There was a motorcycle talking to them in line so I waited until they were done and started through, driving maybe 1 mph, stopped below the window, and he was gazing down at me and I nodded, then drove off.
I looked in my back windows and his head was sticking out the window looking at me as I drove away.
After about 10 minutes later back at my camp he pulls up and parks his truck in front of my campsite.
I was still in my car at the time.
He stomps up to my window and I roll down my window.
He asked him if there was a problem.
He asked if I just went through the gate and I said I had.
He said he didn't see my sticker.
I said it is right here and pointed to it hanging on my mirror.
He asked me if I saw the truck on my right.
I said no.
He said, "Okay, well your fine.
" and walked back to his truck and left.
After all this with this guy I was a little fuming.
Felt compelled to go talk to him to find out what the issue is with me he has.
I went back to the gate and told him my experience.
In a calm voice.
His wife was there also and she said "Well you breezed through here so we didn't have time to see your sticker".
I told her flatly that I didn't not breeze through here and that I had stopped at the stop sign.
She said well we can't see your sticker from there.
Note, the stop sign is about 5 feet past the window.
I said, "No, I stopped below the window at the stop sign.
"   I have 10 days left on my reservation at the park.
I feel like a prisoner in a jail the way I have been treated up till this point.
It is a shame that I have to watch my back like I feel I have to at this point.
These two hosts have ruined the park for me.
Not worth feeling like this all the time I stay there ruins the whole experience.
I will not be coming back to park again.

Stunning views.
My husband and I came here to participate in a running race.
He ran the 50k which went up Pass Mountain, and I ran the 12k which ran around some of the trails.
They were very well maintained and the desert was just gorgeous.
The facilities were nice and maintained.
It also appears as though they have guided hikes on the weekends which would be fun.

This park is another one of the beauties in Arizona.
My mom likes to hike up to the Wind Cave every week, and sometimes, we go to the very top too after the main trail ends.
It's a pretty easy hike and the trail is mostly clearly marked.
I've gotten lost once, but that was due to my own folly for not brining a flash light and hiking near sunset.
Otherwise, the trail is easy to follow.
Even past the Wind Cave, there are good markers to lead the way to the summit.

So much to do!
They offer a ton of programs for the whole family.
I've hiked here numerous times and am really debating buying the annual pass.
Clear trails, activities and always a friendly face.
There are moonlit hikes, educational presentations, picnic and camping areas.
The fee is $6 per car despite the amount of people you have jammed in there.
Take note that Wind Cave has a bee colony at the top, avoid them and they avoid you.
Bring plenty of water.
This park will not disappoint.

Clean and well kept campground, but very not very conducive to peace and quiet or dogs.
I have heard the trails are nice but we never checked them out as we decided to leave early after we one night  bathed in light pollution.
We had to remove cholla from our dogs paws several times despite being very careful...the stuff is everywhere and the few trails we went on in the campground area are so narrow it is almost impossible to avoid cholla.
The next morning was spent listening to non stop gunfire from the nearby range.
Yuck.
McDowell Mountain park is more spread out with easily accessible trails that we can go on with our bikes and our dogs.
You actually feel like you are out in the middle of nowhere...not so with Usery Mountain.
I would not recommend it for camping...maybe day hiking without dogs.
The parks department should really disclose the fact that one will have to put up with the noise from the nearby gun range if they stay at the campground.

This is where my favorite desert running trails are.
Beautifully kept grounds, not too crowded, amazing views and surroundings to keep your eyes and ears filled with the sounds of nature while you run.
(Unless your like me and listen to music while you run, in which case the views alone are enough) :)

This is a great nature preserve and park.
Over 100 miles of hiking, biking, and horseback riding trails.
One of the most famous trails is the Wind Cave trail.
It has a moderate difficulty with a mile and a half steady climb.
At the top there is a cave carved out of the limestone by the wind, hence the name.
From here you can look out over the east valley.
On a good day you can see all the way into Phoenix.
I like the less traveled Pass Mountain trail.
This is a seven mile hike around the base of Pass Mountain.
It is an easy relatively even terrain with a couple short climbs.
The lower trails are short loops nicely groomed for biking and horseback riding.
These trails get a lot of multi use activity.
Riders, mountain bikers, and hikers generally yield to one another.
My only complaint comes after I've stepped in horse droppings.
There is a nature center as you enter the park.
Inside you will find maps, hiking guides, plant and animal identification charts, plenty of souvenirs, and the nicest rangers around.
They do activities geared toward kids and family.
We watched them feed the snakes one night, and watched a movie about the desert on another.
They offer a full moon hike once a month.
The hike follows a 2 mile loop usually guided by Ranger B.
He will talk about native plants and animals, about the history of the park, and answer all your questions about the park.
The city lights are captivating on this hike.
They say to bring a flashlight but the moon is bright enough you only need one on overcast nights.
The park admission is $6.00 or $75.00 for an annual pass.
There is a campground and an archery range on part of the park, but I'm not sure what the fee is for those.
This is my favorite park in Arizona.

My husband and I did the 7 mile hike - it was tough but worth it!
Gorgeous views, trails easy to follow (although you need to be an experienced hiker for the one we did!
), and convenient parking...

