Nestled behind most of the bustle from Scottsdale road, just south of Camelback road, a funky, serene little spa has popped up to serve the skin and eye brows for the otherwise facially deprived.
Full service facials, eyebrows, (as you might guess) massage, and much more, good prices, great service, all in a place that smells really good too.

Kristen is more than an esthetician, she is a true artist - her creativity and attention to detail have made me a loyal follower for many years and many miles - I travel from LA to Phoenix just to get my brows done by her!

Ok, so I recieved a gift certificate to this place from my boss, who has been seeing Kristen for years.
She has her own little spa place, and I finally got my appointment, and booked myself a facial for Saturday.
But, as I write this review, I have a few reservations on what angle to take with this whole thing.
Please read on and please draw your own conclusions.
For starters, a formal complaint-getting ahold of Kristen was darn near impossible.
She did return all my calls, but I never had an actual conversation with her until I set foot in her spa.
voicemail, after voicemail, just to schedule an appointment.
I admit, if I didnt have this gift certificate, I would have never bothered going to her salon, out of the mere fact that I had a hard time getting ahold of her.
out here, it feels like spas are a dime a dozen, so its not like she's the only one in town.
Secondly, her place was nearly impossible to find.
I mapquested her, AND went off her directions on the back of her packet thingy, and still had difficulty finding it.
Even my boss said to leave early as she is tucked away in a hard to find spot.
I have been to old town before, but shes in a part that was difficult to find.
I cant hold it against her, but it added to the frustration of her A) not answering the phone, and B) being in a hard to find spot.
Finally, after getting to my appointment, I walked in and loved what I did see.
She has a great little lobby setup, relaxing and very inviting.
Lots of product to look at, clean, organized with all the stuff that makes a spa fun and relaxing.
Kristen definately knows what she is doing.
I was impressed with her knowledge, and she gave lots of advice.
She uses what appears to be a lot of high end products, and clearly is familiar with what works.
Even though I booked a minifacial, it lasted an hour.
I got a neck and shoulder message, parafin for my hands, along with serveral other treatments.
Despite the frustration that I experienced getting ahold of her and finding the place, I found Kristen to be professional, knowledgeable, and worth the trouble I had initially.
Even though I do not get facials often, I do plan on returning to see her again for future spa visits.

I have been going to Kristen for years and I think she is just fantastic!
I would never think of letting anyone else near my brows.
She takes tremendous time and care with something as simple as a brow wax and as involved as a facial.
Her location is not difficult to find and the space itself is relaxing and lovely.
Her prices are reasonable, especially when you consider her location and the whole "feel" of her space.
I have recommended, and continue to recommend her to everyone I know.

