this place is pretty average.
i've been twice and both times i haven't really been impressed.
the first time, i got the blackened chicken linguini.
sub par, i felt.
the sauce wasn't very flavorful and i just thought it was pretty blah-tasting.
i also had the northern light lager -- which they brew in house i guess.
also not really impressive.
felt like a beer i could get anywhere.
we went back last night to give it a second chance.
we shared the idaho nachos -- a big plate of waffle fries smothered in cheese, bacon, tomatoes, chives and sour cream.
this was actually pretty good considering that when i make mashed potatoes, i add everything aforementioned.
also, it was a HUGE plate and it pretty much filled me up.
along with the nachos, we shared a cheeseburger with bacon.
even though i only had to conquer half a burger, i still didn't manage to eat all of it.
not because it was so huge but because we ordered it medium-well and it came way over well-done.
definitely wasn't to my taste.
we had the burger and nachos come at the same time though, so the potatoes kept me from leaving hungry.
to note, all sandwiches only come with either potato chips or coleslaw.
getting waffle fries or mashed potatoes costs an extra 1.50$.
getting a soup or salad to start costs 2.50$.
i feel like at a burger place, fries should come standard.
3 stars for being mediocre: service was good and the manager was actually very attentive, the idaho nachos were delicious, heart clogging and huge, and a point for being part brewery.
blah food though.
it probably won't be on my list of places to frequent.

Did the Sunday brunch buffet.
Food was what you would expect.
It was good but not terrific.
The service was good.
May go back there for a regular meal but I get the impression this place would be hit or miss.
They have a good childrens menu.

I've been to Granite City multiple times, both for regular meals and for their Sunday brunch.
I have never been let down by their food.
It is in some ways a basic Wisconsin restaurant, however, it has some great distinctive attributes.
Their in house microbrewery adds a nice touch to the drink menu, not to mention that the beers are quite delicious.
On Sundays they have Brunch drink specials, which are always nice.
The cheesy hashbrowns and the eggs benedict station on the brunch buffet are definite winners.
On the regular menu, the cheesy ale soup is absolutely fantastic.
I will say that it can get quite crowded for Brunch service, so don't go if you are on a schedule.
All in all, a good restaurant!

Nothing to make me want to come back.
There are much better places to eat in Madison and other places have the added benefit of not being anywhere near the mall.

Ya know, for a chain, Granite City is pretty dang good.
My personal fave is the grilled chicken bruschetta salad, a salad in name only as it comes with not one but SIX slabs of garlic cheese bread(!!
)  Burgers, soups are all good, if a little predictable.
Prices are moderate, and I like that it's attached to the mall, but just a little separate.
Outside dining is also available, although it comes with a great view of Sears' parking lot.
Minus one star for continuing to try to sell us the worst table in the house, right at the top of the stairs where literally everyone passes by.
Um, no, thanks.

Ok, Ok.
I know 5-stars for a chain?
I must be smoking something.......   Don't be a food snob, it can happen and it does happen with Granite City.
The appetizers, I can only vouch for the spinach artichoke dip.
We first came here several ago and ordered this and haven't stopped.
It's that good.
It was so good that I called the kitchen manager and bought some for last thanksgiving (which was a big hit)........mmmmm....
It has the perfect blend of ingredients.
So cheesy!
YUM!
Soups-the french onion is great, a really nice deep onion flavor, and of course the slab of melted cheese on top can't hurt.
(have i mentioned that I LOVE cheese?
the main courses.
We have tried most of their menu.
The sandwiches-cuban and overlake-the ciabatta bread they use is good, and the meat is a good quality.
simply a good sandwich.
The signature selections we tried have been good, better than all chains you find the area.
but now the real reason you should eat at Granite City.
The have the BEST HAMBURGERS!!
Please for food's sake order the Bedda Chedda Bacon Burger, with a side of reggiano hashbrown casserole.
OH MY GOD!
When they bring it to your table, your mouth will be wide open, eyes wide open and parts of you will tingle in ways that Homer Simpson would recognize.
ALL OF THAT and you haven't even had the first bite.
It is simply the best.
the best.
The desserts-we have only ordered for birthday occasions.
because with the food they serve it is impossible to save room.
The chocolate cake is very good, and worth ordering.
The Sunday brunch-the reggiano hashbrowns make this brunch worth going to.
The eggs are nicely cooked-not gross like you get at most buffets, the biscuits are hit and miss, gravy average, the french toast are ok the strawberry syrup is yummy!
and the eggs Benedict are very good.
try the one with spinach artichoke dip.
Service-We go there every couple of weeks or so and have gotten to know some of the staff.
They have always been consistent, pleasant and prompt.
The only negative is that its a 40 minute drive away.

Great prices with okay beer--doesn't measure up to Ale Asylum or Capital beer--and excellent dishes with great flavor that hasn't disappointed.
Our expectations have been exceeded every time we've stopped here.
My wife LOVES the asian salad, and I try something new with every visit.
I definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone.

I joined my mom and aunts for dinner in the middle of their annual post Thanksgiving shopping trip.
Granite City was close to the shopping so we stopped in here.
It was fairly average.
I'd say the food was better than the beer.
The portions are huge.
Our waitress was really nice, though it would been good if our soups/salads had come earlier than our entres.
This place is worth a shot if you're in the area.

Been to Granite City several times.
Twice with a larger group and the service took awhile, I suppose that can be expected though.
I love their Idaho Nachos and flat bread pizza.
The primary thing I love about Granite City is the Sunday Brunch!
So much food and so many choices!
Fresh fruit, awesome scones, amazing hash brown potatoes, unbelievable cinnamon rolls.
The eggs never really impress me but I get to full on everything else that it never matters.
I've had their brunch four or five times now and I have no doubt I'll do it again.

Granite City is everything that is wrong with America in all the right ways.
I feel like yuppie mall trash eating there, but the foot is so horrifically fatty in such large quantities that I just can't help but enjoy it, making it my favorite brew pub in Madison.
Know one thing: if you get the sandwiches, you MUST get the waffle fries, and if you get the waffle fries you MUST get the Granite City dip (one for the whole table).
The only time I've been disappointed was the Sunday brunch, which just isn't worth it.
Too buffetish and the eggs Benedict didn't live up to its potential.
Here's some dependably huge, fatty, and guiltily delicious options: 1) Sandwich: Cuban sandwich 2) Sandwich: Bacon cheeseburger 3) Sandwich: Pork adobo sandwich (special only) 3) Entree: Meatloaf 4) Entree: Pasta with sausage and peppers 5) Appetizer: Idaho nachos (waffle fries with bacon, sour cream, etc)   How you can possibly eat dessert after all of that is (usually) beyond me, but it all follows the same MO.
Bottom line: Nothing adventurous beyond your normal brew pub options, just all done really well (and to excess).

I came here on Sunday for brunch to cure my hangover.
There was a 15 minute wait - not too bad.
The restaurant was very spacious with high ceilings, and the tables were not too close to each other (major plus).
Our waiter was friendly and prompt.
However, one of our coffees had a mysterious gross-looking brown stain inside the cup.
Our waiter exchanged it for us right away, but still.
Also, he didn't tell us ahead of time that OJ's are not refillable, so we paid for two OJ's in the end...
Anyway, the food was really good, way better than the standard buffet that I expected.
A lot of the selection is greasy though: fruit (melon, grapes), scones, croissants, cesar salad and another salad, scrambled eggs, poached eggs, biscuits and gravy, bacon, sausage, cheesy potatoes, prime ribs.
We also got a huge warm cinnamon bun per person at our table... it was delicious!
All in all, not a bad experience...
I only had one and a half plate and was completely full!
It didn't come as a surprise when I saw lots of overweight people in the restaurant... this is the best place to go for brunch if you have a big appetite!

The food itself was very tasty and reasonably priced, so no complaints there.
I went on a Saturday night and there was a 15 minute wait, which was okay.
However, the service was lacking.
It seemed there was a different person for every portion of your meal.
One person to take the order, one person to bring the appetizers, another to bring the bread, another to bring the main dish (this person rolled her eyes at me when I asked politely for more bread), another to ask how our food tasted.
Our server asked my date if he wanted a refill, then took a long time bringing it to the table.
They were  very quick to swipe my credit card, though...  All in all, I will go back for the good food, but won't be expecting exceptional service.

Very annoyed that they want to call me by name and shake my hand.
All just seems a little to intrusive.
Beer garden could be cool if they build a fence around it....
Otherwise you'll be staring at lots of blacktop and Sears.

Enjoyed the blueberry wheat beer quite a lot!

Good food, decent prices.

Wicked good brunch!
They have good beers, great portions and fair prices.
I have always had fast and friendly service.
If you are going to try this place don't miss the Sunday brunch, you won't be sorry!

NIce restaurant.
Good service.
Absolutely delicious soup.

Just got home from Granite City, our first time there.
We had the Oriental Shrimp for our appetizer.
It was AWESOME!
My husband ordered the Walleye, and I had the Honey Rosemary Tenderloin Salad for entree's.
His Walleye was pretty good, said there was too much breading.
My salad, on the other hand, was outstanding.
Tons of tenderloin, perfectly cooked.
I made the comment to my husband, "Usually a salad is 99% lettuce, and 1% good stuff.
This salad is 99% good stuff, and 1% lettuce.
"  Nice big chunks of Blue Cheese.
We will not hesitate to go back.
Maybe, next time, we'll have room for dessert!

We like the friendly staff here, although they did have an odd server change the first time we visited.
I would say the service is good, but not always as consistent as you might like in the dining room.
My pick is to sit in the bar area, which is always spot-on.
The only other major grumble - I had to ask for ketchup with my side of fries, and it seemed like it took 5+ minutes to get it.
Weird, huh?
why do they send out fries with no ketchup!?!??!
c'mon guys!
Put it out on the table like the rest of the world!
Barring that, the food runner can ask when the food comes out, or (better yet) note when you take the order!
After getting that off my chest, I'll say that I'm a big fan.
The beer is good and the food is solid, maybe not spectacular, however there are some pretty tasty items here and there, and as a solo diner, I appreciated having a comfy place to hang out at the bar and have a beer with dinner.
Some of the highlights:  * Truffle fries - these were tasty with a nice truffle hint, a nice starter  while you sip on a beer and decide on what else to order  * Pepper Bacon and Tomato flatbread pizza - the maple pepper bacon was REALLY tasty, and the sliced tomato and cheeses made a nice counterpoint.
It can be a bit messy to eat as finger food, but sooooo yummy.
I ordered one as my entree and couldn't quite finish it.
Wash it down with a cold beer and you're a happy camper.
* French Onion Soup - this had a bit less onion than I might prefer, but had a really nice beefy broth with a nice layer of melted cheese on top.
Definitely worth adding on a cup with your sandwich or burger.
Buffalo wings - nice and spicy but not to the point of burn-off-your-face.
Great blue cheese sauce, too.
* Chicago Style Prime Beef - this was a sandwich with a very delicious identify crisis - thin sliced beef, onions, bell peppers and a melted slice of cheese on lightly toasted ciabatta bun, and served with a cup of au jus.
I'm not sure if it was leaning towards the Philly Steak or French Dip direction, but with the beefy au jus and just the right amount of toasted crunch on the bread, it really hit the mark for me.
Of course, what brew pub would be complete without a good selection of house brews, and Granite City delivers pretty well in the area too, especially when you make it on a Tuesday or Thursday or one of the other days when they have the $6 pitcher specials =-)   The weekend brunch is also amazingly popular.
Check it out!
I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit!

The food here is pretty standard bar food.
Nothing stands out.
The fries could use some little blue pill assistance, if you know what I mean.
I tried the french onion soup.
The broth was salty but lacked other flavors, and whoever cut the onions left some of the outer skins in the batch.
The worst part was the piece of plastic in the soup, cut exactly to the size of the chewy outer onion skins.
While the waitress and the manager did come over to apologize, they also took the time explain several times that the plastic was likely from the cheese wrapping.
It almost sounded like an excuse, like it happens all the time.
I don't care where it came from - I just care that I almost ate it.
While they offered a new bowl, I was near the end of the bowl I had, so it seemed pointless to accept a new one.
After several apologies, we expected at least that the soup or our appetizer would be comped.
But alas, no such service to be found here.
With so many amazing dining options in Madison, I don't know why anyone would choose this place.

Loved the beer cheese soup, the soft pretzels, and the beers.
A flight of beer is very reasonably priced.
The Northern Light really pairs well with the beer cheese soup.
The service by the bartender, Andy, was good.
He was attentive, polite, and very informative about the beers he was pouring for us.

My husband and I had dinner here last night, and we couldn't believe how good the service was.
Our waitress was amazing.
She anticipated our needs and checked on us just the right amount.
Our water glasses were never empty, she brought out ketchup for my fries before our meal was delivered, got us extra napkins when our meals proved to be a little messy, and she was very friendly and polite.
The manager even checked in on us and asked how everything was.
To be perfectly honest, I expected an average meal from this place, but I was pleasantly surprised when my expectations were exceeded.
The food was very nicely plated.
(I'm kind of a foodie, so I pay attention to these things.
)  My husband enjoyed the reuben sandwich and mashed potatoes, and I had the buffalo chicken wrap with waffle fries.
I would definitely try this place again.
I think my husband's favorite part was that he was able to strategically place himself in perfect view of the TV without me noticing that he was watching sports throughout our dinner :)

A chain, only one in WI.
Before our food arrives it really resembles a Claim Jumpers.
But it is brewery too.
I am trying a Bock & Wheat.
Food and service excellent.
Very high level casual!
We will be back next time in Madison!

Pretty good for a chain.
Good food, great brunch, ($7.99 bottomless mimosas?
Sign me up) and great beer.
Brunch is a buffet that's a little pricey, but is full of awesome food.
Their pizza/flatbreads are good for bar food, and the wings are not bad.

Their "Famous Sunday Brunch" - *sigh* where should I start... Firstly, we came at 11:00am, and were told "20-30 mins".
Just over 45 mins later, our buzzer finally went off.
We later found out that they were telling 20-30 mins to everyone, not just parties of 2.
For myself, the scrambled eggs were dry and stiff.
The hash-brown casserole... oily and greasy.
The bacon, so over cooked!
The gentleman they had cutting the prime rib... God...
I wanted to the take knife and fork away from him and slap his hand for ruining such a beautiful piece of meat!
He was constantly sawing tiny bits off, using short little strokes with the 16" of blade he had in his hand... the gal at the eggs benedict station actually had to show him how to use the honing steel when he indicated it was getting harder to cut the meat.
(We were seated within 10 ft of the prime rib and eggs benedict stations, and saw the whole thing)  My fiance' was very upset about it after paying $15 for something she felt that they heralded it as a "Famous Sunday Brunch", and yet it wasn't even as good as some continental breakfasts you can get a nicer hotel.
There was barely any fruit - only sliced musk melon and grapes.
Also, it took my fiance' almost 10 minutes to receive her drink order of milk.
Neither of us are big beer drinkers, so this is yet another place that overcharges for food because they make "great beer" that we will simply not be going to again.

Red ruby tuna appetizer was clutch!
Be sure to sign up for the Mug Club.
amazing beer selection.

Very good beer.
This is a chain brewpub but has high quality food and beer.
On par with the location in Sioux Falls, SD that I visited a couple of years ago.

Great brunch, albeit not a huge offering, the prime was excellent, several different kinds of fruit, eggs ben in several different incarnations, hashbrowns reggiano were all notable, in addition to more standard brunch fare.
And when they say spicy bloody mary, be prepared for a lot of tabasco.

Worst Brewpub in Wisconsin, Worst Beer in the Entire State (And That Includes Blatz).
I came here with my daughter one Friday night and we had a bit of a wait, so that should be a good sign, right, that lots of people want to eat there?
At the end of the meal, I concluded that the explanation was that there were either a lot of people who were clueless about this restaurant (counting myself as a former member of that group) or were clueless about how good food and beer taste.
I have to say that Granite City's facility is very attactive and much more upscale than any other brewpub I've been in, the equal of most of the higher end restaurants in Madison.
That was one of only two highlights with this entire meal.
We sat down and had a lengthy wait before our server, a middle-aged woman, brought us a complimentary tray of carrot sticks and ranch dressing, the only other positive experience of the entire meal.
We experienced a lengthy wait before receiving our beverages and initially, our server forgot my daughter's drink.
I ordered the reuben and our server listed a bunch of sides that I could select with it, and I chose sweet potato fries.
I believe my daughter had macaroni and cheese, but it may have been a sandwich; whatever she ordered, she didn't like it much.
My reuben was supposed to have a half pound of corned beef, but I doubt it had even a quarter pound of meat in it.
Honestly, I think it had at least half as much butter on the bread as it had meat in the sandwich - it was extremely greasy, the greasiest reuben I've ever had, which really detracted from what might have been a pretty good sandwich.
I ordered a beer sampler tray with 8 glasses of their beer.
Let me preface this comment by saying that I consider myself to be rather knowledgable about beer.
I've visited most of the brewpubs in Wisconsin, I've had beer from every brewery in the state, and I enjoy a broad variety of beers.
I'm also a homebrewer.
I know what a good beer tastes like.
Two of these eight beers were drinkable.
Several, of these were so awful I didn't bother with a second sip.
They were swill, so bad that I suspect that GC's brewer got lazy, didn't adequately clean their tanks, and the beer was contaminated.
GC's manager, a younger, cocky sort of guy, stopped by and asked disinterestedly how our meal was.
I told him my reuben was really greasy and explained to him that the beers really weren't good at all, that I was familiar with all of the state's microbreweries and Granite City's beers were by far the worst beer in the state.
The manager could see I had hardly touched six out of eight of the sampler glasses.
He looked up in surprise and said with a sneer, "Well I'm sorry we don't meet your standards," turned his back on us, and walked away.
If this dillweed had no intention of doing anything if there was a problem, why the hell had he bothered to ask?
After a long wait, server finally brought the check.
I discovered that she had charged me $3 more for my sweet potato fries.
I asked her why she had never told me they were an extra charge.
She said it was clearly marked on the menu.
and walked away.
After being extremely slow, inattentive and unfriendly, I took the extra $3 out of her tip.
On the way out the door, I stopped at the front desk and asked to see a menu.
The same manager handed me one and notwithstanding he could see I was not happy, did not ask me if there was a problem.
Sure enough, in very fine small print, there was a mention of the upcharge on the sweet potato fries, very excessive one.
In summary, we had bad food, slow, inattentive service, some of the worst beer I've ever drunk, and management was rude and awful.
I recommend staying far away from this joint, especially when Madison has perhaps the best brewpub in the country, the Great Dane.

My husband and I went in without reading too much about the place first, the online menu looked pretty good and I am always on the lookout for new micro-brews so we decided it was worth a try.
I was a bit surprised at how empty it was on a Saturday night but I decided it was early still and that should not deter me.
It felt very corporate inside and really felt like a chain.
Our server seemed busier than he should have been for how empty it was but he was pretty good, our waters were always full.
We ordered the beer sampler and found them all very bland.
There was very little flavor difference between the IPA and the wheat beer.
I love hoppy IPAs so I was disappointed in the lack of flavor.
My husband ordered Korean tacos and he was pretty happy with them.
They did not have any vegetarian choices I could eat so I went with the grilled salmon.
When the plate was put in front of me I caught a distinct fishy smell.
I tried one bite and it was horrible, the fish had been sitting around for much too long.
The waiter and manager both apologized but you cannot apologize enough to someone who has that fishy taste stuck in their mouth.
I did not find anything there worth going back for.

I like their home brew beer.
I recommended the member card.
just $10.
I will go there again for sure.

So this is a chain and even though it is a chain, I felt like we needed to try it since the sign stares me in the face whenever we are in town.
On a Saturday at 1, we waiting about 15 minutes for a table.
It was a little weird - it didn't look that busy and tables were empty but they seemed to be staggering seatings.
Not sure if they didn't have enough people or what but we got seated within the time they said we would be so that was fine with me.
Our server got to our table quickly and my only real issue was that there is kind of a hard sell on their beer club.
Kind of meh about those sorts of things to begin with and we're from *out of town* so no, not going to be purchasing.
That said, they were out of their wheat beer but the stout the husband got was pretty good and only $3.
Our food was pretty standard - moderate portions and fairly appropriate for the price.
The French onion soup was good - quite good, actually - and would have been just right if the cheese on top of the bowl had been a tiny bit browned rather than just melted.
I tried the Monterey chicken wrap and it was middle of the road while DH had the Overlake, which he liked well enough, and some garlic mashed potatoes that were decent.
Not sure we'd revisit but for a chain, it wasn't the worst food I have ever had, just not quite elevated as many brewpubs are doing in a lot of other places.
There is potential so hopefully there is continued improvement.

Oh!
This place is soooooo gooooooooood.
Brunch buffet is absolutely ridiculous - prime rib on Sunday, every kind of breakfast food you can imagine, for a little extra you get all you can drink mimosas, cinnamon rolls are awesome.
For dinner I was a huge fan of the cheddar burger (you get a ton of shredded cheddar on top) and the prosciutto pizza.
Beer was great too.
Service is typical.
Decent prices.
Food is fricking awesome.

Yum!
For a mall restaurant I was pleasantly surprised.
It has a great quality of food and clean, friendly atmosphere.
The booths are big and comfy.
The beer here is pretty good but the food is delicious.
I had a sandwich and the presentation was fantastic.
I kind of wish this restaurant was not at the mall.
I hate battling the parking lot to go to this restaurant.
You would think with neighbors like the Olive Garden, this place would not have the level of service it gives you.
Love, love, love.
Whether you head to West Towne to shop or just to grab a beer here, you will not be disappointed.
I would give it a give, but like I said I hate the parking.
I wish I could write more on this but it is clear, cut great restaurant.

My family and I were looking for a new place to try after the Badgers game and found Granite City.
I heard many good things about this place, but we were very disappointed!!!
I wish I could give 0 stars.
Our server was extremely slow and was not interested in getting our order correct at all.
We were sitting in the bar section and couldn't understand the service issue considering it was 3 pm when the restaurant was not crowded at all.
My daughter ordered the Chicken wrap with garlic mashed potato.
I ordered the Bedda Chedda Bacon Burger.
The food was ice cold and when I asked the woman that brought our food for ketchup she told me that we need to ask our server!!
Justin was not available so I went to the bar and asked for the ketchup from the bartender.
I couldn't wait to get out of there.
Not sure what's going on in this place, but they need to get their act together.
Don't even want to give them another chance.
Lousy food and bad service.
I will not be going back there again.

This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Madison area.
Te beer is pretty darn good and the food is fabulous.
Have never had a bad meal here.
Te burgers are great, my kids love the Cubans and I love the Asian salad.
The meatloaf is excellent also.
Not sure why there are any 1 or 2 star ratings.
Bad day for them?
If not why is there almost always a wait just about any time you go?
This brew pub and the Great Dane are tied for first place for Madison.
Great Dane has better beer and more selection but I like the food more at Granite City.
This is one of the go to places for me when friends or relatives come to town.

Better than the food court for sure.
Great salads, buffalo wings and soup!
Burgers are mediocre.

Had the sirloin steak and was not impressed.
Wings for appetizers were nothing special--something I could've bought and made from a box.
BFs steak was good but it was smothered in sauce...so not sure if it was the sauce or the actual meat.
Mine was super dry and I didn't finish it :(   I did get a 10% discount through my employer so that was nice!

Perhaps this is unfair, but I've seen a general downward turn in Granite City.
My husband and I began going there weekly after a dance class.
It was one of the places near us with delicious food that was open after 9:30.
We both joined the Mug Club, and we got great deals on food after 9 pm.
Later they added $2 tap, which couldn't be beat.
But Granite City as a corporation seems to be spreading and standardizing things, which isn't always for the best.
The food is still delicious.
The Shrimp Taco Trio is incredible; Blue Peppercorn Burger is amazing; we always get an order of their pretzels (that's what got us hooked on GC in the first place).
But the great deals we initially experienced have disappeared.
Since we've been going regularly - always on Wednesdays - we've developed a relationship with our server.
She's absolutely wonderful and friendly.
Last week we went to GC with a big group to celebrate my birthday, and our server brought me a dessert -- a cookie with candles :)  So we still go because the food and service are terrific, but I also think that if we were getting acquainted with GC now, it wouldn't be something we'd do regularly.

Used to be awesome.
I don't know what happened.

This place is OUTSTANDING!
I had their asian salad and that might be one of the best salads I have ever had.
Have also had their brunch which is outstanding.
Probably the best thing on their menu is the Ruben sandwich.
It is the best sandwich I have ever had in this area!
The pricing is fair and the bloody mary's are awesome!!
Great service as well.
I would highly recommend!!

Nice place to stop in and have a quick micro-brewed beer and a great appetizer and or lunch after an exhausting shopping spree at west town mall..
Very nice bar and wait staff..

I'd really wanted to like this place, but it just isn't happening.
Family has eaten here several time and we've had excellent meals (burgers in particular), but not consistently.
There is always something wrong: burger over cooked, cold food, orders not correct.
If a restaurant is going to charge the higher prices, I expect consistently good food and service - not hit and miss.

The only reason I keep coming back to this restaurant it's their classic hamburguer, it is the most plain one they have but it is good!
In my opinion, it's the best burguer in town and believe me, I have tried many in Madison, the meat has such a great grilled flavor, the bun has a nice golden brown color and if u ask for sautéed onions it tastes even better!
They used to have thin French fries and I liked them a lot but they changed those for the thick ones and it is not the same  their potato chips are good.
However, they need to work in their customer service, there have been many times that I placed an order over the phone and they made my order wrong, they either did not put lettuce and tomato or they put the wrong side, besides, they made you wait a lot to correct the mistake.
They really should work on that!

Still better food than the Dane, except that the Dane has plantains.
Not great service in recent times and I'm not digging the food like I was.
Still have some pretty decent items like the cuban and the meatloaf.

I have been to Granite City now twice since relocating to the Madison area.
Both times I found GC a-ok.
The first time I was there on a date with my husband.
We had heard about Granite City's beers.
We tried three different ones and found them a-ok. We were not blown away...but found them good.
The same of the food.
We enjoyed the experience but just found the food standard.
It was crowded both times we frequented.
The first time we brought our infant son.
He slept most of the meal in his car seat.
However, from the reaction of some guests I wouldn't bring him again.
There were other families with older (8-10 age range) children.
The second time I was there, it was for lunch.
It again was crowded and I found the food the same.
It has a great westside location which is my guess as to its business.

Vodka Mussels-excellent.
Salmon Crab Asparagus (sans Hollandaise) Excellent.
French Soup-best in the midwest.
Creme Brule - parochial, inexcusable in it's grade school quality.
Only bad thing though-this place is top notch otherwise.

Good food.
Good service.
Will not blow you away though.

Yes I am a fan but I do have one major criticism, the prime rib is wayyyyyy under cooked.
It is very raw in the middle and I will only eat it if I can get an end piece.
The sausage is wonderfully rich, the Mimosa's are delishious, and the eggs benedict table is great with all the different ways you can order it.

I came on thanksgiving night while the family shopped after dinner, I found granite city, but it was open but deserted.
But to my surprise the bartender welcomed me and offered to stay open for awhile so I could have a beer.
I had an IPA and before I knew it the bar had 10 other war wore shopper seeking a cold beer.
I was able to have a few more before she called last call so she could close.
Very rare to have such friendly staff on a holiday night away from there family.

I stopped here for of beer or two with my girlfriend after some shopping at West Towne mall.
I didn't know what to expect as Granite City is a corporate chain and I normally steer clear of them.
GC was  surprisingly pretty good.
We ordered a flight of beers and some appetizers.
As expected some of their beer was just not good but the Bennie was surprisingly delicious.
The spinach artichoke was soso but the maple bacon tomato flatbread was a treat.

My husband and I had some time to kill while waiting for his glasses to be prepared at Lenscrafters.
An associate there recommended Granite City so we thought we would check it out.
The food was delicious and the staff friendly.
Unfortunately there must have been a mixup in the kitchen as we waited well over half an hour to get our food.
My steak and baked potato were piping hot but my husband's ribs and mashed potatoes were stone cold.
Our waitress was very apologetic and immediately remedied the situation.
The manager also stopped by and made things right for us.
We will definitely give them another chance.
We left with the feeling of being very well cared for.

Went and got a flatbread pizza and they said they dropped some of it on the floor so it would be three minutes till they brought one out.
Asked for it without basil it came with basil on it, bit into the pizza and the crust was like biting into a piece of cardboard and it tasted like it had been sitting under the heating lamp.
They asked if we wanted them to just bring our food and not the pizza anymore so we said yes.
They brought our food and all four of our entrees were warm on the outside, barely warm on inside and hot on the bottom.

I normally take the wife and two kids to Granite City for a nice weekend meal.
The Sunday "Kids Eat Free" day is what brings us back week after week!
I love the Buffalo Chicken Wrap and my wife loves the Bruschetta Chicken  Salad or the Cajun Pasta.
We tried the beer sampler once and we loved every single one.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is a dumb reason, but still valid.
The wifi there is free, but it is VERY slow.
Our kids like to watch some kid videos on Youtube or Netflix while waiting for food, but it is always slow and it gets annoying.
If they had faster wifi, the 5 stars for sure!

Stopped by for a drink with friends after work; didn't eat at this location, but have at other Granite City locations.
+ Friendly bartenders who were quick and efficient + Great happy hour prices + Monster mugs + The brews are quite decent; you can sample a few prior to committing to one  + Love the ambiance; dark, heavy wood with massive amounts of stone + Great background music - TVs are a little distracting, but I understand why they have them  It's been a few years since I've had food from a GC; I'll have to return to sample some of the menu fare.
4-stars for the bar and service alone.
We'll see how the other half fares after a few more visits.

This place was recommended by a few friends so I thought we should check it out.
Once we sat down and looked at the menu's I realized we were basically in a Chili's or an Applebee's Plus.
Friendly waiter made it better.
The food average and cost more than it should.
About an hour after dinner I had to run to the toilet.
Not good.
Something I ate there is dying to get out.
Totally sharted a few minutes ago.
WTF!
We spent $60 on one beer a kid's meal, a steak, and a burger with fries.
And  I have diarrhea now.
Don't think I'll be going back.
Seems popular though.
Not sure why.

Granite City is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.
The food is always, always good.
If something does happen to be wrong with your meal it is fixed immediately.
Options for everyone and quality is good across the board.
Their beer is good as well, my favorite is the two pull which is a mix of their lager and bock.
My suggested dishes: Chicken Bruschetta Salad, Blue Peppercorn Burger, and the Chocolate Cake.

Great beer, awesome burgers!!

Boo-yah!
Mom found a gift card for Granite City.
Sobieski Classic Cosmos on the cheap because it's happy hour?
Make it two please.
Each...
Mother and I have dinner at home or out every Thursday; we went out to dinner here even though our show  (SCANDAL) was delayed due to WIAA basketball games.
Grrr...  Our Waitress was Kate and she was great; personable, knowledgeable, and her smile was genuine.
We each had the 'Bedda Chedda bacon burgers; mine with raw onions along with the garlic mashed potatoes (awww soooo good...), her's with sauteed onions and the baked potato.
We were seated in the third booth with a birds-eye view of the tv's and people watching and ear hustling (some interesting dialogue in the next booth was eye brow raising and made us chuckle.
)  I didn't find this place too loud or too anything; it's a bar and there were no kids afoot so we chilled with our drinks, with our food and laughed and conversed freely.
We were there about an hour and a half and although I never make it to the west side much, I'd return to GC.
Two-fold.

I am usually very pleased with their Sunday buffet, however our most recent visit was not so good.
First, they put us at a table of four when there were five of us.
We had to actually ask for a larger table to accommodate all five of us as there were not enough chairs.
Some of the buffet items were okay, however, there were absolutely no waffles, no eggs benedict, and the pancakes were rather tasteless.
Thus, the only things to choose from was scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, fruit, and the cheesy potatoes.
It was rather disappointing and simply not enough.
Finally, even the cinnamon rolls were not very good.
Next time, we will go to the Great Dane.

Eh, My fiancée and I tried Granite City and were disappointed.
We did sample most of Granite City's beer for $5 which was a decent value however they did not have all their regular brews available.
Eventually the bar tender went to work for us and got the stout added to the sampler which was the best beer on tap.
The food at Granite City mediocre at best.
I had the popular BBQ cheddar burger featuring a beef patty was squished down and was very thin.
My fiancée had some chicken sandwich that was nothing to rave about either.
We choose to eat in the outdoor beer garden but were seated at the unleveled table that was hiked up by a big staff of beer coasters- always a pet peeve of mine.
The staff was friendly but at times slow.
Unless we can meet up with Paul Blart, Mall Cop for a beer we probably won't come back.

Mac and cheese is awesome!
Service was fabulous.
I will be back to try the burgers next.

