How does In N Out do it?
The consistency is amazing.
The service is impeccable.
Do these happy boppy teens really love their jobs?
Does upper management   inject them with happiness cola on their breaks?
I don't get it.
But this is what I like best about In N Out, the service!
The delish burger sure makes it a great trip too.
Going to In N Out is a "trip", it's always busy, so it's not like a quickie run for a burger and fry.
The Fries-- not sure that I like them, I always order them simply b/c everything is so cheap- but I also always eat them.
I think I just like watching the happy staff cut them up.

Oh, In-N-Out, I curse you and thank you at the same time for not being on the East Coast.
Curses because I crave you but can't have you.
Thank you because being to close would be too tempting.
I'd have to dig the fat clothes out of the back of my closet.
I love that you have stuck to your family roots and not sold out to Wall Street.
I love that you manage to keep normally apathetic teenager employees happy and enthusiastic.
I love that you give me an In-N-Out sticker for free.
I love your fresh ingredients.
And that you stood the test of time and didn't get all crazy with gourmet burgers or bloated menus.
You didn't decide to truck in your burgers frozen from the burger factory.
You stuck to what works; you didn''t mess with a good thing.
And you managed to keep it fresh without raising the price.
I also love that your fries aren't that great.
I do love that a teenager cuts the potato right there in the store, but unfortunately they're not to my taste.
That  doesn't stop me from eating your fries, of course.
But eating less of them means i can have a second burger.
I especially love that.

In N Out Burger is hands down the best fast food place I've ever eaten at.
The food actually tastes good, unlike most mass fast food chains.
The burgers are to die for, as are the fries.
I love how everything is made fresh daily and the fries are cut in the store.
The one thing I don't like is how it seems everyone in Phoenix seemed to be at this location when I was there.
I guess the fact that it was the day after Christmas and that it's near Paradise Valley Mall didn't help that.
We couldn't find a table so we tried eating outside, but it was way too cold and windy (I was visiting from Cleveland, so I was shocked at the cold weather) so we ate in our car in the parking lot.
It was worth it though.
Hands down In N Out is one of the best burger places in America.
Now they just need to come to the Great Lakes region.

Five Stars for a fast food burger chain?
Spring Break, 1974...I was a senior in college and my girlfriend, Susie, had more money than good sense (as evidenced by the fact that she was my girlfriend:)  The answer to her question "what do you want to do for spring break?
" was "let's take your new car and drive to LA and party on your credit cards!!!
:)"  That's where I had my first In-n-Out Burger after seeing bumper stickers and license plate frames everywhere around LA that said "In-n-Out  urge ":) So hilarious, so "in your face"...just a little bit dirty...for 1974:)  I finally asked somebody where to get such a cool and in your face bumper sticker (that'll show the man:) and I found out about In-n-Out and fell in love...no, no...not with Susie:)  I got my license plate frame... properly defaced it and for I while, I was the guy showin' the man:)  Fast forward to San Ramon, CA in 1999 and In-n-Out opens its first NorCal store 9 miles from my house, with 3 hour drive through waits, police traffic control, news helicopters and all the rest, as tens of thousands of people flooded into San Ramon to get their "In-N-Out  urge" fulfilled:)...  Pizzeria Bianco like waits to pungle up your $5 for a burger, fries and coke...whiskey tango foxtrot!
(at least you can get In-n-Out to make your burger the way you want it:)  What inspires this kind of mob rush?
* Is it the cool red and white packaging, with the crossed palm trees (and little inscriptions like "John 3:16" and "Proverbs 3:5 printed in certain spots on the packaging)?
* Is it the special secret (or not so secret) menu?...The Beautiful Carin always gets her burger "Animal style, Protein Style" ...I get my burgers "mustard grilled with extra toast" and we always get the fries "Well Done":)  * Is it the simplicity of In-n-Out...they do burgers and fries...just burgers and fries...they do them pretty much any way you can think of...but they just do burgers and fries...simple and elegant:)  * Is it the quality control they exercise over their stores?
They do not franchise and they do not open a store more than 1 days drive from their warehouses in LA.
They make certain that the ingredients are fresh (no frozen beef) and quality standards are equally high throughout the chain.
* Is it in how they treat their employees?
Everything I hear is that In-n-Out is the best fast food chain to work for, consistently paying more than MickieD's, Wendy's and the rest.
I think it's the combination of all those things...  What I do know is that they never get my order wrong, the people at In-n-Out are always happy to see me and friendly to me and the burgers and fries are always the best of any fast food chain (OK, not the best drive through burger in town...and you know who you are Lucky Boy:)   So when the "In-n-Out urge" strikes, swing through In-n-Out Burger and get yourself a 3x3, mustard grilled, extra toast, a side of fries well done, and an extra large shake...  That'll satisfy at least one of your In-n-Out urges...I can't help you with the other ones:)

Sometimes it's just the simpler things in life which stand out, and when I can enjoy a delicious lunch for under $5, I'm a happy girl :)  I LOVE this hamburger, and I generally don't eat red meat 99% of the time.
For I&O Burger, I am forced to make an exception with zero regret.
I recently read that some of the countries top chefs were polled as to their favorite fast food pick.
I&O Burger won hands down.
A single burger without cheese, grilled onions, substitute mustard for special sauce.....pure heaven!
And, this location has a nicely landscaped drive-thru...not sure why I noticed, but it was a pleasant wait for a perfectly prepared burger and fabulous fries.

double-double, protein style, with pickles and spread only please.
and a medium iced tea.
in-n-out gets it.
i like my burger the way i like it, and they don't mind serving it my way.
they have never screwed up my order.
they have the best iced tea, and fresh lemon wedges that aren't pathetically small.
they pay their workers a fair wage, and you can tell - they're all nice and happy.
love me some yummy, cheap eats and service with a smile!

Great place wish they had these in new York this is not a chain there only in four states and are ALL owned by the same family since 1948.
Ten times better than any fast food burger joint and extremly friendly.

I've had In-N-Out in Vegas and LA and this location does not disappoint.
This place is guaranteed to actually get your order right unlike most fast food places in the area... and imagine, YOU CAN ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND WHAT THE PERSON WHO WORKS THE DRIVE THROUGH IS SAYING because English is their first language!

All Californians love the In&Out.. and after a stressful ASU loss a couple weeks back..
I had to get my burger on..
These workers are the happiest I have seen..
I love their red aprons and have always wondered, 'How can I get a big safety pin like that'??
LOL.. doesnt take much I guess to make me happy.. just a cheeseburger...and fries.. and oh yeah.. Id love the big red safety pin and red apron too!
:-)

One yuppie somehow got the notion that In N Out Burger was cool.
He/she convinced two more yuppies this was true.
Now every yuppie in town believes it is cool to say In N Out Burger is good.
Truth be told , it is average.

While living up in the PNW of Washington I would see these tee-shirts and bumper stickers for the In n Out Burger joints and wonder what I was missing.
So I come to AZ and I see them all over.
One day (months ago) I try one.
Hmmm I haven't missed a darn thing is my conclusion.
It hasn't grown on me.
I've not been tempted to return.
I've been repelled to avoid it is more like what happened.
All desire to experience it again was removed by one visit to this lame enterprise.
Nothing is cool about it, fun about it, or great.
I love burgers and fries, can eat them three or more times a week if I allowed myself, however this place doesn't do the great American meal any justice, sorry they could fold up and close their doors without making a blip on any radar screen of dining experience.

I don't get it  no.
really.
Just.
Don't.
Get.
It.
Alright, so maybe I'm not a hamburger fan - but i am when it's good, prime, juicy, beef (like kobe, for instance).
And the fries?!
O.  M.  G....  D R Y !
That said: the service is very cool.
Top Notch.
Days gone by.
Anyone I have visit from Canada is in awe when I take them here - and I do it serisouly for the service experience - oh, and when I get "is there a burger place around"  (G R O A N ......here we go again....)   So, aunite & uncle were happy.
I didn't even touch a fry.
sorry.
GR8 service (as usual) today - Kudos... and high 5 to ya's

There isn't a day that goes by that I don't drive by this place and have to physically steer straight.
My vehicle seems to understand my adoration for this burger joint.
Let's get real people.
This is fast food at its finest.
I don't even recall my last step into somewhere other than In-N-Out when my girlies or my belly required food in a jiffy.
There isn't a thing about this burger that isn't perfection to me.
Yes, of course my inner Foodie would prefer going all Gourmet.
But not everyday.
And sometimes fast and furious is just what we busy Mommas need.
From the soft yet crispy-in-all-the-right-places bun, to the super fresh greens onion and tomato to that darn sauce that will haunt you.
I want to tuck it in my cheek for later.
My daughters get it plain "meat, cheese and bun" style and even that earns a medal in my book.
I also love the fries.
You can tell how fresh they are and even my everything-is-a-vehicle-for-ketchup daughter will eat these fries.
That's a pretty big deal.
Go animal style (grilled with mustard, fried onions, extra sauce) for when you feel you deserve or require special treats.
Go protein style when you want to lower your carb intake.
But just go.
GO NOW!

Violetta - employee taking great care of guests.
Wow

Good stuff.
Long line great perfectly prepared burger.
Mmmmmmmmmmm.
Mmmmmmmmmmm.
Need I say more?
I think not.
The only person who shouldn't love these guys would be a vegan!

"MMMM.
THIS IS.
A TASTY BURGER.
" - Jules.
Pulp Fiction.
I like this place, my siblings like this place, and it's the best thing I've got to remembering better times back home in California.
It's a quick fix for people who want good burgers at a decent price.
It always hits the spot when I'm feeling like a fatty.
:)  Even considered biking all the way here from my house when my car was dead and going through the drive through.
(Coz the cool kids did it back then...
In CA anyway haha.
And employees didn't care.
) I agree that drive thru is an atrociously long wait during the afternoon (after school).
Peeps who work here seem pretty chill since I always ALWAYS, ask them for the hats and throw dozens and dozens of ketchup packets in with my to-go orders.
Biiiiiiiiiiig plus!

I have to say, I'm not terribly impressed.
I mean, with all the hype, I was half expecting to derive some sort of sexual pleasure from my hamburger.
It didn't happen.
THE GOOD: Hamburgers are pretty good (Although I've had better)  Service is always great  They'll put your order in a box if you're eating it in the car  THE BAD: The fries suck.
I'm sorry, but they do.
They're terrible.
It's not exactly "fast food" when there are 375,918,003 customers waiting in line.
I'm not thrilled with the "secret menu" thing.
Seriously, if I have to be a Navajo Code Talker to order off your damn menu, that's not cool.
BOTTOM LINE:  In-N-Out makes for a nice change of pace.
The burgers are certainly better than say, McDonald's or Burger King.
A little more expensive than your average fast food establishment, but all the cool kids eat here.

I love them too much.
Try to limit my visits to once a month because they are just so darn good.
Fresh!
I have never gotten bad food here.
I have always had friendly, fast efficient service.
The prices are right, the food is fresh non nonsense straight forward good.
I know there's probably 5000 calories in the meal, but plan for the occasion and splurge once in awhile.
It's better than McDonalds with a bunch of frozen chemicals.

I live close to this In-N-Out, but we don't frequent fast-food burgers much,  'cuz I cook a lot and am a burger snob to boot.
BUT.... sometimes the fast route is in order.
Recently, we popped through the drive through at 10p for one of those "teenager is starving and we ate dinner 3  hours ago" moments.
This happens frequently- we go to pick up one of our kids from some event and they are "starving".
My kitchen's done-closed for the night, and they luck out by getting a half-way decent drive thru burger.
And since there are a couple other people in the car, we end up picking up a variety pack so end the growling stomachs and to avoid food envy.
What is what In-N-Out is to me... a decent burger, steps above the McD's experience.
Still, not a stellar burger, but good.
Sorry folks, the fries do not amaze me.
Yes they are fresh cut potatoes but if you've ever made really good fries, you should really soak you spuds in ice water for a while to bring down the starch so that they fry up crisper.
But- the fries are OK.
Here's the "5 star" part:    Accurate orders- my kids order a hundred different variations, and they always get the order right.
Grilled onions- not commonly available via drive-thru  Their "protein style" is a lifesaver if you avoiding bread.
This is the burger wrapped in lettuce, BTW.
Ingredients that weren't processed back in New Jersey, chemicalized and trucked cross-country.
This stuff is fresh.
Food hot and fresh, service friendly.
Here's the "2-3 star" part:  Fries-  ehh.
Just OK  Wait- we always hafta wait in line, because they are busy.
But wait we do.
Price- every time i leave, I think "wow, we coulda gone somewhere and sat down" for this amount...   OK, after this review I'll assemble my short-list of good burger places!

You know the story of regional burger place In-N-Out.
They never freeze their meat, so they're only located near their suppliers, which means that unless you're in California, Arizona, Nevada and even Utah, you can't get In-N-Out.
The secret menu I never figured out past asking for my burger "animal style", because I pretty much stopped at what I thought was awesome.
This particular franchise is located near a heavily trafficked shopping area north of Phoenix proper, and it is staffed by some very friendly and attentive people.
It was clean, it was well kept, and the food was as I expected from my many visits to In-N-Out in California- tasty burger, fresh-cut and slightly greasy fries and cold beverages.
I like the burgers better at Five Guys, but In-N-Out has a charm and a superior level of service that makes it a pleasant place to dine.
Someone actually hired the employees here for their customer service skills and not because they were the cheapest help they could find.
That is a reason to patronize this location, right there.
Plenty of outdoor seating for the always excellent Valley weather and good for people watching, too.

Best fast food hamburger place in the country.
I'm just saying...
Forget what you know about fast food places.
In-N-Out Burger is a different breed.
Yes, they still have order takers and drive thru windows, but that's where the similarities end.
In-N-Out Burger distinguishes itself with high quality fresh food and outstanding service, all served in a sparkling clean environment.
Rumor has it they only hire students with high grade point averages to assure competent employees.
The difference shows.
The other thing is that they only serve three things: burgers, fries, and beverages.
They don't do many things, but they do them well.
The burger is 100% pure beef and served with real cheese, fresh juicy tomatoes, and hand-leafed lettuce.
Plus, they make every burger one at a time, cooked to order.
There isn't even a microwave or heat lamp in the building.
The fries are cut in the store, one potato at a time.
You can witness whole potatoes being cut as you stand at the order counter.
I don't understand why anyone would want to go to the McDonald's nearby.
Maybe nobody has told them about this tasty treasure just down the street?

I live in CO, so when I visited Phoenix for a business trip, I had to stop by In-N-Out Burger.
Were all the rumors from my West coast friends true?
Pretty much.
There burgers are delicious and the toasted buns are a nice touch.
Even better than our Colorado fast food staple Good Times, not to mention cheaper and open later.
Keep moving Eastward, In-N-Out, we want you in the Rockies.

Due to being a Vegetarian, the pure thought of In-N-Out used to make me feel a little unsettled and queasy.
I mean that's a LOT of meat being pumped out of one chain.
I digress.
Anyhow, I got dragged there and boy oh boy am I glad I gave it a chance!
I had a grilled cheese that has now become my Valley favorite.
It's delicious!
Has lettuce, tomato, house dressing and perfectly melted cheese.
They even cook it in on a "meat free" surface... (I watched).
The fries are also tasty as can be.
I used to think they were too floppy and soggy, but they have crispied them up a bit.
There is always a massive line of cars at this location, so be prepared to wait a little while.
The people work incredibly fast, though, so it always amazes me how fast the line moves.
They have a smile and are friendly.
Keep an eye out for tips or search their website for non-listed menu items and styles.

I admit it, I would sit in a drive through for an hour to get my double double and chocolate milkshake.
No guilt, no shame.
If you haven't eaten at In-N-Out, you need to.
I hear that they are coming through as far east as Texas--I'm just waiting for them to get to Indy so I can remind my taste buds what a burger should taste like.

Always a safe bet for a quick greasy burger and fries.
McDonalds and Burger King are lucky to still be in business with competition like this popping up everywhere.

I went here and ordered a hamburger about two minutes til closing, and sure enough i was in the ER with severe stomach pains by 3 AM.
I am about 99% sure that is what caused it but due to the inability to give a stool sample within the first few hours the doctors were unable to absolutely say it was their fault... Plus the wait times are horrible even for expensive food and a small menu to go along with the terrible service.
I would recommend anybody who wants to get a hamburger late at night, to go elsewhere unless you want to run the risk of severe stomach pains and nausea!

It's In N Out........what more really needs to be said???
If you haven't been to In N Out you're obviously not from The West Coast where In N Out is a staple of burger life.
All of the food is prepared fresh and I love the tomatoes and lettuce they use.
The service has always been friendly and enthusiastic.
God forbid I ever move somewhere where they don't have In N Out.

OK, I know this chain is very popular but I gotta say I don't get it.
The burgers are so generic and the fries look and taste like they are three days old.
I have been to several In N Out Burgers throughout Arizona and California so I know I have given them more than their fair shake at impressing me.
One credit I can give them they are consistently disappointing.

Glad I still have a little piece of San Diego here in Phoenix.
One of my favorite places to grab a animal style burger and well fries.
Love the simplicity of the menu and the spread is better than anything else you can put on a burger.
The spread is great with fries too!

After living out west for ages, I moved to San Antonio.
Home to ZERO In-N-Out Burgers!
It was a long few years, but now I am here in Phoenix, and I have been reunited with my old flame.
We picked up just where we left off.
You would never know we hadn't seen or heard from one another in four years.
I took hold of the hot, fresh, juiciness and went to town.
After a few short minutes, it was over.
I wiped the remaining secret sauce from my face.
All I could think about was when we would do it again.....
It will be soon, I assure you it will.
Here are a few of the reasons why In-N-Out gets a solid for stars from me.
-There are no microwaves, heat lamps or freezers -They use additive, preservative and filler free beef -The fries are fresh cut all day long -The shakes are made from real ice cream -This is a private, family owned company, with no plans to go public or franchise -The employees smile and make you feel like your business is appreciated.
It is always packed, so be prepared to wait a few minutes.
If you like crispy fries, be sure to order them well done.
If you don't eat meat, order a grilled cheese (prepared on meat-free cooking surface).
Learn the secret In-N-Out lingo, or just order your burger animal style...

Consistently good.
Friendly service and clean restrooms are always a plus in my book.

Total In-and-out fan here.
The food is always fresh, prepared fresh and from fresh ingredients.
This is a high-quality fast food that will not strain your wallet.
They have a very simple menu, hamburgers, french fries, shakes and sodas.
This is a privately-owned corporation, family-owned and managed.
Prices are very reasonable, considering what you get.
Service is always exceptional and the food is delicious - with a not-so-secret secret ordering system that allows you to jazz up the items with tried-and true mods.
My typical order is a double-double, animal and protein style, with a large iced tea.
This is a double cheeseburger, with grilled onions, special sauce and pickles, wrapped in lettuce.
It's a hot mess.
And it does not kill the wallet at just over $5 you cannot complain about this deal.

Phoenix is LUCKY to have In-N-Out(s).
Moving out of the LA area meant that we didn't have an In-N-Out nearby.
Problem solved!
Most importantly - The food is consistently fantastic.
Don't go to some other guy's place for a burger.
Go here.
Important backup information: - CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN.
Oh yes, the tables are constantly cleaned by their staff.
Did I mention the bathrooms are spotless also?!
- Helpful Staff - Great hiring practices at In-N-Out because the staff is friendly, quick, efficient, and well trained.
- Secret Menu - I mentioned the great food, but checkout the secret menu at their website: http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asp  Fun and quick place for a fantastic burger.

Sweet Animal style fries, Oh how good they are when HOT and the Cheeseburgers are always great too!!!
Oh so good!!!
***The service is always GREAT!!!
Such nice people work here!!

Quality food made the way you like it.
Great service and prices.

Great, Tasty, Juicy burger.
Fry's are steamy and fresh.
Do you really think they only have a menu with only 3 types of burgers.
They also have a secret menu that most people don't even know about.
Check this link out!
http://daviswiki.org/In-N-Out_Secret_Menu  Anyway I will never forget my first In-N-Out Burger!

Excellent service!
Great fries!
Love the protein style!

mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm1

UNSANITARY  Normally In-N-Out is great.
When my wife and I visited this location on 2-9-13.
We had to leave halfway through the order!
While I was deciding what to order, a worker wearing gloves brought out a tray of food to a customer's table and then she came over to the register and started taking our order.
Halfway thru the order, another girl came and took over to finish typing it into the register.
The girl that had been touching dirty plastic trays and typing on the dirty register then went back and started assembling a hamburger for someone while wearing the same gloves.
I don't have OCD but I can't stand it when a worker is wearing gloves to prepare food and then touching other things (register keypads, serving trays).
Why even wear gloves at all?

Although I don't live that far from here, I don't come here that often.
There is no real reason, but I do find the very small menu rather misleading.
Besides your choice of hamburgers, fries and drinks, the fact the don't list the Style of fires being offered I find in poor taste.
I had no idea they they even offered "Animal Style" fired until I read a review on yelp.
Who would have guessed.
Maybe it's a trade secret.
Anyway the food was good, but the delievery of said food was a little on the slow side.
Maybe it was the time of day, as there were several people waiting and everyone was working.

This is consistently one of their best locations and I have been to many of them.
Food and Service always rate above the rest.
These are not gourmet burgers.
Simple menu with fresh ingredients and quick service for a great value.
There is a top secret menu that you can Google for some fun options.
There is one associate named LUZ who is my favorite and makes this a 5 STAR experience.
When she is there she always greets you and helps you get seated while making sure everything is perfect in the dinning area.
Her smile, grace and enthusiasm makes me want to come back again and again.
Thumbs up!
I normally like to order the 3X3 or the 4X4 with everything then add pickle plus an order of fries with a couple sides of spread.
Sometimes I bring some of my home grown Chiltepin Peppers to add some kick.
Can get really busy during peak hours.
Shares the same parking lot as Sprout's.
Just smell for the aroma of grilled onions and beef in the air.
Hard to resist.

Originally from SoCal, been eating InNOut for 30 years.
Slowest drive service in 30 years at this location.
I was worried they were being held up, or that their line cooked passed out.
Slow, Slow, Slow.

Best fast food burger joint around.
Always have great service and great food.
You be filled up and happy.
Get the double double animal style for a little something extra.
Also if you like crispy French fries order them well done and you won't go wrong.
Never had a bad experience at any location and love the franchise.
Try it if you haven't.

Clean & very Friendly Staff!
ordered the famous "In-N-Out" Cheese-burger, Fries & medium Root Beer for $5.79!
WOW!
the only drawback the food took 15 mins to get!
otherwise the food was delicious!

In-N-Out, the speed of service and the quality of food exist within the name itself.
Over the years the company has not allowed competitors or customers to affect its quality of food or the incredible assistance it provides constantly.
From the usual double-double with everything on it to the delicious strawberry shake waiting on the counter, In-N-Out products do not cease to please or surprise.
By using exuberant welcoming colors such as yellow, red, and white, sitting inside the restaurant proves to be both enjoyable and exciting.
Simplicity, the key to In-N-Out's success has proven to be a valuable piece in the growth and advancement of the company.
All in all In-N-Out Burger provides both an experience and quality for anyone from 10 to 100 to enjoy!

I am not a huge fan of fast food but I make an exception with in and out.
Their burgers actually taste like they are made with real meat and real ingredients that are fresh.
Their fries are not super greasy and their milkshakes are icing on the cake

Can't go wrong.
This place is amazing.
Only complaint, long lines.

now i know why everyone i know from the west coast cries a little when they find out there aren't any in-n-out burgers on the east coast.
the burgers here are fresh and made to order.
prices are unbeatable.
definitely ask for spread to dip your fries in!

Like every In and Out, the perfect meal perfectly prepared.
And the people working there, as at all of them, super nice and friendly.
Always my first stop when I travel to a city that has them.

In-n-out has got to be the best fast burger joint out there.
A double double animal style is one of the greatest things you'll ever have.

I recently visited Phoenix for the first time, and the one thing I was really excited for was to try my first In-N-Out burger.
I've heard things.
I've seen the "secret" menu.
I've thought about what I would order.
What I did end up ordering (and eating poolside) was a double-double, animal style, with fries and a strawberry shake.
Was it messy?
Yes.
Were the fries outstanding?
No, they were just A-OK Was the shake the best ever?
No, in my opinion, Portillo's has a better strawberry shake.
A-OK  But the burger?
That burger.
That mustard cooked patty, dripping in all of its animal style glory... That I'd go back for time and time again.

Always friendly smiles to ask for your order.
Clean fast and fresh.
Nothing better than that.
Only downside is the long lines inside and in the drive thru.

I love this location!
Not that I don't love every In-N-Out location!
The burger, shakes and fries never disappoint.
The service is always with a smile; just going through the drive-through puts me in a better mood.
And I LOVE when there is a person standing outside to take my order instead of screaming into a microphone in a box.
Yay!

I've eaten here twice.
I don't get the devotion of folks to this chain.
Yes, the burgers are delicious.
However, the handmade, fresh fries have no flavor.
The food takes a while to prepare.
The restaurant is a bit stark.

This is a very busy place for high school kids since the restaurant is open until 1am in the morning.
Great place to hang out with friends for quick bites to eat.
My usual order is 1 hamburger with grilled onions, 2 fries, and cup of water.
Haven't tried the secret menu or any animal style food yet, but heard that they were even better than the original food.
All food were never frozen before, so everything is fresh, especially the fresh cut fries with a bit seasoned salt on it.
Excellent meal and great and fast service every time I go there.

More like In and stuck in the friggin drive thru Waiting 20 min!!!
slowest fast food place I have ever been to!!

Wow...grease and filth!
This place (like all the others) gives new meaning to "gut burger".
Flavorless crap heaped on a bun with cold fries to fill in any void remaining.
Once was once too often.

Seriously?
What can you say about In n Out?
This location is consistently good and always has fast, friendly service.
The restaurant is clean and the drive thru is easy to get in n out of..

Upon landing in Phoenix the first thing our children said was "let's find an in and out burger!
"  New York doesn't have in and out burgers and they hoped by being " out west" they could have the treat they remembered from other trips, and they were not disappointed.
Delicious hamburgers, shakes and fries.
Fast service even with a line.
And a Target nearby for us to gather necessities for our trip.
A great way to begin our National Parks adventure.

