I would rather be a human pinata...
I would rather watch Cloverfield again....ugh...
I would rather be the guy who has to clean busstop areas....  ...than ever, ever see a movie here.
I've left shoes behind the floors are so sticky.
Wads of gum EVERYWHERE.
And it's like Chuck E Cheese decided to open a movie theater.
Crying.
Screaming.
Kicking.
And that's me trying to shut the little snot nosed brats up!
Seriously.
Stay at home.
Watch the best of David Caruso.
Or watch Pamela Anderson on Celebrity Jeopardy.
Watch the grass grow.
Watch water boil.
Just don't watch a movie here.
You'll thank me!

confession:  i have am srsly one of the more passive agressive ppl that i know.
sometimes it's problematic...an example of why this is a problem occurred while watching harry potter and the half blood prince at this theater.
the theater itself rates at about three stars...it's nothing special, charges  ridiculous amounts of money for popcorn and has only barely elevated "stadium" seating...but the service is great.
nice ppl, especially when they come in before the movie starts and give INSTRUCTIONS on how to be a POLITE movie-goer.
i'm sitting in the aisle that separates the "stadium seating" from the front, flat section.
it was the best seat available in a theater filled with obnoxious children and some crappy seating options.
i have had ppl walking past me, kicking my feet, shoving their strollers into me...i have a 3 year old sitting behind me, which is always a portent for trouble...i am not super happy at this point.
THEN, ppl wanna sit right next to me.
okay, i get it...i got a good seat and you wanna have one too.
check, i'm not greedy...have a seat.
quiet little old lady sits down.
THEN...THEY arrive.
(keep in mind that THEY arrived AFTER the "polite movie goer" speech.
)  if i had known how THEY would be, i would have tripped THEM and repeatedly kicked THEM in the head while THEY were down, resulting in traumatic brain injuries and, hopefully, death.
or i would have just denied THEM the opportunity to sit next to me and ruin my entire harry potter experience.
THEY spoke in spanish to each other throughout the entire movie.
THEY had a phone which beeped obnoxiously every five minutes.
THEY brought in a plastic bag full of goodies.
these goodies include a super crinkly bag of chips, individually wrapped candies and cans (CANS!!!
) of soda.
THEY got up repeatedly to walk to the bathroom, which meant that the plastic bag of goodies and beeping purse had to be transfered to and from the seat LOUDLY every time.
combine that with the GODDAMN, OBNOXIOUS, EVIL three year old behind me, constantly kicking the back of my chair and i wanted to punch someone in the FACE.
i was torn between THEM and the three year old.

Intolerable.
Sticky floors.
Guttersnipe clientele.
So say this is possibly the worst theater experience of my life is an understatement.
When I used to live on this side of town, I'd visit this theater out of "convenience of location.
" Worst thing ever!
Not only is the place run-down looking, but you should expect to have people talking through the entire movie, throwing things towards the front, and the employees to be about as useful as thermal blankets in hell.
Going here is like pulling out my toe nails with rusty pliers, only mutilating my body and potentially getting tetanus would have a much more pleasant after effect.
Don't go.

Worst Theater ever - avoid at all costs.
Well, if you can tolerate the smell, sticky floors, etc., it's actually 50 cents cheaper for students.

I've lived in a 2 mile radius of this theater for years, but only made it here recently on a whim since "Bridesmaids" was playing at a decent time.
I didn't check the yelp reviews before I went, but perhaps they cleaned the floors a bit as I didn't notice the stickiness at all.
I was actually pleasantly surprised at the short lines, clean bathrooms, and decent movie selection.
Will this ever be my "go-to" theater?
Probably not...
I'm more of a Camelview type of girl.
But, is it a decent alternative to go see a mainstream movie?
Of course it is!
And by the way, Bridesmaids was really cute...

If you're on this side of town with no more gas to go to another theater I suppose this is okay.
The people that come to this theater is more teenagers than adults.
It's got that hip hop vibe where people will talk about you behind your back and throughout the movie too.
Never, and I mean never watch any type of horror film here because you will be aggravated by people laughing inappropriately, talking, girls screaming stupidly, and guys trying to scare their date and in the meantime being loud as hell.
Yes, it is that kind of theater and don't think you will get away by coming all late at night, "they" are nocturnal too.

Terrible seating.
It needs to be updated from 1985.
Saw Girl with The Dragon Tattoo.
I confess I am an AMC man but went cuz one of my besties didn't want to stray far.
Left with a creakkk in my neck from the seating.
Won't be back.

I can't believe that Harkins has their name on this theater.
Maybe they forgot about it; it sure seems like they did.
The floors are sticky, the chairs feel unstable, the sound is weak, and if you sit too close to the top you can hear the loud reel spinning throughout the entire movie which is really distracting.
I do not recommend this theater at all!

I love going to this theatre!
It is never busy.
You don't have to go 30+ minutes before your movie to get an okay seat.
You can go 5-10 minutes before, walk right up, buy your ticket, buy your food and drink, and find a good seat no problem.
It is a pretty small theatre, but if they have the movie playing that I want to see I go here every time.
The only bad thing is they don't have all of the food options a lot of the larger theatres have.
They obviously have the basics like popcorn and candy, but for more substantial food they only have hot dogs.
My roommate was a little disappointed because she was looking forward to having a pretzel, but they didn't have them.
If you go not expecting a Harkins Cine Capri then you will love it.
No lines, no waiting, great seats!

Older theater.
Needs updating.
However, the tickets are $1 cheaper, so I think they take that into account.
There are definitely better options but if you want to save a few bucks, it's not horrible.
And it's not busy which is a plus.

Dirty.
This location is just plain grimy.
The floors are filthy the bathrooms are horrendous and the theaters smell.
Thankfully the staff is decent.
I'd steer clear of this location if you can help it...
This is Arcadia I expected more.
I feel like this would be a great location if they updated the theaters and work on the sanitary conditions.
Dine in movies maybe?

I am reluctant to pay any attention to complainers from other parts of the country.
This Harkins does a good job and those of us that live in the area really appreciate it and then we do not have to go to the theaters that service the special people that believe they are the truly important ones!
No crowds, fit me fine.......it seems that the complaints come from a particular type  that nothing will satisfy.
As for movie disturbances that is when you get your butt off the seat and go to the management, if you don.t want children, then go to a different time slot...duh!
Get over your boring self.
Thank goodness these people have jobs and show up for work!

