This post office is understaffed whenever I visit.
Today there was a line nearly to the door with one person working at the counter.
The vending machines are regularly out of the most popular stamps.
It's not easily accessible, with a roundabout u-turn at the end of the block required if you're coming the wrong way up Town Center Drive.
Blah.
I avoid this one.

With the exception of Christmas, this Post Office is a great location to get your mail out because there are rarely any long lines like the ones you find at the other locations in Vegas.
It's also very convenient for me as I workout next door at the 24 Hour Fitness.
The people here are very friendly and it's a pretty relaxed environment.
Will I return?
You bet.

The employees here are knowledgeable and polite.
The lines get super long in the mornings, around noon, and after people get off of work.
Expect to wait 20+ minutes if you happen to come at these times.
I try to use the Automated Postal Center (APC) when I can and with that, I'm usually out within 5 minutes.
I have never had a bad experience with it.
Also, when my sister had her three kids' passports done here, they were completely finished in less than two weeks!
Woohoo!
This is #1 post office in Vegas!

When I first moved to Las Vegas, I used to avoid his place when possible because the lines were so huge.
Today, I made a quick stop to drop of some mail, and I was surprised to see that there was almost no line even though people would be in the Christmas mailing rush.
Since most post offices now have self serve package weighing a buying postage, the lines have shrunk.
Still, I'd rather print postage at home and avoid the PO altogether.

So nice, so pleasant.
My new favorite post office.

The supervisor is a indian dude who has no understanding what so ever about customer service .
All He does is out the blame on some one else .
I sent a Box to Tehran for Christmas since we are Christian and the Box was return back to me after 2 weeks with a huge hole in in the bottom and all cracked up in one side of it .
I took the box to the Post office to see #1 why was return back to me ?
#2 why is all messed up ?
All this dude had to say was : I don't know call them , I don't know call the 800 # !!!
He never once said sorry our fault , let me fix it for you , let me give you a new box?
or let me contact the custom for you ?
he did not nothing , NOTHING.

This is the post office closest to my job.
While the lines can be long during peak hours, the employees are always very courteous, polite, and friendly.
Their great customer service goes a long way with me!

this place is like the DMV whenever i go.
It's always so busy!
I just come here cause it's close to the house.
Otherwise, I usually go to another location cause i know i won't be waiting in line forever.
I was looking for the large flat rate boxes once and I couldn't find any in the display area.
I walked over to the side counter to ask for some assistance.
I know he was with a customer but he completely ignored me for about 5mins.
He didn't acknowledge me at all.
I waited patiently until he said something to me.
when I asked about the boxes, he  was so rude about it.
With that said, i try to avoid this post office as much as i can.

I have to give it 3 stars because whenever I go the workers are not friendly and they are usually out of flat rate boxes.
If I have to ask for help with something they act like I am bothering them.
It is close by so that is the only reason I go there.
They do have a kiosk for shipping which is nice.
I generally do most everything at the kiosk.
I can go at 2 am and it is there to use.
It is kinda small so when it is busy it is cramped inside.

I used to frequent the Russel Road location, but change of jobs has put me up in Summerlin.
This post office kicks that post offices' ass!
Much faster moving line, much more friendly staff.
It's the post office so it has peak times that you should AVOID, but if you know when not to go it can be a pleasant experience.

Horrible Service!!!
The passport line is ridiculous!!
They made us wait for an hour!
STANDING!
The lady was so rude!
She said this yelling at us complaining "My lunch break was 15mins ago I need to leave someone will help you right NOW!
" we waited another 30mins!
Need to improve NOWWW!
This gets me fired up!

This office is the living epitome of slow service.
There is always a long line, the self serve packaging is always tore up, and the overall condition of the building is dirty.
3 stars because there is a self serve kiosk that has always been working when I needed to use it!

Yes, there are lines.
Yes, it's a post office run by the government.
That being said, the staff here is courteous and patient.
They don't let the negative moans of the majority of their patrons effect them.
They do their job diligently, and actually give a hoot about getting your package to its destination in the best way possible.

I never had a bad experience in post office  till I moved here in Summerlin!
The mailman is the most irresponsible of all!
I've lost a few packages since a year and half ago.
The tracking says "delivered" but we don't receive it!
The worst part is that the two managers who work there don't even bother following up on complains and calling back after leaving messages or going there in person.
I can't believe a government organization can get away with all these problems for so long.
I don't know how many people like us are missing their mails!

Awesome experience.
Went on a Saturday afternoon.
One person in front of me in line.
The man behind the counter was efficient and moved people through quickly, unlike every other post office I have ever been through.
I like the fact that you can get your passport here as well.

Long lines, unfriendly staff, worst place ever, pay more and ship other shipping services, the staff is so rude I can't believe it.
I never will step foot in that place again.

You'e better off going to a different location.
I recently purchased a house and came to my nearest post office to have a key made for my mailbox.
I went on a Friday and they asked me to come back Monday and gave me a number to call first to make sure it is made on time.
Called Monday, not ready.
Called Wednesday, not ready.
Decided to stop in Thursday and it was STILL NOT READY.
I left Sheila with my number to call me once it was made which ended up being later that day.
I went in Friday and they then gave me an issue for me not having my name on the paper.
To me it is just a big disorganized mess.

Worst customer service I had ever received.
There always seems to be a long line when we go in so I wasn't expecting anything less when we came on a weekday during lunch to drop off my save the date post cards for our wedding.
Because it was a long line, I took the opportunity to call my friend to wish her a happy birthday.
There was one gentleman working the counter and when I was the second to the front in line, some older lady came out of the passport office and looked at me and then said to the lady behind me "I can help you in the purple, because I can't help her she is on the phone" in the rudest of rude voices!
Since when is it not allowed to talk on the phone at post offices.
Maybe its impolite, but I would have hung up the second she came to help me!
This lady did not even give me the opportunity.
About 10 seconds later I hung up the phone and apparently she could not help the lady in purple because she asked me to come into her office to be helped.
She did not greet me or say anything nice.
I then told her that I had ordered special stamps with my fiance and my photo on them for our save the date cards and I have heard of a technique called "hand-canceling" where you can manually hand-stamp the postcards so they are not run through a machine which would cover the stamp.
Because I spent good money on these stamps, this was important to me and I had other friends in the past utilize this service.
The lady did not have any idea what I was talking about and was very rude to me.
After waiting for 30 minutes in line you would think she would be sympathetic and at least attempt to find what I was looking for.
Basically, after 5 minutes of explaining what I needed, she continued to say that she could not help me.
FInally, I said "I guess there is no way to hand-cancel then," and her response was "Well there is, but for a price.
It costs extra per post card.
" At this point I was annoyed because there was a way to hand-cancel and the lady pretended she did not know.
So I agreed that I wanted to pay extra to have them not go through the machine.
She then made me sit there and count every card to determine the cost which I was happy to do.
About 5 minutes later, I told her I had 115.
She then pulled out the ugliest George Washington stamps that she basically was going to put over my cute little photo stamps of me and my fiance.
Now, I thought I was in the twighlight zone.
If I did not want a barcode over my stamps in the first place, why would I want a gigantic photo of george washington covering my stamps?
I then got very irritated and told her no that is not what we want and she said I could not be helped.
She never once took a second to ask someone else what hand-canceling was or whether they offered it.
I eventually went to another post office in Las Vegas and they happily allowed me to hand-stamp my postcards at the post office and I gladly did so.
What is hilarious is that I had a couple more to stamp and went back to the Summerlin location.
A younger gentleman assisted me and he was so kind and allowed me to hand-cancel my remaining save-the-dates!
LOL this post-office needs consistency!
Props to the nice younger guy that helped me and cracked some jokes along the way.
Maybe he will eventually rub off on the crotchety older lady in the passport office!

In the two years that I used this Post Office since moving to the area I can recall just one time where I had an interaction with a pleasant employee.
The other times I've walked out thinking why the F did I give this location another chance.
Rude, unpleasant,  unfriendly.
Why bother coming to work at all?!?
Add to that if you ever use the self-serve machine it should come with a warning that it takes up to five minutes to spit out your postage.
I can't imagine how many people have lost money using it because the delay is so long that you think it's broken.
Lesson learned.
I will not be using this office ever again.

Never more than 2 people working here yet they serve how many hundreds of thousands of tax paying residents of the state and country?
The post office is broken and this facility is the living embodiment of that.
Look to ups, fedex , DHL or even amazon on how to work in this century.
Morons.

Long lines and poor service.
Line out the door and only 1 register open.
Snobby attitude as well to back it up.

Always a ridiculous long line with one counter open.
Also have had an issue when I picked up "held" mail and they continued to hold our mail after that.
Had to go wait in line 45min yet again to get it figured out.
They are usually helpful when you finally make it up to the counter but it is just unbelievably understaffed.

Could this place be even slower?
There's often a line when we've gone, with only one or two people working.
We go so rarely that I don't even think about the line until I open the door and have to stop short.
Other than long lines, they seem to be well-equipped, and some of the staff are quite.
nice.

This post office stole a $2000 laptop that was shipped by my wife.
The package never made it to the local sort facility.
The station manager is unhelpful as well as the other managers there.
Also be wary of there employees they lie.
A lady told my wife couldn't  buy tracking on a priority mail item going to me down range at an APO because  the employee said the military doesn't like tracking numbers on stuff going down range which is a total lie, amazon, ect all come with tracking numbers when items are sent to an APO.
Needless to say we filed a claim as my item was insured for $2000 and now the postal investigators are looking at video tape to see who stole my package either the clerk at the register the driver.
Needless to say we've been going through the run around with this post office and hopefully I will get my money back and someone goes to federal prison for stealing mail.
Long story short AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!

I just moved into the house.
So I ordered a bunch of stuff off Amazon arriving on different days.
Nothing ever came to my door.
I work at home full time, but I have never heard a single doorbell.
Tracking says all the packages are delivered, I haven't gotten a single item.
Even though Amazon refunded everything, I am still feeling peeved since I need the items on time.

The Summerlin post of seems to always be busy with a long line.
It's probably one of the longest waits of all the post offices I have been to and feels very much like the DMV!

I always have a problem with one of the workers EVERY TIME she "helps" me.
Please tell me, why when you have a sign that already states you are short employees today, do you have one employee behind the counter and one handing out those stupid papers that eliminate any time of personable relationship with whoever checks you out.
Does the postal employee behind the counter really need a piece of paper that says stamps or tape???
Why don't you keep both of the workers behind the counter so that there isn't a line?!
ALSO, please lady, you see me, I'm VERY VERY pregnant, I just want to drop a box off.
I would put it through your little chute if it was big enough.
It already has the postage and everything, I ask you nicely to just put some tape on the label because I noticed it peeling off, but you want me to wait in your 30 minute line to hand a box to the lady on the other side of the counter so she can stick some tape on the corners of my label?!?!
No, let me hand you a piece of paper on it that says tape and you can wait in line.
Yes because I want to wait 30 minutes in line for something that just needed to be dropped off.
The other women in there always just take packages to help the line go by quicker, but not this lady.
Goal!
This post office takes longer to get through than the actual DMV.
Just save yourself the time and fly your package to where it needs to go, it'll be quicker than stopping by this post office with their rude servicing.
And not all of the ladies are rude, I've had good experiences with the other ladies, it's just the one lady in specific.

