Pretty good food, decent service, average prices.
The bathrooms however are tiny and atrocious!
Don't go in there!

Typical Red Robin.
Good service, never much of a wait here on the weekend.

In the past I have been very satisfied with RR burgers but I ordered their peppercorn burger recently and was not particularly wowed by it.
It was a nice size but the flavor was lacking and the bun was dry.
For 9 bucks I expect a little bit more.
Expect to spend 15-20 per person with drink and tip.
Service has always been good here and the folks at the door greeting us and at exit really do a nice job.

Good enough burgers.
I would rather have 5 Guys.

Maybe it's just because we've had such lacklustre dining experiences since arriving in Madison, but my husband and I both truly enjoyed our meal here tonight!
It was super busy, but it's Friday, and we still only had to wait about five minutes for our table.
The hostess and server were both really friendly.
The server was busy, but as we sat down, she told us she'd be with us as soon as she could--and she was with us quickly, despite how busy her section was!
She also kept up with refills and was very friendly.
We also saw all the many tables get cleared very quickly and neatly.
The kitchen staff who brought out our food was also friendly, and a manager stopped by to check on everything.
So just on service alone, I'd give these guys four stars, since it was really good, especially considering how busy it was.
But then there was the food.
Now, I've not been to a Red Robin before, but I figured it was something like an Applebee's or similar.
Going in to the restaurant, that's what I expected, and was surprised to see the prices were a -bit- more.
However, when we got our food, it was significantly better.
The food was delicious, hot, and our requests to leave off various things were followed perfectly.
We both just had burgers, but we saw other things we'd love to come back and try.
For a chain restaurant, I wasn't expecting much, and this place was outstanding.
We'll definitely be going back.

Service = great.
Food = alright.
I've been here a few times over the years.
For a cheesy chain it's ok.
Nothing amazing.
But the endless fries and drinks are a pretty cool feature.

The service was very good and quick.
Ordered a Octoberfest burger and guest a cheeseburger.
The amount of Fries served was more than enough where asking for endless ones was not needed.
Can't say either of us was impressed with the burgers.
Both of us thought it was similar to meatloaf or had a filler (though that's doubtful).
Don't mind spending $10 for a burger, but IMO this one was not worth it.

It's a Red Robin, so you should know what you're going to get.
The food here was consistent with every other Red Robin I've eaten at.
Which I generally classify as not great, but not bad either.
What made me decide to give this particular Red Robin 4 stars is the service.
Both times I've been there, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the waitstaff.
The place seems to be staffed with younger adults who actually care about doing a good job, instead of the fresh out of high school clueless types.
If you don't mind Red Robin food and are in the area, stop in to this place and enjoy some decent service.

Great burgers!
Try the Whiskey River Barbecue Burger.

I have a go to dish I try everywhere I go.
That's the chicken tender salad, unfortunately, Red Robin doesn't add very much to it, so i usually ask for the Avo-Cobb-o with crispy chicken.
It's very tasty and worth every bite.
Their chicken is not too crispy nor too floppy.
The salads vegetables are fresh tasting and just swirl together for a fun taste.
I know this is a chain, but since it's close to my home- it's a good catch all for everyone.
I also enjoy reaping the Red Robin loyalty points.
I enjoy when a restaurant can give back to it's returning customers.

Good place for some unique burgers.
Bottomless steak fries.
Really good but unhealthy food.
The ambience is hit or miss.
If you have a family the good thing is that it is loud.
No one will care if your kid screams once in a while because the place already has a healthy din.
However, the seating can be good or it can be a nightmare.
They have some really long benches that they line up several tables at and put them about 1.5 feet apart from one another.
When we get our own table, it is great.
When we are put on one of those bench tables, it is infuriating and there isn't enough space to deal with small children.
Only other drawback here is that their water tastes horrible.
Basically it forces you to buy a drink.
Cheap business tactic.

I can say with all honesty, Red Robin makes a decent burger.
I think I've never had a lousy burger no matter what choice I ordered.
I'd give them higher marks except for the following.....
Noise level.
I don't know who designs the buildings, but the acoustics are horrid in here.
It's louder than a bus for of screaming infants on the way to visit the doctor.
No matter when I've went there, I've had to scream at others in my party to carry on a conversation.
"Bottomless" fries.
Here's a thought.
Bring out enough fries from the start.
My last trip I had 7 fries in my chrome fry tube.
Seriously.
I wasn't sure if they didn't have any left, or if the chef was hinting that i could lose a few lbs.
I wanted more fries, but you would have a better chance finding Kim Kardashian's virginity, before you found our waiter.
Attentive wait staff.
You are here to work, not talk about your date tonight, flirt with co- workers or stand and look out the window.
How about you check on your guests.
Ask them if they want refills (fries and soda) and maybe grab a mop and bucket and keep the place clean.
Another problem here is the condition of the place.
The saving grace there are the burgers.
Very good, and if you can deal with the loud noise and ho-hum service, you'll go away full.

Friendly service.
.. decent burger and fries.
Today we had the smoked pepper bacon burger.
Tasty.. with the reliable fries.
Also had a mini tower of onion rings.... very good with the dipping sauces  Our waitress was paying attention to stuff and our sodas stayed full... and we got the extra fries (I will eat them even if I don't want them.
.. Because bottomless fries are their  "thing".
Always a safe, if not inspired stop

