I have 2 cats.
I don't like these people.
Every time I've been there, I feel they charge me too much.
I don't like the advice they give.
I hate how they send me a million reminder letters - what a waste of money for them to mail.
I've switched to Dave & Rick's Dog & Cat Repair on Rural Rd (Rural & Elliot), and I feel a whole lot better.

Terrible.
We have 3 dogs, 3 cats.
We rarely see the same vet twice and on a recent visit with one of the cats: 1) his weight was read as 22 lbs, when he weighed 12;  2) the doctor said it could be one of three things and gave me medication that 'might work' along with a bill for $200+ ; 3) took the cat for grooming less than a week later only to be told he needed ANOTHER exam for a rabies shot AND he had gum disease and another possible infection - this info from a second doctor there.
450 bucks down, I am not returning.
Nurses are much warmer than the doctors, doctors could seem to care less.
I'd catagorize this place and overpriced and under managed.
Will not go back.

My dog came in with what they told me was a  fractured toe (he is all better now) ...It was very expensive (Over $1200 and all he really needed was a splint- not sure he even needed that).
The surroundings are impressive - like a real hospital, extremely clean and spacious.
The bill was astronomical, they have a huge billing staff  that  seemed ready to calculate all the costs...I definitely will not be going back.

Like many others who have written reviews before me, I found the place to be overpriced.
However, there hours (available when we needed them on Saturday evening) made up for some of that.
Also, the vet, can't remember her name now, seemed to know what she was doing and helped us get a correct diagnosis for our poor sick doggie.

Tempe Animal Hospital.
Baseline Animal Clinic.
Though it is a clean place with a nice staff, I too feel, like the many other reviews below, like they are ripping me off.
I've taken my dog there 5 or 6 times, but this is the last.
They guilt you into feeling like you should be paying $500 for multiple tests (urine, blood, stool) all at once, instead of trying perhaps one test at a time or really trying to diagnose the problem.
They don't talk about the issues in the room with you, but go out and work-up an estimate and bring it back in, like your dog is a car or something.
No other vet I've been to behaves this greedily.
I don't feel guilty for going to another vet who charges me less, works with me to find a cure and doesn't inflate their prices.

I've used University Animal Hospital for boarding my ferret, and they've been absolutely amazing every time.
They cat kennels are immaculately maintained and spacious, the staff deal well with animals of all varieties, and you get a nice summary at pickup of your pet's behavior (including important stuff like eating habits) while you were gone.
If you have a cat, they have a variety of options including kennels with a window view (perfect for bird watching) and multiple-cat kennels.
Birds, ferrets, guinea pigs...
If it's feathered or furry, they've boarded it and had happy customers, many of whom I've met when picking up or dropping off my own animal.
Their boarding prices are reasonable and not at all out of line with other places I called, unlike the complaints some Yelpers have about their veterinary pricing.

University Animal Hospital saved my little Chihuahua's life.
He had run away from home and got caught underneath a chain-link fence.
The damage was extensive.
He was bleeding profusely and in shock.
Without any hesitation, they took him in and immediately began saving him.
The scars have healed.
He is healthy, happy, and back to normal.
Their facility is clean and professional.
I feel incredibly comfortable taking my dog there for everything (e.g.
grooming, shots, check-ups.
)  To all the people that complain about the price: you get what you pay for.
I would rather pay 20% more and know that my vet is getting a reasonable profit margin.
There is a reason that University can get away with charging more than other vet hospitals in the vicinity.

We had to have our old dog euthanized and the vet (don't know his name, unfortunately) was so kind and gentle with all of us.
He handled the situation with class and grace.
I would give them 5 stars, but, again, they were a bit overpriced.
However, for this, it was worth it.

I am a fan of University Animal Hospital.
I have taken my dog there a few times and have felt like she was getting top notch care.
I don't know if their prices are reasonable or not, but I have been more than satisfied with their level of care.
My dog was sneaky and nosey enough to get into a bottle of medication in the house.
I called UAH, they fit me in immediately and were up front, and clear about my options and cost.
They helped me make an informed decision about the care I could afford.
They spent a lot of time talking through our options and explaining the different treatments available.
I never felt rushed.
They even found a few ways to cut down on the cost of the treatment.
I was very happy with the service.
My puppy is healthy as ever, and that is in no small part due to the car at UAH.
The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because on a number of visits one of the ladies working the front desk was downright not friendly.
Don't get me wrong, out of the 6 people working up front, she was the only one that didn't seem to care about her customer interactions.
Everyone else was great, but she left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
Yet I wouldn't hesitate to return.
I would trust my dog with them everyday of the week.

The service my dogs received was always top notch.
The doctors were always conscientious and polite and the service was always prompt.
But I have to agree with other posters; the bill always seemed pretty hefty.

Expensive.
However, they care that our darling pup (ok, she is 8 years old...) received when removing a growth from her butt (ok, now she is so embarrassed) was well worth it.
We were referred to Dr. Koch.
He answered all our questions & calmed all our fears.
Even called for follow-up after the surgery to check up on our recovering gal.
And now she is as spry as ever!

My wife and I have been taking our cats to University Animal Hospital for twp plus years now.
We've taken the cats in for a variety of reasons-shots, blood sugar/weight check for our older cat (she needs insulin now for diabetes) and putting in a locator chip and shots for the kitten we bought in September 2008.
The staff is always friendly and helpful.
Maybe I'm lucky, but I've always seen the same Doctor for our cats needs.
The Doctors and other Vet staff are very professional and have tons of experience.
The staff always explain what is wrong.
preventative measures or helpful hints.
When waiting for the Doctor, I always learn some facts on the touch  screens in the room.
I think that is a handy tool to pass the few minutes from when you enter the room until the Doctor arrives.
Animal care can be expensive!
I don't know of many vet places that aren't!
I'd rather pay for very good vet care for my animals then take the cheap way out and provide crappy care when they need it.
There are some bad vets out there!
I trust University Animal Hospital with my cats well being and would take a dog when that day comes.

This place is expensive and that's just it.
BUT, they are also extremely professional and have the staff, resources and equipment to deal with pretty much anything your pet comes down with.
Long time customer.
Most recent experience, I found a dog wondering around my neighborhood on a Sunday.
He didn't have a collar so I called them up to see if they can scan him for a chip.
Drove there, the staff scanned him, called the chip company, got the owners info, contacted the owner and reunited the dog with them within an hour.
4 stars because of price.

When your little beagle starts hacking and coughing like someone who smokes 4 packs a day, you have to do something.
I called around to some other nearby places to get price comparisons and the price to go to the University Animal Hospital was only slightly higher than others (not too much more, between 5 and 10 bucks) and they got me in the day I called.
The other places, while cheaper, said I'd have to wait a few days.
No thank you.
The place was much bigger than it looks from the outside.
It was clean, the staff was friendly and they took good care of my little girl.
(who had doggie whooping cough, by the way.
She picked it up at the county shelter when I took her to get a rabies shot.
)  University Animal Hospital opened in this neighborhood in Tempe in 1962 making them the oldest vet in Tempe and one of the oldest in the Arizona.
Like I always say, if any business can remain in business that many years in this city, they must be doing something right.
My little girl got  two shots, some medicine and a regular exam and it cost me about 140 bucks.
I don't know if that's "too much" or "too little" but my dog is better, I didn't have to drive very far and I went on my lunch break.
Seems worth it to me.

I have worked with many animal rescue groups over the years in the Valley.
Many vets will donate their time but donated time costs money and guess what, rescue groups are big on volunteers but short on cash.
University Animal Hospital has always taken on more than its fair share of abandoned and forsaken pets and returned them to the rescue groups to be readopted  with shots and a clean bill of health.
They are great vets and true animal lovers.

This place is truly a one-stop-shop for all things related to pets.
I've been taking my dog (Charlie) here for over 6 years.
They probably offer more services than these, but these are what I've experienced so far:  * Veterinary Services = Up until recently I didn't have a regular doctor so I just saw whoever was available because my dog just needed a checkup and/or shots.
All the doctors on staff there are very nice and very helpful and seem to really care about your pet.
Now that my dog has some health problems I try to see the same doctor.
I highly recommend doctor Bjornebo.
* Grooming = Once every 3 or 4 months when I go out of town and leave my dog there in their kennel, I ask that he be groomed.
When I pick him up he is clean, smells nice and has a nice haircut.
I honestly have no idea who the groomer is but he/she does a very good job.
I like it that I just tell the receptionist that I want my dog groomed and they take care of it all before I pick him up.
*  Boarding = Every couple of months I leave my dog here when I go out of town for a few days.
I have no idea if he likes it or not but I don't get any complaints from him.
All the boarding care taker people seem to know my dog because he has become a regular and they all seem very nice.
Who knows what goes on when I am not there, but my dog always gets returned in once piece so I can't complain.
When you pick your dog up they give you a cute little "report card" letting you know about your dog's stay.
They always write that my dog is a little cutie and a pleasure but I think they say that about all the dogs because mine can be a bit of an a-hole sometimes.
I always get an inside cage because they throw in an extra walk which my dog loves.
I also splurge and buy a "TLC Time" which is extra play time for an extra charge.
I'm a sucker..I know.
* Doctor Supervised Boarding = This is like a hospital for your pet if they have semi-serious health issues and you are unable to properly care for them at your home.
I had no idea this existed until recently when my dog came down with vestibular disease brought on by valley fever.
Basically he was extremely disoriented and couldn't walk or move very much at all.
There was no way I could care for him at home so I brought him there for a few days and he was babied by a bunch of doctors and nurses.
I was provided with regular status updates and was able to visit whenever I wanted.
I was also surprised that it wasn't that much more expensive than regular boarding (under $10/day more I think).
A lot of reviews on here talk about how this place is too expensive.
Their services aren't cheap but I can't comment on how much more they are than at other places because I haven't comparison shopped.
The prices aren't outrageous (I think) and I like the service my dog and I get so I can't complain.
Plus their hours are awesome so that is a plus.
I just wish they had some kind of frequent shopper program for boarding, grooming and/or other stuff because I spend so much money there.....

This has been my favorite vet I've ever been to, or rather, my pets have ever been to.
I have never had a problem getting an appointment.
Even when it is an emergency they have never had a problem getting in within an hour without having to pay the emergency fee.
Some vets here are better than others and when it's an emergency it's a crap shoot as to who you end up seeing but they all seem to be concerned about your pet.
The girls at the front desk get you in a room almost as soon as you walk in the door and I have never felt rushed during the appointment.
I have a bit of a difficult case in one of my dogs and the staff is never scared or intimidated by her.
They are happy to get a muzzle and skip the weigh in if they see that my dog is very scared to be there.
Only once have I had a vet that wanted to write her off.
Most vets have been optimistic and understanding.
Unless something extremely out of character happens I have no plans to see another vet.
I would continue to go to University Animal Hospital even if I moved outside of Tempe.

I have been taking my 15 year old cat to University Animal Hospital for a few years.
She is there right now and has been pretty sick, but Dr. Tascon has been great and the nurses are very caring.
We have been able to visit our patient which is a huge benefit as we know she wants to come home and is scared.
We are also taking our new kitten to UAH.
The prices are a little high, but I am willing to pay for top notch care.
The front desk is fast and I like the variety of prescription diet food available to purchase.

So bitter-sweet.
I never bring my dogs here first but I do rely on on them for a variety of reasons.
I take comfort in the fact that their vets and vet techs are knowledgeable and obviously love animals.
I also take comfort in their late hours.
It is really expensive but if my dog is freaking me out, the $200+ visit are usually worth it to me if i don't think it can wait.
Regular vet visits are insanely expensive so I also have a regular vet I take my dogs to.
This is my last resort place.
My girls have also stayed at their pet hotel while I was on vacation, they came back looking really nasty so I probably won't be taking them to the pet hotel again.
HOWEVER, they seem to always have a spot in case of emergency and every other pet hotel is booked.

Wanted to leave a very big Thank You!
to Dr. Evan Ware at University Animal Hospital.
We had boarded our dog for a few days (at a different place) and when we got home realized that Cody was whining and in pain.
We couldn't see any obvious reason but where can you go at 7pm on a Saturday evening?
UAH got us right in and did an exam and x-rays.
Turns out there was a big mass in Cody's tummy and he needed surgery to figure out what it was and what to do about it.
Dr. Ware did surgery the next day (Sunday!
) and really managed Cody's pain both before and after.
We hate to think what might have happened if we'd needed to wait two more days before getting Cody to a vet -  he would have been in agony and his spleen might have ruptured before then.
We can't say enough about Dr. Ware- his knowledge, communication skills and manner made us feel very confident having him take care of our smallest family member.
He really cares about the animals.
And he can handle our Google-centric questions.
:)   I see a lot of comments about their pricing.
My thoughts: look, having pets can be expensive.
(ALL healthcare is expensive.
) We had *great* vets out in the east valley before we moved to Tempe and while they weren't quite as expensive, they also weren't open nights or weekends, which is typically when Cody seems to get into trouble!
The price difference between them and UAH isn't very much - I'll pay for the extra hours and services they provide.
And when we move into CenPho soon, I'll still drive Cody down here to see Dr. Ware when he needs it.
As for the front desk staff... yeah, I'll agree.
Not happy little rays of sunshine.
Fortunately I'm not leaving Cody in their hands.
The five stars are for Dr. Ware and the hospital's hours and services offered.

I have been going to this vet for about a year now.
I have three pets.
Our pets are never afraid to go to the vet either.
I have been very pleased with the professional doctors and technicians.
I love their hours despite the expense.
However, I am not pleased with the uninterested front office staff.
They just seem so unattached and just don't care attitude.

I have to give credit where credit is due...I still will not bring my cats here but my border collie had a cancerous tumor removed by Dr. Koch.
He was extremely kind and thorough - didn't nickel and dime me through the process and was great and gentle with me AND the dog.
He is the reason that I return with the dogs.
For the repeated instances in subsequent reviews where someone says 'you get what you pay for'...I don't make any qualitative judgements about other people choosing to spend just as much as they want on their pets.
What I do reserve the right to do is to be put off by 'care' that says one day I pay for an office visit and the next  - because the groomer requires the cat to have another type of shot - I'm required to pay for another office visit?
THAT to me is bs.
And in this case, the care nearly forced me to put the cat down.
He has left their care and has, thankfully, rebounded.
No matter.
There is the good and the bad.
I take one with the other and take the cats elsewhere.

University Animal Hospital is a very well established vet at the top of their game.
The place goes on forever -- lots of rooms, lots of techs and vets, a well-stocked retail store, and a whole big boarding facility out back you can't even see from the street.
I trust UAH with both my dogs and both my cats.

I would give this place high marks for overall quality in terms of the care your pet receives.
The price is higher than most but not enough to warrant switching providers.
We we board our dogs there, they seem well cared for when we pick them up vs other places where they looked very tired and drained.
Things they absolutely need to improve upon are the front office staff.
While polite, they take FOREVER to check you in and out.
Imagine the concessions at a crowded movie theater, these guys are a 1,000 times slower.
Then, finally, FINALLY, they reach for the precious walkie-talkie to release your dog.
They literally move at two speeds: slow and stop  If you think I'm exaggerating, try it for yourself and be prepared to wait and wait and wait...

This was the second time I had to take my cat here.
I do have to give them credit she is better however and they were able to get me in quickly, BUT they are extremely overpriced.
The vet techs are very sweet however the doctor I had was NOT the most compassionate person.
After spending close to $1,000 for my cat I had hoped to get a bit more sympathy from the doctor rather than misleading fees and options told to me AFTER I paid 700 dollars.
They hooked her up to an IV over night, and were supposed to call me about her status.
I called to check on her and after waiting 4 hours of no returned call I decided to go down there my self and pick her up.
After releasing her from IV fluids, I ask the doctor if I could do it from home and he finally admitted I could do fluids from home.
(Which I could have saved my self $500 and done that straight from the beginning).
Overall, I will not be going back here.
The girls that help the doctors are sweethearts, but the vet I had not so much..

When I moved to the valley 14 years ago, University Animal Hospital was recommended to me for boarding.
They were too far away from where I lived to go to for vet visits.
I took one of my dogs there for years until she passed away.
I got two more dogs and started boarding them there as well until I came home from a trip to find 5 staples in one of my dogs hip with no explanation as to what happened other than "we came in one morning and found her bleeding".
The best part - I was billed for the surgery.
Really?
They finally refunded me my money for the surgery and the management was responsive after I called.
But, I've never gone back.
This wasn't a small cut - it took 5 staples (STAPLES) to close the wound.
My regular vet tended to her afterwards.
This was a few years ago and I wrote a review on Google at that time.
But now with yelp it deserves being mentioned again.

Thank you for being willing to see my little bunny when my own vet's emergency center wouldn't take him.
He was really down, with a stomach that was hard and blown up like a balloon, and of course all pets get sick right when your own vet's normal office hours are closed.
He was in a very critical state, and after calling and getting the run-around at my own vet's emergency office, I was finally directed to go to University Animal Hospital.
They were willing to see us, and although he needed a very risky surgery towards the end of their work day, the vet was willing to try.
He did not make it, but they at least tried, which is more than I can say for my vet's emergency center.
As a result, I have to reconsider continuing to bring my pets to my current vet, but once again, thank you for trying.
Although my little bunny friend is gone forever and I miss him every day, I am comforted to think at least someone here cared enough to try to save him.

Wow!
What a response.
I am so glad we aren't using these guys anymore.
NEVER NEVER did they tell me they suspected this was a bite wound.
I was told they thought she caught herself on something.
My vet DID NOT THINK it was a bite wound.
It was a VERY CLEAN LONG SLICE.
Wow.
If it was a bite wound - I should have been told they thought that.
Oh my.
The dog that was wounded is my alpha dog.
The other dog is very docile and calm and has NEVER NEVER shown any aggression towards my others dogs and they've been boarded together (with another one of my dogs) numerous times since then at a new place and NEVER EVER have there been any aggression issues.
Wow.

I recently received a letter from University Animal Hospital.
I opened it and saw that they donated money in my little bunny friend's name to the Phoenix Zoo in his honor.
Kudos for them for supporting our zoos and honoring my little friend for his short but memorable life with us.

Great place, caring and knowledgeable staff.
We moved a half hour north, but will continue taking our pet to University Animal Hospital.
We have been trying to figure out what is wrong with our cat, and they have gone above & beyond not just in exploring/treating my pet, but in demonstrating an understanding that some of these tests come at a hefty expense - always letting us know up front what the costs would be.
We even had to get our cat x-rays, and when the films came back inconclusive and we were discussing next steps, the doc offered to try for one more at a different angle.
Sure enough, we got a more conclusive result that helped us avoid going down the wrong path with further painful and expensive testing.

I just took my beloved Rat Terrier in to have him put down today.
He was 15 years old.
He wasn't eating, he had no energy and it was obviously time for him to go.
I can't thank the staff at the hospital enough for their caring, kind and outstanding handling of the situation.
I have had numerous dogs put down in the past at other places, I have never been treated so wonderfully as I was today here.
I called in advance and told them who I was and what dog I was bringing in.
When we got there, they did not make us wait, they had a room available and took us right in, even stopping in the middle of what they were doing to make sure we didn't have to wait in the waiting area.
I don't mind waiting, but in this kind of circumstance it really is much better to get some privacy as fast as possible.
The lady that took us in there was so empathetic to our feelings, I mean, for most dog lovers and owners, this is pretty much a very emotional time.
She took payment in the exam room instead of having us do that after it was all said and done.
That was such a good thing for us, we were teary eyed and having to go out and pay afterwards would have been very uncomfortable.
The vet that came in was the perfect person with the perfect personality.
She stroked our little doggy and spoke some kind words to him and us.
It isn't easy to put a dog down, but they made it as painless as possible considering the circumstances.
They even made a set of doggy paws for us, encased in a nice, leather-bound box and a poem, plus a place to put a pic of him.
I have read other reviews, yes they are a little more expensive than other places, but I will gladly pay out a bit extra to get the kind of treatment I get at their office.
I have nothing but good to say about the staff there, they are caring professionals and it shows.

They will always have a 5 in my book.
My mom and I have been taking our animals to UAH since 2004.
We have had some great experiences and some not so good but it all equals to 5 because they have saved my animals lives.
The front desk staff is...a little rude at times.
I've walked in and stood at the counter many times for a few minutes before anyone even looked up at me or said we'll be with you in a minute.
The check out staff is usually more friendly.
But, the experiences I've had make the front desk staff nil.
My mom had a cat that was run over by a car.
When she was taken to the emergency vet, they told us it didn't look so good for her.
It was very sad as she was my mom's "baby".
They told us to give UAH a try and see if they could help her with surgery.
They had to amputate her leg but she is alive and I'm pretty sure she doesn't know it's gone.
We had a dog with valley fever, and had been suffering from the disease for a few years.
We were constantly at the vet to get blood work done so that we could reoder medicine and they always helped us out and made sure we could get in when we needed.
My dog was in to be boarded and while she was there, I was going to get her teeth cleaned.
Because she was an older dog, they told me that I needed to have blood work done to make sure all of her organs were working correctly in order to put her under.
I'm on vacation and receive a call from the surgeon, Dr. Koch, to let me know that there seemed to be something wrong with her liver.
I went into panic mode and started crying instantly.
He was very kind and told me that this happens and we needed to try a vitamin before looking at liver disease.
Home from the vet and straight to the vitamin store to pick up what we needed, 2 weeks later and she's fine.
He was right.
He called me several times to follow up on her.
I can appreciate anyone who cares, genuinely.
He does.
Most recently,  I took my dog in because I found a very large lump on her thyroid area.
I was panicked and a worried mom, but Dr. Cortez helped calm me down.
She was very calm and reasonable.
She explained that there might be an explanation, other than cancer, and we would probably be fine.
She was right.
She was very caring and even followed up with me via phone.
I moved 40 minutes away but will continue to make the drive to Tempe to take my animals here.

This was our vet for nearly 10 years, and while it never was close to our house, we kept going there.
Very affordable rates, good caring service from the providers.
They cared for our pup from birth to his end.

Just like with kids, sometimes you find yourself with an animal you weren't planning on, and it needs shots, and blood tests, and medicine to make sure it's healthy and going to be around for a while.
Twice we've had the unexpected experience of taking in rescued animals, and twice we've gone to UAH to make sure our new friends were in tip top shape.
Dr. Bastek is absolutely wonderful with our dog, and Dr. Langeneckert with our kitten.
While kitty still has one more vet visit to go until he's utd on all his shots, this will probably continue to be our first choice in vet care as both animals get older and need boosters as well as anything else.
Pets cost money.
They cost money when they need to be fed, when you need to get the carpet cleaned because they had an accident that left a stain, when they eat your textbooks, or chew a hole in the sofa during the 3 minutes you left them alone to take out the trash, and they cost a LOT when you take them to a doctor.
There are cheaper places out there, but not by much.
So since you have to pay about the same amount anyway, it's probably easier to do it when the staff and vets are helpful, communicative, and invested in making sure you and your furry family members are ok.

My cat has the herpes.
The Herpes!
And before you go slandering her good character, herpes in cats is like a cold, not an STD, quit being so judgemental.
So our cat was sick and we didn't know why, Dr. Gus laid out all of the possibilities and talked us through each one and why he did or didn't think it was her case, and her case was the herpes.
After telling him to go ahead and put her down, he explained it wasn't a big deal, it would pretty much seem like she had allergies, so I let her live and now we have a happy cat.
Dr. Gus and his assistant were great to us and treated our cat well and with dignity even when they shoved something up her rear.
Hopefully she will be happy and healthy forever, but if anything ever does happen we won't hesitate to come back.
I was kidding about putting her down by the way, quit being so judgemental.

This does not apply to the veterinarians to your office but this applies to the front office staff at your clinic.
This is my second time complaining about the front office and it is apparent to me that no changes have been made in which I was told last time I wrote on Yelp that you take complaints seriously!
I am writing you today because I am extremely disturbed with my last visit to your office which was on the evening of Saturday December 10, 2011.
My husband and I went to your office with our dog that was pronounced dead on arrival.
Our dog was not sick and we have no idea how she passed which makes it so hard on us.
Dr. Tascon was very professional and answered all of our questions the best he could.
He was also empathetic for our loss.
In the room he was filling out the paperwork for our dog to be cremated.
On that paperwork it said the cost was $91 and Dr. Tascon also told us it was $91.
Well when we went to checkout, obviously very sad about our loss, we were told the cost was $125.
My husband said that he was told $91 and the girl said well the cost went up and it is not my fault billing hasn't updated the paperwork.
Dr. Tascon overheard and stayed at the counter and the girl then gave the paperwork to the girl sitting directly next to her and said can you do this and she said mumbled something.
I don't know verbatim what was said because again I just lost my dog Bella.
The cost was adjusted but really what poor service from those two girls!
I just cannot believe how your front office has in the past and continues to be bitter and obviously not customer service orientated.
I don't know if you don't pay them enough or if they are treated poorly that they have such a poor attitude!
Certainly in this economy you can find individuals to work for you that are friendly and courteous.
I don't expect the front office to be professional but I do expect them to be nice!
I am sorry for any of you front office workers at that office that are nice.

This place has its good points and its bad, but overall, I keep coming back (even though I have to drive quite a distance to get there, now that I've moved) because I'm confident in the knowledge of the vets and in the thoroughness of the animal care.
Between my own pet cats and caring for many foster kittens and abandoned cats, I've been here rather a lot, and I've seen a variety of the vets.
Every vet I've worked with has been, as I said above, knowledgeable, and they clearly care deeply for the animals they're helping.
There's one doctor with whom I didn't click personality-wise but it was an emergency, so I took my cat to see her.
He did *everything* he could to save my baby (and succeeded!
), even though there was no clear cause of what was going on.
When she had to stay for several days' care, the doctor called me regularly to update me.
When I went in to visit my girl, the doctor was there, checking on his patients even on his day off.
Obviously, I upped my opinion of this particular doctor!
The only reason I can't quite give them 5 stars (and wish I could award 4.5) is because they are quite pricey (even with a student or good samaritan discount) and I always walk out having paid a lot more than I was told to expect when I'd called because things get added on.
The vet techs have all been great, very caring and helpful, with the only exception of when I had a semi-feral to see the vet-- I warned the tech but she put her hands in his crate and got bitten and the cat was even more scared than before.
The only other problem is the front desk staff.
On the phone, they're great- willing to find out how a pet in boarding is doing or to get a message where it needs to go.
But in person, they'll often let you stand there for a long while before helping you (either to check in or pay to leave), and the last few visits I've been, I've had to sit in the waiting room forever and ever before getting to an exam room.
(I know that emergencies happen and doctors' appointments get backed up, but this has become a regular thing.
)   ANYWAY, I trust them implicitly and know that when I take a cat here, they're going to do everything they can to get the cat healthy and happy.

I used to really like this place until I feel they started gouging my wallet.
I know the costs of running a veterinarian hospital is probably very high, but every time there's something wrong with my dog the only options I'm given are expensive treatments at their office.
Maybe I was spoiled when I was younger, but I remember having a vet for our family pets that always made a point to suggest home remedies first; she would include that they often were as sure a bet as what the vet had to offer, but the effort to help us save some money meant a lot to me.
I don't want a vet that throws red flags in my face for the slightest problems.

Staff is great, always friendly and loving to my kids!!!
All my brood comes here for their shots and whatever else they may need, great place!

First off let me say that the vet and staff where wonderful!!
The vet even kept my puppy in her office with her instead of in the back between procedures and she called me on her day off.
I had to take my puppy here the weekend we moved into a new house.
She had started vomiting and wasn't acting right.
My husband and I where very concerned because we had already done through parvo with her and her sister a couple of months before.
It was a Saturday afternoon and being new to the area didn't know where to go so I jumped on Google maps and found that University Animal hospital was open.
I called and explained what was going on and they told me to come on over and they would try to squeeze me in as soon as they could.
Long story short Lucy was fine nothing majorly wrong,  found out that she got into a plant at the new house that was toxic.
I don't like when my animals get sick but it is nice to know that I have a vet close that I feel comfortable taking them to.

This place is wonderful!
We found out that our puppy had luxating patella and needed surgery on her knee (one for now, eventually both).
We did some research and found that it is very costly.
I called University Animal Hospital even though they were in Tempe (we live in N Phoenix) because they had gotten excellent reviews online.
As it turned out, they were also the least expensive option for Luna's surgery.
Dr. Koch had wonderful reviews so we decided to meet with him and decide if we felt comfortable getting her surgery done there.
Dr. Koch was excellent - way beyond my expectations.
I have been to many vets and he is by far the best I have ever encountered.
He is extremely kind and understanding and wonderful with our puppy.
He explained exactly what would be done, why it needed to be done and made it simple and easy to understand.
He was very upfront about everything and even though we were told by a prior vet that she needed all these extra tests, Dr. Koch said we did not.
He did not charge us for anything beyond what we needed.
He made a very stressful event much more manageable and much easier.
The week after the surgery, Dr. Koch called us every day.
Even after, he called us a couple of times a week to check on her and was always available to answer questions, even on weekends.
He always returned our calls very quickly.
I highly recommend University Animal Clinic and specifically Dr. Koch to anyone.
It is worth the drive for us and we will not be taking Luna anywhere else from now on.

Dear UAH-  Please practice your cloning skills and figure out a way to clone Dr. Ware so I can take him with me every place I move to.
My Basenji mix Norah has suffered from allergy symptons forever!
I noticed it when we lived in FL and even though our vet there suggested I use various OTC antihistamines (didn't work).
He even did a scope and coudn't figure out what the issue was.
He prescribed steroids and though they worked I didn't want to give them to her for an extended amount of time.
After several visits the vet suggested we see a specialist.
I declined since it was mostly just an annoyance.
Fast forward to us coming back to AZ and reaching out to Dr. Ware again (we lived here before) one visit is all it took for Dr. Ware to help me manage the problem!

Our family has been patients of University Animal Hospital for many years.
We have always been treated with respect and kindness.
The staff are especially affectionate toward our pets.
We recently had the pleasure of visiting Dr. Bjornebo when we noticed a tumor on our 2 year old bunny, Olive.
Prices were clearly provided for us with options to fit our budget and safety and comfort of our bunny.
During her day for surgery, the staff took a picture of Olive and wrote up a little description of the day from her perspective.
It brought tears to my eyes when I saw the thought that went into our pet.
We love UAH and will remain loyal as long as we are pet owners!

I am impressed.
After seeing another Vet office for 9 years, I became frustrated with their lack of knowledge and interest in helping me with the tedious and intricate process for moving my 2 dogs with me to Hawaii.
I hung up the phone with my Vet and almost burst in tears.
Without much thought...I called the University Animal Hospital in a panic.
Here is the cliffsnotes version of the convention with Melissa (who answered the phone).
Me: Hi I am interested in coming to your office but I wanted to see if you're familiar with the quarantine process required when moving dogs to Hawaii?
Melissa:  Well your dogs don't have to be quarantined as long as we get all the paperwork in order.
(hallelujah!
She knows EXACTLY what she's talking about!
And yes, I can tell just from that statement!
)   The conversation continued with nothing but up most intelligence, understanding and professionalism.
She provided me with a quote for the entire process and offered to answer any other questions.
With that being said, I CANNOT wait to switch to UAH and wished I switched years ago and not just as I am moving.

Wanted to say a very big Thank You!
to Dr. Evan Ware at University Animal Hospital  Great place!
My dachshund had an allergic reaction to a DHPP vaccination given to her at AZ PET RESORT, and when i brought her back, after only being home for 20 minutes,, ( her back was in spasm and she had hives ) i drove right back to AZ PET RESORT, they said she had IVDD,( Intervertebral disc disease, ) and that she wasn't having an allergic reaction to the vaccine.
Long story short, i brought her into University Animal Hospital 36 hours later, and Dr.Evan was awesome!
She DID have an allergic reaction to the vaccination, She was misdiagnosed at AZ PET RESORT.
She is no longer having back spasms ( the DHPP vaccination had given her muscle spasms near the injection site , more like a single involuntary muscle contraction every few minutes, as well as her looking puffed up ( hives ) especially around her eyes ).
Thank you so much for your continued care, and I will only use University Animal Hospital as my vet.
God Bless!
--- Also, ( forgot to mention )-- on wednesday night my dog was having really bad diarrhea and I needed something immediately, didn't want to just give her Immodium AD --( i'm always using google to try and find an alternate cure )- they said I'd have to bring her in for an exam since she hadn't had metronidazole before.
About 20 minutes later, one of the doctors at UAH called me, and since GG had been given  metronidazole back in 2010 for colitis and the diarrhea, she took care of it and wrote a prescription for my dog, without having to pay for another exam.
I am really hurting financially right now after this week of hell since GG was given the DHPP vaccination at AZ Pet Resort.
Thank God for University Animal Hospital, They run laps around the other vets I've been to.
The doctors at UAH are awesome!
Thanks again - Dr. Ware called me after I emailed him on tuesday after constant worry of my GG, he helped ease my worrying - I really appreciate UAH doesn't get upset after excessive phone calls & emails, I'm glad they understand how much our pets mean to us!

I agree with Jacquie H. But as opposed to cloning on doc there are a good many docs they could clone at this hospital.
Dr. Gus has put together one of the most impressive veterinary teams with a broad scope of skills and expertise that I have ever experienced.
Dr. Koch is responsible for Saving my very small poodle who was severely injured by someone who abused her.
Not only did he save her but he along with his staff supported us over a year long process to bring the abuser to justice, providing letters to the court, copies of medical documents on several occasions.
The actions of every staff member in this hospital were not only a display of impeccable professionalism and care of the highest quality but a display of their true commitment to caring for animals.
The patients that go to this clinic receive the best care possible and I suspect are cared for as well if not better than human patients in some clinics.
I am committed 100% to this hospital as a result of their support and passion for veterinary care for animals.
They are also committed to making sure that owners are educated and informed in caring for their pets.
They present all treatment options to owners ranging from conservative in non urgent cases to aggressive care with a concise consultation on risk associated with each.
This allows owner to make informed decisions.
Physicians are supportive of pet owners and will weigh in on the decisions providing substantive and qualitative reasoning for their recommendations.
Another note to concerned pet owners in these difficult financial times is that when these vets present care options they do take into consideration conservative measures for non urgent situations and are very conscious of guarding against unnecessary test or diagnostics if they are not needed.
This said if they highly recommend testing or diagnostics it is  generally to confirm that aggressive or costly treatments are actually needed and these test may in fact save money in the long run.
They will also recommend test if the symptoms of the problem are too broad to narrow down what is truly wrong with an animal.
Great Medical team at this hospital , I could not ask for more.

I will go to no other vet after this one.
In CA my dog got sick i took her to a vet out there that ran a ton of tests, costing way to much only to say they have no idea what is wrong with her.
This experience left me with a bad taste for vets.
I move out to Tempe and my dads cat is acting weird.
My dad thought he was acting fine but i decided to take him to a vet to be safe.
I had a very busy work schedule that left me with almost no time but nights or weekends to take him.
I found this place.
They have great hours.
I took my dads cat and not ever having a cat i didnt know a car would be an issue.
By the time i got to here i was bleeding all over from a very freaked out cat.
The people at the front desk were very nice.
They got a carring box to put my ready to bolt cat in.
And then they offered to help me clean my battle wounds.
It turns out my dads cat just had ear mites.
The drs were super nice, understood my budget, didnt bully me in the slightlest for unnessary test or precriptions.
They even let me know how much other things they suggested would cost(ex: vaccins my dad had never bothered to get).
The mites were bad so it took two visits.
Both drs though i cant remember their names(im bad with names) were amazing.
I felt they both really cared about my cat not just a paycheck.
One of the drs even called a few days later to see how my cat was doing.
I would recomend this place to anyone who loves their animal and is on a budget or works long days.
As long as im living in AZ i will always come here for all my animal needs.

I am VERY pleased with the service from Dr. Gus and his staff from start to finish in regards to my 10 year old Rat Terrier Louie.
Dr. Gus listened to all of my concerns, was attentive to Louie's needs, and still practices old fashioned customer service.
He and his staff member called me on two different occasions to check on Lou after surgery, and the front desk staff were also very efficient when I returned  for a follow-up visit and collar return.
The prices are quite reasonable, they don't put your animal under anesthesia unless necessary, (which was an issue with another vet closer to home) and in my opinion well worth the drive from San Tan Valley!
Thank you thank you thank you!!

What great service!
I am so impressed.
Dr Naig is kind and understanding.
She has called us to check up on our beagle at least once a week for the last month.
We are still trying to find a good combination of pain meds to treat our sick little beagle and Dr Naig promptly returns my calls even when she is on vacation.
We live in Gilbert and it is worth the drive for the service.
I picked them by recommendation and their hours are great.
Same day appointments and a triage tech see's walkin's promptly.

I am sooooo glad my friend recommended you guys!
My cat (Sir Rufus of Tuna) was not feeling great and our regular vet was unable to squeeze him in, you were able to see him within 30 minutes of my call.
Rufus saw Dr. Cortez, and she was AMAZING!
She spent nearly 45 minutes with us giving Rufus a full exam, explaining everythign to us, and answering all my questions.
I couldn't be happier and I am happy to say we have found our new vet!
Thank you again for the wonderful care :)

Was treated rudely by a lady at the front desk who wears glasses.
Have a colleague who has been going and says the staff is constantly rotating - too many folks who don't care about the business.
Can't recommend it.

What an amazing place!
I took my 2 year-old cat Sulla when he wasn't feeling too well, the staff was amazing the doctor even called me the next day to make sure my furry baby was doing well, who does that now days?!
Truly an amazing place.

My two-year-old Boston terrier, Igor, has been a patient of Dr. Roe's his entire life, and it's been great experience.
When I first got Igor, I was a total puppy novice.
Prior to our first puppy exam, I had a really, really long list of questions.
Dr. Roe patiently and thoroughly answered each of them, and I left that visit feeling very confident about our choice in vets.
Since then, Dr. Roe has continued to be fantastic.
She's kind and caring, always remembers Igor, asks follow up questions from our last visit, and is always thorough and positive.
During Igor's last annual exam in September, I mentioned that my little guy had become a picky eater.
Dr. Roe suggested a couple of ideas--switching his food, cutting down on treats, etc.--and then followed up with us a week later to see how he was doing.
I thought that was pretty cool.
I don't know about you guys, but my personal primary care physician has never called me to follow up on any concerns I've mentioned during my annual physical, so I thought it was pretty incredible that my vet did!
Fast forward a month later, and guess who I got another call from?
Dr. Roe, of course, just calling to see how picky little Igor was doing.
(He's fine.
)  In addition to Dr. Roe being so awesome, the clinic has great hours--they're open weekends and evenings.
We've seen a couple of other docs there, and they've all been great.
I've also boarded Igor at their kennel, and that's been a good experience, too.
I'm pretty picky about cleanliness, and their kennels seem clean.
Compared to other boarding facilities in the area, University offers a generous amount of walks per day, at what I think is a really fair price.
I always spring for extra playtimes, because Igor has a lot of small dog energy.
Igor doesn't seem to mind staying there for a couple of days, but he's always happy to come home.
They're happy to give you a tour of the boarding facilities if you're considering boarding there, so I encourage you to check them out for yourself.

I had a wonderful experience with the staff and doctors at this facility.
They were able to get me in within hours of my call and did a marvelous job of assessing and tending to my very elderly cat.
The doctor (Dr. Roe) took ample time explaining my cat's condition and treatment options, doing so in a patient and compassionate manner.
The ancillary staff were equally patient, compassionate, and thorough, preparing me to take care of my cat at home.
When my cat's condition worsened, they were able to see my cat within minutes of my call, and Dr. Tascon was also patient and thorough in describing my cat's condition and treatment options, and added a wonderful personal touch by asking if I wanted to see my cat, who had been placed in a warming blanket, before I left.
Dr. Tascon called me himself to let me know when my cat's condition worsened, and I was able to come in and see my cat before he passed.
Each staff member that I encountered was sensitive and helpful, and I was really impressed by the staff as a group at this facility.
I am really thankful that my cat and I were able to experience end of life care at this facility.

AVOID THEIR HIGH MEDICATION COSTS AND RELENTLESS UP-SELLING.
After a few years of decent experience, my most recent experience is that this "hospital" is focused on up-selling rather than your animals care.
My pup is on joint medication and when I found it for much cheaper elsewhere (still expensive!
) it was a very painful experience to get a copy of her prescription that I was due.
They kept stalling for days to provide the prescription, refused to fax or mail it anywhere or speak to the new pharmacy, and continued to try to convince me to "just buy it from us" but failing to match prices.
I spoke to the director who sheepishly admitted they are not only in the business for veterinarian service but also for selling medications.
I am out-of-state now and had to have someone go pick it up from their office which then took a half-hour for them to figure out how to print it out and once again tried to just sell the medication to my friend!
Disgusting.
Trust them?
Never again will they see my animal solely for their monetary gain.
For shame.

My brother and I had to put our family dog down on Monday.
He was 13 years old and suffered from Megaesophagus and was in pain for 3 months before we put him down, we couldn't figure out what was wrong with him until the week before we decided to put him to rest.
This was the hardest thing we have ever done we were all in tears for days.
My brother called in the next morning after realizing he forgot to take his collar off because we were so distraught we didn't think that something so foolish would occur.
That collar had been in the family for 30 years, it was my dads childhood dogs collar.
He talked to a lady and she said that they put it in a bag and were holding it to give with his remains.
Then 5 hours later a lady called him back and told him they were unable to find his collar and it must have been thrown away.
My brother demanded them to look in the trash, they responded saying it was already taken to the dump.
He called the next day and asked about their policies regarding items left on the animals, they responded with they keep them in a bag for the owners to pick up when the remains are ready.
They failed to follow their own policy and now we are without a collar that has been in the family for 3 decades and around my dogs neck his whole life because they decided to take initiative and throw away something that doesn't belong to them.
And they said because " they didn't think we wanted it".
So without asking us they took away a part of our lives that we can now never get back.
Now we are left with not only a life changing memory of putting to rest a part of our family, but now we are going to be constantly reminded of how university animal hospital made a mistake that we will have to live with forever and then only thing they have to say about it is "they didn't think we wanted it".

My cat would be dead if I was still going here.
This is a great place to go if you have a ton of money to burn on medications & tests that don't actually help your pet.
My cat was rapidly losing weight.
I noticed he was having trouble chewing his food.
He'd stand over his food and water and try so hard to eat, and if he did, it LOOKED like he was having trouble.
The following is the actual conversation I had with the vet:  Vet: (condescending) He's VERY skinny.
He's lost  A LOT of weight.
This isn't good.
Me: Ummm...I know.
That's why he's here.
On a holiday.
Vet: Has he been eating?
Me: *blinks* ....  Um....OK.....Well, it looks like he wants to eat.
He tries, but I think it hurts him.
Maybe something in his mouth.
I tried to soften his food, but he won't eat it.
He has trouble eating his wet food, too.
Vet: (opens mouth) Yes!
Do you see the big hole in his back tooth?
That tooth has 3 roots.
It's probably giving him some trouble.
We'll start by softening his food and giving him some wet food.
Me: ..... *blinks* Vet: We'll give him some pain meds that will make him sleep.
Me: How can I get him to eat?
He wants to eat, but he can't.
Vet: We can give him an appetite stimulant.
Me: .....*blinks* Vet: And we need to do some liver & thyroid tests on him.
Me: He just had those done in October (it's January) Vet: Well, we need to make sure it's not anything inside that's causing him distress.
We'll call you tomorrow with the results.
Oh, and here's some wet food to try.
That'll be $300.
Next Day:  Vet: Hi, this is University Animal Hospital calling with your test results.
It looks like your cat has a low red blood cell count Me: Um....yes....he hasn't been eating, you know.
Vet: And it looks like he has a slightly elevated white blood cell count.
Me: He still hasn't eaten anything since yesterday.
Vet: OK, well we have some antibiotics for you to pick up for him.
They're $40, and we have a few more tests that I'd like to do Me: What about his tooth?
Vet: We have to make sure he doesn't have anything else going on first.
Me: *click*  I posted this conversation on my Facebook.
Somebody suggested Anbesol and gave me a number of a different vet.
I put some Anbesol on his tooth, and he ate like a horse and perked up, clearly feeling much better.
I have been given the number of a new vet, one that doesn't want to showboat their fancy lab or need me to pay for medical school.
This vet didn't hear a word I said, and if I could walk in there and ask for a refund, I would.
This is the second time this has happened to us in 6 months at University Animal Hospital.
I wasn't the only person in the room who heard this conversation, and I asked him if I was crazy or did I hear the doctor wrong.
He said no.
He heard it, too.
The doctor was very condescending about my cat's weight loss, yet under her expensive "stress & test" treatment plan, he ate less.
I'm not impressed.
In fact, I'm furious.
Money is a little tight at the moment, and I would have rather spent $300 on a tooth extraction instead of a worthless test.
Now I have to spend more money for another office call at another vet, plus treatment for the REAL problem.
Such a waste.
They care about money, not pets.

I was there again last night.
A neighborhood teenager was walking one of my Danes (he's been doing this for years, never had a problem) in a residential area when 3 Pitbulls came out from the side of their owner's house and without provocation, began mauling my Dane.
2 men came running out of another house at the sound of the commotion and beat the dogs off of my dog (who had laid down on the street, not knowing what to do and definitely not a vicious dog or a fighter).
After all the hoopla with police and animal control, I headed straight to UAH.
My dog was a bloody mess.
it was late, but they were still open.
The receptionist said they could get him in right now.
She left and then another receptionist said they could get him in an hour from then.
That was the only thing that I found a bit disconcerting about last night's visit, even after I told her that I had already been told they would see him right now, she still insisted that they only had an 8 pm appointment available.
I was ready to leave and find a place that would take him in right away - this is an emergency, not a routine visit, the dog is bleeding, in extreme pain and if they aren't going to do anything right then and there, time to move on.
The vet came out and dismissed the idea of the receptionist of waiting an hour, took him straight to the back and started cleaning him up and coming up with how much it was going to cost to fix my Dane.
I agreed to the charges and left - they had to knock him out so they could shave and clean the wounds and put staples in some of them, I was basically invited to leave (not in a rude way, just it's gonna be a while, we'll give you a call when we're done and IF he can go home tonight).
Which worked out fine for me, church just down the street and a prayer meeting going on.
They had him fixed up and ready to go by 8:30 pm.
The vet was great, 5 stars to the vet.
She did a wonderful job, has a great demeanor for dealing with other people's pets in such a time when a pet is injured and I have nothing but good to say about her (so it probably would have been good to get her name, lol).
I just hope that the receptionist that decided to make a dog and it's owner wait with that kind of thing going on gets a bit of an education.
No, the dog isn't going to die if he has to wait an hour but he WAS in extreme pain and an owner that was extremely nervous and anxious about getting him looked at.

I've been in town helping my mom out and her older cat was having some serious issues.
Wasn't eating, wasn't using the litter box and just wasn't acting right.
It became a serious problem suddenly and it was obvious we had to get her help immediately.
They worked me in within hours of my call and did a wonderful job helping me, my mom and her cat.
Very patient, professional and compassionate.
Sadly not much could be done and the kidneys had already started to fail.
I was impressed at how each staff member that helped us was so sensitive to the situation and did everything to make sure our cat was as comfortable as possible before we had to put her down.
It was a sad situation to be sure but the way they handled it and my mom made me feel good.

I was recommended to this hospital by a friend.
I was pleased at the very caring and friendly front desk person, Jimmy, who I set up my appt with.
It is easy to get an appt and at a convenient time even which is a major plus.
My dog actually liked the vet tech and Dr which is a first.
They really made him comfortable.
Dr Tascon was thorough.
Part of the lab work came back the next day and he called me on a Sun to update me which was going above and beyond my expectations.
The bill may be a little more, but you get what you pay for and I think of it as pay now, save later.
Also, I just saw they have offer where you get 10% off your bill if you check in on yelp.
I just wish I had seen that before my appt...great deal!

*This review is for their boarding/ kennel service only.
*   I am so picky, my dog is my best friend(don't tell the bf!).
After searching for a kennel for almost 3 months before a week long vacation(first one in 3 years) my bf and I found UAH for our two large pit bulls.
We had difficulty finding a kennel that would take our dogs since they are pit bulls and had spacious enough kennels that both could be in the same one.
One place was going to charge extra because of their breed and we would have had to pay extra for two kennels and two extra play times for each dogs, geeez $$$$.
This was the only reasonably priced, well staffed, clean, and highly managed kennel we found period.
All of the staff have always been happy, friendly and honest each time we go there.
They have indoor and indoor/outdoor kennels which is nice for summer/winter.
They allow two dogs in one kennel and will separate them if needed.
The kennels are nicely sized and the dogs can not see the dogs next to them(some of the others had glass walls separating them- my dog would go crazy seeing another dog next to him that he couldn't play with).
They have happy hour(kong with peanut butter), TLC (extra play time) and free baths for your dogs if they are there longer than 4 days I believe.
They also take them out three times a day which is more than some of the others we looked at.
We have taken our dogs there three or four times now and never have had a problem.
The dogs always come home happy AND healthy.
It's nice also to know they are at a hospital so if something should ever happen, or as our dogs get older and need medication, this place can handle it all and we don't have to switch to somewhere else.
They give you a report card for the "campers" on how they did while you were away which is cute.
I really can't say enough, but we have had a great experience and will keep bringing our dogs here for our boarding needs.

Please read this pet lovers!!!
This could be important to your pets health!
University Animal Hospital gets ZERO STARS in my book- minus if I could.
Their staff is friendly but this place just does not work right and is not clean.
Spent $1400.00 on a sick cat, emergency visit, and while she survived through it (which they didn't think she would) they have no clue what happened to her to begin with.
We brought our kitty home and within two weeks she had RINGWORM!
This is an indoor cat, perfect health, no exposure to outside except for her first visit to this vet's office.
I had no idea that ringworm was so contagious and how easy it is for pets to catch it.
It is practically impossible to get rid of, the vet even said so, and can live for 18+ months in an environment, even without a host.
They were convinced our pet got it elsewhere, or outdoors.
It's an indoor cat, and the timeframe they told us that signs would start to pop up was exactly the same as her visit.
This has put a huge strain on us, our other pets, and our finances.
I have since gotten it and so has one of our other cats.
You can't imagine how much work this is daily.
During her stay, they had used blankets and towels, she was walking around a less than clean looking room, and while I am grateful she made it through whatever it was that made her go into shock, I cannot believe she contracted ringworm.
They told us when we brought her in to have her ear rash looked at that they get ringworm cases in all the time, and when they went into detail about how hard it is to get rid of, I know there is no way that they clean that well, that often between patients, and that thoroughly that they could kill all traces of it.
Please- beware and be aware!
Do not let your animal off of the exam table, don't let them wonder where may not be clean.
Make sure the table is santized!
I really am going to look into a way to formally complain about this.
This has turned our lives upside down and I wish they cared.

I was recommended to Dr. Gus at University animal hospital over 22 years ago.
We had a Shar-pei and it was a pretty new breed for the valley at that time and only a few vets knew the needs of the dog.
Dr. Gus since became our vet for our dogs over the years, and he and his staff has always been there for us.
Over the years we have moved farther and farther from Tempe now driving over 30 miles to see Dr. Gus.
I have recommended many friends and neighbors to University Animal Hospital.
As a 7 day a week operation we have used and directed others for emergency's.
I feel like they are caring and run a clean and safe hospital for our best friends.
Paul B

A fellow coworker recomended University Animal Hospital years ago.
I have found them very accomadating, as well as very helpful.
When it was time to put my female Shepherd down,Dr Naig, as well as the staff were extremely helpful.
I now take my male Shepherd to see Dr Naig and Dr Ware.
I find both of them to be very caring.
I wish more vets were like them...

University Animal Hospital has provided the best care for our fur kids!
The compassion, knowledge, and expertise that both Dr. Ware and Dr. Koch have shown in caring for our girls is amazing.
I wouldn't trust anyone else in caring for our pups!

Had to bring my Labrador of 13 years in to be put down.
Very emotional time but not for this animal hospital.
Its just another payday, They have no compassion they aren't at all concerned about the difficulty of losing a pet they want the highest dollar for their services.
DON"T GO HERE.
They made me wait for 15 minuets after I called ahead.
The dog was suffering but they couldn't care.
They were too busy.
The experience of putting a dog down is hard enough but these non compassionate selfish money grabbing uninterested greedy inexperienced people made the hardship and the loss even greater.
DON"T GO HERE!

I've been bringing my dogs to University Animal Hospital for nearly 10 years.
They have always received good care from the docs, the place has always been clean, and the front desk staff are professional and friendly, no matter how busy they are.
I would especially like to recommend the kennel staff and the excellent care my dogs have received while boarding.
The prices are quite reasonable, and they provide so many services, such as administering medications and "yappy" hour with kongs and pupcycles.
It's very reassuring that the vets are right there, and I often schedule routine vet visits to coincide with boarding.
I take my dog back to the kennels every time, and it is always clean and well maintained.
The kennel staff are the best, and I trust them with my best friend's health and well being.
It allows me to relax on vacation knowing he is in good hands.

i've been coming here the entire time i've had my dog (six years), and while it's a little pricey, i always feel like she's in good hands.
when i had her spayed years ago, they called me soon after dropping her off to let me know they had run some tests and it looked like she had a very slight irregular heartbeat.
they recommended i take her to a specialist in order to run some further tests and make sure she could handle being put under anesthesia.
i really appreciated that they didn't ignore this small irregularity and just go ahead with the surgery.
i've heard tons of horror stories about how easy it is to have an animal slip away while they're under and it really comforted me to know they were taking all the necessary precautions.
long story short, my pup was able to get spayed after getting the thumbs up from a cardiologist and has been fine since!
i also use their grooming services and they always make my dog look great!
recently though it seems that they only have one groomer available so it can take a long time to get an appointment.
hopefully they'll hire some more on soon.

I cannot say enough about University Animal Hospital, and Dr. Koch in particular.
I have been taking my dog Tucker here since I adopted him from the shelter in Sept. 2012 - Being from the shelter, Tucker has had a lot of problems.
In his initial visit, I received a HUGE discount simply because I brought in a rescued animal - My first appointment was with Dr. Tascon, a fantastic vet.
Shortly after my first visit, Tucker was having all sorts of issues with his breathing, digestive system, etc.
Dr. Tascon was booked but Dr. Koch was able to squeeze me in.
Since that first appointment with Dr. Koch, most of my appointments have been the same - I leave him urgent voicemails that something is wrong with Tucker and he squeezes me into his booked schedule between appointments, and even before his official work day starts.
Whenever we need to put Tucker on a medication, Dr. Koch calls me EVERY morning for a week or two to see how he's doing and get a status report.
Not only has Dr. Koch put Tucker on the right medications he's needed to get well, but he's also helped me search for permanent solutions through his diet, added fiber, etc (including sitting on the phone with me and listening to all of the ingredients in Tucker's food to try to find what could be disrupting his system).
I am so relieved to have such great doctors and a facility totally dedicated to my pet's health.
Each visit is around $45-$60, which may seem a bit costly - but the care you and your pet receive are unparalleled to any other animal care providers!
Thank you University Animal Hospital, and Dr. Koch for all that you do!

This place is a freaking joke!
My dog had an abscess tooth root and his face was swollen up.
I brought him in and he was misdiagnosed with a bug bite and given some antibiotics to get rid of the swelling: $200.
A year later it came back big time and was infected!
They lanced it and gave me medicine until he could get an extraction:  $200  Brought him in for the extraction which cost $600 and they pulled a tooth on the wrong side of his mouth!!
When I contacted them they wanted me to pay to have them remove the correct tooth!!
Finally after not backing down they decided to do my the "courtesy" of extracting the correct tooth free of charge but refused to refund any of the now $1000 I had paid previously for his treatment even though they knew that I had to open a care credit card to pay for the surgery!!
My dog now has two large gaps on either side of his mouth and has trouble eating...  Never!
Ever!
Ever!
Let them near your dog!

They have been harassing me for month about paying for tests on my cat that I didn't authorize.
I changed vets a while ago because the first experience I had was a good one but every other after as been horrible.
I won't ever go back.

After calling 4 other vet hospitals after my dog had a seizure, this was the only office I called who was willing to make a same day appointment as soon as they could, and whose staff was very sympathetic to the situation (thanks Monica!).
The entire staff was  friendly despite being  busy the entire time I was there.
The doctor was very friendly and answered all my questions patiently, and genuinely seemed to care about my baby.
It is a bit expensive, so I'm not sure I can afford to go to this office on a regular basis, but I think in what I considered to be an emergency situation, it was well worth the extra money to deal with a patient, caring, friendly staff.
Thank you all for your help with little Rory!

Can I change it to zero stars?
Now they are commenting on my review stating that they removed the correct tooth and that the other tooth was something that happened later....WRONG!!!
My dog went in for the extraction only because he had an abscess tooth root and his face had been swollen due to infection.
When I picked him up after his procedure a tooth on the opposite side of his face had been extracted because apparently there was nothing in his file telling them which side of his face the tooth was supposed to be extracted from.
The cracked tooth they removed on the wrong side of his mouth had never caused him trouble and had not been diagnosed prior.
Then as I said I was expected to pay to have the correct abscess tooth removed and finallyy they agreed to do me the "courtesy" of extracting the correct tooth without charging me but still kept my $600 for extracting the wrong tooth!!!!
Nice try Tom G. Your business was wrong and I should have been refunded for the incorrect extraction along with having the correct tooth extracted but since all that matters is money to this place they refused to refund my money which I am still paying off on a care credit card....

The girls that work the front area / reception are all jerks in my opinion, very very unfriendly they have zero people skills..They need to be trained or replaced.. and that is why I have to take a star away.
BUT that being said, Dr. Cortez is amazing.
University Animal Hospital has been my two dogs regular vet for some time now, every time I've gone I have seen a different doctor.
I usually schedule appointments based on my time availability and therefore the doctor I've seen has always been different.
But from now on I'm only having my dogs see Dr. Cortez.
Yes, she's THAT good.
Very friendly, you can tell she legitimately loves her job even at mid day when most people would be dragging their feet, she is still exuberant.
She went out of her way to research an issue my dog had that she had never heard of.
Now we know the answer!
But no doctor had ever gone to any lengths to research what it was until we met Dr. Cortez.
Katie the technician / assistant that took my dogs temperature and heart rate was pretty darn great too.
My dog has a lot of anxiety and was scared to stand on the exam table, so Katie got on the floor to read my dogs heart rate to help make my dog feel more comfortable.
I appreciated that!
University Animal Hospital is quite a drive for me, I live in Chandler, but I'll gladly make the drive to see Dr. Cortez when my pups need to go to the vet!

Our dogs have been patients of University Animal Hospital since our arrival in Phoenix 6 years ago.
We came to their practice because of the many recommendations we received from colleagues and friends.
We've stayed with the Practice because of the wonderful care of the veterinarians and staff.
Over the past 6 years, our dogs have seen all of the veterinarians and they are all top-notch!
About 6 weeks ago, our youngest dog, Zoe had ingested a foreign body.
It was late at night so we started to seek help for her at the Emergency Animal Clinic in Gilbert.
At EAC, they did X-rays over a 12 hour period and confirmed a significant blockage.
EAC worked with us to have her transferred to University Animal Hospital where Dr. Evan Ware and the rest of the UAH Team took swift action.
They were prepared for her arrival and got her right into surgery.
Certainly a complicated surgery, but they were in touch with us the entire time.
She needed to stay in the hospital as she recovered.
The Team was so dedicated and they watched her very closely.
Dr. Anna Reading was in charge of Zoe's case in the coming days and provided excellent treatment for our girl.
Dr. Reading went above and beyond all of our expectations with many updates and treatment recommendations, even providing us an urgent cell number if we needed to reach her.
She was in touch with the Team at all times.
After a few days in the hospital, Zoe did develop complications from the surgery and some of the damage as a result of the foreign body itself.
These complications are common ones given the severity of the object and the degree to which it had blocked nearly all of her intestinal tract.
I am completely confident that these complications are not a result of action taken in the surgery.
I am so pleased with the diligent monitoring that Zoe received.
When she was beginning to have trouble, the entire group of Veterinarians met to discuss changes to Zoe's treatment plan.
I happened to be at the hospital visiting Zoe and it was quite a sight to see.
The group of Veterinarians were so passionately and diligently discussing Zoe's case.
It gave me every confidence in them and the Practice.
She needed to go back into surgery and quickly.
Dr. Flegenheimer and Dr. Koch took her back into surgery where she needed to have part of her intestine removed.
This second surgery saved her life and if it weren't for the entire Team's diligent care and monitoring, we would have lost her that afternoon.
Zoe spent 9 days in the hospital and had 2 surgeries, she required 2 overnight trips to EAC for monitoring, and she is likely to need special feeding accommodations for the remainder of her life.
However, this 2 year old dog has a long life ahead of her because of the wonderful Team at University Animal Hospital.
We are forever grateful to them.
It is my pleasure to offer my experience with this Practice as a recommendation to other pet owners in the community.
Sincerely, Tina C.

I'm not even a paying customer and received such amazing customer service that I had to shout about it.
A woman I take care of is in the hospital and one of her dog's ran away.
On top of that, she is a disabled widow whom is currently in the hospital, so losing her "baby" was the worst thing that could have happened.
I had some info from an emergency visit for 1 of her 3 dogs, so the p.m. receptionist was able to find out that they didn't records on the one I was searching for.
With any other business, that would have been the end of the call or willing assistance.
The woman gave me multiple avenues for locating him (Highway) and genuinely cared.
He had been missing for 4 days and I appreciate the help that led to his safe return.
I'm not a customer, but i'll always be a fan!!

It is with a bit of sadness that I write this review.
But I am sure that it will be therapeutic in the end.
I took my little dog here for the past 5.5 years.
Most of the time, he went here for boarding and he loved it.
When he would arrive, he would jump from seat to seat in my car and the care takers in the kennel knew my dog and they all loved him very much.
My dog loved this place.
I liked the indoor/outdoor kennels for him because he liked to run around.
At the end of each visit, my baby boy would come home exhausted from all the jumping and excitement.
Depending on how long he stayed, sometimes, he would just rest for the first day back home.
He loved the excitement of barking at the other dogs and bouncing bouncing bouncing around.
My little guy was also cared for very well when he went here for boarding and I also allowed the doctors there to take care of his veterinary needs.
Once when I was out of town, they phoned me to tell me that the doctors had taken a look at him to make sure he was ok because he seemed to be having some problems.
I appreciated the call.
The doctor that I spoke to explained to me the symptoms to look for when we arrived home.
I did, but never saw them and he was healthy.
VERY healthy.
My dog, unfortunately, got out of our yard and was hit by a car.
I had to bring him here for the last time.
I called the office before bringing him down, as he was already dead and I just didn't know what to do.
Misty was so kind to me and helpful and comforting.
I was understandably upset by it all.
But she comforted me when I needed it and had the paperwork ready for me when I arrived.
I was given all of the information and options for handling my dogs remains.
I paid and I went on my way.
This office is great.
While some may complain about the prices, I know my dog loved it here.
I would recommend them over and over again.
I know Jack would.

I absolutely love this animal hospital!
From boarding to grooming to treating my emergencies, this place does it all.
The front reception staff is friendly and courteous, not to mention efficient.
The nursing staff is second to none.
And the doctors, they are simply the best!.
I have been bringing my menagerie here for several years.
I have never been disappointed.
Keep up the great work!

Very disappointed.
Unresponsive vet Dr. Haig.
Took my dog in for ear hematoma.
Pretty pricey visit considering it lasted maybe 10 minutes.
Received follow up voicemail from vet.
I called her back and left a voicemail I'd like to talk with her and to please call back.
NEVER CALLED ME BACK.
After calling me and me spending $160 I was angry that I was ignored by the one person who is supposed to care about my pet.
I have brought my pets there several times over the years.
No longer my regular vet but since open on weekend I took my dog there.
Never again.
Won't be back.

I was very pleased with the boarding.
I had a horrific previous experience at Canine Country Club, but here my dog was returned to me happy, healthy, clean, and most importantly bug-free.
He stayed 6 days.
The reason I gave it a 4 is because the receptionist who checked me in seemed reluctant to give me my 10% off for filling out the online form prior to coming in.
I had to inquire about it, had I not mentioned it my bill would have been 20 dollars more.

