Yes, there is a sushi god, and he has plopped a sushi place right down at Thunderbird and 7th Street.
It's open!
and not only is it sushi, it's HAWAIIAN SUSHI!
The place is tiny, very intimate.
The walls are deep blue and the seating is like a lot of Japanese bars, very stark... but these are lime green.
The menu is terrific, with all the traditional sushi, sashimi, and extras... plus, they have a ton of really original specialty rolls.
I love their sushi.
I thank the sushi gods because it is in my neighborhood and I can pick up a yummy roll for dinner on my way home.... and I don't even have to go out of the way to do it.
mmmmm..... sushi!

I'm only giving this place one star because I couldn't figure out how to give half a star.
Now, I'm neither a sushi expert nor a snob when it comes to it but I know quality sushi when I taste it and this was not it.
It was too bad because my friend and I were really excited to try this place out...especially since she lives across the street and we have been waiting for them to open their doors for a while.
I kind of got the feeling that this was going to be an interesting evening when we walked in and nobody really acknowledged our presence until I gave the chef the "tell me if I should seat myself or wait for the waitress before I stab you with a chop stick" look...right after that he gracefully mouthed the words "just sit anywhere".
After waiting for 5-7 minutes the waitress finally came and brought us water and gave us some menus to look over.
Normally on a Friday evening I would've understood the wait but the place only had like 10 people inside!
At this point I am really hoping that the sushi will make up for the crappy service.
The menu had some unique rolls with some traditional rolls too.
We wanted to try some of their own creations so we picked the Sqidinator, Bubba Gump roll, and the old favorite...the Philadelphia Roll.
So, at this time I'm feeling pretty good about our choices until they made us wait forever for our food.
I think the remaining artic glaciers melted while we were waiting...ok so I'm exaggerating but that's how it felt!
When they finally brought out the sushi the Philly roll and the Squidinator were first.
I went for the squid first and as soon as I bit down all I could taste was the mayo they put inside.
It was so overpowering you couldn't even taste the squid.
Obviously I was disappointed.
Now, with the taste of mayo and fried squid in my mouth I reached for the Philly roll hoping the cream cheese inside would wash away the aftertaste of the roll.
At least with this roll they didn't add too much of anything but the quality was definitely not there.
I mean c'mon who messes up a Philly roll!
They managed to make it taste like something I could buy at Safeway!
Now, all my hopes, dreams and future business were dependent on a roll named "Bubba Gump".
Well just like the movie this roll should have been left to die in Vietnam!
Again, they added to much mayo and some kind of hot sauce.
They should have just gave me a bowl of mayo, hot sauce and rice...maybe that would have been cheaper because for these prices I should have gone to Stingray or Ra.
Now, the worst part came at the end of the evening...no it was not the bill it was when the waitress asked if everything was good...and I answered "everything was great!
To this day I don't know what left more of a bitter taste in my mouth...the food or my lie.
This might have all been grand opening bugs they will work out but for the time being for quick sushi I am sticking to Sakana which is around the corner from my place.

Cute little contemporary sushi bar tucked into an unassuming strip mall.
I'm not big into the sashimi part of the sushi world so I stick to the specialty rolls for the most part.
I enjoyed all the rolls I tasted about 6 or so.
The Rasta with spicy tuna was very good, Surf and Turf was different but good,  one with tempura chicken  was fine, soft shell crab was tasty and fun to look at with it's big legs and claws sticking out of the rolls.
I think they just opened a few weeks ago and don't have ordering system down  yet, they kept bring out several items that we didn't order.
Other than that this is a good place to drop in and get some good hassle free sushi.

We tried Wild Tuna's recently.
I can't say that I would go back as the pices are high, the sushi is just OK, and the amibience and service are sub par.
Likes:   The Green Eggs and Ham roll had a nice bite to it and I liked it  Dislikes:  The sushi.
The choices are very limited, the portions are very small for the price, and the presentation is poor.
The spider roll was not as good as others in the area, too oily for my taste.
Beverages:  Although it has the word spirits in it's name don't expect too much.
They carry only one "Japanese" beer Asahi which is made by Miller in the US.
There is no menu for Sake so you have to just order it with no idea on what it is or what it will cost.
Even the non-alcoholic choices are poor.
If you order tea (usually pretty good in most sushi restaurants) you'll get a crappy teabag in a large stainless steel pot producing a poor excuse for a cup of tea.
Bottom line:  If you like Sushi, go elsewhere, you will spend less money, get better food, and have a more positive experience

I'm currently here for business and I just left the restaurant.
I basically had sushi the past four days at different restaurants...
I'm staying at the Hilton Tapatio, so I was keeping an eye out for local restaurants.
I have to admit, the logo caught my eye, so I decided to look it up on Yelp.
Here's the lowdown:  Likes: Surf n Turf (wonders what it would be like with Kobe beef) Green tea ice cream Looks like a fun place for a first date - if you both know how to use chopsticks.
Women like men with good finger dexterity.
But you might not get a lot of privacy, it can get loud as you can easily hear other people's conversations.
Okay: Rainbow roll  Dislikes: Hotate with Mayo Does not accept American Express (my corporate card)  The restaurant looks fairly new - then again, just about every business around here doesn't look more than 5 years old.
I was here on a Monday night at 6:50pm.
Besides myself, there was a family sitting at the sushi bar and two young women at a nearby table.
I was greeted kindy by the Chef, who looks like he probably owns the place.
And I was immediately told to take any available seat.
I'm assuming the waitress was the wife of the Chef and she asked me if it was my first time.
Based on the demographics of this area, I take it not a lot of asians / filipinos live in this area.
She handed me a paper menu that had traditional sushi / sashimi / rolls / salads / appetizers on the front, and the specialty rolls with expanded descriptions on the back.
I don't drink alcohol, so I ordered a Pepsi, so she brought out a can with a glass of ice filled with my drink.
When I'm new to a sushi joint, I usually try to look for a baseline that I'm familiar with.
For me, my favorite is the Rainbow Roll from Sushi Sams in San Mateo.
Wild Tuna's Rainbow roll was under $9 bucks, which seems like a deal, but it was relatively small, which is okay because I hate big rolls which make me take two bites and gets messy.
But at the price, they do put good size pieces of fish.
I only like Salmon and Tuna on mine, and they were happy to grant my request at no extra charge.
I also asked if they could put real crab meat (yes folks, a lot of sushi joints use the fake crap) - but unfortunately, they were out.
In the back of my mind, I can't help but wonder how fresh Sushi could be out in the middle of the desert called Phoenix.
I am a bit spoiled by the availability of "fresh off the boat" fish in the San Francisco bay area.
The salmon tasted great, which means, no fishy smell or flavor.
The tuna, wasn't as high a grade of tuna that I'm used to, but it wasn't bad considering that I'm nowhere near the ocean.
They used very little, as in quantity, shredded fake crab meat, but it is better than the fake king crab leg meat that Yaso served me last week.
I also ordered Hotate (scallops) with mayo.
I usually save that for last if it is really good, but I ate it first along with cucumber salad that came out the same time.
Based on this experience, I probably wouldn't order it again.
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't very good either.
There was a very slight taste of fishiness to it (i'm picky), so the vinegar like tanginess of the cucumber salad masked the taste.
Finally, my Surf n Turf came out!
This was Shrimp tempura and grilled enochi mushrooms topped with seared beef and finished with a tangy sesame dressing with a hint of onion.
Although the rice was drenched in the light soy like sauce, the flavor was rich and the steak was buttery tender.
I would come back just for this.
Forget about the traditional stuff - which you can get anywhere else for a better deal and taste.
But, I have a feeling that this place is known for its specialty rolls.
I topped off my dinner with green tea ice cream.
I love green tea ice cream and this was really good!
If you have never tried it, it is an acquired taste, but once you love it, you want to have it again and again.
My bill came out to be $32.
I usually would split much with my wife, so your bill should come out cheaper if you share - unless your eyes are bigger than your stomach like mine.
I'm still STUFFED as I write this.
Since there was no "eye candy" to watch (as a previous poster noted), I ended up watching the large screen tv they had behind the bar.
I guess Monday nights are slow nights.
It's okay, I was served quickly and was in and out of there so I could check into my Hotel.

A pleasantly unexpected surprise.
After the first two times my husband dragged me here I was utterly unimpressed - poor service, mediocre (at best) food...so tonight was my first time back in about 5 months and I...liked it.
We had the shu mai (excellent!
), rainbow roll, shrimp tempura roll and squid salad.
I'm an admitted fish snob and can't bring myself to eat sashimi at places that pre-slice the fish, but the rolls were downright tasty.
The tempura crisp and not greasy,  void of any fishy taste.
Service had also improved dramatically.
A grown-up was doing most of the serving, supported by a half-hearted teen.
This is a dramatic improvement over the previous entirely hopeless teen staff.
A really nice surprise!

Tried out Wild Tuna finally.
Like others mentioned, it's a little stripmall place, but they did a nice job decorating to make it more interesting than a strip mall.
The modern atmosphere is somewhat cold if you are used to dimly lit, romantic sushi places.
When we arrived and glanced at the menu I thought it was slightly overpriced, but much to my pleasure, we had conveniently arrived during their happy hour and they give 20% off all sushi, yippee!
(it's a small window, Monday-Saturday 5-6pm)    We had the smoked salmon sashimi, yellow tail sashimi and one of their special rolls along with a tasty bottle of wine.
The roll was awesome, the sashimi was perfect, nice thick pieces, very fresh.
Cute little place appears to be the husband behind the sushi counter and wife serving.
She did a nice job.
They didn't have any wine buckets but she thoughtfully put our chardonney in a water pitcher.
Works for me as long as my wine is cold!
I like to support local business owners like this.

This place was alright.
it's very bright and colorful inside, which was nice, but the food wasn't anything to write home about.
The miso soup was made from powder, as was the wasabi, which was a dissapointment.
We ordered smoked salmon sashimi, that didn't look all together fresh.
The only thing that saved this place was their Dy-No-Mite roll.
I would suggest this to anyone who asks.
All in all, not my first choic of sushi places.

I wanted to like this place, I really did since it is so close to home and a family-owned restaurant, but I had a very disappointing experience tonight.
I went with my father.
We ordered the yellowtail roll, the philly roll, and the surf and turf roll.
We liked the philly the best, but weren't impressed with the others.
The surf and turf was saturated in sauce and totally fell apart.
The portions were small for the price we thought.
Also, we were overcharged and the server didn't want to adjust our bill.
I thought the decor was pretty cute, but I could have done without the big TV screen.
I won't be returning here in the future.

This is my favorite place in the valley for sushi rolls... and a few other items that you can't get anywhere else!
...and I can practice my Japanese... the chef/owner and hostess of the restaurant are Japanese, so that's refreshing.
Before I begin, I should state that if you like eating sashimi and nigiri type sushi, this review may not help you as I stay more on the cooked and maki side of the sushi world... which is why this place is where I crave to go when I feel like sushi!
They aren't traditional--actually quite daring and exploratory in their rolls, and not afraid of entertaining  customer requests.
Of their standard specialty rolls, my favorites are the Surf & Turf (This is the perfect roll to introduce to people who have never eaten sushi or that like meals that are more Steak house), Crunch & Munch, Mango Fandango, Sancho (sans cream cheese--HATE that ingredient in sushi) and a little known roll that Chef Yama makes for the foodie-daring: Frito Bandido (Yes, made with Fritos for that corn crunch!).
If you don't see a roll on the menu or the daily specials board, ask for it anyway, if they have the ingredients, Chef Yama will make it.
Unlike other reviews, I think that Wild Tuna's prices are quite reasonable for a sushi restaurant, especially when it comes to standard rolls like spicy tuna, spider, California & eel rolls--$1-$4 cheaper than some of their competitors.
A word of caution, if you don't like sauce, I suggest you tell Chef Yama to tone it down, because here, it's all about the sauces.
Though I admit, they can be overwhelming (ex.
Eel Roll)... but sometimes for the better... case in point The Surf & Turf.
My usual Wild Tuna's buddy and I will order a spider roll which is quite sauceless to sop up the leftover sesame sauce... trick: leave at least one S&T roll on the plate, or the waitress may take the dish with all that saucy goodness away!
Outside the world of sushi, the hidden gem that always pleases the crowd: Magic Mushrooms.
Just get them... you won't be sorry!
But make sure they've cooled down a bit before popping one in your mouth.
And for dessert?
Ringo Tempura.
Fried wedges of battered apples drizzled with chocolate & caramel syrup with a dollop of whip cream.
Delish!
I hear they have a pretty good but slim time frame for Happy Hour 5-6 M-Sa.
I will have to try it one day... but even if I don't, I'll definitely still frequent the place!

This restaurant is my favorite Sushi place.
Yama Chan does a great job making all of his customers feel at home and the food is great.
It is very convenient and is reasonably priced.
The smoked salmon roll is terrific and the Shu Mai is also excellent.
There are lots of choices and Yama Chan is fun to watch.

I was at the restaurant several times and had a wonderful meal each time.
This review should not have been flagged

I went on a week night so didn't have the issues some have had with service.
The place was dead.
I thought the sushi was ok, but it could have been better.
Prices were a bit steep compared to other places I have been.
2 sets of rolls and a beer was $30..
I could get more for less..

Small but very inviting place.
Service was good and very nice.
The Ell and cucumber was great and so was the squid salad.

This place is extremely good.
Try the fake & bake (spicy) and the Bubba Gump.
Definitely one of the best sushi places in Phoenix.
We were very happy with everything and the owners were friendly.

Excellent saki bombers.
I hear they have exellent sushi.
Will have to check that out another day.

I'm kicking myself in the ass for not trying this place before tonight!
I always thought this place was some modern-style sushi place that we have way too much of in the valley.
I was shocked to find out it's actually owned by a Japanese couple that actually know how to make really good sushi.
This is hands down, the best, freshest, sushi I have had in Phoenix in the past decade!
I've lived in Japan and my wife is Japanese, so we are always on the lookout for something wothwhile.
This place is it.
I didn't experience the service issues other people had (in fact, my service was great), but the food was so much more superior than any of the more expensive sushi joints in town.
For reference, I had the salmon, tuna, mackerel, smoked salmon, eel, and yellow tail.
We also had the spider (softshell crab) rolls, vegetable tempura, and seaweed salad.
All excellent.

I have been to Wild Tuna twice, in the last two weeks.
My boyfriend and I love this place.
Tonight, just to share, we had miso soup, Philadelphia roll, Rainbow roll, the Salmon and Garfunkel and the Surf and Turf.
In my opinion, they were all well worth the money.
We will definitely be going back!

This place has really good Sushi, but note, they only serve Sushi and Drinks, and a smattering of Japanese Apps.
Like Gyoza and Tempura.
Having said that, the staff is really nice, even when they were super slammed like they were tonight.
The Sushi and Sashimi itself is really top notch.
I usually stick the the traditional forms of Sushi (Sushi, Sashimi, Hand Rolls)  My girl likes the Americanized Maki or roll types.
I was converted to the American Maki at this place.
It was all well balanced, and really, really delicious.
Try the Rasta Roll, it was awesome.
All in all a really good place to go for Sushi.

This was my second time trying this place.
My experience was much like the first, except they were much busier this time.
This is sushi, sashimi, and apps only.
The menu has your  typical sushi and rolls, but they do have some very unique menu items and daily specials.
I had two sushi orders and a spider roll, edemame to start.
It was serviceable and comparable to what I've had elsewhere.
Why's they get two stars?
First, I ordered my roll "no avocado" , as I'm allergic.
The bill even said "no avocado".
Guess what, lots of avocado on my roll.
Just like my first time here, I noticed that things taste funny.
The fried soft shell crab in the roll tasted like old oil, while the sushi rice was too vinegary.
Even the soy sauce was funky, with a chemical taste.
Service is slightly less than what I expect from a sushi place.
It's obviously family; the guy, his wife, and their kid, along with a dude int he back frying stuff up.
If they would grease up the customers a little and ask if they want a drink or dessert, I'll bet that they would make more money every night.
I need a neighborhood sushi spot, so I'm going to give them one more shot.

great restaurant the food and service couldn't be better

Everyone needs a local sushi dive, where saki is poured when needed and sashimi reigns supreme.
Wild Tuna fills the bill.
Happy hour roll specials on week nights make the perfect stop in after a long day.
The only waitress is friendly if only just competent, but the job gets done and the rolls are scrumptious.
Make sure to drop in before 7 to get the half off specials.

I've been to most of the top rated and well known sushi spots in the greater Phoenix area and I have to say Wild Tunas is by far my favorite.
Small family run place with the best Yellow tail and Tuna in town.
Highly recommended!

I don't eat fish so I'm not sure how much my review is worth but on my first visit recently the chef made me the most wonderful veggie roll -he even did it without the seaweed which I hate!
Excellent!!

The only :) you saw here were on the menu to indicate happy hour menu items, and by hour I literally mean hour 5-6 only.
Overall the menu is fairly standard, but the prices are a bit higher than I expected for a neighborhood store front style join.
We started with a small bowl of miso soup $2 and edamame $3.80 however it arrived with the meal and not as an app.
For rolls we went light with a TNT roll $11.50 Inside was cream cheese, yellow tail and asparagus, no rice all tempura battered and fried.
Served on a bed of yuzu sauce and siriacha.
The yellow tail was a bit well done for a sushi roll nearly all grey, and the flavors just did not pop in my mouth.
The spicy tuna was mediocre ($6.80) but for that price I was expecting something bigger and or better, it was preseasoned with soy for some reason.
Service was decent.
but we were the only table at 8:30.
None of us got sick either so that is a pro but given the value to portion size flavor and quality I have to say seek other options.

Neighborhood sushi restaurant that is family owned.
I have been here a handful of times and it is good but not great.
Rolls are unique with fun names but a bit overpriced for what you get.
I love yellowtail and it is always amazing here.
Service is slow but I get it when it is just one person waiting on the whole place.
The salads are great here as well.
Owner is always nice and chatty when you come in.
Overall good place to come when I dont feel like driving to my two favorite sushi restaurants.

Got some sushi for take out, and I have to say - it doesnt compare in flavor to several other places in the Valley I have gone to, and the price is higher...  and when I asked for some extra eel sauce, the chef acted like I had asked for his first born!!
And then put about 1 teasoon of sauce in a little plastic cup - Gee thanks!
total bummer because this place is super close to me...

This is totally my go to place!
Freshest ahi in town......

The only thing good about this place was the edamame.
The lack of wine list was a total turn off.
The drink menu period was not good at all.
The sushi was overpriced and lacked the freshness I am used to.
I like trying new places.
This is one I won't return to.

I pretty much call everyone "tuna" so I had a feeling Wild Tuna would do me good.
And it did!
It's an obviously family owned joint and as the owner put it, he's "a bit of a mad scientist".
We tried 3 of the special rolls - all were great.
The presentation was awesome.
Especially the Salmon and Garfunkel - when they served it, "fifty ways to leave your lover" was playing in the background....
I was amused.
Our order came out one item at a time so we werent overwhelmed.
We spent $65 for two people before tip.
We sat at the bar and just, honestly, had a great time.
We aren't sashumi snobs - just wanted some decent sushi.
And this place hit the mark!
I want to go back and leave room for some sushi style dessert.
Tonight's special was the Elvis - peanut butter and banana in a spring roll, topped with chocolate sauce and whip cream.
Hope it's there when we go back!

Stopped in had sushi a second time this last week and was not disappointed.
It's a really fun little spot.
Family run business, which I love, and wonderful fare.
5-6pm is their happy hour on, oh I'd say, 1/3 of their rolls.
They play fun music and serve beer.
I'm definitely making this place our go-to spot when were in this part of town.
Our favorite rolls were the tuna, shrimp tempura, and the captain crunch!

This place is usually busy, but they take care of everybody wonderfully.
The service was excellent!
My favorite part was the sushi that was made - Every roll I received was so good that it required absolutely no soy sauce.
It really had a flavor of it's own that would be detracted by the soy/wasabi.
I'll go here again, definitely.

This place has the best sushi around.
Small, family run establishment.
We've been coming here for several years.
The price is the same as the upscale places like stingray, but the pieces of fish are much larger and the rice allotments smaller.
Fish is fresh and very tasty.
I rarely ever give a five star, but the service is awesome and food is superb.

Wild Tuna's is a cute little out of the way place, always a great atmosphere.
Good for dates or small groups.
I love the famliy vibe of this place!
They always remember you when you come in :) FANTASTIC fresh fish, especially the salmon.
I also love that they have something interesting on special!

Thumbs up

Had a girls night out, and decide to try this place because it was the only sushi place between my girlfriend and I.
Very quaint little place, was happy they had a happy hour.
I love the fact it is a local Mom and Pop.
The edamame was yummy, they had cute different colored soy paper.
Both the owners made sure we were enjoying ourselves and would stop by to chat.
The sushi was enjoyable, not the best I've had, but good.
My friend and I will be returning and hope it is just as good/better the next time.

Great Mom and Pop joint!
Sucks that they're closed Sun

Sushi is pretty good but prices are outrageous.
I bought two drinks and two rolls for happy hour and two rolls after and the bill was over $60.

What a great hole in the wall find!
So glad we stumbled upon this place, right down the street from our house.
The food was great- not a HUGE selection, but good.
Spicy Tuna was a breath of fresh air- it wasn't bathing in mayo.
Actually, there was NO mayo.
And it had just the right amount of "spicy.
"   I wish the menu had happy hour prices.
When we asked, the waitress/owner/wife said, "we'll take a little off.
" It was pretty nondescript, so we didn't know if happy hour meant "half off" or like, "a dollar off.
"   Either way, the food was good, reasonably priced to begin with, and the service and atmosphere were just perfect for a neighborhood sushi joint.
Not showy, not loud, not snooty... just good sushi and friendly owners.
I recommend everyone tries this!
Minus one star for not having a very awesome happy hour deal :)

My husband and I went there for dinner, at first I thought I wanted to turn around and leave, it looked very empty and the atmosphere just didnt appease my taste, but my husband insisted we try it since we absolutely love sushi and like to try new places.
Once the food came, it was actually surprisingly fresh and tasted not bad, they even serve tequila there which you wont find in too many local sushi bars.
I gave it 3 star because of the cold atmosphere, the lights were too bright, tables looked like i was eating at a lunch room, although the prices were clearly not that cheap.
The owners were pretty nice as well, its a family business with the husband and wife working and maybe 1 other person.
That place was ok but I definitely have had better!

My girlfriend and I have been here many times over the past 3-4 years.
We live just down the street and it is niceto have such a great sushi joint so close to home.
It's a mom-pop type place and they take great pride in serving some the best sushi in town.
We always order lots of sashimi...I'm getting hungry thinking about this!
I read previous reviews that their prices are high...I disagree.They are priced how they should be.
You pay what you get for.
You will pay the same at other really good sushi places.
If you are in the area then you have to give this place a try.

Another great restaurant in a strange strip-mall location.
It must be a Phoenix thing I guess.
If this place was located in a swanky part of town it would be the talk o the town.
The sushi is the best I've had in town.
Our group split 8 rolls and I enjoyed all of them.
I really like the artwork and colorful theme too.
The portions are smaller than some other places but the quality more than makes up for it.
I will be back anytime I'm in the neighborhood.

Nice little family sushi place in my neighborhood.
I've been here a few times and haven't been disappointed.
The service is good, the sushi roll selection is better than most places, sashimi is fresh.
The only complaint I have about Wild Tuna is their limited hours.
Open for a few hours for dinner only, and not open Sunday or Monday.

Great atmosphere excellent sushi!

This is some of the best sushi in Phoenix.
The owner and his wife are always there and they definitely take pride in their food, which is awesome.
The hand rolls are excellent and the sashimi is fresh.
This place is tight.

I do agree that the cost is a little up there, but it was well worth it!
I came into the restaurant last night and had an enjoyable time with my friends.
The service was impeccable!!!
I have been recommending this place since I left.
I could afford on a normal weekly occasion, but there is a happy hour until 6pm.
The spirit menu was favorably priced and the drinks were amaaaazing.
I plan on going in again and I am thankful it is down the street from my home!
Thank you for the wonderful experience, Wild Tuna!

Absolutely pleased with this place.
Very nice family owned restaurant.
Clean, simple and inviting.
Killer menu!
Authentic Japanese items and some others.
Never have to wait long for food.
Accommodating as I've ever seen!
The woman even pulled out an extra chair for our baby carrier!
I love going to this place!!

Excellent experience with great food and service.
None of the problems on other reviews.
We have lived near hear for the entire time it has been open but had not stopped in.
Really glad we went up.
Very limited hours, Mon-Sat 5pm until ??.
But we will definitely be back.
Our normal Sushi place is Cherry Noodle Blossom, but each of the four plates tried was better than anything I have had at noodle blossom.
Very very fresh.
Complaints?
Only that I missed the light on the way up and had to come back south to it.
Can't blame them for my mad navigation skills.

I have read a few other reviews that say this place is a mom and pop place.
Let me clarify- Pop actually makes the sushi and his son is the very friendly waiter.
They were both very professional and checked to make sure we like all of our food.
Knowing that we are supporting a local business and their food was really good, we have found our new sushi place!
One other clarification from other reviews- a few people have talked about a cafeteria-like atmosphere and bright lights.
I am very sensitive to lights and was not bothered by theirs at all.
The decor is pleasant with dark walls and simple tables and chairs.
I thought it all looked pretty familiar and then when I looked at the bottom of their soy sauce bowls, it hit me.
The decor and dishes are all CB2 or very similar.
CB2 is the college or just starting your career level of Crate and Barrel.
Simple, clean, slightly trendy, and overall comfortable.
As for the food (which is the whole reason for going, right?
), my husband and I loved or really liked all of the sushi.
We tried four different dishes since the waiter was kind enough to inform us as we walked in that we still had ten minutes if happy hour left.
Happy hour from 5-6 on a Saturday night?
Nice!
I always have to have yellow tail when I have sushi and theirs was yummy.
Then we tried some less conventional sushi.
The surf and turf was very good but I don't eat much steak anymore.
The sauce they use on it was really yummy tho.
My husband loved the dynamite rolls.
I thought it was good, but did not like the taste or consistency of the sauce the scallops were in when it was eaten with the roll.
My favorite of the unconventional rolls was the captain crunch.
Altho I am not usually a fan of tempura or eel sauce, the combination of the crunchiness of the tempura flakes on top of the roll and the sweetness of the eel sauce made this a nice sushi dish to end the meal on.
The amount of eel sauce was just perfect.
By the way, if you ask about their beers, don't get turned off if the waiter says bud light first.
They have some good Japanese beers (Kirin light, Kirin ichiban, Sapporo).
We suggested he not say the bud first so we will see if he changes.
The house sake was typical compared to other sushi places.
Overall, nice place, great service and staff, yummy food, local and family-owned.
We found our new sushi place!

Great place.
Will be back again.

Really fresh!
The atmosphere is nice.
Honestly, the smoked salmon nigiri was the best I've ever had.
My tuna roll was also quite spectacular.
Thumbs up to this place.

I have low expectations when it comes to sushi in the phoenix metro area, but the sushi here was pretty good.
The ambiance was nice and the staff/chef attentive.
I just wish there was more nigiri options since I'm more into nigiri and sashimi than rolls.
The sides were also good.

What a delightful surprise!
Clearly a family owned place that takes pride in what they make.
To kick off the happy hour, we had the "Strawberry Fields" cocktail (and a Sopporo).
The cocktail was made well, not too heavy on the alcohol, and the owner (who made the drink) kindly offered the over pour.
We then tried the Captain Crunch roll, which had an excellent presentation and was delicious.
We had intended only a quick appetizer but wanted to explore the menu since it was clearly quality fish.
We asked the waiter, likely the son of the owner and was professional and courteous, who recommended the a Spicy Tuna roll.
We appreciated this suggestion since it was one of the least expensive items on the menu, which told us he wanted us happy, not just up-selling.
We weren't disappointed.
They do not take a standard approach to the roll, and it's a must try.
By the end of the night, the diners and the staff were all politely conversing and talking, just enjoying the evening.
Fresh seafood,  delicious sushi at a family owned place that clearly wants to win over its customer base.
How can you go wrong?

This place had great service and the sushi was great.
The dynamite roll was so good.
The 4 of us ate 6 diff rolls and we were stuffed and it was not expensive.
Highly recommend this place.
Intimate atmosphere and very clean inside.
The sushi chef was very helpful and nice.

The food, service, atmosphere and drinks were all 5 star!!
The only reason I put a 4 star review is because the tables were sticky.
Would go back in the drop of a dime!

