My mouth was definitely amused.
And in a good way.
Before my visit I pictured a French style pretentious little place.
Don't get me wrong, I didn't go in with bad thoughts, that's just what came to mind with the name.
But when we walked in, the place and especially the people were anything BUT pretentious and the food was anything but just French.
Sure, there were the French staples like quiche and croissants...but then there was freshly made hummus, fritattas, paninis, and the biggest shocker, burnt ends sandwiches.
Not to mention a good selection of tempting desserts (oh yeah).
The owners were extremely nice and had the cutest little daughter with them that just made you laugh as she gave her 'dadda' raspberries on his neck as he held her, and pointed at the desserts murmuring gleefully 'chocolate'.
A girl after my own heart.
Definitely a family friendly place.
It seemed everyone that worked there had such a good relationship with each other.
They gave samples as freely as their smiles and recommendations.
The hummus was so obviously deliciously fresh, and had the wonderful aroma of garlic.
It's the first time I ever ate hummus by the spoonful.
I could never do that with the store bought stuff.
Yuck.
But this stuff...this was the shiznits!
The lamb panini was oozing caramelized onions and aioli mayo with tender shavings of perfectly cooked lamb on a chewy crusty baguette.
I know, baguette and panini...doesn't seem right...but it was delish.
It came with a side of fresh greens drizzled with balsamic, sprinkled with candied pecans.
Yummers.
The artichoke fritatta was pretty tasty, although I wish it would have been a larger portion for the price.
Fritatta eater wasn't as pleased as I was with my panini.
We tried the creamed green chili soup while there also...that had a mild little bite to it and was yummy as well, but I decided to forgo the soup for tonight.
The piece de resistance had to be the chocolate torte.
Smooth dark Belgian chocolate in a flaky crust.
It just slid right down my throat and gave my tummy a big hug.
Amuse Bouche is actually a take-out / catering restaurant.
Just keep in mind if you take out, it's not a fast food restaurant so you'll be waiting a little for your food.
I didn't mind at all since the people there just chatted with us while the food was being prepared.
The menu changes daily, so you're bound to find something tasty every day.
Synopsis:  A second, third, fourth....maybe more...visit is definitely in my future.
For about a dollar more than McDonald's (remember, the people who didn't know who People Day was even though they made the sign) you can get fresh food that is a whole heck of a lot healthier and tastier.
They even have imported drinks if you're in the mood to try.
Amuse my Bouche anytime!

A very delightful treat!
I had their filet mgnon and it was cooked to perfection.
It was served with their spectacular carrot butter and potatoes.
I highly recommend this bistro.

Not a bad little place.
Claims to be a gourmet "takeout" but there are a few tables inside and out that you can sit at, despite the fact that the entire shop is roughly the size of my master bedroom's crapper.
I got their menu and will scan and post it when I get around to it.
Since I was the designated food bringer-homer, I ordered a lamb panini for myself and a flank steak panini for my wife, along with an order of blueberry bread pudding and mille feuille, which the lady informed me meant "a thousand layers", confirming what I already knew from high-school French.
The paninis came in boxes which also contained a reasonably boring salad spruced up with a fairly tasty balsamic dressing and candied pecans - the first time I believe I've ever had those.
They added a little something that improved the taste further.
The panini was delicious; the lamb part of it, anyway.
It's real hard to get good lamb in this city, especially lamb that tasted this good.
I'm dead sick of typical lamb dishes in the US where everyone seems to think that you cannot prepare lamb without rosemary (==FALSE).
The sweet onions with it were perfect.
I didn't like the crusty bread that it was on - maybe that's the standard for a panini but I'd have preferred something that didn't rip the roof of my mouth wide open.
Two minor issues with this place.
Firstly, it's too expensive.
The paninis at $10 each are right at the upper limit of what I'd pay for what I got.
Other dishes, like the fish and chips, are exorbitantly priced - would you pay $16 for F&C?
There's another steak dish they have for $23 which is probably the filet with carrot butter (the menu's downstairs or I'd check again) - get serious, this place is a tiny hole in the wall and I'd expect nothing over $12, even if the chef DID have a French accent.
And even if they DO mix carrots with butter.
Second thing.
That kid that blows raspberries and mutters "chocolate" into her dad's armpit or whatever was there again.
This time Grandpa brought her in.
She ran around for a bit, then she sat down and her mum (behind the counter) brought her out some hummus to eat (?!
), all the time giggling about how the little girl was wearing her "pirate shoes" or something.
Okay.
This is a take-out shop, not Disneyland.
If I want family-style hijinks I'll go to Chucky Cheese, not what I thought was a gourmet French place.
Kiddy stay home when mummy and daddy worky; customer eat and leave happy.
I'm not one of those people that smiles beatifically when young kids caper about and drool over candy.
Unless it's my kid.
You can imagine what Halloween is like at my house.
Fortunately I only spent a short time in there while waiting for my food to be prepared.
Four stars this time purely on the strength of the lamb panini and the fact that the counter gal was nice enough to give me a cold glass of water while I waited.
The desserts are still in my fridge from when I went there yesterday and I'll probably eat one or both of them tomorrow, since we already had an early dessert from Ritters this afternoon.
*8-) I don't think they'll change my rating either way, though.

This is definitely not a restaurant for large parties of more than about 6 people.
The whole restaurant is about ten tables big, if that.
It is a small, quaint location with excellent service.
You can expect mostly paninis, soup, salad, and entrees like fish and chips.
It is a a tad bit pricey, but not really.
You will spend about ten bucks a person on an entree and that isn't all that bad.
Next time I go there I am going to just get soup and salad so I can gorge myself on their desserts.
I had a fancy pants peach cobbler with vanilla bean ice cream.
Makes mouth happy.
I'm going to say it's not that it couldn't be kid friendly, but most of the things on the menu definitely have grown up tastes and portions to them.
Also, they are only open to about 7 pm or so, so don't expect to get a super late dinner there.

Lovely little restaurant, lovely little surprise.
What a nice way to have lunch after a day of exploring out west.
Although small and in a strip mall, once inside you are in a charming red "bistroish "  cafe.
The style is warm and the food is delicious.
I  highly recommend the Lamb Panini  super good, moist  and flavorful.
The Fish And Chips special was tasty too.
The fish and fries both appeared to be beer battered .
Generous portions and great taste.
Can't wait to go back.

We have eaten there twice and all dishes were prepared  as good as they get.
We have had home made soups,mussels, fish and chips and the steak.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere  was that of a small neighborhood restaurant.
It started as just a catering business but customers suggested they serve meals.
First was just one meal a day ,now it is all three except Sunday it is closed.
This is the first meals we have had in Surprise where we found the food to be this good .
We hope that in the future improvements are made in the atmosphere as Some French decore and music would enlighten the experience.
We can take our own wine there and corkage is only $2 per person.

I agree with some of the sentiments below.
Yes it's a small restaurant, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in flavor.
This is a rare gem this far west in Surprise.
The food is flavorful, well presented, and the service is pleasant.
I have had the Paella and the Lobster Mac & Cheese and was supremely impressed by both.
My companions were in agreement...fantastic restaurant.

I love a good vegetable sandwich.
I don't mind paying a premium for getting what I love.
Unfortunately, the veggie sandwich I had at Amuse Bouche - recommended by the server - was stunningly mediocre, considering my bill ended up being somewhere around $13 bucks for a sandwich and a few fries.
The aioli was bland, there was an amount of cheese that went beyond the realm of good taste, and the roasted vegetables were sopping wet from the marinade or braising sauce or whatever they used - oily and overpowering, not tasty and delicious.
I make occasional trips to Buckeye and Surprise for work, and was hoping to find a gem in the West Valley based on the reviews of this place.
It wasn't completely bad - just priced at a point they'd never be able to get away with if there were more competition for the dollars of Sun City Festival residents.

Chef owned gem!
This is the best lunch place in Surprise, but the dinner menu is the best.
The small dining room is a bit of an issue with the giant lunch crowd, but dinner is usually better.
If you live near, I highly recommend doing take-out and enjoying the great food in your own dining room.
Since the restaurant doesn't have a liquor license, take-out allows you to enjoy a great bottle of wine with your meal.

For most people in the valley this little bistro is to far away for them to dine at.
I'll give you a few reasons why should check this place out.
It's not far away from the Surprise baseball stadium, so it could be your choice to have lunch before a spring training game.
It is directly on your way by car to Vegas from Phoenix.
Or here's another reason, it really is worth the drive because how great the food is.
A very small place with about 20 seats so it's very quaint as you would expect.
Nicely decorated with a french flair and a large window looking directly into the kitchen.
So you get to see the chef in action!
On to the meal, the Cabernet Burger is one of the tastiest that I have ever had.
Marinated in cabernet sauvignon, topped with swiss cheese, applewood bacon, and carmelized onions.
The flavors ooze all over the bun and into your mouth.
Also comes with some delicately delicous fries.
A little crispy, but not to much, just the way I like it.
This restaurant is a great addition to the neighborhood.
Who would have thought Surprise would have such a great place to eat!

WOW!
What a dining experience:-)  Don't let the small room in an out of the way strip mall fool you.
This place has big flavor in all it's dishes.
I had the rack of lamb.
Tasted more like a miniature prime rib!!!
No hint of any gamy flavor which lamb can have.
Also, you must have dessert and make it the bread pudding.
As good as Commanders Palace in New Orleans, and that's the best I've had...until now.
And bring your own bottle of wine.
They don't have a liquor license, but will open any you bring.
Feel free to call ahead to ask for suggested wines for for the options on the menu.
If you're in Phoenix, this is place is a must.
I've heard their burgers are great, but will have to wait until my next visit to report on this one.

Went here for dessert.
Was craving a dark chocolate tart.
The rich dark chocolate was good, but I'm not sure I would get it again.
The crust was very average.
Perhaps the restaurant's culinary forte is in the entrees.
I was looking forward to trying out the dinners next time, but am not sure I will return.
I mentioned as we were being seated that we were there for dessert.
The waiter just seated us without a menu, brought water and left.
Then he walked by and said he would be with us in a bit.
He came back & proceeded to set the table with a fork, spoon, and knife.
I mentioned to him that we had wanted dessert only.
He said he knew, and then proceeded to rattle off the desserts quickly.
The waiter came across as edgy, somewhat annoyed, and not wanting to be there.
For wanting to be an upscale bistro, I found the attitude of service to be unacceptable.
I am more than willing to pay for great food and/or service, but this place disappointed me enough to make me not want to come back.

If you live in Surprise you know that there are not many good dining options.
Well this unique French place is top-notch, we have desert and the blueberry bread pudding was out of this world.
Will try entree's soon but great start

A friend of my wife and mine recommended this place to us saying that the meatloaf sandwich was wonderful.
I'm always looking for something 'new' and different so after my wife had her hair done next door to the Amuse, we decided that because we were in the neighborhood, we'd give it a try.
The placed looked nice, it was small, clean and we were the only customers in the place at about 1:00PM.
There was an elderly man there (I think he was related to the owners and he was baby sitting for a 5 yr old girl).
At any rate, he was not eating, just baby sitting.
The menu is sparse with only 6 featured items and then a few other items like a vegetarian sandwich and a soup of the day.
I wish I had taken the soup of the day (Creamed Green Chili) but unfortunately, I had the 1/2 lb hamburger called The Cabernet Burger because it's flavored with a Cabernet wine.
I'm sure that a lot of people would like this burger but it just wasn't for me.
I'm not sure if there was too much wine in the burger or if the meat was just too greasy because the bottom half of the bun was soaked with something - either grease or wine oozing from the hamburger meat.
In all honesty, I did eat 1/2 of this huge monster of a burger and 1/2 of the fries - that would be the half that weren't overly deep fried and hard as wood.
My wife had the Quiche Lorraine that comes with a salad and was supposed to have balsamic vinaigrette but to me, it looked like they forgot to add the dressing or if it was supposed to be on the side and they forgot to bring the dressing with the meal.
My wife passed on eating the quiche because it was a little runny for her taste.
Quiche has to be baked for about a half an hour and then it has to set for a little while before being cut and served.
It is my guess that this quiche was baked much earlier in the day and then left out under a heat lamp.
It looked like the egg / custard mix was starting to 'melt' and as it did, the crust began to get soggy.
So, we paid about $22 bucks for half a burger a dry salad and a glass of tea.
Unlike our friend that recommended the Amuse to us, I will steer our friends away from this not so good place.

I was really looking forward to visiting this restaurant.
I chose breakfast because it's the only time they have BEIGNETS :D  Having said that, I was more than a little disappointed with the service.
I called an hour before I planned on being there, 9 am on Sunday, to ask if it was necessary to have a reservation.
The answer was "ALWAYS"...
I thought maybe I heard wrong or he misunderstood, because it sounded a bit rude, lol.
I made my reservation & arrived to find the place nearly empty.
I told them I had a reservation & I was simply told very curtly to "sit at any table for 2", so I did as told :) I ordered a coffee & beignets, because that's what I came for & chatted with my companion while eating them.
About 10 the waiter came by & asked if there was anything else he could do for us as he cleared everything out from under our noses,,,,, believe me when I that everything about him was saying "get out if you're not going to order anything else".
We laughed it off & went on our merry little way.
I figured he was having an off day, happens to everyone, until I read some of the other reviews & it sounds like he may be having a bad year,,, that happens too!
I plan on going back for dinner.
I'm hoping it is so delicious that it makes the service of no consequence :) If I strike out the second time, there will be no going back!

Very small place but well design...
Went there for lunch and was  very quiet... the soup of d Jour was very nice so the quiche.
The cabernet burger was delicious but I was very disappointed with the lamb panini... very blend...
I'm glad that I tried that place for lunch I'm not sure for dinner.
Not too bad but I'm no sure if I'll return :(

What a difference good customer service makes!!
For my second visit I took my with daughter with me.
I called before heading over to make sure they had room for us.
The person who answered the phone was friendly, improvement right off the bat!
When we arrived we were immediately greeted kindly & given an option of 2 tables that were open.
The place was packed, but while our server was available, her co-worker took our drink order & got us started.
Our server was WONDERFUL.
Seriously :)   The food was absolutely delicious.
My daughter is a teen, & anyone who has teens knows that they are hard to please.
I was a little worried that the menu would be a little too adult for her, but luckily that wasn't the case.
She ordered the The Cabernet Burger with, what she calls, the perfect french fries :) , & I got the best Meatloaf Sandwich.
To drink our server recommended a French lemonade to my daughter because I ruled out wine & she doesn't like dark sodas.
The lemonade was a big hit :)  The entire experience, like the fries, was perfect & we both can't wait to go back!

Totally awesome.
Best french food I've ever had.

We have always meant to try Amuse Bouche, but the idea of a crowd always turned us away.
We stopped in on Sat for a late lunch/early dinner and the place was dead!
I had the Cabernet burger.
Really tasty and totally different than any other hamburger I have had.
The taste of the wine really came through and the onion aoili was a nice touch.
I wish the bun was different though, tasted good but pretty much fell apart.
The husband had the meatloaf sandwich and really enjoyed it, he did wish that he had fried instead of the side salad though.
The waitress was sweet and excited to find out that we were Surprise residents and asked us to come back, especially during the summer, since the snow bird crowd is now thinning out.
It sounds like breakfast they may be packed, but I would love to try it out, and I am curious to see what dinner specials they run.

After reading the "Best of Phoenix Awards", I had to try Amuse Bouche.
When I read the article and saw something about it in one of the Yelp talk threads I thought ~ "What is this, a French restaurant located on the west side that is actually good?
"    Well I gave it two chances for my first visit was a 1-2 star experience and my second visit was better but not enough to raise my rating...    First experience ~ I wanted to try the "Best Quiche Lorraine in Phoenix".
What I got was a so-so swiss and bacon quiche that was runny and not evenly cooked.
The pie crust was exceptional but when I pointed out the runniness of the quiche to my server she stated "that's how it's cooked".
My quiche came with a side salad for which I was asked if I wanted some blue cheese crumbles on top and of course I agreed.
I did not know it was going to cost me an additional $1 for what should have been on top of the salad to begin with...
The salad was fresh, the candied pecans were good but the salad needed more dressing.
(see pic)  Aside from the runny quiche the service was deplorable.
Loud 80's big hair band rock was coming from the kitchen area and filtered through this little "French Restaurant".
My server did not know her menu and stated that my quiche was egg-less when I pointed out it was too runny.
My ice tea ran dry a couple of times due to my server and the cook eating in the kitchen.
It was somewhat gross because they were cooking other peeps meals while eating theirs... No hand washing in between, yeeuuh!
Second visit ~ I made sure no one in the kitchen area was eating and cooking at the same time.
I was also glad to get a different server this on visit even though I could not believe the other lame-o server was still there.
This server knew the menu very well and was very attentive with his service.
After reading the Yelp reviews I tried their Cabernet Burger.
It was more cabernet than burger...  You could not taste the beef and the caramelized onions made this burger too mushy for which the bun could not hold up to it.
The French fries were pre-frozen and were not good even with the onion aioli...
I had HIGH hopes for this west side French Bistro but their food and service fell flat like a French Beret...

We enjoy going to Amuse Bouche for breakfast.
We always order the Salmon Eggs Benedict.
The eggs are poached to perfection and the hollendaise sauce is light buttery lemon sunshine!
My son gets the belgian waffle with strawberries and bananas, home made whipped cream and warm syrup.
The potatoes on the side are delectable, crisp on the outside and fluffy when you take a bite!
We alway!
ALWAYS!
get beignets and the croissant basket and a side of bacon and sausage!
The service is warm, friendly and attentive.
Absolutely brilliant breakfasts!

When the Mama was in town we needed to grab lunch while running errands, so we came here...
I had been dying to try it, a good place to eat out here is kinda rare.
I ordered the pork loin panini and the Ma ordered the Parisian baguette sandwich.
Both came with a small side green salad with candied pecans and some kind of creamy vinaigrette dressing.
The dressing wasn't amazing, but it was good, so hence the salad was good.
I felt like the dressing had potential to be better, just a re-work of the recipe would do the trick.
The pork loin panini was really good, I would order it again, but probably never actually will because after trying my Mom's sandwich, I will be stuck on it!
It was soooooooooo amazing!
We ordered take out, but the waiter was still very kind and patient, he gave us some waters and let us sit at the table while we waited, so that was nice.
=) I am so glad to have this place out here!

Wow!
Never knew this place even existed.
Stopped by here only to try their burger!
Yes a burger at a Frenchie restaurant!
Probably one of my favorite burger of all-time!!!
The Cabernet Burger!!!
This puppy has a 1/2lb beef patty flavored with Cabernet wine, Swiss cheese, bacon jam, caramelized onions, served with French fries.
I'm at that age when I am trying different thing in food.
And am I glad I tried this.
Since I am only a few blocks away from here, this is where I will be getting my burger from.
Not sure if the family will like this place.
Wife and daughter are pretty much safe on food.
I will like to come back and try other things here soon.

Meat loaf sandwich was moist with a tomato bacon sauce, along with an onion aioli.
Yum.
Definitely worth a return visit.

I have eaten here many times over the last 2-3 years and it has always been superb.
The quiche Lorraine is so wonderful, just like a custard which it should be.
Sandwiches are excellent.
And dinners are really good.
I go often.

The 4 of us had dinner one night.
With tip it was about 85.
Pros: The food quality was excellent The service was great The bread was delicious  Cons: This is a byob restaurant and there is a corking fee The portions could be bigger.
My father and law and I had the meatloaf and while it was great, for $15, I expected more than 2 pieces on a small bed of mashed potatoes.

Seriously the best waffles i've ever had in my life.
I really like this place, and i'll definitely be back.
I almost didn't go here because of all the reviews that said how few and far between the seating was.
I was happily surprised to see it's really not that small.
I was expecting 2 or 3 tables by some people's descriptions, but it was much more than that.
It was a normal size sit down cafe.
And i'm very thankful for its location as there is not much quality food out in this area.
Highly recommend!

What a joke!
You'd better make a reservation.
If you walk up and put your name on the list they will continue to take reservations over the phone and seat those people before you.
I've never heard of treating your walk in customers so bad.
Such a disappointment as the food reviews are great.
An hour and 45 minutes is absurd when you are told 1 hour.
Also the fsct that the staff would make comments on a customer within earshot.
Totally unprofessional

I would probably give this place 2.5 stars.
There were a few service hiccups that do not seem consistent with the atmosphere they're obviously seeking.
Our main entrees were brought when my husband was still eating his appetizer causing us to scramble to find room for all of the dishes.
My husband's appetizer dish (which was a long rectangular dish and not at all inconspicuous) sat ON the table until dessert dishes were cleared.
Space is at a premium here (so much so that two of our dining companions were bumped by neighboring diners and food had to be passed down the tables as the servers couldn't get to the people at the end).
It also seemed rather expensive.
The food was okay.
My salad wasn't tossed terribly well and despite the description that mentioned candied walnuts, I think I located exactly one.
My filet was quality and cooked well but someone was rather heavy-handed with the demiglace in the kitchen.
My aunt's filet was oversauced as well.
It probably wouldn't have been an issue except it was salty.
(And I LOVE salt so me describing something as salty should tell you something.
)    The bread pudding was delicious although the blueberries were completely drowned out by the caramel sauce.
Overall...  eh.

What a freaking fun little spot!
Our family had a great breakfast at this restaurant and service was very good.
The beignets were a hit with my daughter and wife.
Waffles were a perfect crisp on the edges and loaded on top with fruit and real whipped create.
Syrup tastes like cinnamon buns.
My wife's quiche was cooked to perfection with airy egg and perfectly infused cheese flavor.
And my crepe with ham and swiss cheese was amazingly tasty, large, and filling enough that I only ate half.
I wanted to finish it, I just couldn't    We'll be heading back and hoping to catch when they do their French Onion Soup...  One oddity: We had called ahead and were told they did not take reservations.
When we arrived and asked for a table, they asked if we had reservations.
Chatting with them, it sounds like they do take reservations in the winter/spring (snowbird season) and they apologized for any confusion.
Space is at a premium at this spot, so call ahead.

Yum!
Quiche is fantastic!
The hollandaise sauce like butter!!

The food is ALWAYS amazing from the salads and soups, to the meatloaf sandwich, to the divine Sunday Brunch.
I have dined at AB several times and it is always a culinary pleasure.
The waitstaff treat you like friends.
They have always been prompt and courteous.
While the portions have not been "Super" sized to a typical American standard, I can promise that the portions are MORE than enough.
When such a fabulous place receives rave reviews (from The New York Times to Phoenix Magazine, and more)  people are going to go en mass to try it out...and, well, if you refuse to make reservations please do not pout when you cannot be seated immediately.
I have also utilized their talent as caterers for a celebration in my home for business associates and all of my guests were overwhelmed by AB's amazing food.
Guests were trailing after the traveling servers for seconds and thirds.
It was one successful party!!!
The price point of such incredible food is spot on and I would even say it is a GREAT deal!!!
To the people who have written poor reviews...please DO go elsewhere because you are making my dining experience an unpleasant one with your presence.

If there was anything people seemed to have an issue with this restaurant over it was the service, so we went with managed expectations on that front.
Have to say the service and food was very good, so can't see it.
We went with a baby, which could have been a magnet for sketchy service, yet the staff and our server in particular was very accommodating.
The food was very tasty, the off-menu feta and spinach quiche was fluffy with a chewy crust.
The creamy tomato-goat cheese soup was likewise good, as was our friend's panini.
We may not find ourselves in Surprise too soon but if we do we'd likely be back.

We had a private .gathering at this place last night.
It was awesome.
The chef/owner Snir was terrific at explaining what we were going to be eating.
Our entrees were CoqAuVin and Beef Bourguigon,  also had  Tarte Flambé, and spring greens with a balsamic vinaigrette.
Dessert was Profiteroles, homemade cream puffs filled with vanilla ice cream and smothered in chocolate sauce.
Kierstin & Snir  co-owners were very gracious.

Food is excellent!
Go here for the food and not the location.
I am not a fan of the small quarters or the regular crowd here.
I just want to be clear the atmosphere is not what I go here for.
I only go here for the excellent, Scottsdale culinary chefs and great prices.
If I need a Scottsdale dish without the commute I go here.
I would give it 5 stars, but the location and size are a distraction.

This quaint little restaurant can easily win your heart over with its food.
This restaurant was also featured in Phoenix magazine, and that's how I found out about it... You have to try the quiche at least once when you are here.
The candied pecans are an unexpected surprise with the swiss cheese and bacon mixed inside the quiche.
They are also known for their burgers, so I tried the Cabernet burger, which was absolutely delicious!
It's very filling at 1/2 lbs of burgerness!
I also tried the pate for the first time ever.
It was served with toasted bread.
I'm not the biggest fan of pate after finally trying it, but my husband loved the creamy texture and pungent flavor of the pate and now compares other pates to this one.
There are several different kind of paninis available too.
If you come with a friend, the paninis seem big enough to split.
The lamb panini that I tried had a more gamey taste to it.
Fortunately, there was cheese and other toppings that helped balance that strong flavor out.
I might just settle for a pork panini next time  for a milder flavor.
The restaurant itself is not very big.
I came here once during the week with coworkers and the six of us sat outside on the patio.
The restaurant can get really packed, so it's good that there is patio seating for more options, because it's less crowded on the patio versus indoors.
If you're in the mood for a French bistro restaurant, definitely don't hesitate to come try here.
It's worth the drive!

I don't remember the last time while dining at any restaurant where I was given a piping hot steaming roll out of the oven like I got here, that was a nice start.
We both started with salads, I had the beet and goat cheese and salad with those great house made candied salted pecans with mixed greens.
This salad had the PERFECT play of sweetness and saltiness and was perfectly dressed with a delicious taste.
The goat cheese was high quality meaning not tangy.
The portion was generous ($8.
)  I went with the hanger steak special ($23.).
I wasn't sure if the steak would be tender ordering it medium or medium rare but my server informed me that they use high quality grade of steak and it would be tender no matter how I ordered it.
At first I was a little bummed that it came with only feta side salad instead of a vegetable and potato like one usually expects, but when I tasted everything I was blown away.
Everything was perfect, a perfect sauce, perfect steak and a salad that exceeded my expectations.
My husband went with pasta special ($22) that was made with three different in-house made sausages, sweet, hot, and fennel.
He said the taste was phenomenal and we'd have to come here more often.
I do note the pasta was slightly over cooked.
I noticed most people were ordering the fish and chips special made with cod.
On a past visit I had a similar soup to one I had at Bouchon and honestly Amuse Bouche soup was better.
I was too full for dessert this time but the pots de creme here is exceptional.
The only downside I see here is the very limited daily changing menu, and you might have to go out of your comfort zone and order something you might not usually get.
The only dinner that seems to be regular on the menu is the bacon wrapped meatloaf  ($15)  I've been here several times for dinner, it's always good to exceptional for dinner.
You have to make a reservation because this place is tiny and you have to bring your own booze they charge $3 a glass fee.
4.5 stars

We are impressed!
First visit to Amuse Bouche this afternoon.
We were too early for the dinner menu but the lunch selection suited us just fine.
We gave the duck liver pâté a try as we have never had pâté presented on its own... No doubt whatsoever that this was excellent but it is clearly an acquired taste and we have not acquired it!
The toasted, sliced baguette it came with, however, was fabulous and downright tasty with the simple house salad served with the pâté.
Given that Amuse Bouch is known and acclaimed for their Cabernet burger, that was our entree.
It was everything described; thick, rich, moist, sweet, flavorful.
The braised, candied onions with a wee bit of bacon was a wonderful contrast against the tangy cheese and bold beef.
The ciabatta bun was a light, yet sturdy, vessel for the juicy burger.
The fries, oh the fries!
Thank you for knowing how to make a fry that is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside...
Note I said crispy, not burnt, and tender, not mushy.
They were fries, not a pre-cut baked potato... Yummy!
This was a meal that we will crave again, it was positively memorable, and will bring us back!
Bonus, they asked about every aspect of our meal and upon learning we did not have the taste for pâté, removed it from our bill...
This is over-the-top customer service as we had ate at least 25% of it and it was our personal experiment (as in not their problem we didn't fall in love with it).
They lost a star due to the very small tables and a more eat-in kitchen ambiance than boutique bistro (which is what the name, menu, and color scheme suggested).
But this issue won't keep us from coming back.

My husband and I decided to try this place for breakfast in honor of our anniversary.
We were not disappointed.
We started out with beignets, of course, and they were very tasty and smothered in powdered sugar.
Hubby had the spinach eggs florentine and I had one of their corned beef eggs benedict.
Both of us agreed they were lovely dished.
The hollandaise sauce was light and creamy and my corned beef has was the best I have ever had.
Hubby found out they had bread pudding, so he opted for a desert with our breakfast.
I had a bite, love the sauce, but was to full to share anymore.
Our service was top notch.
The female chef of the couple that owned came over several time to see how we were liking this and that, All in all a very pleasant experience and we will certainly be going back, maybe for lunch next time.

I've been here for dinner several times and always had an experience that exceeded my expectations.
Coming back from Vegas you almost pass this place by so we stopped here at lunch time.
You can tell by looking at my photo this is an above average salad.
The eggs weren't that chalky well done kind but cooked medium.
The salmon was a good quality and fresher than what I can find at the store ,  also prepared medium and was herb crusted.
The salad was dressed perfect and was fresh and tasty.
I didn't think I would like the sweet almonds but did because the sweetness was cut with salt.
The salad was hearty and generous in size and all the flavors went well together.
My husband had the cabernet burger and ordered it medium rare.
The Chef ran out to deliver our plates to us.
He was very happy that someone ordered a medium rare burger since most people who order it ask for well done , I think we made his day.
My husband said the burger was very good and we think the roll might have been made in house since they are French Culinary Trained Chefs in cooking and baking and we had the fresh baked rolls before at dinner time.
The burger also was above average since the meat for it was just FRESH GROUND.
I don't know of any place near by to here that does fresh ground burgers.
The fries were unique.
The fries had an almost sweet buttery taste to them almost like buttery pastry.
I really like them for dinner and they are B.Y.O.B so you can save some money going here but it's a tiny place with a small changing menu so you need to call and ask what they are serving.
We were happy we stopped here.
4.5 stars For sure above average.

Amazing lunch spot!
We chose Amuse Bouche for our anniversary lunch this year and wow!
The intimate setting and the service first of all were top notch.
We both ordered the infamous Cabernet burger.
Heaven on a bun!
My husband has even taken some visiting work associates (used to dining at top Scottsdale eateries) in the past and everyone unanimously agrees with us - best burger ever!
The fries are also fabulous.
Wish we could have stuck around for dessert but unfortunately we had an emergency come up and had to dash before having the pleasure.
That will need to be rectified sometime soon on a return trip.

What a gem!
I loved this place.
The patio was a great atmosphere and the food was fantastic.
It was worth the drive and we will be back with friends in tow!
We enjoyed the burger, the salmon salad, and the yummy chocolate dessert!

My family loved their dinner but unfortunately the restaurant was unwilling to accommodate my request for a vegetarian entree.
When our server checked with the kitchen, she reported that everything was already portioned out and they couldn't make me a plate of polenta & roasted vegetables.
Weak.

Amazing!
I came here for brunch on Sunday.
It is an extremely small space, so when you walk in you are right there (slightly intimidating when everyone turns to stare!).
But once seated it was so good.
The service is the friendliest I've seen, with multiple servers all helping out each table.
I like that it's BYOB and so we brought some bubbly.
There is a glass charge of $3 but well worth it since no corking fee.
The beignets are a MUST try!
WOW!
We all had the benedict, but I can't wait to go back and try everything else!
An absolutely perfect Sunday brunch!

Just went here for a Valentine's Day lunch.
Service was good, atmosphere was ok.
The food was fabulous, got Quiche Lorraine, Lamb Panini and Cabernet Burger.
Will definitely order the Quiche and the Burger, but not the Lamb Panini.
It's nice to have a place close by where the food is really good.

This place is a must hit.
I had a Cabernet burger, and hands down its the best gormet style burger I've ever eaten.
It's messy, just ask for extra napkins, and don't mess with what it comes with.
As is, it's mix of flavors will soon make you disappointed with any other burger.
It's an unusual environment, as someone said earlier, it's a little intimidating when you walk in, but stay, sit, and enjoy.
My wife and I will be going back.

This charming restaurant is a beacon of hope and light on the West side for great eats.
At this point we've been there countless times and enjoyed breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Their BYO wine and beer policy is great.
We usually take a few bottles of wine since there are various specials that we might want to pair with the food.
They do eggs at brunch better than anyone around, plus made-to-order Hollandaise sauce on the Benedict.
The food portions and style is very honest- they have a hard working french style bistro with an American twist.
The owner-chefs were trained in France and it shows in the quality and care of the food.
The food is always fresh - highly recommend dinner.
Try the duck, meatloaf, fresh scallops (the largest we have had in AZ anywhere) - everything is good.
Reserve ahead as the tables fill up fast.

Incredible for breakfast on a weekend morning.
Beignets are a must have and the Eggs Benedict is to die for.
A bit of a drive to North 170th and West Bell, but totally worth it.
Make reservations for the weekends.

Again, let me start by saying I have 22 years of restaurant experience.
Just came back from Sunday "brunch" at Amuse Bouche.
I was really looking forward to the meal.
I was totally disappointed.
First: The staff: What the hell do they think they are serving?
The attitude was that of an extremely high end European bistro and Amuse Bouche falls WAAAAAAY short of that.
REALLY STAFF drop the bullshit attitudes and take a good look at your surroundings and TASTE the food on the plates..it really is not that good to warrant the attitude.
Kitchen staff looked like they just woke up and threw on something off the floor from the bar the night before.....really unsightly.
THE FOOD: Looked nice taste was really at best mediocre.
I do not get it....it could be a gem but unfortunately it is a dud.
Can someone please tell me why this is classified as French ?
Is it the name of the place just so happens to be two French words?
Nothing about the place is French other than the name.
Known for their Benedicts...then they should be better.
Known for the Quiche.....then it should be better.
A must try Beignets.....Have any of you ever been to Cafe Du Monde ?
Brunch ?
Ummm no that was not brunch by ANY definition.
Really bland odd corned beef hash.........I love CBH and this was bad.....really bad.
Clientele: The clientele base really should know better.
I think they do but for some reason they are there anyway.

I've eaten there twice now since the place is literally 5 minutes from my house and I am so tired of chain-restaurants, which is all we seem to have here.
The first time I went for lunch and had the cabernet burger.
The wait was long and the waitstaff not too friendly but for lunch, that didn't bother me much.
I did get a bad stomach ache after eating, my guess was that the burger was too heavy with too much cheese-sauce etc (disclaimer: I try to eat fresh and light, dairy free food as on a daily basis so I probably have a lower tolerance than most on the rare occasion that I do indulge).
The burger did taste very good but it was pricey.
Last night my husband and I went for dinner.
I called ahead and requested a table against the back wall.
The lady on the phone told me "she wasn't sure but she would see what she could do".
Based on that, I was expecting to see a packed restaurant when I arrived, yet we were the only two couples in there (it was early, right after they opened).
Since it's BYOB, we each brought a bottle of Chimay.
It does look like a wine bottle (its beer), but the waitress' reaction was unexcusable.
She said "okay, which one would you like me to open".
My husband replied "both", to which she said "excuse me?
Both at the same time?!?".
Then she looked at the bottles closer and said "oh, it's beer, not wine.
I was about to saayyyy..."   What the H?
I don't care if I bring in a case of wine to drink by myself, such an unprofessional reaction is inexcusable.
It gets better.
We ordered the pate for appetizer, which was good but too cold.
I then asked her if I could swap out the side on the duck breast (bread pudding) for something else since I love duck but abhore bread pudding.
Her response was "well, I'm not sure.
I'll have to ask the chef if he agrees, he tends to get funny about that".
Excuse me?
If I happen to not like a side or am allergic to one, you're going to force me to eat it if the chef does not "agree" with my choices?
I told her "well, he can either swap out the side dish and sell me a $28 duck, or I will have the $8 soup".
She huffed away and came back saying "well, the reason he doesn't want to swap things out is because he orders only so many things for one night, but in this case he has agreed to do it".
Wait a minute, you're telling me the chef only stocks so many potatoes based on what?
How many people his crystall ball tell him will order it that night?
Ridiculous!
It soured the whole dining experience for me.
Anyways, I ordered the duck medium well, it came out rare.
My husband had the halibut and it was drenched in sauce.
The "fresh" mashed potatoes were so runny (butter?
milk?
cream?
not sure) they practically flowed off my plate.
The duck was bland, I've had much much better in many places accross the valley.
We ordered the chocolate pot au creme in an attempt to save the dinner and that fell flat too.
I guess they tried to make it "dense and rich" which basically rendered it inedible.
To top it off, both myhusband and I got sick (not throwing up sick but a bad stomach ache and lots of bloating about an hour after the dinner, second time for that) Now, full disclosure: I was born and raised in Belgium.
I live for an occasional splurge of  french food and I've eaten in many small places around the world  that honor the french cuisine and work miracles with fresh and rare ingredients.
This place does neither.
The food is commercial, overcooked, bland and laced in butter and cream.
The only thing french is the attitudes of the waitstaff and the chef, which they might want to drop given this is Surprise, AZ and not France and customers are used to choices and friendliness.
This is NOT the wonderful experience that French cuisine can be.
Go to Christopher's at the biltmore or Vogue Bistro and you will see what I mean.

We have been going here for years and love this place!
You can't beat the quiche, but the meatloaf is great, too.
I am picky about my meatloaf and theirs is delicious.
Of course the desserts are to die:)  We mostly go for lunch and brunch.
They raise the prices at dinner time and the selection is limited, but it's all good!

crap quick-bake pillsbury "baked to order".
Croissant is NOT supposed to be gooey inside.
Whatever expeller-pressed oil infused chemical it uses to achieve the "buttery" flakiness of the outer crust, you didn't fool me.
[this is my second attempt at this review.
i would *swear* my april review with pictures was well placed, but it has since disappeared.
]  I was so excited to try this place after reading the accolades and seeing some of the reviews here.
I was sorely mistaken.
echoing my bobblehead (and filtered) fellow-yelper's review, this place thinks *way* too high of itself.
drop the attitude folks.
CROISSANT.
# is not supposed to be gooey inside.
it was for fakers.
POTATOES # margarine or expeller-pressed lube is the standard here.
ugh.
and to think we used to eat this stuff without blinking.
for shame.
SERVICE.
server keeps stopping at my table to see what else i want.
every few seconds it seems.
then they drop the check.
before i asked.
ok, i'm not going to fuss.
unwilling to be shooed, i leave it.
then she whisks it away, returning seconds later to scold me because there's no payment inside.
OK OK I get it, I'm leaving!

Was busy running errands with my daughter and need to grab lunch.
I've been wanting to try it so bad!
My daughter isn't very adventurous but went with me just the same.
I had a pork Panini and my girl got some kind of baguette sandwich I wasn't really paying attention I was starving!
Both came with a side house salad.
The pork Panini thing was yummy!
I would totally get that again.
My daughter was satisfied as well.
Going back again that's for sure!

Went here the other night and had dinner with friends we all ordered something different so we could try each others everything was amazing then we ordered two of the deserts the blueberry bread pudding with a Carmel sauce was to die for order it best desert I have ever had in my life

Have not been to Amuse Bouche for quite sometime, actually more than a year.
I needed to bring home dinner tonight and wanted something more than just fast food.
I called Amuse Bouche ahead of time and ordered two entrees for pick up at the end of the day.
I arrived at the restaurant 15 minutes before my "pick up" time and I knew I was early but did not mind the wait.
I was very happy that my meals were not ready as I did not want them to be packed and waiting for pick up as other restaurants do.
I was pleased to watch the chef actually prepare my order and I had a wonderful conversation with the hostess during my wait.
I surprised my husband with dinner which was Beef Stoganoff and Meatloaf.
We open a bottle of red wine and enjoyed our meal.
Both entrees were delicious and we even have some left over!
I know that I will not wait another year before I return!

My wife and I have wanted to try this place for a long time but have not ventured that far west till yesterday.
We eat all over the world and can appreciate tastes that are not the normal chain food.
I had the sweet potato bisque and the brie and ham sandwich, my wife had quiche.
All fantastic!
As an idependent business owner, I applaud their decision to be who they want to be.
My family will be back

Went here for breakfast on Saturday morning only to be informed that they only have breakfast on Sunday mornings from 8 - 11 am.
Coffee was weak -- had them take it back.
Very limited menu.

Saw the place on yelp and it had great reviews.
The food is very good, so come here with a healthy appetite.
You won't be disappointed.
We came here with friends.
We ordered the following: lamb panini, Cabernet burger, grilled ham & cheese sandwich, and pate.
Loved the lamb on panini with the garlic aioli.
The burger was good, cooked at the right temperature and had a very good flavor.
We got the grilled cheese & ham for the kids, but they did an amazing job, almost wished I had ordered it instead.
Lol But the star of the show had to be the pate!
My wife and our friend kept going on and on about it!
The service was good.
They only had one person when we went who was our hostess/server.
Very friendly/attentive despite being the only person in the front.
I say it took about 15 mins for our food to be delivered.
But it's a smaller place and I can only imagine there was probably only one cook in the back.
But the food came out nice and hot, so we didn't mind the wait.
It was well worth it.
The price on the items was very decently priced.
And I love the menu because it was simple, wasn't over burden with 60 options.
I believe most of the items was under 12, so not too bad.
The place is on the smaller end like I stated before, but they do offer both indoor & outdoor seating.
It was well kept up, no dirty tables.
Very clean bathrooms.
I really like the mural of a street in Paris on the wall.
The entire place had a lot of character.
It's located in a shopping center, so lots of parking.
I just yelped it and went to GPS, right off of Cotton in Surprise.
Can't miss it.
Overall I really like this place.
Would recommend this place to anyone.
The food was great, the service was good even with them being short handed.
Nice quite place to have lunch or a early dinner.

Heard about this place actually right down the street from my house.
Well I'm upset it took so long to finally go because it was amazing French cuisine at its finest.
I hope they do not grow into a large establishment because it is perfecto.

Gourmet quality food in a little strip mall setting.
Not a lot of tables, and they are usually filled!
Pricey, but worth it.
Probably among the Top 3 restaurants within 50 miles.
Compares with the best in Phoenix.

I don't normally understand the hype around burgers - you've had one you've had them all - that is until I had their speciality Cabernet Burger.
It's a 1/2 pound beef patty flavored with cabernet wine, topped with swiss cheese, bacon jam, caramelized onions and onion aioli served with some of the most phenomenal french fries I have had in some time!
The paninis were insane as well, crispy and really flavorful!
Service was great - drinks were never empty and waiters were friendly.
The decor is cute and french themed.
Worth checking out if you are in the area!

Really enjoyed the blueberry bread pudding.
My husband and I shared the meatloaf and he really liked it.
I can't fairly give my opinion as I'm not much of a meat eater.
A couple things to note: The menu changes so call ahead.
It is small ...
Smaller than my bedroom, so go in expecting such.
The staff was friendly and helpful.
I look forward to trying the breakfast.

This was a fabulous restaurant!
We went there for their brunch on Sunday.
There were 3 of us and we each ordered different things and shared.
I got the Eggs Benedict.
OMG it was so delicious!
The egg was cooked perfectly.
The ham was phenomenal.
The English Muffin was toasted just right and all of this was drowned in the most amazing hollandaise sauce I've ever had.
We also had the waffle that was very nice and we also had the fresh baked croissants with tiny pearls of cold butter.
YUM!
The breakfast bread pudding was sweet, sticky, and tasty!
We also had the beignets (can you tell we love carbs?!
) that were a bit heavy but went very well with the coffee.
I wish I lived in AZ so we could go here all the time but alas we do not.

My parents come here all the time so when I was there to visit, we had to pay a visit.
Great menu although a little misleading - the soup of the day was corn chowder with green chilies however the menu felt more French than Southwestern.
Service was great - above and beyond even though they claimed they didn't have our reservation written down.
Duck Confit was amazing, very traditional served with lentils, crispy skin and so delicious.
I hope that one day they have a stand alone space or larger space.
Using the bathroom is a bit awkward as the door opens right into the dining room.

Outstanding.
Solid practiced technique.
house made product.
Excellent ingredients.
I had the lamb Panini and cream of artichoke soup.
Obviously that these Chefs are well trained and understand how a simple approach makes the best food.
The severs were friendly but a little slow.
I would return.

I had a 11-person brunch reservation today at this restaurant.
They were a little late in getting us seated, but once we were the service was stellar!
I had the smoked salmon eggs Benedict and it was delicious.
Everyone else in my party also raved about their food.
They came out every few minutes to make sure we were okay.
They chilled the champagne I brought with me (gotta love BYOB), and you can't leave here without trying the bread pudding.
We will definitely be going back.
Nice to see the town of Surprise open up a local eatery with fantastic service and food.
Who needs a chain restaurant when you have this place to go?

Great little bistro, we each ordered the Cabernet Burger, not all burgers are created equal!
Treat yourself.
Outdoor seating was nice and very quiet and very relaxing.

This has got to be one of my favorite places.
I've had the meat loaf sandwich no less than 5 times and combined with the salad make it the perfect lunch.
I highly recommend this place and you will not be disappointed.

I've been here quite a few times for dinner and once for lunch.
The proteins are always fresh and very good quality.
I never had anything under or over cooked here.
Amuse Bouche is one of the very few places that actually bakes you your own bread for dinner.
The bread was HOT and nice and crusty but I do note did lack salt this time.
We decided to try the Risotto Cakes.
I tasted the Fennel Cilantro Aioli and didn't think I'd like it on Risotto Cakes but I was pleasantly surprised that it added the right layers of flavors to the very well made risotto cakes.
They were interesting.
They were offering a larger dinner menu than from my previous visits and were offering seven very different dinners of different proteins.
I liked that my server informed me that they were flexible with the dinners meaning I could swap things around if something didn't suit me.
I tried the Barramundi.
The Fish tasted amazingly fresh and was simple but perfection.
The Crayfish Fondue was very well made but I thought the braised spinach seemed very average.
Nothing was wrong with it I guess it's just me not being a big fan of baby spinach.
My husband tried the Smoked Pork Chop with Savory Apple Bread Pudding in a Cider Reduction also with Spinach.
He said it was also prepared perfect.
The Pork Chop was juicy and tender.
He liked the smoke to it and the sauce was very well made.
He also enjoyed the Savory Apple Bread Pudding.
It was very hard to turn down their delicious dessert of Bread pudding that I tasted at the "Flavors of the West Food Festival" It truly might have been the best bread pudding I ever tried but I thought I had enough bread today so I went with their amazing Pot de Creme.
The sophisticated grown up chocolate pudding is topped with fresh just whipped up REAL whipped Cream.
For certain it's among the best desserts you can get anywhere.
Amuse Bouche is a very tiny B.Y.O.B.
if you plan to come here you absolutely need to make a reservation.
They charge $3 a person Cork fee .
4.5 stars

Enjoyed lunch recently at Amuse Bouche with my good friend and littlest guy.
I enjoyed the beet and goat cheese salad while she had one of the paninis of the day.
I was a little disappointed that the best they could offer for little people is a grilled cheese sandwich.
Not that I'm looking for a whole litany of options and I understand that the point of this little bistro is that it's supposed to be a bit upscale, but if you're open for lunch in Surprise, a family-centered community, adding some kid friendly options might not be soooo bad and could help put butts in the seats during the weekday.
I found the service to be nice but they were a little snooty when we first arrived and eyeballed my son.
I thought overall service was slow considering what we ordered and the grilled cheese came out cold.
It was not busy at all so not sure about the delay.
The salad was just ok.
The panini was just ok. Having patio dining was nice though.
The wait staff warmed up when they saw how well behaved my boy was but first impressions are hard to take back.
After reading such rave reviews on Yelp about this place, I honestly felt it fell short from a lunch perspective.
I may considering trying again at dinner, sans children, and really get a little more in-depth with the menu options.
So for now, my review is that Amuse Bouche is just ok when it comes to a lunch time spot in Surprise.

Slow and not customer-focused service.
Took 20 min to bring the salads (there were only 4 people on the floor at the time and we actually reserved our seats!).
If you are not too hungry they will charge you $3 to split the order :-(

Wonderful atmosphere!
Great service!
The food is freshly prepared,  including freshly made pasta,  I had the special " Fettuccine Alfredo" with a generous portion of shrimp!!!
Awesome!!

I ordered the eggs Benedict as a takeout order.
They wait and assemble it fresh when you get there so it doesn't get all smooshy...it was excellent!
I'm excited to go there again and try more menu items.
The beignets looked delicious!

