The best bagels I've had in a while (next to Panera's and Noah's Bagels back home).
This place reminded me of Panera, but not as fancy.
I had their Spinach and Bacon Egg Panini (without the bacon!
), and it was delicious!
Breakfast is served all day, so don't worry about ordering eggs for lunch or dinner!
For breakfast, they serve bagels, egg sandwiches, Lox, Egg Paninis, Egg Wraps, and yogurt parfaits.
For lunch, they make different sandwiches (grilled or not), wraps, pizza bagels, bagel dogs, salads, soups.
Their lunch comes with a side of your choice and a pickle.
For dessert, they serve strudels, twists, cookies, muffins, pound cakes, marshmallow krispies, blended drinks, and hot drinks like coffee, hot chocolate and tea.
A great place to get breakfast!

The best bagels to be had on this side of the country.
I miss the NY Bagels that I grew up with, but these will suffice until someone can smuggle me some from home.
I get the Good Grains Bagel.
Their coffee is pretty darn good too.
The service, ehhh....

I ate at the branch across from UNLV.
The bagels are nice and chewy, but not too heavy.
They aren't REAL bagels, but they won't make you gag, either.
They offer a lot of nasty goyishe cup flavor bagels, too.
I wouldn't eat those if you paid me.
The prices were kind of high for what you get, and the food is very mainstream-trendy.
It's the kind of place I go when I'm simply hungry and don't want to think about what I would like to eat.
Einstein's is living down (or up) to my expectations--it's consistently "okay", nothing too wild when I decide I want a bagel and a cup of coffee before my first class in the morning.
My most recent visit moved the rating down.
The bulk of the staff was in the back having some kind of "motivational" meeting (the kind with chanting and cheering and all that nonsense).
In the mean time, the lunch rush had just started, the few people still working out front were completely overwhelmed, the soda machine was broken, but not every person working taking orders or cashiering was aware of/dealing with it in any way, and everything was basically a mess.
For inflated prices, mediocre food, long lines and general chaos, I can stay on the UNLV side of Maryland Parkway, and at least not risk being hit in a crosswalk.

Ham, swiss, and cheese sandwich on a 6 cheese bagel with jalapeno shmear..... fjdksl;fjdklsjfkdlsjfkdsa off the hook, son.
Noah's doesn't make it better than this place.

Love Einstein Bagels, and was very happy to see this location pop up close to home.
You regular Einstein here; neat and tidy.
Service was good and the quality of the fresh made bagels is the best in town.

they close so freaking early!
their brewed coffee is good!
I think it's actually better than starbucks!
truly!
I always am served by friendly ppl and am always satisfied with my usual jalapeno bagel with honey butter.
yum.
I've also had sandwiches and breakfast sandwiches and those are also very good.
its clean, and their is plenty of seating..   i like this location and actually plan to hit the one on rainbow tomorrow.. we'll see how that goes.

After waiting over 15 minutes in line for 2 plain bagels(not toasted, just taken out of the bin) in a bag and an empty cup to fill at the soda fountain I walked out.
All the employees were too busy figuring out why they were not off yet, etc and flinging food they burned away to pay attention to the one poor cashier who was trying to run the coffee refills, fix messed up orders and help people pay.
With the Farmer's Market drawing people in, this Einstein's needs to step it up or people will go elsewhere..

A good selection of bagels.
Their smear of lite cream cheese, as are their prices, is more than I like.

Always nice service and GREAT endless cups of coffee.
I love Vanilla Hazelnut.
They get 4 stars because they often run out of that kind, as well as half and half.
Perhaps put extra of both up there.. and I will give you 5 stars..

When a restaurant royally screws up, I find it comforting when they sincerely try to make it right.
But what happens when that's all a restaurant ever does?
How can you survive as a business when apologizing is a way of life?
I love a bagel on a Saturday morning and this location is only 10-15 mins from my house.
I was thrilled to first try it.
First time was great so I was hooked.
Second time was awful, so they told us they'd give us a discount next time.
Third time was pretty good.
Fourth time, no dice.
I started to learn what times to not visit.
Actually, I learned to never visit after 11am.
Let's just say when it IS good, the best thing about this location is the people.
The manager is so nice and not afraid to jump right into the line (as on a Saturday morning he's needed constantly) and save the youngsters from chaos.
They just need to learn to order more product for the weekends.
They sell out of things halfway through the day...and often.
After so many weeks of that, maybe the buyer would take some notes.
Great location though.
If it's cloudy outside and I have a booth seat next to the window and a cup of coffee in my hand, it's a perfect morning.

I frequent Einstein Bagels to satisfy my appetite for a bagel.
I grew up eating breakfast in New York bagel shops.
In my opinion, they are superior to Einstein Bagels in taste, and value.
However, I now reside on the other side of the continent; where chain shops are generally my go to place for bagels.
I feel that Einstein Bagels [E.B.
] serves tasty bagel sandwiches and coffee.
Their bottomless coffee is their strongest point.
A point where E.B.
is superior to New York bagel shops.
E.B.
's prices are high.
I usually buy a cup of coffee and bagel with cream cheese.
The least expensive.
That will cost $5.
I would like to buy a BLT or lox bagel meal more than occasionally.
Their prices are too high.
for sandwiches that I am used to paying far less.
In my opinion, E.B.
would go up one star, if they included coffee in a value meal kind of deal.
This location is along the hyper busy Eastern Avenue corridor.
I've had to park slightly out of the way due to the parking lot filling up.
Return Factor: I'll probably return.

have found a bagel place to satisfy my hunger for bagels.
I love their chocolate chip bagel with regular cream cheese smear, toasted.
Usually when I visit einstein bros. bagels there always seem to be a line but the service is usually fast and they have a good teamwork how they run the line of ordering, payment, and making the food.

I was initially going to give this shop 3 stars but because of the amazing customer service, they get a 4.
I had a gift card that I have been meaning to use for quite awhile.
Came in to grab a some lunch and was greeted by a very friendly and bubbly Courtney.
Although there were only 2 people in line in front of me, and 1 person at the other end of the counter waiting to pay, she made it a point to greet everyone and apologize for any delay.
There were two other people working (making sandwiches and whatnot) however Courtney seemed to be doing most of the work.
She was taking the orders then running down to the other end of the counter to ring the customers up.
Not once did she lose her smile or friendliness.
When it was my turn to order she again apologized for the delay and was very sincere.
I generally don't review about quick places I just drop in to, but Courtneys service was outstanding and I'd go back to that location for her service alone.
The Turkey BAT was good as well.

I've been consistently going here every weekday morning for a couple of months now.
I work in an office upstairs and it's a quick & easy breakfast.
Food is pretty good, prices are pretty fair for a bagel place.
Food is alright, why the 3 stars you ask?
Their customer service.
They always seem to smile with grit teeth.
Also, I have ordered the SAME thing every day, yet EVERY DAY I get my bagel made a different way or they seem confused by my order.
It is usually the same people working so I don't know why this perplexes them?
They have yet to even attempt to remember my name, which you give each time you order.
These may seem picky but consistency and remembering regulars is part of building up a good clientele base.
I am about to bring in my own toaster oven so I can have a bagel with melted cheese without putting up a fight.
That's really what I ask for.
Same bagel.
Same cheese.
Same everything.
Too hard to remember?

Someone must read the Yelp reviews!
Went in today, there was a line as always, they call "Jenni, the usual?
" Yep!
So before I could blink my food was done.
Given I have HOT pink hair, I am pretty noticable but am SO happy by the change.
I hope it lasts.
I notice they acknowledged other regulars the same way.
A+ I will update if this doesn't last!

As of recent I have been going to Einstein Bros Bagels rather than Brooklyn Bagel that's literally across the street from my place for their Salmon Lox on Asiago.
Which at any other time, I would be pleased with the speedy service and toasted Lox.
This time, I came for breakfast had a white chocolate mocha coffee, and bacon egg cheddar on of course my fave, Asiago bagel.
White chocolate mocha coffee honestly tasted better than the Starbucks version.
It wasn't too sweet and didn't make me stomach feel funny like how some Starbucks drinks make me feel.
I took my order to go, so that I can make it back in time for a 12 hour overnight shift and of course there service was speedy like any other visit.
But once I got to my shift, I was sadden that their service was tooo speedy they forgot my bacon and added cream cheese!
Oh shucks.
The bagel tasted soggy from the loads of cream cheese.
It tasted like cheese overload.. Asiago bagel, a zillion layers of cream cheese and a slice of cheddar cheese -____- omg.
When I make my own bagel sandwich at home..
I'm perfectly fine with ONE layer of cream cheese.

I went there after lunch time, so it wasn't busy.
The little boy behind the counter took my order and had me waiting by the cashwrap for over 15 minutes!
Finally I sat down and 10 minutes later I told him to cancel my order, he looked dumbfounded, and I walked out.

It seems like ever since they became part of Noah's this loction has gone downhill.
On multiple occasions I have seen dead roaches in front of the food case.
I have advised the staff and the were not very prompt to clean it up.
I understand this is Las Vegas and they are everywhere but at least make an effort to clean them up.
I visited yesterday and noticed there was a mechanic's canvas bag placed right on the food prep cutting board next to wear they were preparing my food.
This is a bag that is also placed on the floor.
Yuck.
When I brought it to the staffs attention they said they would clean it, but just seeing it 6 inches away from where they were making the food was gross.

This place is a joke.
Below is my order:  Cheese bagel Turkey Mushrooms Asparagus  Swiss  Avocado Cream cheese  My husbands: Jalapeño bagel Turkey Ham Bacon Avocado Swiss Jalapeño spread  I ended up getting no cream cheese, bacon lettuce and tomatoes...
I hate lettuce and bacon.
My husband got no ham, no spread, no bacon and a chili bagel...  We had walked in and requested a jalapeño bagel.
They said yes but it will be 6 minutes.
We were fine with that.
We Placed our order and rang out then they tell us they won't make the jalapeño bagel but will give us the chili bagel "free" AFTER WE ALREADY SWIPED OUR CARD.
Then they saw that we were slightly upset and told us that they would make it.
We gave them a tip as this was nice of them to recognize and come home to a chili bagel.
Service is poor, as it doesn't seem like they care about customers.
When we tipped the lady looked up, smirked and said thanks with an attitude.
The restaurant also has a funny smell.
Also, my husband was charged for the ham that they never put in his bagel.
All in all, go to the one a little further away by warm springs.
They are much better then these clowns

As a daily visitor to the competition (SB)  I tend to prefer the coffee from EB as it is somewhat   less acidic and the food selection is far greater.
Depending on your arrival time the wait can be greater sometimes as they do offer a decent selection of made to order sandwiches.
Which is yet another reason to choose them over the competition.
Remember if you are simply getting a coffee you don't need to order and wait in the line as you can go directly to the registeer :)

We always end up here for a late breakfast.
It is a little on the pricey side and hard to feed my daughter, but she ends up eating fruit anyway.
Overall I like this place.
I always get the spinach egg sandwich on a plain bagel.
It's a $5 bagel sandwich which hurts the wallet.
I think the best thing about this place is the coffee.
I am huge Dunkin Donuts fan but I think their coffee tastes better.
This Einstein is always packed, which I have always found weird.
At least there is always a table.
Watch out how you order because I always want to give my card to the girl that takes my order but you have to keep going down the line to pay.
This is definitely a good place to check out.
Cheers!

While we are not NYC by any means and do not have bagel shops on ever corner, of the few we do have, Einstein's hits the sport every time.
Just by the shear number of checkin's alone I guess that defaults me to having to click the 4 star, Yay!
I'm a fan, for this yelp review.
But in all reality, they win because the competition just isn't very good.
Here they have the best smears/spreads and an excellent variety of bagels to choose from.
Their staff are generally always friendly and they are generally pretty quick in terms of getting your food to you.
My main gripe with them is the price for sandwiches which taste sub-par at best, so I just stick with the toasted bagels with smear.

The service is great and speedy.
I've been impressed with how clean the restaurant is, and the quality of food is outstanding.

First time to this location and its one thing after another..cashier was awesome so when you walk in it seems a simple bagel stop will go smoothly.
Ordering was a breeze and people seemed nice...then the long wait because there was a huge party.
Understandable.
But a simple request for a coffee lid was brushed off and my friend was ignored and had to ask two people.
The first girl just rushed by and whispered "I don't know.
" Second guy explained they were out and the manager was trying to get some at another location.
Perfectly understandable and props to the manager going out of their way to get stocked!
Seeing that there are people sipping from lidless cups you would think the servers would have common sense to be careful when maneuvering around -- nope.
One knocked our table spilling my friend's coffee and barely even noticing -- no apology.
We understand they were overwhelmed by this large party but there's other customers to be served that simply wanted a quick bite.
Probably never stopping by here again.

Vegas is almost devoid of bagel joints.
We travelled 15 miles to this one.
It is far from the best Einstein's we have eaten at but is the only one we found that offers lox on a toasted bagel.
Every other Einstein's serves a pickle slice with it but not here.
I have no gripe on the price, with the price of lox being what it is, but it was served on a dirty tray with a piece of paper between the food and the gunk.
It was 10 degrees too cold to be confortable (most were eating outside where it was warmer).
I have no high praise for this place but the food was OK and it is one of the few games in town.
Would I go back?
No, I just found out there is one on sunset that is closer.
I will try it next time I feel the need for lox and bagels

The bagels are GOOD ...but, IT'S a DIRTY, MESSY , perhaps NOT Well-Managed store.
The order was paid for @ 10:55 a.m., and the store was relatively full but NO "line" of people waiting to order.
There were 5 people working ...ONLY one (1) staff member was preparing bagels and the order-to-prep-to-serve time was close to 10 minutes.
The restaurant was quite messy (more than usual) and the trash bin was overflowing with the cabinet door open ...and the trash bin was overflowing inside the cabinet as well ...the dining area was really quite messy with dirty tables, as well.
We go to this store out of convenience and have noted that it's been messy and not very well maintained when we've visited.
On a previous visit, we walked up to the order area where 2 employees were engaged in talking with each other (one on each side of the counter).
They continued talking with each other, without acknowledging my presence, until I asked "is someone interested in serving a customer?
", at which time ANOTHER employee came up to take my order, as the 2 employees moved down the counter about 3 feet.
In my opinion, TRAINING is in order ...perhaps corrective measures, as well.
NOTE to others...  EINSTEIN Bros and  NOAH's have always been affiliated.

My regular.
spot for my breakfast.
I usually get cheese.
Spinach.
Bacon.egg with asiago bagel.
Its sooooo good.
Its good for quick breakfast.
And I love their bluberry ceamcheese.with chcolate chilp bagel.
Their bagel are so soft..yum

Always clean quick and delicious.

Today was our second visit at this location, chris had the lox on everything bagel, salmon smear on everything bagel and I had the asiago bagel with salmon smear.
We ordered the 3 of them toasted but the everything bagel with salmon smear wasnt toasted.
Also we ordered to eat here but our food came out in to go paper bag instead.
However, everything was very good exept for that little non toasted mistake.
I do love their coffee and appreciate the free refill.
They also have doggie bagel treat by the cashier and my 4 dogs love them!
I also ordered 13 bagels and 2 tub of smear to go for the house but they were out of everything bagel at 8am... weird.
I also asked the bagels to be pre sliced only and not fully sliced so they would stay fresh until tomorrow morning but the kid working there said they could only slice them open completely, the kid seemed confused...
So I ordered them non sliced and my girls will have to slice them themselves which is a bit un practical.
I will come back to this location because their food and coffee is truly delicious but will ask someone with more experience about that pre slicing issue.

Asked for salmon cream cheese got plain; asked for a blueberry muffin, got banana, and told them we were eating there and got it to go.
Rediculous.

First off, I was waiting on the side where it said order here!
And if the cashier would have been paying attention I would have been helped sooner than some other people, because she was helping people at the other end, geezzzzzzzzzz!
I ordered the Cuban.
it was ok!
I've ordered this before, and I thought I liked it.
I'm not in a hurry to go back there, maybe just for the bagels!
Only because my husband likes them.
I like the ones better at Smiths, with the pepperoni on it.

Worst Einstein's I've been to.
Every employee I talk to was rude (or at least just bad customer service).
The bagel they gave me barely had and cream cheese on it, one slice of lox, and one slice of a tomato that only covered about a quarter of the bagel.
Then I went to go ask for more and she told me, "that is how the bagel is, you can ask for more when you order.

Worst place ever.
I never write reviews but I just had to share.
Every time we come here, literally several occasions, our order is wrong.
My wife asked to add turkey sausage to her sandwich and they forgot, again.
They constantly make mistakes.
The place is always dirty, and most if the the staff is rude.
I continue to give them chances, but today is the last.
I will not be returning.

Much better location than the one on Sunset in Henderson.
I pass the Sunset location to come to the Eastern Ave local because they have MUCH better service and restaurant.

The morning manager dude is awesome.
He handles my last minute catering orders without being rude.
The staff is friendly, even though it's a chain-type place, they recognize me when I come in...always a good feeling.

We shared a toasted cinnamon raisin bagel with a smear of cream cheese.
The morning was beautiful so we dined al fresco and met a distant relative of our dog who was lounging on a chair nearby.

Great food but.......staff is horrible....9 out of 10 times wrong order or just make order wrong.
The manager is super unprofessional.......poor staff and service...find another location to enjoy bagels the way they are supposed to be enjoyed...this location is the worst managed in Vegas in my opinion!

I give it 4 stars for coffee,refills,friendly service,tasty bagels.
Wes always welcomes me by name.
He is a real asset greeting regulars by name, He also keeps tables clean.
The new tall guy manager gets the job done and cares.
I took away a star because of NO outlet for charging laptop.
Also Wifi is spotty.

Jeremy and the crew have excellent customer service!
The dining room manager Wes is the most personable host I have ever met.
Make sure u meet the both if them on your next visit.
I always feel like a friend when I come here.
As for the food, it is consistently plentiful.
The coffee is always hot.

The customer service was great, but as a vegan my options were limited.
That's anywhere I go though.
The bagels are vegan, which is great!!
I went with the veg out sandwich and instead of the cream cheese got hummus.
Also, got a specialty coffee with soy.
My fiancé was disappointed with his chicken because is was undercooked and chewy.
Otherwise I've been a customer of this chain  for years and love their breads!

I really wish there was a 0 star option.
I work next door in the building on the second floor and when I first started I would go to this place every so often.
For the past couple of months I've started to hate it so much more with every visit.
The staff is so rude and I've noticed a new girl there with dark hair makes me want to rip my hair because of how mean she is for no reason.
I generally order the same items every visit: Thintastic Club with a side potato salad.
Well, the past couple times I've been here they always get something wrong.
This item usually comes with a thin wheat bagel but the last I came here they gave me a plain white thin one and it tasted like Wonder bread.
On top of that, they hardly put anyyy veggie shmear that I ordered so it was sooo dry.
They also used to give nice pieces of bacon but this last time they gave me bacon bits and a little bit at that.
I was so furious.
I would've asked them to fix my order but I know that wouldn't help because I've done it before and they got it wrong again.
I will never return to this location and do not recommend anyone to come here.

Came here once and I wasn't satisfied... decided to give it another try and there was no progression.
I'll start with the service and make it short and sweet.
It wasn't really great.
Employees weren't helpful and was told I was ordering on the wrong side.
My bagel came out quick but it didn't matter brcause the quality was just undesirable.
In my opinion, food was way too salty and overpriced.

Too bad there is on zero ratings.
Actually they owe stars.
Service is poor at best.
Quality ?
What they do not know about quality speaks volumes about the lack of it.
Professor Einstein is turning over in his grave.
Should be named The Three Stooges screw up everything connected with bagels.
While The Bagel Cafe is located 30 from me it's well worth the drive and then some.
I'm from NYC and they meet or exceed everything about a NYC Jewish deli.
30 different bagels,  smoked fish, bakery to kill for.
All with 6 star service.
The only down side don't go from noon to 2pm on weekend and holidays.

Unclean, unfriendly- yummy Sandwhich- thintastic asparagus eggwhite on thin everything bagel toasted.
What would it be like to receive 5 Star service in Las Vegas?
How great would this be?

Rude service.
Very unpleasant order takers.
Plus bagels are Just as bad as eating doughnuts.

This place is terrible.
There were three employees working and I was the second and last person in line.
They took over 15 minutes to make my bagel!
They messed the two orders ahead of me up and they had been waiting over 20 minutes.
The place was full of pissed off people and the staff seemed totally incompetent.

