The Locker Room is a great place to check out some local queer bands or just enjoy happy hour with your friends.
It is also one of the few lesbian bars that accepts credit cards.
We always have a great time at The Locker Room.

I try.
And I try.
And I try.
I want to like it here.
When I first started visiting, it was Nasty Habits (Nasty's).
It had a diverse, friendly crowd.
I struck up a lot of conversations with random people there.
Then it was T.N.T.
Pretty much the same scene.
Friendly bartenders, good stuff on TV.
Cool, laid back people at the bar.
You could pump the jukebox full of money and have a pretty decent time.
Then, around the time of the transition to the Locker Room, it started slipping.
The crowds got thinner.
Those who were there were rather cliquish.
After a few visits to the nearly empty bar, I stopped going.
I'd check back every couple of months.
But, disappointed by the boring karaoke or whatever other sad entertainment was going on, I'd leave after a few minutes.
Granted, my girlfriend and I are early birds.
We roll in after dinner, have a few drinks, then, if nothing's going on, take off by 10pm or so.
Maybe it gets hopping later?
ANYWAY, all this means it would have gotten 1-2 stars from me.
However, my experience this past weekend elevated its status somewhat.
Some friends and myself really wanted to catch the Mercury playoff game (away), and searched all over town to find where it was playing.
We ended up at the Locker Room, where they kindly cut off the music, and turned all the TVs onto the game.
As usual, there was only a handful of people.
Again, it was a little early.
Those who were there where there mostly for the game too, which was cool.
To make it even sweeter, there was a 2-for-1 happy hour going on until 9pm.
But really, the cherry on top for me, was the bartender.
Not the first bartender, who handed me a Stella Artois when I asked for an Amstel Light.
I'm talking about the second bartender (I wish I had gotten her name!
), who made me a Delilah, the proper way.
I just told her the ingredients, and she asked how it was prepared, and what it was served in.
She cheerfully and deftly put it together, and handed it over with a smile.
To me, that kind of bartending is next to godliness.
UPDATE: We went back last weekend, and found it is no longer The Locker Room, but a place called Ice Picks.
It seems to be a video bar aimed mostly at gay men, though there was a fair share of women there too.
The decor was a bit more unified, and the monitors were strangely hypnotic.
Oh, and they take plastic now too!

2-4-1 -- that's all you need to know!
2-4-1's every day, 4-8pm, and they don't mess around.
I have gone here three times in the past week to get my drink on.
Does that make me an alkie?
Maybe.
But anyway, you may remember that this is the former location of the Locker Room.
These guys have done a fantastic job of classing up the decor.
It's nice.
Not cold and pretentious nice, but comfy and clean nice.
The old wooden bar has been replaced with a dark grey granite slab.
The dart boards are gone.
Now in that area, there are now some low, angular couches for conversation and looking pretty.
You'll also notice LOADS of flat panel TVs.
Well, duh.
It's a video bar!
Sure, you've got the usual bizarre euro techno videos playing.
Thankfully there are clips of TV shows and movies interspersed.
For instance, on comedy night, you're likely to see some bits from Will & Grace, SNL, and MadTV.
Musicals night will have parts of The Sound of Music and Grease.
They've also added drag bingo on Mondays.
It starts when 2-4-1's end, but they are replaced new drink specials.
Plus, if you wear a big hat, you get dollar shots.
Sometimes they offer them to you anyway, hat or not!
Of course, the bingo is fun too.
$5 gets you 4 cards which you can re-use each round.
Some prizes are a little lame, but others are pretty cool!
The night I was there, the grand prize was tickets to see Eartha Kitt.
I could pass on that.
But I heard another time it was a trip to Rocky Point for Pride.
The more I go, the more I like Ice Pics.
I guess because it's good for a person like me, who doesn't like to dance or schmooze.
I like to drink and laugh.
Ice Pics delivers on both counts.

Seriously, I'm not gay, except that one time, and those other couple times.
Total dive, which is what is great about it.

Why does every les bar have to change and be taken over by Men?
Bummer, major bummer.
Maybe I'm going the wrong nights.
I hope so, I liked kicking ass at darts, but it is no fun with the boys....
They take cards though which seems to be rare for a les bar these days.

A couple of dear friends told the BF and me that Icepics has a great show tune happy hour on Sunday afternoons.
It was a Friday evening and we had started off with happy hour at Amsterdam, so they suggested we move the party over to Icepics to check it out.
There were about 12 guys in the bar and they descended upon the eight of us like we were the fresh meat in a prison cell.
To say that the crowd was overly friendly would be a complete understatement.
The decor is pretty much non-existent and this place is way too brightly lit.
Frankly, some soft lighting would do the Icepics crowd a world of good.
I suppose the cheap drinks provide some "beer goggles.
"    We stayed for one drink and got out of there because we weren't looking for such an aggressive/creepy crowd.
One trip may have been enough for me to this dive.

I'm disappointed at the loss of lesbo vibe, but the new vibe is more cheerful.
Drink specials are sweet.
I prefer to come here alone, but maybe I should just stop bringing straight people.
The bartender is funny, which is rare these days.

Not too shabby of a place.
The bartenders were great and very friendly.
They poured a good drink and the y always were available even when it go more crowded.
This bar is never packed, but it does draw a good crowd on Thursdays and the weekend.
If you're looking to pick up a guy, this isn't the place for you.
But, if your looking for a good place to go out and meet-up with friends, this is a good place.
I think if they did a bit more promotion, they'd get more of a crowd.
Still, this is a pretty good bar and I would recommend it to someone looking for something different.
They bill themselves as a video bar which is misleading.
Not many TV screens and the set up isn't good for a video bar.
I gave this place 4 stars because it's got potential and for the 3 times I have been there...it's been fun.

Seriously?
Next door to Red Devil?
Ok, I suppose I was reading into the name of this bar a tad too literally but I honestly I had been expecting icicles, maybe some burly bear-types, maybe some faux fur loin cloth action.
Clearly, it's not that kind of place.
Actually, I don't know why it is called ICEpics.
It should be called Ass Pics due to the slideshow of cheeks rolling on the screens between videos.
The only ice I saw graced the neck of the gorgeous host of Thursday night's regular Best Ass contest.
She was a beautiful man, and I really wished Ru Paul had been there to sing "Gentlemen!
Start Your Engines!
"...the theme song from Drag Race.
Back to the bar...too bright?
huh?
lay off the crackpipe or keep your shades on, there is no lighting issue...maybe a touch too much neon but basically it's a dark man hole.
A SEXY man hole.
And some thought the crowd was overly friendly to the point of aggressiveness?
Well, men aren't exactly subtle in any situation but the crowd last night was great, including the bar tenders.
FRIENDLY, yes.
If you're hot, someone will probably say something.
It's all fun, what's the BFD?
Ass Contestant #1, a total sweetheart, stopped by our table to chat, the Hostess invited me and my lady friends to enter the contest, reassuring us that a penis was not required.
I appreciated that.
Then she complimented my hair and said she had a wig just like it and almost wore it that night!
I really appreciated that.
1 star off because the draft beer options were eehhh, and I only saw about four women in the bar all night.
Yeha, it was a sausage fest, but I never felt like I did not belong there.
Whatevers.
Oh, and Thursday is an underwear party, so if you're brave, take off your pants and enjoy $1 drinks!
We drank a lot (of STRONG drinks), we voted on Best Ass, we sang along with a diverse collection of music videos, frequented the nice, clean bathrooms...it was good times!
I can't wait to go again for the happy hour and Sunday showtunes.
Ass, ass, baby!
I'm a fan so far.

This bar... well, it's location, epitomizes reincarnation.
I first went here when it was Nasty Habits in the early 2000s... then it became TNT, then the Locker Room and now Ice Pics.
It isn't a landmark like Amsterdam or Charlie's, but it does draw a crowd.
It's cozy and intimate, though it is pretty dark inside.
It's much more conducive to meeting people than those aforementioned bars.
I have to really give them credit for allowing the philanthropic Grand Canyon Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence to do frequent fundraisers on bingo nights.
The bingo nights change themes frequently.
I like it for its comfort and relaxed atmosphere.

Any of you from LA?
Know the Motherload?
Well this place gives you strong drinks too!!!
and they will serve them in a tall glass if you ask.
They make the best stiff drinks in town.
I like this place cause its just a fun place to go.
I think the 5 stars goes for the drinks mostly.
hehe.

Surprise!
No seriously, I never know what to expect from Icepics.
Their seasonal "Glee" nights draw a very diverse crowd of pretty low-key people; those are my favorite.
I can usually get a group of friends to come too.
I'm not a fan of Go-Go Boy nights in general, but there is extra loathing here.
Some of the strippers are so nasty and skanky it makes me sick to my stomach.
Others are decent, but I avoid those nights.
Recently I accidently came during their underwear night.
"Clothes half-off = Drinks half-off" I didn't play that game, but there were a number of patrons who did.
There were more than just a few unpleasant views there, and I'm not just talking about the overweight elderly man who not only sported a thong, but went the next step and pulled the front of his shirt over his head to make sure everyone knew how fat he was; also, there was a barely legal display of porn on the various video screens.
It was very clear what was going on, but the parts of interest were juuuuuuust out of view.
Classy.

Wed. night karaoke, martini specials, and Robert behind the bar.
Those things make for a great night.
Ive been to a few other nights (best ass contest, meat Fridays, etc) but I like Weds the best (mind you Im a straight girl and the other nights, Im pretty sure, arent marketed for me.
;))  The drinks are great, even when youre at that "I dont care, just dont use *insert brand here* in it.
" point in the night.
Lately theyve been doing "lap dance happy hour" before karaoke.
Not so much a fan.
If I wanted to see boys running around in thongs, I'd go to a strip club.
Dear Ice Pics, Please dont become a strip club.
Thanks.

IcePics has some of the best drink specials in town, not to mention the strongest.
I'm not kidding, bring a DD.
The bartender on Tuesday nights makes me what he calls a Patron Cosmo.
OMG, yuuuuuumerz!
After three of those you'll be transported to a world where everything is wonderful and hope abounds ;)  There still are nights to avoid/support depending on the company and your dis/likes  Karaoke nights are best if you wanna hang with your straight friends.
Underwear night, best if you're a voyeur and/or exhibitionist Stripper nights best for those of you who like to pay for NSA or appreciate the skin of a stranger.
I still go here almost every week with friends for drinks and new episodes of Glee.
Good times, noodle salad (if you get that reference then you are super cool and we should be friends!

By far one of my favorite gay bars in Phoenix!
I'll be honest, I mostly make the trek from Gilbert for the occasional karaoke night, which is well worth it.
Karaoke here is amazingly fun and has a great crowd.
But I'll be honest, what really won me over is the bartender and his amazing martinis (which on Wednesdays are $4, which makes my bank account almost as happy as me!
), which are both crazy delicious and strong.
Especially his white chocolate cherry martinis.
Is it kind of divey?
Sure, but that really just adds to the charm.

Not my favorite place, dancers look like a bunch of tweeted out tweakers bar stinks like vomit always  just GROSS in the owner is a big fucking asshole, also very small parking lot.

I haven't been to many gay bars in Phoenix, so after Yelping my options, I decided on Icepics.
It looks rather unassuming on the outside, but once you walk in, the space is fairly large and the bar extends back quite a bit.
They have TONS of alcohol here and there's really no drink they can't make.
We didn't know, but it was happy hour and I was served a pretty heavy pour.
It didn't take long until I turned into my cheap-date-red-Asian-glow look.
I'd say this visit was a success.
They have a separate room they use for drag performances, and sad that I had to leave before the show started, but it looks like it would've been awesome.
The bartenders are very nice and the crowd looks diverse.
Can't wait to go back and get red again!

This place was fun.
I went here with a bunch of gal pales to watch a performance by a friend and we watched the Queens singing and dancing.
First of all they were funny so it was like a free comedy club.
Everyone was really nice, really friendly, and they may be men but they were more beautiful then me.
The area is a little sketchy and I worried my car would be broken into but over all I had a blast here!
I can't wait for my friend to come in town cause I'm going to take her here.

i came in here last tuesday with some friends, we we red the only people in the bar... it was kinda weird for a thursday night...
The bartender was really nice and fun to talk to.
The drinks were on the weak side, but I tend to like it that way.
They have video screens every where with photos of guys shuffling through, i would have much rather seen the music videos to the awesome music they were playing.

Very small, especially when this place gets packed.
The stage for the performers is very sad and should be redone, the patio is a joke and needs expanding.
The bartenders are sweet which is a plus for a bar and easy to get along with.
I do like the place just needs some attention for remodeling.

