It's been a priority to get my dog washed and cleaned.
But, something always happens and it never gets done.
So, what happens... it gets pushed aside till the next week.
Finally, I said no more.
It became a first priority for today as it was my day off.
I took my dog to the dog park and just chilled for a good hour or so there.
After she got herself all dirty and more gross than she already is, a huge sign on the corner of Durango and Spring Mountain said "Doggy Wash".
When I got closer, I noticed another sign that said, "SELF SERVICE".
At first I thought, well I could do this at home and I have shampoo and a hair dryer.
But, after the debate within myself, I got out of the car with Sophie and went inside.
There's a row of white tubs with a hoses for washing.
After setting Sophie in, and turning on the water pressure, it didn't take long for the water to turn from cold to warm.
They even have shampoo and conditioner.
Plus the towels are supplied.
After the wash and towel drying, I placed Sophie on the drying station - table with another hose that blows out air.
They supply the brushes and different scented sprays for fragrance.
The owner is super friendly and very accommodating.
It's convenient and quick too.
I think that this will really only work if you want to bond with your pet and do things with them.
But otherwise, if you're pressed for time, then this place isn't for you.
For all dog lovers, you'll like the experience.

This place is great!
After going through the frustration of TWICE visiting the only self-service dog wash on the East side of town, only to have it be closed and changing ownership (really?
a self-serve dog wash has failed at least twice in the same shopping center and people keep buying the space thinking "surely MY dog wash will be a winner!
" ??)....
Anyway, I was elated that this place was simply OPEN.
The inside is very nice, with 3 or 4 large tubs with stairs or ramps to help your dog up.
(This is useless for me, as my dog will have no part in walking to her certain doom; but for dogs not scared of baths, this is nice.
)  As is typical, they provide shampoo, conditioner, aprons, towels, and nubbly washing gloves.
This may seem trivial, but the water (while not adjustable) was a perfect temperature -- not too hot but comfortable for both dog and washer.
The real bonus for me was the super blow drying stations.
Professional grooming-style that you could raise and lower with the push of a pedal.
Plus lots of grooming supplies (shedding tools, combs brushes, nail clippers, scissors, Q tips, and even little bows for the fancy dogs!
)  They charge by the weight of the dog, ranging from $12-16.
Totally worth it for the convenience and not having to clean dog hair out of my shower.
They also sell "pupsicles" if your dog deserves a treat and lots of other gear.
The location is great for me after a hike at Red Rock Canyon when my dog is tried and extra dirty!
Will definitely be coming back.

We moved to the Summerlin area and were looking for a place to wash our dogs.
We tried a couple of other places but so far Poochy Klean is the best.
We can get our dogs washed for $10 (when you buy a discount card) and it comes with the use of shampoos, conditioners, nail clippers, ear and eye cleaners, various brushes and scissors, dryers, etc and the owners are very nice and helpful too.

There are two things that I hate the most.
One is to wash my dog and the other is to wash my other dog.
specially when I find myself having to clean the tub and wash the towels and mop the floor after the whole ordeal.
One day while driving through the neighborhood I ran into poochy clean and decided to try it.
Wow!
What a difference this place makes.
I get to bring my two dirty dogs to their place wash them and leave the cleaning to them.
Not only that, they supply the towels, shampoo, brushes, dryers and other things needed for pet grooming.
As if this couldn't get any better the people that works here are very nice and helpful.
They'll answer any question that you have and even give you many dog washing tips.
And there's more!
They also have full pet grooming services which I use when my dogs go from French poodles to Jamaican.
Drop them in in the morning and they'll call you when they're ready.
And I wish that was all they had since I'm running out of ink but there's more.
Yep, they also sell dog food, toys, treats and other pet products.
So next time you need to wash your dogs and cut your dog washing time in half, take them to poochy clean.
The best dog trick you'll ever learn!

I popped into Poochy Klean with my 2 dogs before a long drive back to Los Angeles.
We were in town for a pet retail convention and my dogs were pretty nasty from driving through the desert.
There was no wait for a tub, we seemed to be the only ones in there besides for the groomer and receptionist.
The receptionist was very helpful and even brought out a more powerful blow dryer for me to use on my Bearded Collies who have a ton of hair.
The place was clean, the tools well organized, even though I brought all of my own stuff.
My only gripe, and this is true of EVERY self dog wash, the blow dryers have no horsepower and if you have a dog with more than a moderate amount of hair, you could be there all frickin day trying to get them dry.
But since she was more than willing to bring out the big gun, I won't dock any stars for that.
The owners, I believe, are dog show people, as I saw some win pictures on the shelves so that is always a plus for me.
I'll be back with my dogs next year!

I love this place so much!
I took my maltese there two times now and he always come out with a fresh clean cut.
The price is decent and your get your money worth.
The owner really nice and really care about you and your dog as a customer!
I highly recommend this groomer to any pet lover!
Groomers are very nice as well!

I love the concept of not having to wash my basset hound in my bathtub at home because his hair ends getting all over the place and clogging my tub.
I looked up places to go that let me self wash him and this one was closest.
Im glad this was the first place I went to because it was great.
The place is kept clean, the staff is really friendly and the owners are often there and are super helpful.
You pay like 12 dollars and you get to use their tub, shampoos, towels and blow driers.
Not a bad deal at all.
Other plus is they have groomers on staff so if you want a quick nail clipping for your dog they can usually do it for a small charge.

Goodness.
I am sooo sorry to give this place 1-star.
I mean, if you're gonna come here to wash the dog yourself and just need the space and materials, OK.
But do not come here to get your dog "professionally" groomed.
I usually go to Best in Show, but since they were closed I gave this place a shot, and now my dog has the WORST hair cut.
Luckily, she's still a cuite patootie.
First of all, my dog is a pomeranian and poms do not need clippers involved.
The woman meant well but she was clearly in over-her-head.
You do not shave a pomeranian who is supposed to have long hair.
They've got two layers and need to be hand cut.
This is why I go to a pro.
If i wanted to just give my dog a shave and call it a day, I would have.
She wanted to show me what she was gonna do and SHAVED my dog's head right on the spot.
She will say I OK'ed it, but I totally did not and she kept offering this easy shave method... URGH.
My biggest regret is not sticking to my gut.
Now my dog, that took nearly a year to grow out her cutie-patootie hair has to start from scratch.
To make things worse, we expected a bad haircut and felt defeated, and when we went back in, it was THE WORST hairdo my dog has ever had.
In all the west coast.
The groomer is a sweet lady, but she does not know anything about dog upkeep, my dog's butthole wasn't even cleaned and shaved around as ALL OTHER places do.
DO NOT COME HERE for professional service you will be disappointed.

a horrible place to take your dog.attendant not at all helpful.we have bad backs so this the worst place have to complain to attendant so she can bring ramp over to get dog into the tub.then shampoo and conditioner watered down.
[3 days later both dogs smelled] what a waist of time and money!
!then dryers have to pick your dogs up to and then down when finished hard on your backs and a real workout to clean and dry your dogs to last 2 or 3 days!!
this was the worst place to go and will never go back.last place took dogs to they both smelled good for 3 weeks.

Absolutely love this place!
My husband and I went for a hike through Red Rock Canyon with our dog, Captain.
Afterward, our dog was more red than white (RED rock)...so needless to say, he needed a deep cleaning, but we had just given him a haircut a month prior, so we didn't need the full service.
We looked up self-service dog washes on Yelp and found this gem.
The prices are right on point (only $5 to add a nail trim) and the whole experience is great.
They have big basin tubs that are lifted, so you don't have to bend over while you wash your pooch and they provide everything for you to bathe your pup.
They have aprons to wear so that you don't get wet and they also have some extras available for your pooch as well.
After you blow dry your fur-child, they have a wide variety of doggy colognes to choose from and all different types of brushes, depending on your dogs coat.
We loved the experience and we'll definitely be back.

This is our FAVORITE self service doggie wash.
It is super clean, they have great products to wash, comb & trim your dog ( all included in the fees, no hidden extra charges).
The groomer is a doll,  she trimmed their nails for only $5 and the dogs loved her.
Poochy lean is one of the best.

A very CLEAN operation.
Everything one needs to wash your dog - raised tubs - ramps for big dogs or for people who can't lift - shampoo - towels.
Dryers are co-ordinated with hydro-lift to fit your height.
We use this place regularly.
Worth not having to bend over tub at home - no clean up just wash - dry walk away!!

Favorite self wash place on Vegas.
Staff is nice, place is clean and fresh looking, pretty simple for self wash.
The tubs a super cute and plenty large for big dogs.
My dog is 70lbs and has plenty of room.
They provide the shampoo, conditioners, towels, brushes and driers.
So much easier than cleaning the walls and ceiling of my bathroom after washing my dog!

I love this place.
It's clean and the people there are always so nice.
Totally worth the $ to not have to clean dog hair out of my bath tub at home!

Brought our English mastiff (200lb) we were fostering in right before they closed.
The gentleman working was so helpful.
I think his name was Ben.
We will definitely be back!!
Service is everything to us.

