Staff was very helpful.
This is the fourth time we've used them over the years and they have always been knowledgeable and willing to do whatever it took to satisfy the customer.

Two years ago, got a hitch installed for a move to Connecticut.
Got moved back to AZ and needed their services again.
My electrical box went bad, but because I I got the $10 warranty in 2012, they fixed it for free.
The place is run by a bunch of normal, hard working folks.
I'll send business their way any time I get the chance.
Good people.

Excellent place for buying boxes.
They have specialty TV, wardrobe, lamp, etc boxes, and a huge selection of packing tape, blankets, peanuts and everything you might need for a move.
Very well stocked.
The lot was full of trucks, vans and all sizes of trailers - and while I didn't need anything but boxes, they looked pretty prepared to sell me on a truck (which they tried to sell me on despite me telling them I was mid move with people packing a pod for me as I checked out).
If I hadn't called ahead and spoken to an absolute boob before I got there, I'd probably give them a 4-star rating (minus one star because for chrissakes, their boxes are overpriced).
They either have the thickest guy on the planet fielding calls or he was just refusing to listen to me.
I asked three times if they had specialty boxes like wardrobe, tv, etc and if they had packing supplies and the guy assured me three times that they had "some small medium and large uns" and had no idea what I was talking about when I mentioned wardrobe and tv boxes.
And he had the nerve to "sweetie" me.
I AM A GROWN ASS WOMAN.
GROWN ASS WOMEN DON'T WANT YOU TO "SWEETIE" THEM.
If you aren't going to call my husband "sweetie" when he calls you, THEN DON'T DO IT TO ME YOU CONDESCENDING ASS.
Also - unless you're desperate like I was at the last minute, here's two tips that will save you hundreds of bucks on your move:  1.
Go to Harbor Freight on Bell and 32 Street to buy moving blankets for half of what U-Haul charges.
They're $14.99 at U-Haul and $7.99 at Harbor Freight.
Scope out the PV Mall parking lot by the Dillard's entrance.
Near the bus stop behind the parking garage, there's a big open trailer FULL of clean boxes that are put there by the smaller stores that don't have access to a baler.
I just moved a 2800 square foot house with nothing but boxes from there (plus two lamp boxes and a wardrobe box I bought in desperation) I can't say for sure that PV mall condones dumpster diving, but nobody ever bothered me about it.
Speaking of Harbor Freight - they also have those awesome vacuum bags that you can put all your soft goods in and suck out all the air.
$4.99 for a box of three versus $19.99 and $29.99 for the same bags at Bed Bath and Beyond, Target and U-Haul.
(Even with coupons at BBB, they're cheaper at Target if HF is sold out.
)  And you're welcome for that free box tip...

Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12.
As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22.
It did not arrive until 6/26.
I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location.
I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company.
Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!
Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund.
Every person directs me to call another office.
When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late.
That's how it goes.
I'm not giving you anything.
" I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case?
Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations.
UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable.
I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence.
They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.
In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car.
The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it.
They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing.
We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete!
I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late.
What a complete nightmare.
Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back.
But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth.
FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you.
Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on.
If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix.
They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.
Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT.
http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!

