A very cute replica of a French Village street without all of the dog merde, of course!
It comes complete with shopping for all sorts of items that are French influenced.
Some of my favorites include; Les Enfants, charming children's store offering children's hats, clothing and a precious selection of Madeline merchandise and Les Elements, a home and garden shop.
Hungry?
I suggest you check out La Creperie, the creperie stand adjacent to JJ's, satisfies all tastes, from the sweet tooth to the seafood lover.
There are also two very amazing patisseries: Lentre and JJ's Boulangerie.
Both remind of places I frequented in Paris when I was a college student doing a semester abroad.
JJ's is great for lunch while Lentre will probably appeal more to a nagging sweet tooth.
Bon Appetit!

Good selection of little shops here, including cafes and creperies.
Prices aren't too bad, and this is certainly more upscale than what the nearby Bally's has to offer.
JJ's slices weren't bad, and they have a 2 slice & drink combo for under $10.

Excellent job of architecture, lighting, shops to really make you feel far from the Vegas Desert.

This was real nice.
You can ride a boat from outside to inside.
Some one put alot of thought into this place.

LOL@the review that says you can ride a boat from inside to outside.
Looks like the fellow is confusing this with someplace else.
XD.
Anyways, this place is rather tacky.
Compared to a lot of the other malls on The Strip this is kind of a joke in my eyes.
Yeah, the Forum Shops is even tackier with it's fake Streets of Ancient Rome motif but at least I can take the stores in there seriously.
Most of these stores i've never even heard of and are way overpriced.
Yawn.

This is a pleasant replica of a French style village.
The architecture is not as outlandish as some of the other malls on the strip.
My wife and I were on a hunt for a sweet tooth-pleasing experience.
We found it at JJ's Boulangerie.
They sell a variety of pastries and gelato flavors.
I noticed they have sandwichs also if you want to do lunch.
FYI, the gelato was probably best price at this location.
It was $4 a scoop as opposed to 6 or 7 at the Ceasars Forum Shops.
The shops were nice and facility was clean.
It does connect the Paris to the Bally's casino floor.

Not a big fan of Paris Las Vegas, but this part of it is okay.
Several restaurants and shops are here, and there's a place to get a good Bloody Mary.
I like the French Village look of it though.

This is a rather charming attempt at a French street market with several stores and eating establishments.
We ate at the sandwhich place, the creperie, and the buffet.
We also bought drinks at the bottle shop.
And walked the rest of the establishments.
It was charming and the piano bar was one of the best we saw in Vegas.

This is one of the things Vegas is famous for and that's being fake and Le Boulevard is a good example with it's Parisan cobblestone streets and architecture of a small village makes you feel you are walking in the streets in Paris.
The lighting in the sky coordinates with outside, so if it's daytime the ceiling light gets brighter and the same with night time it would just dim down and the street lights would get brighter  Other places in Vegas with this similar setting is the Venetian in the Grand Canal Shops, the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace and the exterior of the hotel towers on the strip like New York New York, Bellagio and Monte Carlo are just some examples.

It's great to take a stroll in the indoor streets of Paris Las Vegas from the casino to your room and admire the fake blue sky and French village archiecture.

Be careful!
Just like France you will get screwed.
I bought a bag for my wife at Travel+ and she changed her mind afterward.
I took it back the next day with tags still on place.
"No return!
" Only exchange in 10 days.
I talked to the manager on the phone.
He was no help.
My credit card company said god charge gas not even shown up yet.
I was advised to dispute the charge.

Charming décor, excellent food.
The bruschetta was exceptional!
We were seated by the fireplace, very romantic.
The hostess was very friendly as was the busboy.
Our waiter, not so much.
He didn't seem to know a whole lot about the menu and once our food was served he was difficult to flag down.!
We had to ask the busboy to ask our waiter for coffee and then again for refills.
Our waiter seemed to be paying extra attention to a table of four, so we assumed they were high rollers or regulars.
We watched as other tables nearby were neglected as well.
It was a shame as the restaurant itself is wonderful, if only the service had been as well.

