If you crave English pub style fish and chips, You will find it here....
Plenty of it, and in many varieties.
They fry up cod, haddock, catfish, mahi mahi, and salmon as well as salmon or crab cakes.
I've tried the haddock.
It's very good fish, but hard to escape the gallons of oil.
They serve sausages of many types.
Saveloy and Bangers, Battered sausage on a stick.....
They have traditional side dishes, like mushy peas, bubble, cole slaw, pickled eggs and mashers.
They make scotch eggs, chicken curry, and several combination plate dinners as well.
They have pies, but not the kind of pies one would find in England.
These are the packaged "fast food" version from Australia.
They are good for mass produced pies, but not better than one would expect to pop out of the freezer.
Don't go to the Codfather for the pies.
Go for the fish and chips.
On Saturday and Sunday from 8am to noon, they serve a Full English Breakfast for $8.99.
This consists of eggs, both bacon AND sausage, either beans or a thick slice of fried tomato, bubble (the sort of veggies leftover from a roast dinner with cabbage fried up with potatoes), mushrooms, black pudding, and fried bread.
It isn't fancy...
The place is in a small strip mall and has large windows, fast food booths and tables, a TV on the side, and lots of magic market or painted posters hawking new treats or specials.
If your comfort food is something British, you will find it here.... if not, go for the fish.

Despite Sarabear's review, we came for the pie.
I went with a friend who is from New Zealand who grew up eating the pies.
It was a bit of nostalgia for her, and for that alone it gets a star.
The food was decent.
I ended up with a small cod and chips and the portion was just right.
Pair it with a beer and you've got a great lunch under $10.
The fish was nice and crispy but I felt like there wasn't a ton of fish underneath all the crunch.
I was a little disappointed in the chips, not as crispy as I would have liked and very little seasoning.
I can't comment on the beer selection as I'm not a conoissuer but they had a decent choice of bottles.
I ended up with Paulaner Hefe Weizen, friend had a Coors Light (give her a break, she's a Kiwi and that's imported for them!).
The staff was friendly and very nice.
Apparently, my friend's steak and cheese pie wasn't warm enough in the center and they took it back and gave her a brand new one to eat.
The place seemed to be a doing a steady business (lots of cops, mailmen, and construction workers) and they seemed to know the regulars who stopped by.

As good as it gets.
If you want REAL fish and chips this is the only place in the Valley that will get the job done.
It was like being back in England ... First Class Sir!

I always found the cod to be greasy.
Good but greasy.
Maybe I should try something else?

I finally found a British restaurant in the North Valley and what wonderful fish and chips.
I've eaten in other Phoenix British oriented restaurants, but the fish in this small, unique place is the best.
I went to Southend, England last fall and had fish and chips, I can honestly say, it was a perfect match to The Codfather fish, very good.
You'll want to try all their various dishes and specialty items, but be careful with the sausage rolls, they make the sausage fresh every day and you end up taking several home with you.
They have now opened their Pub, attached to the restaurant with various brands of ale and beer.
You'll find this a perfect reminder of the UK, they also have carry-out and you can order large meals to go also.
Try it, you'll really love it and don't forget the salt and malt vinegar; the non-English will probably ask for tartar sauce.

Love this place.
It was a weekly spot for me.
Weekends they serve an English Breakfast.
$9 flat rate.They offer the meal as a whole or you can a la carte it and buy elements of it.
The breakfast was tasty, always hot.
I enjoyed with a pot of hot tea with milk.
As for their namesake, the fish and chips are good.
The timing is a bit slow.
But it's always hand battered and fried to order.
The chips are not typical american thin and crispy, they are thick, a bit soggy, but delicious.
All sauces are on available upon request.
They just recently acquired their liquor license and now you can enjoy a Guiness or New Castle with lunch.
Great place for a quick bite.

I have to start with an old UK Joke.
"How did you find the steak and kidney pie?
"     "I moved a chip...
The plusses.
They have hard cider:) The chips are not those evil stringy jokes  that  pass for fast food places "or the  crisp and crunchy variants they are pretty  close to decent home made chips  but  having grown up in the uk and eating this for  3-4 years during college   ( and they wonder why Scots have the most heart disease  outside of  New Orleans:))   this is  not just like home.
This is still very much  fish and chips at the "sit down"   rather than take out level.
E.g   They are adequate but  didn't kick me back  nostalgia wise and  so far in the US I've not found decent ( aka bad:)  UK food that didn't come out of one or two suppliers  in the states and was lovingly heated to the same directions.
The steak and kidney pie, holy heck it was lame.
I'm eating offal here so you have to give me some credit for knowing when the piss is being taken.
It's not an fully enclosed pie like they would serve in the UK which is finger food meant to be consumed on the move which doesn't describe this 80% crust to filling ratio at all.
This needs a fork, and  not that big a one cos three  trawls of the pieplate was all I  got out of it.
So far the only place that has gotten remotely  close to UK pastry  is the  Cornish pastie co in Tempe.
Seriously this alone took it from 3 to 2 stars.If it cost $2 more but actually contained the advertised ingredients in identifiable lumps I'd be happier as it is less insulting  in the long run.
Nearly everyone else fakes it  and cooks a filling, then crust and marries them later  to heat.
Having ketchup in packets is just bloody annoying, not having brown sauce out  likewise.
Hint  Cross the road.
Go to the Indian grocery , to their freezer  section and get their steak and kidney pie /  steak pie /  any pie   , Go to Codfather for chips,  stick the two together.

I have been here several times now and apart from one instance, the fish n chips have always been excellent.
The secret is knowing which days the owners (Brits) are working in there, because on those days you are going to get the real deal as thought you were in England.
The bubble & squeak is also authentic and good.
The atmosphere is reminiscent of the UK, with some nice photos of the UK adorning the walls and the smells and sounds of a chippie surrounding you.
On Tuesdays they have 'open mike night' which is fine if you enjoy that kind of thing (pipes, beards and sandals anyone?).
Of course real chip shops do not sell alcohol as they don't have liquor licenses, but the British bar is a welcome addition and it means you can do the pub and chip shop all in one place!

Food was a 4 Decor was a 3 Music on Tuesday 4.5  Hey, I stopped by this authentic British Fish N Chips joint last night and was surprised that I could not find a spot near the restaurant  entrance to park at the parking lot was full and this was a small strip center on Bell road with retail and service stores that were all closed.
The place was relatively full for a Tuesday night at 7PM...more on that.
Since I felt like having authentic "Fish and Chips" the very nice lady behind the counter says "What kind of fish"?
They have traditional Cod and Halibut and Salmon and Corvina.
Plus Shrimp and Scallops and a lot more.Well in as much as I have been trying to minimize the fried foods in my life, I felt that I was down a Quart of Oil....so what the heck.
Hey I just ran the 1/2 marathon last week, so go for it.
Had a piece of cod and the scallops as well and an order of onion rings.
I must say, I was impressed with the fish and scallops.
Very crispy cod and a nice portion as well.
I had 10 scallops ($6.00) which are scallops and nothing else but for $6.00.
Pretty good.
Was not impressed with the miniscule serving of tartar sauce and it's $.25 extra per serving (about a tablespoon).
Well I must admit I like a little fish with my Tartar sauce.
Don't get me wrong, I was impressed with the flavor of the food.
I guess I just had too much oil.
Maybe that's why I did not like the onion rings as much.
They were good but by now, I reached my limit of oil.Again, fish is expensive and these portions were very nice.
Here's the biggest surprise and would have given The Codfather another 1/2 star if Yelp allowed half stars which I guess they don't.
It's open mike Tuesday and there was a pretty decent band playing.
4 pieces; Banjo, bass, 2 guitars.
After a few sets, a duet with a gal and guitar and a guy playing a mandolin were next.
Pretty good, gave the place a nice buzz, people were listening and it was an added bonus to my Tuesday meal.
Finally....Thursday night these Brits open it up to an Irish Band (Raic) and I'm going to go...for some food and music.
A very nice surprise in N. Phoenix.
They might get to 4 stars soon.
all the best

Excellent, legit British working mans food.
This place has it all.
Great atmosphere, great people, and great chow.
A fun place to eat for very little cash.
An absolute must try!

Why are there two listings on Yelp for this place?
Ever since my trip to Europe last March 2008, I get a hankering for real beer-battered fish and chips now and then.
This pairing is not complete in my mind until you serve it with a steaming hot side of mushy peas.
As it would turn out, mushy peas are hard to come by here in the desert, but I am not one to give up so easily.
(Rosie's, by the way, doesn't have this buttery little delicacy, reminiscent of Linda Blair on a particularly possessed and angry day.
) To my sheer delight, The Codfather did not disappoint!
Though just a bit mushier than I remember them being across the ocean, these mushy peas are seasoned well and have a nice buttery flavor.
There are a variety of fish on the menu for your liking.
I had the 4 oz.
portion of the traditional cod and found it to be more than enough, good flavor and good texture.
It sat atop a modest portion of soggy chips in a plastic basket lined with wax paper and was served with a small serving of tartar sauce in a clear plastic bucket with a lid (cocktail sauce was an option too).
My husband had the 7 oz.
portion of sea bass served on a plate and I did not like it as much - it was a bit too soggy throughout.
After tasting my cod, he said he wished he had ordered the same instead.
SAVING GRACES: Fun mementos throughout!
The Union Flag, a photo of the Queen, Charles and Diana, a double decker bus, a sign for Picadilly Circus...The menu!
Everything British, from Scottish Eggs to Cornish Pasties, Even the dessert is fried, so go elsewhere if you're recovering from your bypass surgery.
GRIPES: Greasy fish & chips difficult to eat in the small plastic basket - a plate would have been helpful.
Need patience to squeeze out enough ketchup from the little packets on the tables.
Being environmentally minded and too hungry to waste time tearing open 10 little ketchups, a refillable squeeze bottle would have been great.
They use them for the hot sauce instead...a little misleading.
Stingy serving of tartar sauce served with all portion sizes of fish.
Extra sauces will cost you .25 cents each.
More like a diner and less like a pub.
Imagine!
A little taste of nostalgia only 5 minutes from my house.
And at under $10, my husband is thrilled at the money we're saving now that I don't have to buy an international plane ticket in this economy.
If it's mushy peas you're looking for, you've come to the right place!
If  you can do without, hit Rosie McCaffrey's for the best fish and chips in town with the ambience of an international pub.

OI!
This is great food.
I have had several types of fish here, the cornish pastie, the bangers and mash ( excellent!
), Scotch Eggs, and the English Breakfast, which is sadly, no longer with us.
The owners are Brits, and they explained that there were no fish n chip shops in Phoenix, so I, for one, am very glad they opened this place.
A fine selection of beers and british treats rounds out an awesome restaurant, in fact, the only reason they don't get a 5 is the lack of English Breakfast.
I want my Blood Sausage, damnit!

This place is awesome!
It is a little pricey, but sometimes they have an all-you-can-eat fish and chips special for about $10 which is totally worth it.
The food is authentic, I haven't had fish and chips this good anywhere else in Phoenix (especially not at Pete's) the chips are cut thick, the fish is fresh and tastes hand battered, the fillets are whole.
Plenty of tartar sauce and malt vinegar too.
If you're into beer, the place has a great selection of Euro brews.
There's Soccer on the TVs, they sell all kinds of awesome Irish and Scottish and British foods, and they have some of the wildest flavors of Potato Crisps from England also.
The place is absolutely packed on Fridays, so expect a wait.
They also close a bit early, like around 8pm typically.
So plan your trip.
It's worth the trouble.

JUNE 2014: It's been a while since I've been in so I thought I would update my review --- FOR THE BETTER!
The Codfather serves AUTHENTIC British fish & chips like you would find at the village chippy in England.
Authentic texture and flavor, especially with malt vinegar and salt like you should.
I've tried everyone else in town with their quirky British names and pub atmospheres, but guess what?
Their fish n chips doesn't EVEN compare.
I had the tilapia lunch special with an extra piece of fish.
The talapia has a different texture and taste than the cod of course.
Ask for extra crispy!
Crunchy batter is what it's all about!
This would work better with the cod since it's a moister fish.
The chips are the most authentic as well.
The place has improved GREATLY since I've been there last.
You enter at the left door now at the pub area and you're seated by friendly uniformed staff.
It used to be that you order at the counter and then seat yourself.
Much more like a proper restaurant now which is a big plus.
Arrived in time last week for the second half of a World Cup game with England playing.
There was absolutely NO OTHER PLACE TO BE for the game!
Screens were everywhere.
Also the beer selection has greatly improved.
Friday and Saturday still have the all you can eat fish at $12.95 I think.
The price went up over the years but hey my original review was 2007.
We had to wait a while for our meals but that's OK they were backed up a bit.
I'm sure it will be OK when you go.
The taste and texture of the fish n chips were PERFECT.

We visited The Codfather recently, not really knowing what to expect nor really having any preconceived notions, as I hadn't looked on Yelp yet.
First impressions - I was really disappointed that there wasn't more of a pub atmosphere.
The interior is very close to being fast food, and not even as nice as some.
You order at a counter and the food is delivered to your table.
I would agree with the earlier reviewers on some things.
I ordered the large portion of the Cod fish & chips.
I thought the portion size and the fish were quite good.
The batter was crispy and not greasy.
The chips were terrible though.
They were limp, soggy and tasted as if the oil should have been changed about two weeks ago.
I also had some shrimp which were good, but not outstanding.
I too was put off by the cheap "nickel and dime" approach - $.25 for more tartar sauce????
And I didn't like the $.35 surcharge for using my debit card.
I thought for a minute I was at ARCO's fish and chips!!
So, the fish was a 4, the chips were a 1, and the decor was maybe a 3.
I have to stretch to give The Codfather a 3 overall.
We will probably keep getting the fish, but for take-out.

The Codfather is another great strip-mall find!
This one is on 16th St. &  Bell.
It's an interesting style of joint.
Seems to be part take-out, part sit-in, part pub, part mini-grocery.
You can run in and get some fish n' chips to go, or sit down and have them bring your order to you on real plates, with your ale in real pint glasses (16oz not imperial pints).
There's even some gaming in an adjoining area.
Billiards, anyone?
[More...]  The cod was excellent.
Heavy fillets battered up and fried crisp.
A little bit greasy, but I suppose if it was wrapped up in newsprint - it would be perfect.
Fries are large and fresh.
A little on the limp sde, but they sure beat the stuff fast food joints call fries.
They even make sure to give you thescrap batter chips along with the fries and fish.
That's the best part of "chips" in my opinion.
Of course malt vinegar is on the tables - you have to walk to get ketchup if you choose to do that to your fries.
Too bad we were both in the mood for cod, because we didn't bother to explore the menu, which is pretty much typical English fare.
Bangers n' mash (or squeak), sausage rolls, scotch eggs, shepherd's pie...and they offer daily specials of different fish, shrimp, scallops and other goodies.
They have happy hour too 3-6p  if you want to toss back a few pints of their awesome selection of import beers on draught or in bottle!
Even though it was almost closing time on a Sunday - the staff was congenial and helpful.
Because it was almost closing time we didn't bother to really check out the game room nor the selection of British foods, candies and trinkets available behind the bar.
We will save that for our next trip...which will be soon.
4 Stars.

This place has delicious fish and chips.
I've only gotten the halibut so far.
After the first time I went, I thought about going back all week!
I'm new to Phoenix and so far this is my favorite place to eat.

I really want to give more than three stars, because my family loves this place.
However, the food is so greasy that I got ill once.
Great British beer selection and I love the football on the telly.
Owners are very friendly.
Even took me behind the bar to show the Guinness stout dispensing apparatus.
Not suggesting the food wasn't fresh and good.
It was.
And I have eaten here four or five times so it can be only so bad.
Just watch how much you consume if  a lot of grease doesn't sit well with you.
I believe they will broil your selection and that would resolve the problem.

This place is truly a Gem among Gems...it gets The Highest Review for a few reasons: Great Food.
Very authentic English Cod and awesome Pasties!
They also have a mini English-only mart with British snacks (Smarties, Crunchies, Walkers Chips and much more) they EVEN have Barley Water if you're looking for bitterness in a bottle.
The BEST part, however, is the Bar which is NOT very big, but don't let the size and strip-mall feel deceive you, they probably have one of the best and most diverse draft beer selections in town.
On Tap is NewCastle, London Pride, & Tetley's as for others they have Smithwicks, Kilt Lifter and they're always rotating great other beers in and out.
They also have a Guinness Surger which takes pure but flat Guinness and sends an ultra-sonic pulse through the pint glass, releasing the gases in the Guinness beer, which then settles into a smooth velvet pint with a creamy head.
In my opinion BETTER than Guinness draft, you MUST try one!
They have a very cool Tuesday Open-Mic Night and other nightly specials.
It's inexpensive, with a friendly staff and not too far off the 51 or the 101...All around a 5/5!

Unlike other fish 'n chips places in the city, this one offers other British fare as well: bangers and mash, bubble and squeak, and more (see the menu board pic I posted).
I ordered the small cod and small order of fries, plus a crab cake.
The fries were cut a bit thicker than you would find at most fast food places (this does have the look of a fast food joint, except for the bar area).
I had anticipated mediocre fries at most, having previously read some of the reviews here, but  the batch I got was quite good; crispy outside, moist and tender within.
The same description could be applied to the fish - except that the battered cod was swimming in oil, and the fries were not.
The crab cake was a good size - about the size of the palm of a hand - and just as thick, had lots of crab meat but also quite a bit of surimi (imitation crab) as an extender.
That was OK, it still tasted good and I like surimi.
Like the fish, though, it was drenched in oil.
I'm thinking of coming back to try the other fare, or even the fish and crab cake again - they're tasty and not expensive.
I just need to take the precaution of letting a paper napkin soak up much of the oil first.

Will make this short and sweet - nice peeps, ok food.
I have been on a seafood kick and I really wanted fish and chips.
I happened to be on that side of town and saw this as I was driving past, remembering reading a review on  yelp a while back...tires screeching, I did my infamous U-Turn that's made hubcaps on my old '67 Mustang roll off onto the side of the road...luckily I now drive a car that doesn't lose hubcaps so easily.
;)  Stopped in and got fish & chips and some water.
The water was good.
:D  The fish and chips were ok. People have complained about the greasiness, but I'll be honest...if the fish and chips aren't greasy, I get worried.
When I lived in the UK, fish and chips were always greasy.
The fish was nice - I got cod...I'd love to give their other stuff a shot when I am on that side of town again.
I'd also like to bring along hubby since he's a discerning Brit.
He can drink the beer and tell me if it's good or not.

I am really stuck in the middle here with Codfathers.
Part of me loves this place.
They have football on the telly, marmite, and tons of good beers.
The other part of me hates it because of the greasy food and the STRANGE clam chowder.
I just don't know what to do.
I order the mahi and chips.
The fries were really boring and cold.
The fish was decent but really wasn't cooked all the way through.
I also ordered a bowl of clam chowder.
I was expecting something like Ivars and got some runny cioppino-like stew.
It was really bad until I salted the hell out of it.
Then, it got strangely addictive and I couldn't stop eating it.
Really weird.
I'd like to come back here but I don't think it's going to happen.
I'm sure my wife hated it.

I'm really disappointed that I have to write such a poor review for this place.
I'm not a big fan of fish, but I love it when it's all fried up and served with fries, so I wasn't worried about coming here.
When we walked in, I was a little confused at the setup, but it kind of grew on me.
It was very clearly a mom and pop style place, and I can definitely appreciate that.
The decor was pretty awful, but endearing at the same time.
I'm not sure why they were trying to cover up their wood tabletops with awful cheap tablecloths, but to each their own.
I also liked their impressive selection of British foodstuffs.
I wasn't too hungry, so I ordered the smaller portion of the cod and chips.
I really liked that they gave you the option to order a little less.
Maybe I was under the wrong impression that this should be a faster service restaurant because you order at a counter and pay at the counter, but our food took forever to get out to us.
The unfortunate things was seeing the cook put our fries onto our plate well before the fish made it.
That left us with lukewarm fries.
The fries, well, they sucked.
They weren't the crispy kind and they weren't salted at all.
The fish, I hate to say it, was disgusting.
It was over-battered and wasn't cooked long enough.
That left me with a nasty mess of mush all over my fish.
I had to scrape it all of to be edible.
Since this place calls themselves the Codfather, and I wasn't pleased with what is supposedly their specialty, I certainly don't see myself coming back.

Been back several times.
Still great.
Exploring "English fare" is tricky.
Some of it is definitely an acquired taste, I'm sure.
But Fish n chips are always good.
Staff always friendly.
They have Aero Bars.
That alone is worth the trip if u ask me.

Cool place I'm not English but I do like the fish and chips.
I agree with some of the other reviewers the frys are just stock off the truck frys nothing special.
I would recommended it for lunch, you can get in and out pretty quick and its a good change of pace from the normal burger joint

bought a 8 dollar bottle of lucozade a british soda that was flat and out of date had sausage that also tasted funny not good

I tried, I really did.
I tried to like this place.
I've never been to England, and I'm afraid to go if the food is like this.
My sixth (or so ) visit to the Codfather was on Saturday for lunch.
I had the large cod plate.
As always, the food was way too oily.
It really tastes the fish and chips were coeked in too old oil, at too low of a temperature.
The breading on the fish is too thick and should use something, maybe even salt, to give some flavor.

Great fish & chips...
Very very pricey for what u get!
Unless you go on friday... but the Halibut is crazy expensive... One piece for 11 bucks...
???
Yeah....

Loved it.
It's a mom-and-pop sort of place, but the fish and chips were delicious, and the prices were very reasonable.
Had the cod and a banana fritter for dessert.
Great stuff.

Really enjoyed this family restaurant experience.
Great fish fried crispy on the outside.
Great beer selection.
Perhaps too much footy on the telly though.
While I could not find a fish and chip shop  in  the UK while I was there  I can count on the Codfather when I return to Phoenix.

Divey kind of place for authentic standard English pub fare.
Has my favorite English ciders and ales, which are hard to find in the desert.
Fries are the homemade type, but not overly greasy.
Fish is good, we had a fish and chips plate for $8.90 and were offered a couple of shrimp for a $1 more.. THAT didnt impress.
The shrimps were ''shrimpy'', as in tiny and not tasty.
Also shared the standard pub bangers and mash.
Very good and like I had in London.
The ambience, umm , not pubby.
The bar, not great..
BUT its what you want when you want it.
Staff was awesome, maybe a bit slow, (the lady ordered after us got the same thing and got her order about 10 min before we did).. Again, its a place for your yang for English fare and brew..

I was super stoked to find out that they had swordfish & chips!!
great little restaurant!
Lots of English ales and pub favorites!

So I've gone here a few times in the past, but after my last experience...NEVER AGAIN!
What a jerk the owner is!
Since I would go in once in a while for the haddock and chips I figured I'd get their restaurants.com coupon where it is $10 off.
I go in with my girlfriend and show the coupon.
Immediately there is a problem.
I have used restaurant.com coupons dozens of times and there has never been an issue.
The manager talks to me and explains they don't allow the coupn on any items on the specials list and a bunch of other things they won't accept it on, limiting my selection to about three items.
None of which I like/want.
It doesn't say anything on the coupon about this and then the owner (the British dude) comes over and angrily expresses that they never wanted to be on that site and they are not honoring the coupon anymore.
I made the point in a calm manner that I've been a loyal customer and he says he doesn't care and won't accept the coupon.
Why not?
It is out there.
I purchased it.
Nothing on there says it is limited to certain items.
$10 is $10.
If he accepted it I would have spent plenty of money on that visit, plus future visits.
Never again will I give them my money.
I don't support jerks whose food is just average at best anyway.
Might be the only place to get haddock, but it isn't worth it.
PS-It isn't the only place to get Haddock in Phoenix.
Wanna know where?
Message me and I'll tell you.

I just had the fish and chips to go.
Both tasted like they'd been fried in month-old grease.
Maybe I shouldn't have gotten it to go because by the time I got it home the fish was soggy.
The chips were obviously of the frozen Ore-Ida' prepackaged, card board type.
The smell was very unpleasant.
This was actually two step below Long John's.

Truly authentic English fish and chips - I was back in England two weeks ago, had Fish N Chips three times and The Codfather was better than two of them...
I LOVE the English breakfast they do at the weekend (but don't open until 10:00) as well as the homemade pies, pasties and sausage rolls... they also have an English store section in there for various English goodies and frozen food as well as a great bar section with a wide range of English / European beers both draft and bottled.
Well worth a visit!

Fantastic fish, shrimp, chicken strips.
A little grease never hurt anyone, right ?
I go once a month.
It's always a great experience.

Used Resturant.com to try this place and it is the reason I stopped by.
Had a $10 coupon, had to get regular items to total before we could use it on the special or alcohol, not a big deal as I understand they need to make money to stay in business.
(unlike other people whining here)  It's in a strip mall, but inside its a nice place, love the ambiance.
The food was outstanding.
Garlic Onion Rings, melt in your mouth good.
Also had the Calamari and Cod and Sea Bass.
Enough food for a lunch repeat the next day.
Yes, the food would kill you if you did it everyday, but for a treat it is great.
The authentic foods were cool.
I'll probably be back the next time I get a craving.
The Onion Rings were that good.

I decided to give this place a try.
We had a coupon so why not?
I ordered the fried cod and chips and my husband ordered the mahi mahi.
We a few shrimp and some onion rings as well.
The decor is simple.
The place felt a bit warm inside, but it was clean.
They have an all u can eat fish fry on fridays.
I just got the large cod and chips plate.
It came with 2 meaty, crispy pieces of fish and I did not care for the chips.
But then, I am not a french fry gal anyway.
The fish was not greasy and perfectly battered.
The tartar sauce is ok. a bit on the sweet side.
My husband really enjoyed his mahi mahi with cocktail sauce.
I thought the cocktail needed more of a kick, but it was fine.
I LOVE the garlic onion rings.
It is a must if you go.
Every table had a order of them so i figured they must be good and ordered them.
I am glad we did!
The dipping sauce is tasty too!
If your in the area for some decent grub.
Stop in.
The service is friendly and the gal at the counter was helpful if you had any questions.
They also serve curry,pasties,sweets and much more.

We decided to give this place a try, this is very average to us but you might think different fish left an Itch in both our mouths....and we thought we might get sick but didn't, It was OK but not great from what we had,..I think if you are looking for British groceries this is fine...maybe the other foods they offer are better?....I don't know...we just wanted to try....but they were crowded....maybe they are normally better   As a slight update I think we had itchy throats from all the oil in the air....we aren't used to that...the air was itchy and we kept coughing.
The fried fish was tasty...we had cod and Maui Maui (the Maui Maui was sort of fishy tasting the cod was better) his fries were hot and fresh mine were old and cold.
Thankx Guys!

Wow!!
Delicious.
We got the mahi mahi fish & chips & can I just say wow!
Super natural sweet fish taste where you could eat it without anything added.
The potato crisps are delicious & so are there are chips!

Definitely the very best fish and chips in the valley.
Mark and Ruth truly make you feel at home, great atmosphere

Fish is very good and the chips are good if you don't get them to go.
The bar area has a good selection of beers on tap (Kronenbourg being my favorite) The staff are friendly and the prices reasonable.
As other reviewers have said - the decor is simple, and does remind me of Fish and Chip Shops back in England (I am an ex-pat) The grocery section has a decent selection and you can find some decent imported English foods

I thought there was too much oil left on the fish.
I joking tell friends it's like getting a quart of oil with your dinner.
I've tried them a few times now and I just can't deal with all the oil.
I even talked to the manager.
I asked if the oil wasn't hot enough or what...
I didn't get a satisfactory answer.
I give up on this place.
Try Oscar's Pier 83 instead; it's worth the drive.

Wow, I came on here to send a link about this place to a friend and was surprised to see so many neg reviews.
My family moved over here from Yorkshire, in the UK, when I was a kid and has been on the look out for good fish and chips ever since!
The Codfather is the first place in 25 years that passed muster.
My folks drive miles all the way from the East Valley to go to this place and I drive up from central Phoenix to join them.
Yorkshire could be considered the epicenter of the fish and chip addicted Brit and even gets riffed on for it.
The couple that own this place imported their fryer equipment and alot of their ingredients from the UK - they even have haddock on the menu which you NEVER see anywhere out here (haddock is a flaky north atlantic white fish that is superior to cod - do not get cod if you can have haddock instead).
As I read the neg reviews I realize most of them appear to be reviewing the type of food vs. the restaurant.
Its like giving a bad review to an Indian restaurant if you don't like Indian food - not cool.
Yes, its a hole in the wall and the owner is a no-nonsense Londoner, and yes, NEWSFLASH: fried food is greasy!
But these are the best authentic British fish and chips you will get.
If you don't like that type of food, don't slam a (small, hard working, family run) restaurant thats doing a really good job at it.
Some educational tidbits for the uninitiated:  1.They serve chips not fries - chips are soft not crisp 2.
Ask for/try HP sauce with it - thats what many Brits prefer over ketchup 3.
Don't get it to go if you can avoid it- the heat of the food in the container continues to steam the food and its not as good (or the batter as crisp) when you get it home 4.
In the Northern UK you primarily get haddock, in the south its mostly cod, which is greasier - try haddock if you've never had it.
The reason vinegar is typically applied to fish and chips is to cut the grease - give it a whirl

We eat here a lot, and love the food!
No matter how busy the place is, the service is good and the staff is friendly.
Try the all you can eat cod on the weekends...you'll be busting at the seams when you leave!

Great value.
Excellent cod.
Pretty good mahimahi.

My wife was in a mood for fish & chips, and with the closing of Chuy's (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-_LMicC814) we haven't had a good place for a fish fry.
I searched for Fish & Chips on Yelp and found The Codfather.
I went to England on business last year and I was struck by how British restaurant this place looks.
It was clean but well-worn in a kind of homey way.
Looking past the decor, I noticed the wide-ranging collection of ales and stouts from all over the UK.
I asked what beers were on tap and the girl started with Boddington's.
She didn't get any further.
If you haven't tried one, do it.
I went in planning on fish and chips, but then I saw bangers and mash (sausage and mashed potatoes with onion gravy) on the menu.
Wife ordered the cod and chips.
When our orders arrived, wife found the cod flaky and well battered, but a bit greasy.
The bangers and mash were flavorful, but heavy on the salt.
I'd have liked the potatoes better if they had lumps -- I suspect they were instant.
We'll probably go back, sometime but Wife is still missing her favorite fish at Chuy's.

Just ate there for lunch today and it was... decent.
The Cod was pretty good, but the fries were awful.
I had better Fish & Chips at TGI Friday's last week.
Truth.

They no longer carry Guinness Draught.
It has been replaced with Murphy's Irish Stout ($3/pint by the way).
If ordering on the restaurant side, the cashiers are always underage, so they can never advise you on specialty beers available.
Not a huge deal - but if you are stopping in for a pint, it's probably easier to sit on the bar side.
I also wish this place offered table service rather than ordering at the counter.
Again, another reason to sit at the bar, I suppose.
Fish n chips still good!

The fish and chips were decent, but my husband's shepherd's pie was literally a frozen TV dinner that they'd microwaved - in a black plastic dish and everything.
(Also, the vinegar was definitely watered down.
I could barely taste it even after saturating the fish.

Before I say anything, I want to give the proprietors of this business mad props on the name.
Although they don't make an offer that I can't refuse, the name alone is tempting enough to give the place a try even though fried fish isn't really my thing.
It's fish and chips.
Greasy, oily, fried fish and french fries.
If that's what you're looking for, then this is the place for you.
If you're looking for some sort of classy cuisine because it's british, then Codfather is the wrong joint for you.
My girlfriend and her parents are from across the pond, and they love this little strip mall fast-food spot.
They say its the closet fish and chips in the valley to England.
I've never been to Europe, so I wouldn't know.
They're also big fans of the minimart Codfather has set up by the register.
It has a bunch of foods imported from the UK that you can't find anywhere else.
Codfather has a nice little variety of fish to bread and fry.
There's also a decent menu of british meals and fast-food meats.
A good selection of imported beer also makes for a nice dining experience.
On the night we dined at Codfather, they were hosting some sort of poker tournament.
I didn't ask what the deal was, but it looked like a lot of fun.
And if you didn't know it was a british restaurant just based on the menu, there's plenty of flags and soccer (oh, sorry, I guess that's football in here) on the TV.

So my guy and I tried this place tonight.
We loved the name and the smell coming out of the kitchen was amazing!
I really recommend the garlic rings for the amazing flavor.
The food was made fresh so we waited a bit and that was cool with us but the amount of grease contained in the fish and chips and the onion rings was a bit overwhelming.
Fish had a nice flavor but that batter just sucks up waaaaaay too much oil from the fryer.
So it was fun to try it out but we probably won't be back.

All right,  Get off your shagging, high horse, forget your  fast food, expect some (much needed abuse from Mark And Ruth (the owners) and stuff your face with the best fish and chips in the valley (coming from a "Brit" take it as Gospel) Poker night, a bar, bands, a British shop with all the yummy, very bad for you chocolate, crisps, sausage, meat pies, and all the other things that are sooooooo bad for us but oh, my god, taste...sooooooo good.
Go here, forget your 60's and just enjoy the family run business that never fails to deliver.

The fish they use is high quality, you can see and taste it but that is about it for positive comments.
We went on the 1st Friday of Lent and the place was packed.
We saw a 2 top table at the bar so we grabbed it.
The table was greasy and dirty, complete with a dollop of tartar sauce smack dab in the middle.
The miserable bartender sluggishly came over and took our order.
I guess we had to run a tab since we were sitting in the bar area bc she took our credit card when we ordered.
No big deal except she when she brought it back she slapped it down right on top of the tartar sauce spill left on the center of the table.
She either didn't notice or didn't care that the table was filthy bc she never wiped it down for us and she was so ornery looking we were afraid to ask her to do it for us.
We were not in a crazy hurry to eat but the people around us were getting restless.
Apparently, some of them had been waiting for over an hour for their order.
Now, I try to be as understanding as possible but seriously?
It doesn't take that long to fry fish.
The nasty bartender just replied to the complaining customers that the kitchen got slammed with orders and it was taking a long time.
No apology just an excuse.
Ok, I get it ,they got hit with a bunch of orders at once.
They were busy, I understand,  it was the first Friday of Lent but of course they were busy!!!!
It is a fish restaurant on the 1st Friday of Lent!
One would think that the owners would have planned their staffing a bit differently.
We got our food and the bf loved his but mine was cold.
On the way to the bathroom, I nearly slid to my death on a smashed french fry  or "chip" because none of the staff bothered to pick it or any of the other trash up off the floor.
The bathroom is locked and you have to get a key (on a hanger) from the cashier.
What kind of legit restaurant locks their bathroom like a gas station?
The place is disgusting, the service is terrible, and the food is inconsistent.
I don't think we'll be making a follow up trip to the Codfather.

I think John's 10/25/11 review is the most helpful, and so I can only share some of my observations.
I think this place would be really cool if it were retro-60's British fish & chips, the sort of place Austin Powers would have gone to.
*Contemporary* British is a huge problem for me if it means huge banners of Prince William or Harry or Whoever It Is & What's-Her-Name and God Save The Queen coffee mugs with the queen on it.
Huge turn-off for me.
I'm just glad they (England) got the 2012 Olympics because that will inevitably make for a more pleasant dining experience.
I don't like LJS's fast-food "fish" at all.
I did like The Codfather's fish & chips here, tastes much better.
I also liked that their silverware (even at lunch) is some damn fine china - especially for a "fish and chips" place.
I do think The Codfather would work better as a "bar" bar ONLY, or a fish & chips place ONLY, because there does seem to be a weird disconnect depending upon where you sit.
The whole Sports-Game-on-TV-That-Doesn't-Match-The-Sound-(Music)-You-Hear thing that's common in a lot of places.
Based upon my experience and observations, I don't think The Codfather deserves so many negative reviews.
Just doesn't describe The Codfather I went to.
Service: Acceptable/Good  Prices: Reasonable Environment: Will be better once the Olympics happen

Newly decorated, awesome beer and cider line up and Fish and Chips.
How can you go wrong?
This is by far some of the best fish and chips I have had in the valley, hands down.
I am exposed to every fish fry and pizza joint in the valley as my husband is working through them all and I really like The CodFather.
I have tried the Fish and Chips and the onion rings here.
I was not disappointed, the tarter sauce is tangy, the fish is hot and fresh.
The batter is awesome.
Have a pint of strongbow cider.
Do it.
It goes great with the meal.
I also think its really cool that they have a little store with all sorts of items from across the pond.
Stuff you really wouldn't be exposed to here in America.
I dig it.
Protip: They are closed on Mondays.

Of all the places that I've eaten Fish and Chip in the USA this is by far the best.
The building and actual restaurant was disappointingly American looking despite the picture of the Queen and other UK inspired decoration.
I wasn't that hopeful for the quality of the Fish and Chips.
Order was taken by an obvious Brit so my exceptions raised a bit.
When the food came it looked just like you'd get in good old blighty.
Portion size was good.
The fish came as it should in one piece with the batter lovely and crispy and the fish wonderfully moist and flaky.
Chips were proper chunky chips not those horrible 'fries'   If I had one criticism of the place I'd say it was the decoration... its too 'Rule Britannia' maybe thats what Americans want/like but I think it would look better if they made it a bit more like a UK chippy i.e 'Cool Britannia'  Anyway this place is now in my address book for future visits!

Decent fish and chips- the all you can eat version was a pretty good deal.
My biggest issue is that I like for the breading to stay ON my fish.
It was a bit on the bland and oily side even after I doused it in malt vinegar.
Is British malt vinegar less potent than the US version?
The tartar sauce did taste homemade though.
Overall this is probably the second or third best fish and chips I've had in the valley.
Love the Lego table for the kids to play at!

so sadly mediocre i had to just take one star off.
The food left me feeling disgusting afterwards.
Most fried foods do, but you know when there is more batter than fish, and oil than batter that your food isn't going to be good.
If i could go back in time i would have walked next door and gone to Spinatos nuff said.
there really isnt any type of PR at all going on.
Infact you have to initiate everything.
Go up to the counter and say what you want.
Don't wait to be asked, don't ask what they like cause they wont really respond...but maybe they were giving me an honest answer cause i certainly didn't like anything here.

Love this place.
The fish and chips are crispy and good.
Love the Cornish pasty too.
The bangers and mash really fill one up--I had to try the mushy peas and LOVED 'em!!
The little grocery in the restaurant has lots of Brit staples too.
Good beer selection.
I'm glad they recently remodeled.
The owners are very nice too.Next time I will try the Scotch eggs...

I enjoy good fish and chips once in a while, so was looking forward to it.
As several others have noted, the batter was bland, too thick, too oily and didn't stay on the fish.
My husband enjoyed the Shepherd's pie.
I would give it another try, but not impressed.

Yuck.
Grease infested grossness.
Really bad.

I made the long haul out from east Mesa specifically for the market.
Market is a really strong word for the little corner of product they had.
They did have a few interesting things that I had been looking forward to trying.
Unfortunately, a lot - and I mean a lot - of the items were out of date!
The Heinz Salad Cream had an expiry of January 26, and my visit was on February 23!
So...nope.
There were a few flavors of Walker's crisps, but they were also all expired.
Not by as much as the salad cream, so I did buy two packets thinking at least stale crisps won't give me food poisoning.
I'll just stick to Internet ordering, I suppose.
With so many of the "market" food items out of date, there is just no way I would ever try the restaurant side.
I'm sad that it was so disappointing.

Went here for lunch today with a couple of friends.
They seem to be big fans of this place.
2 of us ordered cod and chips and one ordered tilapia (he was not very pleased with the tilapia and vowed to stay with cod in the future)  They brought a bowl of complimentary potato chips to the table.
I didn't time it but it seemed to me that it took a little too long for our order to come out.
I didn't think the food was particularly tasty, but the tartar sauce made it better, I also asked for some lemon I also think the food needed some salt, which may be good for those limiting their salt intake.
We asked for split checks and that was OK (nice of places suitable for lunch to be flexible with split checks), and  I almost missed to notice our server charged me for a drink when I had only water.
They fixed it but it took a little while (probably over 5 minutes)  I won't probably come here on my own but if I the guys want to come over for lunch again, I will be back.
Oh, for beer fans, they seem to have a very good variety (about 60)

I know the English's reputation for bland food.
If you were raised on English (read: BLAND) food, then this may be right up your alley.
For someone who appreciates things with flavor, The Codfather did not impress.
Like the prior reviewer's experience, there was a lot of grease and/or sogginess.
The "chips" were inedible.
Such a foul, bitter taste.
Why?!
They're french fries!
And NO air conditioning??
It was SO hot in there.
The beer was ok.
The owner was friendly; that is why I gave 2 stars.
But we will not be back.
Too many other tasteful options in this town.

This review is for the British grocery/snack section.
It's just a small assortment of candies, chips, condiments, etc, tucked into a corner near the register, but I was happy to find some favorites.
I got some Tango apple soda, which I love.
I also picked up a bottle of HP sauce for cheaper than it costs at my local grocery store's international section.
They have a few frozen items supplied by Cameron's British Foods like sausages and meat pies.
It was slightly cheaper for me to purchase those from the Codfather than directly from the mail order company, so that was nice too.
I'll be back now and then whenever I'm craving another Tango or other British snack.
Haven't eaten in the restaurant, so can't comment on that.

Delicious!!
Service was friendly and food was great.
I had cod and chips!
Superb!

Love fish and chips - just not here.
The fish was cooked nicely but totally under seasoned.
My biggest complaint is the watered down vinegar.
If you are going to serve Sarsons in a Sarson container then it should be authentic and original.

I had a hankering for some fish and chips and this place hit the spot.
We went early around 3:30 and not a soul was inside.
I was a bit concerned about this but we ordered the Cod fish and chips, as they had an assortment of fish to select from, and we ordered some onion rings.
The onion rings were amazing!
They had this seasoning that they could have battered everything in and I would have been A-Ok.
The fish and chips were also very decent quality.
They have a small European food market type of thing and some interesting menu items if you are into English food like bangers and mash.
The staff was polite and attentive.
I'm sure ill be back the next craving i get.

I was born & raised in New England, Moved to the San Francisco Bay Area, visited the UK  and later lived on Maui ,Hawaii so I know good fish & chips.
I can speak with some authority when I say here in Phoenix good fish & chips is hard to find.
The good news is The Codfather Fish and chips is the way it was meant to be made.
A large crispy coating, and fries deep fried to perfection.
If you are looking for this classic dish, you will not find a better place than the Codfather.
GIANT piece of fried fish and it was delicious.
Crispy, soft, juicy, flavourful, perfect with a little vinegar.
Amazingly delicious.
the chips were golden, fluffy, crispy on the outside but not so much that they can't absorb a generous amount of malt vinegar.
For the price, could you really ask for more  My wife & I ordered the cod, which was a HUGE portion and a side of large chips.
The cod was breaded and cooked to a perfectly crispy and crunchy consistency, while still maintaining the moist fish.
FOOD: I ordered the cod, which was a HUGE portion and a side of large chips.
The cod was breaded and cooked to a perfectly crispy and crunchy consistency, while still maintaining the moist fish.
I can say that the fish was fresh and the oil that it was cooked in was clean.
The fish was fresh as it didn't taste fishy.
The fries were lightly fried and it didn't taste too oily which was a good thing.
The The chips were delicious !
PRICE: For the price, could you really ask for more.CONCLUSION:  Grab that malt vinegar and pour it on, because this fish and chip stop is the one to enjoy.

Roy 'The Hungry Englishman'  For those of you who are in a rush then my 'Five Star' rating says it all, this place is the best and importantly the most AUTHENTIC 'Chippy' that I have yet to find in the US.
However as is usual with my reviews I feel a little more in-depth comments are warranted so if you feel so inclined here you go.
As you have likely guessed from my moniker I am English born and bred, although  I must say it is my very good fortune to now call this wonderful country my home.
To the surprise of my (American) wife I don't get homesick at all but it is true to say that I do occasionally crave the odd bite or two that I grew up on, fish and chips included.
To this end my ever thoughtful wife has always been keen to find me an 'authentic' fish & chip restaurant as we travel this great country and I can say that finally we found one at the Codfather in Phoenix Arizona of all places.
I have tried so called 'authentic' British fish & chips all over the country and although most have been a very pleasant meal 'authentic' they were certainly not.
For one thing if you mention 'mushy peas' they look at you rather strangely whereas this is likely one of the most common sides you can get at every single 'chippy' in good old Blighty.
And don't get me started on the battered fish (or lack there of)....aside from the batter being wrong so called 'authentic' British fish & chip restaurants here in the US are under the misguided illusion that two 'finger' sized portions of fish is the thing to offer, when anyone who has ever eaten the real thing knows that one always gets a large filet of fish (usually hanging over the edge of your plate).
Anyway enough of my ranting on about all the places that are getting it wrong and let me chat about the ONLY place I have yet found that is getting it totally RIGHT..namely the Codfather.
What can I say.....FINALLY...a real Chippy..!
The place is very unpretentious but pleasant and comfortable, I think the lady owner is British as I heard an accent in the background and sadly the opportunity to introduce myself didn't arise (perhaps next time, cuz you know I'm going back).
I ordered my standby old favorite (fish, chips & mushy peas) and I was not disappointed, everything was just like I grew up on, totally authentic, so much so I over stuffed a little and couldn't eat for the rest of the day.
The 'chippy' also has a little British grocery section in, so I took advantage and stocked up on a few goodies.
It is also worth pointing out that the price for the meal was very reasonable indeed.
This I found very pleasing as growing up in a poor neighborhood with not much money as a kid, fish & chips was always a cheap meal  (hence the phrase 'cheap as chips').
Perhaps Americans won't find the real British fish & chips to their taste and that's okay but if you really do want to experience the real thing then this is the place to go.
Whenever my wife and I travel down to Phoenix (about every six weeks) we are going to make it a priority to have our lunch at the Codfather.
I would like to say a sincere 'well done' to the proprietors for a great experience and creating a genuine bit of Britain here in the US.
Happy eating, Roy

OMG, simple (wish it had any level of ambiance) But fantastic Fish and Chips.
Great neighborhood quality ole brit style.
Just roll in newspaper and I'm across the pond.

We go here once every few months.
The beer is great and they have a good selection.
The decor seems to struggle to find itself, but if the food is really good, who cares what it looks like.
They have added table service, which was not so great, but the beer was good, so......
Always get the cod fish and chips.
It all seems to cost more than it should, but I don't mind if I am supporting a local business.
The only thing I will remember is to face away from the kitchen space, because you can see everything they are doing in there, it's a bit unnerving and I don't care for having to ask for a key to the restroom.

This place was great!
Our host was super nice and the restaurant was very clean.
It's not very big, but the food was great.
We ordered the Scotch egg to start, delicious.
The cod and chips was great.
We will definitely come back and recommend The Codfather.

Awesome fish n chips and it stood up to some places we ate at in San Diego.
If you want some greasy fish and chips look no further!

we have been driving by this place for years but just stopped in for the first time.
Wow we really should have come sooner.
This place is great.
everything we ordered exceeded my expectations.
The menu is much bigger then I expected too.
Come here you will like it.

great!!!
great!!!!
great!!!
the best cod on the planet...

Great mini grocery for imported English canned and jarred goods, but the food is bland, tasteless MEH!
--great selection of beers on tap --happy hour drink specials until 7pm --fun little mini grocery for your english junk food favorites and jarred Hayward and Coleman's products.
--no-frills, drop-ceiling triple-wide strip-mall joint.
No apologies, just solid English food...
But the food is BLAND.
Tasteless, flavorless, boring MEH.
There is a gigantic salt shaker nearby and you're going to need it!!
## shepherd's pie arrives in black rectangular plastic bin, straight from the microwave.
Sent straight back.
Come on!
Is English food supposed to be so uninteresting?
Give me a seasoned and panko-dusted piece of any fish, any day of the week over this meh crap.
What a shame.

We hit this place on a Saturday night around 8p.
There is a restaurant side and a bar side that is divided in a very awkward way.
Plus in the restaurant, it looks like it is counter service, but it was sit down service.
I actually don't have a preference between the two  as long as the food is good.
We have all had subpar food from a sit down place and great food for a counter place.
My only point in bringing this up is that the whole layout of the place is just weird.
It could really use a makeover.
Now getting to the food-I went with a small fried haddock, chips (i.e.
Fries), and mushy peas.
It has been a few years since I have been to England or Ireland so I can't make a good comparison as to what you would get over there.
But I can say that I really enjoyed the food I got.
The fish was nice and meaty, the batter was tasty, and the malt vinegar at the table had a nice zing to it that seems to be missing from the regular grocery store malt vinegar you can get here.
My old lady had the beef sheppards pie.
Ironically, I thought the sheppards pie looked very nice, but tasted average, while the presentation on my fish and chips was not good but it tasted very nice.
I would have liked for the fish to come in a basket, lined with paper, that sort of thing.
Just to make it look like something they are proud to serve (which they absolutely should be-again, it was very good).
With it being on a plate, it just kind of comes off as "look-here's your damn fish".
One other thing-the small portion is really a perfect size as the large is huge.
Even though it was all fried food, I didn't feel like I was overloaded and would have my stomach angry at me.
They scored big points with me by having Murphy's on tap here, and it tasted great.
For those of you not in the know, Murphy's is to the city of Cork, Ireland what Guinness is to the rest of Ireland.
No, I can't say which is better because I have never tasted them side by side.
But you can get Guinness on tap in a million places, and I have never seen Murphy's on tap outside of Ireland.
They do have the area of items you can buy.
Many of them you could probably find in World Market, but I imagine not everything.
To sum up, I think they have the main things correct in the fish, chips and Murphy's.
It would be great if they made some cosmetic changes to the restaurant and the presentation of the food.
This place is nowhere close to where we live, but I am sure we will be back.

This place has some potential.
They could update the inside a little bit more, have the servers explain a little bit more about the food types and flavors (get into the food more for newbies)  and it would be much better.
Got the steak and kidney pie here (never tried it before since I heard it can taste like pee) but it was really good - no weird or off flavors at all.
It was delicious with the onion gravy, but the mashed potatoes were luke-warm and just so-so.
The kid's options were really limited with sausages, shrimp, fish and chicken strips as the only options.
I don't know any kids who would like these choices other than the chicken strips, which were greasy and not very good.
I asked if they had hamburgers, but they didn't.
Unfortunately the ranch was very odd tasting.
I guess the Britts don't understand the American icon that is buttermilk ranch dressing that you can get at any U.S restaurant.
It also seemed a little awkward in that they expected you to know what all the food flavors and types were rather than getting into it and promoting their unique type of food.
We bought some snacks from the British store but all in all it was just okay not sure if we will be back.
Servers need to get excited about their unique food.

Sonny: What the hell is this?
Clemenza: It's a Sicilian message.
It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.
The Codfather does not sleep with the fishes, but rather eats them, as my bumpersticker proudly boasts.
Chippy + Corner Shoppe.
Jelly Babies and Full English.
Ta.
We were driving around Phoenix and confronted by a billboard that boasted the best cod and chips this side of East End.
One does not expect that in Phoenix, but the Codfather does not disappoint.
This is the stuff.
Up the Codfather!

I've been here 4 times before they had full-service & now with the friendly service staff.
Each time we've been there, food has always been the best.
I can also get my Horlicks malted milk from the little but well stocked UK products corner.
Our favorite is the Haddock and Cod fish & chips.
Mushroom appetizer and the Clam Chowder.

We stopped in for dinner this weekend.
Something happened  to move the experience from pretty good to great.
The sausage roll and shepherd's pie were amazing with a perfectly done light, flaky crust.
The fish we had was perfectly done.
Still too much footie on the tellie though.

I had lunch here and we ordered the fried zucchini as an appetizer that was yummy but the cod with chips was overly greasy, the grease is still stuck to my pallet.
Sorry to say but Pete's fish and chips is better.

My first trip I would've given it a 3.
The fish and chips were good but the batter kept falling off.
But we went two more times and each time it was better.
There are plenty of types of fish to have.
The drinks were fair and tasty.
And the atmosphere is nice.
A few more trips and I may change my review to a 5.
I'm not sure if the place is just getting that much better.
Or if our first visit was a bit of an off day.

I had the cod & english fires.
...they were perfect...fucking perfect!
If the tables were a little cleaner, I would have given 5 stars.
...I will be back again & again!

My Wife and I went yesterday around 11:45 a.m. for lunch with high expectations... That was our first error...
The second was ordering food... As a teenager many many years ago I worked at a place called Bit Of England Fish and Chips in Tarzana Ca.
Well the best thing eaten yesterday were the Malt Vinegar Onions...
They were great, but that's where the greatness ENDS... We ordered the Onion Rings and my wife said,"Do you taste any onion?
I know it was there but tasteless.
The batter was light.
Then we ordered a Large order of Cod And Catfish...
The Chips(fries) were good.
The Fish had a taste, unfortunately it was a taste of grease and no fish taste.
The Catfish was a little better than the Cod.
There was a greasy film left in my mouth that was a lingering memory.
Still no one beats Pier 83 or George and the Dragon...service was good, but don't understand why they incur labor cost of a wait staff when you should be able to walk up to a counter and order.. Another 15%-18% wasted...
If service is decent or good we never penalize the wait staff for lousy food, they didn't cook it...

Been here a few times in the past.
Once when they first opened.
On my last visit the place was bigger and now serving alcohol.
Maybe that is the best way to enjoy this place to the fullest?
This is a British style restaurant with Fish and Chips the way they make it back home.
My Son-in-law is from England and he LOVES this place.
They have several popular items that you would get overseas.
Mushy Peas, Bangers / Mash / Gravy, Bubble/Bangers/Beans and many others.
Inside is decorated with everything you would expect if you were vacationing in GB.
They also have a nice market with items that you may not find in your typical grocery store.
We have had the Cod, Haddock, Jalapeno Poppers (LOL) and looking forward to possibly trying the Walleye in a future lifetime.
The food is somewhat bland tasting to my palate.
Maybe that is how they like it over there.
The fish seems a little more greasy than we would prefer and a napkin is needed to soak up the excess.
Hmmm?
Service is friendly and the dining experience and menu are worth checking out.
Would have to say that there are better places for Fish in my opinion.
But then again ... this is how they do it over in the Queen's backyard.
TALLY HO!
3 STARS

Fish had no flavor, Chips were soggy and tasted strange.
Took my order to the counter and said that is was terrible.
The young woman replied, "we don't give refunds".
She didn't offer something else or ask what was wrong.
Never going back.

Cod n fries.
Looked great but after we were done we felt like we drank a pint of grease.
Felt sick all night.

I have been looking for good english fish and chips in Phoenix.
This is my new favorite!
The fish tasted extremely fresh and actually like English style fish and chips unlike so many other pubs around the valley.
Great english beer selection!

This is my go-to place for fish & chips in Phoenix.
I wasn't sure what to expect my first visit, but their food is great!
The fish is tasty and the service is friendly.
I recommend this place to anyone looking for good English style fish & chips!

Came here with the family on Friday.
I had read the previous reviews and I was a bit apprehensive but my MIL really wanted wanted us all to have dinner here.
The area isn't great and the shopping center is older but tidy and orderly.
They have two sections inside the restaurant, one for the bar (on the left) which was quite crowded and one for the restaurant (on the right) which was even more crowded :-P  We primarily came for the fish and chips.
They have assorted fish (like haddock, cod, cat fish, shrimp, etc) for the fish and chips and you can either get two large pcs of fish with chips for about 10 bucks or the unlimited fish and chips for about 13 bucks (they obviously have other menu items than fish and chips, we just came for the fish).
Two of us got the cod, one got the haddock and one got the shrimp, all with a side of chips.
I'm one of those weird people that has to eat each dish one by one so being a carboholic, I started on the fries.
I speared two random fries on my plate, put it in my mouth and was immediately regretful.
:-/ The two fries were soaked in grease/oil.
It was nauseating and I almost called it quits with that bite but I didn't want to offend anybody by not eating so I kept on nibbling.
I'm so glad I kept going because the dish was AMAZING after that initial bite.
The fish was light and not too greasy and the fries tasted fresh (they were slightly on the soft side but I'm weird and prefer them a little soft.
) My husband had the same issue with his first bite of fries being soggy and the rest being great so all we can think is that maybe they were from the bottom of the fryer or something?
The place was PACKED by the time we got our entrees but the service was spot on.
Our waiter was attentive and was knowledgeable on the menu and he even brought out some homemade sriracha sauce for us.
My family members were all pretty happy with their dishes too :) (husband LOVED the shrimp!
)  After dinner, we went shopping in their British "mini mart" (they have a small store in the restaurant, the size of a smallish closet) which was pretty fun, got to see a fun assortment of British food products and candy.
Fun experience, we will be back!
But watch out for that first bite of fries ;-)

Wonderful dinner last night, the fish and chips are awesome.
Friday nights it's all you can eat for $10.95.
My wife liked the small British store for treats and goodies.
We definitely plan on being back.

I came here with my wife and daughter for a late lunch on the 6th.
We have been itching to get some good fish and chips and this place fit the bill.
I had been here before ages ago and remembered it as being very good.
Luckily, my memory was good.
This place was awesome!
My wife ordered the small fish and chips and I had the large, although I was tempted by the all you can eat deal they had at the time.
Our daughter had chicken strips off the kids menu.
What we learned was that the small fish and chips is not enough!
The food leaves you wanting more.
The cod was well prepared and the batter was delicious.
The fries were even good!
The chicken also looked very good.
I didn't try any but my wife ate a piece the next day when we were snacking on leftovers.
She said it was still incredibly delicious and would love to try it fresh next time.
Service was very good as well and the restrooms were the cleanest I've seen.
We can't wait to return.

My sister and brother I laws' favorite hang out - and now one of our favorite places!
The Fish N Chips are amazing, the atmosphere is great a truly friendly staff.
Looking for a simple and friendly pub with great food?
Put this on your list to check out.
You'll be glad you did!
Cheers!

Really liked it.
Good place to eat.
English style food.
Bangers and mash were really good and the the onion rings are really good too!

English is ironically an inadequate language to describe how wonderful this British pub is.
I have eaten almost everything this chippie offers and it has always been great.
The fish is outstandingly fresh, crispy, and perfectly cooked.
Even the Steak and Kidney Pie, though humble, should not be missed.
Apparently there is some kind of "football" tournament going on now that has people excited and they all rather fancy watching it here.
If kicking back a cold one while watching men kick a ball sounds like fun, then this is definitely your place.
Also, don't forget to visit their "expat shop" as I like to call it -- a section devoted to all of the tasty treats from across the pond.
I never knew the joy of a dolly mix until I found all of their sweets.

The food was suprising delicious, I'd previously heard that British food was terrible.
Anything that they fry has the best batter and the Scotch Egg w ordered was fantastic.
We definitely plan on going again and trying more of the food.

The Codfather was one of those places I wasn't expecting too much from and got way more than I expected.
I've now ate almost everything on the menu in some form or another and I have never been underwhelmed with anything I have gotten.
They have a great beer selection and a fantastic selection of fried appetizers.
The fish and chips are definitely the flagship here but don't sleep on their more traditional stuff.
The pies are great here and bangers and mash and all of the different "versions" of it on the menu are all fantastic.
If I had to recommend my favorite dishes to a newcomer here other than the obvious fish and chips platter the "banger, bubble & squeek,  and beans" and the "beef and kidney pie" are both my favorites the deep fried sausage is also one of those things where it's so good you don't care about the heart attack it's going to for sure give you.
Pros: I have ate here at least 15 times trying most if not everything on the menu and I have never had anything bad or even so-so.
Everything has been steller.
As long as you understand you are eating at a fish n chip/fried food joint and not a fancy seafood resteraunt you won't be dissapointed.
They also have a pretty great beer selection on tap.
Cons: Now even though I can promise you I have never ate something here that wasn't good if I seriously had to nit pick a con here it would have to be pricing.
I feel like EVERY dish excluding the English breakfast I pay 1 dollar too much for.
Just comparing it to similar resteraunts serving similar things this place is a little pricier than most.
It's not so overpriced that it should stop you from eating here but it does prevent me from say, eating there regularly, even though the food deserves it.
They also seem to have a difficult time keeping the beer they have on tap stocked regularly.
Every time I sit at the bar at least one beer on tap is out.
Meh.
Not a big deal but just an observation.
All in all "The Codfather" is one of those places that you not only have to try but will undoubtedly make you want to come back again and again.
The only reason it doesn't have the 5 star is that I can't walk in there and have a beer and meal and walk out spending less than 30 dollars after the tip.
A little more than I expect when going to a place like that.
But WOW they are seriously consistently great with everything they have on that menu!
Highly recommended.

