I came by here today to get my car washed after driving up to Payson... dirty with bugs and whatnot.
This place does all washes by hand so it does take a little longer than the automatic places... but I feel it was definitely worth the wait.
My car was so clean and pristine.
They do a great job and the employees are all so nice.
I will definitely be returning.

I actually came across Stewart's when looking for a place to do a full detail on my old car, but I had ruled it out for car washes when their website only listed a deluxe wash for $50.
I could wash it myself for that much...I didn't say I would, just that I could.
On my way home from the movies today, I remembered Abu J had told me about a place that does hand car washes.
I didn't even realize they were the one and the same until I went in to pay.
Not all the washes are $50.
They start at $4.99!
$4.99 for a hand wash, can you believe it?
Being the big spender I am, I splurged on the $12.99 deal which included vacuuming, windows, etc.
I really don't even know what the difference is between this wash and the $50 one, except maybe $37.
I guess the deluxe wash is more detailed?
In any case, for $12.99 I have no complaints.
Sure, there were a few water spots, but if the cheap washes are this good, I'm sure their detailing services are well worth the price, although they do seem on the high side to me.
So thanks, Abu.
My new car is new again!

Ego adveho, animadverto Stewarts tersus meus vehiculum  I started this review in Latin, because Latin was the dominant language of the day when Stewarts began the process of washing my car:)  I don't mean to be cranky about that, nor am I implying that they didn't do a good job...they did do a good job and they do a good job whenever I stop by:)  But Crikies!...They really take their time!
I stopped by recently for a car wash, got the medium....nice job!
I really don't know how they size their washes...one wash has "tire dressing"...a fancy way of saying "ArmorAll on a Rag"...another kind of "super-size me" wash has something special that they squirt on the car as it goes through the line...(I'm always suspicious of stuff that they squirt on the car...really, they could just be turning on the light and sign that says "Now Squirting Super Size Wash Stuff" and that would be all that's happening...I want to trust, but after Danny's, it's not easy:)  So it's medium size for me...I think with the medium, they are more likely to squirt the right crap on the car, plus they vacuum it all out (don't you just love to say "vacuum"...what a wonderful word!
)...clean all the windows and they dry it all off and it looks shiny and bright:)  Stewart's does a very sweet job!
And they take their sweet time doing it:)  I've probably been to every flavor of car wash in the valley, and these guys are near the top for performance, in the art of washing cars (in terms of attention to detail, not boogering up my car, not being too expensive and not trying too hard to sell me greeting cards, windshield replacements and hula girl air fresheners:)  Where they are not near the top is the length of my stay with the Stewart Family...I always hope for a shorter experience, and it always feels like I'm waiting for a pie at Bianco's...really!
I've washed, dried, vacuumed, cleaned the windows and applied ArmorAll to my own car in less time than it takes these folks...really:)  But as I get old and lazy, I'd rather watch other people do the work, and I'm happy to pay for that privilege:)  I just don't want to watch it for 45 minutes (even when it isn't even busy)  Still, you'll note that I've given Stewart's Family Car wash 4 stars (and you know I don't round up...this is no 3.5 star's and I'm feeling generous).
I do swing by here when I'm in the area and have some extra time:)  They do a nice job and thorough job, they are friendly and accommodating, and (unlike Lindstroms a few blocks away), my chances of being rounded up in a Sheriff Joe immigration sweep are pretty close to zero:-)

Great car wash at a reasonable price!
I love the fact that everything was done by hand, and it really wasn't any more than the machine washes.
Everything was as clean as the other reviews mentioned.
The wait is about the same time as other places I've been, so it was expected.
Only reason I didn't give 5 stars was being approached by the windshield guy.
It seems to be standard practice now, but boy is it annoying.

biggest complaint: they dont have a tip line when you pay with a card.
thats irritating, but if you tell the desk person before they swipe your card, they will add the amount to your card and give you cash out of the register.
thats helpful.
I have a crappy old civic but I like to keep it clean and they never treat me any differently when i ask for a good service than if i were driving a mercedes.
i appreciate that.
the inside part of their waiting room is so boring, but the outside patio space has great chairs and a nice open atmosphere.
i usually have to wait about 20-30 minutes, but one day when the owner or manager was there (he seemed kind of pompous, actually... i like the regular staff better -- way more friendly and customer-service oriented, surprisingly), i waited for an hour just for a car wash and rug scrub!
it wasn't even particularly busy...  on top of the wait, he didn't offer me the little air freshener that comes with the nice wash- i had to ask for it!
and then when i did, he only gave me 1-- normally they give 2 -- 1 for each side of the car.
cheapo.
as far as quality of service overall goes: they pay attention to detail- better than a machine could and they work really hard even on my cheap old car.
so i will consistently return.

I stopped by here for a quick wash after driving from LA.
I was surprised to see that they did a great job.
The ONLY reason I actually stopped by here was because of the other Yelp reviews.

I've taken my car here about 5 times now and drive completely out of my way to come here, so it's probably time for me to write a review.
I've been super satisfied each time with the detail of the cleaning especially for the price.
I always get the wash that's $14.99 and my car is like brand stinkin new!
My tip regarding the windshield guys is to upfront say you know the spiel and you're not interested.
They usually back down with me after that.
:)  I do wish that they had coupons to print out online that I could actually use, however since prices are cheap already I'm not complaining too much.

This location is closed - apparently being demolished.
And yet they are still selling groupons with no notice of this.

