day 17  my final training session in vegas.
fitting it is here.
named simply after the man himself sergio penha.
a true legend in brazilian jiu jitsu.
he's an old war horse who's a brilliant technician and is all about one thing, submission and excitement.
his academy 6 or more black belts.
some of the cleanest mats around.
and its fairly large.
its about a year old so he has a lot of new students and a great time to come in, cuz a new school needs a new team.
my trip had me feeling down cuz i felt trapped in vegas in a way.
i have a buddy i am meeting in colorado and he wont be there til sunday so i'm stalling in vegas until he's a few days out from coming back.
but meeting sergio and training with him lifted my spirits.
his passion for jiu jitsu is contagious and all his guys and girls are all tough as hell!

If you live near here, this is the place to learn BJJ.
With so many places to train in Las Vegas, I can see why some people get confuse to where to train.
But seriously Sergio Penha is the MAN!
If you really want to learn BJJ, you need to do yourself a favor and try this place.
Sergio is a legend in this sport.
His skills and his teaching are phenomenal.
I took a class with him during a business trip and was extremely  impressed.
I was injured when I went to Vegas, and almost  skipped the class with him.
Didn't want to hurt my knee further.
But to my surprise, his students were very respectful of my old crippled ass.
I had training partners who train 100% against me even after I tell him I was hurt.
Sergio is a great teacher, his place has a good vibe.
Can't really ask for more.
FYI he moved to 3904 Schiff Dr. And the street is actually a parking lot.

So I'm bias, Sergio is not only a mentor he is a Master of Jiu Jitsu as well!
I could stop at mentioning his 37 yrs as a black belt and the countless number of great Jiu Jitsu and MMA fighters he's molded or shown the true meaning of pressure!
Sergio's school is no joke!
Everyone greats you with a smile and everyone is welcomed as a member of the family.
He is without a doubt royalty in the would of Jitz!
Now he doesn't get as much press as the Graces do but don't underestimate his influence here in the US!
I recall when I first joined, one day I counted 11 black belts present in class!
All the guys from whiteto black are top notch!
I can say I trained with most of the big names in Vegas, guess if you rolled all of them together maybe they would have Sergio's level of experience!
If your in Vegas and your at the beginning your journey, or if you've been around the block come, by the Spring Mountain location you won't regret!
If your already in town and sick of training with a guy with a giant ego, or a part time teacher and a full time fighter?!
You owe it to learn from the root of modern Jiu Jitsu!
Again I'm bias, and I currently live in NYC and train with another legend, in Marcello.
They are really one in the same, very confident, humble and masters of the art of grappling warfare!
Honor, respect, family!

I've been training martial arts for 20 years now and been a professional mixed martial artist for over 10 years.
I've trained and competed all over the world and Sergio Penha is the best guy I have ever been on the mat with.
He is a true legend and pioneer of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) who has been training for 40 years now.
Sergio trains everyone from students with no martial arts experience to professional athletes at the highest level of their sport.
The best thing about Sergio Penha BJJ is the family atmosphere.
There are no ego's at his gym and everyone helps everyone to be the best they can be.
Sergio teaches a unique blend of BJJ that can be used for everyday self defense, brazilian jiu jitsu competitions or even professional mixed martial arts style competition.
I've seen examples first hand of Sergio helping to change peoples lives.
I've seen it in many forms.
Some people gain confidence they never had before in everyday life, others get in the best shape of their lives and others achieve their dreams of competing as a professional athlete.
Sergios school is based on 3 principles: Loyalty, Family, Respect.
Like I said earlier, I have trained in every style of martial art in my journey and there is no doubt that Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is the single best art you and your family can do for self defense purposes in todays world.
It is a very effective approach using technique, leverage and intelligence to defeat larger stronger opponents.
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu also uses the gi which is a martial arts uniform that mimics clothes a person would wear in everyday life.
You wear a top with a collar, you have pants and you have a belt.
All of these translate to self defense in real life as your attacker would 99.9% of the time be wearing clothes (at least lets hope).
Do yourself a favor and check it out now for a free week.
Sergios gym offers adult classes, kids classes and now a new womens self defense class.
Chances are I will see you guys there!
SergioPenha.com

