The food deserves an A and should deserve a 5 star.
The reason I gave it  3 star is because the price from the menu in front of the counter is different than the one from the menu for the customer.
They try to charge you more (about 30 cents more per order) Therefore i gave them a 3 star instead.

After the Mekong visit and my patience worn completely thin I decided to go somewhere where the wait wasnt an hour.
So headed to LeeLee and decided to try the attached restaurant there.
Whats funny is I passed 6 other Pho places along Dobson on my way.. it was a sign!
Being in the mood for beef stew, I was told #48 was beef stew.
So, ordered that to go.
When I got it home I was shocked to see that it was pan cooked beef chunks with onions and sauce served over the top of lettuce and tomatoes.
I was like fuck, that's gross!
Well, I had to take a bite, then another, then another, then another.. it was really good!
Not the Bo Ko I was craving but tasty none the less.
The lettuce had wilted and was similar to a stew cause of all the moisture that was released.. a very good dish!
Ill have to go back to try the pho.. though with all the other pho options I think a tour is in order.. anyone wanna do a Dobson pho tour?

I understand that pho restaurants are usually not fancy but this place is pretty ghetto.
We were greeted by a Caucasian waiter and led to a table right next to the glass window overlooking the customers at Lee Lee's market.
It was pretty dark inside with only 5 customers on a Saturday night.
*Decor = dark, casual, no privacy...it's almost like eating in a food court.
*Price = on the high end for pho *Service = the bare minimum *Food: -Spring rolls = ok....but it was mostly lettuce -Rice dish with pork bbq = ok...but portions wise, not much -Pho = the soup is VERY bland

As soon as I stepped out of my car to go into the place, a gentleman who worked there stepped out and was throwing rice on the ground for a huge gathering of pigeons.
Yeah.
Kinda annoying while I'm trying to go INSIDE to eat.
I almost said something about how "rice makes birds explode and how I just got my car washed and would not any bird poop on it, thank you", but decided not to.
Maybe the food is good..
Gentleman who was feeding the birds went inside and sat me at a table.
Interesting enough, I see a door that connects to the Lee Lee's supermarket next door.
Interesting.
The waitress was extra nice in helping me decide what noodles were good and checked on me when my food arrived.
Hmmm...that's good..considering that's something that rarely happens at pho joints.
:)  Broth was a bit bland and oiler than I expected.
Decor could have used more than 1 flatscreen tv for that huge dining area.
Maybe just felt empty because I was the only customer at the time.
Beef pho noodle was around $7.50 and vietnamese iced coffee around $3.. pretty average price for Arizona pho.
I still like Pho Van more (other pho place in the same shopping center), it feels more cozy there, and the menu has a lot more variety of rice platters, vermicelli, soups and drinks there.
OK food here, just not truly blown away..

Really nice counter service for our to-go order, got a hodge podge of their menu.
Both spring and crispy rolls, a rice dish and a wonton pho soup.
The rice dish was charbroiled pork plus shrimp which were pretty small and sort of dried out looking (flash deep fried?).
They gave you romaine lettuce as the veggie accompanied instead of the typical picked veg, which was disappointing.
The different rolls came w/ 3 each which was nice surpise over the typical 2, spring roll was better than the crispy.
Pho was ok.    Total $29, a little pricey though conveniently located to do shopping in LeeLee's afterwards.

If you come here, try to get a table by the TV so you can watch the pretty Vietnamese women sing Vietnamese songs.
I found it very cultural, cool and interesting!
At least it wasn't kareoke (thank goodness!)...
Me and my mom came in at the right time.
It wasn't too busy in the afternoon.
Service was great.
Ordered their spring rolls - I thought they were going to be deep fried, but the ones they brought out were the fresh, soft kind that had veggies, shrimp and bbq pork, served with a peanut butter sauce.
I was pleasantly surprised by how good it was.
They were to die for!!
The pho was good - perfectly portioned.
I finished the whole thing!
I was kind of surprised that they served the soup in smaller portions.
Normally at other pho places, I can barely finish my bowl.
Maybe it's because I'm used to restaurants that serve "American" sized portions...
Otherwise I had a good first experience and would come back again!

09/08/10  I've eaten here a few times over the years.
Mom and I don't really care for the summer rolls (fresh, not fried, rolls of shrimp, pork, lettuce, rice noodles, and sprouts).
The peanut sauce that accompanies the rolls is good, however.
The bowls of pho and a few stir-fried meat over rice dishes we've had here were good.
The last three visits, however, were mainly for the ever-so-tasty durian shakes!
If you've never had durian, well, you're in for a ride of sensory overload!
Durian's scent for the uninitiated will most-likely be UNPLEASANT.
So overpowering is the durian's scent that many Asian countries ban its transport in public trains, planes, and automobiles.
Some hotels also will not allow patrons to store durian in their rooms!
Oh, but don't let its pungent smell deter you from trying it in shake-form!
I suggest you ask for a second plastic glass and share this w/ a friend... Trust me-- it's too rich a drink to finish all by yourself!

The ponytail guy who runs this place seems totally cool and you get the feeling that this place is totally white friendly.
When you order though, you realize it is past white friendly and any self respecting Vietnamese person would be ashamed by this place.
My nem nuong quon was brought by some cold sore yielding individual who overcharged me by about 50 cents for my rolls, and the "nice" guy who seemed like he owned the restaurant acted like a dick when I ordered.

I don't understand why the reviews are as low as they are here.
I have never had anything bad here and have never been screwed by any pricing mistakes before.
I've never seen someone working there with a cold sore and I thought the prices were a little higher than your typical fast food combo.
I'm a regular here, they remember what I order, and my friends have raved about the food.
I have two gripes though.
One is that they need more vegetarian options or make the yuba wrapped shrimp as a main dish.
The second is when you order a soda and you only get a can.
I would rather pay extra and get free refills.
Sorry haters, I love this place.
If I'm not having some bun here, I'm sneaking over for some boba, going for Chinese food, or shopping at Lee Lee's.

This place has really tasty food!
But unfortunately I don't come here often because the prices are higher than normal Vietnamese restaurants in AZ and the portions also aren't that much.
The owner is very nice and polite though.
I would come more often but the portion to the price is not good for me unfortunately when I can find it just as good elsewhere.
Definitely eat here though if u haven't already!
Their Pho is Really good!

I've been here twice now and I don't understand the poor reviews.
Both times my server has been fantastic.
Without even looking at the menu, I ordered the seafood soup and asked for no crab meat.
"No problem.
" was the reply.
I asked him if it came with egg noodles or the rice noodles.
He said, "You tell me what you want, and we'll make it happen.
" So I had the seafood noodle soup with the wide, flat, rice noodles and honestly, it was some of the best I've had in town.
My partner got charbroiled pork over noodles the first time, and there were zero complaints.
She got beef soup with the brisket the second time and all I kept hearing was how f*cking good the soup was!
I've had Vietnamese food all over Phoenix, Tucson, Hawaii and Southeast Asia and this ranks with some of the best, at least as far as the soups go.
We manage to get out of there for around $20 for the 2 of us, which is pretty average, so i'm not sure what all the griping about the prices is about.
The staff is friendly, the food is good, the prices are good, and it's right next to LeeLee's so you can jump over and grab some Asian groceries, and the Boba Tea House.

Dear Owner, why did you stop at 68?
I suggest you adding one more number.
As we all know, the pho business is quite competitive, especially in this Asian mecca of town.
Survive on cheesy and perverted marketing, I say!
;-)  Please redeem yourself, it's just embarrassing!
Restore honor in the name of the Pho# community, which extends all the way to SoCal.
It was this 2-star recipe that I observed:  1) Adding a dash of Black Pepper before my pho bowl arrives.
Who does that?
Trust me, nobody in my pho eating career have I seen this.
You either: a) believed your broth lacked flavors b) thought it was cool and tried to be different?
If needed, we can use the shakers that was already sitting on the table.
Clearly, a Pho Faux Pas.
It threw everything off.
Slurp after slurp was quite painful.
The identity of the broth was more evident once I added the hoisin and siracha: bland-ish.
Hence the BP?
*face palm*  2) Empty Tables and Chairs.
Clearly, this was a dead giveaway but I was semi hopeful that the Pho Gods would bring me good tasting fortunes on this great Sunday afternoon.
*face palm*  3) SERVICE was so SLOOOOW, I thought at several points TIME itself had STOPPED.
In comparison to some legendary Viet places I know, I get my cup of water the second I sit down or atleast within reasonable time.
10 minutes before taking order, 10 more minutes for beverage to arrive.
*face palm*  If you are truly a Pho place, it shouldn't take you more than 10 minutes to deliver a bowl of Pho.
In fact, the vegetables took just as long to come out.
The anti-freshness did not help either!
You would think being directly linked to an Asian Grocery would help in that regard.
*face palm*  No excuse for slowness when the place is half full.
Another thing, please invest in better Rooster and Hoisin sauces, not your mysterious, generic bottle.
*face palm*  All of this face palming has caused my face to go numb!
The only way I would return is if a ONE was added to the restaurant number.
By then I would expect an enhancement in the food and possibly a scandalous atmosphere.
;-)  Sorry, not worth the 7 bones and something cents.
For now on, I will decide whether to risk my appetite by Factor #2.
Sigh.
Heed.
Epic Fail.
The End.

Went there yesterday for lunch, and it was pretty tasty!
I got the #22, and my god, it was SO HUGE I really couldn't finish it even though I wanted to.
My only complaint was that we had to wait around a while for the check, but the place was pretty busy as it was lunchtime.
Didn't see any dirty people, no cold sores, no price mishaps - just a tasty lunch that took a little longer than usual.

I have tried several of their dishes, and this is an overall review.
Their beef with shrimp dish (#41) is amazing.
The meat is tender and not over cooked.
I would not recommend the pho - the broth is lacking in flavor and complexity.
The taro boba drinks are great if you like that type of stuff.
I have also tried a noodle dish of theirs with meat and veggies, and it was good as well.
Overall, I would recommend this place if you stay away from the pho.
The server is very nice.
My bill always comes out correct, except once I think I was overcharged.

Trying to boost the reviews to this place.
because this is by far one of the best pho places in the valley, that's if your looking for a clear broth with a little zip to it.
i have been to a couple better pho places in Long Beach and New York, but for Arizona this one is the cream of the crop.
The pho is tasty, the servers are friendly, and I enjoy the sometimes bizarre Vietnamese music videos that play in the back ground.

I've been going to Pho 68 for at least four years now.
Some long time ago, after shopping at Lee Lee's, I asked one of the people at the register which Vietnamese place they'd recommend.
After some halting conversation, I got that while some of the other Vietnamese restaurants around may seem more popular, Pho 68 has been there the longest.
So I tried it.
Very glad I did.
The food is good and reliable.
Their pho and pho ga is always spot on.
My husband says that their egg rolls are the best he's ever had, anywhere.
Their appetizers are well-sized and tasty.
I've had nearly all of them, so it's hard to talk about any specific one.
They've upped their presentation in the last 6-8 months, which I like.
Okay, small caveat - I've only ever gotten my food to-go.
I prefer to eat at home, lazing in front of the TV, in my comfy recliner.
The owner (I think... the kind gent who's always working the counter) is a great guy.
He knows me by my voice over the phone, he remembers our conversations, and he actually seems to _care_ about me, which I find charming and most welcome.
If I ask for food recommendations, he gives them happily, and tries to guide me towards what I'll like best (not what he thinks I'll like best).
The only thing I wish for occasionally is a larger menu selection.
The Vietnamese restaurant a few doors down is a little fancier inside and has more things on the menu (beef short ribs, bahn xeo, some super tasty beef stew like thing, etc...).
I think next time I go to Pho 68, I'll ask if they plan to expand their menu.
The owner/counter guy is definitely cool enough that I feel comfortable asking.
While yes, there are a few things I'd like to see improve (okay, mostly just the menu offerings), this place has been consistently good for over four years that I'm quite confident in giving a 5-star rating.
Get thee to Pho 68!

Excellent spot.
Convenient location next to LeeLee's market, and this naturally ensures fresh ingredients in their food.
For the money, this place never disappoints.
Try the avocado tapioca smoothie!

I really don't understand the negative reviews for this place.
I've had nothing but good experiences here and the pho is probably the best that I have found in the valley.
It's not as good as the pho I've had in San Jose or Portland, but it's definitely close.
Also, they serve it with the correct sauces, which not everyone in the valley does, which is a huge turn off for me.
You should get sriracha, chili paste, and hoisin, along with a dish to mix them in and dip in to.
All you people who pour sriracha into your broth are ruining the best part of pho which is the delicate aroma and flavor of the broth.
The only bad thing I can say about this place is that the Vietnamese singing on the TV can get annoying after awhile, but this hardly changes how good the food is.

I really like this place a lot!
Every time we eat here we always try something different and we've never been disappointed.
The atmosphere is casual, yet inviting.
The staff is very attentive and nice.
I highly recommend trying this place out, especially if you're feeling bored with other kinds of food or feeling adventurous!

I'm not crazy about Pho.
I've had it.
It's ok when it's cold outside but I'm more of  a bun kinda guy.
I do love it when Vietnamese  restaurants get creative with the names though.
Pholicious.
Unphogettable.
There's even a place  in San Diego called Pho King.
Somebody was  clueless when that business name was being  registered.
Pho is pronounced fuh.
But all that  is neither here nor there because I come to this  Vietnamese joint attached to Lee Lee's Supermarket  for their varieties of bun cha.
Google "Bun Cha  Obsession" on the internets.
Go ahead.
I'm not  that bad a case of OCD but I have cravings for it  every so often.
This is my favorite place near my  workplace that has the Saigon style bun cha.
They  put it all in one bowl and you mix it up with  fish sauce and hot sauce to taste.
Different types  of meat depending on which dish you chose but they're  all about the same price.
Service is usually decent but sometimes can be slow depending on how crowded  it is.
They have a TV that usually blasts some  Vietnamese pop music show.
Parking is plentiful as it is in the Lee Lee's mall.

This place is authentic Vietnamese!
I will not lie about that, but the last couple of times they have chosen very bad pieces of meat in our dishes...
It is quite disappointing.

Eh, nothing to rave about.
Decent pho but Pho Van is better.

It's good.
Little bit on the oily side for the pho.
Good broth though.
Okay priced.

I love this place!
My friends and I have been going here for a few years now, and I never tire of it.
The owners are incredibly nice, going so far as to make special dishes just to cater to my diet restrictions.
I haven't found better Vietnamese food any where else, it's truly tasty.

After spending a few hours perusing the aisles of Lee Lee, I decided to stop into the attached restaurant for a quick bite.
They give you A TON of food, and will tailor dishes to your liking.
But I didn't feel like the food had much flavor.
Everything was on the bland side.
I have, other, favorites spots for PHO/Vietnamese in the East Valley (and we have some GREAT spots)...The owner was super accommodating, which is why I am little sad writing this review.

Try no.22!
It's been a while, I came back & the flavors still awesome!

My wife and I eat here regularly - usually once per week - and we have always enjoyed it.
Their spring rolls (#2) are always fresh and tasty.
My wife likes the spicy noodle soup, and I enjoy the rice noodles with pork and shrimp (#31 to #33).
The owner/operators are always friendly, courteous, and helpful.
And the food is fresh, tasty, delicious, and healthy.
Highly recommended.

I was really craving some good pho on saturday and so my friend and I decided to try a place we'd never been before.
We came here and while service and staff were great, the food was... lacking.
I am a huge pho fan, and was really surprised to see black pepper sprinkled on top of my food when I arrived.
Then I tried the broth, it was like no pho broth I'd ever tasted before: it was bland and made me go "what?
" With every bite I took, I kept hoping it would taste better, but alas, it was just as disappointing every time.
The reason for the lonely little star though?
I love tripe in my pho.
Love, love, love it.
There was only a single piece, and it wasn't cleaned very well at all.
I took a bite and immediately tasted everything you should not be tasting when eating tripe and thought I would vomit right there at the table.
I will definitely not be going back here.
There is another pho place in the plaza which is a million times better, go there instead.

Like Pho Nat in Tempe, this place used to be in business because of their convenient location, next to Lee Lee.
As of some time middle of last year, I guess either there is a new boss or chef, but right now this is my go to place for Vietnamese Pho if I am in Chandler area.
Used to be Saigon down the road but that place is not consistent with their pho taste and portion, also they have too much msg-like things in them that you know is msg, cause U are swallowing gallons of water after U finish a bowl of pho at Saigon.
Okay back to this place, back when we were students and before Mekong open, Lee Lee is a weekend carpool thing with friends for groceries and then maybe some asian food.
So I am sure this is the same for any poor student that don't drive or drive a student car, your options are pretty limited, and you will have made the mistake of visiting Pho 68 like 3-5 years ago or earlier.
Chances are you will not go back again because the soup is bland, artifically sweet due to a lot of msg and the color of cloudy water with a few slices of meat.
But like I mentioned, as of last year, a friend tipped us off on the change in chef or boss there and the pho is very good.
so, we trust our friend and she was right :)  She may not be vietnamese but she is in the food industry and shes right that it has come 180 from before.
So come here and order the Pho, with spring rolls and an ice coffee.
U will like it, your stomach will thank u for it and when you are done, go thru the sidedoor to lee lee and go buy some groceries that are foreign and whose name you cannot pronounce, but still are tempted to try anyway :)  Oh, the boss here is very laid back and friendly and will recognize u if he sees U for a second time that same week.
He is usually a one man operation and can be a little slow, but don't fret, its gonna get here, just keep your eyes on the tv in the middle and be confused at what they are singing about :)  Most of the soup noodles are pretty decent, I had tried several different ones, the regular pho, seafood broth ones, tomatoe broth one and the spicy hue style ones.
I don't know if the rice plates are good, but the spring rolls are decent too.
So if u are in chandler and craving pho, u know where to go :)  let me know if u know of any place better, i am always interested to try ;)

The service was great here.
Every time we come, there's about 30 of us and they still get us our food in a timely manner.
The pho and vermicelli that I eat every time were ok.
Nothing special but if you are in the neighborhood, you can stop by.
Although there's another pho place in the same plaza.
The pho soup there has intense flavors.
Both are the same price just about.
Come here for the fast and warm service, not the food.

Very friendly owner.
Like the classic egg noddles + pho.
Good for quick meal and yet satisfying.

I stopped in because Pho Van is closed on Wednesdays.
Very good portions, but was not blown away by the broth.
Im a broth guy.
Service was very good and the space is good.
In the end, not bad...but not great.

awesome food , their broth  with chicken delicious

Apparently, I'm crazy... but I think Pho68 has delicious broth.
It's fragrant and clean, not oily.
The owner knows me, my fiancé and even my work buddies that I've converted from pho-confused to pho-lovers.
The service is fun and friendly.
The food is worth, at LEAST four "nom"s when verbalized.
A Vietnamese food n00b friend of mine is gluten-intolerant and they made huge strides to guarantee her food was safe.
She didn't feel yucky after the meal and thought it was delicious.
Granted, it takes a little while to get the food out but you have to take into consideration the amount staff working, never seems like more than 3 or 4 people.
Just take a long lunch and let it... simmer in... how awesome their food is.

walked in, got seated the table was still dirty/oily/sticky.
Smelled like a mixture of cleaning products and old fish.
My daughter was getting ill due to the smell so we left.
Didnt order, and never will.
We were really looking forward to a good bowl of pho.
It was disappointing.

Words can't explain how great I think their food is.
It's small and maybe not the best location, but they make up for everything else in their food.

My family and I decided to stop by after about an eight year hiatus.
(There was this guy that used to work there, and he used to bother the crape out of me.
He wasn't there this time, and I'm glad, because now I can write a better review.
)   As I mentioned, we haven't been back to this place since about eight years ago.
The place has changed a lot.
I don't usually care about decor, as long as the place is clean and the food is good.
This place has an interesting vibe.
The pho is pretty tasty.
The noodles I was served was a little al-dente-ish.
The portions were appropriate with the price.
I really liked the broth.
It tasted healthier because it wasn't nearly as salty and oily as some places I've tried.
The utensils were clean.
At first glance, I thought I was going to hate the metal soup spoons, but they actually worked better than the thicker ones most fancier pho joints use.
I'm still upset at Pho Saigon for taking their "Beef Stew (egg noodle) Soup" off the menu, so I might be going here for a while until I find a spot that serves it.
Please message me if you know a place that has it.

The best Pho in PHX, hands down!
The owners are super nice and  totally amenable to subsitutions and changes.
I love it!

I get a cold quite often, and like most of you, I turn into a useless, slow, bathrobe-wearing, mucus-y whiny bitch.
I can't think, I can't speak and I sure as hell can't assemble food together but I feel like I am dying and I demand food furiously.
No?
Just me?
Alright.
I apologize  I knew I needed Pho.
Only pho could take care of my cold-inflected grumpiness, my sore and phlegmy throat, my permanent frown on my face.
Looking around Yelp, Pho 68 was the only one within a 2-3 block drive and that had decent reviews.
I quickly call them, asking for a menu.
They don't have one on their website (or I think they don't have a website at all), but they email me a soft copy.
Oh Glory, the menu at my finger tips.
I call them back immediately with my order and tell them I'm on my way.
I somehow manage to put on (what looks like) outside appropriate clothes and drive to Pho68.
The gentleman at the counter explains to be how to assemble it: the meats are all raw and the veggies are separated.
Heat up the broth until it is super boiling hot and quickly dump the meat in, followed by the noodles and veggies.
Then, as I always do, dump 4-5 limes worth of juice to cut the fat in the broth and give it flavor.
Then I dump everything in a serving bowl (you know, those huge ones that they usually use for decoration in your house) and I sit in front of the TV.
I may look like a small person, but I consumed what looked like a serving dish for 6 people in one sitting.
The broth was BURSTING with flavor, the meat was tender (brisket ,meatball and eye round steak) and the veggies were crispy and fresh.
Its not the best Pho in the world, but it definitely hit the spot, was high in quality and super affordable (about $7.50 for the large).
I loved their customer service, their speed and their friendliness.
Really, when you're that sick and moody, you become a hard person to satisfy.
I was satisfied.
I held my tummy full of pho and I took a nice, coma-induced nap.

Very nice place!
I've been there a few times now and the service has always been nice and food has been amazing.
Our server was very friendly and helped us decide what we wanted to order and suggested his most popular dishes.
Reasonably priced and a very good experience.

Your waitress took an accusatory tone and was rude with us when she screwed up our order, even after we tried to behave in a polite and understanding way with her when she did, and all you could do as manager was reinforce her negative behavior with similar behavior of your own when I brought this to your attention.
If she can't behave professionally, why the hell is she waiting tables there in the first place?
By the way, I was there earlier on other days and was the only customer and she had the same attitude, like she didn't want to be bothered doing her job then too.
Guess seeing your attitude allowing this shit I can see why.

Try this place for a fun experience!
Walking in, they make it a point to greet you and seat you right away.
The staff is super friendly and helpful!
If it's busy, they have a cute lil' waiting area at the front.
You can't help but take in the amusing decors of this place- it feels like you're in the jungle or somewhere exotic surrounded by lots of bamboo trees & plants.
Watching the Vietnamese music videos on their flat screen is pretty entertaining- if not a great conversation starter.
Eating here for lunch is usually a bold move because some time it takes a while before you get your food.
Don't be afraid to ask for recommendations if you're not sure what to order.
I really enjoy their Pho and they have many varieties to choose from.
The broth is yummy and they don't skim on the meat.
You have the option of having a small bowl or a big one.
Even if you're hungry, a small bowl is more than enough food.
Aside from Pho, they have a great menu selection of food to choose from.
Be adventurous and try something new!
;) Their price is also very reasonable compared to other Vietnamese restaurant.
The friends I bring here enjoy it a lot as well.

I usually go to the other pho place in this complex but I've been to Pho 68 twice now & I think it's my new favorite.
The service is incredible, and they offer a 'large' pho which I love because I really like a lot of broth.
Also, I don't use the sprouts/basil & instead use onions & cilantro (& I like A LOT of both) & they brought out an entire plate (other places I have to practically beg for extra onions/cilantro).
Love the decor & the Asian performances on the tv too.
This place is a winner.
I will be back regularly.

This is our second here.
I like this place.
Place is ok small and looks pretty clean.
I would recommended this place to my friends.
Good customer service.
Food is always good just like the first time I was here.
Getting something different just to change the game up lol.
Food porn!

We get their pho at least once a week.
Everyone who works here is very friendly, especially the owner.
Pho 68 also has the best pho broth in the east valley--I personally love #222 made spicy.

Completely rude!!
I don't know if the guy that helped was just having a bad day or what.
Never had I received that kind of service at any pho place.
Will definitely NEVER go back!!!
Didn't even mind paying for an appetizer I didn't even eat.
Someone needs to learn how to conduct business.
They surely have lost about 25 customers I normally take them...   Had to give them one star just because I had to write a review.
Sadly they are just around  the corner from my house.
But thankfully there's a couple more within 2 miles from me.

We walked in and were bombarded with a horrible oder of rotten fish.
I don't know why we didn't turn and walk out right that very moment.
We made it to the table, were given menus, and decided we just couldn't do it!
The restaurant was busy- & I'm curious of how the smell didn't repulse the other patrons!
Bad day?
Always like this?
I'll never know because I'll never go back!
Oh yea, only reason we went into this place was because Pho Van was randomly closed on a Wednesday night.
Disgusting smell as soon as I walk in?
0 stars!

Served me Pork Spring-rolls even thought I ask for no PORK!!!!
Was hungry and thought I made myself clear that I did not want any meat in my food.
Once I started eating my  food I thought it was tasting odd.
Server was like oh mistakes happen.
Seriously annoyed with poor judgement.

The broth!
So good...
I like this place... oh...
I like the fresh spring rolls too.
I'm coming back!

I go out of my way for Pho 68.
Easily the best Spicy Chicken Pho I've had from anywhere.
I typically do take out but I've eaten at the location as well.
No complaints.

First time ...recommended by a friend.
Wanted spicy seafood pho....could not find it on the menu.
My waiter said they would fix me up.
He said they have a lot of favorites not listed on the menu....so tell them what you like and they'll probably accommodate .
The service was awesome and friendly...
The seafood pho was off the hook!
Seafood humor.....mussels, shrimp,squid very fresh.
Two kinds of noodles in a med spicy broth.
Plenty of condiments to season to your liking.
This place is attached to Lee Lee Asian market.
If you have never been there, you may be surprised by the fishy smell that comes from the live aquarium they have in the butcher dept.
You get used to it after awhile....but it does bother some folk.
NOT ME!
I'll be back to PHO 68!
Recommend .

Best Vietnamese fresh rolls anywhere in Arizona!
We always have the barbecued pork fresh rolls and they are very tasty and good.
Their Pho is good too.
The only thing that bothered us was the fishy smell creeping in from the adjacent asian grocery store called Lee-Lee's.
But worth the trip...  By the way, we love just about every dish they make, especially #47, beef with vegetables and pan fried wide noodles.

Ok first off the odor is from the store not Pho 68.
IMO the owners have done a fantastic job with combating any odor with the decor (live plants, waterfalls, etc.).
We eat here once a week or more.
To the food: Coming from Seattle we went to numerous PHO restaurants in the valley only to be disappointed.
We went to PHo68 after shopping at Lee Lee's one day and ever since it is our primary stop for Vietnamese food in the valley.
Their Pho broth is thick and rich (NOT CLOUDY!).
In Seattle I'd order the onions in fatty broth to mix in.
No need here.
9/10.
Their meatballs are well made and just the right flavor.
No tooth killing elements.
The other dishes are made with the same attention to detail.
My son love their fried rice.
I consistently order the stew.
And it's a rarity to find a place that KNOWS just how to cook amazing shrimp so that you don't have to pull the tails (crunchy but not chewy.
Great work!).
Service.
Awesome!
I've never had a bad day there.
Everyone is friendly.
Banter is wonderful.
1 star people.
Sorry if your specific single experience was bad but I must say give the food and staff a 2nd chance.
Coming form someone that's been to 20+ Vietnamese restaurants you won't be disappointed twice.

