Biltmore Open, anyone?
When Brophy/Xavier MILFs aren't hustling me on the tennis courts at Granada Park, I cry myself to sleep, dream of better tennis skillz and wax nostalgic about the beauty of the rest of the park here.
Mike and I present a formidable tennis duo to the typical tennis novice, but we lack the shrill catty barbs and mesmerizing tennis skirt swoosh of the Xavier Mom.
Even dog walkersby can't help but notice the competitiveness of the courts here.
Re: the rest of the park?
I'm with David on the unique and hidden appeal of Granada Park.
It's large enough to have your own peace and quiet and given its slight slope at the base of Lincoln Drive, southwest of Piestewa Peak, the setting offers a hilly landscape, ducks quacking in the ponds and views of the Central Phoenix skyline.
Quiet picnics are definitely in order here over other parks in the area.
Check it out.

Preceding reviews provide an excellent sense of the flavor and amenities at central Phoenix's Granada Park, however as a longtime neighborhood resident, I'd be remiss if I didnt warn potential visitors about this urban legend's rarely broached dark side.
In the palo verde thicket between the restrooms and garbage canisters lurks a toxic, pedophiliac balrog, ten feet tall.
Please think of the children before you venture near this, or any, area of the park.
The lower pond is stocked with diabolical candiru, so gentleman BEWARE!!
I have avoided the pond for many years and also urinate problem free.
Coincidence?
Finally, the snakes.
In the brambles.
On the trails.
Coiled overhead, hanging from the shade trees.
I'm not a herpetologist, but have yet to see a bite victim receive the needed medical attention in time to survive.
It all happens so quickly.
We're working feverishly to eradicate these grave dangers, but please  reconsider plans to visit my neighborhood park until it is, you know,  safe.
We'll let you know when.

Granada Park is a tucked away park in right off the 51.
It's lakes smell bad, sure.
But the views here are nice.
From personal experience, Granada is one of those Let's-go-make-out-at-3AM-parks....and I've found others and their spouses use it in the same respect.

Not a bad park at all.
The canal path is great to run along and is usually pretty open during the early mornings on weekends.
As it gets nice out, it can be filled with bikers, runners and walkers alike.
One downfall, the few times I've tried to stretch on some patches of grass, I've had some unexpected and unpleasant encounters with ants.
Stretch on the sidewalk please!

I lived half my life in Phoenix and when I was a kid my parents always took me regularly to feed the ducks.
This last time I went (Aug 2011) while visiting family, so my dad, daughter, and I made our traditional visit to this park.
I love this park and always will.
Its clean, pretty, and how can you forget the DUCKS!
There are so many ducks, and if you bring a loaf (or two) of bread it is so fun and easy to feed them.
Some are more friendly and eat right from your hand, or lips!
(see my photos from here!
)  If you're looking for a fun, basically free, thing to do in the area, this is a must do.
A casual date, friends, family outing, it does the trick.

We frequent this park on a weekly basis, especially now we have a child.
The playground is fun and greatly upgraded a few years ago.
Great for a nice stroll.
In the trees over the lake there are a bunch of lovebirds, very cute.
The views are awesome.

This is our annual park for Megan's birthday party!!
It is a clean and nice park with a pond with ducks, play area for kids, benches for lovey dovey couples to sit and watch the waters, etc.
Parking here is a little hard, but it is a good thing that is streets are extra wide so you can park on the sides of the street.

This is a great park.
The playground is great for kids and my son loves watching the ducks.
It's also very dog friendly.
In fact, it loses a star from me because the city hasn't made part of it into a dog park yet.
In the early mornings lots of people like to let their dogs run free.
There's so much open space at the park so the dogs don't usually interfere with regular park goers.
I just wish the city would finally turn at least part of the park into a dog park so the rest of the playground stays dog poop free.
Granada has beautilful views of squaw peak and is always very clean.
Definitely one of my favortie spots to take my son.

Great place to walk around a lake

