OOOhhh I loved this place.
Still had a few kinks because its so new but the staff was quick about anything.
You have to try out the lazy river...and all of the 3 pools, yes 3 pools...
Here's a pool, there's a pool, everywhere a pool, pool.

This is a resort-caliber timeshare facility, missing a couple of luxuries that would definitely push it into 5-star territory.
The newness of the construction is evident as everything is relatively modern.
The two-bedroom unit that I have stayed in here previously was spacious and en vogue, if safely designed.
Again, the accessibility to a full kitchen, washer/dryer, dining table, etc etc.
quickly gives the sense of homey comfort.
Having a balcony/terrace overlooking the pool is just awesome...
The resort has amenities a plenty, offering 4 pools (a lazy river, two pools, a grotto), a rec room (of video games, table tennis, billiards), a fitness room, a couple of poolside cabanas, and BBQ grills.
There is shuttle service to the strip that only runs to a too-early-for-Vegas time.
The big minus stars for this timeshare resort?
One, they could have benefited from having even a perfunctory food/craft service on site.
And two (this is kind of the big "too bad"), the resort is located a distant 4-ish miles from the Strip (Mandalay Bay being closest).
Cabbing that distance could quickly eat away at your fun money... ____________________________ Timeshare patrons arent' always couples and families.
Nope, sometimes its 12 college age women celebrating their bachelorette friend's last hurrah... *teehee*  FUN!

My bf's parents/aunts/uncles all have timeshares at this place and we went to vegas for a wedding and spent a week here.
The place itself is great.
The rooms are big and spacey with living room/dining room/kitchen/washer/dryer/balcony/fireplace ( i know, using a fireplace in vegas sounds crazy but the air conditioned room gets so cold sometimes!
haha), there's like 3 swimming pools, a lazy river, jaccuzzi's, etc, basketball court, fitness room, a rec room with a ping pong table, pool table, ice hockey, arcade, etc.
They have so much and it's such a nice place.
I would totally have given it 5 stars...
IF IT WEREN'T FOR THE SERVICE!!
Let me tell you..  We came with 3 families, so we had 3 rooms reserved for the week and had requested to have the 3 rooms next to each other or at least on the same floor.
Check in is at 4 and we arrive there after a long tiring drive exactly at 4.
We get there, its crazy busy, and they tell us our rooms aren't ready and it will still be 45 minutes to clean them up and prepare them.
Ok, that's fine we understand it's busy.
So we wait.
After 45 minutes goes by, they give us our keys.
Room #1 was fine.
Room #2, we go in and it's a mess!
The cabinet/sink doors/drawers are all open, the couch cushions are all out, the pull out bed is out with blankets/sheets thrown on them, beds are not made, it's just a mess.
Room #3, go in AND SOMEONE ELSES STUFF IS STILL IN THE ROOM!!!
Can you believe that?!
They gave us a key to a room that the family wasn't checked out yet!!!
That was THE most disturbing!
Anyways, we call front desk and complain.
They send someone to clean up room #2 and we had to wait outside the room for like another hour for them to clean everything (and it was sooo hot!!).
They tell us the family in room #3 ended up extending their stay, which bothers us even more because they should've moved them since we already had the reservations.
Anyways, long story a littler shorter, they just made it so difficult, moved some of us around from different buildings/rooms, and didn't offer anything to compensate for all the trouble, we had to ask HELLA times and speak to different managers before they finally did something about it.
WHACK!!!
And that's my story.

I have been impressed by all the Worldmark/Wyndam facilities, but this is a very nice hotel.
The staff are pleasant and knowledgeable and the rooms are very nice.
While pretty far down the strip, it's actually kind of nice to have that distance from all the chaos and craziness.
Plus, an easy shuttle takes you right into the heart of the strip.
The pool area is awesome - each time I went, I spent the entire time in the lazy river, letting the water take me around and around.
I could do that forever.
One pet peeve: We stayed in a room that was adjacent to the lot across the street, which contained a huge huge parking lot of either new or just plain regular parked cars.
For security, this lot has gigantic lights run by generators throughout the entire night.
These generators are LOUD and could easily be heard in the bedrooms in our room, making it difficult to sleep.
This is clearly not a Worldmark fault, but something that is definitely unfortunate about our experience at this location.

I love this resort.
It's perfect when you have kids.
They have kid activities in the morning M-F, a playground, arcade, 1 lazy river, 3 pools, 3 jacuzzis    It's a little far from the strip, but if you have a car it's not such a big deal, they made the freeway entrance/exit close enough so you can just hop on the freeway and exit a few miles down the strip (about 5mins drive).
They don't have a 24hour restaurant, shops etc., so it's ideal to bring your own grub.
There's a Food4Less across the street.
Overally, this place is pretty awesome!
Very practical if you're staying in Vegas for more than 2 days.

Very happy with staying here, the lazy river is an added bonus though between running around the strip and seeing free shows, we didn't really have much time enjoy it thoroughly...   the LVB location is set further out from the strip to give you more of a resort type of experience.
There are plenty of entertainment onsite, pool, jacuzi, lazy river, pool table, air hockey $1, DVD rentals ($3), foosball and several arcade games for kids...

My friend has a timeshare with WorldMark and it's been great being apart of that experience.
The first time was Windsor and this is our second time.
The place in general was awesome.
Full amenities - kitchen and all with AC.
The only bad part was that our trip wasn't long enough to explore the huge pool and spas that they have.
Next time!

Everytime we go to Las Vegas, we stay in this resort.
We don't have any complaints, but just want to say, we love it.
It is a very nice condo/hotel with an outstanding staff.
We come to Las Vegas every summer usually after another visited city.

I'll start of by saying that the 3-Bedroom Penthouse was awesome.
We stayed there last weekend, and the room was huge!
Full kitchen, big living room, 3 bedrooms, 3 bath.
The patio was pretty big too, and the view overlooking the lazy river was amazing.
Overall, I'm satisfied with everything the resort had to offer.
There was a really good restaurant/bar across the street (Gee Bees), and a Food4Less a block away, so food/beer is handled.
It is a decent taxi ride to the strip, but if you are cool with paying for taxis, or drive a car yourself, its nothing to worry about.
However, there are a few things that could have been changed.
- First, the room had some maintenance issues.
The wallpaper in the bathroom was kinda peeling up, there were some cracks in the tile in the bathroom, but nothing serious.
-Second, the room smelled a little funky when we showed up, but the smell disappeared by the second day.
- Finally, the lazy river had so many ridiculous rules, it was almost comical.
No open beers, but you can put a beer in a bottle with no lid and drink it.
You can't be in the lazy river without an innertube, but you can walk in the lazy river while holding onto a tube next to you.
You can't hold a tube for more than like a minute, but there aren't enough tubes to go around.
So aside from the weird rules at the lazy river, the place was awesome, and a cool place to stay.
If you or someone you know is a WorldMark member, do it.
Its legit.

what a beautiful location!
we had 2- 2 room condos with full kitchens for a huge family trip to vegas (12 people).
the units accomodated 6 people easily- 2 people per bedroom and 2 people on the murphy beds.
the pools were always clean and well maintained.
the game room had a pool table- very nice when you just want a night off from the strip.
a perfect choice for a vegas trip

So, let me start by saying that the unprofessional manner in which the floor MANAGER conducted himself, was inexcusable.
After filling out the form to sit through the 2 hour presentation, I find out that I marked the incorrect income box on the sheet.
So what do they do, NOTHING!
My friend and I explain the mix up but to no avail.
The manager comes out to tell us that there is nothing he can do with this huge smirk on his face.
We were so pissed off that they had us drive all the way out there and would not even listen to the fact that I made a simple error!
The guy I was with was very upset and the manager proceeds to provoke him by saying "Are you gonna get in my face?
"  "You wanna hit me, go ahead.
"  SO NOT PROFESSIONAL!
Take your pin stripe suit and your smirk and walk away like a true manager would have done.
Needless to say, this was the worst experience I've had with Worldmark.
Thanks a lot Dan and by the way, learn how to act like a true professional, not a child.

Stayed here on a Sunday night.
The property is huge.
They have at least 4 different swimming pools, and jacuzzis along with play areas for the kids and picnic tables.
Check in was quick and the staff was very nice and attentive.
Since I was only staying one night, I decided to reserve for  a studio.
When I checked in, the staff informed me that they ran out of studios and were upgraded to a 2 bedroom/2 bath.
Woohoo!
The condo as I say was huge along with a nice balcony that had table and chairs.
It had a full kitchen and even a murphy bed besides the 2 bedrooms.
Definitely planning to come back soon.
This location is off the strip but definitely worth the drive.
Thanks WorldMark Las Vegas!

I've stayed here several times and I love the rooms here.
I've had 1br, 2br, and penthouses and all the rooms are nice.
The pools and the lazy river are awesome.
I love the kitchens and the fireplaces.
Only thing is the distance from here to the center of the strip.
I think the location on Spencer Street is much closer to the action.
This resort has all the amenities you will need.
They have everything except a casino.
There is a bar/restaurant across the street that actually had great food.
Parking at this resort is an issue as well as ongoing construction/upgrades.
I've also noticed the washer/dryers at this location are louder than they are at most Worldmarks.

I really liked this place.
I would've given 5 stars, but it is a little further from the strip then I'd like.
The place was clean and very cozy.
When we arrived, the greeter was very hospitable, and was able to answer all of our questions.
We stayed here under my friend's timeshare account, but if this were mine, I would definitely stay again.
Oh, one other thing- there is no elevator.
We happened to have a second story room, and heavy luggage.
Otherwise, I wouldn't mind it so much.

So, my mom and my mother in law both have points at the worldmark time share club.
My mom and I recently came up to Vegas for a short girls trip so naturally we stayed here.
It's a nice enough spot, on Las Vegas Blvd, but way on the South end, kind of away from all the lights and glitz.
Check in was easy, until we had to get a parking pass, where we had to stand and listen to the spiel on all the restaurants we were supposed to try while we were there.
The room was nice, but had some maintenance issues.
Cracked and stained grout on counters, missing baseboard on cabinets, etc.
Otherwise, no big deal and overall in good condition.
The view off the backside of the complex where we were overlooked a fine looking mobile home estate, more commonly known as a trailer park.
If you were able to look passed that, there was a decent mountain view to be had.
We ordered food in one night, and the management refused to let the delivery person up to the room to deliver it.
I had to go down to the lobby.
Not my preference.
Didn't really use any of the amenities (pool, etc) but I'm sure they were comparable.

Starting to look a little shabby in the units.
Love the Lazy River, though.

Nice and clean and only 10 minutes away from the strip and on the same road...  Free shuttle service to the strip every 30 minutes.
Cool lazy river pool.
Our room was huge with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, patio overlooking the pool, living room and kitchen.

Awesome place to stay if you have kids.
We got the 3 bs penthouse and it was fabulous.
Totally recommend this place.
Pools are clean and in a great location.

Front desk staff is cool.
They can pretty much get you deals anywhere in the city.
They have coupons for things for free items in restaurants, bars, clubs, and shows.
Talk to the host desk and get as much as you can for free that's what they are there for.
Make sure you ask because they won't always tell you.

Clean, fully equipped with a kitchen stocked with all dishes, pans and utensils and dining room.
A patio/balcony with BBQ on patio (and all BBQ cooking utensils in kitchen, master bedroom and bath, extra bedroom and bath and living room with fireplace.
Kitchen: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/81-wh-qHg2hvwHQBjC0Q-w?select=8Jd1dKWd6zlii63sys3b3g Living Room: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/81-wh-qHg2hvwHQBjC0Q-w?select=P4NJJx6oOqrBbu5D3ilu6w Extra Bedroom:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/81-wh-qHg2hvwHQBjC0Q-w?select=dkegFspW9pXbFxhq0qvbgA  I see it more as a family place for longer term stay.
The full sized kitchen and patio equipment make it large and comfortable for the all the kids, but it is not on the strip.
There is a bus shuttle that runs until 12:30AM, but the shuttle didn't run as often as I think it should so planning on going to the strip adn coming back wasn't as convenient as it could be.
No casino or macnines in the hotel, but there are basketball courts, a game room and some pools for family entertainment.
A friend of a friends has a timeshare here and let us use it for free, so it's really hard to complain.
It was a great, comfortable, clean free place to stay, but if I had to pay my own way, I would pick something closer/on the strip with a casino or bars in it.

I've been to this place twice and it has not changed in 3 years, the rec room looks like it hasn't been touched since the early 90s, the rooms smell but not as bad as the hallway.
Sheets and blankets suck.
They have the worst shower heads...
I've heard of water saving but if I have to shower 5 times as long just to get wet its pointless, worst shower ever.
I've had better showers from east coast well water, and the worst part was I was unfortunate to have a room that was under the heater on the roof so every time it would kick on it would shake the room and it would basically sound like a jet engine was on the roof.
The floor was even shaking and when I complained they said yes we get complaints about that and there is nothing they can do.
So if you don't like sleep, or showering, or a clean up to date environment, yes the people are nice but that only goes so far.
I only give 2 stars because of the pool and staff.

This WorldMark location is wAy better than the one on Tropicana.
Not only are the rooms more spacious, the amenities are also abundant.
The staff are never short-handed and they're helpful in explaining details to you.
The hotel is laid out in a square with the center of it filled with activities: playground, swimming pool, lazy river, horseshoes, and mini golf.
My friends and I only stayed one night - it was such a shame we couldn't do more.
The balcony in our three bedroom even had a BBQ and faced the lazy lagoon.
Inside the unit there was a full kitchen and a stacked washer/dryer with detergent provided.
It's not a full-size, but it's definitely better than none.
I would definitely stay here again.
Side note: We stayed there on NYE, if booked in advance it sure beats paying the exorbitant fees on the main Strip - and you don't have to endure much of the crowds.
If you plan to drive to Vegas for NYE, I'd recommend driving early the day before to avoid traffic.
Or, if you must, drive at off hours (i.e.
when people are sleeping or partying).
While it is a great experience to say you've done it, I found NYE in Vegas to be overrated.
I much prefer Disneyland fireworks (there were about 4 sets going off at various hotels during the Strip).
The wait at restaurants are an hour+ or by reservation only, so expect to shop for food or eat before 6PM when the Strip closes.

I like this place, the condo are away from Vegas Strip so its very quiet for you.
The pool is amazing!

A very large flagship property built to impress and draw new ownership.
So you know that the service and facilities are going to be top notch.
They are located an appreciable distance from the Strip which can be a good or bad thing depending on your preferences.
The nearest hotel/casino is South Point and a short drive to the M casino.
They do have shuttles that ran regularly to the Strip, but it can be 20-30 min depending on traffic.
The distance to the Strip also make taxi rides pretty hefty.
The parking areas are a bit confusing since the property is so large, the lots are compartmentalized so that that each serves a different building subunit.
Entrance is guard gated so security-wise it is pretty much on lock-down.
There are some restaurants, a shopping plaza, and grocery store nearby.
I didn't get to use their lazy pool but a plus that there are multiple pools on this property.
Rooms are a tad bit larger and more spacious than your standard Worldmark units and kitchen is decent.
I am not sure if this is a new property or an upgraded one, but there are some maintenance issues, all minor.
Washer and dryer are also in the units.

A Nice Modern WorldMark Property Located South of the Vegas Strip  SITREP  This one of two different properties that I will usually make a reservation at when I hit the Viva Las Vegas (VLV) events in Las Vegas.
This usually coincides with Easter Weekend.
I prefer the quality and the size of the suites of these locations in contrast to staying at the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino or The Orleans where all the VLV events are scheduled.
SETUP  A few miles south of the strip, this WorldMark property is has a lot of amenities you would also find at the larger hotels, such as a large pool, jacuzzis, and club house with weight room, and lot of other cool things.
What I like about staying in either one of the really neat studios, or the 1 or 2 or 3 bedroom sized rooms here is that they all have a full-sized kitchen and a living room that makes entertaining guests at my place a definite plus for after-hour decompression.
And there's nothing better than using the free WiFi out by the pool which is a definite plus.
MEMBERSHIP LOGISTICS  Usually, I don't even have to pay the housekeeping credit because March/April is the first time in the credit-cycle that I reserve a spot.
But if actually further down the queue then the housekeeping credit only amounts to about $70 for an entire weeks stay.
Mind you, I'm still making monthly payments on Wydham membership contract, so it's not like the housekeeping fee is the only cost, and there is the quarterly maintenance dues too.
I have to admit some confusion as to whether or not it is appropriate in this review to point out the weekly minimum reservation, even if I am only going to be here 3-4 nights.
But there you have it - I'll will reserve the week-minimum even if I am only going to be here half that time.
I feel like I am wasting my "credits-time", but I think I still am getting a better experience than being cooped up in a less quality strip-hotel.
THE LOWDOWN  If you like having a TOP RATE facility available to you to stay in while you are in Las Vegas, this place fills that bill rather nicely.
It's a bit off the strip, but a manageable distance when options such as the facility shuttle, or the local LV Metro Bus is taken into consideration.

It doesn't seem like this place opened that long ago, but our condo and the furnishings within were definitely starting to show signs of wear.
Also saw several places around the complex where pieces of the styrofoam building trim had been knocked off and not fixed/replaced.
My biggest complaint at all WorldMark locations is the lack of free in-room WIFI.
Generally, the grounds were in good condition, but the highlight of the facility is the lazy river.
Great setting to relax.

I like that this location is a few miles away from the strip.
Don't get me wrong, sometimes it's just easier to be on the strip where all the action is, but sometimes after a long day of food, alcohol, and SMOKE, i just need to get out of there and go somewhere that reminds me the comforts of home which is what this place does!
You are only a FEW miles away from the strip, it's really not that far.
the units have everything you expect a worldmark property to have, full kitchen, laundry appliances, deck, etc.
and of course it's spacious.
so if you don't want to cram 4 people into one open room, and stay in a hotel that reeks of smoke and booze, I would definitely recommend staying here.
Note: for those that like to gamble in the morning, afternoon, and night, this is probably not the place for you since they have no slots or tables, FYI.

Came for a family trip...
I had a blast.
I really enjoyed myself the lazy river was my spot!!
Hehe never really crowded, extremely relaxing.
Our room was directly poolside which was nice.
There were a couple of things that needed attending in the kitchen and AC.
The customer service, front desk and repair man were on point and fixed everything in a matter of minutes.
Sooo thankful!!!
This is located on the strip however driving it is a couple of minutes from the midst of all the chaos, which made it extremely nice for me that is... Lol The facility also comes which a game room, fitness room, 1/2 of a basketball court, huge pool ( volleyball net inside of it), waterfall etc.
really pretty layout.
Another plus if you don't want to drive around, they have a shuttle leaving every hour that drops you off & picks you up at Caesar's Palace.
All in all extremely happy with my stay!!

As an RCI member for over 15 years, this resort has very few amenities that make it worthwhile.
The amount of money you pay not only for the yearly dues, but the traveling to get here, is about 3-4 times as much as any other place in Las Vegas.
Save your cash for gambling, shows, or clubs, not cab rides or yearly dues here.
The Good: The pool is lovely.
Actually, it's so lovely, it's packed with people all day long.
Good luck trying to enjoy some quiet time reading or napping-- kids and adults yelling the whole time I tried to relax pool-side.
The game room has fun games & videos you can borrow to watch in your room.
I can do this at home, too, though.
The Bad: The resort is a $30-cab ride from The Strip.
Besides the fact that the shuttle only runs from 10 am-midnight, it also doesn't allow any bags or luggage.
So, if you have been shopping, or are going to a convention with your needed supplies, you will be turned away from the shuttle, which happened to me.
Also, the shuttle says it goes to The Strip, but that's not entirely true-- it only goes to Caesar's.
So, if you are looking to go to another location on The Strip, budget for cab fare, which is usually about $12 per mile in either direction from Caesar's.
I spent over $20 a day going from Caesar's to The Riv for a convention, and back again to catch the shuttle.
Wi-Fi is NOT FREE in the rooms, only in the lobby.
LAMESAUCE.
No restaurant on the premises.
So, don't get hungry, or go buy your own food at the closest grocery store about a mile down the road.
The Ugly: The rooms are mediocre at best-- I could have a similar type room at Circus Circus, minus the kitchen.
Speaking of the kitchen, the stoves are electric, the pots & pans are horribly cheap materials that require hours of scrubbing after you burn your food in them, and the utensils are very limited.
There is no maid service while you stay in your room, so make sure to keep it clean-- vacuum is provided.
Again, might as well stay in a hotel where maid service refreshes your linens and toiletries, unless you like vacuuming on your vacation, or having to walk all the way to the lobby just to pick up toilet paper and fresh towels.
COCKROACHES EVERYWHERE.
In the rooms, outside around the pool and lobby, etc.
Guess pest control isn't included in your yearly dues.
Don't sleep on the floor, and don't leave food out on the counters.
Truly the worst "resort" I've ever stayed at.

This place has plenty of memories for me throughout my younger years.
I love that it has a place to work out and to go on the internet.
The pool is amazing.
I wish it was just a little closer to the strip, but if I remember correctly, there is a shuttle that takes the hotel guests there.

Marvelous experience.
Worldmark provides a lovely living space ideal for families.
The Lazy River pool was greatly enjoyed by our 15 year-old son.
Each space is well laid out and thoughtfully appointed.
We enjoyed barbecued chicken on the (large) patio and watched a movie we'd brought from home on the DVD player in the living room.
The kitchen has basic (individual sized) packets of basic spices...and ice was already available with the ice maker.
We enjoyed our stay.
A friend arranged for our stay when our home (in Las Vegas) was flooded.
Worldmark made a terrible event into an experience that was much nicer and laid back.
We value our experience with Worldmark.
We had a very nice stay.

this is my 100th Review!!!
woot!
Woot!
Ahem...
So this place had some really good and some really bad...but the good outweighed the bad I think.
First the good:  As always, with worldmark the room was really nice.
The furniture was cute, the setup was nice and the bed was comfortable.
I love all the standard amenities that come with a room through WM...the kitchen facilities, the washer/dryer in the room etc.
This room was noticeably smaller than the other resorts I've stayed in but no big whoop.
Still rather nice.
Resort amenities were also nice.
There are actually TWO huge pools and one even had a super fun looking volleyball game going on!!!
I soooo wanted to join!
But I didn't...cuz I was shy.
lol.
The lazy river was also nice but yes...cuckarachas...but I'll get to those dudes later.
I also enjoyed the spa.
I got an AMAZING full body massage!!
If you go, you gotta get the African guy...I've forgotten his name but he is SUPER sweet and will JAZZ HANDS THE FUCK out of your back knots!!!
I'm serious!!
He puts his elbow in the knotted spot and then does this shimmy with his hands and it feels AAWWWEEESSOOMMEEEE!!!
Ok, the bad:  'THE FREAK?????
WHY DID I RECEIVE LIKE 5 calls asking if I received our welcome packet and owner education materials???
Basically it was WM just trying to solicit my guest to join!!!
But they would call at like 8 in the morning...THIS IS VEGAS YO!!!!
WE JUST GOT TO SLEEP TWO HOURS AGO!!!
LEAVE US ALONE!!!!
But not only that...I told them we werent interested and they STILL kept calling.
Finally I went down to guest services and DEMANDED that they stopped calling.
Can you believe they STILL TRIED while we were standing there?
BASTARDS!!!!!!!!
I just feel like they should either say..."THIS IS MANDATORY" ...OR...they need to try once, get rejected and then leave us the eff alone!!!!
I am already a member!!!
I pay my dues!!!
Don't come at me with the HARD SALE!!!!
And finally, the cockroaches.
THEY WERE NOT IN THE ROOMS as another reviewer suggested (at least not in my room) but they were everywhere outside.
I couldn't really enjoy the lazy river because as I was floating they would fly in and land next to me/near me/damned near on me ...which would cause my friend to scream CUCKARACHA!!!!!
and subsequently cause me to flail about trying to run away from said cuckaracha.
No bueno.
As far as being so far off the strip.
Yeah, that's true...but for me it wasn't that big a deal.
If I wanted to stay on the strip...I would have STAYED ON THE STRIP.
I actually liked being a little ways away from the madness.
And I mean, the shuttle really was convenient for getting out there to party...and just catch a cab home and split it.
Not a problem.

My husband and I stayed here twice within the past year (September 2011 and March 2012).
We absolutely love it!
Each time we've stayed, we got the 2 bedroom 2 bathroom unit.
It had everything we needed for our stay.
The units are clean, but the TVs are the small tube types, and there is no wifi.
The location is perfect in my opinion.
It's far enough from the strip, to feel "resort-y", but close enough to get to wherever you need to go in 10 minutes or less (if there's no traffic).
The shuttle was sooo convenient!
We never had to drive anywhere during the entire length of our 2 trips!
Loved it.
We are not a high maintenance couple, so we were very please with all the amenities that were offered.
All in all, I have nothing negative to say about this place.
The staff has always been friendly and helpful, and everything you need is offered one way or another.
The only bummer for our last stay in March, was that the main pool was closed due to a resurfacing project, and the main pool just so happened to be right outside our balcony... :(  But this is somewhere we would like to stay every time we go back to Vegas!

Nice people, mediocre place  The main pool was empty for repairs/resurfacing.
The people at the front desk told me I should have gotten a call or a letter.
I didn't.
The lazy river and hot tub adjacent to it was and that was acceptable.
We stayed in the 2 bedroom penthouse.
The sound from the AC was so loud, we asked to be moved.
We were told we could move out the next day by noon, and into a different until after 4 PM.
Really?
I asked if we could stay the one night and have the rest of our credits refunded and we were told it was up to corporate to take care of that.
The funny thing is the people who always try to sell you time shares told me they WERE a corporate site.
The maintenance guys came up to the unit and told us, yep, that's the sound the AC makes in all the top floor units and no, they couldn't do anything about it.
The microwave was broken, the turntable inside didn't turn.
The patio doors were difficult to open and close.
All of the door hinges squeaked.
There was an awesome moaning sound from the pipes every time we flushed the toilet.
The grill on the patio was nice.
The room and the resort were clean.
The beds were comfortable.
The people were nice, but nothing got resolved.
Kyle, the lifeguard who worked at the lazy river was outstanding.
A thunderstorm rolled through on an evening we were having some guests over.
He stopped us from coming in the pool area for our own safety, but the minute it was clear he called us on his personal cell phone.
He was awesome.
Tina and Jason at the front desk were friendly and did what they could.
Overall, I'd stay there again, but I'd pick a better room and make sure all the amenities were in working order.
Given a choice, I'd be inclined to try somewhere else.

Great pools, nicely appointed rooms, flat screen HDTV's, and a short drive to the strip.
I love this Worldmark resort!

This place is like heaven in Vegas.
No need to feel claustrophobic.
All the rooms have windows you can open, unlike all the hotel rooms on the Strip in Vegas.
No need to go downstairs and smell all the nasty smoke as you walk to get outside.
This place is a great place for families and people who are not really interested in being on the strip 24/7.
Of course for young people, it may be advisable that they stay on the strip to go out and do whatever, but for families and people who want to just have a relaxing trip in Vegas should stay at this place.
My family and I came here this past weekend and it was great.
People and the service is great.
Rooms are really clean and spacious.
The kitchen is fully equipped with pots, plates, and utensils.
It is basically an apartment that you are living in.
The pool is really nice as well.
The adult pool is like a river.
It is circular with a garden in the middle.
There are lots of circular flots for people to use while in the pool.
The rooms all have DVD players and you can rent movies in the lobby.
They have a rec room and a spa place.
They also have a shuttle that takes you to the Strip.
They drop and pick you up at Caesars Palace.
One thing that is inconvenient abou the shuttle is that it makes trips every hour, not every 30minutes.
They also don't run at 1pm, 1:30pm, 9pm, and 9:30pm.
Also, you really have to fight to get into the shuttle, especially at night when wanting to get back to the hotel.
My friend and I had to wait almost an hour and a half to get onto the shuttle to go home.
People would just go onto the bus without being respectful to people who have been there before them.
The bus driver said that their policy is that they do come back for people so we don't have to wait a full hour again.
A cab from the strip to the hotel is almost $20.
Not too bad, but still a bit steep.
Overall, this place is amazing and definitely worth staying at!

Just went back to this timeshare location 2 weekends ago, and I have to say, I refuse to pay $$$ to  stay at any hotel on the strip as long as I have my timeshare.
Granted, I can't just walk out of room and be on the strip of las vegas...but i have my own kitchen, my own room separate from my room mates, my own bathroom, and a large balcony that I can grill on and drink.
With all the money that you are going to be spending in vegas (food, gamble, and party) it's nice to save a couple bucks by just making your own damn dinner in your own room.
and the best part?
no hassling.
it's my biggest pet peeve and they didn't hassle at all.
LOVE it.

This is one of 3 Vegas properties and by far, this is the better one if you want to be closer to the Strip.
As the other reviews said, nice pools, lazy river, nice sized rooms --- basically all the good stuff other reviewers have mentioned.
If you're an owner, this is the place to stay in LV.
For the most part, it's a nice place.
Now, why did I take off one star.
As another reviewer mentioned, the hard sell!!
OMG, people, we are owners, you do NOT need to tell us how to vacation, what's new, how to save credits, what do to about affiliate memberships (RCI, II), we're old hats at this.
And, we know how to read!!
We keep up with things.
SO, why is it you feel that you need to bug us about going down to your cheapo breakfast for an hour for you to tell me what I already know.
If I say no, I already know all that and I'm only here for a few days and no, I did not make any time in my schedule to listen to your presentation, please believe me, leave me the heck alone and just give me my parking tag.
Oh yeah, that's right.
The sales person is holding your parking tag.
She took 20 minutes of my time and wouldn't say no until I said, check w/ me later when the rest of the family arrived.
Guess what, she called the room, later that afternoon to ask how many people were showing up to breakfast tomorrow.
I said, the family hasn't arrived yet.
She then called my cell later that evening to ask again.
Good GOD!!
When I got back to the room, I unplugged all the phones.
I refuse to get a phone call at 8am the following day.
We planned to party that night and crawling in at the crack of dawn.
TIP: when you come in to the resort, the guard takes down your plates, hands it to you to give to the front desk.
So as far as I'm concerned, you already know whose car is parked in your parking lot.
I don't need my hang tag.
Next time, I skip the hang tag from the "resort host".
Oh yes, to add, when you finally get out of the resort host's face, you get a little gift with toiletries.
Whoopie!!
I gave up 20 minutes in Vegas for that arguing with her.
Also, if you show up for breakfast, you get $50 AMEX.
She says, one less breakfast to cook.
COOK?
Heck, I'm in Vegas.
I may have a kitchen but I'm sure as heck not cooking.
I may have juice or some snackies but I left the cooking at home.
And besides, $50 doesn't even cover a decent breakfast per person in Vegas and she thought it was one breakfast for the family.
Did she think we were going to Dennys?
One last bit, in the afternoons, they make fresh popcorn by the lounge and some drink.
We had lemonade.
While nice and cold, as the day wore on, they must have been using the same lemons and sugar and just adding ice and water because it was getting more and more watered down.
Good for hydration, I guess.
Last last bit - I promise.
As an owner, I plan to write a letter to Wyndham or at least let my annoyance be known about the pushy sales tactic.
If every owner complained about it, hopefully they'll tone it down for owners.

The worst place I've ever stayed in with the poorest customer service I've ever experienced.
I never write reviews and this place just gave me such urge to write my 1st review to warn others.
I documented the whole incident for proof:   03/30/13 around 4:20pm checked in by Cory but the 2 rooms we booked weren't available.
Check in was supposed to be @ 4:00pm.
I even called to confirm the rooms are ready and are together in the same building.
He said approximate wait of 30-45mins.
Gave contact info for them to call when they become available.
@5:38 still no call.
Tried calling Worldmark but they hung up on me.
Really rude!
@ 5:41pm called Worldmark again.
For the 1st room, spoke w/ Britney and she gave room #2304.
But still no 2nd room!
Her pathetic excuse was they were still cleaning the room!
@6:46pm called Worldmark to cancel because the 2nd room still unavailable @ this time.
We were on the road for 15hrs and were dead beat, we haven't slept in more than 24hrs, we needed a place to stay yet were displaced so family went to another hotel.
Spoke w/ Cory because there was still no call received for the 2nd room.
He said he can't cancel the booked room and had to call reservation hotline but they were already closed.
@ 7:09pm Britney called for the second room.
But told her family already left.
So today we  tried to at least get the credit back for the 2nd room that we never got to use.
That's the least that they could do right?
Wrong!
They were giving us the run-around.
I couldn't even speak with the manager.
The guy @ the front desk, his name is Raymond, was very apathetic and was insinuating that it was our fault because my family left before the call.
Really?
They expected us to wait more than 3 hrs to get to the booked room?
The 1st room that we got was far from spotless  and I don't want to go into details because that would be nit-picky.
One thing they should do though is to change those toilet seats!
This place nearly ruined our Vegas trip!
We were almost late for a booked show so we didn't get to take a shower or freshen up before going to the strip.
This place is also not on the strip as I was expecting.
They're 15-20 mins away from the strip.
When you're in a hurry, that could seem like eternity.
Bottom line is: I would never stay here ever again.
I'd rather pay top dollar in one of the hotels in the Vegas strip and avoid this place!

Love WorldMark!
I usually love our stay here at WorldMark on S Las Vegas Blvd and often stay at this location when in town but the studio we were assigned to was not completely prepared.
Although the place was clean it was missing the usual 'welcome' setting I was used to.
On the dining table for two it was missing the placemats and centerpiece.
Later on in the day we found the placemats on top of the fridge.
Also, there was no centerpiece on the living room table as well where they usually have the little WorldMark 'welcome' sign... other than those things the place was well equipped.
I still give it high marks because this was just an isolated incident.
Sorry, as a WorldMark owner these are just little things but when you're used to some things WorldMark provides you expect it each time you stay in one of their resorts.
Love the security WorldMark provides especially coming in the resort.
The pool and Lazy River is wonderful too!

I stayed here only one night, and left with over 100 bed bug bites.
So did another person in my party.
Don't stay here.

It turns out a week later, another person in my group developed signs of bed bug bites, so they were all over the room, and not just confined to the one.
The hotel never returned my calls or responded to my inquiries when I raised this issue to them.
Now I'm covered in small red welts all over my arms in back that haven't lightened in over two weeks.
Due to their irresponsibility with their rooms, I might be permanently scarred.
Thanks a lot, World Mark,

Good time share however, needs improvement in many areas.
Managment needs to work a bit harder at organization.

interiors slightly outdated  but the flat screens thoughout  make it really nice !!!!!
service desk freindly !!!!

Very  annoyed with the pushy sales tactic.
Being a guest for the 2nd time of an owner we were interested in the timeshare so we were happy to go and hear all about it.
After deciding that we would need the weekend to talk it over- being that we had to sell our other time share first before embarking on a NEW one... the gal got super pissed off and started calling me "honey", said she had been with the company for almost 18 years.
She slammed down her books and said "I can't help someone who won't even help themselves", I was stunned so I replied thank you, she said "why are you thanking me"?...
OMG!!!
I was sooooo mad when I left.
I will never even consider Worldmark after that and I certainly will NEVER tell my friends about it.
We had means to make a decision to purchase but now... not for the world here.
The lifegaurds were ok, but seemed a little lazy.
It was clean and the 3 tv's were a plus but not for me!

Four pools, nicely landscaped and friendly staff.
The rooms are really great - full kitchen, large bathroom, washer/dryer, king-size bed, flat screen TVs and each room has a patio with a grill.
The shuttle is free and takes you to Von's, outlet mall or it'll drop you at Monte Carlo on the strip.
First shuttle of the day begins at 10am and drops you at the grocery store for an hour, then takes you back.
The last pick up at Monte Carlo is 1:30 a.m. and seems to arrive about every 45 minutes.
The timeshare talk that you sit through in order to receive free dinner, etc.
is a little stressful but we chose "no" and they didn't give us TOO bad of a time.

There are three kinds of people who come to Vegas: Strip people, off Strip people and Downtowners.
Strip people HAVE to stay on the Strip or they think they are missing out.
Off Strip people are perfectly fine not dealing with the Strip as most off Strip hotels run a shuttle to the Strip.
The downtowners are a whole another animal that I will not get into here, but  if you're a downtowner, you would NEVER even think about staying here.
That being said, this Worldmark resort is one of the best in the system.
Roomy condos with large balconies overlooking the pools, a ton of activities, a lazy river and that all important shuttle that runs to the Strip on regular intervals (30-45 minutes) until 1.30 a.m.
The area where the resort is has changed a lot since the resort opened.
There is a whole new development called South Point that is super close and a great alternative to the madness of the Strip.
I don't always stay here when I head to Vegas, but it is definitely my first choice when I am with a group of people or when I am driving instead of flying.
Having the extra space when you are with a bunch of people is a total bonus.
The only real complaint I have about this resort is the "owner updates", which is really a pep talk for you to make changes/upgrades to your ownership.
They say it takes 45 minutes but that's a TOTAL LIE, expect at least and hour and a half.
So whatever $100 tickets/dinner vouchers or whatever they do to bribe you to sit through their spiel better be worth it.
You have been forewarned!!

my friend stayed here for his 21st with 5 people!
there was two bedrooms and a pull out bed in the living room.
it was very spacious and awesome because they had a kitchen including all utensils, plates, cups, pots, pans, toaster, oven, and more.
they literally had everything you need to make a meal!
it was so awesome when i found the pack of different spices i was so thrilled!
i was glad i didn't have to go to the store to buy salt/ pepper.
i wanted to live here!
the bathrooms weren't as big as i wanted but this is a perfect place to stay with your family.
it is a 10-15 min.
drive to the strip but there is a shuttle every 30 mins.
to bring you there.
they have 3 different pools there but the lazy river was closed for cleaning the weekend we went :( BUMMER!
there are 12 different buildings so make sure you ask your guests which building they are at so you can save some time!

We loved the three bedroom penthouse suite.
The whole staff there was extremely helpful, pleasant, and always smiling!
The shuttle bus drivers were lots of fun and all said they loved their jobs.
Nice sing alongs and great music on the bus to the strip.
Great pools, spas, and gift shops.
If we needed anything, they brought it up to us!
Highly Recommend.

My parents had nights to use for their timeshare and so they stayed here.
My first impression: wow!
The room was like a fully furnished apartment.
Fully equipped with utensils, plates, cups, etc.
Even had a kitchen table that seated 6 I believe.
Pretty spacious.
There were 2 bedrooms.
One had 2 twin beds and the other was a master bedroom with a huge bed!
Plus, the room was super clean.
So clean I could walk barefoot, but that didn't happen.
It's off the strip, but still on Las Vegas Blvd., so a ride down to party strip would take no time at all.
Loved staying here.
I didn't interact with the staff.
My parents did, however, and they said service was great.
Somehow they managed to get free tickets to Madam Tussuad's and a Gondola ride.
Not bad if you ask me.

Had a wonderful time here at Worldmark Las Vegas blvd.
My husband and I brought my mom here to spend a wonderful week in Vegas, our kids came up later in the week.
It was a total of 5 of us.
We stayed in a 2 bedroom condo on the 4 floor, our balcony over looking the smaller of the the 2 pools.
Our unit was everything we expect from worldmark, very spacious, clean and comfortable.
My mom was amazed.
When we arrived I could tell instantly this place was beautiful.
The grounds are pristine with lots of foilage and water features.
It has a nice little market that we visited often, kind of like a pit stop market.
Very small.
Food for less is right down the street.
We visited the Serenity Spa one of the days we were there.
I made reservations for this a head of time, but somehow we weren't in the computer for our original time.
I didn't mind to much since we were going to be here for a week and they were able to get us in later that day.
Yay for us !
I bought 2 groupons for my mom and I, we got the facials.
I have never had any spa treatment before so I have nothing to compare it to, but WOW!
It was amazing!
Carol, our therapist was GREAT!
Our original appointment was for 10 a.m. so glad it was changed.
We ended up having them at 4 and 5 p.m. that was so much better it was a nice way to end the day and my day was over after that.
Hehehe   Ok, now for the downside of our trip.
We went to the owner education mtg or something and even though we got everything they said we would for attending at great prices, we still felt badgered into buying more credits.
It's okay to be informed about the new stuff thats going on with worldmark and one day I may even buy more credits,  but when you have to say NO several times and every time you do they switch off talking to you.
It's a bit ridiculous.
It felt like we were being tag teamed.
I still enjoyed the stay and can't wait to return.

My wife and I have been Worldmark members since 2004 when  they were Trendwest.
We have been to Spencer Street many times, the Tropicana location once and the Las Vegas Boulevard site once, before the remodel.
We had a great time over Memorial Day weekend this year.
First of all, I had 5000 points that were about to expire and we decided we needed a Vegas trip at the last minute.
I was able to book the penthouse a month ago for Memorial Day weekend and counted myself lucky.
When we decided to add the Friday to the weekend, I thought there was little chance of getting an additional day at an even later date.
To my extreme surprise, we not only booked the Friday, but in the same penthouse!
Amazing.
When we arrived at 2am on Friday, our fatigue melted away when we saw the place: it was huge!
The master bedroom and en suite made my wife very happy.
The huge living room was barely used and the spare bedroom, murphy bed and second bathroom not used at all.
We really wished we had friends or family with us.
We floated in the lazy river the next day and sunned ourselves for a very pleasant couple of hours.
The staff was efficient, helpful and pleasant, as always.
We have stayed at Spencer Street many times in the past because it is closer to the Strip and close to our favorite breakfast spot, Blueberry Hill, but I think we are going to make the Las Vegas site our new destination.
We thoroughly enjoyed the amenities offered here.

This is a sales review: We came for the tour and the sales rep was insistent on receiving our social security numbers.
At the casino we were told to just listen to the 120 min presentation and you will receive free gifts.
I have been on timeshare tours before and was never forced to provide a SS #.
The sales rep was very persistent even after we told her no, no, no from the minute we sat down.
As a result we received our entire deposit back plus the ATM fee and 2 coupons to a restaurant at the Flamingo.
The worst sales experience and waste of a day!

Really like the new update !!!
In the room  Check in could have gone   a little smoother....... but the associate was very pleasant  think they finally gave in to the will if the owners !

