I'll give this place a solid 3 stars for the first visit, good enough to earn repeat business.
Apparently a CA chain, Ono serves up a variety of "Hawaiian" menu items featuring various grilled meats with assorted sauces, generally complimented with rice.
Prices range $5-8 for entrees.
I had a "mini meal" which was plenty of food for me and a reasonable deal for the quantity of food.
My Yellow Curried chicken was tasty and piping hot.
The sauce had a mild spiciness.
The chicken came with some veggies which were fresh and tender-sweet potato or yam?
and cabbage.
I would have liked more rice and less meat.
There was also a small scoop of Macaroni salad which was not bad but very bland-the Macaroni Salad equivalent of Wonder Bread.

The last time we were in Hawaii, my husband somehow gained 10lbs in like 7 days.
I blame macaroni salad and rice drenched in teriyaki sauce.
We are now working to gain 40lbs apiece in 30 days by eating at Ono.
The food is pretty good but the portions are ENORMOUS.
If you took the container home and put it on a scale, it would probably weigh 3-5lbs.
This is a great place to go if you haven't eaten in 2 days and want your stomach to swell up like a bowling ball.

Ill probably come back and try it again.
I had the lunch plate of Katsu Chicken with the pineapple sauce.
After I added more rice and a ton of Tapatio sauce it was delicious.
It was about $7.50 and the lady on the phone said "Aloha!
" which just made me laugh.
Come on, we're in the middle of the desert!
Try this place out!

Good cheap and filling for under $8.
Order #1 and you won't regret it.
Makes for a great lunch or dinner, cooked fresh and efficiently fast.

Hmmmm...I started out reading other reviews of this place and I'm thinking that maybe a 2nd visit is in order.
Our experience was definitely not like others.
We stopped by here for lunch.
$5 lunch special includes your entree, 2 scoops of rice, veggies and a small drink.
We both got the BBQ chicken ... the boneless chicken portion was small, the rice was good and  the veggies consisted of cabbage (and that's it!).
We were greeted by a woman on the phone who hung up only long enough to take our order and then returned to the phone.
Since we were the only ones in the place (at 12pm!!
), I wondered if her conversation was meant to be entertainment?
Considering this place is next door to several other really good restaurants, I can't help but wonder why anyone would choose this particular establishment instead of one of the others?
Ample free parking, cause it's a shopping center.
Would we return?
I don't know.
Would I recommend?
I just don't know.
If we decide to give this place a second chance, I'll update my review.

Damn good food and they give you a lot for the money.
They offer coupons buy one get one free .
ROCK ON!!!!!!!!!!!!

(just read the other reviews AFTER I wrote mine...I guess different strokes for different folks)  There was one of these right down the street from my old job, then they just weren't' there anymore.
That was a sad day.
They used to have a daily special of an order of fried shrimp for $4...and you got SOOOOOO many.
The places with awesome values always go out of business...
Anyway, the two times I've been to this location I'm reviewing has left me missing the other one.
Something isn't quite the same.
I've order the Chicken Curry Katsu both times, which is my favorite from Ono's.
They serve the curry on the side, which most people would probably appreciate and prefer...but I liked how the curry would smother the chicken on the ride back to the job and make it all happy.
But I must say, the taste hasn't changed.
Its still an awesome dish - curry gravy with potatoes and carrots over these perfectly seasoned and fried chicken strips...with rice and a subtle-tasting macaroni salad.
Somehow, when you 'accidentally' get some of the macaroni salad mixed into the rest of the stuff, it makes it all better???
(why the question marks?
that wasn't even a question.
this guy's weird)   Even though that's all I ever get, the rest of their menu looks sooo good.
I mean the pictures OF the other stuff on their menu looks sooo good.
There's pictures of all kinds of pork choppy type things stacked on other pork choppy type things sitting next to mahi-mahi, grilled and fried shrimp, my chicken katsu, and other deliciously photographed things.
I can testify that the pork choppy things are incredibly tasty.
They are where the 'Hawaiian BBQ' comes from in Ono's name.
Oh and the chicken, too...which I've never had because I'm afraid of exactly what others here have complained about - undercooked rubberiness.
But back to the 'ribs', the sauce is one of the best sauces I've ever had on any meat.
Its sweet, light, and makes you want to eat the bones.
They also have Hawaiian beverages.
I can't remember the name of the one I get, but it tastes like pear juice only a million times better.
Overall, the value here is acceptable.
My katsu will sometimes not be finished in one sitting, and its only like $7-8 or something...which I have come to accept as well, acceptable.
I had to stop being a cheap-butt when I moved out here.
I do miss the daily specials that the other location had.
The shrimp are now $5 by themselves and you get like 6, as opposed to like 26 for less money.
Oh well.
The service is good here.
I was asked about my holiday shopping on my last visit, and I appreciated the small talk.
Wait times are ok...a bit long if you're in a hurry.
The inside of this location is really nice, with a lounge area, plenty of seating, and a nice view of people going in and out of the Harkins next door.
The food, service, and value here are on point, and I cannot think of any reason not to give this place 4 stars.
And if they start offering specials again, then they'll get another star.

I love Ono's for Hawaiian food.
Their food is great.
I like eating there.

Generally, I do not write reviews after visiting a place one time, but this placed forced an exception.
My wife and I were heading to a movie at the Harkins theatre next door and wanted a bite to eat before the flick started - so we popped into one of the nearest restaurants Ono Hawaiian BBQ (we talked about Rubio's but decided to try something new).
Believe me when I tell you it is not very often that I can not eat the food I have in front of me at dinner time - but this was one of those times (more on that below).
The service at this place was not particularly helpful, but we finally were able to place our order after their employee got off the phone.
Several items were out on their menu and two other items had black magic marker on their sign indicating they were permanently out (I understand changing menus, but this did not look particularly professional).
Once we ordered, we choose to sit at one of their high top tables or at least tried to.
The first one we sat at was dirty so we moved to the second one but then realized that was dirty too (this is in a restaurant with only one table occupied  - should not have have been too busy to keep the place clean.
Ditto for the third and fourth high top we tried.
So we moved to some round tables on the other side of the restaurant - two of the three were dirty there too and the third was in direct sunshine (can't blame the restaurant for the sun).
We did finally find a table with no crumbs, sauce smears or food left on it and sat down.
As we were eating one of the employees came out and cleaned one table, got a phone call and never came out for any of the others.
I ordered the seafood noodle soup and my wife ordered some spare ribs.
The seafood was not fresh, smelled unpleasant and two of the shrimp in it had not be deveined (not appetizing and I was unable to eat given the smell and the appearance).
The same was true of my wife's food - it smelled bad, tasted bad and did not look good.
We would have talked to the manager but at this point no one was around (they were all in the back in the kitchen) and it was not clear any of the people there were management level anyway.
As I said above, it is pretty rare that I can not even choke down a meal - but we tossed it in the garbage and left (ended up having a bag of popcorn at the movies for dinner).
Just because I am on a roll I will also mention that their shaved ice counter was not open - no big deal but it would have been nice if they had not left brooms and mops as well as boxes sitting out in their restaurant.
All -in-all, bad food, inattentive service, unpleasant smells and a dirty unprofessional looking restaurant combined for a wasted $18 of food.
Perhaps we just hit a really bad night for the restaurant, but I know I will not be back.

I recently visited the store on Germann and Gilbert and want to express how unsatisfied I was with the food and customer service.
Thomas the manager was working the front counter and has the personality of a piece of bread.
He barely spoke.
We walked in today at 4:00pm to no one in the restaurant.
We ordered loco moco - egg hard, with extra gravy, chicken katsu, lemon pepper chicken and spam masubi.
Our order took over 20 mins to receive and a mother and child that came in 10 mins after us received their food before us.
After we ordered, we went to get our drinks, we noticed a spider on the railing.
Something I was willing to overlook until I noticed it jumped!
Quite unnerving to say the least, I let Thomas know about the spider, he looked at it and walked away.
5 mins later, we noticed it was getting closer to us, so my mother got a paper towel and killed it.
After we received our food, I noticed my loco moco patty was burnt (I have pics), we didn't receive a lemon with our lemon pepper chicken (which we always have in the past), the katsu sauce was like water (absolutely no starch...again I have pics) and no access to the forks or chopsticks.
After standing at the counter for 5 mins, I told Thomas that I needed lemon, extra gravy and a fork.
I watched Thomas walk over to the lemon container next to the tea machine to see if there were any lemons - he walked to the back and with his bare hands - lemons cut - put lemon in the lemon container.
He gave me the extra gravy and told me there was lemon in the lemon container.
I witnessed 3 people tell Thomas the Katsu sauce was thin like water and each one was ignored.
My son ate his chicken katsu with teriyaki sauce - not exactly what he wanted.
My mother had to go up to the counter again to ask for the extra fork.
There wasn't an explanation or an apology for the poor service and crappy food.
To be honest, Thomas didn't look like he cared if he was there or not.
The store wasn't busy by any means except for the lady that had a phone order that she called in 15 mins before she arrived and had to wait an extra 15 mins and leave w/o katsu sauce because Thomas was too lazy to get some more.
It doesn't make sense to replace the katsu sauce AFTER the customers left, which is what he did as we were leaving.
I frequented this establishment quite often on the weekends but never during the weekdays and will definitely think twice before I go there again - EVER.
Also - I was informed Stanley (the person above Thomas) would be out of town for the next 2 weeks for a conference - so I couldn't get in contact with him.
The number I was given to lodge a complaint: 480-274-2540 a number that doesn't have a recording to whom I was calling.
Overall - I have gone to Ono's for the past 7 years - when there was only one location in Scottsdale and am very disappointed to see how far Ono's has dropped as far as quality and customer service.
( I have pics and video on my mobile that was played for others to see the quality of the food and conditions of this restaurant...there is absolutely no exaggeration in this review.
)  SAVE YOUR MONEY - GO TO ANY OTHER RESTAURANT IN THIS PLAZA BESIDE ONO!

It took me more than 20 minutes to get my single to-go order at this location.
On a thursday night when there was hardly anyone there this was ridiculous.
The food was OK, I've had better Hawaiian BBQ in the valley for less money.
At almost ten dollars for the whole meal, it was not worth the money.
Fortunately they do have a smaller, less expensive portion that would fill most people up for lunch.

This was awful.
And now that we have been to Hawaii, it is even worse.
I have only been to Ono once before, many years ago in Scottsdale and don't remember it being this bad.
The service was horrible, the smell was foul, the food was gross.
Overall bad experience.

I hate to say that I frequent this place but I guess I kinda do...at least once or twice a month.
I like the food, the Katsu is yummy when it's not basically all fat (which it is more often then not) but i like to get the BBQ chicken meal with the delish macaroni salad most of the time.
Service can be slow.
If you are walking in plan to wait 20 mins on most days.
They will surprise you sometimes and have it out early.
Here is a tip: order ahead!
As far as customer service...ehh.
The employees are just..well...there.
I've never had one be overly nice to me by any means.
I have been in there and the cashier be down right rude but I don't go there for the friendliness, I go back for a yummy escape to the islands ;)

This place is horrible.
Chicken was rubber and rice was cold.
The restaurant itself was dirty as well.

Got off to a late start for diner so we went somewhere we could get stuff quick.
As we drove through the parking lot we saw this place.
They had banner that said 50% off with the purchase of a large drink.
For what it's worth 50% off should have been a clue...also for what it's worth I do know better but occasionally I do like to do something stupid.
Anyhow, I ordered the chicken katsu.
Rice was good...but rice isn't that hard to do if you have a decent rice cooker.
Mac salad was actually pretty good (a weird Hawaiian thing which after years of living in Hawaii I still don't fully get).
Now for the chicken.
On the one hand it wasn't bad.
On the other hand, it seemed to be more breading than chicken and in some places it had chicken fat (yuck).
At 50% off it was ok, but I'm real sure I wouldn't pay full price.
Two and a half stars wasn't a choice, but I might go with that.

Washed my own table.
All were dirty.
Food not that bad.

I agree with the reviews that indicate that the service here is not great.
It took probably 30 mins for me to get my food, and there were a large number of dirty tables around the place.
This was late on a Sunday afternoon, there were probably two or three other tables occupied when I arrived.
All that said, I liked the food.
The rice and macaroni salad were both very good.
The meats, while nothing special, were not bad and I liked their sauces.
I would not hesitate to stop by again.

Bad...just really bad!
Was excited to see something different other then "burgers and fries".
I thought, "Oooh, Hawaiian food, great!
Something different!
" I was so wrong.
First off the place was filthy and I had to wipe down my own table.
Staff was rude and obviously hated their jobs.
And the worst part ever and why I will not be going back, they do not properly clean the shrimp.
That to me is unforgivable.
I couldn't even eat the rest of my dish once I saw that.
If they don't clean the shrimp and devein it properly, what else do they not clean?!!
Never ever again!

NOTE: [Every time you read the word "Groupon", you have to take a shot.
]  I've been here several times, but haven't felt the need to write a review until tonight's experience.
Let me preface, that most everyone's dinner was 4 to 5 star.
Everyone raved about the panko fried fish.
The food was exceptional, except for the fried shrimp, which was overcooked.
Let take this step by step.
First, when my wife called, the woman who answered the phone was very rushed, and hung up on my wife as soon as she completed her order, but before she could ask a few questions.
OK, they're probably pretty busy, but they should know that they're going to turn off customers with poor service.
I rolled up with a $20 Groupon in hand, and the woman working the counter (who presumably was the same woman answering the phone) let me know, in no uncertain terms, that the Groupon deal was costing her money (now I'll assume that she is the owner).
She complained that patrons would tell her that the menu prices are too expensive, but that once the company offers a Groupon deal, the same people show up with a Groupon, and they usually have a line out the door.
Then she mentioned that the economy must be pretty bad for so many people to get in on the Groupon, and asked me where I acquired my Groupon deal.
I replied, "The internet".
Trying to make her feel a tad better about this losing proposition, I reminded her that the benefit of the Groupon was to bring in new clientele.
She said that the deal does bring in a lot of business, but that she lost money on all that business  I replied that the payoff would be return-business, and she said something to the effect of, "Yeah, most Groupon people don't come back.
What about you?
Am I going to get your return business?
"  My plea to the proprietors of this location would be: 1.
Don't complain to the customer about the promotional deal they show up with.
If you must complain, then complain to the people at corporate who entered into the Groupon deal.
NEVER complain to the customer.
Don't be rude to your customer.
I know if may be hard to hold your tongue, and you're probably really busy, and you're a little overwhelmed at the prospect of not getting compensated for your hard work, but you can pretty much ensure a customer wont return if you're rude to them.
I think this location serves great food, they just need to get their customer service in order.
I want to see this business thrive, because I like their product.
C'mon guys, don't ruin it with poor, preventable choices.

I went there for lunch with a coworker today.
I would give the food 4 stars, but the service brought it down to 3.
The cashier taking the orders looked like we were bothering her by being there.
I handed over my debit card, she ran it through, and the receipt printed.
What struck me as odd is that she took an imprint of my card.
I questioned her and she informed me "Corporate is making us do this.
There's been a lot of fraud.
" Personally, I would rather not have my card number printed on a piece of paper and changing who knows how many hands.
That's just me.
If I go back, I'll pay with cash.
I had the BBQ chicken and shrimp combo plate.
The food is good and I like their selection of sauces (teriyaki, katsu, soy, tartar, mustard, and sriracha) to kick up the flavor.

I was really excited to try this place out, but after my recent visit I wasn't a huge fan of the food.
It was greasy and not very appetizing.
Probably wont be back based on that experience.

May 2013  Cashier was friendly.
Prices were spot on!
Food was a little on the oily side.
:( We ordered bulkogi beef well done.
Food we received was still too pink.
We send it back to be cook to our liking and as how we ordered it.
We did not have any issue with the food being sent back.
The cashier followed up after.
Wait if or our food was a bit long ... 25 mins.
We get that it's being cooked to order so we did not mind waiting.
Will return again.

Let me start by saying that i love Hawaiian plate lunch but this was the worst service I have ever had.
35 minutes for fast food is not acceptable.
Also they were out of sauce.
Never again!!

This place was disappointing.
Ordered the shrimp and it was so overcooked that I could barely bite into it without cracking my teeth!
It was all batter and tasted horrible.
Also ordered the combo plate with chicken and ribs...also wasn't good.
Overcooked meat-almost burned.
I usually love Ono Hawaiin BBQ but definitely wont be back to this location.

I have been to this place recently.
I was highly disappointed.
The food took 30 minutes to get.
When we finally got our food it was cold.
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone in the Chandler area.

We got to the movie theater 40 minutes early thinking we would get a quick bite to eat.
We ended up getting into the theater 5 minutes after it started and getting the worse seats because if the wait time (there was maybe 7 people in the whole place btw).

When I'm home late from work, you can bet my husband got Ono's.
So it's my life saver.
My kids absolutely love it.
They always have some great deal like buy one get one free.
They love the Katsu chicken or the Korean BBQ short ribs.
It's so cheap and pretty healthy for you.
I don't know why anyone would pay same price for mcdonalds.

Good food and always large portions, enough to take some home as leftovers unless you're gluttonous like me :).
For meals that fall in to the $5-10 range, it's a very decent deal.
I have been to this place more than 3 dozen times and can say that the food has been relatively consistent and is usually good to very good.I believe there has been only one occasion in which the food was bland and not cooked well.
Having said that, and as many other reviewers have stated, expect to wait for your meal a while, even when you walk in and there are only a few people ahead of you.
90% of the time I go there, it takes anywhere from 10-25 minutes to get my meal.
One of the last visits I made to Ono Hawaiian BBQ, I waited over 30 minutes for my meal.
There was a couple, one guy and another couple with 2 small kids ahead of me.
I don't pretend to know why it usually takes so long, but do not consider this restaurant to be a "fast food joint" with respect to how quickly the food comes out.
Perhaps calling ahead would be wise if you can't stand the wait, but in my opinion, the food is pretty darn good and worth waiting for

I love this place so much to food is amazing and there are always large quantities of food.
It sometimes takes awhile for the food but it is still worth it

I don't know what happened to this place.
Service has become excruciatingly slow.
Stopped in yesterday at 5:30 and didn't get our food until 6:05.
The food is good but don't see going back here due to the lackluster service.

Everything that we've ordered has always been good here.
We especially love the Kalbi short ribs here.
The macaroni salad that comes on the side with most of the meals is really good here too.
Average price is about $10/person.

