"Sorry, we're all out of Spinach Dip.
"  Okay.
We'll get some wings then.
"Sorry, we don't have wings.
"  A sports bar without wings?
Nah, brah.

I was hoping this place would get better over time- get it?
Over-time?
Sadly it has not, but is passable as a sports bar and they do have a lot of TVs.
What else...  Did I already mention the TVs?

I like it!
My husband likes it!
.... We have had lunch here a couple of times before.
We are not even into sports....we come here for the food, friendly service and the fountain view.
Can only review the Cheesburgers because we always order them as we can't get enough of them.
The burger is always cooked to your exact liking and you choose the type of cheese you would prefer.
I love the swiss.
It is served with a generous serving of sweet potato fries or regular fries.
The salad is always fresh and the NY Cheesecake is delicious.
Today there was a beautiful breeze and it was not so warm so we sat on the patio and enjoyed the fountain view.

The bartender is sooo nice to me every time I go in... She charges me for 2 or 3 drinks, even though I have around 7 or 8.
Don't worry, I don't drive home.
The wings are too greasy for me, but the sandwiches are yummy.
I did order the steak that was on special, and it came out wrong.
But I do NOT go there for the food.
I like the tequila...

One of the best Blue Cheese Burgers I have every had.
Beer was cold, food was good and a great view of the fountain, what else could you ask for.
Plus lots of TVs.

We were out in Fountain Hills to play disc golf, and after we found the french cafe to be closed, we wandered to the nearest establishment.
I expected the usually sports pub fare, but was pleasantly surprised by the menu and quick service.
We had Artichoke Dip, and the Stuffed Portabella, and both were very yummy.
My boyfriend also got a juicy burger.
I really enjoyed my margaritas while the BF enjoyed his beer special he got when ordering a burger.
I would go back here again if ever in Fountain Hills!

