The Mesa Family YMCA is a great value.
I admit, big expensive fancy gyms turn me off -- I hate feeling like I'm walking into a Scottsdale Club when all I want to do is work out in my crappy workout clothes (seriously: I don't have enough money to waste it all on clothing that I wear to sweat in -- wtf?).
That's why I like the Y.
It's close to my office, so I often stop in after work.
They offer a lot of classes, and the yoga and kickboxing ones I've been to are very good.
I've also taken their water aerobics classes with one coworker -- everyone else was about 80.
It was awesome!
They just updated their weightlifting equipment and their exercise machines are OK. Basically, this gym has everything you NEED, without a lot of extras -- but that's ok with me.
Everyone is pretty friendly, too.
One downside is the neighborhood -- My car got broken into in their parking lot last year and I lost a TON of stuff, so beware!

No need to ask "Y".
ha!....but really- if you're looking for a place that has everything you need to get fit: nice facility, good machines, awesome free weight selection- all without any unnecessary pretense, this is the place.
They have Yoga lasses, ZUMBA- and that stuff too.
The staff is really helpful and well informed.
The whole "workout" area is lined with glass, from floor to ceiling.
It's nice to have an expansive outdoor view when you're on an elliptical for a half an hour.
You feel less like a hamster in a wheel.
Overall, it's an extremely comfortable, friendly place with a healthy community- focused agenda.

I have had a HORRIBLE experience with this location!
Last year my son signed up for Football and they ended up canceling due to not having enough children for the league.
That is fine, however, after wondering why I never received a refund I was told I had to go down and request a refund, garbage if you ask me, but I did.
I did this in MARCH, 2 months later I was wondering where my refund check was , after being told it could take 6 to 8 weeks.
I called up and after a second phone call, a week later I received a returned call.
They decided they could refund my CC over the phone for the fee and wanted to charge me for a JERSEY and Membership fee, after arguing I got both of those back as well.
However, mu initial $110 refund, that I was assured went through, Didn't!
Paul Harris, who was supposed to be handling it, was TOO stupid to do so and debited my account instead for $110.
When I found this out, I called them to let them know, Paul told me he realized that he did this in the morning and already processed through $220 refund.
First off, my acct is now short because my bank doesn't post it until MIDNIGHT!
Second off, instead of being HONEST and calling me to admit the mistake, Paul Harris tried to sneak around remake the deposit and HOPE I would never find out.
The staff at this location is completely rude, unprofessional and incompetent!

This place is great for a variety of reasons.
Whether you are coming here to jump on the treadmill, play some ball, or hit the weights, its always an enjoyment.
There's nearly NEVER a wait for any equipment and its constantly cleaned by the staff.
If you are a regular, the trainers know you and will chit chat about this or that if you engage.
Its pretty much "Gawker" free for all you self conscious ladies, and the classes hold a LOT of people.
a LOT is stressed!
Check it out and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
You'll probably see me there if you do!!

