This place is the best BBQ I have had so far in the valley.
The menu has something for everyone everyone, pulled chicken, pork, fish, burgers, brats, hot links, even veggie burgers.
And so many wonderful sides, all homemade, baked beans, red beans and rice, mac n' cheese, cornbread, black eyed peas and more!
They have fresh squeezed lemonade, too.
And the BBQ sauce, available in mild and spicy, is good enough to drink!
The staff is super friendly, always plenty of room to sit or take your order to go.
This place is a gem with it's heavenly elixir of BBQ.

Worst BBQ ever!
Bland, flavorless and over priced (see below).
We were hoping that this place would be a knock out considering it's just but the house.. to our disappointment this place is horrible.. took a few bites and the pork tasted so old that we tossed the rest in the trash.
Whats funny is that the guys working saw us throw the meat out but didn't ask what the problem was.. ah well.. the lemonade here was awesome though.. some of the best lemonade Ive had in ages!
I'm actually surprised that this place isn't out of business yet as its always empty.. a real shame.. we were SO excited when we first saw the banner go up.. maybe they can turn it around before its to late though I'm afraid to go back.
When I say over priced I mean when you order 15 bucks of food then throw it in the trash because it tastes old, then leave hungry, well don't you think thats over priced?

BBQ is not something I grew up with.
In my old neck of the woods something like Goulash, Wiener Schnitzel or Apfelstrudel  are the more traditional favorites I am accustomed to.
Having been in the US for quite a while naturally I have become to love Barbecue however by all means I am no BBQ-Expert.
The recent Scottsdale BBQ Co-Experience was the direct result of a business lunch invite.
So I really did not pay attention to the price/value aspect.
I got to try the Chicken, Pork and Beef accompanied by what I deem a mild and moderately spicy barbecue sauce.
Personally I liked the pulled pork the best, as a close second follows the BBQ ribs and the Chicken.
The Pork and Chicken was moist and tender.
The ribs did not quite fall of the bone but at the same time tender enough to manage keeping the barbecue sauce of my shirt.
Cornbread is not amongst my favorite (perhaps KFC got something to do with it), however Scottsdale BBQ Co's version of Cornbread was great and now I am getting the concept.
It almost had a moist, cake-like texture with whole kernels, sweet, yet it had a hint of spiciness .
On a side note, the selection of iced tea was a pleasant surprise.
There was traditional iced tea, mango-flavored green tea, southern sweet tea and a pretty darn good lemonade.
Struck by ice cream store syndrome I decided to make an "Arnold-Palmer-Suicide".
Shockingly tasty and refreshing.
If you decide to give Scottsdale BBQ Co a try then it wouldn't hurt to bring your bib.
This was definitely not the last time I had barbecue there...

Recently I stopped here to grab a salad for lunch.
I had the chicken caesar salad and it was so good that I almost called to tell them.
The salad was cold, the chicken was warm, thinly grated parmesan cheese.
Delicious!
It was so large that I had it for two meals.
The staff is super friendly.
The restaurant was very clean and open.
You can tell these guys are trying really hard to make this a great restaurant.
They're in an iffy, alright - it's not iffy - it's a crappy plaza that was supposed to be remodeled over a year ago but their little corner looks great.
Great iced tea and free wifi!
I'll have to try the lemonade next time.
The lemonade is fabulous and it looks like a great place to watch a football game with the indoor area and outdoor patio.

Would have never found this place without direction from a co-worker.
McDonald & Granite Reef isn't an area I often frequent.
Pros:   -Staff was friendly and helpful and offered suggestions.
-Sandwich was pretty huge and stacked with the thick cut sliced sirloin.
-The spicy BBQ sauce was awesome.
I'd bathe in it if I could.
Enough heat to clear the sinuses a bit, but not obnoxiously so.
-They cater  Cons: -A bit on the pricey end.
$5-7 for sandwiches, then you add sides & drinks.
-Something a bit off about the mac & cheese.
Had a flavor I couldn't quite place.
I'd definitely go back here for lunch.

Stopped by for lunch today and had a big problem deciding what to get.
As I was waiting in line to order, I think I saw them bring out just about everything on the menu and it all looked good.
I ended up having a barbecued bratwurst and a side of brisket with green beans.
I'm hard pressed to tell you which was better.
They were all great.
The owner is very attentive and checked on us a couple of times to see how everything was.
If you like BBQ, you are not going to go wrong here.

Fall-off-the-bone ribs are delicious, but sauce seems a bit too added-on rather than cooked-in.
Plastic utensils detract; it's not an airline trip.
Excellent Soups!
Friendly owners.

I am very happy that this restaurant is in my neighborhood.
I have tried everything on the menu and have not had a bad meal yet.
The sauces are great although I am partial to the spicy sauce myself.
The service here is outstanding as well, clearly a family owned establishment and you are treated as family when you walk through the door.
An added bonus for this place is that there is free wi-fi on the patio, so bring your laptop and get some work done at lunch as well.
Just a suggestion.

My husband wanted gelato, so we decided to check out the newly remodeled Bashas' in the same plaza.
After perusing the aisles unsuccessfully trying to decide what to have for dinner, we settled on Italian take-out, but then it turned to Oriental Garden, and somehow we ended up with BBQ.
It is Memorial Day after all.
First time here, and for $21 we got a sampler than included 1/2 lb each of pork, chicken, and beef with 3 sides and cornbread.
Here's the lowdown on our experience.
-Chicken was very dry and I didn't care for the flavor at all.
Of course, smothered in sauce, it was better.
-Beef was sliced thin and reminded me more of a deli-style meat than a BBQ.
It wasn't bad, just not what I wanted.
-Pork was the best, but I've still had better.
Not smoky or flavorful enough on its own.
-I liked both the mild and the spicy sauces luckily.
-Cole slaw-I've never been a cole slaw fan, but I liked it.
My husband who dislikes almost any cole slaw except KFC liked it as well.
-Potato salad-Although it needed salt, it was okay.
I liked that it was NOT sweet or swimming in mayo.
I think it would be better with the potatoes peeled, since they use a standard russet and the skins were tough.
-Baked beans-I really liked these as they were not in some thick disgustingly sweet syrup.
-Corn bread-Delicious with whole kernel corn and rosemary, I believe.
Overall, I would go back since close to home, but I'll stick with the pork..with the sauce and a salt shaker nearby.
And next time, I won't have gelato first so I can try their cobbler if it's available!

I love this place!
We have ordered the pork and chicken and both were delicious.
Sauce is great, love their baked beans.

I just ate here for the second time and both times it was really, really good.
The pulled pork sandwich with the spicy barbecue is the best I've had in AZ.
Its really big and the pork is cooked perfectly.
The spicy barbecue sauce has just enough heat as to notice it without overshadowing the star which is the Pork.
The buns they use are great too.
The mac & cheese is out of this world.
I think they put garlic in the cheese sauce and the macaroni is slightly al dente which gives it a great texture.
They call thier ribs the best in AZ and they might be right.
Fall off the bone with a stellar dry rub.
Have to get the cobbler also.
This is great  Kansas City BBQ.
Definitely up there with the best BBQ in the Phoenix area.
I hope these people make it as they are churning out some top-notch barbecue that is hard to find in this city.
The girls who run the counter are really nice and give you a little sass, which I like.
Its in an odd corner of a strip mall so I think its taken some time for people to notice its even there but I think the word is getting out finally.
Try this place.
You won't regret it.

If you are one that requires large amounts of everything, this is your spot!
We ordered the family combo for two - which could really be considered the family combo for three or four.
For $20, we got 1/2 rack of baby back ribs, 1/2 lb of pulled chicken (could also choose pork or beef), two servings of yummy corn bread,  two plentiful side dishes, plus your choice of deserts.
The ribs were left on the grill a little long -they were black on one end and pretty fatty.
My husband says that besides the quality of the meat, the actual BBQ sauce is the measure of a good BBQ restaurant, and this one did not wow him.
The pulled chicken was a little cold by the time it was served, and came with sides of BBQ sauce for dipping.
It was smokey and still moist, but not amazing.
The potato salad had undercooked potatoes in it, but the Caesar was yummy, except that the lettuce was cheap - they use the big leafy greens and not crisp baby romaine.
I loved the corn bread - it was sweet w/ corn and peppers in it and served perfectly warm.
We were so full from all this food that we took our dessert to go - a huge brick size portion of yummy apple cobbler.
For drinks, your choices are iced tea, iced tea II, ice tea III or tart lemonade.
They had bottles of coke and other sodas, but no sprite.
(this meant nothing for my 4 year old but water.
)  The restaurant itself had a strange atmosphere.
You order at the counter, but it's not clear when you walk in that this is what you are supposed to do.
The tables had plastic checkered table cloths, and were all kind of dirty - drops of dried BBQ sauce on most of them.
This was a two person run restaurant - one in the front on the register and one in the back making everything.
I have been notified since I wrote this review that the restaurant took my comments into consideration and is improving on them.
Do give them a try.

I went there last night with the wife after finding out her favorite BBQ place closed.
I have to say I was very impressed.
The portions were huge, the prices very reasonable.
And more importantly the food was great.
I was very impressed.
Even my wife who is the pickiest eater I have EVER met loved the place.
They claim to have the best ribs in AZ, and I believe it.
We will be going back there for sure.

Delicious, fall off the bone ribs with a top-notch sauce; you can taste the love.
Everything else is secondary but I might mention that the potato salad etc.
could make due with a bit more flavor.
Still, Fred is a fantastic guy who takes pride in what he serves and knows how to treat a customer.
Great spot for carry out or a casual, quick bite.
Order on-site and grab a beer next door at the Tallyho Bar.
Enjoy!

Not bad, but not great, and it's great barbecue that keeps you coming back.
The folks running the place seem really nice but this Texan thinks they need to spend some time learning the fundamentals: seasoning, smoking, and char.
Had the pork sandwich (lots of meat but bland), baked beans (again good portion size and okay but not remarkable) and the cornbread (pretty good).
Go for 32oz drinks and the friendly atmosphere but don't expect BBQ greatness...

Sorry to say this next-door BBQ spot is lacking...
I have tried it three times now... each time I find myself wondering why I am here again.
The decor is just plain sad... something between a fast food taco shop and a dollar store.
The service is SLOW!!!
REALLY SLOW!!!
Popped by here for the last time on Saturday night with my kids.
Two half-racks of over-cooked ribs and three mac and cheese orders with a can of diet coke set us back over $40.
Which I would have gladly paid at Joe's, Waldo's, or even Famous Dave's.
To be fair - on my first visit and (when they still seemed to care) my pulled pork sandwich was decent.
I really wanted this place to do well since I can walk here, but alas it seems they are barely hanging on and cutting corners.

I was super stoked when I realized there was a BBQ joint close to my office... too bad it's just "OK".
I couldn't really tell the difference in taste or looks between the pulled pork and the brisket.
Seriously.
It was weird.
The spicy BBQ sauce is garbage and literally looks and tastes like Ketchup with hot sauce added.
Bunk.
The Lemonade was, surprisingly, very watery and bland.
The side of beans was OK, nothing special.
Next!

I was recently introduced to Scottsdale BBQ Co by fellow Yelpers who Know Their Food.
As I enjoyed my juicy burger that day, I knew two things to be true: 1) this place would make a great lunch spot for my perpetually hungry co-workers (guys like BBQ, what can I say?
), and 2) I could not die happy without trying the tri tip sirloin sandwich.
So, back at the office I warned everyone to break out their "big stretchy pants" and get ready for a field trip to Fantastic BBQ Land.
We piled in on a Friday ready to EAT.
Right off, everyone appreciated the down-home, no-frills feel, complete with a loud screen door, gingham tablecloths and the specials listed out on a chalkboard.
After chatting with the owner (who is super cool, by the way) we all ended up with either tri-tip sirloin or pulled pork sandwiches, all with the most amazing spicy BBQ sauce you will ever taste.
I had the sirloin tri-tip I had been thinking about since my last visit.
So worth waiting for!
Huge - I couldn't finish it (and I really, really tried).
My side, of course, was mac n cheese which I promptly decorated with Tabasco.
Mac n cheese o' fire!
Others had baked beans, potato salad, mac n cheese sans tabasco (silly boys, afraid of the burn...), and caesar salad.
The caesar looked especially good, with nice slivers of parmesan gracing the top.
I stole a few.
Ok, more than a few...   All in all, everyone walked out happy (and ready for a nap!).
It was a messy, good, 6-napkin per person experience.

I originally wanted to try Bobby Q but wimped out after calculating the drive time.
I decided to try this place since it was closer and I'm glad that I did.
I stopped by in the middle of the afternoon on a Saturday and there were only a few other people dining in.
I grabbed a pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw to go.
It was a ton of food, I've made two meals out of it and probably have one more meal left that I won't be able to finish before I leave Phoenix.
The pork was pretty good, I always think a sign of good bbq is the type that doesn't really *need* sauce.
This didn't really need sauce but I really liked theirs so I went ahead and added it.
My cole slaw was nice and light and fresh, not super sweet like a lot of places make it.
The guy working there was really friendly and was chatting with everyone about different bbq places we'd tried around the US.
I'd recommend giving them a try!

Scottsdale BBQ Company was our last stop in Scottsdale on the way out of town.
We were driving to the airport when someone decided to look up a decent place for a late lunch.
Scottsdale BBQ Company showed up in our Yelp search, and we decided to stop.
It was a warm Tuesday afternoon, about 4 pm, so naturally we had the run of the place.
Aside from women heading to the tanning salon and teenagers revving their engines in the parking lot, the entire strip mall was empty.
We ordered the food at the counter inside and chose to seat outside.
The outside seating area is a bit depressing, but it does remind you of the good ol' down home cookin'.
The plastic tables with ratty checkered tablecloths clamped by old binder clips - you can't make that stuff up.
Sitting on a plastic chair in the back of strip mall and watching a dog poop right in front of us (the owner did apologize) - what could be more authentic than that?
I ordered their lunch special - 3 sliders (pork, brisket and chicken).
It didn't come with any sides, but I decided to pay $1.65 apiece for Caesar salad and mac 'n' cheese.
I also asked for a Diet Coke, which turned out to be a can with a cup of ice.
BBQ takes time, so we were prepared to wait.
Approximately 7 minutes passed, and two young ladies (the owners' daughters (?
)) brought our food.
My salad was OK, and so was my mac 'n' cheese.
For $1.65, I thought both were a good value.
The sliders were piled high with meat; however, they were not impressive.
Pulled pork was tender and flavorful, but the brisket was dry as a bone.
It was quite obviously overcooked and looked almost stale.
It was dark and had a rough, chewy texture.
No, thanks.
The chicken was pretty bland, although it was mostly white meat.
I went back inside for another Diet Coke and their dessert du jour, the peach cobbler.
The cobbler had way too much cloves (allspice?
something else?
) in the filling, but the crust was really good.
I spent $18 on the sliders, sides, 2 cans of soda and a cobbler.
It's a lot of food and a lot of calories, but I wouldn't call it a cheap meal.
Speaking of calories, we burned a lot of them trying to put back the top on our rental Jeep Wrangler in the parking lot.
Q: How many college educated baseball fans does it take to put the top back on the Wrangler?
A: 5, even if they have an owner's manual, but still have no idea what the heck they're doing.

Found Scottsdale BBQ via Yelp!
(no surprise there) ... another good find, I will be back if in the area.
Scottsdale BBQ is in the back (SE) corner of a strip mall shopping center, as such the ambiance is challenging, it was perfect for lunch - kindof like a good picnic location as they looked to have a pretty good patio space, but it was a windy day so we didn't use it - for dinner it would either be super casual, or take out, but would do either if it fit the occasion!
The BBQ lunch was good and tasty, good size sandwiches with quality meat and tasty tangy BBQ sauce.
It did seem to take a while to get served, especially with less than a handful of other patrons, so definitely not fast food - but good food!
Not assembly line food.
I would recommend - and I will be back!

I would recommend you get down to Scottsdale BBQ for some downscale, down-home, downright delicious BBQ and southern cooking.
If Yelp had a rating system that allowed a higher degree of detail than single stars I would put them at about 3.5 but I rounded up based on the value for your money here.
I shared a family platter,  $22.95 or so, with my family.
A full slab of ribs, 1/2 pound of pulled chicken, two sides and dessert.
The ribs were yummy as was the potato salad and the mandarin side salad.
I had an extra side of red beans and rice which were ok, not quite as good as the other dishes.
We finished with peach cobbler.
Outstanding!
Before we ordered it we inquired if it was made from canned peaches or fresh.
They make it from fresh peaches which they marinate on site.
Great cobbler.
I would come back just for that.
The portion sizes on the sides and desserts is very generous so keep that in mind when you order.

Good solid BBQ.
i has a half slab of ribs, and they were very good.
Sauce was not overpowering and meat was very tender.
Mac and cheese was to die for.
so rich and creamy I didn't finish it.

With very few decent BBQ choices left in Northern Scottsdale, this one seems like it's going to be the default for me.
It's not exceptional in any way, but not really bad either.
Last time in, I had the pulled pork sandwich with spicy sauce, and mac and cheese for the side.
The pork was tender and juicy by itself, but didn't have a lot of flavor alone, which is of course what the sauce is for.
The spicy sauce didn't quite taste like BBQ sauce that I'm used to - not really sure what it was, but it was okay.
I think if I go back, I'll try the mild sauce to see if maybe that's more traditional.
The portion was pretty good sized - no complaints about that.
There was something a little strange with the mac and cheese.
I can't quite place it, but it just didn't taste like mac and cheese should.
It wasn't really bad, but I think I'd go with cornbread next time.
Overall, I'd say it's worth going to if you're in the area looking for a quick barbecue fix, but definitely not the best around.

I had the pulled chicken on the white kaiser roll w/ corn bread and baked beans...  Let me say the good first...
I am *very* picky about baked beans & I LOVED these.
The black beans & (I think) pieces of brat were amazing & the flavor and spicing were phenomenal.
Also, I had the regular bbq sauce & I tasted a bit of the hot sauce my boyfriend ordered and loved them as well...  Now, the bad...
The chicken was very bland...
I'm assuming boiled b/c of the blandness in flavor & the fact that there was so much liquid on the chicken that one half of the bottom half of my kaiser roll was soaked so badly I couldn't pick it up.
I had to cut it in half so I could pick up the less soggy side for eating like a sandwich & the other half I didn't even bother with the bottom of the bun (ate it with a fork while taking bites of the top half).
The cornbread would have been fine if it weren't for the red peppers and corn bits...
I'll admit to not being a fan of red peppers, but the corn had a really odd texture to it (like maybe they used cheap cream corn in the mix?
It kept getting stuck in the tops of my teeth).
So...
If you want great baked beans & bbq sauce, it's the way to go...
The boyfriend ordered hotlinks & he seemed to like them fine...
He also got the red beans & rice which he took one bite of & tossed the rest...
The only thing we took home from all our leftovers were the baked beans.

So we (husband, daughter, me) have been coming here for a few years.
Never disappointed.
Yum bbq.
Don't go expecting fancy; go to let your hair down, watch some sports on one of two flat screens, have a beer and awesome bbq.
You'll end up feeling like part of the family--that loves Scottsdale BBQ!!
Sandwiches are ginormous.
My husband and I always split one and get two sides.

I LOVE the spicy BBQ sauce!!!
It's awesome!
I've had the pork and beef sandwiches...yummy!
I've tasted the tri-tip...good.
The side madarin orange salad is good enough and their cornbread is good, also.
Plus, I love their flavored non-sweetened, iced tea!
Only complaint?
It's HOT in here every single time I have gone.
Need to drop the temp by at least 10 degrees!

Found this spot thanks to Yelp.
Went for lunch on a Friday for the first time.
Walking in, a great odor of BBQ welcomes you.
The decor is pretty down home and relaxed, it's total Mom & Pop, so if you require corporate clutter like TGIF, Applebees, etc.
you will be disappointed.
I don't go out to eat so I can pretend to be an interior designer, I go for the food, so I don't care about decor, especially when it comes to casual dining.
At Scottsdale BBQ, you order at the counter, and your food is brought to you.
I was greeted by a friendly employee who was very warm and knowledgeable about their offerings.
The girl recommended the sirloin tri-tip sandwich, which I ordered, along with potato salad.
The food was brought to the table, and my buddy and I dug in.
The sandwich was delicious, the meat very tender and flavorful, served on a really good, crispy roll.
The BBQ sauce was delicious and hit the spot.
The potato salad was good, I think the portion was a little tight, but still good.
Overall, the food was great, but I have to say, for a casual restaurant, the service out shined even the good food.
It was so refreshing to go to a casual spot, and be greeted warmly, and have service that really was comfortable and sincere.
It's great to see an employee clearly proud of the food they offer, and after eating she checked in to see what we thought of the food.
Well done Scottsdale BBQ, I look forward to coming back.

This place is so good.
Their hot bbq sauce is amazing.
The chicken sandwich is the perfect canvas for the masterpice that is their sauce.
I just had their wings and they are also awesome.
They are so different than your normal wings.
I highly recommend this place!

I hit Scottsdale BBQ last night for dinner.
The location is tucked away in the corner of the shopping center.
The menu is pretty normal with a bunch of meat options and sides.
I went with the pulled pork sandwich and 2 sides.
The sandwich was very good.
The meat wasn't greasy, had no fat and really enjoyed the BBQ.
I wish I had another sandwich when I was done.
My wife had the bbq chicken sandwich and a side.
She though the chicken was nicely prepared and tasted great.
Why you ask is my rating so low?
The reason is simple, the sides and dessert were subpar!
I ordered mac and cheese and black eye peas.
The mac and cheese was the best of the 3 dishes, but that isn't saying much.
There wasn't any real cheese flavor.
The black eyed peas were way too soupy.
My wife ordered the potato salad and was very bland.
We weren't a fan of the chunks of egg in the potato salad, bad touch.
The apple cobbler also had little to be desired.
The apples were dry and doused with cinnamon.
The cobbler itself was super dry and  just not very good.
Our food came out within 10 minutes of order.
Overall, I'd go back for the meat options.
I'll see if the other sides are better, If not, time to look for other options

If you love bbq, Scottsdale BBQ Co is a must.
The lunch specials are all phenomenal and are priced very reasonably.
Whether you go with the savory Meat Trio Sliders, the delicious French Dip, the succulent Rib Tips, or the fantastic Hot Pastrami the point is: you cannot go wrong.
The Tri Tip is also excellent and, while not a lunch special, is definitely worthy as well.
When it comes to the sides it is no contest, go with the Green Beans all the way.
The Potato Salad is also very good but in all honesty, nothing compares to the Green Beans.
I have not partaken yet, but my coworkers all rave about the various Chili as well.
And before you leave, make sure you top off your visit with the Peach Cobbler.
You won't regret it.
I've never been much of a fan, but it is so good it turned me into a fan!

I've been here are quite a few times because it's close to where I work.
I'm not a huge BBQ fan, but will have an occasional craving for it here and there.
I usually get the pulled pork or rib tips when I do crave it.
The sauce here is yummy.
You can order just the meat, or the meat on a sandwich a la cart or with one or two sides.
I think most plates with two sides fall just under $10, unless youre getting a rack of ribs or something which usually costs more everywhere.
I'm usually good with one side, and it always has to be mac & cheese.
I looooveee mac & cheese and there's is pretty good.
For other times, I opt for the burger or the brats.
They are juicy and flavorful.
I know, you wouldn't think to come to a BBQ place for a burger or brats, but if you find yourself here and is not really feelin for BBQ (like if a friend really wants BBQ but you don't) they are good options for you to have.
Also, check out the menu board with daily specials which are usually worthwhile and very inexpensive.
Oh and their green tea is also very good.

Scottsdale BBQ Co - I won't be repeating this visit.
I saw some good reviews here on Yelp and I was excited for another BBQ option near my work.
Friends had been here a little while back and said it was good.
Upon arrival they commented that things had changed and perhaps it was new ownership.
I don't know when they last visited this place and it may have been a while ago.
Two of us ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac and cheese ($7.50) and our third order a brat with a side of cole slaw.
While it was about 85 out when we visited it wasn't really cooler inside; in fact, it was bit stifling so we chose to sit outside on their small patio.
Only one table was set up to accommodate three people so we took that one but had to clear the full ashtray off of it and the copy of New Times.
(Maybe it is the employee smoke break table?
)  The table itself was filthy.
Loose tobacco on the vinyl table cloth and the distinct feel of dirt when leaning on the table.
The table cloths were held to the metal tables with binder clips - and each clip had a ring of aged dirt buildup around it.
Our food took about fifteen minutes to arrive, which in my opinion is about an eternity in the BBQ world as most is prepared though perhaps they grilled the brat to order - that could have been the time delay.
Pulled pork on wheat - great wheat bun, almost an artisanal flavor and texture.
The pork itself was watery and it dripped out a lot of water when I picked up the sandwich.
In fact, the drained water was enough that I could not set my sandwich down in the basket lest the bun soak up that water.
The pork was not anything special, nor was the spicy sauce.
The mac and cheese side was not flavorful either.
I was hoping for a sharp cheese bite but I got nothing.
I didn't finish my side.
The brat and sauerkraut were well received and enjoyed immensely by my friend.
He sent back the cole slaw as it apparently tasted "off".
I didn't try it and verify.
I like the fact that they brew the iced tea and offer plain, sweetened and green tea options.
Service was very friendly and when we sent back the cole slaw they offered to bring another side or refund the cost of the slaw.
Great service there, and they did a nice job of offering utensils, clearing the table, etc.
There are certainly some well meaning, friendly operators here but for me there were way too many negatives for me to want to repeat.

Good food!
STAFF IS VERY FRIENDLY AND ACCOMMODATING

Cheap and decent bbq, worth going back to...

Good food, generous portions and friendly service.
A great neighborhood drop-in spot or take out.
It's not just great ribs, the sandwiches (BBQ and more), salads and soups are all fresh and all good!
The proprieter Fred will make sure your food meets your expectations.
Try it - you'll like it!

The tempurature must have been 90 degrees in there.
I don't think they had any A/C.
Waited an 2 hours for our complete order.
People that ordered after us got food before us.
The atmosphere of the place is what really got to me.
Sure, it has some TVs...but the tables and floors were dirty and gross.
The food was O.K.
but  way overpriced and smelled disgusting!
We didnt even get one of our mac n' cheeses!
Usually I like BBQ, but this place was not worth it.
Sorry Scottsdale BBQ, I would NOT recommend to a friend.

Don't understand the bad reviews.
I grew up about an hour from Memphis and have eaten BBQ all my life.
Lived in SF for nearly a decade and couldn't ever find any BBQ that was close to satisfying.
With that said, this BBQ is very flavorful.
Had the pull pork and tried the rack of ribs with brother.
Both were outstanding.
Get the spicy sauce and enjoy.
I went on the weekend and the service was slow.
However, I wasn't in a hurry.
The decor is shabby at best but this is a BBQ joint.
I've never gone for BBQ hoping for great atmosphere.
Came on here expecting to find great reviews.
Really surprised to find so many people don't like it.
Competes well with BBQ in the Memphis area.

The ribs are tender and the sauce is tasty, but skimpy.
The mac and cheese was disappointing....it wasn't more than Kraft Mac & Cheese.
The ribs weren't smoky enough for me, but they were tasty.
Overall not bad.
I probably won't go back.

Best Spicy Steak Chili ever!
The Owners are friendly and cheerful.
The Ribs are delicious.
Spicy sauce is the way to go.
If chicken is your thing then you will enjoy the chicken here, moist and tasty!
I used to work a mile from this place, when I did I would visit once a week.

Yummy yummy mac and cheese!
And the people here are super sweet :)

Great food, great service.
The only downside is the place is a little warm inside.
They claim the best ribs in AZ, and I believe it.
Very good place.

I just ate here and had the best BBQ pork sandwich!
I also had the Mac and cheese.
For a sandwich side and drink it's about 9 bucks but it'd worth it.
They have about 4 beers on tap and plenty of other drinks.You got to Check the place out!

Was hoping to cater an event from here, but after sampling the food am looking elsewhere.
Managers are pleasant but their food has no flavor.
Satisfied Frog is ten times better.

Its cute and quaint.
Nice personnel.
I ordered pulled pork sandwich with spicy sauce and a side of mac and cheese, as suggested from my fellow yelpers, and I was a happy camper!
Full, but happy!
The pulled pork sandwhich is HUGE and loaded with tender, flavorful pulled pork.
The mac and cheese was good,not great, and next time I'll try the beans as suggested by the nice young man at the counter.
I'm going back, soon, to try the ribs, and will update then, but this place is a winner!

Is this heaven?.....No, it's Scottsdale BBQ Co.  $1 PBR's, yes please.
Fantastic decor, yes I will.
This place makes me want to grow a moustache.
My roomate and I had a pulled pork sandwich and 4 beers each for $24.
If you don't like this place, you aren't my friend.
You can find me there every Sunday watching Nascar with Scott.
All in all, this place defines what it is to be an American.

Great BBQ!!
Best in Scottsdale.
Dinning area mimics your standard BBQ joint, nothing fancy but good food.

This place wasn't just disappointing, it was terrible!
First of all, it was very dirty.
The light fixtures were covered in grime.
I ordered a rack of ribs and some sides, and then I sat......for close to a half an hour, even though there was only one other customer in the place and that table was done eating.
I kept hearing the microwave oven ding and the door open and close and I thought, uh oh......that's a bad sign.
And it was.
The ribs appeared to have been steamed, there was no smoke ring, and no flavor.
And the spicy sauce has way too much Cumin in it....Bleccch.
The only side I remember was a mac and cheese you could get at Boston Market.
I am stymied how this place has gotten so many favorable reviews.....

In good conscience, I need to update my review.
Nothing extraordinary happened, but I don't think this place is a true 4-star kind of place.
Today, I had the tri-tip sandwich with a side of beans, and both were average.
I'll still go back to try the ribs...maybe...

As I read some of these reviews I can relate.
As Alex and Michael stated the food is SOOO bland and I wonder why I keep going back.
It is always hot in there and the tables outside are always dirty.
(Like others said as well) Sara B. Im warning you, dont go back to try them you will regret it  HAHA!
I really, really wanted to love this place.
Its so close to my condo & not much else around there.
I have been prob 4 or 5 times for food, trying new things and probably 20 because the sweet tea WAS amazing in the hot summer.
Now they changed that and its not that great and its half the size as before.
The other day we ordered carry-out grilled chx breast plain with bbq on the side with cole slaw, burger well with mac and cheese and two sweet teas.
Things have changed, but its still bad, now worse.
My husband grew up in Virgina Beach/NC and knows southern food.
Unfortunately this place has never got it right, which I so desperately wanted to love it I gave it WAY more chances, than normally I would.
The lady told me give me 15-20 minutes.
About 15 minutes later my husband is walking out the door and my phone rings.
I said "Wait" thats the BBQ place.
I answer, she tells me, We've had some construction and I cant find the Chx Breasts.
WHAT?
Are you serious?LOL It took you 15 minutes to call me and say that and how do you "lose" food?
Anywho I ended up ordering white shredded chx sandwich.
She said 10 minutes.
He sat around and then went up to pick it up.
When he got their the guy told him, he was sorry for the call and they just had a huge order come in that cleaned them out of Chx.
Breasts.
WHAT are you serious?
That is not what the lady told me, its like just be honest ppl!
Then we get our food.
I stg the Cole Slaw tastes like Miracle Whip and pepper or something.
SOOO bland.
The Mac and Cheese is so bland, I felt like I was eating Macaroni with a light cheese paste.
It was bad.
The sandwich was slimy and so gross I almost threw up.
I put it back in the box and in the bag.
My husband had 3 bites of the hamburger and felt sick.
He NEVER complains about restaurants.
He said to me, Why do we keep going here?
Its always the same and terrible!
I had no answer...
I called the restaurant back to let her know how horrible this food was and we both felt sick, and she goes "Well what do you want" I said WHAT I just wanted to let you know.
She said "Do you want another order?
" I said no way.
I am sick to my stomach and so is my husband.
She was soooo rude to me.
I said Listen I thought you would want to know.
She said "Bring the food back up and I will give you a refund.
" I was going to and had it all boxed up, but I just didnt have time to get back up there.
Its not like thats what I want to do on my Sunday afternoon.
I had WAY to much to do.I will NEVER be back and I will NEVER tell anyone to try it.
I saw a GROUPON for there before, DON'T DO IT.
Not worth it.
Dont try it!
My neighbors in the condos said the same thing recently when chatting with them.
The guy ( I think he owns it) that is always there is super cool.
There are a couple females that always seem like they are in a bad mood for some reason.
Trust me, its not cheap and its not good.
Not worth it!

GREAT BBQ joint!!!
Very hard to find, it's tucked away in the back corner of a shopping center but so amazingly tasty it's worth the few extra minutes it'll take you to find it.
Great lunch or early dinner spot to quench your BBQ craving!
I had the BBQ Beef Sandwich and my bf had the ribs.
Both of us were incredibly pleased.
Plus, the side dishes are a hearty helping so you can share :)  Very casual setting .... and it's a Steelers joint!
The owner went to school in Pittsburgh so my boyfriend was hooked the second we saw the Steelers flag hanging from the wall ;)

It was a lazy Sunday afternoon on a beautiful summer weekend.
The weather was fabulous and perfect for driving with the windows and the sunroof open.
We were heading up to the very north end of the valley to visit some friends and offered to bring some dinner.
Of course, they agreed and so we began the search for a BBQ place that was on the way.
Did you know that a lot of BBQ places in the north valley have really bizarre hours?
Like only open for a few hours a day and some not at all on Sunday?
I won't name names, but I will say we finally settled on Scottsdale BBQ company for this reason combined with their existing Yelp reviews.
We had some time to kill, so rather than order takeaway ahead of time, we decided to experience the ambiance of this tiny shop off of McDonald Road.
It is a bit hard to find, tucked away in the back corner of a nondescript shopping mall, hiding right next to a bar.
Walking in, we noticed lots of sports-related posters - race car guys, football guys, baseball guys and cheerleaders :-).
You order at a counter that has a bar attached.
The dining room is small, filled with tables and chairs and on this lazy afternoon, it was pretty empty.
We decided on the Family meal for 4 which gives you some options.
We chose a rack of baby-backs, a pound of pulled chicken, green beans, Mac and Cheese, and it came with cornbread and the dessert of the day, two portions of a peach cobbler.
They bill themselves as a southern-style BBQ and the sides certainly reflect that, with other options of greens and black-eyed peas, as well as Baked beans, potato salad or slaw.
The BBQ items are fairly standard, Tri-tip, Pulled Pork or Chicken, BBQ Beef, Brats, Hot Links and Wings.
Interestingly, no Brisket.
Our dinner came with an option of spicy or sweet BBQ sauce, the sweet was typically sweet, with hints of ketchup and molasses, brown sugar and spices.
The spicy was a bit sharper, with some hotness and definitely my preferred flavor.
The ribs were tender and glazed, flavorful, but dry.
The chicken was slightly smoky and had good flavor and moistness.
The Green Beans tasted a bit vinegary, the mac and cheese was bland, and the cornbread was just ok.
I suppose it would have all been better if we had eaten it fresh, instead of waiting 40 minutes or so.
The down side was that we were only given about an ounce of the spicy BBQ sauce which was not nearly enough.
I tried the cobbler and all I can say is, I've had better.
Pricing for all this was about normal, around $10 per person.
The highlight  of our visit came when a man at the bar asked for another beer, mentioning draft Pabst Blue Ribbon for $1.
Well, I'm not really a fan of PBR, but who can turn down a one dollar draft?
Not me.
And to top it off, they served it in the proper glass.
That, my friends earns them another star.
While I was not overly impressed with the takeaway, I do think I need to come in for some more of those PBR's and wash them down with hot links.
Also, the wife says the iced tea was awesome.

Great BBQ.
I lived in one of the BBQ Meccas for 10 years, Kansas city and this is good.
Had ribs, fall off bone delish good flavoring.
Also had pulled pork, mine is better but this is very good.
Liked the beans and the sauces.
The only draw back the slaw.
No flavor, no hints of vinegar seasonings or even cream, like Corky's famous slaw from Memphis.
Just a thought it was just too dry for me.

I like the folks and the food.
Atmosphere could use a little upgrade but all in all I would go back.
They were out of corn :(

We went there again a few weeks ago.
I just wanted to write and say that the first review I did still stands, this place hasn't declined.
Two good experiences.
I am satisfied!

I love this place.
The decor inside isn't great or anything, but it's a barbecue place, so I don't think it really matters.
I get the pulled pork sandwich.
Very tender and flavorful.
They are BIG sandwiches, sometimes I can't finish it all.
Sometimes pulled pork can have a weird flavor to me, but this place gets it right!
The potato salad is really good too.
I wish they had fountain soda.
The first time I got a coke.
They give you a FULL cup of ice and pour a can of coke over it.
Umm...at least don't fill the whole thing with ice.
The coke was either expired and went flat or the ice completely watered it down because it didn't taste good.
I just get the lemonade now and that's good.
Service is quick and friendly.

Wow.
Am I reading the reviews right?
Are we even going to the same place?
Went a few weeks ago to this joint on a Thursday night, and the place was dead.
Football was on and there was 2 guys waiting for to go food.
Not a bad sign that the food was decent.
Girlfriend had the pulled chicken, and I had the tri-tip.
Both sandwiches were severely lacking in any and every way.
To be honest, didn't even taste like BBQ.
No smoky flavor, and the food wasn't even really hot.
Meat was not tender and it just seemed like a poor attempt at BBQ.
I tasted both meats without the "BBQ" sauces and they both were lacking in flavor.
I even tried a staple, the Mac and cheese as a side.
This had absolutely NO FLAVOR.
It seemed like they melted a few slices of value brand cheese on top of some macaroni shells.
I couldn't even eat it.
The pulled chicken was so bad that my girlfriend took a few bites and couldn't eat it.
As far as their sauces, they were extremely watery and didn't have a good taste to them.
For what it's worth, I have worked in restaurants for over 5 years and in the restaurant industry for over 10.
Currently I work at a corporate office for a restaurant chain, so I don't want to say I'm an expert or anything, but I have a decent idea of what food is supposed to be and when something lacks in flavor.
To be honest, it feels like this place seemed like it should be featured on "Restaurant Impossible".
The decor is a mish-mosh of oddball photos, pictures, knick knacks and dust.
Not that I was expecting that much from a restaurant in this complex.
Hell, I don't care that much as long as you have good food.
A perfect example is Mrs. White's Golden Rule.
(Seriously awesome southern food downtown thats a real hole in the wall).
You'd figure at the least this place would have a soda machine...but no.
We decided water was the best option.
They did have a water cooler that you'd find in an office that distributed water, but we both thought that was kind of odd.
(Does that even pass food code?
)  All in all, I don't think I'll be trying this place again in the near future.
This is really disappointing since I live within walking distance.
My girlfriend won't even walk foot into this place.

Trying the ribs here was supposed to be our office bonding experience.
And it was!
First, we bonded over skepticism about the food we got as takeaway.
The ribs were fatty, the pulled chicken was flavorless, the beef was... odd.
The only win was the cornbread, which wasn't too sweet and had peppers in it.
The peach cobbler was proclaimed "gross" by my colleagues with such vehemence that I didn't even try it.
Second, we bonded over a lively discussion of our symptoms in the subsequent days, as we (and none of our families or friends) enjoyed nausea, chills, severe stomach cramping, joint aches, and intestines that did not work as they usually ought.
It was intense.
Nothing forges that immediate sense of intimacy with a coworker like a good barfing story.
So while a large takeaway order from Ribshack probably did more for corporate bonding than a pricey workshop out in the woods with rope bridges and such, our unanimous decision is never to eat there again.

We came in expecting something simple and left happy and full!
The ribs here are fantastic: not too fatty (always a worry) and seasoned perfectly!
The server was friendly and always willing to assist, making you feel comfortable no matter what actions necessary to do so.
The garlic mac 'n cheese was tasty as anything, the greens were yummy, and the cobbler was great.
Will definitely return if I'm on that side of Phoenix again.

Mixed feelings about this place.
My family is from TX so i love me some good dry rub bbq.
When I asked the lady if their bbq was dry rub, she said yes.
Yay!
She recommended the 2 person combo since it was a great deal.
You could upgrade to a whole rack of ribs and for $9 more, you got 1/2 lb of meat (beef, pork or chicken), 2 sides, 2 pieces of cornbread, and a dessert.
My friend and i were game.
She started to ask us questions, one being, did we want the ribs mild or spicy.
She then explained that we should get it mild b/c the mild bbq sauce is already on there and he spicy is already at the tables for us to add.
WAIT A MINUTE, I thought she told me it was a DRY RUB BBQ??!!!
That means NO sauce.
She siad it was baked on.
Huh?
Wha?
Did I miss a step here?
Ok, let's try it out....  Well, she was right, there was BBQ sauce BAKED onto the ribs so it wasn't sopping in sauce.
Um, that still doesn't count.
The saving grace was that the ribs were super tender.
But strangely enough, they didn't taste bbqd.
Maybe I was already stuck on the baked part but they sure didn't taste like it went on the grill or smoker or bbq.
The mac and cheese was not too bad.
The greens were super mushy.
The skillet cronbread was really yummy.
For the 1/2 lb meat, she let us get half beef and half pork.
honestly I would skip both.
Or see if they give you more ribs or another kind of meat.
If you come here, I recommend the ribs and the cornbread.
Skip the beef and pulled pork.
Can ANYONE tell me where I can find good dry rub bbq here in Phoenix??!

I've had better BBQ from Famous Dave's.
I don't recommend and would suggest driving the extra distance to go somewhere else.

Upon walking in you feel like you are at a flea market restaurant with hodge podge tables and chairs and no air conditioning.
The menu was on a chalk board, and the sodas were canned.
Don't get me wrong, all of these things can be OK, and even be a draw to the restaurant, but only if the food can back it.
Overall, this food did not back it.
I had the pulled pork sandwich.
The meat was good, but the bun seemed as though it had just been pulled from the bag it was bought at walk mart in.
Now, there is one thing about this restaurant I enjoyed.
The spicy BBQ sauce is out of this world!
I covered my sandwich in that and was set!
My final verdict is that if you seriously want BBQ and there is nowhere else around to get some, this place will work, however for the money, you could go elsewhere and get a higher quality in a more comfortable setting.

My boyfriend and I recently went here for dinner expecting great things from what other reviewers had said.
We split the dinner for two which consisted of a full rack of ribs, 1/2 lb.
of pork, Caesar salad, Mac and cheese and corn bread.
The first star goes to the prices.
It was under $30 for the whole meal!
Not to mention they have draft beers for only $2!
The only part of the food I was impressed with was the ribs and spicy BBQ sauce.
Everything else severely lacked seasoning and the pork was very dry.
The ice tea coolers looked as though it had been sitting out for days and tasted moldy and stale.
Only great thing about the experience was that we got a free half rack of ribs because the waitress said the ones originally served were too small...not too impressed overall.

This place is for white trash and just a pigsty!!!!
Walked in...completely filthy, saw owner walk out (who also is the cook)in basketball shorts and swear dripping off his face serving food to the customers.
So I was skeptical of course then I thought maybe I shouldn't be so critical.
Ordered food to go cause I just couldn't eat there.
Food: it's NOT BBQ!!!!
Ribs- they are not even smoked but I think they boil them first then pour slop sauce over them.
They immediately fell off the bone which is a poor indication on cooking process and meat was brown and mushy.
Rib tips- well that's what they call them which were just little nuggets of super dry meat.
Pulled pork- no flavor and again tasted boiled.
Red beans & rice- only think edible really.
Coleslaw- typical grocery store quality.
Dessert- 6 inch toll house flattened over cooked crap.
Felt like I was walking into a place in Podunk Tennessee.
I guess it's a great for people who have poor taste in food and think Appleby's is high end.
I have no idea how health dept doesn't  shut this sewer down.
The worst excuse for "BBQ" what a waste.

We came on a Groupon, sort of the brand-new mentality.
Try something new and see what you get.
My friend was craving meat so here we are.
I was very pleasantly surprised and would definitely come back for full price.
We shared the first-person meal, which included a half-rack of ribs and half pound of pulled meat.
We got the chicken and an extra order of pulled pork to make up the cost of the groupon.
The ribs were all-out-the-bone tasty.
The chicken was straight-up flavorless.
I had to drown it in bbq sauce but my friend really liked it.
The pulled pork was EXCELLENT and will be my first stop next time, no sauce even required.
For sides we had coleslaw (ok), potato salad (quite nice) and cornbread (just enough honey to make it sweet but not overly so).
The meal came with dessert and we opted for the pizza cookie.
At first I thought it was overcooked and not that great but... it disappeared quickly and I was sad when it was gone.
A definite try and the servers were all very nice.

we went here for lunch on a living social deal.
Had 1/2 slab ribs, 1/2 lb.
pork, 1/2 lb.
beef, jumbo sides of beans and potato salad, cornbread, a pitcher of beer and the cookie with ice cream.
Everything was excellent, flavorful, and as good as it gets.
This is one of the best bbq places we've been to in the valley.
You can't go wrong....stop by and eat!

I have had some bad bbq in the valley but this one takes the cake.
The fact that we were the only car in the lot should have gave it away.
Save yourself and just skip this place.
Trust me.

I will admit.
I'm a small business superfan.
I love kitchy, family owned restaurants.
The quainter the better.
This place at first glance was just that.
This place has been so many things over the years I lost track.
After seeing another yelper check in here last night and my mother asking if I've ever visited it... hubs and I decided to give it a shot.
Memories of the old Sammy Bs that used to be here flooded back.
Loved the silly decor ranging from a pig statue in an apron to chili pepper curtains closing off the kitchen.
My first thought was how amazing it smelled in here.
Hubs and I both got pulled pork sandwiches with Macncheese and potato salad (for the sake of reviews I hate when we order the same thing!!
)   First the pulled pork was VERY good but very very wet and runny.
We ended up eating our sandwiches with a fork and pulling paper out of our mouths from the basket paper sticking to it.
But overall.
Amazing flavor.
The potato salad was good but WAY over peppered.
Black pepper was almost all I could taste.
The Macncheese was good.
Nothing life changing but good    WEIRD music choice... Frank Sanatra, The Doors, Kenny G, The Red Hot Chili peppers...
I felt like I had music ADD.
Also, I think they either have swamp coolers or no AC cause I was totally pitting by the end of supper lol   Overall, it's so close to home I'm sure we will be back.
I want to try their soups and deserts next time

Thanks to Groupon, we found this joint.
We dropped in here twice to give it a shot.
After browsing the menu, I got super excited...they have Tri-Tip on the menu!!
Growing up in So Cal, BBQ Tri-Tip can be found everywhere in Cali...but is difficult to find anywhere else....so this got me going.
The menu was full of items we wanted to try, so we decided to pig out and order:  Tri-Tip Sandwich, $7 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=Jgn7JZ3ziA6OBsPoItZ2iQ#Jgn7JZ3ziA6OBsPoItZ2iQ  Pulled Pork Sandwich, $5.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=cylqtkEZkpXEsZbc3-HMVA#cylqtkEZkpXEsZbc3-HMVA  1/2 Rack of Ribs, $12.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=KF-twY_w1ZCAQ99uyYs5qw#KF-twY_w1ZCAQ99uyYs5qw  Hot Links Sandwich, $4.00 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=67EY5EuVp1j_lr97QhsL0w#67EY5EuVp1j_lr97QhsL0w  BBQ Beef Sandwich, $5.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=8pDmW_0c8qGWVi_7oLA2oQ#8pDmW_0c8qGWVi_7oLA2oQ  Mac n Cheese, $1.65 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=3eMvoA5p-VWPXwtxS1Zeog#3eMvoA5p-VWPXwtxS1Zeog  Slaw, $1.65 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=Ff16sZ5g-n_i6wBAC9x00A#Ff16sZ5g-n_i6wBAC9x00A  Red Beans & Rice, $1.65 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=YIsvjBrObW4DeKkHQ-Fq9A#YIsvjBrObW4DeKkHQ-Fq9A  BBQ Baked Beans, $1.65 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=J3KZogUplw7uUYNz_cP3Fw#J3KZogUplw7uUYNz_cP3Fw  We sat at a table and waited for our food.
At the table, you have 3 BBQ Sauces available.....Mild, Spicy, and Carolina Vinegar.
My favorite of the 3 was the Carolina Vinegar....tasted much better and spicier than the other 2. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ribshack-bbq-scottsdale?select=cRU649rlaIr_VsD-Vl_faw#cRU649rlaIr_VsD-Vl_faw  The first thing I tried was the Tri-Tip....I dressed it with Hot Sauce and took a bite....it was underwhelming, just ok.  With every bite, I was hoping that more flavor would jump out at me....but alas, I was disappointed.
The Meat was also a bit dry....bummer.
Next I tried some of The Better Half's sandwich that she ordered....the Pulled Pork Sandwich.
I took a bite and was also underwhelmed.
The BBQ Beef Sandwich had a little more flavor but was average at best.
The Hot Links tasted ok, they were spicy....however, it was served on a regular Hot Dog Bun....not much to it.
Ok, how about the sides?
I tried a bite from each of them....the Mac 'n Cheese tasted *meh*....like the boxed Velveeta Cheese from the store.
The Red Beans & Rice was not like what I was hoping for (New Orleans Style)....this one was very dry and had a ton of Tomatoes in it....the RBR I've had in New Orleans is much more wet and I don't recall this much Tomato in it.
The best side was the Slaw & Baked Beans....those were actually very good and our favorite out of the 4 sides.
We only ate 2 bites out of the RBR and 1/2 of the Mac 'n Cheese.
Last to try was the Ribs...it had to be good, right?
Wrong....that was dry too....damn!
Even dousing the Ribs with Sauce didn't help too much....they fell off the bone, like they're supposed to, but the meat was dry as jerky.
Maybe that's their style of BBQ?
I don't know, but it wasn't good for us.
I really really wanted to like this place....it had so much potential when I looked at the menu....but I left disappointed.
Oh well, the search for good BBQ continues.
Return Factor - 10%

Not quite sure when this place changed hands, but it did not do so for the better.
All of the character has been painted over with Barney Purple paint to match the purple table cloths that have plastic over them to protect from spills.
The menu is pretty much the same as it used to be in terms of items.
I can't say the same about the quality.
I don't know the last time I went into a BBQ place that microwaved my meal!
I couldn't believe it.
As I was paying I saw 3 separate dishes coming out of 1 of their 2 commercial microwaves.
I guess I wouldn't have been so offended if the side of mac and cheese that I had ordered with my sandwich had actually been in one of them long enough to have been hot.
All and all, it is unfortunate to say, I am going to have to cross this place off my list of places to go for the time being.
Oh and if you have a Groupon from last several weeks, might as well recycle it.
There is a big notice on one of their chalkboards that they are not accepting Groupons (at least they say please).

Poor oyster appetizer, but two great main courses, short ribs and coconut  shrimp.
Terrible selection of beers--No craft brews.
Excellent Service.

