In general, all of Sakana's sushi are very fresh, and are well prepared.
Especially the daily specials.
If you do visit any of the 4 locations in town, try at least one of their specials.
Now for the Superstition's location, there are only two chefs here, and are both very experienced and fun to talk to.
it is VERY laid back compared to other locations, and is well suitable for just yourself at the bar.
So if you've been to other Sakanas, then think of the same food, but much much laid back environment.
If you are in this side of the town for any reason, visit them and say hi to Dai and Jun with one of their daily specials in front of you.

I've actually not been to any of the other locaitons, but the Sakana in Mesa is fabulous.
Their sushi is always fresh, their portions are insane, and their daily specials are YUMMY.
I'm sort of a regular there, I guess, but more of a carry-out regular than anything else.
The owner calls me by my name and knows what kind of beer I want while I wait for my carry out order.
This place is one of the few things I'll miss about moving away from E. Mesa...

I only ordered one item for takeout today....it was the crunchy eel roll, and it was amazing.
Came with 6 Rolls and a side of eel sauce..just over 8 dollars....not a great price...but the flavors were well worth it!
When I walked in, I was greeted with overwhelming hellos and friendly faces!
This place has a great atmosphere and I will definitely be going back, many many times!

Giant rolls that are 95% rice and imitation crab is not good sushi.
Update:  returned and had a much better experience.
Sat at the bar and was happy with more of the nigiri.
Its sushi in the east valley what do you expect.

After a long absence from the local dining scene I finally got to out and enjoy one of my favorate foods.
Sushi.
A friend had just graduated and a couple of us took her to dinner.
Since we were close, I suggested Sakana.
I had wanted to try it but was wary of franchised restaurants.
The Mesa location was a little small, but the staff made up for it.
I thought they were very friendly and the wait for the sushi was average.
I was pleasantly surprised at the taste and quality of the fish and rolls.
I am quite picky when it comes to sushi.
The prices in this restaurant were middle of the road, but the staff and the fish made it a good value.
Just like another shot of sake, another visit will be a  foregone conclusion.

Sushi is very fresh and service is very quick and friendly even on a busy Friday night.

This by far is the BEST Sushi place!
From experience, every where we went for sushi there will always something that was made different or not tasting very good.
At Sakana's everything was GREAT!.
Their happy hour is Sunday through Thursdays all day.
Granted, on the happy hour menu instead of 8 pieces on a roll you get only 5 rolls.
Dont let that dissapoint you too much, The rolls are big.
Price is a little more then what we would pay at RA or Kona for happy hour but it is all worth it.
Definately will be going back and we will bring friends!

Great sushi and always fresh.
I eat sushi regularly and consider my self very luck to have found this place.
The are make accommodations such as no rice  and turn rolls into hand roll.
Some of the best sushi I have had since moving out west.
Highly recommend it!

The sushi here is very good.
Throughout the valley the sakana's are pretty good.
Have great happy hour and lunch specials.
They do have very good quality sashimi but I really like this place for the orange slices that follow dinner!
The wait staff is doesn't show up after you shove a roll in your mouth but they do keep an eye on you and never let your glass run empty.
Small comfortable location but nothing fancy.

This is the first sushi restaurant I've been to and I'm pretty sure it has completely spoiled me for sushi.
It's absolutely delicious.
Everything is.
It's well-priced, the sushi looks beautiful and tastes fresh, and there are little touches like the delicious oranges they bring out after dinner.
I've been there twice now and look forward to going again.

I frequent the Mesa location as often as budgetary possible.
^Great Sushi, ^Comfortable dinning area with outdoor patio, ^Super cute waitresses, and very reasonably priced.
I recommend the Cajun hot roll, and the Jalapeno boats!

Sakana in Mesa is my favorite restaurant ever!
Why, not only is the sushi so fresh and amazing, the staff is what makes me want to return again and again.
Dai is always there serving up his artwork displayed in his sushi, Nan is always happy to greet her guests, they are like family!
The house smoked salmon is fantastic, its all fantastic.
If you can, sit at the bar and let Dai serve you!

I tried the chicken katsu and my husband had the chicken teriyaki.
Both were good.
The California rolls were good and so were the spring rolls.
Its a smaller place that has good food but space is limited here.
The only thing that I didn't like is the waitress did not check up after we ordered everything we were ordering.
I had to flag someone down after getting our food.
The service is friendly but if being a waitress is your job then ask me if  how my food is or if I need anything else!
Not too much to ask.. Lol

I guess I'm spoiled - I'm from the northern California coast where sushi means fresh fish.
This tastes more like frozen and thawed out fish.
It was, ok. We went on a night when you can get smaller rolls for a deal, but most of their rolls are remakes of themselves.
Lots of tempura stuff and spicy tuna was not at all spicy, bummer.
I'll go back because it's right down the street, but I'll try completely different rolls next time.

We had Calamari tempura, Boston roll, crunchy eel roll and Asian vodka.
All were excellent!
Service was great (and fast!
), staff was very friendly.
You are greeted in Japanese when you come in, and some the special plates & drinks are displayed at the door.
Although the place is small (can only seat about 50), there were 2 places we could sit when we got there about 7:30 pm on Sat.
We didn't need to wait at all.
We'll definitely be back.
I want to try their Happy Hour.
The menu has many creative items, and authentic complimentary items are a nice touch.
I would have liked to see a more extensive list of sushi rolls, but that's moot considering the extensive menu as a whole.

The lunch specials here are pretty great , which is awesome since I work less than 5 minutes away!
The service has always been good also, even during the lunchtime rush.
Prices are average and the fish quality is far superior to any other sushi place that I've been to in Mesa.
The inside is a bit small, but luckily this spot is still a bit of an undiscovered treasure so it's never too crowded.

Great Place.
The guys behind the Sushi Bar are so friendly.
The food is good, the best thing is the happy hour the prices are unbeatable for what you get.
Last night we had two rolls, yellow fin, appetizer, and large beer for 15 buck.
I love Sushi Eye, but this is as good, and a lot closer to my house.

This place is always bustling, but they have never let us feel forgotten.
The chefs are very cordial and if you have a non menu request they are happy to oblige.
The food is good.
I have eaten Sushi in cities on the West East, and Mexican coasts and this is comparable.
I understand that this is the desert and how can it be fresh..... um Airplanes?
Defiantly worth a try if you have never.
These guys are far beyond RAW and Blue Wassabi and for half the price.

I was in the mood to find a new sushi joint when I came across this restaurant that had almost to good to be true reviews.
So I decided to give it a shot  having complete faith in these five star ratings.
To my dismay I was very disappointed.
The restaurant is very small and our table was to close to the other customers.
They had pop music playing so loudly that I couldn't have a conversation with my girlfriend who was sitting right next to me.
I asked the waitress to turn the music down which she kindly did do.
The salmon nigiri was warm and of poor quality.
The rainbow roll was falling apart due to it not being properly wrapped completely and the filling was gross.
The spicy tuna was all but "spicy" it was bland and also warm.
The edamame  was not cooked thoroughly and was chewy and raw tasting.
The omelet sushi was way to big and it didn't taste right.
The fried stuffed jalapeno halves were alright but I've had better .The complimentary noodles in some clear sauce was awful and the orange desert was sour and I couldn't eat it.
The only thing I can say that was good here was the waitress.
I will not be returning to this establishment and I would not recommend this place to anyone.
I feel that these "five star reviews" are staff members pretending to be customers.

I am a big sushi fan and have tried many many sushi places in various parts of the valley.
Hands down, Sakana is the best.
My favorite roll is the Salmon Bomber which I order every time.
I like the sashimi there also because it is served on a bed of ice and it just melts in your mouth like butter.
My son likes to eat at the sushi bar because they give you an extra little treat (a crab appetizer) and you can see the TV.
I have eaten at all 3 locations - Mesa, Scottsdale, and Ahwatukee - and my favorite is the Mesa location.
Even though they are the same restaurant, believe it or not, the rolls differ from location to location.
Friday and Saturday nights you can wait up to 20 minutes for a table because the actual restaurant size is so small, but sooo worth the wait if you want exceptional sushi!

YUM!!!!!!
This was a birthday dinner with my BFF.
We thought we'd give it a try because of the great ratings here on Yelp.
I was not disappointed!
I got there a little early and the staff was very friendly making sure I was OK until my friend arrived.
We ordered several rolls to try and each one was better than the last.
They were so yummy, I took one home to my hubby who enjoyed it as much as we did.
I will definitely be back next time I get a sushi craving.

4.5 to be exact.
My co-worker took me here because he swore that it was awesome.
And yes it was!
The bento boxes are filled with delicious and abundant salad, rice, meat... the sushi rolls are generous and fresh.
Clean tables, friendly, and on top of it all, not a horrid fishy stench from anywhere to gross me out.
Now that I think about it, I think I'm due for another visit!
Mmmmm...mmm!

I love this place.
I never have a bad anything here.
I know there are other locations, but this one is by far the best.
Everyone is so friendly and the food is amazing every single time.
I go about once a month on average and the entire staff greets me like I was just there yesterday.
You cannot beat the price anywhere else and they have my favorite saki.

After visiting this hip little place, I ran away.
The sashimi was great but the slices were so big you literally had to cut them down to bit size pieces.
The rolls didn't even stay together & they were golf ball size in diameter.
To add insult, I didn't even get everything I ordered.
I will never go back and I have no clue why everyone is giving them such high reviews.

Amazing!!!
Best sushi, best service!
They just need to open up the outside patio.

Great service !!!
Food was good, not spectacular, but very good.
They had some crative rolls and a few really good appetizers.
Cool little spot that kinda hides in a non descript spot , I will certainly be back if I get a chance before leaving town

i normally go for there 10$ lunch special it includes 6 pieces of sushi a 8 piece roll and a halved jalapeno pepper stuffed miso soup and salad plenty of food the place is clean and great service

In terms of quality at good happy hour prices, I give Sakana 4 stars.
It is not the best sushi I have ever had, however I go here frequently with girl friends for happy hour because the sushi is good and we can get out of there full under $30 each, including beer and/or saki.
I recommend trying the flavored wine, it is surprisingly tasty.
The service is always good and I am always greeted with a smile.
At my last visit, the manager thought we hadn't left a tip and came outside to ask up if there was a problem with our server so that she could make sure that we were satisfied.
This place definitely cares whether or not you enjoyed your dining experience.

This is a top sushi joint?
Really?
I had kinda forgotten what less than medicocre sushi tastes like.
Most conveyor belt places serve more flavorful sushi.
First of all, what's with the mayo on everything?
Rule of thumb: if it has mayonnaise or tomatoes, or if it's cooked and lacks an exotic name like ankimo, it's probably not real sushi.
My tekkamaki had a funny color and sour taste to it and for goodness sake, why can't they call it tekkamaki?.
The scallop sushi was not very sweet.
The softshell crab roll was greasy and without texture, not to mention the white mayo-laden crab salad that accompanied it...shudder!
This place averages 4+ stars on Yelp.
You're kidding, right?
You people must not get our that much.
Whats the criteria for a 3?
It stays in your stomach?

Just found this place a few months ago.
It's pretty neat.
Trendy and casual all at the same time.
They play good music and have great specials,.
Buy one 22oz Kirin and get an appetizer for $.99!
Crazy, I know!
The best part .
the Sushi is pretty good too.
Great place to go, especially if you are work on getting your "Sushi-Sensei" badge.
:-)

Yummy lunch specials!

Get the lobster dynamite!!!
It's the bomb!

I usually take my wifey here for lunch during the week days about 1-3 times a month.
Their set lunch never dissapoint.
try the Sakana lunch or chicken midori, awesome taste and freshness.

This is a sushi place with a funny twist.
Never have I been in a sushi restaurant and heard 80's hair band music blaring from the speakers, but I must admit I kind of liked it.
Who doesn't love a little Ratt while throwing down a vegas roll??
It's small and quaint and I come here about once a month for lunch.
The lunch specials are priced well and you get ALOT of food for the price.
The service is usually very good, although this last time they made an error on my friends order and we were there waiting for over an hour which made us late for work.
But that is not the norm.
They are typically very attentive and the food is always very fresh.
I would go back again, and I do.
I'd like to try the happy hour, as they advertise $.50 appetizers???
WOW!

I would love to give this place stellar reviews because the food stands up but the service doesnt cut it.
The first few times I thought maybe they had new people or they were short staffed, but after 10 times you would think they could get their crap together and be on top of things.
There is one waitress who cannot get orders right to save her life, every time we have an issue if she is our waitress.
Our most recent situation occured three days ago.
We ordered 4 rolls between 4 people.
Two rolls came out promptly, 25 minutes goes by, the third roll comes out, but it isnt what we asked for, we didnt say anything and ate it anyways.
After an HOUR since the first two rolls came out  we ask if the 4th roll was almost finished and we were told the kitchen lost the order.
At this point it was nearly 9 so we asked them to forget the 4th roll and asked for the check.
My mom left with an empty stomach since she was holding out for her shrimp tempura that never arrived.
I was not impressed, we usually drive out of our way to go here because the sushi is that good but at this point Im not sure we will be going back.

Sakana may not be the best sushi in the valley, but I've been coming here for many years because it's absolutely the best value.
Dining in is the way to go with Sakana.
They have a very reasonably priced "customer appreciation" menu with over a dozen maki rolls.
I always get the one vegetarian roll on the menu called the Jungle Roll.
It's tempura veggies and avocado, all for $3.75.
That plus some seaweed salad or agedashi tofu, and I'm set.
I went recently with my neighbors, and four of us ate off that menu for $38.
Lunch specials are awesome!
My husband always gets the Sakana lunch.
It varies from location to location, but it usually consists of a california roll (8 pieces), 6 pieces of nigiri, squid salad, and some other goodies.
Plus, it comes with soup and salad, all for $10.
Two normal people could split it, but my very large, very hungry man gets totally full eating it on his own.
My husband's Japanese bandmates used to turn their noses up at Sakana calling it "too American," but when they saw how much food could be gotten for so little, they changed their tune.

This is my favorite sushi place for sure.
The food is amazing and the prices are better.
Everyone I tell about this place is an instant fan.

Delicious!
Great prices and friendly staff.
I would recommend this place.

Been going to Sakana Sushi, the one in Ahwatuckee for many, many, many years.
But we were out on Power Road last week so wifey and I decided to drop in and try this location.
It was OK.  Service was a little slow and sushi choices were very limited.
There did not have any special sushi ingredients.
The sushi guy said that sometimes on weekends they have some special things -- like on the coming weekend, he said they would have blue fin.
And there weren't many lunch specials.
Although the food was OK, we were not impressed.
And they did not have the big bottles of Asahi beer --- WTH?
So I had to drink the small bottles.
Then I noticed a small placard that said with every small Kirin beer, we could get one appetizer for 99 cents.
Why didn't the waitress mention this when I was ordering and inquiring about beer?
Even though I am not a Kirin (imported kind; the domestic Kirin in Japan is excellent) beer fan, I would have drank that for the 99 cents appetizers.
When Sakana was first opened in Ahwatuckee by Sawai-san, it was more traditional and had more authentic Japanese dishes, including sushi items.
But you cannot blame them -- they have to cater to the taste of the majority of customers and they have migrated to be an Americanized Japanese eatery.
Still searching a more authentic Japanese restaurant and sushiya, but I guess I have to continue to go to LA for that.
But again, the food was not bad and I would here again in a pinch.

Great sushi, fresh!
and wonderful salads.

We're new to the area and were in search of a good sushi place close by.
We were very happy with our choice as we found rolls that were yummy & filling and a staff who was attentive and friendly.
Will come back again soon.

Love sakana!
they are always friendly and the sushi is always consistently delicious!

this establishment has a good 10$ lunch special with pleanty of varity in the bento they offer, service is usually good polite and efiencent the only thing that makes me crazy is the crappy usually too loud caned pop music they play.....

This place has some awesome sushi.
Had dinner there last night.
I love everything they serve, and I've been here on about 10 different occassions.
(They serve Pepsi as well!!!
) The reason I did not give them 5 stars is because as mentioned previously, the service is not the best...and I sat at the bar last night.
I had to pull the hostess over to get a refill in my Pepsi.
Secondly, not a huge selection of Sushi.
They do serve everything I like, but they could open it up a bit.

The best time to come here for lunch is around 2:20 cause they close at 3 til 5 for menu change.
Its never busy then, and its a great time to sit with the chefs and have some great eats.

This is one of our fav sushi/sashimi spots.
If you sit at the bar they give you lots of freebies - a small asian pasta, miso soup and our FAVORITE a crab salad.
They always have specials and the people are there to happily greet you.
We can also always get right in which is a huge plus.
Also, if you like sports, there is a TV you can watch at the bar.

Excellent sushi at a fair price.
Sakana is a nice clean place with very helpful staff.
There are always interesting special rolls and such that are on display as you walk in, but are sometimes not on the menu.
It's worth walking back to take a look again before ordering.
Some of the non-sushi food is quite good as well.
Great salads.

Went yesterday for lunch.
They did not have any special sushi ingredients.
Manager said that they sometimes have some good stuff that comes in on Friday for the weekend but by mid-week, it is all gone.
And even that stuff is really not the special, good, traditional stuff.
But, they have to do what their customers want.
So we ordered lunch items.
Seabass katsu, Tonkatsu, and calamari salad.
Still good, and the prices are reasonable for lunch.
No negatives here.
I think this place is very good for lunch.
I believe this location is the smallest location of all the Sakana's, but comfortable.
I was surprised that they were not crowded yesterday.
I recommend this place for lunch.
Three stars is not bad.
My rating style is four stars is pretty way up there.
Very rare for me to give five stars -- A five star restaurant must have superior food, ambience, service, and the PV ratio has to be excellent.
So with three stars, this place is good.

Wonderful, fresh sushi and friendly staff.
We went on a Friday evening, and although there was a waiting list for the dining room, the bar still had open seats.
The ahi ahi roll was my favorite, my husband raved about the salmon sashimi.
We look forward to going back.

Sushi here is great!
I went with 2 other friends and they liked it as well.
They had some great specials that we really enjoyed.
Our bill was not every expensive for all of the food that we got.
Also our service was great, i never had to wait for our waitress to fill up our drinks they were always on top of it.
If you are looking for a spicy roll; we got the Salmon Bomber it was VERY spicy but delicious.
I defiantly recommend this one if you are looking for something with some kick to it.
We will defiantly be returning customers!

After always paying at least $10 for sushi rolls in LA, I was mind blown by the price for the quantity at Sakana.
Quality was also not bad either.
The tuna wasn't as fresh as the  tuna in Little Tokyo of Los Angeles of course, but the taste was still there.
The complementary soba definitely pleased my bf and the free edamame when you check in on yelp was also a nice touch.
Everything on the menu seemed so spicy though !
The bento box (special combo?
) was so large a party of 2 or 3 could've shared it.
For dessert, a cutely cut orange.
Overall, a decent sushi joint that won't break the bank.

Great food

Great service

I go this particular sushi place at least a few times a month.
The sushi is super fresh, the staff is very friendly and the prices are very reasonable.
I usually order sushi rolls or the ever changing specials that they offer.
I have ordered Udon and chicken for the kids and everything we have ordered has been really good.
The sushi rolls are HUGE and we always wind up ordering too much.
My favorite thing about this place is to sit at the bar and let the sushi chefs create something for me.
They ask what I like and then create me an awesome sushi roll that never disappoints.
Best part is that my hubby and I can leave stuffed for under $30!
Try that at RA!

LOVE THIS PLACE!
I am so bummed I found out about it so late.
They have amazing lunch specials.
I always get their sushi special for lunch and can barely finish it.
Their meals come with free miso soup too.
This sushi special comes with fresh nigiri, California rolls, tempura, and a salad.
Their nigiri is super fresh and the portions are generous.
The fish is never smelly and it melts in your mouth and never tough.
One of the pieces comes with this roasted garlic and it is mouth watering.
If you check in on yelp you get a huge serving of edamame for free :) This is all around $9!

I came here on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't too busy.
The service was very slow but the food was delicious.
It was disappointing to have our orders come out a random.
Everyone was done eating before my sister got her sushi.
It was explained to us that they were short staffed which is understandable.
The prices were fair and they had a good variety.
We will probably be going back.

Love the salmon bomber - spicy and unique!
The blue j (tuna roll) and crunchy california roll with baked scallops were also very tasty.
Skip the dessert, though - not that great and kind of pricey.

Best sushi ever!
And great wait staff.
Doesn't get any better.

LOVE sakana.
One of the best places for sashimi in town!
Nothing beats the salmon sashimi here.
The rolls are mediocre with a few exceptions, but the quality of the fish makes up for it.

I really really wanted to like this place.
Its right next to where I live and within walking distance.
Dream come true right?
Sushi within a rocks throw.
Nope, not for me.
Gonna have to keep searching for good sushi in my new neighborhood.

Sakana is my go to place for sushi.
No matter what you order, you can be sure the fish is fresh and delicious.
And I mean fresh.
Nigiri are prepared with a large slice of fish.
If you sit at the bar you get a complimentary appetizer.
Specials are always interesting, including some nice baked sushi dishes.
Service is fast and friendly.
My daughter and I love to eat here for a girls night treat!

Simply the best!!
I couldn't find better sushi in Japan and I've been to Japan many times.

This was a good sushi place for the price (went for lunch specials).
I was apprehensive about getting raw fish in AZ, but was happy to address my craving for it.
The portions were big; I ordered 3 rolls and had enough leftover for two small meals!
My fiance had their teryiaki chicken, and his plate was plentiful, too.
Although the fish was not flavorful like a sushi restaurant on the shore of Cali , I enjoyed it.

To me this is just a blah sushi establishment.
Service was awful but beyond that the sushi was no better than the rolls I can get at the grocery store.
Most of the rolls were very heavy on the fake krab and left a lot to be desired.
I would rather pay more and get better quality with more variety.
I won't be back and will continue looking for "the" sushi place in the east valley.

My new favorite neighborhood sushi!

Best sushi I have had, lived all over the place, this place rocks, seriously amazing flavors on everything and so fresh!
Made our end of weekend so perfect!
Stop in and see for yourself!

This place has wonderful sushi AND service!
You get soba noodles free to start and an orange to end the meal.
The prices are good and rolls are huge.
I will be coming back again.

Food is consistently good.
Good Service.
Great Sushi.

Favorite place for sushi.
Great service and it is always a joy to eat in the company of their chefs!

We keep coming back.
Best sushi in town, excellent service, and great sake selection.

Excellent sushi, nice large portions of fish, best sashimi Ive ever had!!
Must Try!!

Ok this review isnt a scathing indictment of the establishent, but more towards the reviewers.... "im a sushi snob, I dont eat anywhere else", "ive eaten all over the place this is by far the best", "the sushi is so fresh".... while I.had a.great time, and I admit the.service was excellent, the quality was mediocre.
In my not so humble opinion, no place sushi place deserves a 5 star rating unless they have fillet their own whole tuna, and readily have bluefin toro uni and real wasabi on deck.
Once again, the food wasnt bad, and the service was excellent.

Let me preface this by saying the Sushi at Sakana is always good and the waitstaff are always attentive, but last night I took the family there and left feeling very disappointed.
Typically when you sit at the Sushi bar there is a flow to the meal, the Sushi chef prepares things in such a way that you never really have more than one roll in front of you at a time which gives you time to talk and enjoy the meal.
Last night we sat there with 4 different plates (Various rolls and Sashimi) that came within about 2 minutes of each other, there was no flow to the meal it was just shoveled out as fast as it could be.
Even though the restaurant was not busy at all and it still had well over 2 hours to go until closing it felt like we were a bother to them.
To top it off we never received a special roll that we ordered, i am willing to bet because the person behind the sushi counter had better things to do like screw off in the back.
I am hoping this is not indicative of how we will be treated in the future at Sakana and because of previous visits that were good i am willing to give them another chance but that's it.
There are several other Sushi spots nearby that i would be more than happy to get spend my money at for better quality Sushi service, pretty much get it together Sakana or I'm out.

While the Sushi and Sashimi at Sakana are good they are not special when it comes to a restaurant, there are plenty of Sushi places within ten minutes of them that can easily provide better service.
I gave them a second chance tonight and while the Sushi service was slightly better, the service from the waitstaff and inept manager was poor.
The straw that broke the Camel's back was at the end of the meal, when I paid I never received any change.
My bill was $103 and the server stood to make a good tip but they assumed that the $110 i paid with was all i wanted to give, so it went to the back never to come out again.
We waited for 15-20 minutes and nothing came, they were presumptive and it cost them future business from me which I made sure to inform the manager of.
I hope the $7 that they took from me was worth a repeat customer who lives nearby going somewhere else in the future, then again they probably don't care.

My sisters and I have frequented this place while living in the area as well as when we come back to visit!
Besides my favorite two places in San Diego, this place is better than even the most popular sushi bars in the area!
We have dined in, and taken out... each time the quality is great!
I cannot wait to move back with my family so that i can get some more!

Was in town for the weekend, came here because of the high ratings.
My friends always used to warn me to avoid sushi while in a landlocked region.
Now I have first hand experience why this is so.
I guess my expectations were set higher after having good, fresh fish near coastal regions in the US and Asia.
Service was friendly, but spotty - we had to frequently flag someone down for more water.
Our server didn't bring out our third roll until we sat with empty plates for a good 10 minutes.
This was one of their special rolls - the Blood Orange Roll.
Imagine making the spread for a tuna salad sandwich, but made with sushi-grade maguro - such a waste of perfectly good fish.
Of the three rolls, a simple Rainbow Roll had the best flavor.
One star plus another star for tilt: There was a couple seated at the bar dressed in kitschy kabuki makeup, obviously for some party.

This place has pretty decent sushi for Arizona.
I always order their yellowtail and albacore sushi and it never fails to disappoint.
Also, their salmon skin hand roll is cooked perfectly, whereas most other places always burn the skin to a crisp.
Every Friday around noon they get a fresh order of fish which includes uni and toro among others so I suggest trying to go there some time during the weekend if you like that kind of stuff because they usually run out by Sunday.
Aside from their fish, they have a pretty good happy hour menu where you get appetizer items for $1-5 with every order of beer.
These appetizers are all pretty filling, mostly fried things, but good to complement your beer.
For anyone crazing something other than sushi they offer a lot of other options.
I ordered the ramen there lastly and was pleasantly surprised because it was infinitely better than the other ramen I've had in Arizona (disclaimer: nowhere near as good as ramen in LA, but decent for AZ).
Overall the restaurant ambiance is nice.
Sushi chefs are all really great and provide good service.
Some of the waitresses are a little lost at times, but I usually sit at the sushi bar to avoid that.

First time here for lunch.
Everything was excellent!
The presentation was beautiful and food was delicious!!
Will definitely return!

I think I found my new favorite sushi joint.
The pricing was very good and the sushi tasted great!
Sushi was fresh and can't wait to go back.

This is easily my favorite sushi place in the valley.
The daily specials are always interesting, the Las Vegas roll is to die for, even the basic cali roll has more substance & flavor that most sushi bars I go to.
The free appetizers are great, and the service is always top notch.
With a nice quiet atmosphere, good service, and stellar sushi, this place has everything I need.

This sushi place is one of the best I have found in Mesa.
Best vegetable tempura around.
Dynamite roll is awesome, baked scallop roll is awesome.

Very friendly, tastey and fast.
This is a solid sushi place.
The gyoza is good as well as the jalepeno boats.
People are always very friendly and great you warmly when you enter.
They have some good specials as well.

Simply the best Sushi, been coming here for years.
The staff is always Awesome, and take great care of you.
No question it's our family favorite place for all occasions.

Never had a bad piece if fish and their beer/appetizer deals are killer.
Sometimes it can be tough to wait out a table, so get there early or plan on investing some time in your evening.

I was in Phoenix on a business trip.
Had never been to Arizona before, and was looking for some dinner and stumbled upon this place...  Sashimi in Arizona?
I was a bit hesitant, but little did I know that Arizona actually has some awesome Japanese food, and very high quality fish.
I came in on a Monday night around 8pm.
The place was about half full and I took a seat at the sushi bar.
I ordered the large Chirashi (NOT on the menu, must ask for it, $18.95) and WOW was it awesome.
(There is also a small Chirashi for $12.95 with a little less fish).
when they served it to me, i kinda gasped at how big it was.
Something like this would easily cost $25-$30 in Los Angeles.
Maybe it's the low cost of rent here?
but this place was very reasonable for the amount of fish you get.
3 slices of albacore, 3 slices ahi, 3 slices hamachi (yellow tail) and 3 slices of salmon.
I've had better quality fish, but that was at a $100+ Omakase place.
For the price, this place can't be beat.
Service was great, sushi chef and manager were very friendly.
Private parking lot.
I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in the area.

It was good.
Good price.
Was not impressed with the processed tuna.
Real tuna would have made it a 4 star

Really enjoyed my experience on a Saturday night  The service was really good and waitress was able to recommend my party a couple of new selections.
All sushi came out nice and fresh and was a great meal

Plus:  I had the Tekki Maki Roll (tuna) and it very thick pieces of fish.
I had never seen that nice of rolls before.
Free soup and salad.
Good green tea.
Minus:  I had the California roll:  Usually this has cucumber, crab meat or imitation crab, and avocado.
Here it had avocado and some sort of a blended mixture.
It was ok, but not my idea of a California roll.
Minus minus:  Appetizer menu that was torn and had a lot of food stains.

This place certainly does have huge portions!
The sushi rolls are the largest I have ever seen.
Each piece is about 2 bites worth.
Great bang for the buck here during happy hour.
Flavor is decent but could be improved upon by using real crab meat instead of imitation.
I would have liked to have seen more quality rolls that have fresh, raw fish instead of so many crunchy tempura,  and blended mixtures.
The service was very pleasant and they appeared to be conscientious all around.

