I used to be a big fan.
I referred people to this place; I told them about the Radiohead tattoo I had inked by Chris Stucker, and I relayed all the good experiences I'd heard about with Plaid (the piercer).
This place went downhill fast.
I took a friend there to get her nipples pierced.
Her experience was quick and painless, and we were all pleased with how friendly and nice Plaid was.
We left the place with a good feeling.
I took them over to Artistic Tattoo, where I had my favorite tattoo done, but they were closing soon, and didn't have time to draw up the ink one of my other friends that was with us wanted.
Understandable.
So, we headed back to EZ Tattoo, thinking that while it may not be up to par with Artistic Tattoo, surely it would be a close second.
My friend wanted a tattoo of seven words from a Radiohead song.
SEVEN WORDS, okay?
Simple, right?
Apparently not.
We were berated, degraded, yelled at, and harassed because it took the woman who took on her request TWO HOURS--count it, TWO HOURS to PLACE THE STENCIL on my friend's arm.
The artist was snapping at us and not entirely lucid--her hands were visibly trembling--as she hissed at my friend to stand still (which she was) and not to move (which she wasn't).
The other girl and I just looked at each other like, 'is this really happening?
'    But it was very important for Shea to get her Radiohead tattoo (total coincidence, by the way), and so we stuck around while the tattoo artist tried to figure out how to perfectly align, uhm, seven words.
Finally she had Jesse, the other tattoo artist there, put it on Shea.
He got it done perfectly the very.
first.
time.
We all sighed a breath of relief.
Then this diminutive woman with a sour face and a bad attitude told my friend Shea that those seven words in small letters on Shea's rail thin arm would be TWO HUNDRED FIFTY DOLLARS.
Are you serious?
We were all shocked.
I knew how important it was to her to get this tattoo, but considering the verbal abuse we'd just endured and the artist's questionable coherence, this particular tattoo would not be worth the price.
We expressed our disbelief and as we left, the other artist, Jesse, actually had the gall to yell after us to "LOSE THE ATTITUDE!
"  This was particularly amazing because despite our disgust we had been very civil and polite, declining the rip off tattoo.
The moral of this story is, if you go to EZ Tattoo, go for piercings, and go to Plaid.
Get your tattoos elsewhere.

While visiting a friend out there, I decided that I wanted to get a gladiolus on my wrist.
We walked into EZ Tattoo and after being greeted shortly after, I was introduced to Hector.
He was soft spoken and very thorough when asking me what EXACTLY I wanted.
He went to the back to sketch the tat and came back less than 30 minutes later.
He was really kind and made sure that I got exactly what I wanted.
He was really positive about the kind of art I wanted.
It's only been a few days since I got the work done, but I love it so much.
It is exactly what I pictured in my mind.
Even though I was really nervous and acting like a baby, Hector was really understanding and gentle.
It hardly hurt at all.
I am really pleased.
The place is clean and trendy looking.
It's not intimidating at all and I felt pretty comfortable throughout the entire experience.

DO NOT go to EZ Tattoo!
First of all, I had my bridge pierced there.
The piercer is a complete moron.
Even I know that you need to put a longer bar in when it is first pierced to accommodate for swelling, BUT he proceeded to pierce it with a short bar.
It looked fine at first, so, trusting him, I paid a reasonable price and left.
After a day or two the skin around the area started to grow OVER the piercing, because it was so swelled, and I rushed back in for them to fix it.
The piercer put a longer bar in, and thankfully, everything was fine.
I want to be able to trust the "PROFESSIONAL" that is shoving needles through my face.
SECONDLY- My girlfriend went here to get her first tattoo.
She called around 4PM and made an appointment for 10PM that night.
We showed up right on time, and began waiting.
Due to poor time management skills, the loser tattoo artist who is known as "Iron Dan," makes us wait close to 2 hours after the scheduled appointment.
He finally calls her in, and she shows him the image she wants, which is a Labrys, just black, the size of the palm of her hand.
He tells her it will cost $120!!!
And THEN he tells us that is THE HOURLY RATE, so, when she asked him ON THE PHONE IN THE FIRST PLACE, he could of told us that is "the hourly rate.
" He was rude, obnoxious, disrespectful, and unprofessional.
NEVER waste your time with EZ Tattoo.

I went here for my first tattoo and all I can say, is that the service and the work was PHENOMENAL!
The place was really clean, and their were multiple artists available to answer questions, as well as serve the numerous walk-ins that came in while I was there.
(I was a walk-in myself, and they had no problems answering my questions and starting the work right away.
)   Iron Dan, who did my tattoos, was amazing.
He was friendly and laid-back and had no problems with me being semi-anxious over this being my first ink ever.
When he typed out what I wanted (two words, one on each foot, in elegant script) he printed it out in a size I thought I wanted, and gave me a price then told me anything bigger than that would be same price.
Naturally, I went bigger.
;)   Every person I talked to there was very helpful and seemed genuinely interested in what I wanted to get done; even gave me suggestions on placement with valid reasons why.
I walked in on a whim, having spent all day at the RenFest, contemplating getting my tattoos done the entire time.
I wasn't even sure they'd be able to get me in and done that day.
(New to the tattoo experience, I thought I'd have to make an appointment.
)  I walked in wearing flip-flops on my bare feet and walked out with care instructions and a tattoo on each foot in less then an hour and a half.
That's including the time it took me to reconsider (cold feet) and change my original placement, as well as the time it took to explain what I wanted and have the stencil printed TWICE (cause I decided to go bigger).
Overall, this is the best experience I could hope for for this being my first ink ever and I plan on going back for and and all future ink I get.

OMG , i went to EZ  TATTOO and it was so AMAZING .
my tattoo rocks and the place was so RAD ....
I will ONLY go back to this place for all future work I want done ...
The people were so nice and the place was clean.
My detail of my back piece is so crisp and vibrant ....

i love my first tattoo from ez tattoo scottsdale!

i went to E Z Tattoo back in 2008 this place was awesome i got my first born's name tatted on my arm and now im going back real soon to get my second born child i went to IRON DAN real cool dude did my tattoo and it still looks awesome to this day would highly recommend this place to people looking for tats

This is a nice place.
Great waiting area with a comfy couch.
I don't get tattoos just the driver.
Tattoo looks beautiful and my sweet Goddaughter is pleased.

What an amazing weekend....... quality time with my son and building our relationship back to where I feared it would never be again.....watching him turn in to the little kid that is ecstatic when Aunt KJ comes to town and watching them bond...a bonding which ended up with the three of us getting matching Anchor tattoos.
Brandon chose to honor his mother and I for our Navy Service by getting our family initials on his anchor.
Thanks Iron Dan for helping me remember what's important.....amazing memories!
Iron Dan stayed open till 2am to finish our tattoos and was kind, extremely respectful and helpful  during our visit, we are thrilled with our design and our night in your shop will be the first of many memories we make there!
thanks for taking such good care of us!
This place is the NICKELBACK of tattoo shops:) Clean, Welcoming, STERILE, GREAT ASEPTIC TECHNIQUE (IE you WON"T get Hep or infected !
)  Dan is an artist and greaty surpassed our expectations for the night!

I came here on a whim for Friday the 13th flash and ended up finding my new artist.
Jesus made me feel super comfortable and is very detailed,  love him!
I never thought my favorite tattoo would come from a flash sheet!
This place is clean and the people are rad, that's it.

Awesome place.
Super clean, decorated so cool!
Ivan was fabulous!
Very skilled, nice touch.
Very professional, with an easy going personality.
Made my tattoo exactly as I wanted.
Will definitely recommend to all my friends.
Thank you so much!
Was really EZ!
:-)

Definitely the worst experience I've EVER had with a tattoo Artist.
I worked with "Dan" and this review is specifically for him.
My wife and I decided to get half sleeves done and he decided to "help" us design them, but when we got there for the first night the stencil was only for the 2 main pieces (which only too up about 1/3 of our arm) and the rest was empty.
After he "completed" these pieces to his satisfaction, there was literally NO black shading!
Or any dark shading of any kind.
We were incredibly upset by the poor quality of the work, the lack of communication, and his unwillingness to help us design the tattoo before he started working.
There were actually pieces with completely empty parts in the tattoo that should NOT have been there.
after spending literally THOUSANDS of dollars hoping that the tattoo would get better as we got further along, we realized that it was only going to get worse.
We decided to leave Dan's "services" and sought out an artist from Living Canvas Tattoos in Tempe.
They immediately said EVERYTHING wrong thing about our tattoos, that we had been wondering since day 1: the ink looked like it was 5 years old when it was only 1 month old, there was no depth to the tattoo, no shading, over 80% of the tattoo was a background that just looked like blue scribbling on a page the color was faded and pastel, there were elements that were clearly outside of his skill level but he tried to do them anyway, and failed.
We were shocked at what he had done, and that he considered it to be complete.
After confronting him about adding some type of element to the tattoo to make it one complete piece, he said that he thought it was a bad idea, that he couldn't even visualize it, and that we should give it about 12-18 months before we get anything done to it, since our opinions may change.
We left and decide to never return to EZ Tattoo.
Now after working with Greg from Living Canvas Tattoo, Our Arms have been COMPLETELY redone, outline, black shading, fixing everything that Dan did wrong, and adding more elements to complete the entire piece as a whole.
We are still about 2 sessions from being done in order to completely finish the background that Dan screwed up, but we already LOVE how Greg has been able to transform a botched tattoo into something complete and beautiful.
One thing that makes an artist great, is knowing their own limitations.
It was pretty clear that Dan was NOT comfortable doing a completed scene on a half-sleeve however, he took on the job and could have ruined BOTH of our arms for the rest of our lives.
I an SO thankful that we decided to get out of there and go to Living Canvas in Tempe, where they actually care about the quality of their work, and will make sure your tattoo will look exactly the way you want it.
Dan will boast about his "Master's degree in Art" and how he once told a kid to "stop tattooing people because  he was f**king them up.
" But HE is now the one putting crappy ink on people and needs to give up the game.
While the other artists at EZ tattoo may be worth a shot, Stay away from Dan, he doesn't know what he's doing.
And they have definitely lost our business to Living Canvas in Tempe.

