I had a $50 gift-card, so I tried the European facial with Sue.
It was THE best thing I've done to myself in a while.
The facial treatment includes deep cleansing, mask and all the other good services while you lay on the comfortable bed in clean serene room.
Sue was very professional and knowledgeable about skin problems and the appropriate treatments.
She explained to me the purpose of all the products she used on me, but was never pushing me to buy any of them.
After the very relaxing 60min, I couldn't believe how incredible the result was!
My eyes looked brighter, and skin felt so supple.
Needless to say, I'm going back there for more in coming months.
Also, if you are Capital Fitness member, you do get 5% off, too :)

I'm updating my previous review., as it seems like the best staff have all left.
The last time I went, Katie made me feel like I was holding up her day getting my legs waxed.
She gave me two minutes to look them over in the dark, so I didn't discover all the spots she missed until I got home.
My hair stylist and massage therapist don't work there any more, so I have no reason to return.

OMG: Get your fastest, nearly painless, totally awesome Brazilian at Elevation with Katie.
I would say that I am a near-expert at getting this zone waxed and never before has it been this easy or lasted this long (going on 2 weeks and it pretty much still looks like the day I got it!
)  I visited Elevation whilst on a business trip but otherwise iI'd be a regular with Katie.

I am one of those people who always talked about getting a massage but never actually did it.
I finally broke down and made an appointment when the knot in my back was the worst it had ever been.
Kate was amazing!
She really worked that knot, and I still feel better a month and a half later.
The price for an hour massage isn't bad at all.
I will definitely be going back.

I started going to Elevation for 2 reasons, 1) it's at my gym, and 2) they use Bumble and Bumble products.
I've continued to go because of the quality of the services they provide.
All the staff are friendly.
Becca cuts my hair, and I always leave feeling like I got what I wanted and that I am looking good.
She also does free bang trims which is a great perk.

This place is great!
I think its a little pricey...but I am from LA and can find great waxers for much less.
They really accommodated me when I asked for a service that was not listed and charged a reasonable price.
I will probably continue to come here for as long as I am in Madison.

I love this place: Trendy and fun, but still approachable and affordable.
Tonya cut my hair for 2+ years before I moved to DC.
I will say that I did everything I could to not cut my hair until I could get back to her in Madison a year later.
Love her.
The location is right above Capital Fitness (also a good place) right off of the capitol square.
I have always paid between $35-45 for a wash, cut, blow-dry.
The staff is like a big family and are just fun to be around.
I have had massages here too that were on par.

Good relaxing massage.
It didn't work out all of my tightness, but I felt completely relaxed afterwards.

Absolutely the best salon in Madison!
I've had my hair cut and colored and received multiple spa services at Elevation and every single visit has been beyond exceptional.
Elevation is trendy, inviting and affordable all while maintaining the highest quality!

I am new to the waxing scene and was very nervous.
Before my recent tropical vacation, I chose to visit Elevation because I had heard great things about their waxing specialist, Katie.
Everything I heard was true- she is phenomenal!!!
She instantly put me at ease with her friendly yet professional nature.
She was funny, caring, and so patient with me.
Even better, she did an amazing job and I left beyond satisfied with my brazilian.
Over a week later, my ladybits are as tidy as when I left.
The salon itself is beautiful, clean, and perfectly tucked away into Madison's capitol neighborhood.
The front desk staff is so sweet and helpful, and I can't wait to try other procedures at this full-service spa&salon.
And I have no desire to ever be waxed by anyone but Katie, ever again!

I've been here for the waxing services and a haircut.
The waxing was good but this is a review for the haircut.
I'm not from Wisconsin so I've had a lot of trouble finding a salon that I can trust and that I really want to come back to.
I think I've found it now!
I saw Becca and she was amazing.
I've been growing out my hair so I didn't want to lose a lot of length but my hair was definitely out of control.
She helped me keep most of the length and gave me structure.
She also spent a lot of time taking some of the bulk out of my hair (I have A LOT of hair) and gave me a lot of styling tips.
She even sent me home with a free sample of a product I had been eying!
Another point is that the haircuts are AFFORDABLE!
Mine was $35 before tip and I've paid far more for far less at other Madison salons.

I've gone here to get brazillians from Katie based on the review below and I completely agree.
she does a great job, very fast, as painless as these things can get and the price was great.

I just had another cut done yesterday with a different stylist and it was still great!
So friendly and very skilled.
I love that they take your coat and offer a beverage when you come in.
It is something so small but it really makes you feel welcomed.
As for the cut itself, I saw Anna.
She began the appt by asking me what I wanted, and, I think even more importantly, what I didn't want.
She did a great job on my hair and I walked out feeling like a million bucks.
I have an appt for a mani-pedi in about a week so we'll see if that is as wonderful as my haircuts!

Today I got my second prenatal massage at Elevation.
This review refers only to massage services, but I plan to try their pedicures the next time I need one, since they're no more expensive than other spas in the area.
I have had two different massage therapists, Josh and Jess.
Both were very good, although I think I preferred Jess's approach to my upper back/neck pain.
She put me on my back (I can still lie on my stomach comfortably, as I'm just coming out of the first trimester), and spent a lot of time on my neck, which has been giving me trouble.
She did complementary work on my shoulders, chest, and scalp, which all together TREMENDOUSLY improved the neck pain I've been having since I gained three cup sizes with this pregnancy.
She also did some work on my hips/glutes, and if I ever get to the point where I can come in for a massage without major neck issues, I'll definitely want her to work on them more!
Unfortunately, they don't recommend going over 60 minutes with a prenatal massage, but I've felt significantly relaxed and improved after both of the massages I've had there.
I like a LOT of pressure, and both Josh and Jess were able to deliver it.
Also, I was told that all their therapists are certified for pre-natal.
Their prices are very reasonable.
It's $70 for 60 minutes, plus tip, and I don't think you'll find a better deal in town--certainly not for the quality of massage you get!
I definitely plan to go back for some longer massages after I give birth; a 90-minute massage is $90, and it looks like they also have some nice deals when you purchase a nail/massage/facial package.
My only complaint really is that when you call and get put on hold, their phone system makes these weird periodic beeps the whole time--they know it's doing it; apparently they can't make it stop.
But other than that, every aspect of my interactions with the spa has been great!
The receptionists are very nice and attentive to making sure that your waiting experience is pleasant.

Awesome haircut; relaxing atmosphere; good coffee; helpful stylist.

Just got a spa manicure and pedicure from a Groupon I had gotten, and it was amazing.
The girl I had was extremely friendly and great at her job.
One of the best mani/pedis I've gotten in awhile!

After a bit of Yelp-search, I picked the spa that seemed most likely to provide good service.
I didn't even consider the price - hardly a noteworthy concern when I am going in (blind) to let a complete stranger give me a Brazilian.
I also needed my legs waxed, and they could only fit me in with a split appointment: legs the next day, and a Brazilian two days later.
Not bad at all so far.
Now, it's been a little while since these appointments - I admit I don't remember the name of the woman that waxed my legs, and only know the lady who did my Brazilian is Katie bc of the other reviews on here.
The lady who did my leg-waxing was FANTASTIC.
She is from the West Coast (I want to say Denver) (moved to Madison at the beginning of Summer this year), and she doesn't do Brazilians.
She's an aesthetician too, and prefers facials over waxing.
She's a petite, super-friendly mid-30s darker blonde (Anne?
A-something?).
I am terrible with names, grrr.
Anyway, she was fantastic.
She was cautious, deliberate, and made friendly chatter the whole time.
She was very thorough, pulled a light down, checked for in-growns, and pulled them out w a tweezer (I was smitten at this point).
She then oiled my legs down with a gentle and firm grip, and sent me on my way with a little discount card for the next service.
When I'm back in town, I will def go see her.
Why 3 stars, then?
The Brazilian.
ICK!
All the Yelp reviews that anointed Katie as the goddess of brazilians either don't have much experience w waxing or don't have thick, stubborn ethnic hair.
She was quick.. TOO quick.
When you're waxing a very private region of someone's body, you CAN'T put hot wax on a part you've JUST waxed.
If you missed something, you leave it be and COME BACK to that part.
I've been getting Brazilians for almost decade now, and this I know to be true, without a doubt.
When I stood up to inspect and asked her to correct a few patches, she seemed annoyed.
Actually annoyed.
As if no one had ever questioned her before, and she was mad that I dared to.
That's when a star came off this review.
She masked the face she made (poorly), and reluctantly went back to finish up.
No tweezer or deep-inspection this time.
That's when another star came off this review.
Then she gave me the most perfunctory, fake thank-you I have ever received in my life.
That's when her tip got cut in half.
If I had seen her first, I wouldn't have gone back to the spa.
But then I wouldn't have met magical Denver lady.
I really wish she did Brazilians, she would be so great at it.
My 99c: Don't go here if you're looking for a relaxed, thorough Brazilian.
If you want a quick, rushed wax (i.e.
if you're touching up), it may work well for you.
Or just be practically hairless and easy to wax.
Anyone else... stay away.
Find another place, and post a review so I can go there next time.

I had a great massage from Lindsey!

I've been to this salon a bunch of times for eyebrow waxing and massages and was generally happy.
I had been taking my son in as well for massages.
I was suddenly informed today that they only take clients over 16 years of age after we showed up for the appointment, got ready, and were on the massage table.
I had asked bringing him in the past and was always told it was fine.
I understand if the therapist isn't comfortable working on kids, but I was never informed that it is a salon-wide policy.
I felt it was poorly handled by the staff, especially considering I've been a regular.

I recently visited Elevation Salon & Spa for a manicure & pedicure.
I chose the Elevation because they had great yelp reviews, and I was not disappointed!
I'm not one to get regular pedicures or manicures, but my boyfriend set up the appointment as a gift.
I actually created a yelp account just so I could review my experience at Elevation.
I've had a few mani/pedis before this, and this was by far the best!
Kelly was very nice, polite and did an amazing job.
It was an extremely relaxing experience, and at the end, my nails and toes looked absolutely flawless.
I'd recommend Kelly at Elevation if you want your nails done for a special event, because like I said, she does an amazing job!

I have been visiting Elevation salon for years and my stylist, Tonya, is the best!
More recently I have been recieving manicures and pedicures and have yet to be dissapointed.
The online specials are really hard to refuse, and you get a great service for a decent price.
The nail technicians are all very friendly and do a good job.
My only criticism would be that sometimes it is hard to find an appointment, but I should probably call with more advance notice.

I began going to Elevation a couple years ago for nail services, and have also gotten a few massages and just recently switched to a stylist at Elevation for hair also.
I have always been completely satisfied with the quality of services received as well as the customer service.
Also, they frequently offer fantastic specials (which you usually have to purchase online in advance, and then call to schedule the appointment) that make their prices unbeatable - especially for a downtown salon.
They are flexible when I need to reschedule appointments (sometimes more than once) and never make me feel like I'm a burden for asking the receptionist to check the availability of numerous service providers on numerous dates.
Emmy and Ashley are my favorite nail techs, though I have gone to other techs when they aren't available, and my manicures always last longer and look better than anywhere else I get them done.
Highly recommended!

Man, I can only assume that they've had a staff overhaul, because my experience here as amazing.
Do yourself a favor, and book a massage session now!
You will not regret it.
The services are pretty pricey ($45 for a 30 minute session, $75 for a 60 minute session), but massages in general aren't exactly known for being cheap.
Look out for seasonal sales though, because they often offer deals throughout the year.
I'll be extremely happy with a $60/1 hour massage, which is a common special.
Now on to the service.
The front staff was extremely friendly, greeted me as soon as I entered, and offered to take my jacket/any belongings to the back.
She told me who my masseuse was going to be, and directed me to a seating area to wait.
After 15 minutes of reading some GQ, my masseuse, Kevin, came down to get me.
Their massaging area in the back was lit up by a few candles, giving it a very relaxing ambiance.
The soothing forest soundtrack in the background didn't hurt either.
Kevin was very accommodating, and started off by asking me if there's any soreness or things to consider before proceeding.
He then instructed me on what to do, detailing the process, making sure I was completely comfortable.
Then, the massage started.
I'm not going to go into depths, because that would take forever, but I haven't felt this relaxed in a loooooong time.
I left feeling extremely refreshed and tension-free.
I highly, highly recommend this for anyone looking to de-stress or just to relax.

Courtney is the best barber in town: friendly, funny and professional.
Highly recommend this salon as the prices are reasonable and the location is convenient.

Prices are reasonable.
Spa area is clean.
Haircuts with Anna are great!

Excellent 90 min massage with Andrea.
Highly recommend.
Price was excellent ($99 for 90 min is a steal).
I also noticed they carry Bumble & Bumble hair products.
The environment was pleasing, and Andrea let me choose which music to play during the massage.
Very impressed all around.
The next time I'm in Madison, I'll return here for sure.

Mitch!
No need to say more ...

Nice salon and convenient location inside Capital Fitness.
Cortney gives the best men's cut/shave/barber experience, but she just moved to Muse Salon on University Ave. She's a wonderful, professional, and very experienced barber.
I've been going to her for 3 years; you won't find anyone better in Madison.

Hands down, my favorite salon and spa in Madison.
I've worked in a salon for five years in Chicago and moving to Madison, I was nervous to change stylists.
I tried Carmen and I love her.
She has made my hair much healthier and switched me from a blondaholic to a natural dirty blonde.
I also think they do the best manicures in Madison and the nail room is absolutely beautiful and clean.
Marie makes my nails look beautiful and has turned me onto Shellac.
I don't know if I'll ever go back to a normal manicure again.

