In my suicidal quest to find a chicken fried steak equal to the one I had outside of Houston, I insisted to Hubby that we try the Ranch House Grille today, on the NE corner of Thomas and 56th street, across from the Walgreens.
It's open from 6am-3pm only, and when we arrived at 2:00, there were few other customers.
It's pretty homey (if home is Oklahoma) and casual, with around 15 tables inside and several outside.
I ordered the CFS, and it was quite good, very tender with a white sausage gravy on top.
The rest of the meal ranged from mediocre (mashed boxed taters and Texas toast) to awful (the vegetable mix that was just this side of baby food soft).
Hubby had a better meal overall- an egg burrito with some truly delicious homemade pork chili verde sauce, paired with crispy but not greasy shredded hash browns.
They needed some seasoning, but were nowhere near the disaster that was the biscuits.
Something was just wrong with them, besides being pale and puckish- too much baking powder, maybe?
I think there are some tasty gems on the menu, but you may have to wade through a few sub-par items to suss them out.

nice portions of very solid breakfast food; you won't leave hungry.
Decent service, but they should pay closer attention to keeping everything clean, consistently....reasonable prices.

I absolutely love this place.
Don't go in here expecting anything but good traditional food.
I don't believe anything here is really healthy.
I read a previous review that mentioned soggy veggies...I had a Ranchero Breakfast (sans veggies) and it was awesome...The food was really fresh and service was great

This spot has been previous host to Anna's Cafe (RIP), BYOBistro (RIP), Nix (RIP).
But finally, I think someone put the right thing in here.
A casual, daytime breakfast and lunch spot that caters to a slightly older crowd.
We can literally walk here, so we hit it from time-to-time.
But it doesn't have the same charm or unique menu favorites (Eggs Maximillian, Parisienne, etc) that a place like Harlow's in Tempe does.
You need that to pull people from outside the hood.
DECOR I would call it kitchsy country cafe, but they mean it.
So it's not kitschy.
It seriously looks like a midwestern diner, in 1974.
No nonsense.
FOOD Pretty good.
Wish it were better.
Good, hearty breakfast.
Eggs cooked nicely, as ordered.
Meats and sides prepared competently.
Standard, reliable comfort food.
It's straight-up midgrade foodservice stuff.
Ultimately, frozen Shamrock/Sysco everything.
Some things are better than others: the green chile poured over greasy fries is an excellent gutbomb.
But the burgers are overcooked - maybe the meat necessitates that.
Seems like a kickass burger should be a staple at a place like this.
I still have some menu exploration to do, so I'll update.
All in all, they seem to be doing well and serving their demographic what they want.
I just wish Matt's was across the street instead.

If your looking for a traditional, down home, country breakfast, then Ranch House Grille is your destination.
From the moment you walk in, you are taken back to a small town eatery, where everyone would have to know each others names.
Located just East of 56th Street and North of Thomas Road, Ranch House is within walking/beach cruiser distance for anyone in the Arcadia and South Scottsdale neighborhoods.
From traditional favorites such as biscuits and gravy, pancakes, scrambled eggs, thick cut bacon, waffles and baked goods, Ranch House has the stick to your insides good breakfast that is much needed on a relaxing Saturday or Sunday morning.
Although during the work week, they open at 6am, and you can start off a boring Tuesday with a Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs, what could be better?
If you want good comfort breakfast, with no frills other than great flavors, check  out the Ranch.

Good ol' breakfast joint.
The best kind, too.
Consistent.
Friendly service.
And you won't leave hungry.
The chicken fried steak is so good it's as if they asked Scotty to beam it straight 'n' steamin' from Texas to your danged ol' plate.
My first bite transported me back to the Lone Star State, but I quickly regained consciousness 'cause I wanted to eat more of it.
Order it slathered in either green chile verde or creamy sausage gravy.
Bein' a Texas boy my vote's on the latter.
Do yourself a huge flavor par'ner -- order it!

Broke out of the hood to go to Ranch House Grill.
Wow, down home service,  comfortable patio - with a view, and awesome Eats.
Breakfast burritos really hit the mark.
Good beans, as a side option.
Coffee kicks.
One small note by the Beau: gravy for the biscuits was a bit salty.
Overall, great option for breakfast with good value and satisfying food.
Go with an appetite!

Really a cute place.
I loved patio area and thought the service was great.
Big giant Oreganos-sized soda cups kept me happy and the crowd was a great mix of people.
Also, there was no wait on a Saturday morning which is a good thing since we drove by Over Easy and there was a small mob standing outside.
As far as the food goes, it was okay.
On par with Denny's or IHOP, I guess.
The hashedbrowns were overly hashed and turned to mashed.
The breakfast sandwich I had was pretty tasty but was only saved by the massive amount of cheese on it.
I might got back but there are so many other options.
I give it four stars simply because no wait, food is adequate, and the service is excellent.

I almost give this place 3 stars, but as far as my experience goes, it's not there yet, and I would honestly rather have IHOP or Denny's.
Saturday morning at 9:30ish seems to be prime time for breakfast, and Over Easy proved that with the gaggle of people hanging out outside.
Since I was starving we quickly found another place via Yelp Mobile, and we ended up here.
The patio is cute with tons of shade provided by the greenery.
The inside however is awfully tacky and very poorly put together.
I was embarrassed for the owners just looking at it.
We were told to sit anywhere and we found ourselves at a little two top against the wall.
Service was prompt and we were quickly given our GIANT cups of soda, always a plus for me.
I ordered a dish that had hash browns, 3 eggs any way, bacon, and I subbed biscuits and gravy for the bread.
The amount of food on my plate was massive.
The hash browns took up a whole third of the plate real estate, but that was unfortunate as they were rather tasteless.
They were lacking in the salt/grease/butter department.
Next up, my eggs were overcooked in the yolk part but somehow not cooked enough in the whites.
It was weird, but still edible and not the way I like them.
The bacon... well there was a lot of it.
I thought that was a wonderful thing until I bit into overly fatty bacon that was cooked for way too long.
It was just really salty and crunchy.
For the first time ever, I did not eat all of the bacon in front of me.
The biscuits and gravy was by far the worst part of my meal.
The biscuits were very hard, dry, and flavorless.
It was as if they had been sitting out for at least a few days.
The gravy was pretty bad.
It was completely over-peppered and was super thick and congealed.
It wobbled instead of dripped.
Kind of gross.
When I smothered it on top of the hash browns it was a little bit better.
The husband enjoyed his dish much more than I did mine.
Maybe we will go back some time, but I know what to avoid and how to specify my bacon to be cooked.
For now, it's just a meh.

I took my second visit to Ranch House Grille today for brunch, and I think it was even better than I remembered!
I brought two rookies with my, and they both thought that the homey interior made the place so cute and loved the home-style theme of the menu.
The service is wonderful, everyone that works there is so friendly and always have a smile on their face.
The coffee is really good, and they are very good about keeping your cup full.
I again had the Light Chicken Fried Steak Breakfast (it is funny that they call it light, because the only light part is that it comes with one egg and a half order of the hashbrowns) but it makes you feel good when ordering!
They are known for their Chicken Fried Steak here, and for good reason, it is delicious!!
It is nice and tender, with a well seasoned crispy coating and smothered in a peppery white gravy.
My two companions had never had Chicken Fried Steak before (which I find hard to believe because I think every elementary school cafeteria had it on the menu!
), and they both were pleasantly surprised when they took their tastes.
I also upgraded to biscuits and gravy instead of toast, but I could barely make it through half of a biscuit!!
They give you two large biscuits and a bowl of their delicious gravy, my mom always makes biscuits and gravy Christmas morning, and while very different from my mom's version, this was very good!
My two companions both had the Eggs Benedict that was the special today.
One of them in particular makes it a habit to try Eggs Benedict at every restaurant in town, and she declared this to be an excellent version.
She said that the hollandaise was really good, which can make or break the overall dish!
The three of us really enjoyed our meal, and I am thinking we will definitely be back again!
They are well known for their Pork Chile Verde, which I have yet to try, but I always seem to get drawn to the Chicken Fried Steak....but maybe next time!

I want to love this place because it's so close to my house and I really like to see local restaurants succeed.
I've eaten here about 5 times and my experience is always the same - mediocre food and slow service.
And the place needs to be cleaned up a bit as the torn table clothes and dingy carpet are rather gross.
Patio area is a decent option when the weather is mild and the staff seems like they want you to have a good experience so I'll give this place another try.
It doesn't hurt that we get a coupon in the mail every month.

Cute...there's really no other word that covers what you see when you walk in to the Ranch House Grill:)  There's gingham, lariats, spurs, split rails, barbed wire, saddles and all kinds of "ranchy" things in the décor.
The décor is basically what my mother probably wanted to accomplish with the ranch house that I grew up in (and maybe could have, if she'd figured out how cover up the 40 year old wall paper, the dead white linoleum floors, and hot pink appliances and kitchen sink:(  But enough about me:)  The menu here is basic, but well executed, and what more can you ask from a place that bills itself as country cookin'?...Not much in my book:)  This is the second RHG location (the first is in Page, on the way to Colorado City, I guess so you can fuel up with big food, so you have enough energy to "visit" all your wives:)  This RHG location brings that small town, big food, restaurant feel to SE Phoenix:)  Lunching with some buddies the other day...we decided to give RHG a test drive...none of us had been there before (in fact, I think lots people haven't been here...and they should be going to RHG:)  Walked in at noon, had our drinks almost before we asked (I said "almost before"...to say we had them any sooner would imply a temporal causality paradox that I don't want to deal with here...email me if you want the math:)  The menu is "robust"...not much in the "amuse bouche" section, but plenty of "steak and eggs" options.
I selected Chicken Fried Steak with double mashed potatoes...and gravy...incredible, delectable gravy!
:)  RHG has a sign outside that says they have been voted "Best Chicken Fried Steak" in Phoenix, by somebody...I'm adding my vote to the total:)...It was outstanding...hand pounded round steak, sausage gravy, buttery mashed potatoes and thick toast...I haven't had CFS this good since the last time I was in Waco.
My luncheon companions had, respectively, a Patty Melt (which he said was as good as any he'd ever had...hyperbole?...sure, but he's an attorney and given to hyperbole:), and a Chili and Cheese Omelet (BTW, I'm going back just for their chili...two kinds...red beef and green pork...both homemade and both crazy good:)  The platters (that's right, I said "platters") of food arrived and we spent the next half hour wading through the food...more than plenty to eat!...a ranchers lunch in the truest sense of the word...enough food to keep you going through a long afternoon of building barb wire fence, bucking hay, herding recalcitrant bovines and mucking out the feed barn...none of which I have done since I was 15 years old...thank god!
:)  It also helps, even if you're just pounding out emails and answering phones:)  Every so often, you need a lunch like this one...Mark Knopfler said it best..."if you want to run cool, you have to run on heavy, heavy fuel":)  http://tinyurl.com/y8nw3ds  The bill came to about $10 apiece and the service was 25% tip range service:)  I think RHG fits the description of "hidden gem":)...It is a gem and you really have to look for it to find it:)  It will help if you look at the intersection of Thomas and 56th Street:)

This is a nice local breakfast and lunch place with a southwestern style theme.
Eating here makes you feel like your in a small town with very friendly service and hearty food.
I ordered the Southwestern style country fried steak which comes covered in their chili verde sauce (doesn't look like much but very good) and upgraded to the biscuits and gravy ( good gravy, ok biscuits).
My only complaint was the hasbrowns were undercooked and mushy.
I will order them extra crispy next time.
The others at my table got the huevos reancheros which wasn't that good and the Lumberjack which included eggs and three breakfast meats, all which looked good.
Consensus was large portions, decent food, and a nice comfortable place with good service.
Check it out if your in the neighborhood.

Only the best for the Beautiful Carin...that's what I tell her constantly...that's why she chose me...that's why I take her only the best places...Like Ranch House Grille:)  Surprisingly, she hadn't been to RHG with me before now, so off we went for Saturday "Lunfast" after our workout...(I was going to call it brunch, but it was Saturday and about 1:00 pm so it kind of felt like a retox lunch time thingy, but I had breakfast, so...:-)  Carin was charmed by the rustic decor and the family atmosphere at RHG (these folks are from up around Page, Arizona...this is the southern outpost of the family restaurant empire:)  She was more charmed by the food:)  I ordered up a Chili Verde Omelet (I need to digress for minute...I've always been a red chili "snob" when it comes to chili omelets...I mean who thinks Green Pork Chili on an Omelet?...well, I do...now:-)...this is really the adult version of "Green Eggs and Ham" (BTW, RHG can steal that for their menu if they want...I don't mind:)  I am astonished at how well the flavors of the rich and meaty green pork chili work with the fresh fluffy eggs in the omelet...this is what the word "sublime" was invented to describe:)  Carin continued her very healthy ways with a veggie omelet made with egg whites...although I did notice that about 20% of my omelet was "missing" when I returned from a brief visit to the clean and shiny restrooms:)  She said there was a commotion in the restaurant while I was gone, and when she turned back from gawking, part of my Lunfast omelet was missing...but I don't know...there were unexplained Chili Verde traces on her plate:-)  She said next time we go, I can get the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs and she will get the Chili Verde Omelet...maybe she'll let me share:-)

This place is just down the street from my house, so we finally made our way over here to check it out, as my partner and I both love a good brunch.
I don't think either of us will be back.
The wait was only a couple in front of us, but took almost 25 minutes to be seated, and the way the restaurant was laid out, we had to basically stand in front of the door while waiting.
Also, I had to chase down the waiter to even get on the wait list.
Once seated, I opened the menu, ready to get the black bean burger I'd seen online...their only non-egg vegetarian item.
I had purposely scouted the menu online before coming in, since they didn't seem super veg friendly.
Yeah.
Apparently, they no longer serve veggie burgers.
Nope.
So when I asked our server, as a vegetarian, what I could get, she told me there was some sort of dish that one of the servers made with cottage cheese, mushrooms and avocado.
I had no option but to ask for that.
When it came out, after a good deal of time, it was a small cup of oily mushrooms, a plate with half an avocado on it, and a small cup of cottage cheese.
Um.
Gross.
I stole a piece of my partner's toast, mixed in ketchup with the mushrooms, and put it on the toast with a little avocado on top.
It was ok, but I could have made it better myself, and for less than the almost $7 they charged me for my "meal.
"  Add to that the homophobia and transphobia we felt, plus the coffee refill guy walking past my partner's empty cup not once, not twice, but three times, and we'll not be back.
Which is too bad, because my partner love love loved her Denver omlette and hashbrowns.
Folks, it takes more than good food to make a good restaurant.

Two or three times a year, when my dad comes to town, we have to go eat a chicken fried steak at the Ranch House.
We heard about this place from our old roommate who is a chef, and my dad couldn't wait to go try it.
Typically a healthy eater, my dad loves to splurge on something artery-clogging from time to time.
I'm just glad I get to go along for the ride.
The first time we went, my dad noticed a not-so-svelte man sitting at a table in front of the window.
My dad looked toward him and said "Ooohh.
This is gonna be GOOD!
"  He was right.
The chicken fried steak is tender and juicy, the eggs have always been perfectly fine and the gravy is so thick and creamy I can feel it taking years off my life.
Pancakes are an easy kid-pleaser, so everyone comes out full and content.
I'm glad I get to go here once or twice a year and that's enough for me.

This is a great mom and pop type restaurant.
They have good food and good service.
You walk in and it feels like home.
I have ate there a few times now and have had good food every time.
The hot burger is unique.
The green onion burger was awesome.
Nothing you can get is bad.
I am trying the chicken fried steak there next!

Poor guy that was waiting on tables was by himself the day their Groupon went live.
He currently has 9 tables for lunch.
We'll see how the food is....
It was really good.
Chicken fried steak.
Yum.

In search of the Valley 5-Star breakfast spot to replace Black Bear Diner on Bell Rd.
that went from 5-Stars to 1-Star & then folded (!
), I stopped in here this morning.
My order consisted of the Down Home Country Breakfast, of ham, 3 eggs, hashbrowns ($8.75), & I opted for biscuits & gravy rather than toast (+ $1.75), & coffee ($1.50).
Here's how it went:  *  Atmosphere ok.
It's a mid-sized place with tables only, no booths, but it's rather nice inside, & not rowdy & crowded like Matt's...  at least it wasn't for me this time.
*  Good service.
*  Coffee not that great.
Whatever it is, Apffels, for instance, would be much better.
*  Ham steak fairly generous, oval, about 4x7", 1/4" thick.
Flavor ok, not exciting.
*  Good serving of hash browns, about the same size as the ham.
*  Two big biscuits with a cup of gravy to top them with...  too salty, & gravy had only a little sausage in it.
They're open 7 days 6 AM to 3 PM, & worthy of a return visit!

At last a breakfast place that delivers.
The chicken fried steak and eggs were  very good, hash browns were buttery and crisp.
Would have been a 5 star but service was slow.

Total random location in a strip mall type thing.
Had to park in the back, as the front is almost always full.
I have no idea how I happened upon this place, but I'm glad I did, it never disappoints.
The wait staff seem like a family, I could be wrong, but I liked that about it.
The food was very good.
I had an omelette on one occassion and the country fried steak on another.
Always have leftovers, the portions are pretty big.
The prices are excellent for the amount of food you get.
You might have to wait a bit for your food, but its worth it.

Ranch House Grill gets a big fat "Meh" from me.
I love breakfast joints and am always looking for new places to try.
When I got a Groupon for Ranch House Grill I was hoping I would find a new place to add to our rotating list of breakfast hot spots.
Not so much.
The boyfriend and I went there on a Sunday morning, there was a wait but nothing too long.
I ordered the special - cinnamon raisin french toast, eggs and bacon.
Boyfriend got a ham and cheese omelet which he did say was pretty good.
My food was okay but nothing special.
The french toast was kinda small and didn't have a ton of flavor.
Eggs were fine, bacon was okay.
There was nothing bad about the food but there just wasn't anything great about it either.
At least nothing to make me want to go back.
Except maybe the Savers down the street - I found some great clothes there!

I'm dropping Ranch House Grill into the diner category, and in that category they rate a nice 3 stars.
The service was prompt and friendly, the prices were fair and the food was pretty good.
The huevos rancheros with roasted pork green chili was very tasty.
I would probably get that again if I were dining at Ranch House Grill again.
The diced green chili and cheese omelet was less impressive.
The green chili in the omelet didn't have alot of flavor and the omelet itself needed more cheese.
The shredded potatoes were nice and buttery but I like them with some crispiness, at least on the top and bottom.
These were a bit soggy but still good.
They just needed another minute on the grill.

Nothing bad about this place.
Charming and cute.
A little expensive for what it is.
I prefer 5th Ave Cafe, which has similarly good quality but for a lot less.

The green chile that they are known for is, in fact, quite good.
Everything on the breakfast menu is a little overpriced, but not horribly so.
It's a locally owned place, I think run by a family, which counts for some points with me.
Too bad the service is horrible.
After we checked in with the host, multiple parties (larger, smaller, and the same size as ours) were all seated before us.
When we finally did get seated, the waitress was inattentive and not knowledgeable about the menu.
After a 40 minute wait (for breakfast!
) she brought out the wrong plate of food, which my friend was just going to eat because we didn't want to wait for another plate to be made.
Instead, after he had taken a bite, she did bring out the correct plate.
That would have been great except we saw her JUST BRING THAT SAME PLATE OVER TO ANOTHER TABLE!!!
Wow.
When we complained later to the manager, he said "I know, I've heard it all before.
Just pay up and don't come back, I guess.
" That has got to be the worst customer service I've ever experienced!
Too bad Ranch House Grille, I really wanted to add you to my Phoenix rotation!

Service was a tad sketchy.
Had to ask a few times for coffee.
Maybe he was in the weeds.
But wondered if we just didn't look like decent tippers.
That would be a shame.
I've always enjoyed the food here though.

Came at the last minute for a lunch, party of 3.
Had one of the best burgers I've ever had.
I was happy for days after that one.
Cooked exactly as I ordered, medium rare, great bun, great steak fries.
This will be on my regular rotation for a good burger, though hopefully I can try things others have mentioned if I can be swayed away from the burger!

Breakfasts are good.
Service is attentive.
Waking for them to reopen.
Hope that they change the coffee vendor.
With all of the great coffee roasters in town, they shouldn't have lackluster coffee.
Rated as 3 due to the coffee.

Horrible!
Only two waiters.
Ran out of meat?!
Too expensive.
Had to get up and get our own coffee/juice.
If I could take stars away I would.
Save your time and money; eat at home.
Or mcdonalds.

Only had the country fried steak.
Had to say it's been pretty good every time.
Large portions.
Usually order to go.

went for breakfast, cute but the food was awful.
Honestly, Dennys serves better breakfast and I abhor chain restaurants.
I really wanted this local place to be great.
disappointed.

In spite of the Malayan curse and being a victim of an untimely conflagration in it's building, this gem is officially reborn and doing wonderful things once again!
As many of you know, Ranch House re-opened its doors last Monday, and today Peggy and I had the absolute pleasure of having breakfast there.
The food is superb, as always, and the service is excellent.
Chicken-fried steak (either with cream gravy or with green pork chili) is wonderfully favorable and not just breading.
The burritos are always top notch.
It is a pleasure to welcome back this neighborhood place!

= = = = = =  REOPENED!
= = = = = =  After closing due to a fire way back on November 1, 2010, Ranch House here finally reopened recently!
They just got their new sign up on the building Thursday but they were already back to being roaring busy without it!
:-)

Service is good and friendly also.
Each of us got a personal greeting when we walked in the door.
We went with a 4-person lunch crew, and we ALL liked EVERYTHING we ordered.
The fried fish was crispy and flaky-tender.
Onion rings, we could smell the beer batter.
Potato salad made in house.
Pastrami and cheese sammich was a winner.
Green chili burro was good, but the "red chile" bowl that came with it was even better.
Portion sizes are a good value and taste is even better.
If you are in the area, you should stop by and give these nice ladies some business - we need more places like this to stick around !!
P.S.
Corrected info.

I was so excited to eat at the Ranch House after their reopening.
During the 30+ mile drive one way to the restaurant from my house (I WAS a dedicated customer), I raved about the food to a friend who had joined me.
Unfortunately within 5 minutes of sitting down, I realized it was not how I remembered.
The service was HORRIBLE and the staff did not communicate to one another.
I ordered the chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy.
Apparently they ran out of biscuits (how does that happen in a restaurant who is known for their biscuits?).
The server also got our order completely wrong and instead of correcting the order, she disagreed with us and said we made the mistake.
No refills on drinks, a simple order that took 40 minutes to come from the kitchen, chewy chicken, barely warm gravy, a very unappetizing buckwheat pancake that was recommended and substituted for the biscuits, and a server who argues....way to go Ranch House.
Oh the kicker....another server noticed our frustration and offered to take my iced tea off the order.
As we were paying our bill the OWNER asked how was everything.
I simply replied "not as I remembered.
" The server who took my iced tea off the order walked up and told the owner what an experience we had.
His response was "hope you come back again.
"  I was so disappointed in this dining experience as well as the owner's lack of regard for our experience.
They have definitely lost a very devoted customer.

So badly wanted this place to work out, because of the proximity to the house, but it just didn't fare out as much as I hoped O_O womp womp.
I need consistency in the restaurants I visit, and after a couple of visits, Ranch House Grille got progressively dissapointing.
First visit: we ordered the half order of the chicken fried steak breakfast and the fried chicken and waffles.
Yum!
Loved that the half order was perfectly proportioned and at $7, perfect price.
This visit topped it off and made us want to come back the next weekend.
Second visit: womp.
womp.
womp.
This visit may have been a bad day for the chef because not only did they have to recook our chicken (leading to a really long wait) but the biscuits and gravy order was just not appetizing at all.
The biscuits were so dense that after a while, it was actually tiring to chew!
So I don't know..
I need more Arcadia/East Phoenix brunch options.

The best chicken fried steak.
I recommend it with the chili verde gravy.
The prices are good and the service is excellent.
I am so glad that they came back after the fire!

We went back for the first time since they reopened after the fire and had an exceptional lunch.
Chicken fried steak for one and fried chicken for the other.
Both were more than substantial in size and flavor.
The service was great..
It is nicer inside than it used to be.
Can't wait to go back!

If my neighbors, Joe and Craig (like you care what their names are) hadn't discussed this place in my presence, I wouldn't be here today.
I ordered the huevos rancheros, and my husband ordered the steak and eggs.
He loved his breakfast so much that he barely spoke.
I loved my breakfast.
And I mean, loved it.
Out of a sense of duty, i offered the hubby a bite, and luckily, he was too busy devouring his steak and eggs, thus declining.. My huevos rancheros had perfectly cooked (over well) eggs on top of corn tortillas.
On top?
A delicious pork green chili that was to-die-for delish.
In addition, you get rice and beans, AND hash browns!
Yummy, yummy, yummy!
The place is darling, very comfortable and has very nice personnel that are will to please.
We've already been back, and it was just as good the second time as it was the first!
This place is a winner!!

Ok the price for 2 for breakfast was over $27.00 without tip.
The eggs were not cooked correctly runny when should have been firm.
The chicken fried steak was ok not great.
Biscuits doughy in the middle.
Sausage grave just ok. Will not be going back anytime soon.
The service was ok but the food was not really great.

We rolled into Ranch House Grille at ten o'clock on a Saturday, hoping that the wait for breakfast would not be too long.
There were five of us, and it was just the standard family get-together.
The wait was not too long, only about ten minutes, before we had a table and menus.
This is not typical, I think we just got lucky.
The Ranch House has been a favorite with us for years, we've eaten at the Page restaurant as well as the Phoenix restaurant, which recently re-opened after a too-long remodelling hiatus.
Apparantly, there were some issues with the old building, code requirements and kitchen equipment, but happily for all, it has been resolved, and the Ranch House is back in action in the same building, essentially the same dining room, but now with a front door added.
There is also a nice, covered, vine-shaded patio with a couple of tables.
This time of year, too hot for me.
Amazingly, I've never had the green-chile CF steak.
This was the day to change that.
Ordered my eggs Over-medium and please bring a big glass of iced tea.
The wife had Huevos Rancheros, D1 had oatmeal with strawberries, D2 had a French-Dip and MIL had a turkey sandwich.
Yes, indeed, they serve anything off the menu anytime of day.
People have raved about the Green Chile and I've waited so long, my expectations were pretty high.
Fortunately, I was not disappointed.
I think the Chile could have been hotter, but that's a personal preference.
It was a savory, flavorful sauce, with chunks of tender and tasty pork.
This sauce was draped over a decent-sized portion of Chicken-Fried Steak and topped with a small pile of melting cheddar cheese.
The steak had a nice breading, still crispy, yet the meat was tender and easy to chew.
The eggs were slightly over-cooked, but the yolk was still perfectly runny, they just had a tough, brown edge that says the fire was too hot.
Hash browns were browned and crispy and this came with a side of toast, I had Rye.
The toast was your basic plain bread, nothing to brag about.
The wife was not so impressed with her dish, she is vegetarian, and said the green chile had too much pork/pork flavoring, the rice was flavorless and the beans tasted like pork.
Her eggs were cooked perfectly and she enjoyed the house-made salsa.
D2, as usual only ate half of her French-Dip sandwich, and so dad got to finish it.
I didn't try the Au Jus, but the beef was tasty and tender, with a bit of melted Provolone on a soft French roll.
I had it as leftovers, zapped in the astro-chef and slathered with mayonnaise.
It was tasty.
Everybody else seemed to like their food, and the young male waiter enjoyed flirting awkardly with D1, who pretty much just rolled her eyes.
The iced tea was good, service was acceptable, not exceptional, but we were not ignored.
Their prices have gone up, but it's still a good value.

This morning, I was on a date with 'self'.
I was in between clients and had a good 2.5 hours to spare and I was starving after my 3 hour massage session.
The Ranch House Grille is a homey place and the waiters are very attentive even before you are seated!
This morning was no different.
The waiter was so friendly, I thought he was going to ask me out, which was not an issue.
Friendliness over moodiness any day!
I have been about a dozen or so times with my clients to this country bit of a cafe in the Arcadia/Biltmore area.
The eggs are always fresh yet the coffee isn't worth a bean ~ AND I LOVE COFFEE!
I adore steak and eggs and the steak is less than moovelous ; -(    SOOO, I'll try the pancakes next time.
I like to stay in my neighborhood when I go out to eat, it will be worth another shot!

Went today to use our Amazon Deal coupon.
Since the place was busy and there was a waiting line, the hostess offered the option to sit at the counter.
We gladly accepted since we often find the service at the counter a step above table service.
We weren't disappointed.
Our waitress as very friendly and rountinely checked in with us during our meal.
Wife and I love steak and eggs so we both ordered the smaller 8oz portion.
In addition I ordered a side of biscuits and gravy for .75.
We got three eggs cooked perfectly, mine sunnyside up and the wife's basted.
Each platter (yes I said platter) had a large portion of golden hash browns, and two, not one cut of perfrectly cooked steak to order.
Not since our days in CHicago had we seen such a generous portion of steak on a plate.
The biscuits were just average at best, more like a dinner roll but the sausage gravy was the best I've had in the valley since we have been here,  Bottomline, this is the first time my wife has asked for a to go box for her steak.
She was stuffed as was I.
In fact we were so stuffed that on way home we decided to change our dinner plans to only a light salad!!!

Seven of us met for breakfast today, and I didn't hear one complaint from my party.
We showed up at 9:30 and were seated within 5 minutes.
I was a little hesitant, reading the negative reviews for this place, but left pleasantly surprised.
I'm not sure if they changed out their biscuits (based on previous reviews), but my friend who ordered them, complimented their biscuits and gravy.
I ordered the huevos rancheros with green chile, and loved it.
The dish came with rice, beans and hash browns.
Good job RHG!

I absolutely love the Ranch House!
Even when I have to wait to be seated, it is worth it.
The food is consistently excellent (especially the chicken fried steak)!
I also sincerely appreciate the always friendly customer service.

Used a Living Social coupon for my first meal at Ranch House Grille; I will be back.
The place is adorable, the service warm and efficient, and the food excellent.
Mom had liver and onions and oozed happiniess with every bite.
I had the chicken fried steak and was not disappointed.
The portions are huge, the quality of the food high, and the flavors excellent.
Look forward to trying it for breakfast.

I love this place!!!
Its 5am and Im up and ready to head there in about an hour.
The food is home cooking at its finest.
I love the service and the country fried chicken.

I went for the first time last week.
The service is awesome!
They were right on top of water and coffee refills, and the waitress couldn't have been friendlier.
I had the bacon and eggs, hash browns and multi grain toast.
Tasted great, with good portions.
I'll be back!

Ranch house rocks so does the service!

We were searcing for a yummy breakfast place.
Yelp* to the rescue again.
We were able to be seated immeediately.
The decor is not moderate or chic but homey.
They offer smaller portions of breakfast favorites like chicken fried steak.
It was great, tender and just the right size.
The chorizo breakfast burrito was nice and spicy.
Overall, worth every penny.

They were certainly packing in the customers on a Sunday morning, but that didn't stop us from being seated almost immediately.
Waitservice was rapid and pleasant.
My wife ordered the waffle and eggs benedict.
She was happy (not overjoyed) with the eggs--which I thought were PHENOMENAL--excellent hollandaise sauce.
She was overjoyed with the waffle, which I thought was great.
I had Chicken Fried Steak with eggs and silver dollar pancakes.
The steak was great, gravy was tasty, and the pancakes were at least 6 inches in diameter--which pleasantly surprised me, as I was expecting them to be a lot smaller.
They tasted really great as well.
We left full (but not exploding) for $30 plus tip.
All in all, a good experience and we'll defintely be back!!

Generally, I am NOT a breakfast person, but I LOVE this place.
Pros:  Good Service, seating quickly, good time,  always taken care of .
They definitely do know the meaning of Customer Service!
Always greeted right away, not too long of a wait, etc...  Cons:  my husband is not a fan of the biscuits here.
He thinks that they are more like dinner rolls than biscuits.
The juice leaves a weird after taste in my mouth, I don't know what that is, it's almost kind of 'soapy'   The chicken fried steak is better than good!

She planned for us to go here for sunday brunch!
I was thoroughly surprised that she planned it here.
Her backing was that its a "hole-in-the-wall local" place like how I like it.
I was like sure lets give it a try.
It took them 20 minutes to seat us, as it was busy and too cold & windy to sit outside.
The service was good and people amiable.
It was a typical breakfast place, right from pancakes, omlettes, salads, burgers, burritos, etc.
Had a few veggie options, like a typical breakfast place.
I got the avacado and black bean patty omelette.
Check pix.
Havta say didn't like the patty since it was soy based (like BOCA) and not a black bean garden based.
I got a side of the southwestern hash browns and a French toast, both were good as well.
All said and done, no particular reason I havta go back to this place when there are places like Mimi's and lolo's.
it's a small place with good people and decent food at almost the same price as other places.

Huge portions, great service, clean, confortable surroundings all welcomed me today to the Ranch House Grille.
I ordered the chicken fried steak with Homemade Pork Chili Verde $10.
Normally I would never in a million years order this, as I have stopped ordering chicken fried steak years ago because nobody makes it right.
After being talked into trying it, it arrived on my table and OMG, it is the BEST!
Tender, crispy steak with a perfect Chili Verde.
The breakfast also came with 2 eggs and a huge portion of hash browns.
Definately recomended.

Nice, comfy, clean ... good food - had the grilled chicken salad in a taco bowl - lots of chicken & the chicken was actually WARM!

Had to try this out!
YAY, now I have a new place for breakfast & lunch.
Got the Chicken Fried Steak breakfast with scrambled eggs, only problem, got the Chicken Fried Steak with chorizo and scrambled egg whites...but now I have a new favorite addiction!!!
The biscuits were okay, just not tasty enough for me.
Might be good with honey.
Got a sample of the pork chile verde, know why it gets awards for it.
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you.

We were out driving around and came upon this place.
Checked the Yelp reviews which were good so we stopped for bkfst.
Excellent portions and very reasonable prices.
We were fortunate to have been able to sit outside and while we were out there we kept hearing honking..Well, I guess the sign on the street said "honk if you love chicken fried steak"!
I guess it's pretty well loved...very good food and service!

I don't think I have ever EVER given a 5-star review before.
Let that sink into your head before I tell you about Ranch House.
I visited Scottsdale for Memorial weekend this year.
On our first morning there, my partner and I had just finished a little morning hike at Papago and decided that we should have some brunch.
We found this gem thanks to Yelp.
This place is a straight-up no nonsense down home cafe.
There's country music playing faintly in the background and it's the kind of place that probably has a lot of regulars.
It's seat-yourself style so you just go in and pop a squat at a table.
I have been to some pretty spectacular "world-class" famous restaurants here in LA, but Ranch House had the best waitress I have ever encountered.
A friendly young girl came over and introduced herself (think her name was Ashley) and this girl is seriously the best waitress I've ever had, and like I said I've eaten at Michelin star places.
At Ranch House, you pretty much just order how many eggs you want and what kind of meat you want.
Everything comes with hash browns and then either toast, pancakes or biscuits n gravy.
Ashley informed us that her favorite was the biscuits n gravy so we of course had to take her up on them.
I got bacon and my partner got the 8 oz steak.
He ordered it rare, because he likes medium rare but places usually cook things too well from what you say so he was assuming it would actually come out medium rare.
Well, it didn't, it came out straight-up rare and all cold in the middle.
I know this is totally all his fault for ordering it rare.
Ashley brought it out and immediately read his mind.
She asked if he really wanted it that rare or if he wanted it taken back to be thrown on for a few minutes--he obliged her and it came back PERFECTLY medium rare.
We both proceeded to feel dumb, btw.
Anyway, my bacon was floppy and thick-cut and I loved it.
The scrambled eggs were perfect.
The hash browns were some of the best I've ever had.
Loved every single thing about the meal.
Even their coffee here is brewed stuff and was a perfect wake-me-up after an early morning hike in the desert.
They put cucumber and lemon in the ice water which I liked as well.
Ashley was so patient, so attentive and did every single thing asked of her perfectly.
For a $25 bill I tipped Ashley $20 and left her a thank you note.
She earned it.
So we came back a second time just before we hit the road to leave Scottsdale and come back to LA.
This time we had an older lady with short hair who was also amazing.
The waitstaff here really cares about the restaurant and really cares about their jobs.
Once again my food was cooked perfectly.
This time the partner tried an omelette and it was seriously GINORMOUS.
For $10, he got an enormous omelette (which I'm pretty sure contained an ENTIRE avocado) and biscuits & gravy.
What a good deal.
Anytime in the future I come back through the Phoenix metro, I'm probably going to make it a point to go out of my way to eat here.
Like I said, I've never given a 5-star review before, but Ranch House TOTES earned it.

I've lived within walking distance for almost seven years but yesterday morning was my first visit to the Ranch House.
I had received a $5 off coupon in the mail so I decided to check it out.
I was expecting it to smell of smoke from the recent building fire next door, but there wasn't even a trace of it.
(The RH was closed for about 6 months after the fire.
) I found a seat by a window, sat down and was greated by the waitress.
I ordered an orange juice, one egg over medium (the waitress helped me order my eggs cooked just the way I like them) with buttered toast.
I substituted the hash browns for a fruit cup.
Everything was great and almost free after my coupon!
Next time I'll bring my Kindle to read while I dine.
I might even bring Peekaboo when it cools off outside because I noticed a couple with a Great Dane sit down at a table on the outside patio.
Dog friendly?
It must be.

I am not a food critic, I am more of a traveling foodie.
So, from the reviews & comments asserting this restaurant has the best chicken fried steak & green chili in Phoenix, that did not hold true for me.
The food was not bad but not great.
The combination omelet I had was quite good.
The hash browns were ok but the oil used to fry them tasted old.
The pancakes were just ok.
The service was friendly.
You get the atmosphere a decent local establishment that certainly has its following.
They make their own hot sauces which I tasted.
We went to try some place new.
I am glad we did but it was a drive.
I wouldn't go out of my way to go back anytime soon.

I went here for breakfast a few days ago with my mom and sister.
My mom had been wanting to try it for some time.
It's a nice place, very open floor plan, with Native American art pieces hanging on the wall.
It's a seat your self kind of place.
The food was good.
They serve the usual breakfast items.
Our waitress was really nice.
But the service was slow.
The place was about half full, so maybe that had something to do with it.
I believe I just saw the one waitress going around to everyone.
I liked it!
I'll come back for sure!

I took my husband here for breakfast for his birthday.
It was very good!
I had the huevos rancheros and the green chile pork was delicious!
The rest of it was good too.
My husband had bacon and eggs and he said it was good.
The staff was friendly and we were served quickly.
We'll definitely go again

Definitely worth the money.
I ate the meat for two more days it was that big.

My husband and I LOVE this place for breakfast.
Their "Green Chili Gravy Chicken Fried Steak" is fantastic!
The ambiance is "corner cafe" style... the breakfast fabulous.
Not sure about other meals, but breakfast is worth a try.

Ranch House Grille has quickly become my favorite breakfast spot.
Everything is from scratch and tastes homemade.
I love that the menu has a good variety.
You can get serious and order country fried steak with biscuits and gravy or something on the lighter side like yogurt, fruit and granola.
I think the pricing is fair.
You definitely won't leave hungry.
LocalDines.com generally offers a $10 for $20 deal.
I highly recommend Ranch House Grille!

Down home comfort food!
This has become a favorite for our friends & family when then come to visit from the midwest.
The best biscuits & gravy I've had in Phoenix.
Super friendly staff.

Love the chicken fried steak.
I will have to say it's the best in the valley.
Service was wonderful.
I have no complaint and I will be back very soon.

Hello, we love your place but was wondering why you do not serve the minced bacon or minced ham on your menu any more?
It is the best ever!
Please bring it back!!!
Thank you.

Green chili pork, chicken fried steak.
Nothing else needs yo be said!

Awesome food and Great service...a must try ....

sometimes you just want to go to an old fashioned country style restaraunt and order some biscuits n gravy and don't need all the over the top fixins some of the other places put (hint hint: snooze putting carrots in their gravy realllllyyyyy?!?!?!?!
) in their dishes.
the place serves generous size portions and I am a fan!

ranch House Grille use to be one of my favorite places to go for breakfast.
However I was very disappointed this past weekend with not only the service but with the food.
We went there for breakfast we sat and waited at a table for at least 10 minutes, I almost started to leave and then the waitress appeared and apologized for the delay, she was patient as we ordered but the food took a long time , I understand them being busy, so we were patient.
The food came out I ordered poached eggs, a buckwheat pancake and dry toast, the toast was coated with butter so I asked them to remake a new toast which they did, the pancake was okay,but a little dry but editable so I ate that, no syrup was brought to the table no waitress either so I hunted around and found some packs of honey for our pancakes.
Now to my eggs they were either porches hard or they were poached correctly and sat under light and got hard.
None the less they were rubbery and so bad I could not eat them, the waitress was more than happy to have them make me new ones but I lost my appetite and she did take them off the bill as I could not eat them.
My friends eggs were scrambled a little dry overlooked but his were edible.
I hate to complain but this was the worst meal that I have ever had there, I hate to say but I need to find a new favorite ,as I probably won't come back.
I gave it 2 stars as the waitress really tried to do the best she could and you do get big portions for the money but quality has surly suffered.

Driven by this place for years and it is always too busy to stop .
today .
not many cars, so I thought I would take a chance .
I thought to myself before I got out of the car .
either this place has gotten really bad .
due the lack of cars .
OR .
It is my lucky day.
IT WAS MY LUCKY DAY  Service was great .
my waitress recommended the meatloaf sandwich special .
and I was skeptical .
meatloaf with grilled onions and barbeque sauce on grilled sour dough .
I died and went to heaven .
Fries were hot crispy and great with the barbeque sauce that oozed out of the sandwich.
Not only was this place a strong 5 stars .
but it was a 7 napkin sandwich .
I will definitely be back .

Great place to go for green chili, super tasty!
Also, the omelettes are fantastic, very fresh and good sized portion.
The service was friendly and efficient.

My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast one weekend and were unimpressed.
The parking was terrible and service just OK.
I ordered the eggs benedict which had the sweetest hollandise sauce and my boyfriend said IHOPs chicken fried steak was better.
The server never came back to fill up our drinks and just dropped off the check to never be seen again (pay upfront).
Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.

Good neighborhood restaurant with homestyle food.
I particularly love the fish and chips.
It's hard to get that anywhere these days.
Love the giant cups of soda the give you with the crushed ice.
Servers and staff are friendly (but see below).
The time between ordering and getting your food is good.
I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that they need to work on the attentiveness of their servers.
It's hit or miss and the servers don't always come back to check on you enough.
I know it's a fine line between not enough service and too much.
I think Ranch House is tipping toward the not enough side.
I want to emphasize though that servers are very friendly with a great attitude.
Overall, great neighborhood feel.
Glad to support a local business.
I'll be going back!

For us, this is the best breakfast in Phoenix, and maybe lunch too.
Packed with old time regulars who know what they like, this is a throwback cafe with a great menu and even greater food.
Don't miss the green chile on anything, I like the pork chop and eggs.
M'lady orders hash everywhere it is fresh, and declares theirs a winner

The chicken fried steak here is awesome.
The parking is not that great, and there is a small wait.
The food and service was worth the wait

The chicken-fried steak topped with green chile pork was phenomenal.
It was accompanied by perfect hash browns and two eggs cooked just right to order.
Instead of toast we opted for the biscuits and gravy- an amazing upgrade for just 75 cents more.
We headed out the door as full as if we just had a Thanksgiving feast.
Oh, and we were holding go-cups of the drinks we had with our meals.
Excellent service and management at a place that does it right.

