We attempted to walk to this In-N-Out (which is possible, by the way) but since we were pretty hungry (and continuing our walk involved crossing a relatively dangerous street), we hailed a taxi which took us the last quarter mile there.
The parking lot was packed with cars.
Other taxis were taking folks here (and I might have seen a limo).
The line was pretty long, snaking almost outside the door.
Diners were eating outside as well as inside, but while waiting, we somehow managed to secure a few tables for our group.
Service was going as fast as they could; there simply was an amazing mass of customers.
I ordered a 3x3 Animal Style.
As usual, it was DELICIOUS (either you love In-N-Out or you don't, I fall in the former camp).
One of my friends requested hot peppers and they came out in little baggies - that's the first time I've seen that at an In-N-Out, and it made my burger even better.
If you like In-N-Out, this is one of the good ones, which makes everything just the way they usually do it.
Recommended for a good, greasy fast food meal off the Strip, nothing more.

Very, very funny...like my other pal in review here-we ALSO tried to walk here from the MGM, a nice stroll down the strip?
WRONG...also had to take a cab for a 1/4 of a mile...hilarious.
Anyway, In and Outs are only in CA, NV and AZ...so whenever I am there this MI gal wants her in and out...I took my pal from Boston for the first time and she asked, "Is this going to ruin McDonalds for me?
" Answer: YES, 100% puts McDonalds burgers to SHAME.
In and Out fries are not that great, but the burgers make it totally worth it(and you better like burgers because you can't get anything else there aside from pop and or a fantastic shake!
)...unlike McD's and the rest of the places, they are literally using fresh beef to make the burger, the buns are fresh and buttered and they come with FRESH sliced tomato, onion and lettuce and a special sauce that is to die for...they use real cheese for the cheese fries too!
Bottom line...GO here if you have never been unless you want to ruin your fast food burger experience forever....

Hmm...
I guess my friends and I were just too hyped up about this place.
This was my first trip to Vegas and the first meal we had off the plane was In-N-Out.
I knew this place was going to be a tourist trap but the crowd is insane.
Despite the amount of people, there is plenty of seating.
My order took about 8 minutes after I ordered.
Not too fast for a fast food joint.
Anyhoo, the Double Double burger was good but I can't say the same for the fries.
Made from high grade potatoes?
That's nice.
Too bad they're soggy!
I'd give this place 4 stars but to me a burger joint can only be outstanding if BOTH the burger and fries are good.

This might be the most ridiculous In-N-Out ever due to the massive neon sign along I-15.
Having grown up in San Diego, I'm no stranger to In-N-Out.
The burgers are great.
Well worth the wait for something that's truly made fresh in a fast food atmosphere.
I also love the shakes.
Too bad they're only served in one size.
Or maybe that's a good thing for my calorie count.
This particular location is always packed.
I drive home around midnight every night and I've stopped through the drive-through and it's a solid 10 minute process or more.
I'm not sure if it's a tourist thing being near the strip, but this one is slower than most.
That's saying something since most In-N-Outs are always busy.
I'd suggest the In-N-Out in the northwest part of town for faster service.
The only thing I am not impressed with are the fries.
I hardly ever get fries here.
It's a waste of time.
And of course there's the famed secret menu.
Look it up on the internets and you can find out how to get a grilled cheese and the like.
Good times.

I've heard about In-N-Out Burger ever since I was a kid and have always wanted to try it.
In fact, according to a recent food survey on the internet I read that it was voted the best burger joint in America.
Thus my expectations were rather high when I stepped into this burger joint.
I have to admit the burger was good, marginally better than any that I've had at other fast food franchises.
Perhaps it was a classic case of overly high expectations, but I wasn't blown away by the food either.
The burgers were cheap,$1.69 for a cheese burger, which along with their tasty fare is probably the reason for their success.
Nevertheless, I didn't think the food was worth the $30 cab ride from and to our hotel, but if I was driving around with car I wouldn't mind stopping by once in awhile.

Absolutely impressed here.
Went in around 7 PM to order for 10+ people at work.
We had an extremely complex order, and the cashier nailed it without me having to repeat anything.
Then he went ahead and personally made sure every single item was correct and in the boxes/bags.
It was all ready in under 10 minutes including 12 burgers,12 shakes, 10 fries, etc.
The food was absolutely superb.
This was only my 2nd time at an In N Out being from the East Coast, and I finally learned about animal style, and it was amazing.
The only downside is that it requires a RUN across an offramp to walk here.
The sidewalk just freaking ends on Tropicana for about 300 yards.
Lame.
We had to go back and get our car.
Oh and to feed 12 or so of us was $70.
Amazing.

I love In-N-Out ...
It'd be a while since I'd last had it ...but it's so well worth it!
I can go on and on about how friendly and efficient the staff is ... or how good the  burgers are ... but really, I tried animal style fries for the first time today ... WOW.
So good.
Not a treat you can have often (if you want to continue fitting into your clothing size) but once in a while is a must.
I love In-N-Out.
:-)

Definitely the best fast food burger in the west!
Everything is fresh fresh fresh, service is fast fast fast, and prices are cheap cheap cheap!
The fries actually taste like a potato was used in the process and they are to die for.
And the best damn burgers you can find without leaving your car.
I've been an In-N-Out fan for almost 30 years and have yet to find a better burger deal or a better burger from my car.
Other reviewers have my interest piqued regarding their secret menu and animal style fries ...
So I'm off to Google INO and delve further.

YES.
This was exactly what I needed.
Everyone I go to is a marvel in efficiency and obviously the price is right.
Make it a double and get a vanilla milkshake for dessert.
You can't go wrong.

Best Burger, wish you can come to east coast.

You kept me fed in Vegas.
This place was my addiction.
Oh sure, you can gamble, mess with women hotter than the sun, and drink free, but the burger is what kept me up at nights.
I don't know what it is you do at this location, but keep doing it.
Fresh cut fries.
In a fast food joint.
Why don't more places do this?

First stop out of the airport... what more can I say!
There was one year, when my flight out delayed and I just missed the getting in for my double-double animal style, fries - also animal style, and my shake.
I had to sadly watched the last costumers eating through the glass.
Now I book my flights inconsideration of the closing time.

Gambling is my addiction.
Vegas is my addiction.
Running is my addiction.
But this place...this is my everything.
I think this is the reason I keep coming back every couple months.
Not for gambling.
Not for drinking.
Not for running.
Not to see friends.
Maybe not even to see my parents.
I think it's because of the double-double meal.
And an extra fries animal style on top of that.
And possibly my parent's fries that they don't finish (sometimes i tend to overeat =)).
I've been coming to this place for years and not once has it failed.
The week before i arrive my mom always calls and asks if i want to go to In-n-Out after I land.
Though this time i waited since i was running the half marathon on sunday, i wanted to make sure when i ate there it was THAT much better.
I dig their chocolate shake too, and not the wiener's circle kind.
I think proximity factors into my rating, as i seriously crave this stuff when i'm in chicago.
Sometimes i lick my in-n-out sticker hoping the burger smell/taste is still there.
Oops did i just say that?
Let's ignore the last statement.
Also, they just opened an In-n-Out about 3 minutes from my parent's house, so this relationship may have competition.
Well, there's always room for 3.
See you again in two weeks!

Just had a great experience here.
Not a first timer of course, and this one had to be special for some reason.
We were on the way back to the airport after running in the Vegas Marathon and decided to go to In-N-Out.
So we told the cabbie to go and drop us off and wait.
He said, don't worry about it we'll get drive-thru.
It was the greatest cab ride ever!
Delicious Double-Double and a ride to the airport.
We bought him a burger of course and tipped him nicely.
The only reason why they get 4 instead of 5 is the fries.
They aren't anything to write home about.
Or write on yelp about for that matter.
Except to say that they are sub par of course.

This In-N-Out made me appreciate the ones back home so much.
After long nights of pure partying, my friends and I came to this place two days in a row and it tasted better each time.
The silent battles for a table in this madhouse made the experience even better.
It was like a game within a challenge (to eat before you pass out).
Damn, I love this place.

In-N-Out burger has got to be the best burger out there for the price.
I could live off of the double double protien style, no onions.
Yes I am their #1 fan.
I even dressed up as an In-N-Out girl for Halloween.
One Halloween my girlfriends and I decided to dress up as fast food girls instead of the usual bunnies, french maids, hookers, dominatrix, pirate wench's, basically the usual excuse for them bitches to dress up as sluts.
We had a Krispy Kreme girl, A Hot dog on a Stick girl and me the In-n-Out girl.
I bought my shirt from their souvenir shop next to the restaurant.
I also bought my hat, my apron and my larger than life safety pin to hold it all together.
The souvenir shop sells it all.
We went out that night and realized that we looked quite normal.
My girlfriend got out her scissors and started cutting out our shirts, cutting our shorts shorter.
So basically we were Fast Food Whores.
I guess Halloween is really the one day of the year it's okay to be a slut.
Sorry bout the rant, I love In-N-Out.
5 stars.

I went here 3 times in 13 days.
It would've been more if my family wasn't grossed out by that fact.

Oh Dear In-N-Out,  How I love thee!
Yet, I fear our long distance relationship will not last.
The distance!
Me turning away from meat (as much as possible)!
And you, well you'll never change (and that's a good thing.
)  If you were closer it may work but for now let us depart on a good note and remember the happy times.
There will always be a place in my heart (and stomach) for you sweet, sweet In-N-Out.
Love, Naurry  P.S.
Can we still be (culinary) fuck buddies for those times I come into town?

I miss you monster-style.

I have family in the west coast, and I specifically make a point to go to in-n-out whenever i get the opportunity.
This place beats any conglomomcfastfood place hands down.
The best part about it is the special sauce... it somewhat resembles a the big macs special sauce, but BETTER.
The animal fries are fantastically fatalicious, and worth breaking your diet for.
The food is just so simple, and so totally flippin sweet, it makes my mouth water just thinking about it.
My family may have gotten mad at me for making them wait to eat their food so I could get some good shots, but so be it.

I love cheeseburgers, anyone that knows me knows this.
In N Out Burger is hands down the best cheeseburger I had ever eaten in my life.
When we went to Vegas 2 years ago, I had my first In N Out Burger.
We went to L.A. last summer, we got off the plane, got our luggage, got the rental car and proceeded directly to In N Out Burger @ The 405 and Inglewood Avenue.
They can make a burger as big as a 4x4, I got the 3x3 myself with well done cheese fries.
The fries are decent, I know a lot of people don't care for them, but the burgers are the best you will ever have.
The location in this review is nice and convenient, its a short walk from New York New York right down Tropicana Ave under I-15.
They also have a company store, which we bought some mugs and T-shirts at after lunch.
I always recommend In N Out to friends going to Vegas or Cali.
You're only going to find them in Arizona, California, Nevada and Utah, that's the only drawback since they are not franchised.
I wish they'd franchise and open up in the Chicago area, they'd kill out here.

My clothes smell like onions.
Glorious.

Despite the near-inaccessibility of this In-N-Out location, you'll still find it packed to the gills with tourists looking to find out what's so special about this burger joint.
I don't have to tell you it's worth it.
Because of this location's proximity to the Strip you'll be hard pressed to avoid a longish wait time and find a place to sit.
Wait it out and you'll be rewarded with a tasty burger (and fries and a milkshake... you ordered all of those, right?).
It might be one of the better hangover cures you'll experience in Vegas.

My first time ever to eat at In & Out.
The place was absolutely packed.
The kitchen area seemed to be extremely efficient with everyone just busting their butts at every single spot possible.
I ordered the Double Double with fries and was presented with a really solid burger.
Ate with hot peppers and a little bit of extra sauce to dip in.
Whenever I'm close to an In & Out, I'll definitely be back.

good burger joint, always packed, simple menu, cheap price, the menu is simple, burger, fries drink or chesse burger, fries and drink or double burger, fries and a drink (cheese optional) btw....an item not on the menu is (order your burger "animal style"----and it comes with extra toppings including fried onions) you have to know about the animal style or else its not advertised.....

I prefer my beef like I like my men, rich and meaty!
And that's definitely what I got here at this famous burger joint.
Oh my and animal style is the only way to go for some incredible seasonings and lots of condiments/toppings.
I repeat, animal style is the only way you want your cheeseburger fixed!
Have no fear your won't find lettuce here to take away from the savory goodness of the rich meat and cheese.
The fries tasted healthier because they were freshly cut with the skin still on them.
Personally I like greasy soggy fries but if you need some excuse to think you're eating healthy then they would be the reason.
Drive through lady was nice as she tried to share this special recipe that they have their for the lemonade tea.
Not really sure so you'll have to ask what she was talking about.
I was too distracted by the aroma of the food.
Damn it, now I'll have to find another excuse to get to the West coast ASAP for one of the best burgers I've ever had.

the classic family owned burger joint that is a must stop for everyone visiting the west coast.
tasty, beef burger and awesome shakes!
yum!!
prepare to wait due to demand and lines.

Fries well done are just awesome.

We were in Las Vegas for 4 days and ate here 3 times including on the way to the airport when we made our cab stop here on the way AND including *walking* here from Venetian despite having to go over a river and through the woods (actually over a highway and through some sidewalk-less streets).
The burgers are amazing, the fries are incredible, why, we cried, don't we have any of these on the east coast?
Why?

If you want a Cheap and Good Eat, come to In n out.
Just because you are in Vegas, doesn't mean you are expected to pay $15-$30 for each meal.
$5 here will leave you satisfied and full.
Simple and easy menu.
Double Double with onions and fries.
THE BEST!
I feel bad for states that don't have In N Out.
You guys are missing out.

Say what!
I love this place.
After a long ass flight from NYC and a lack of unlimited snacks on an airline that shall remain nameless we grabbed our drop top car (yes drop top) and saw this from the highway.
Being this was our third time to Vegas together we are really getting a feel for this place and baby this will be one of OUR spots from now on.
My poor husband's blood sugar was dropping and needed food fast (me too I mean your girl loves to eat).
Well it was fast.
We even found a spot right outside to sit and savor our fare.
I'd take InandOut over McD's anytime.
I think we have a tradition now.
Get off plane, get car, go to In and Out burger.

I'm not a huge fast food fan -- but I spent some time in LA when I worked for Yahoo!
and I fell in LOVE with In-n-Out burger.
THANK GOD there are none in Chicago or I'd be 7000 lbs.
I went twice when I was in Las Vegas -- once for dinner with my sister and then again on the way to the airport -- yes, we had a cabbie take us through the drive through.
I am not a fan of the fries at all -- so I skipped those, but the burgers are RIDICULOUS.
Yummmmmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
It's not really even fast food -- everything is fresh and never frozen and just so damn good.
It was my sister's first time at In-n-Out and she is one hard to please cookie -- she LOVED it.
I can't wait to be back in Vegas -- I may have to stop right when I get off the plane.
Which makes me think .... why don't they put one in the airport???
GENIUS IDEA if I do say so myself.

Oh meeee geeee, I finally got to try to the Famous In-N-Out burger.
I have not even been to California in years so I went to this location which is said to be the busiest in Vegas.
I loved the burger and the fries were excellent as well.
I did not get the fries "Animal Style" as I found out later it would've had cheese and onions on it I believe.
I really wish I ended up going to this spot more than the one time I ended up going.
The last day I was too busy packing and stuff getting ready to head back to NY.

Always get animal style burgers.
Goodluck eating outside in the summer Four adults fit on the shaded side of the bench one person is left in the sun roasting like a mofo.
Remember it closes on fri and sat  at1:30am.

As soon as I booked my trip to LV, the thing I was most excited about was In-n-out burger.
I even rented a car so I could go there whenever I wanted.
The place is totally packed, but they are fast there.
The long line goes by fast and once you order, they cook your food quickly.
Which is key.
Waiting there when you see all the other people eating those amazing burgers while the smell is everywhere is torture.
We each had two cheeseburgers and split fries and a shake.
I actually prefer 2 cheeseburgers to a double double.
Thats just me in general.
I don't usually order double cheeseburgers anywhere.
Same with shake shack, I get regular cheeseburgers.
As soon as I took a burger out and bit into it, the rental car expense and the yearning was completely validated.
The bun is great, and the sauce tastes really good.
Ketchup / mayo combination?
Tastes kinda like Big Mac sauce only better.
Technically , I'm not sure how good the actual patty is - it's pretty thin and cooked throughout..but it's fast food and tastes amazing mixed with the cheese, lettuce, tomato, sauce and bun..
The fries are made right there when they put these potatoes through some sort of machine that slices them up, and they are delicious without being too greasy.
It just amazes me that for 2 people to eat this meal, it was like 12 bucks.
It actually depresses me that they don't have this on the east coast and I will have to wait until I go back to vegas or somewhere else out west to experience in n out again.
OMG i can't wait to go back there, its just incredible!

Still one of if not my favorite Burger   and I have to get one every time I am in  a state with InNOut as we don't have them in Seattle  so from down town take the bus up the strip too Dean Martin Way then cross the street & catch the 201 west bound and it will let you off just across the street from this InNOut  Had me a Double Double Animal Style and some fries, oh yeah the Tummy was sedated for a few hours, wish I had Animal Styled the fries also, oh well next time baby   right next door just across the lot at this location they have a gift shop with Hats, Shirts, Back Packs, Travel Mugs, and Jackets plus a few other little gifts to show your InNOut Pride

There was a truckload of hype by all the In-N-Out disciples that this was the Mecca of hamburgers.
I pried myself away from strippers, gambling and general debauchery to devour some of this fabled food and though not blown away, it made my tummy happy.
I ordered a Double Double Animal style along with Animal style fries and a chocolate shake to wash it all down.
I had been drinking all the free booze while gambling and needed something greasy and heavy to calm my stomach and line it for...well, more drinking.
The burger was good, hot, a little messy...which is a good thing in my book.
The thousand island dressing didn't drown out the fried onion flavor on the burger or fries and the tomato and burger still had some room to show off their flavor too.
It wasn't a let down, it was quite good.
Better than Five Guys?
No way.
This joint is right off the 15 so don't expect to walk there if you're staying at a hotel on the strip.
Grab a cab and head out.
The employees at this In-N-Out were attentive, efficient and very polite.
They were slammed right after I got my food and they kept the line moving.

This is worth the flight from NYC alone.
nuff said.

Amazing.
Truly the best thing i've eaten in las vegas.
I came home from the bowling tournament at 1230am and was looking around and saw this wonderful place and ordered a double double and fries....quite possible the most amzing thing i've eaten in vegas....perfect.

Animal Style is truly a revelation!
The rumours are true, In-N-Out is amazing!
The fries were not as mind blowing as the burger, so I'd suggest asking for the extra crispy.
If you worried about gaining a extra In-N-Out pounds while your out west, just skip 'em honestly.
So good!

When it comes to your semi fast food/hamburger joints....look no further!!
Simply one of the best in my opinion (insert jack in the box here), all the time!
Double double???
yes please!!

You know, I really don't see the allure.
It's just another burger, I don't even like the fries, and I think Wendy's frosties are better than the shakes.
I understand that it's an old school burger place, but it's literally just like every other fast food joint.
Just because they have a 'secret menu' doesn't make the food better.
Totally standard fast food fare, lines are way too long (though they move quickly), and it's pretty hard to get a seat in the restaurant.
Overall, not very impressed.
I don't care if I'm one of the only dissenters, I'm judging on the overall quality of the dining experience, not the OMG IM AT IN N OUT BURGER!!!!!!
!11one LOLOLOLOL

Wow, if you dont like, then get back in your trailer and keep it moving!
:)  By far the best burger you will get, fries and shake are good, but its the burger that makes it.
Theres a reason its pack all hours of the day and night!

This is the busiest place you have ever been to.
BUT the FASTEST service you've ever seen!
According to Local News Sources this location serves 6-8000 hamburgers a day!!
Almost every visitor to Las Vegas must have this location on their "to do list"-I do see lots of tourists taking pictures and raving about it as they sit and devour their burgers.
Being a local I eat @IN_N_OUT_Burger pretty regularly so I like to change it up and do something different every now and again.
I ordered a 4x4 w/pickles & onion ONLY plus a regular with everything.
2 orders of fries.
Only the 4x4 was mine but it was a real challenge to eat it all-BUT  I was determined not to wuss out in front of my son.
It's only $1 to add an extra patty w/cheese so dare to be different and next time go crazy and try a 10x10 !!
ps.
The COOLEST thing about this location is the GIFT SHOP outback.
You can get all those cool In-N-Out souvenirs you've been checking out in the brochures.

Had to stop in here on a recent trip to Vegas.
Gotta get my In-N-Out fix!
This particular In-N-Out had a line out the door when we went (Saturday afternoon).
It's proximity to the strip likely makes it a hot tourist destination.
The one unique thing about this In-N-Out is the company store located right next door to the restaurant.
Here you'll find everything In-N-Out related that you could possibly want, including toddler and kids clothes.
I picked up a little button down for my son.

All In-n-Out Burgers are good.
This one tops them all.
The best in Vegas and best one I have ever been to.
Everything is always fresh.
The works are friendly and cool.
The food is always good.
This is the one  In-n-Out Burger you should come experience  to see what success is all about.
Plus any Burger joint that offers Vegetarian options gets points in my book.
The way a Burger Joint should be.

Living in Southern California, we have In N Outs all over the place around here, so the experience is nothing new to me, though I tend not to frequent them too often.
I stopped at this location on a recent drive home from Colorado and was amazed at the massive amount of people inside the restaurant.
Now, In N Outs are generally busy at all times of day & night, with at least 5-6 cars or more in the drive-thru at any given moment.
But nothing I've ever seen even compares to the sheer number of folks inside this particular In N Out, waiting to get their burger on.
It was a Wednesday, around lunch time, and I got a regular cheeseburger, grilled cheese, fries and soda.
The wait to get my food was only about 5-7 minutes which I thought was nothing short of amazing given the mass of humanity surrounding me on all sides at all times.
Eating side wasn't an option (even for a party of 2) because there just wasn't any place to sit down, so we ate outside in the shade (in 100+ degree heat, but it's a dry heat!).
Good food, good times.

Good place to get a good cheap meal.

In-n-Out Burger, why oh why aren't you in Boston...  Alas, I'd weigh several thousand pounds if you were.
Delicious, fast, cheap.
All you need to know!
Already drooling with anticipation of going back...  soon, I hope!

I missed In-N-Out terribly being that they are so rude that they have not opened a store in Austin Texas yet.
Seriously, why do you have to do this to me?
I was hoping that MAYBE I had remembered the food being better than it was, and that really, the burger places around here were actually yummier.
Nope.
Double doubles are all that and then some.
The fries are heaven.
I probably shouldn't have eaten here because now I won't be satisfied with the burgers I get here in Texas.
Tip: you CAN walk here from the strip.
Just walk down the sidewalk on the excalibur side of the street across the freeway bridge entrance area and under another little bridge and you're there.
It's like a 15 minute walk.
We took a cab there because we didn't know where it was, but we totally felt silly about it when we got there and then walked back.

Whover decided to put an In-N-Out Burger in Vegas is a god damn genius!
Are you hungover?
Do you want to shoot yourself?
Having an FML moment?
Well make your way to In-N-Out Burger!
After a night of drinking it will save your life.
Lost all your money gambling?
It's cheap!
Burger, fries, shake - simple and satisfying.
This place is ALWAYS packed so be prepared to wait.

Service is awesome, I think they train the staff on the most excellent customer service.
I go here for the food, but the customer service is the cherry on top.
Cabbed here, not quite sure if you can walk to the location.
Getting cabs back to the strip is also not that bad.
The only bad thing is that sometimes you get higher order numbers getting their food first, but the wait is not unbearable.
Love the place!

I don't know how people in Vegas can call this nasty shit "food".
Seriously, are all of your taste buds dead and everything tastes like cardboard?
Wish I could give a negative rating, because not only is there bad food, but they put religious tracts on their cups.
(At least they did last time I was there.
)   Disgusting.
Save your money and go to Fatburger or Grind.

Apparently "animal style" fries are all the rage at this In-N-Out Burger...I hardly saw a customer walk by without their fries smothered in cheese, grilled onions and secret sauce.
Definitely my first time every experiencing this phenomenon, and I happen to be a long time patron of the In-N-Out establishment.
Ya learn something new everyday....

Went to my first one while I was in Vegas for a trip.
I don't get it, it tasted like just about every fast food burger.
Nothing compares to the burgers I can get at any dive bar in NYC, Chicago, or Buffalo.
If I had my choice of chains I'd take a Sonic burger over In and Out.

Ok, what's the deal with all the 5 star reviews?
A friend and I had heard about the great food at In-N-Out for years, so we came here with positive expectations.
Got our burgers and fries, sat down, took one bite, then... "What do you think?
" "Oh, I don't know, what do you think?
" And so it went.
Folks, these are good basic burgers, but far from great.
The only explanation I can think of for all the ecstatic reviews is somehow they hypnotize you as you walk in the door, and for some reason we were immune.
Or maybe they put something in the drinks.
Meh squared.

I almost wet myself when I saw the In & Out burger from our taxi on the freeway.
I was slightly hung over of course- so that could of been another reason as to why I almost wet myself.
Sadly my friend made me wait till that evening to get my fix, but it was worth the wait.
I LOVE In & Out burgers, when I say love it's an understatement.
I abso-fuckin-lutely LOVE them.
I swear to GOD they put crack in their burgers.
All the gourmet burgers in the world couldn't change my feelings for the double double animal style.
So simple, yet sooo perfect in every way.
It's so messed up that we don't have an in & out burger in WA.
Maybe it's a good thing because I'm sure I would be 400 lbs.
I breaks my heart that I have to go to California or Nevada just to get a burger.
I like to animal style it up, but find that the fries aren't too great animal style- especially after you have a double double animal style, it becomes a bit too much, just me though.

prrrrrfect!!!

Best burger ever.
They are made fresh - the place is so crowded they keep pumping them out, so they aint sitting around, under lights, or whatever.
People take cabs to this place, and the parking lot is a real cluster.
Gottabe animal-style, or you get arrested - the only thing you can get arrested for in Vegas, other than drinking a Coors Light in the dugout at a softball game, but that's another story.

what else is there to say about this place that hasnt been said already?
I came to vegas for 5 days and ate here twice.
ive heard about in-n-out for a while and we dont have it on the east coast.
if you are tired of the dining on the strip (and the prices), in-n-out is the way to go.
this is probably one of the best values u will get if you are staying on the strip.
traveling by bus from the strip will cost you $1.75 each way.
the wait for the bus was never more than 10 minutes.
keep in mind, that the bus fees are different from the bus fees on the "deuce" bus, which is $3 each way.
im still craving in-n-out burger.
its so simple but so good.

Fresh, juicy, and flavorful.
Be sure to get the double double to enjoy the full flavor of the meat and cheese.
Truly fresh veggies and I really like the sauce that resembles a homemade thousand island dressing.
The fries are standard issue julienned fries but are hot out of the fryer, crispy and just right salted.
This location was busy but not impossible to get a seat.
Everything seemed clean in spite of the crowd.

Well!
Here I am again rating a restaurant chain, but I have good reason!
I have things to tell you!
Many magical great things!
This is the closest In and Out to the Strip (Bellagio, Monte Carlo, New York New York, Paris, etc).
It is a reasonable walking distance and gives you a fantastic reason to order 2 double doubles animal style instead of just 1.
Ok, maybe it was just that one thing...  All in all, everything that you would expect from an In and Out.
Fairly clean, and quick service.
Burgers were extremely tasty as usual and they have indoor and outdoor seating.
And if you get tired after eating and don't want to walk back, they often have taxis waiting outside to take you back to your hotel!

How much can you expect me to remember in Vegas other than i know i was there.
Only hospitals use more bright lights and i was a few drinks away from that.
But i did eat at In-N-Out.
I've heard the hype about In-N-Out since i was in high-school.
I got my chance and they're close to the best.
No, wait...no, I haven't had a fast food burger as good.
They make em' quick and hot; and may i add it keeps you coming back.
Before your mind wanders any further away from these burgers--with buns so delicious you can kiss them as you caress, sauce oozing out, and lots of meat to excite you into returning for more.
A heavy napkin should conclude this festivity depending on where your mind is.
What happens in Vegas stays on Yelp.
By the way, two words: Animal Style!
Very much worth it.

Ok, it's not the wonderful burger that my Californian friends were raving about.
I'll even second those here who suggest preferring Five Guys' burgers when it comes to chains.
Still, it was very good and I'd definitely come back if I were in the area.
It's cheap, and the various not-so-secret-off-menu options provide endless calorie opportunities.
I notched a star off because their fries are just plain terrible.
Warning: if you have agoraphobia, do not go there.
It's CROWDED.

How can you make freshly cut fries taste frozen?
I don't know, but In-n-Out managed to find a way.
They're completely bland... the insides are not thoroughly cooked.... and well, I'd take ANY chain's fries over theirs!
But but but, the animal style burger was very good.
And the price tag was even better.
We were completely sticker-shocked after spending a few days in Vegas.
Side note here but if you ever wander up and down the strip, take note how much a cup of coffee costs at Starbucks.
Outside the casinos: $1.40.
Inside the casinos: $2.80+ Soo... how can a burger cost $2???
Which, of course, just made me even more angry that night when I paid $46 for the Wynn buffet...
I would definitely recommend getting the burger animal-style... bf likes his burgers "classic" and he got screweddd.
what a sucker.
The difference lies in the pickles, the caramelized onions, and the sauce.
He got...
I don't even remember what was in it besides tomato, lettuce, and cheese because I took a bite and went "HA!
" then continued eating mine.
Still, West Coasters need to stop prancing about In-n-Out like it's the queen of freaking Sheba.
One friend (from California, mind you) claimed the burgers in the LV joint weren't as good as the ones from California.
For that, I call his big fat bluff.
But I could go for a double double animal-style right now...
I really was just referring to the burger, guys.

I've always wanted to try In-N-Out coz of all the hype and what better place to do it than Vegas for my first time.
I have to admit I was very skeptical at first but when I saw the massive cue in the drive thru and inside, I thought to myself this place must be pretty good.
I felt kind of ridiculous standing in line, wasting my time waiting for a burger, but the people watching was interesting.
Random obese men with back and kidney tits breathing heavily and scratching and sniffing like junkies waiting for a fix.
People openly drinking beer in public.
Some had mullets.
Others did not.
I finally got my order.
A cheeseburger combo.
It just looked like any old random fast food burger except it was wrapped a little nicer and the person who handed it to me had a smile.
I opened it up to inspect what was inside and it had the florescent yellow processed cheese square, a slice of tomato, lettuce, some beige goo and a pathetic lumpy brown disc that resembled beef.
Took one bite and decided to give the fries a chance.
They were bland, but when salted or smothered in catsup, they tasted much better.
Since it was so cheap, instead of polluting my body any further i decided to just trash the whole lot.
I was paying for the experience not the food.
This is a biased review because I didn't stumble in here drunk.
I think that's where all the 5*'s came from.
On a side note these were the happiest fast food employees I've ever seen.
They addressed everyone as "Sir" of "Mam" and even as I was dumping my full tray of food into the trash, the guy sweeping the floors gave me a thumbs up as I walked out the door.
You just don't get that kind of love and tenderness at McDonalds.
I still won't be back though.

alright people...come.on.In-N-Out is pretty f*cking bomb I cant lie.But seriously,best burger ever?not even.Iv'e had better burgers at TGI friday's.And im not ripping on In-N-Out, but it's a chain.Its not sumthin u can only get in vegas.Its not one of a kind.Dont get me wrong,i love animal style anything,but best burger ever is sumthin this will never be.

I graduated with a degree in Hotel Management, and one of my classes, Food and Beverage 101 had a case study on In-N-Out.
Serious.
And me, being a New Yorker, never had the pleasure of savoring one of these freshly made burgers... until a recent work trip to Vegas!
Fo'reals, didn't know one existed in Vegas (if I had known, I would've been there every day vs just a few hours before my flight out!).
Thanks Leah R. for the tip on the walk from Excalibur - it was literally only 15 minutes!
And the walk made me work up my appetite.
Good times!
Leah R.'s directions: "Tip: you CAN walk here from the strip.
Just walk down the sidewalk on the Excalibur side of the street across the freeway bridge entrance area and under another little bridge and you're there.
It's like a 15 minute walk.
"   Had my double-double animal style with a vanilla milkshake to wash it all down.
Seriously, I have to say... it really was the best burger I've ever had.
The melding of flavors was seriously awesome.
And if I wasn't with a group of people...
I could've thrown down another double-double, but didn't want to look too much like a pig!
Seriously - go.
And my $6 dinner was the cheapest meal I had during my entire trip in Vegas!

When i go to california, I only have one thing i MUST do everytime, and that is to eat In-N-Out at least twice.
yes, not once, but twice.
Even if i'm there for a short weekend i have to have it twice.
And Vegas was no exception.
I was staying at the Mandalay Bay, and i heard from people that it's walkable, but it was so hot (May '09) i didnt want to melt to death on my way there and not taste those amazing animal style fries before i die, so i took a cab.
Got on the cab, didnt want to risk the cab driver driving away or keep the meter running, so we went through the drive thru and drove right back to the hotel.
I dont think the round trip was more than $15, might have even been like $10.
Either way, it was worth it.
My usual is double double animal style with animal style fries.
At first i thought that the animal style fries would be over doing it, but i have to say if there is one bad thing about In-N-Out is their fries, kinda plain.
I guess i'm just used to the greased up mcdonalds fries :P but when it's topped with cheese, thousand island-like dressing and grilled onions??
heaven.
gosh i'm drooling just thinking about them!

A must stop for any non-west coaster so they can experience the magic of an In-N-Out burger while visiting Vegas.
On this past trip I also grabbed a grilled cheese from the secret men-u which was good.
Don't be intimated if the place is packed.
The line moved very quickly and we got our food in a prompt manner.

most overrated and overhyped burger i've ever come across everyone said i must have animal style- didnt tell me it was like thousand island dressing which i hate- anyways perhaps i'll try it again NOT animal style and rerate for now gets 2 stars for edibility

This is the best place to get a burger on the planet... And also only 4 buxks for a burger, fries, and a drink - so you can blow more money on the table games or bottle service.

In-N-Out is simple, cheap and AWESOME fast food!
I can't believe I've lived 29 years without this place!
There is something magical about the fries.
They're simple, not greasy (for french fries) and unlike any other fry I've ever tasted.
They've got a really unique texture...I can't explain it.
I love mine with that horribly good slice of cheese on top of them.
The double double is just perfect as well.
I'm not a big fan of fast food hamburgers, but I could eat these burgers several times a week!
The special sauce is like a thousand island dressing (think Big Mac), but it's not as tangy as the typical thousand island topping.
The 2 patties are thin, but not too thin.
Even though this location is super busy, the employees are always super nice and very patient with newbies.

In and Out it's okay bc that's what you guys have out here but the fries suck and if you have ever had five guys on the east coast you will understand their burgers are the greatest...
Compared to 5 Guys!

My friends and I had to run across a highway to get here... and it was worth it!!
Never heard about it since I live in the East coast.
They should bring it over to Boston.
I'm sick of McDonalds and Burger King.
For $2.99, you get a gigantic burger.
Every bite was amazing.
It has more flavor than other fast food burgers.
The mystery pink sauce fits perfectly with the cheese and the onions.
Their motto is "Quality you can taste"... and yes it's a quality burger.
The weak point of this chain is their fries.
With an improvement on their fries, they will get the 5 stars.
Whenever In-N-Out decides to move to the East Coast, I might have to abandon my no fast food diet.

im a FAN!

Getting here really sucks when you are staying on the strip and don't have a car.
Walk down Tropicana on the side of the street Excalibur is on and eventually you will get there.
That being said, this is great stuff.
It's pretty incredible how many people are in here at any given time.
I got the double double animal style and it was very flavorful.
Not your typical fast food burger when it comes to freshness and taste.
Fries were really not bad at all, not sure why people complain so much about them.
Wish they would come to the east coast but ain't gonna happen.

Best burgers of any fast food place!

Every in n out gets five stars in my book.... man I wish they would come to the midwest already!!!
Every time I go out west this is priority number one - double double animal style.
This specific in n out has a gift shop right next door, so thats pretty cool if you want to get an in n out tshirt or maybe flip flops...haha

The best post-marathon meal: In-N-Out Burger, Animal Style!
I hadn't had In-N-Out for 9 years, so call me deprived.
The last time I had it was in 2000 next to the UC Irvine campus.
I had no clue In-N-Out existed in Vegas, but my friends suggested it and off we went in our cab after I had run the 1st ever Rock N Roll Las Vegas Marathon.
Did that burger ever taste so good (Animal Style of course)!
The fries weren't as good as I remembered them to be.
The place was packed!
It was pretty hard to find seating for the 4 of us.
My next trip to an In-N-Out better not take another 9 years!

The double double was ok, the fries was horrid.
They was so bland with no taste and was not cooked all the way.
The line was so long, our total wait from entering door to receiving order was approx 45 mins.
While in line a group walks in with a ferret on a leash.
Letting the nasty thing ponder the floor like they was in there own house.
It is very in appropriate to take a animal into a fast food place, and letting it ponder.
There was a whole lot of disquisted people in line, more then one employee seen it and said nothing to them about having it in the restaraunt.

ok finally tried one non-animal style in LA and it is definitely much better.
Still overrated but is a tasty burger

This place must be used to the crowds, because it really seems like their staff has their service down to a science.
Both times I've been in it's been very busy and the place is always clean and the food is always the same.
As much as I like In & Out, I've had burgers I enjoy a bit more elsewhere.
Something has to be said for the noticeably fresh ingredients.
I love that this place is right off the freeway; it's a very convenient stop off.
The In & Out company store is right across the parking lot for those looking to load up on In & Out merchandise.

Love this place!
A must try!!!
Plzzzzz IN-N-OUT come to the Midwest!

I love this burger, I go ever time I am out west which is not often enough.
You have to try the animal style.
I would say everyone that heads to Vegas needs to head over to In-N-Out and enjoy a tasty burger, and some wonderful hand cut fries.
I hope at some point we can get them to come east.

So Food Network has a list of the 50 burgers in each of the 50 states that you must try.
California's is In 'n Out's double-double, and though we weren't in Cali, Vegas has this fine establishment all over too.
We moseyed off the strip to partake in a lunch of cheeseburgers and animal style fries.
I don't remember In 'n Out always having onion rings on the burgers, but those, the lettuce, and tomatoes added a fresh crispness to the burger.
I only wish the patties were meatier.
I was more blown away by the delicious bun.
Love them buns!

In-N-Out, good as always.
The company store is actually located right next door.
This location is sooo busy!
They should just open another In-N-Out right next to it.
-1 star for the ridiculous line and wait for the food

How I miss thee In-N-Out.
Everytime someone visits the west coast I specifically request them to bring me one of your burgers animal syled, but alas, they return empty handed.
For now, I am content with the wonderful memories.

I've always heard that In-N-Out Burger is supposed to be so amazing.
If this is amazing, I don't want to know what's bad!
I tried the cheeseburger and fries and everything about them left something to be desired.
The burger consisted of mainly lettuce...which I would've enjoyed had their been any meat on it.
The fries were also bland.
I've made a better burger at home...but then again I'm from Texas and burgers don't taste or look like that here.
I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.

Double-double with cheese and a shake.....nice.
It's IN and OUT and it's Vegas....that's pretty nice.

You just can't go wrong at In-N-Out with a cheeseburger animal style (thousand island dressing and grilled onions) for $2.05.
A burger is $1.75.
It's also hard to imagine a busier location in the country than this one - located at I-15 and Tropicana, and maybe half a mile from the strip.
We came for a mid afternoon snack at 2:30pm, and the place was mobbed -  but the crowd was efficiently handled, and we ate within 20 minutes of arrival.
As good as it gets for this price range!

I was never really a fan of Hamburgers so my review won't be just on the food.
The Bad about this place.
Very crowded.
Huge lines.
No place to sit because of the crowds.
Had to sit outside in 100degree Vegas heat.
I think thats all I can think of...
The Good Very quick service for these kind of lines.
The burgers and fries tasted just like the ones we have at home in Los Angeles.
Maybe alittle better even on the burger or maybe I was just hungry.
Extra bathrooms in their second building for merchandise.

Probably the dirtiest in n out I've been to,maybe because it's super crowded.
The tables and bathroom was dirty.
When we were there the line wrapped around all the tables and almost out the doorway.
Otherwise it was as good as any other In-n-out.
Just expect it to be slow, dirty and busy.

I hate going with the flow of what is popular, but they are great.
Service is quick, food delicious.
The only thing there is not enough seating inside.
We sat outside in the blazing 115 degree weather.
I have never scarfed down my animal style burger so fast.
I guess it was a combo of the deliciousness and the heat.

Always our first stop for grub when we hit the ground.
You just can't beat the fresh greesy goodness of in-n-out.

What can I say about In-N-Out Burger that hasn't been said?
We all know these delishicious west coast burgers are the envy of all East Coasters and you know what...
I'm ok with that.
Let me tell you a little story about a wedding.
As a pre-wedding party, the soon to be newly appointed MR. and MRS.
Thought it would be a good idea to order 100 burgers, quarter them and serve them as appitizers as part of a pre wedding party in a massive suite with a giant deck overlooking the strip.
When we (and I'm not the MR in the equation, jut a helpful friend)  went to the place the order, the guy at the counter was in shock.
He looked like he wanted to say.
"Wait.. How many?
You know if you eat that many, there is a high possibility that you might die of a hard attack.
"  Dont worry my good man,  these burgers (some animal style and some not) will be disbursed among the good people that came to Las Vegas to watch us get wed.
So yeah,  Me, the MR and MRS ordered about 100 burgers.
But thats not the best part.
We arranged to pick up these burgers at 8pm that night.
So what do we do.
Order a burger right then and there, fully knowing that there would be plenty to go round later.
I love my friends.

I came here for lunch and this place gets packed but well worth the wait.
Make sure to get animal style cheese burger and animal style fries.
And I washed it all down with a strawberry shake.
If you're gonna eat unhealthy, you might as well go all the way in my book.
Afterward, I walked back to the strip (30 minutes) to walk off my fullness.
Why not 5 stars?
I prefer a medium to thick patty.
In n Out looks like a skinny McDonald patty.
I like a decent chunk of meat and see the juice spew out just a little.
A burger is not a burger if its not at least bit greasy.
But I admit these are the best fries I ever had.
Not greasy but crisp and no salt needed.
You can actually see them make the fries fresh from the potato.
I asked for In n Out sauce packets, so I'm gonna experiment on my own burgers/sandwiches at home :)

Who doesn't love In-N-Out?
Simple menu.
Delicious burgers.
Decent fries.
One thing about this place - it is ALWAYS packed.
You can thank the location's proximity to the strip and probably the fact that a lot of tourists don't have In-N-Out where they're from.
Be prepared to wait a while for your food.
It's worth it of course.
Not much more to say that you don't already know.
Never been?
What are you waiting for?

As an East Coast girl, I have to say that I prefer Five Guys, where not only are the burgers good, but the fries are decent.
In-N-Out Burger's fries are pale and pasty, not golden and crispy.
But yes, the burgers are good, plus "animal style" is fun, etc etc.
The key here is that (to reiterate previous reviews) you CAN walk from the Strip, but it takes about 30 minutes and is difficult to figure out, because Vegas off-strip isn't designed for pedestrians.
You're literally crossing a highway, and only one side of the street has sidewalk.
And it's not the side that has the In-N-Out Burger.
And yes it was very busy, but we didn't have wait too too long.

I know this review is gonna be posted under Las Vegas but hope my Vancouver, Canada Yelper friends read this.
Forgot Vera's, Forget Romer's Burgers, Forget Fatburger, Forget Harvey's.
In-N-Out Burger has the best burgers- bar none.
If you go to Las Vegas, make sure you find an In-N-Out.
Its not on the Strip but worth the taxi ride.
The cost for three people at In-N-Out was $18, which makes up for the cost you would have paid at any Strip hotel restaurant.
I got the double burger - and it was GREAT.

This place rocks!
Seriously, we were looking for some place a bit off the strip to get a quick bite.
We being from Oregon had not been to the In N Out Burger previously but of course the reviews of these places are legendary.
After some trouble finding it initially, we came back a couple of times while staying on the strip.
We got a bit spoiled actually, but even at time when it was busy, like during a lunch rush, they totally know the drill on how to handle it and getting cars through the drive through.
We never did get inside this location because of the sheer volume of people in and out (no pun) of this place.
We will be back again to this conveniently located burger place near the strip.

I had heard so much about this place that I wanted to try it out.
It was sooooo crowded and you had to fight to get a table.
Everything tasted great going down but it wasn't very filling and it did bad things to my stomach.
Let's just say I tried it.

Probably one of my favorite fast food burger joints.
Everyone knows about the Animal Style, but it's never on the menu.
The burger is great, but the fries are below average (without animal style).
The first few bites makes me feel like I'm in heaven, but it gets old pretty quick.
Maybe it's just too much sauce.
I don't know.
The concept gets 5 stars, but I'm only going to give it 4 stars.
The biggest issue for me is the wait.
I've waited as long as 45 minutes before.
I think this family owned business can use an efficiency lesson from McDonald's or Chipotle or Jimmy Johns.
Ridiculous!
Did they just kill the cow after I made my order?

AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
That should be it.
You need not know any more.
Just go!!!!
Ok ok, I'll write a bit more.
This In-N-Out, located directly across I-15 from New York New York on Tropicana, is just like most other In-N-Outs.
The food is extremely fresh (considering it's fast food), the staff are friendly and efficient, and the atmosphere is that of happy Vegas trippers who haven't had In-N-Out in a while (or ever!).
It's definitely a doable walk from the strip (specifically from Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd), but we did it in a car.
Hey, you could probably do with a walk back after devouring a double-double!
Don't miss the little building to the left of the location.
It's an In-N-Out merchandise store!
Who knew!
They have TONS of branded product.
Anything from flip flops to coffee mugs!
A little on the pricey side, but hey this is Vegas...

We discovered Animal Style Burgers and Fries on this trip.
Very tasty extra off the "secret menu".
This is grilled onions, cheese, and fry sauce.
This is a diet killer but a  nice thing to try once in a while.
We just went to this location one time this trip to Las Vegas as we didn't want to completely blimp out.
Love trying the different stuff here.
We'll be back next trip.
This location is very convenient to the south end of the strip.

Ummm, so I can't eat meat.
Unfortunate, yes I know.
All I can say is there must be some damn good hamburgers here, the line was crazy!
I did eat french fries, which were delicious.
Fresh cut right in the kitchen, I saw them prepping the potatoes with my own eyes.
Good service, good food, and clean surroundings :)

Not a bad burger for the price.
I think this place is a little over hyped.
I prefer Mighty Fine or Five Guys, more expensive yes, but the quality is better.
We went here after a night of drinking and decided to go in and wait.
Looked like a waiting room for Chris Hansen's pedophile round up.
I do enjoy the little hats the staff has to wear.

I'm no longer an In-N-Out virgin!
I waited all day in my only day in Vegas to make the trek walking from the Strip over to eat the burger I had heard so much about: double-double animal style.
Was this likely the best decision before attempting to run my first ever half marathon?
Likely not, but we'll look past this for now.
The trek, while a touch long, especially if you're trying to conserve your energy and legs for a run, is not impossible.
There are a few tricks to the walk, including making sure you're walking along the same side of the street as the Excalibur and non New York, New York on your way across the freeway.
When the sidewalk splits, make sure you take the right path, not the left, as this will lead to the bridge over the freeway.
Anyway, enough about walking there and on to the food.
At 2 pm in the afternoon, the place was packed, but the cashiers moved through the line efficiently.
Within 5 minutes, I was up at the front and placed my order for a double-double animal style with fries and a vanilla shake.
I then proceeded to wait about 10 minutes for my order to be made.
The burger definitely didn't disappoint.
Nice and juicy with good flavors.
Best burger ever?
Not even close, but for a fast food burger, it definitely ranks up near the top.
The fries, however, were disappointing.
Little flavor.
For a fast food fry, I have to give the edge to Five Guys on this one.
The shake was nice and thick and vanilla-y.
Overall, if you haven't ever been to an In-N-Out and are looking for a cheap Vegas meal option, it's worth the trip over the freeway.

I love In & Out and this one is the closest to the strip but not walkable sadly.
So we called a cab to take us to the drive thru.

You can't go West without a stop at this burger haven.
I can't add much else to what other Yelpers have said.
I like that they slice and dice the potatoes for the fries right there before your eyes.
It's an exceptionally good burger, the double is a meal.
Even at 11am on a Monday this place was buzzing!

Never will I make another trip to Vegas without getting my double double fix!
These burger and just plain juicy, saucy, meaty and  onion goodness.
They are so close yet so far, just two states from me??
what gives?

Neener neener neener!
This review is simply for my East Coast friends to rub it in their faces that I had mine ANIMAL STYLE, baby!

Ok, go ahead and tar and feather me, but I must tell it like it was for us on this trip.
We just returned to Texas after a two week trip to Vegas.
This particular In-N-Out Burger has a sign right next to I15 that reaches to the sky which calls many autos off the freeway.
It also got to us as we headed to our hotel!
First, it was so crowded that we should have taken our clue from that.
The line to order went all through the entire restaurant and there was not a clean table in the place.
My husband got in line and I finally found a table someone was abandoning and claimed it for us.
In a corner just for two.
When my husband finally arrived I was thrilled to see the burgers, fries, and drinks, as In-N-Out is my favorite burger joint in Vegas and CA.
Well, one bite and I had wished we were at Jack-in-the-Box!
Very small piece of meat, dried out, and just awful!
Fries?
I don't even know how to describe them.
Needless to say, this ruined our going to another In-N-Out the entire trip.
Usually we make 2-3 runs to one when we are in Vegas, as TX's has none.
I guess they don't have to be so up-to-par as the others since most of their business comes from the freeway and the stip.
Next time it's out to the "regular" neighborhoods for a good In-N-Out Burger!

The best burger and fries.. and not just for fast food.
I recommend getting your burger animal style.
Oh yum!!
The staff was so friendly!
Nobody had the"i hate my life" look that has become the norm in most food service businesses.

I love in and out burger, just not this location.
I'm 100 percent sure they poisoned me.
It was really busy but under no circumstances are you to serve under cooked food.
The staff is great as usual but cant go back.
I was sick, sick, sick.
As soon as i got back in the car I started feeling it.
I wasn't drinking and cant come up with any other reason why I was projectile vomiting.
Ahhhhh my stomach hurt something fierce.
Back to the Maryland location, plus it's less crowded.

have you ever walked something like half a mile along the side of a highway - possibly causing traffic violations in the process - in order to get to food?
no?
why the hell not?
it is probably always packed (there were at least 50 people on line when we got there), but fear not, Brave Traveler, your order will be taken surprisingly quickly (within ten minutes), and you shall receive unto thee a most sacred meal prepared by the high priests in their red-and-white uniforms (also within ten minutes).
my choice picks (off the secret menu): 1) mustard-grilled Double Double 2) Animal Style fries (shared these with my friend Keith) 3) Neapolitan shake (all three shake flavors mixed together)  it is not that expensive - the above order costs something like 8 bucks.
oh yeah, cabs will pull in to the parking lot to cart your bloated ass back to the Strip.
and the peasants rejoiced!

Got their cheeseburger with monster fries and a vanilla shake- YUMMY!!!
The perfect afternoon snack!!
:)    Burger was served hot with fresh lettuce and tomato, and the fries were crispy, and the shake super thick!

A damn fine $3.00 burger and the shake will soothe your losses at the tables.
For my taste this is identical in every way to Five Guys but, In-n-out costs less.
Note:  They have the coolest, Las Vegas-style, huge neon, flashing sign.
Note 2: The lines are notorious at this location.
Expect 10, 20, 30 + minutes at anytime day or night.

Sometimes I wonder if it's the hype that makes this meal so special on each trip I make to Las Vegas, but all I know is that it's an absolutely required stop.
My usual selections at this ALWAYS busy location include (off the not-so-secret menu): Double-Double Animal Style, Fries Well and a chocolate shake.
Yum!
Viva Las Vegas and Viva In-N-Out!

The enormously loud and garish sign at the highway will beckon me in my dreams from this day forward.
My life has always been lived east of the Mississippi, and for whatever reason, my travels have never led me to an In-N-Out.
Everything they say is true.
My personal home run was the Double Double Animal Style, and Well Done Fries Animal.
Do not be afraid of the "unwritten menu" lingo thing.
Step into this modern era and look it up on their company website or wikipedia...3x3, 4x4, Mucho Grande, Flying Dutchman, whatever, take charge of your life!
Next door is one of only two company stores in the nation, with t-shirts and other gear.
Naturally, I now have a shirt and a set of fridge magnets, and a desire to petition the company daily to open an outpost here in Providence RI.

Doing the double-double animal style.
Though I still have love for fries well done, I made the switch back to good old regular.

Damn this bitch was packed but that didn't stop us from going 4x during our Vegas trip.
We just learned not to order inside.
I forgot how good their animal style fries and neapolitan shakes are.
MMMMMmMMmNMmmdsdnfh

This is the location that popped my In-N-Out cherry.
And for that visit alone...this place gets 5 stars.
It was incredible, and I won't go into the details because I'm sure I have embellished them in my mind over the years probably to the point of being food pornography.
This is THE iconic In-N-Out of Vegas.
It's right next to the strip, and therefore, YES....IT IS ALWAYS BUSY.
Go there expecting a long wait and you won't be as disappointed.
They also get 5 stars for the crap they have to put up with from drunks and tourists.
This is also the location I mentioned in another review in which I witnessed a group of 4 walk up to the counter and I overheard this:  GIRL:  Can I just get like a grilled chicken sandwich EMPLOYEE:  I'm sorry we don't have any chicken sandwiches on our menu, just burgers.
GIRL:  Really?
I don't really like burgers, do you have anything else?
EMPLOYEE: (controlling a smirk) No.
I'm sorry, just what's on the menu.
GIRL:  Okaaaaaaay........ummmmmmm.......I guess let me have a burger, but can I have it with bacon and avocado?
EMPLOYEE:  Oh I'm really sorry we don't have bacon or avocado.
GIRL: (Turns to boyfriend) Just order me something, this place is stupid!
(Walks out of line and plops down in a booth with arms crossed.
)  In the words of Jimmy Fallon on SNL: "Really?.......REALLYYYYY?
"  And for God's sake don't write a review based on how many cars were in the drive-thru....In-N-Out may have ties to J.C. and Bible verse numbers on the cups, but they can't perform miracles...so stay focused on the interactions with the employees and the food.
I would give the company as a whole 6 stars if I could for low prices, quality ingredients, and insanely good and efficient service (This is the only fast food restaurant that can top Chick-fil-A).
But, with that said....Yea....The Fries....They Suck.....Any way you get them......They suck.
My standard order: 3x3 Animal style, light sauce, extra mustard seasoning on the patties, and no pickles with a vanilla shake.

Us kids out here in boring old Colorado feel like the outcasts...we're cool enough for In-N-Out, I promise!
My husband and I made a point of checking out I-N-Out on our recent trip to Vegas.
We studied what we could find of the secret menu online and knew what we would get.
My husband had his heart set on lots of cheese and I was excited to try the Neapolitan shake.
So my husband got a 2x4, cheese fries and a drink and I ordered a double with fries and the shake.
The total was way less than comparable items would be at McDonalds, by at least $8.
Everything was great...greasy, but great!
My husband said he was confused and thought he would get 4 slices of cheese total, not on each patty.
He ended up not finishing the burger, but only because he couldn't eat any more cheese.
We both agreed that we would choose In-N-Out over other fast food restaurants any day if we had one in Colorado.
If you live near an In-N-Out I consider you a lucky person.

3x3 animals style, 2x4, fries animal style, cheese fries, two Neapolitan shakes.
I am from Texas and we ear a lot of burgers here and this is one of the best burgers I have ever had in my entire life.
Perfectly cooked burger.
The fries are the best in the world but for the amount they do they are good.
The shake was great.
Service was as fast as it could be on the strip.
Can't wait for the Dallas one to open!

I've spent a rediculous amount of money on meals in vegas, but the double double animal at In-n-out is still probably the best thing I've eaten.
If I had to choose between a free meal at Craftsteak and In-N-Out, I'd probably have to flip a coin.

In-N-Out has claimed its spot as my favorite fast food restaurant.
It's just too bad there are none on the east coast.
While on a recent trip to Las Vegas, my husband and I stopped in for lunch, neither of us having tried the franchise before.
I couldn't believe how packed the place was, but I knew it was a good sign.
We both got our cheeseburgers "animal-style", which was such a nice dimension to already delicious burgers.
The burgers had a real fresh flavor too, unlike other fast food restaurants.
Fries were excellent, some of the best I've had.
Food is cheap compared to places like McDonald's, and you get plenty of food to fill you up.
This is quality fast food at a great value!

living in las vegas for about 12 years i know to stay away from this in-n-out due to all the tourists go here but i was riding home with one of my brothers and we were hungry and right by here so we stopped in.
this place was PACKED, there must have been 50+ people in line and i thought oh well we are here already.
let me tell you this place is a well oiled machine, the line only took like 5 or ten min and then another 10 for the food.
the animal style frys were worth the wait!!!
so if you ever wander in here dont be scared it will take a little longer than a empty dining room but wasn't horrible.

In-N-Out!
Nom nom nom!
I normally don't like fast food at all!
I don't even eat meat so who would have thought I could find a grilled cheese sandwich so exciting but there is something about this place...
They grill that bread perfectly and the combination with the lettuce and mushroom is just delicious.
They have great fries and this stuff isn't all greasy or hurt my stomach (like most fast food joints!
) I also enjoy their milk shakes.
I have also been to one in the Bay Area and this one is way way better.
In-N-Out is our Vegas tradition and probably the cheapest meal you will get on your trip.
This may as well be a Vegas institution for me.
haha.

This place Is everything I expected it to be, food wise.
The burgers are amazing.
They really got this down to a science.
I got.
Double-double, a cheeseburger animal style, fries, soda, & a neapolitan shake.
Yeah, I was starving.
I just landed in Vegas and boy, that flight from NY is longer than I expected.
First stop, in & out.
Oh, and I think they have, hands down, the best fries I ever ate in my life.

What is all the hype about??
The burgers are greasy and fries not that great.
Sorry In n Out only 2 stars from me.

WOOOT WOOOOTTTTTTTTT!!!!!
This is the first time I can easily say that this is 5 stars and far exceeded my expectations.
I 've heard about this place from several others that live on the west coast and HAD to try it.
It was by far the most AMAZING burger I have ever had (and I have tried many GREAT burger places).
It was the best meal (and cheapest) that I came across in VEGAS and I even ate at Bobby Flay's.
Burger tasted fresh, the cheese was THICK and tasty...Lettuce was so CRISP like they just picked it.
It was just ONE of a KIND!
Added bonus that the people are EXTRA friendly and if you like cheese fries.....they take a thick slice of cheddar cheese place it on top and put it in this melter for a min....YUM.
I'd drive from CHicago to get one RIGHT now!!!!!
SO if youre in VEGAS its only a 5 dollar cab ride from MGM hotel.
WELL worth it.
Even with the cost of a cab ride it was the cheapest meal and BEST meal I had in Vegas.

YESSSSS it's so hard to enjoy the greatness that is In N Out when you don't live on the west coast!
Thankfully there is one in Vegas so I don't have to make the entire trek out to Cali.
Good old standard In N Out, can't complain.
The place can be incredibly hectic unless you're there at 2AM (done that) so be ready to get jostled around.
Worth it, though, to be able to enjoy a good burger and delicious fries in the wonderful Vegas sun.

After a day at the Grand Canyon, we wanted something quick and easy so we could just go back to our hotel room and chill (bath/wine/TV).
We had seen the sign for In-N-Out on the way in to our hotel and my GF had never had before so we decided to try and make the trek by foot, which turned out to be an adventure on its own.
This location is not exactly easy to get to from the Strip, especially if you don't know how to go.
We started out on the North side of Tropicana Ave. only to get jammed up in the NY, NY/ Monte Carlo parking garage area.
We headed back up and started down the North side of the freeway underpass only to get blocked again by more highways.
Crossed under the freeway and lo and behold found the path which would lead us back up over the freeway and across to Dean Martin Blvd.. 5 more crosswalks and we made it!
That desert oasis in a sea of overpriced mediocrity.
Our reward?
: a double-double (animal-style), a single cheeseburger, fries and two X-Large sodas.
And the girl even got herself a paper hat.
Winning!

Double Double Animal Style!
The highlight of my trips Cali and Vegas!
The lines are always long, the food is always good, the service is friendly and you'll be back for more!

Basically the Holy Grail of burgers!!
I had the animal style everything.
Loved it single beautiful bite of it.
And flushed it down with a perfectly carbonated Dr. Pepper.
Bliss!
I only knocked one star off because I have to fly 2500 to get there :(

When the hell are you coming to NY.
i went there in April 2010 for my bachelor party i had 6 burgers in one sitting i know i am a fat ass.
wait until you taste it!

you come out here mid-day and the sun is out and the line is flowin out the door!
but a great place to grab a bite after you've lost all but $5 at the casino.
what i enjoy most about in-n-out burgers is that there's basically three things to choose from: double cheese burger, single cheese, or hamburger.
makes everything go faster without people deciding what to get.
and of all the joints i've been to - every in-n-out is very consistent in their products, the staff is always friendly and very energetic.
if i find myself hungry at any hour of the day - In-N-Out is where i'll be!

late night burger....check.... oh so good, its not the best of areas but if you can stand to see a few hooks after 10 on trop your good.
in and out is one of those places where no matter you go they taste the same.. they do things the other fast food places dream of as far as it consistency goes...i have always loved these burgers and i usually go to the one on nellis by my house..thumbs up for single with grilled and a pink lemonade..enjoy

Besides how great the price is for a burger, fries and a shake which only cost like 7 bucks for everything.
In-N-Out  Burger is by far one of  worst burger joints I've been to.
My friends and I came all the way from Philadelphia to Las Vegas for a Bachelor Party.
We stopped in In-N-Out for a bite to eat before we hit the strip.
We ended up waiting a half an hour just to eat.
This place was pack tight.
There could have been fire code violations for how crammed it was in this place.
I figured it must be good if I am waiting this long.
So I waited and waited and pretty much waited some more.
Order Numbers where all over the place.
Order number 56, 48, 27, 57, 58, 69 etc....
It gets a bit frustrating when you think your next but in reality your not even close.
Finally I got my burger and sat down with my friends hoping for a delicious bite of a juicy burger.
My first bite was pretty much my last.
Figuring to buy a double it would be big enough to fill my appetite but that wasn't the case.
The burger was fresh but not that great in a taste category.
My milk shake was the thickest milk shake in the world.
It coated my throat with a chocolaty mess, which it ended up giving me a stomachache.
By far the best thing to order was their french fries.
They are made from real potatoes and you can watch the fri-guy put the potatoes in a contraption and cut them up.
Other then crappy burgers and horrible milk shakes, I would hold off and not  waste your time just to get some decent fries.
Stick with paying a little extra and getting something better.
My Vegas trip could have done with out In-N-Out.

First time visiting the West Coast from NYC.
And had my first In-N-Out Burger here.
People really hyped it up too much for me and that's why I gave it only 3 stars.
The first thing I noticed was the price of the burgers, I thought it would be more expensive since it's so popular.
I really like the fresh taste of the burgers but I don't like the meat.
It's dry and not juicy enough for me.
I like my burgers to be overflowing with juice within the first bite.
I also didn't like the fries because it wasn't crispy enough.
But I love the sauce for the Animal Style Fries.
I also gave this only 3 stars because I'm comparing it to Shake Shack.
Shake Shack Burgers is my benchmark so far because of the thicker and juicier beef.

The line was very long, which it usually is.
It was extra specially long because it was a Sunday night.
I'm sure all the travelers were getting their food for the ride home.
Despite that, I felt that the wait for my order was not unreasonable.
This store knew how to handle the rush, 3 cashiers and a billion people working in the kitchen and counter.
My only concern was that I was called to pick up my order, but they didn't give me my shake, I had to ask for it.
I've worked fast food before and I remember one cardinal rule is to make sure the order is complete.
But that's ok, I'll still come back.

yes pls.. love the location.. half way between home and vegas!

They gave me little yellow picked peppers in a packet with my order.
Mindblown.
Growing up in California and going to the original In-N-Out branch- you'd think I would know everything the "secrets".
Apparently not as this is my first pepper packet after 17 years.
This place was crazy packed when we went, but I had some friends from Seattle in town that really wanted to have some and this is the closest one to take them.
I wish we took them to the Sahara branch because it was a bit of a clusterfuck.
I'm sure for first timers though, seeing the famous burger with so many people gathering is a impressive thing.
I got one a few blocks from home and had so many of these that the group excitement doesn't hit me.
Major kudos to the crew here as they churn out so many orders that these folks must be always tired after a shift.

In-N-Out is really good for fast food, although with the wait we had it wasn't all that fast.
We talk about how we prefer Five Guys, but we always make time for a stop at In-N-Out anytime we're out west, so I guess I'm a fan.
The burgers are good, but I always find the fries a little disappointing.
Maybe I just never get fresh ones.

OK, I usually like to stop at local restaurants to enjoy their local approach to food, and there is an In-N-Out just a half mile from my home in California.
But the rest of the people in the car wanted In-N-Out, and I wasn't driving.
But, the taste and quality was just like home.
I got the cheeseburger, animal-style.
(And if you don't know what that means, ask somebody who works there.
Or eats there often.
)  And a shake.
In-N-Out still makes the best burger anywhere, whether it is in Nevada, Arizona or California.
This location has a merchandise store next door where you can buy all kinds of In-N-Out T-shirts, hats, etc., etc.
Maybe next time I'll order a vanilla shake and a small drink, get some root beer and make my own root beer float.
Mmmmm.
I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
Animal-style fries, too.

While this location isn't on Las Vegas Boulevard, it's the closest and the busiest.
With lines stretching out to the "Strip", this place is packed at all hours of the day!
Ok, it really doesn't extend out that far... but it sure does seem like it.
For a chain that arguably serves up one of the best, if not THE BEST, burgers in the nation... In-N-Out Burger has also become known for their non-"fast" food service.
That's ironic considering their menu options are the fewest of all quick service joints...single or double patty, with or w/o cheese, fries, shake and/or beverage.
You would think it be easy and quick right?!
Well, not exactly... not when you have a gazillion ways to serve up your burger and fries (Animal style, 2x4, 2xmeat, etc.).
Serving it fresh, made-to-order, and the way you like it is a great reason for their slug-paced movement.
Their double cheeseburger is one of the greatest things California has ever given to America.
Get it animal style, their most famous secret menu item, and you'll have pure awesomeness on a bun!
One other note, this location is also home to one of just two company stores.
The other one is in Baldwin Park, CA, where the restaurant was founded.

DUH!!
are you kidding...why do you think this place is like a cult fenom????
come on....best shakes ever...maybe get them half and half (half flavor half vanilla-bc they tend to be very rich) and their burgers are really good...come on-a place that offers grilled onions into the cheese on my cheese burger plus raw ones??
sign me up...(also sign me up for mouth wash!!!
)  most places are never worth the hype but this place is!!

Ahhh ALAS MATEY.
I wanted Burger King but then over the Hill I see the Rotating In N Out sign.
Steer YE SHIP towards Yee Parking lot.
It was busy but hey ITS right off the strip.
If you havent been to IN N OUT please go.
Its been years since i had the tasty morsel of a In N out burger.
And it was just how i remembered it.
Sure your going to wait for your food because its busy as hell but its a worth it kind of wait.
Fresh Fries.
Fresh burgers so fresh im sure the cow was grazing earlier today.
Get the fries Animal style.
Its not on the menu.
YOUR WELCOME.
And the shakes are made to with real ice cream.
Does it get any better MAYBE Maybe not.
I leave full and satisfied.

I am sure I don't have to Hype this place up more than everyone on here already has, but if you have still not tried an In-N-Out burger in your lifetime...
I will highly recommend making that a future goal(if you like burgers,aaaand your not a vegan ofcourse).
I always come to this location at least once when im in Vegas, remembering how there was only one location years ago in this city and it was always packed!!
(no matter what time of the day you went).
Being from SoCal, growing up having In-N-Out frequently, I have to say that In-N-Out has been consistently THAT GOOD throughout the years.
One of the Best Hamburger joints out there, if not THE BEST!

If fast food places were steaks, In & Out would be a Filet Mignon....ok maybe that's TOO much of an exaggeration on how good their burgers are but you get the idea.
This place does get super packed but the line looks worse than it actually is.
Since it's behind the Strip and right off the Tropicana exit on I15, what do you expect?
Even though they are busy pretty much non stop all day, the workers there are very efficient in getting orders down and filled.
I've waited no longer than 15 minutes in line to place my order and even less time for my order to get filled.
Kudos to them as they work very hard to make sure everyone gets what they ordered.
The wait is worth it by far.
A double double with cheese fries and a chocolate shake tastes good at any hour.

First stop when I hopped off the plane to Vegas.
It wasn't super busy at all.
Burgers were great, just a good simple burger, and great fries.
A really great meal right after a long plane ride.
Can't wait until they have one in or near Seattle!

This place is busy as it isn't that far from Excalibur and New York New York.
And you can expect your order to take forever.
The last time I was there my number was 87.
They were only in the 50s.
And for some reason I had to wait until after they got back around to 12 before they called my number.
Nothing fancy to hold up the order.
Hamburgers are very good.
French fries not so much.
And you would think the milk shakes would be made with ice cream, but alas no milk shake mixers here.
It's from a machine like Mickey D's.
If you've ever had french fries from Five Guys, those are GREAT french fries.
These were bland french fries.
I guess people get them animal style to make them tolerable.
They would have gotten 4 stars with better fries and real milkshakes.

Wonderful - as always.

This In N Out location is one of the best i've ever been to!
The lines are quite long, but the workers are quick in getting people's orders down and getting the food out fast!.
The couple times i've been to vegas this is the in n out me and my friends go to before heading back to LA

absolutely disgusting.
i dont know how people can eat this "food".
EXTREMELY GREASY, even when compared to mcdonalds..... (will give you the .... ).
My burger was undercooked, i suppose this doesn't happen to everyone but made my burger unpleasant.
There "fries" taste like lays potatoe chips, which is okay for some people i guess...  That is this New Yorkers final word and first and last time there.

Same decor and food, but this location must have just been understaffed.
Our food took at least 25 minutes.
It was just unacceptable.
From the outside the location looks huge and as big as the ones out here in the SF Bay Area, but watching the employees inside, they seem to move at 1/2 the speed.
In general the food was good and the same as usual.
Customer service was friendly and nice.
In-N-Out is still my favorite fast food, but this location didn't deliver promptly.
They were overwhelmed and unprepared.
The line was wrapping around the whole restaurant and the drive thru was equally long if not longer.
At least my order was correct and I could get out of there finally after being there for around 30 minutes and that doesn't even include eating.
We took our food back to the hotel!

Good burgers, super quick, don't order the fries they taste like dehydrated potatoes, the place is a little bit crazy, don't know if I'll ever go back, I rather go to a new place...

Oh man, I was looking forward to coming here again.
Don't know what it is about this cow from california or whatever but shake shack had nothing on this one.
I ordered yes, from the NOT SO SECRET MENU.
Double Double Animal Style and Fries I want animal style too.
I loved every bite, I ate at alot of different places, but to me that night It was the equivalent of fine dining.
I had so much fun eating this, the fries tasted so good I could not believe it.
In a way I wish it would come to NY and east coast in general but also I look at this as something only some people should indulge in, haha.
It makes you look forward to your next trip to Arizona, Las Vegas, or California or anywhere else they have this.
Very affordable as well.
I think it was $7.05 for the combo and that is with the adjustments for the fixings.
My cousin went really buck wild and got the FOUR BY FOUR, so I got to witness him eating the four patties of beef right there on the bun and he actually tore through that burger.
Finished before I finished my fries or burger.
Kinda wish I had time to go back again to this location which is known as the most popular in Vegas (the wait time was actually not that long, maybe 20 mins at 8:15 at night on a monday) but nope ran out of time.
Was a total fat ass and had to take a cab back to civilization after walking the almost mile to get here then eating all that food, a walk back did not look pleasant, so a cab back to Tropicana for some walking around was in order.

So freaking good.
Secret menu!
Everything is made to order.
I wish this amazing fast food restaurant existed back east.

We love In-N-Out Burger but we'd never eaten under the giant Vegas Neon sign location off the Strip.
It was a nice hot night to sit outside and eat the one of the best cheeseburgers in the world!
It was fun watching people show up in taxi's!

It was a special request from one of my buddy during my last trip to Vegas in July.
The burgers are really good...not too greasy.
I had the double.
The fries could use some help...they tasted hollow.
One bite and you're thinking to yourself, 'hey, where's the fries?'.
Sorry but McD's fries are better.
The service was excellent and quick!
The place was crowded as usual but what do you expect at In-N-Out?
We just need In-N-Out Burger to come to Washington State!

Every trip to Vegas has to have an In N Out run.
Somehow cheap and quality can go in the same sentence when talking about In N Out.
AMAZING!

This establishment is a perfect description of the people that come to this city.....  "In-N-Out......
Animal Style"

Its a tradition to hit the In and OUT in Vegas before going home.
Whether you lost $$$, lost your mind, or just got lost.
These burgers make everything happy again.
Thank You In and Out.

I've been here before and probably would have given them 3 stars, but this time when we went it was just meh.
No one in the group seemed to enjoy their meal.
Besides the cheap price, the patties were thin and just didn't have much taste.
Fries were skinny, but not much flavor.
I got mine animal style, but they didn't make my fries animal style.
Oh well....
Think I'm over the hype of this place.
Hopefully, if I do return, it'll be better.

It's cheap, it's edible & it's nothing special.
Very thin patty on unseeded bun and average fries.

Gotta have it as soon as I get to Vegas!

Close to the strip, cheap and yummy, what else can you ask for?!
Even though I'm not the biggest burger buff, I can't deny that their fries well-done and animal style are dangerously addicting...
I'm embarrassed to face my former health-conscious, vegetarian self, to be quite honest.

WOW!
I walked 2.5 miles in 100 degree heat to eat here!
FResh burger and fries not like other chains.
This was the best thing about my trip and I wish we had In n Out here in Florida.
The only drawback?
It's hard to walk to and busy.

Everytime I come here, there's a huge line.
And everytime I come here, I get scared because I want some InOut but I'm afraid the line's too long.
But... it's pretty efficient.
It's just as good as any other innout.
If people are complaining about the patties being thing or whatever -- they're crazy.
It's a fast food place, you can't compare it to say Burger Bar...
In n out, believe the hype.

Pretty standard In-N-Out - very busy, lots of people, and yummy burgers.
Eating outside isn't too bad at night.
It's a tad bit warm and will probably be the only spot you'd be able to find since finding available seating inside is almost impossible.
**For out-of-town visitors, there are a lot of cabs here so feel free to take a cab there, since there are plenty available for you to take back to wherever you need to go.

This place is always busy, so that says a lot!
I enjoy their burgers, especially since we don't have this fine establishment back home.
The burgers taste fresh, well seasoned, and more importantly not too greasy.
Now all I can say is their french fries need to go, they are flavorless, boring and even ketchup can't help improve the taste.
I think if they'd change it, I'd give them 5 stars, till then my 4 star rating will stand  This is one place I look forward to when visiting Vegas, especially if I'm craving a burger.
I'll miss you In-N-Out Burger, but we'll be back.
Till next time, happy eating!

cardboard french fries, mediocre/dry burger patties, and a bland sauce all made by jesus-loving freaks... no thanks.
East Coast does it better... (shake shack, five guys, etc.
) and they don't secretly put bible verses on their packaging.
creepers.

It never seizes to amaze me how crowded INO can be; and how many pppl are so willing to wait for INO, of course, I'm one of thoes ppl who are willing to wait.
This INO has a fairly big dining in space.
Although it was crowded the night we went, we were able to find 2 tables by the time we were done ordering.
The staff was very efficient; the ordering line went by pretty quickly, and within 10-15 minutes, we got our order.
And for an INO in a busy area with tourists, I'd say that's pretty good!

Ahhh a tasty In N Out Burger while in Vegas.
A nice treat before the plane ride home.
As you can imagine, its pretty crowded.
Parking was easier on the company store side.
Excellent burger and fries just like every other In N Out I have been to.

Went here at ~11:30am Friday - huge line - but they were relatively smooth at getting people In-n-Out.
I love this place - but I'm torn between 5 guys vs. here.
Anyhow - I'm glad they're easy access in Vegas to satiate my cravings - there aren't any on the east coast!
Bring the chain out east!

Delicious as usual, but this location is way super packed!
And can be a warzone to exit the parking lot back onto Tropicana.

Fast, friendly and delicious!
Need I say more?

So it was my first time going to an In-N-Out joint and I wanted to see what the hype was all about.
The place packed up quick.
There were about 6 people in line when we got in and the line wrapped around the store by the time we got our food.
There has to be some reason behind this, right?
Time to find out..
I never discussed this place with anyone, but for some reason "double double animal style" was implanted in my head from somewhere.. o_0 so I ordered whatever it was, along with a side of fries.
The burger consisted of cheese, grilled onions, pickles, tartar sauce(?
or some type of sauce), and two patties.
Them patties are thin!
Man, the pics on the menu are deceiving.
They make the burger look so juicy, succulent, and filling!
The fries I could've done without.
They were bland and the texture reminded me of styrofoam, of which my sister confirmed.
All in all, the burger was alright.. nothing spectacular.
Personally, I'd prefer Five Guys or Smashburger over this.
Hmm, service was decent and efficient, so our orders weren't screwed up which is a plus (yay!

Great burgers, great attitude in the store.
I'm a little overenthusiastic about In-N-Out being an east coaster, but whatever.
Not a big fan of the fries, though.

burgers are great just like any other IN-N-Out but this location is very crowded

This is my first stop when in NV, CA or AZ.
Can't help but preach the I&O gospel and gain evangelists to try their first burger.
This happened on the Duece in Vegas riding on the strip.
ANIMAL FRIES while people watching.
Can't beat it!

Stopped in for a 3x3 and it was well worth the wait.
As an east coaster, this is always a treat.

you'd think this place should be open 24/7!!!
NV should be thankful that CA was willing to share this delicacy with them!
:)  No matter what state I visit, I always crave this when I get back home.
Of course, no matter what in n out you go to its going 2 have long lines.
Its totally worth the wait!
My gfs and my first meal b4 we leave NV after a "whatever happends in Vegas stays in Vegas" type of trip.
2 cheeseburgers with grilled onions, 1 hambuger with grilled onions and one without lettuce but with grilled onions!
and a couple sides of spread 4 our fries!
The animal style fries r super yummy also!
Can't ever go wrong with in n out!
I'm proud 2 b a californian.
Thanks in n out 4 being dear 2 my heart!
u NEVER seem 2 fail me.

What can I say about this place that hasn't been said already?
Probably nothing...  or maybe that if you are a vegetarian you can still eat here.
YAY!
Get the grilled cheese animal style, you won't regret it!
If you're a meat eater get a burger animal style.
DO IT!
The end

I'm a Cali girl, so In N Out will always have a place in my heart.
But when you come to a city like Las Vegas, you just have certain expectations.
Like that if you want In N Out at 5am in the morning, is it too much to ask that you be open in the city that never sleeps?
Oh wait, is that New York?
Well, you know what I mean.
Anyway, this place still closes at 1am, to all of our disappointment.
So we decided to eat here for brunch the next morning before our drive back home.
The ginormous neon sign off the freeway isn't hard to miss.
However, I am confused that the size of this location is just like any other In N Out I've been to.
The line was almost literally out the door.
They are obviously busy, why not make the place bigger?
It was interesting to hear people in line talk about the secret menu to their friends.
Being a Californian, it's funny to think we know things others don't, like we're special or something.
People ordering quadruple-stacks and animal-style fries - it gave me a new appreciation for the joint.
It's not the best burger I've had in my lifetime, but I would have to say it is pretty darn tasty.
I myself enjoy the toasted bun and the grilled onions.
There was one point in my life where I would solely eat the animal-style fries for lunch for quite a few months (that's french fries with the 1000-island-like spread, melted cheese and grilled onions).
And let me tell you, I was concerned for my health and had to eventually quit.
So although I do not frequent this place too often nowadays, I realize now that I'm not sure I would like to live without it.
I have heard too many a story of people who move to different states and miss the taste of an In N Out burger...and now I truly understand.
Just be open 24 hours a day in Vegas.
You are missing out on profit from post-party patrons.
It just makes sense, don't you think?

This is a great "morning after" place to eat.
It is usually packed Sunday morning with all the people that stayed out a little too late the night before.
I love ordering number 1 animal style, well done.
Food is great and service is prompt.

As I sat in the back of my taxi, head reeling from last night's lack of sleep and numerous free casino drinks, pocket full of cash I won at Mandalay's blackjack tables, I thought to myself "the only thing that will make this day better is In-n-Out for breakfast.
Fortunately I had just leaned out the back window to order two grilled cheese animal-style sandwiches and a large coke from the drive-thru at this burger mecca.
The cab driver admitted that no, this was not the first, nor would it be the last, time that he had been hired to drive someone off the strip to score some 10:30am in-n-out.
I was confident that this was the right decision.
Twenty minutes later, as I sat across from the check-in counters at McCarran making a mess out of myself with delicious fast-food saucy cheese sandwiches, I thanked myself for making such a glorious call.
In-n-Out truly is special.
It's fast food that's WAY better than any other options out there.
Fast, fresh, delicious, clean, cheap, and damn good.
And this one has a big flashy light-up sign.

After driving for hours to Las Vegas, the boyfriend and I wanted something quick to eat and to stretch out our legs.
The place wasn`t too busy, but wasn`t dead, and service was quick.
We ordered two Double Doubles with onions (one Animal Style for the boyfriend) and two Animal Style Fries.
Yes, I said two.
Being in the car for a couple hours with no food makes you pretty hungry and irritated.
We inhaled everything and everything was so good.
Full and satisfied.
Now off to play on the Strip!

No stop over in on the west coast would be complete without a stop to In-N-Out!
this place was quite hard to get to if you don't have a car, but we walked/hiked the distance from the strip to get here.
Burgers and fries are great, but I wished there was one closer to the strip or on the strip so it would be more accessible.

I get a double double every time I come through this city.

I've been to many In-N-Outs all over California but this is the first one I've been to that was out of state.
The food is great of course and my rating does not reflect that.
What it does reflect is the difference in service speed as compared to other In-N-Outs I've been to before.
This place is wayyyy slower!
The drive-thru took forever.
Walking in to order is not much faster.
Try to get here before you're actually starving because you will be by the time you get your food.

Consistently great.
Consistently long lines that move pretty fast.

I'm glad I read the reviews, I never knew they you can get your burgers "animal style.
"   Too bad the shake machine was broken when I went.
If you stayed at the Excalibur like me you can walk to this location.
Try not to walk alone though.

The burgers and customer service were both great.
It's rare these days that you get good customer service.
The group of youngsters working here all had smiles on their faces.
They were more than  happy to get us in and out with a tasty burger in hand.
What amazed me was the fact that I ordered my burger with cheese only.
At most burger joints this would have been like me throwing a huge wrench in their burger making machine.
At In-N-Out Burger even though they were busy they got my burger order right.
The burgers, fries and drinks were good.

best place to hit before heading to the airport on the way home!
Double double, animal style with animal style fries and a shake.
A great meal after you've lost all your money and you need something to pick up your spirits before you make the long plane ride home.
How many times have I done this?
Too many!
During peak times, this has got to be one of the busiest In and Out's around.
It's rare to see it not crazy crowded so seating can be tough.
But if you go at the right time, not the normal lunch and dinner hours, you shouldn't have a problem.
If it's your first time, stop by the store and get a t-shirt for the memories!

Had what I believe is my first In -N- Out Burger ever for lunch.
Had the Double-Double burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles - and a side of fries.
Good, greasy, beefy burger goodness!
Such a yummy, messy burger!

I've had 3 opportunities to get In-N-Out this year and FINALLY was able to during my 2nd trip to Vegas...in fact it was our first stop from the airport...suitcases and all.
Before going, Valerie G. and I researched the secret menu so we can get the most of our In-N-Out experience.
(http://daviswiki.org/In-N-Out_Secret_Menu)  I settled for the double double, extra toasted, extra pickles, animal style, cut in half burger with well done animal style fries.
It took me awhile to get my order out and the lady was so nice and didn't rush me at all.
The burger was really good...but I have to stay true to my roots and taste buds and say Shake Shack is better (although In-N-Out is cheaper).
A lot of people have issues with the fries but I find that getting them well done really makes a difference.
I actually like the fries better at In-N-Out than at Shake Shack.
Don't forget to ask for a free hat and stickers!

My first encounter with In-N-Out was as a high school junior, visiting colleges in sunny California.
My relatives promised me to make a pit stop at In-N-Out before my flight back to NYC and my heart filled with hope as we pulled up to the parking lot just to see that it wasn't opened!
5 years later I returned to the In-N-Out in Vegas!
I was a complete noob however - thinking that ordering a 2x2 animal style made me a In-N-Out insider.
Boy was I wrong.
When I returned a few months later I had my bombdiggity order ready:  *Well-Done animal style fries (Well done is a NECESSITY.
Otherwise the fries legit become soggy messes under the special dressing + onions that look like bacon).
*Extra toasted bun (always order the bun first), medium rare animal style single w/out pickles, w/ a whole grilled onion, cut in half.
*Neapolitan Shake (Chocolate + Vanilla + Strawberry)   The wait was minimal as it was around 10:30-11PM on a Friday night.
Probably took about 10 mins for our food (it's fresh, never frozen!).
My only complaint was that the bun was kinda cold :( I also could have done without the shake (suuuuuper thick).
Other that that the food was fabulous + the fact that it's so affordable makes In-N-Out a staple whenever I'm in the West Coast!
P.S.
There are no cabs readily outside...but cabs do stream in on a regular basis.
We had to wait maybe 3 minutes before one came through with more patrons =)

It's In-N-Out!
Seriously do I need to say anything else?

i heart the crap out on in and out they have the best burgers and fries.. i even got the wife to admit it was way better that dicks in seattle which is a real bad ina nd out knock off that is in seattle.

Came as a sad Canadian tourist determined to discover the carnal pleasures of the In-N-Out, and left A MAN.
Had been tipped before hand on 'Animal Style' EVERYTHING, ordered the double cheeseburger and animal fries, and despite the place being PACKED had our food in about 3 minutes.
The food was godly, the staff was super efficient, the restaurant was surprisingly clean considering the amount of traffic they obviously saw.
The fact that we don't have these in Canada is proof that Jesus hates Canadians.
If you're in Vegas, make sure you hit it up.
It's right off the strip and was only about a $10 cab ride from our hotel (Luxor).

I love in n out!
This one is the original in Las Vegas and it is still the best in town!
Its always busy because it is right off the strip, but the food is always perfect.
We have hit this place at almost every time of the day and it is always amazing.
The French Fries at In N Out are never my favorite, but this location somehow always does them just right to the point where I forget I dislike the fries.
That's saying a lot!
The only issue I have with the location is that the "Company Store" is really lacking.
You would think that something that is advertised so heavily would be bigger then a 10X20 closet... Oh well, Im here to eat not buy a jacket.

came all the way for this.
and I should order 10 to go and bring it back to Seattle.
Very good fries!
love the cheese burger !

The double double lives up to the legend and the fries are HEAVENLY.
I would seriously hurt myself if this franchise was back home in NJ.

I know, I know.
Another In-N-Out Burger review.
I have reviewed some in California and now Vegas.
But here we go again.
The food is so good it is repeat company review worthy.
Came here after a mall and unfortunately after a football game.
It was crazy busy so we decided to eat in the car.
I ordered the usual #1 double-double with grilled onions and a lemonade.
I pretty much inhaled it and didn't speak to anyone for the 5 minutes it took me to eat it.
They got our order right even when we had 7 people to order for and some of us ordered it with grilled onions, regular onions, no lettuce, only tomato, yada, yada, yada.
Good job!
Always a pleasure and always a necessity when visiting.
The great thing about this location is that it is right next to their brand store.
My pops bought me an In-N-Out beach towel and my husband picked up a shirt on sale.
Hawaii people are major fans so these things are awesome.
In-N-Out is a must and this location is pretty busy but worth the wait.

Double double, stupid line...
Pretty sure everything you could need to know has been stated.
Definitely one of the better fast food options, though with any fast food could really take it or leave it.

Being from So Cal and looking for a place to eat at midnight, had to go with the old reliable burger joint.
Place was packed, food was delicious and as consistent as we expected, and fries were great.
Only complaint, tried to find a clean table.
At least 10 tables were 'open", but all of them had various degrees of food and debris on them.
Once I asked the counter girl if she could get someone out to clean a few tables, they remedied the situation quickly.
Overall, great experience.

For the money, you won't find better Hangover Food!!
I came here on Jan. 1 and I've never seen a busier In N Out!
I saw a LOT of hungover ppl!!!
The line was literally out the door, and the drive-thru?
pfft, blocking the street.
It was too stuffy indoors so I opted for the drive-thru and that lined moved!
After about ten minutes, I got my cheeseburger animal style, animal style fries, 6 ice waters, and vanilla shake and all my troubles seemed to melt away.
Everything was cooked to perfection!
This In N Out is on it!
They're at the top of their game to handle soooooooooooo many people and still produce such top notch food!
I'll be back!

$3.75 for a PERFECT cheeseburger...what a steal compared to all those fancy LA burgers that you pay a whooping $15+ for.
everytime people visit LA and have never been to in-n-out, we make sure we take them!
and if we're going just to go, i guarantee half our conversation is about how amazing the burger is and HOW IN THE WORLD do they make such a perfect burger!!
i always get a cheeseburger animal style with well-done fries.
try it, you wont regret it.

Normally, we don't really eat cheeseburgers, but whenever we are in California or Vegas, we always stop at In-N-Out for cheeseburgers.
We can't help ourselves.
I don't think any of their ingredients are "special" per se, unless by "special" we mean fresh, made-to-order, and delicious because that is what In-N-Out is all about.
We scoped this location from our hotel window on the Strip and made a bee-line over there before the lunch crowd.
While still slightly crowded, we got our order soon and enjoyed every.
single.
bite.

Just like any other In-N-Out you have been too...
However, one thing that impressed me about this place was the fact that despite the number of people that come here, they are very efficient and get the food out in a very timely manner.
Other places have trouble doing that when they have only a few customers.
Maybe In-N-Out in Nevada is better than Cali?

Double-Double animal style with well-done animal style fries!
Need I say more?

combo 2

Completely overrated, overcrowded, and underdelivered.
Yes, it's a decent burger.
A little better than McDonald's, not as good as Carl's Jr., but perplexingly an EVENT to attend.
The menu boasts three versions of the same burger, and if you snoop around online, you'll soon discover that a whole secret society of (gasp) OTHER WAYS to order those burgers in code exists.
So you go up there armed with your fancy shibboleth and get it ANIMAL STYLE.
Super-awesome, I'm sure, because that means extra sauce and also pre-mixed with mustard.
You know, like animals make burgers.
OK, again, these are good fast food burgers, and the price is appropriate (which is certainly welcome), but seriously... come on.... you know this was a total waste to come here, right?
Next you'll tell me you simply HAVE to go to White Castle.

Same good burgers, but the lines are extremely long.
Most of patrons are visitors from out of town who are wanting to try the west coast phenomenon.
When we went it was to the door cramped inside and a full drive thru line.
I guess that is just the price you pay for a high quality burger meal at fast food prices.

In-N-Out is amazing!
There is not much I can write here that hasn't been said before.
just order everything animal style and you will leave full and happy.
This is some of the best fast food on earth.

What can i say?
It's In and Out burger..yeah, its bomb!

Best burgers in Las Vegas and amazing service!!
I'm always amazed with the consistency of the burgers and excellent service.

Being from Hawaii, it seems like everyone who have been to the mainland talk about the In N Out Burger, especially my sister.
She said this place is a must try and when it comes to food,  her must trys are a MUST.
Driving around LA and to Vegas I would see In N Out Burger here and there, and each time I would point it out to my husband but unfortunately we were not able to stop by.. so by the time we finally made it to the In N Out burger at the end of the our trip, you can guess that my expectation of this burger was out of this world!
I thought their burger was really good and I must stay that I enjoyed each an every bite of it!

thank goodness i know about animal style.
it was my first time having in N out since i'm from the east coast and we dont have any here!
the burger was juicy and delicious and perfectly compiled of onions, lettuce, tomato, and thousand island dressing, with a non frozen beef patty!
animal style is not advertised on the menu but order it like that and you won't regret it!
their fries are yummy too!
i wish i had a box to fly home with me!
delicious lunch and ample seating at this location!

wow, this was a dangerous walk from the strip.
i don't even want to imagine walking here in a vegas stupor of over the top drinking and fun.
the best part of my in-n-out experience was ordering.
i was able to get in my order of:  a #1, animal style burger, light fries and coke and a cheeseburger, animal style, well done fries and a neapolitan shake   in what must have been less than 5 seconds.
even more amazing was the cashier who repeated it all back to me in 3 seconds flat.
awesome-ness.
having had the east coast version of in-n-out (shake shack), i wasn't over the moon about the burger and fries here.
the food was indeed good, and my burger even tasted a bit like a mcdonald's big mac, but my eyes didn't bug out at the first bite of my burger and fries nor did my taste buds shout in excitement.
i did really enjoy my neopolitan shake though.
my next food challenge is to find something like that in ny.
needless to say, we took a cab back to the strip.

I must confess I am probably the only person out there who never had a notorious In-N-Burger so of course I had to check it out while in Vegas.
In my defense we don't have this chain in Canada but after trying it I wish we did.
Such a simple menu, burger or cheeseburger, fries pop.
That's it!!!
Keeps it nice and easy.
Cheap prices too!!
I read the Yelp reviews and the consensus was to have a double burger with cheese and fries done animal style.
Mmmmmm, ok!!!
Loved the burger especially with the grilled onions which in my opinion made it.
Freshly made before your eyes and pretty darn good.
I tried out the fries animal style which consists of a thousand island type sauce over the fries.
I found it to be messy and not my thing but I hear it is popular as hell.
The burger is what won me over so it didn't matter too much about the fries.
Always a line-up and that many people can't be wrong.
They specialize in the one item and excel at it so it is another gotta go there each time I fly over to Vegas.
This is one place that lives up to the hype.
So while you are gambling away Junior's college fund keep $3 change in your pocket and get something for your money but be warned after one bite this too will be an addiction.

OVERALL: OK for a quick bite?
Sure.
Slightly better than a normal fast food place?
Sure.
Perhaps 3.5 stars if I'm rating it as "Fast Food.
"  Overall though, even if there were I&O's near me (Central Connecticut), I can't imagine I'd eat there often.
I'd equate it to Skooters in Windsor Locks, and can quickly rattle off numerous other burger places I'd rather go (some pseudo fast-food like White Hut, Shady Glen, and Five-Guys, some real restaurants like Catsup & Mustard, Ted's Montana Grill, Bobby Flay's Mohegan, Red Robin).
FOOD: I don't get it.
A lot of hype, if you ask me.
The burgers were better than normal fast food, sure, but they weren't really that great.
The texture is nice and pleasing, and it  tasted a bit more like beef than McD's/BK, but that's not saying much.
And the fries...blech.
Flavorless shoestring.
I have a nearly offensive level of appreciation for ketchup, and the fries made me ALMOST say "screw it".
The fries at Five Guys are much much better.
SERVICE: Ordering was quick, but the wait after wasn't.
We had to wait absurdly long because their printer stopped working, and the guy I assumed was the manager didn't notice since he was busy flirting with a customer, (While the place was packed...flirt on your own time, not mine.
Thanks.).
Cleanliness was pretty damn good for a fast food place, particularly considering how crazy busy it was...I have to give them that.
ADDITIONAL COMMENTS: It peeved me that for our takeout they just threw ketchup packets on top of uncovered fries.
Thanks for reaching your dirty mitts into the ketchup packet bin, and dropping it all right on my food.
Sure I'm going to be touching those potentially dirty packets with my fingers, and then eating with the same hands...but I don't need I&O skipping that step.
Next time I'm on that side of the country it'll be Fat Burger time.
A little birdie tells me that place is better than In and Out.

Awesome experience, food, and value anywhere you go.
We came here at the spur of the moment after learning that they were here.
I've been to many in the L.A. area this one is just as good.
The wait took awhile but there's a constant stream of people coming to eat.
it's not entirely walkable from the strip as most people simply drive or cab it, but it is possible.
Had two double doubles and fries animal style!
Yum!

Though my recent visit to In-N-Out Burger was my first and only visit, I'm already sold on it.
For years I've been hearing about their simple but delicious menu and freshly made food.
All I can tell you is that it lived up to the expectations I had.
My burger was made fresh and I could tell that the patty hadn't been previously frozen.
As my meal was being prepped, I could see the kitchen crew cutting fresh French fries in the back.
My milkshake was thick, chocolatey and creamy - just how I like it.
I have no doubt that I'll be hitting up In-N-Out Burger each and every chance I get...
In fact, I may have to make a trip back to the the southwestern U.S. for that purpose alone!

There must be some mistake!
How have I not reviewed this In-N-Out?
While not technically the first or only In-N-Out i've been to, I've certainly been to this one the most.
It's pretty much always busy, but they move the line along quickly.
I don't know what the secret to this burger is.
Chances are you can make a better burger at home, but at the same time there is something that makes me try and make this my first stop whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
So the bottom line is, it's all about the In-N-Out love.
Good consistant quality that is extra delicious for an out of towner.

Try the double double animal style!

Fresh everytime!
You want frills check the secret menu.

BEST BURGERS FROM A DRIVE-THRU!!
Double, double with cheese - animal style!!
Can't go wrong here!

My first and only in and out bc this is not available on east coast...
When I can here around 1pm, the line inside was sooo long we got back in the car and decided to go drive thru....
Which had like 20 cars waiting!!!
So went to jack in he box instead :(  The lines were less longer when We came for drive thru after midnight.
All the four square reviews spoke of animal style.
Had the double meat burger animal style and the animal style fries.
Very delicious...
So big I didn't know which way to put it in my mouth (twss).
Had to flip it upside down to start eating the bottom bun cuz I kept eating the top part.

I guess the East Coast vs. West Coast still rivals on.
I'm just one of many defending the east coast (Shake Shack NYC ALL THE WAY).
But I had to judge In-N-Out burger for myself.
I came here with coworkers on a conference and we got lunch.
I ordered the cheeseburger animal style and fries also animal style.
I tried the burger and was unimpressed.
The burger patty is so thin compared to the toppings and the bun.
Bread with a side of meat?
Yea, pretty much.
The grilled onions really added flavor to the burger though.
The fries were so heavy.
Thick cheese and sauce and onions.
Again, the onions made it better until the cheese congealed and was really goopy.
The service was fast and they were really nice.
This was also a lot cheaper than I thought.
Still, I'd gladly pay a premium to eat at Shake Shack NYC!

Had to try In-N-Out Burger before I leave back to Hawaii and my animal style burger & fries tasted better than I dreamed it would be.
My family and I wanted to enjoy the atmosphere of In-N-Out so we ate inside but it was hella busy.
Our table was dirty and it took one of the employees about 5 minutes just to wipe our table.
That is why I had to remove 1 star.
I will return here when I come back to Vegas.
Aloha!

I had a cheeseburger, animal style, and a shake here.
Same as the CA in every way.
I don't know if LV has a Five Guys but In-N-Out is the best option for fast food burgers, period.
Any other place that can't compete with the high quality of the meat and the speed at which they can pop them out.
In-N-Out is the only burger which I actually will tolerate American cheese, something that I've never been a fan of.
This location is always crowded because people see it from the freeway and they exit just to come in here.
When I went through drive through, I was car #12 but got through from ordering to pickup wihtin 10 minutes.

Great experience here, as usual.
I'm a huge fan of the company and love their emphasis on employee efficiency and appreciation.
This location is no exception.
Went on a Sunday afternoon and as expected, it was crowded- outside parking looked like it would be a hassle but someone backed out right in front of us and we got to take their spot.
Inside, lines were organized and not too long and it was easy to snag one of the few available tables.
Order came out pretty quick, and once we finished there weren't so many people waiting around that we felt rushed out.
Food was hot, fresh, and delicious, as usual.
Got the #2, animal style burger and fries, and made a hot mess of myself.
Maybe it's because this place is such a rare treat for me, but I didn't really see the appeal of their regular plain fries- I've heard a couple of people rave about them, but aside from the animal style extras, they're just fries, guys.

I am confused by folks die hard allegiance to this place and am not that enamored with the secret unpublished way to order ones burger.
It is a clean and friendly, value priced fast-food burger place with a limited menu...The cheeseburger and fries a la "animal" were above average in fast food terms.
But I can't image this is really a destination stop for so many visitors.

The double double is doubly delicious!
I wish they had these in New York :(

There are no In-n-Out burger joints in the Midwest so everytime I am on the West Coast, I have to hit up this place.
3x3, 4x4, animal style, Omg!
Probably the busiest In-n-Out I have ever been too but well worth the wait.
I never seen so many employees working in a fast food restaraunt.
Impressive!

I absolutely LOVE In-N-Out Burger, so why the 3 stars?
This location has the food that we've all grown to love from In-N-Out, so it's not that (5-stars for fast food).
It's just this particular location.
If you're staying on the Strip and have a car, then you can get here rather easily.
If you try to walk, grab a water bottle and maybe a Cliff bar because you're in for a hike.
There is a path that gets you here, but it takes forever.
I wish they could have located on the Strip someplace instead.
I guess you could take a cab, but then you're basically jacking up the price of your burger.
But because it's within cab distance and easy driving distance, this location is PACKED.
I mean, beyond what a normal packed In-N-Out is like.
This created quite the messy restaurant.
Parking looked to be a disaster as well.
I will say that the service was amazing, as they were churning out burgers, fries, and whatnot like a tornado - yet the quality was still there.
Will these things keep me from going to this location the next time I'm in Vegas?
No, because I don't have an In-N-Out where I live and I'm not going to let that opportunity pass me by.
But the simple fact remains that this location tests your patience (even though it's worth it).

Yum.
Yum.
Yum.
This location did it disappoint.
Animal-stoe burger and fries.
Amaze balls!

It is WORTH the expensive cab ride, you tell the cab to leave the meter running, and most of the time, the guy wants an order too.
It is the BEST.
Animal-Style or any style quite frankly ;)  East Coast is seriously deprived.

My inner Fattasaurous won out and dragged me to In-N-Out Burger pretty much as soon as I touched down in Vegas this past week!
After two months of hard dieting and working out I needed this indulgence.
Nay, I wanted this.
I had to have it.
The beast within would not be denied.
So easy to get to by cab as it is close to the strip and they are pretty much running back and forth there every few minutes.
Quick ride from Bally's and it was easy to grab one back as they are constantly dropping off in the parking lot.
Even late at night it was bustling.
Protein style double double, animal style fries, neopolitan shake.
Hellz yeah!
I sat down at a table with my feast and engorged my fat ass to my heart's delight!
Yes, the guilt and dread after eating this made me hit the gym in the morning to burn off all the fatty calories.
Is it overhyped?
Sure is, and it's not as good as many claim.
Shake Shack in NYC is a better tasting burger.
Still, you go for the freshly made food here and the ability to order off the not so secret menu which is part of the fun novelty of In-N-Out.
That, and the diverse crowd that populates this place.
The locals, tourists, and wackos alike make for some fun people watching.

I love In-N-Out, and this is like all the rest, but it does get BUSY, especially at night.
It's funny watching the limos pull up and the drunks file out to get their late night burger fix, though.
What happens at In-N-Out, stays at In-N-Out I guess...

for those non beef eaters who still want to experience in-n-out with your friends.... get the WELL DONE fries ANIMAL style and a Neapolitan shake and you  will not be disappointed.
the regular fries are terrible, they taste stale.
so make sure you get well done.
also, prepare to wait about 10 min on a very long line to order food, and another 10 minutes to get your food.
and make you bring a friend who is really good at eyeing a free table!
like a hawk.
we had one of those friends and we managed to snag a table real quick.

So my friends and I spent half the day in Vegas walking in 108 degree desert weather only to end up at In-N-Out Burger for dinner before hitting the road back to Los Angeles.
I don't really eat meat anymore so this place would not my first choice but since I was voted out 4 to 1 I went with the majority.
We arrive to an overflowing parking like of vagabonds all scurrying inside to get out of the heat to eat.
We barely found a place to park and once inside the scene was chaotic.
All registers were opened, lines out the door and hot and irritable people all standing around waiting for their orders with no available tables to sit and enjoy their food.
The poor cashiers were really nice but seemed tired and fatigued.
I ordered but feared they would get my very simple order of a classic hamburger w/o tomatoes and fries wrong.
Once my number was called, to my surprise my order was perfect but they have got to do something about the fries... don't like em!
K.J.

Long line but totally worth the wait... Just as good in Vegas as in Cali :-)

I'm always craving In-N-Out.
Today was different though I was really really craving it.
I was surprised when we got out order it wasn't correct.
We went through the drive-thru.
I have never had one of the workers ask if we wanted "special sauce" on our burgers it has always been "spread".
That wasn't a big deal to us we just thought it was funny.
My man ordered a "4x4" and I ordered my usual "Grilled Cheese".
We always ask for it with grilled onions and for them to add mustard.
Well, they repeated the order back to us and said it just how we ordered it so didn't at all expect it to be wrong.
We pulled away (napkins covering the food so couldn't see it just yet) and eagerly pulled into the parking lot across the street to get our grub on.
The burgers had grilled onion AND raw onion and had no mustard.
Now we are fans of raw fresh onion but it just wasn't how we ordered it and the raw onion covered the taste of the grilled onion.
For a moment I thought we might have created a new item for the "secret menu".
The fries were black, and I mean blaaaaack.
They were mostly nubs instead of regular long fries.
I have been eating I&OB for decades and know they are the most consistent food chain out there.
I had only one time ever had an issue at a location where the fries were black and I called their 800 # to complain and I have to say I never ever thought a fast food company would go so above and beyond to satisfy a customer.
I was very very impressed.
Sure, I could call and complain about this visit but I'm not looking for freebies and I know for a fact I will be eating I&OB for many more decades to come as it is just too darn delicious.
I instead just called the store directly and let the manger know just so he was aware as I know he knows that preparing the food a I&OB correctly is the standard they want uphold-ed.
He was very polite and apologetic.
I *heart* I&OB!

Its been 12 years since the last time I ate here, and I wasn't disappointed .
I had a double double " animal  style " and fries the sme way and it was awesome.

This was the second time I've been to an In-N-Out restaurant and I was pleased with the burger.
I got a burger, protein style and an order of fries.
The burger was very juicy, and the sauce on the burger didn't overwhelm the flavor.
The fries were good.
Almost every review mentions how busy this location is and they are all correct.
We waited about 20 minutes to place and receive our order.
The parking lot was almost full near the restaurant although there's another lot north of the main one.
The interior was jammed with people.
A friend waited in line to place our order while I walked around trying to score a table.
It was almost like playing musical chairs and I finally sat at one two seater table before someone else.
SInce I don't generally buy burgers out (I like them cooked rare and most places don't do this) I have less experience with burger joints.
This would have been a 4 star review but for the wait and the quickness with which we had to eat or burger to get to our show on time.

Everytime I visit the west coast area, this is my must go to place right when I arrive!
Of course we have plenty of great tasting burgers down in New Orleans where I am from.
But In n Out burgers have their own special taste to it.
The best thing to order would be animal style.
The burger was juicy and the fries were also good.
The fries hardly have any salt on it at all, which I love.
Makes me feel a tad bit healthier eating them...lol  There are other types of burger styles too such as a double or veggie style.
Overall awesome place to stop by and grab burger and fries.

In-N-Out is a classic burger stop.
Mainly over on the west coast, people swear by it and often claim this is the best burger in the country.
I am not one of those.
And I am not  a hater.
I enjoy their burgers, in fact I try to stop by whenever I am in an area that has one.
What's sets INO apart is its "animal style" aka Thousand Island Sauce.
You get it on your burger, you can get it on your fries.
Whatever.
It "enhances the taste" but to me it's all gimmick.
The INO patty is bland with no flavoring (ie ketchup, sauce, etc) it's awfully boring.
The fries are bland as well.
You all probably think I am being unreasonable, but tell me otherwise.
All the people taking about juices from the burger....I feel the patties are too small to begin with you the "juiciness" will be limited unless you go double-double or 4x4.
INO is fun, INO is crowded, INO is landmark...but it is also is over-rated.
Good burgers not the best.

Having been away for over a year, I've love the double-double with grilled onions .
The fries are great.
The shakes are the best for Fastfood hands down, Yum.

6pm and the line was long like any in&out.
the cashier was a beeeetch.
when i told her "I have gluten allergy so...(yup thats where she cut me off)"  she told me "yea so?
what do u want?
"   WHAAAT rude!
anyways ordered a double double protein burger no spread grilled onions w fries  i ended up valeting my car at mandalay bay and since the idiots put the extremely WET burger on the bottom of the bag the meat patties & tomato slid on out to the ground...
MIND YOU I'm gluten free and it was going to be my first and only meal of the day...  not only did the idiots place a  completely wet burger on the bottom of the bag they topped it with 2 frenchfries order...2!!!
no wonder it was so heavy it pushed it out :(   lost a burger....gained an order of fries and wrapped them in my lettuce!
poo they even forgot the grilled onions...lasvegas in n out is a faaail  PS threes so many people but my fries were stale!
stale!
please tell me how thats possible

Long lines, but close enough to the strip to get your animal style grub on after clubbing it up!
Fresh beef, and fries that are hand cut from an actual potato?!?!
Love it!

Words cannot express how much I enjoyed my meal at In-N-Out Burger.
I already knew going to the West Coast that this was one of the places I just HAD to pass by.
Surely enough, after arriving to Vegas from a delayed flight all the way from New York City, I went with friends to indulge in some In-N-Out.
I ordered the cheeseburger combo "animal style", which is one of the options they have on their secret menu.
The sauce made my burger that much more juicy & enjoyable.
The fries were very different in comparison to anything I had ate before, which makes sense since I had never enjoyed fresh fries from an establishment.
The location itself had tons of seating, either indoor or outdoor (by the gift shop).
It was very clean for a fast-food joint.
What I couldn't believe were the prices at In-N-Out!
My whole meal (burger, fries, & drink) came out to less than $6, which is very hard to believe.
I will definitely be going back to In-N-Out burger whenever I am in the west coast.
I look forward to trying out more items from the secret menu, as well.

Love in-n-out.
Wish we had them in Michigan

I FINALLY made it to In-N-Out Burger after seeing it off-strip for a decade of Vegas vacations.
I know this is In-N-Out blasphemy, but I don't see the appeal.
I like that the fries are hand-cut and the buns are preservative free, but everything else?
McDonald's with a fancy sauce.
Maybe I needed to get the not-so-secret animal style burger and fries to have this mind-blowing experience everyone seems to have here, but the regular old burger?
Meh.
Needless to say, I was not impressed, I don't get it, and I won't be back.

I love In-N-Out.
I've been to at least 7 locations including this one.
This one is easily the worst (and I'm still giving it three stars).
It's not all because of the huge crowds, although that's part of it.
The problem was that the service is shoddy, which should not be the case even at a busy location.
On certain travel weekends, Kettleman City, located roughly halfway between the Bay Area and LA, gets pretty darn busy, but they can handle themselves.
Here, they call orders prematurely and don't get all the fries ready.
I also saw a woman with a serious enough complaint to get a coupon or something from the manager.
The food was good, as you would expect from In-N-Out.
Juicy burgers, fresh ingredients, all that jazz.
However, unless you're going for the first time novelty of eating at the location with the flashy sign, then pick another location.

they're...just...so...damn...good!!!!!!!!!!!!

I popped my in-n-out cherry at this location and I can't get enough when we go to Vegas.
Usually the first stop after we get off the plane is stopping by and grabbing grub.
This other location on Paradise Blvd.
is less busy, but the food here just taste a little better.
Animal Style!

Great place for a hamburger, fresh cut fries and shake.
We love it here.
Fries and burger are made fresh on the premise.
You can taste the difference.
They are always busy.
You can have a "protein" style burger without the buns, and with lettuce instead.
I always look forward to eating at this fast food joint wherever I can find it.

After hearing all the raving reviews I had to try it out.
I have to say that although the prices were cheaper than comparable fast food burger places, the overall burger was nothing to rave about.
I prever NY Shack burgers anytime.
I am really not sure if people like it because one cannot find it on the East Coast or what exactly brought the popularity of these burgers because for me it was inferior in taste even to McDonalds (and I am talking purely on taste, no doubt anything is better quality than McDonalds).

OH HOW I LOVE IN-N-OUT BURGER!
I'm not going to talk too much about In-N-Out Burger because you don't go there unless you already know ;).
The only drawback about his location is that the drive thru and the inside is often very busy no matter what time of day.

After all the hype this place was just average at best.
On the east coast we have so many great options for burgers.
I guess out west there are not many choices.
Five guys & elevation burger both beat In-N-Out and they are just average around here.
Even though the burgers aren't fantastic they are a great late night option.
The fries are fresh cut and tasty.

Cheap, not so tasty food.

No better fast food burger exists.
IMHO the 3x3 is the perfect meat-cheese-bun ratio.
Tremendous quality in every food product they put out...like real ice cream shakes!
I only eat a few burgers a year from fast food chains, but once again...I want them all to be from I-N-O.
There are certainly better restaurant burgers out there, but I was inspired to post this because I just had a restaurant burger that failed to compare to I-N-O.

I would give it 5 stars if it didn't have so much grease.
Other than that, I love hamburgers!
I always MUST get an in-n-out burger whenever I'm in Cali or Vegas.
Hamburger, animal style please :)

Long line on a Monday night at 9:30, and I can't understand the appeal!
I went there because I was told the burgers are better than an average fast-food chain.
How wrong was that information!
Their burgers taste exactly like a Big Mac!
While I am not a huge fan of Five Guys, at least it's better than this.

My husband is a Inn and out contisuer he loves in and out the service is fast even though there is a line all the way around the block.
And the food was hott!.
I absolutely love this inn and out!

Good food for fast food.
Always busy and serves hot, made to order food.
Animal style is the only way to go!

It's IN N OUT, you can't go wrong.
Great food, great service.

Very good service, keep up the good job guys.

You either like the food or you don't get what all the fuss is about.
I happen to love it.
This location is well run, but always way crowded as it is right off of I-15 near Trop.
and the Strip.
Most of the license plates in the parking lot are from CA or some other state other then Nevada.
If you miss LA, you will feel at home here.
Great food and people watching.

With 300+ reviews there's not much to add other than I really wish In-N-Out would open a franchise outside of the southwest region because they would undoubtedly be successful considering the killer food and service they provide.
Whenever I have the opportunity to eat at an In-N-Out I jump at it; regardless of whether or not I'd already eaten at one earlier in the week.
This location is right off of the strip and can be accessed via cab if you don't have a car.
Given its proximity to all the tourists (myself included) it's usually always busy no matter when you go.
Despite the constant crowds the staff here were genuinely friendly which only added to the awesome experience of chowing down on my Double Double and fries (both Animal style of course).
The milkshakes are also pretty good and deserve a worthy mention.

As I've sat back and watched a debate unfold before me -both online and in person-  in regards to the "Which is better?
" Shake Shack vs. In-N-Out Burger fight, I was always a little miffed that I didn't really have a dog in the fight.
I was also upset that I don't use the word "miffed" anywhere near as much as it deserves to be used.
So imagine my surprise and happiness when I found out that In-N-Out has an outpost in Vegas.
In case you can't imagine it, it was kind of anticlimactic in that I didn't jump around or throw midgets in celebration.
I was just really happy while sitting in a moving car.
So, which is better?
Subjectively, I would still say Shake Shack.
The girl, however, who does not like any hamburger ever created, ate 75% of my Animal Style burger in the time it took me to take a sip of my milkshake (Neopolitan, because you have to order off the menu anytime you're given the opportunity in life).
She then spent the rest of the trip, and nearly every day up to the time I'm writing this review, complaining that she hasn't had another one, but what does she know?

Ok, so I didn't just go to get my friend a tshirt that he wanted from the vegas in and out.
Really like their burgers and was trying to watch the carbs so they offered them protein style.
No bread and large pieces of lettuce on the outside so you can eat like on a bun.
Partner I was with had the traditional with bun and also enjoyed.
Didn't eat any fries this trip either but they are also some of my favorites amongst the burger joints.
Thshirts only set me back 950 each

Crowdy but still very quick in delivering my order.
Waiters finally smiling.
The food is very good, fries seem to be let greasy so...different taste but they are good.
I'll go back to this place again

Always go to this Inn N Out burger everytime I go to Vegas.
I got drive thru this time because I had to check into my hotel soon.
But me and my friend was starving and this place hit the spot.
Two Double double meals with coke.
Burger was delicious, drive thru staff was friendly, and service was pretty quick.
They even apologized for the wait.
(approx.
2 minutes)  Come on thats fast for freshly make burgers.
Overall excellent experience as usual.

OH HOLY HE[double hockey stick]  Best cure for a hangover ever.
This place is right off the strip so it's kind of too far to walk to, but you can see it right over the highway.
In & Out is what some would consider Las Vegas's Chick-fil-A [since we don't have one of these fine establishments].
It's ALWAYS packed at whatever time you will get there.
So be prepared to wait in line and wait a bit for your meal.
Sometimes you even have to wait for a seat so you can actually enjoy your cardiac arrest on a platter!
one pattie, fries and a drink is plenty for me...but I know some people go hog wild.
If you also get the 'special sauce' on the side and/or just get ketchup/mustard it saves you like 10 grams of fat [all the nutritional info is on their website]  I just wish they served beer.
Beer 'n Burgers it just goes together.

Flippin' amazing!
Double double Animal style is amazing, fries are just ok.
They also have a gift shop with in-n-out blankets!!
My only regret is not buying a few little buddies for my plane ride (and the next day).

This In N Out is HUGE compared to the ones I normally go to in California.
It's not that far from the strip but I wouldn't walk out at night down Tropicana.
It can get very busy here and prepare to wait to order and wait for your food.
Luckily I have my smartphone to keep me busy.
The restaurant crowd is a mix of locals, tourists and CALIFORNIANS!!
IN N OUT is famous in California and what better to celebrate your long journey here from So Cal then having some good tasting fresh burgers and fresh cut hot fries.
Mmm...
Yum!

Did i just step foot in Burger Heaven!??!?!
Oh how i still crave for you !
If only you had locations in Toronto!
Best burger EVER!!

I love In-n-Out and miss not having one near by.
Everyone time we can stop and have a double double we do.
LOVE!!

I really wanted to hate this place when I first moved out west from Chicago.
After all, it's from California (gross) and Californians treat it like a god-damn cult.
Unfortunately there is some kind of virus in the air here (must be the wind patterns) that makes people shit bricks over In-N-Out.
I must have contracted it because now I can't help but like it.
:(  The hamburgers are decent fast-food fare as long as you add grilled onions and leave off the GOD-AWFUL spread.
With the spread they taste exactly the same as McDonalds.
The shakes are tasty - it's not hard to make a good shake.
The fries are pretty bland but can be saved if you order them well-done.
There are so many better chain hamburgers to be had.
Five Guys is way better, and Smashburger is the best.
But when you're on the long, lonely road to L.A. (god forbid), the Barstow In-N-Out is pretty much the best thing along the route.
And if you're a Californian tourist coming in to town, you probably can't help but be drawn to the giant sign like a neon beacon.
In-N-Out is a slightly-above-average fast food chain that, like Chick-fil-A, is good but not nearly deserving of all the hype it gets.
When I want a fast food hamburger, I'll stick with Smashburger.

I absolutely love In-and-Out Burger; they are my favorite burger place ever!
The burgers are homemade just like the fries both are delicious, the condiments are a family recipe, and the patties are made to order.
I really enjoy the burgers every time I get a chance to visit an In-and-Out location plus I highly recommend this place!
#30daysofYelp

All I can say is it's In N Out.
You have to stop by when you're not from the area, and you see one.
My stomach is always a fan

This place is dirt cheap, high quality, and extremely delicious!
You must stop here during your Vegas trip!

They pay their workers well and make the best fast food burger in town!
Great place!

Who doesn't love In-N-Out Burger?!?!
The little angel on my left shoulder telling me you will never lose those 5 lbs if you eat that burger!
This place should be one of the 7 godly sins!
It's so yummy and absolutely horrible for your arteries.
I would love this place way more if it could taste so good and also be calorie free!
Great for the occasional cheat meal.

I think there are only two in Las Vegas and this one was close to the strip.
I like to order my fries extra crispy and they just seem to taste better to me that way.
Great cult like burgers, fries, shakes.
Too bad they don't open a restaurant in my area in Florida.

This is what i was waiting for for 7 years!!!!!
and i took the cab to get me there... it was SOOOO worth it just like i remembered the burger was just so good, don't know why but it is.
i had to get new fries because the ones i got were not fresh, im glad i did because that made it great!!!
since i first tried one in LA and knowing that there was one off the strip , when i booked by LV vacation that was one place that was a must!!

when you're in vegas, there's always the consoling feeling of o man...i'm hungry but just ran out of all the cash since i spent it all on vegas....  so...where do you go...for me..the answer was in n out   a california native, in n out for me is like rice to asians...wait..i am asian...XD  anyways...get the double double since i had to eat later at night as well...one is enough for the road back to LA  this place is so crowded so if you dont mind sitting with the birds and the bees outside, you probably have to eat in your car

amazing!!!!

Stopped there yesterday.
I am seriously handicapped with oxygen and back surgery, All the Handicapped parking was taken up by TAXI CABS.
waved my placard at 1 driver and he just stood by his cab.
Called the Taxi authority and they were not really to interested.
If I see this again you know I will be taking pictures.
I was so angry I forgot to take photos.
Needless to say there was no other parking either.
Taxis own this city.
I couldn't count how many cabs were there.

We ate here on our last visit to Las Vegas.
This was our first time eating here.
This location was slammed, of course.
I will admit not a good location to eat at if you have never eaten at an In-N-Out.
We now know how and what to order especially since the first time was not that great.
The burgers are super thin so make sure you order a larger portion.
I HIGHLY recommend the Animal.
Yummy!

Finish this sentence:  Whenever I visit ___________, I have to eat at ___________.
While I don't consider myself an UBER-foodie (yet, lol), I can say that there is one thing all food lovers share in common.
We have a running list of blanks to fill in.
In-N-Out seems to be on many a lists for those of us who don't live near one.
While I am not giving them a 4* rating necessarily for the food, I do admire and appreciate the concept:  - A simple burger.
(I am all about simple burgers.
) - Fries.
(Crispy.
Shoestring.
Crispy (yes, I said it twice for emPHAsis)) - Drinks.
(Bottomless.
) - Shakes.
(Only when I've worked out during the day.
)  That's it.
Good food.
A value can't be beat.
INO, I can't wait to see you again!

I feel sometimes I get wrapped up in all the gourmet burgers out there with bacon and cheddar and onion shoe strings and blue cheese and fried egg and the works that you can do.
But you know what?
Sometimes the simple classic totally can just hit the spot.
In Houston, TX, we don't have an In-N-Out...at least not yet.
So being out in this part of the US, we couldn't be just a taxi-ride away from an In-N-Out and NOT go to it.
It was totally worth it.
I got the regular burger animal style and fries (extra crispy).
This time the fries weren't exactly how I wanted them, but the burger totally made up for it.
Simply delicious.

This location meets the level of service and taste expected of an In-N-Out.
This store is EXTREMELY busy, but the staff turned out meals quickly and efficiently.
The wait was  reasonable and the food was up to par.
I would avoid this location during the Friday afternoon lunch rush.

There burgers are ok ...for fresh fries,they  need more salt..

Cheap but not fast because they are always so busy.
The burger is pretty good here but not amazing like Goldie's in Tulsa OK or at It's a Better Burger in Maryland Heights Missouri.
Fries are really good but eat them fast because they get cold on a hurry.
The workers here are always nice but they are overworked because it seems tables are always in need of being wiped down.
All in all it's a must hit if you are in Vegas or Cali.

This place has saved me from many hungry nights.
Definitely a place my east coast friends always bug me to take them when they're visiting town.
I always get the double burger animal style with chili peppers, delicious!

best fast food style burger for price and quality.
fries are only good if you eat them fresh.
like as they are falling out of the basket while the fries master is cooking them.

So this place is basically McDonalds on the West Coast, but just burgers.
I'm from the East Coast, so this was my first experience with the famous In-N-Out Burger, which I found to be a lot of hype so we went there on 2/12/13.
My friends and I asked our taxi driver to go through the drive thru window here because I wanted to check out what all of the fuss over this place was about.
I got the Double Double Animal style w/ fries and a lemonade to drink.
I enjoyed the burger, but felt it tasted almost exactly like a Big Mac from McDonalds (maybe a little fresher).
The fries weren't seasons very well, if at all.
While I enjoyed the food, I just didn't feel it was anything worth mentioning, and certainly not worth driving a distance away for.
For all my friends on the West Coast always telling me how great this place is, I was anything but impressed.
It wasn't too expensive for the burger, fries and a drink, but it also wasn't a bargain either.
I'd much rather have a Five Guys burger and fries, than back here at In-N-Out Burger.

Simple menu, excellent food, great prices!
If you've never been you need try it, if you've been you already know.
Can be crowded but worth it and check out the gift shop next door.

I love in n out.
A great place to grab a bite before you jump on the road to leave Vegas if you want to avoid the buffets and crowds and traffic that follow after your dining experience.
It is always crowded so be prepared to wait in line for 15 minutes!

I eat here all the time... not only do I think this particular establishment is fun and hip, I think this company is one of the most amazing slices of americana...  At this place you can gaze upon the adjacent empty McDonald's parking lot.
while this place is filled with hustle and bustle.
The food is classic In-n-Out... delicious and cheap!
Keep it up In-N-Out!

We live in the east coast and we came to Vegas for the first time in May of 2012.
This was the first time we had In and Out Burger.
AWESOME!!
Just perfect.
It;s a shame that we don;t have any of these back home in NYC.

I have made a point to get here on each of my trips to Vegas, and it never disappoints.
The burgers are inexpensive, the fries are amazing, as are the milkshakes - and of course, there's the whole secret menu.
I'd like to be able to go here more often to really explore the combinations of what I could do to the secret menu - but I find myself perfectly content with a double/double animal style with extra everything (sauce, pickles, lettuce, tomato and probably other stuff), well done fries with animal sauce (love that cheesy thousand island goodness), and a rootbeer float (covers both my beverage, dessert, and kicks the caloric count up another 1,000 points or so).
Theres a reason this place has so much lore to it - if you havent already, make it a point to go there.
Also, you can have your taxi go to the drive thru - I dont think any cabbie in NYC would do drive thru, plus everything is made fresh and takes under 5 minutes to be served.
It would be nice if this place was a little closer to the strip, but walking back to the hotel post gluttony is a pretty nice way to burn off a miniscule amount of the meal while seeing the real vegas in all its seedy glory.

I am still craving another In n Out burger as I write this.
We don't have the chain in Colorado which makes it a real treat when we visit.
The burgers are tasty but what I really love is all the fresh toppings from lettuce, tomato, freshly sliced onion, extra pickle, mustard, special sauce, ketchup, cheese....I'm lucky I could taste my burger with all the goodies I requested on my double cheese burger!
Somehow I managed to get my mouth around all that deliciousness and I enjoyed every single sinful bite!
Mmmmmmm!
The kids had the creamy milk shakes to accompany their meals and I went for the diet coke....yes diet....it's not funny!
We tried the freshly cut french fries and reveled in all the flavor.
I can't wait to return to that crazy busy and incredibly delicious burger joint!

Oh.
My.
God.
I can't believe I've only just discovered In-N-Out recently on my first trip to Vegas.
Now my review is only based on the burgers; the fries, to me, were just mediocre.
However, the burgers are INSANELY delicious -- I mean, cooked to perfection and ridiculously flavorful for not being processed meat.
We ate here 3 times on a four day stay in Nevada!
This is easily the best fast food burger I have ever had the pleasure of eating.
To top it off, the staff is super duper nice.
Who opens early just because creepy tourists are waiting outside at the butt crack of dawn for a burger?
In-N-Out employees, that's who.
Ugh, if I hit the lotto, my first ticket is out west for another delicious burger.

Not usually a huge fan of fast food, I had to see what all the fuss was about!
You always hear movie stars that go to In and Out Burger after awards shows so I needed to see why!
Let me tell you, this location, maybe all of them at twelve noon is busier than BUSY!
I know, it was a week day, lunch time and all that but the line was way out the door and way out into the parking lot.
NOW we really had to try it!
The line went quick considering the mayhem but the wait to get the actual food after ordering was awhile.
Then you have to stand around the crowd to wait for your # to be called out.
I will say, the burger I had was worth the wait but do not waste your time and money on the fries, but that of course if my opinion.
Glad to see that they use fresh fries and you can still see some of the skin on them but they were limp, under seasoned and I am 100% sure that the oil they use to fry them in is not near hot enough.
I could not finish them.
McDonalds still holds the fry trophy.
This location has a merchandise store next door to help with overflow parking and seating for those who want to sit outside to eat.
let me tell you, you do not want to attempt to eat one of these burgers in your car, not even if you have a rental!
Messy goodness!
Thumbs up on the nicely valued burger (yum to the extra onions and juicy tomato!
) and the pink lemonade.
Thumbs down on the long wait and the underwhelming fries.
SIMPLE menu - burgers, burgers with cheese, fries and drinks.

Wow- this place was delicious!
I can't believe I didn't know about it sooner.
It was very busy though, so my husband and I elected to eat outside in January.

In N Out deserves 5 stars!!!!
It is by far the best burger in the world :) the fries are so good and fresh, the shakes are amazing.
Price is low.
Perfect!!
I bring a double double home to the east coast for my dad everytime I come out to Vegas.
Yes they are that good :)

Tasty burgers.
Fries were not hot but still worth it.
There were plenty of folks in line when we got there yet you didn't feel "forgotten" since the line moved well.
Tables were clean and they had several staff members picking up in the dining room so all hands were literally on deck both behind the counter and amongst the customers.
Just before we left a tour bus pulled up and rushed the entryway.
Despite obviously seeing the parking lot virtually full upon arrival and the dining room packed they decided to line up at the counter anyway.
So, looks like the In-N-Out Burger franchise is humming along just fine.
Have been at other In-N-Outs in NV and CA so my 4 star rating is quite accurate.
P.S.
I believe they cut potatoes for the fires fresh in the back area...cool.

Seeing their name makes me want to go get a cheeseburger.
And well done french fries animal style.
So good!

sooooo good

good

Ive changed my mind.
In-N-Out is the second best burger place in Vegas.
Im on the search for the 1st.
2 words changed my mind.
ANIMAL STYLE.

I teetered between giving this place 3 or 4 stars.
I like that they have a very limited menu.
You have 4 options: burger, fries, soda and/or shakes.
That limited menu allows for food to be made fresh and people too be served quickly.
I guess that is why they named the place in and out burger.
The burgers actually have seasoning on them.
It is always refreshing to bite into a burger and have your taste buds thank you.
You can tell they are using quality meat, and not filler meats like other places.
I have to admit one thing though, the burger is too small for my liking.
I ordered the 2 meat, 2 cheese burger, a.k.a.
the double-double, and actually had room for another burger.
Fries are average.
You will not see this restaurant's fries in your grocery freezer like some other places has it for themselves!
Shakes are decent but small as well.
With that limited menu, you truly know what to expect when you go there.
Outside them asking you if you want onions on your burger, grilled or non grilled, there aren't too many surprises with this place.
I did not try the lemonade to see if it was special.
3.5 star experience rounded to 4 stars.

While eating here, my friends claimed that this was the best In-N-Out they have ever had.
I thought it tasted almost the same as every other In-N-Out I have been to.
Don't get me wrong, it was delicious and still highly recommended!
However, I have learned that everything tends to taste much better to people who have been consuming mass amounts of alcohol.
For out-of -towners unfamiliar with In-N-Out, it is a must try!
There menu is simple and excellent.
There are only a few things on the menu, but it is about as good as fast food gets.
They also have a secret menu where you can customize your meal a ton of different ways, but I would suggest that first timers stick to the basics.
I got the #1 combo when I visited here.
It consisted of a Double-Double ( a burger with double meat and cheese), fries, and a fountain drink.
It was not as magical as my friends made it out to be, but it really hit the spot for me and was super tasty.
I am always down for some In-N-Out, and this location did not disappoint!

One of the best "fast food" burgers I've ever had.
$5.50 for a double cheeseburger and fries after tax.
You cant beat that price, especially considering how good they taste.
We took a taxi from the Mirage and both ways it cost twice as much for the cab as the 2 burgers and 2 fries.
But it was well worth it!

Stopped here on 5/12/13 for our last meal in Vegas.
Great burgers as always - a little disorganized here and that's why I dinged them one star - our party had tickets 28, 29, 30, & 31.
How can they serve ticket # 33 before us?
It's all burgers, so it's not like our orders were complicated!
Other than that, all good...

This is for all of you people who live under a rock and do not know what In N Out burger is.
It's delicious.
I would end the review there but let's do this.
This location is located right off the strip and should be the first destination when landing in Las Vegas.
I typically get a single burger animal style with fries animal style with a strawberry shake.
Why the animal style you say?
BECAUSE IT'S LEGIT!
Go to in n out's website to find out all the different styles out there.
Go in.
Try it and if you didn't know to try it.
NOW YOU KNOW.

The #1 and #2 is consistently perfect no matter what city you are in!!
There is a in and out store here and the drive through is a little different, long single line through the back.

I stopped in here for drive thru right before the Bowling UYE.
I am used to waiting for In N Out, but this time it was pretty obnoxious.
And it was on a Monday night around 11pm... not prime time.
I waited at the first window to pay, but nobody was there.
Then someone finally said to pull up to the next window...when I got to that window, the guy had no idea which order was mine.
I had to tell him what I ordered, and then he gave me the bill.
Then almost forgot to give me my drink after I got all my food.
Consistency is usually great at In N Out...this time, the bread was over grilled, so it was crunchy.
Something petty to complain about, but since I have never complained at an In N Out before, I might as well do it now.
And they didn't give me a bag...only a square cardboard, so the food got cold fast.
I thought I remember getting it in bags on the way out?
Never order drive thru anymore, so maybe things have changed.

I've tried the big 3: In N Out, Five Guys, and Shake Shack.
And of these three once-regional chains, In N Out is by far my least favorite.
The fries are inedible.
For purity's sake, I tried them plain, with just cheese, and animal-style.
Each time, the fries seized up into a warm potato brick almost immediately after serving.
The burger is a decent burger, I will give them that.
But they have never gotten my order right.
I wouldn't care so much except that I have numerous severe food allergies.
I asked for a single cheeseburger, plain, with pickles and ketchup.
What did I get?
A double double with cheese, lettuce, onions, and mustard.
I ate it because I was starving...
But it's like a normal-size version of White Castle.
Not worth the trip across I-15.
The iced tea was decent and the burger was filling, but I will not return for a fourth visit.

It's really unfair of me to review In-N-Out because I'm partially obsessed.
We come for lunch every Sunday after church and I get the same thing each week: #2 mustard fried with pickles and a root beer.
Holy Moses, it's one of my favorite things in this world!

This store has huge volumes, parking can be a little difficult, but they do their best to keep up.
When busy they put an order taker in the drive thru to get a head start on orders.
We got 3 doubledouble animal style, 2 fries, 3 shakes for $20.81.
Burgers are pretty darn good, and they wrap it good to help keep it from becoming a messy disaster.
Shakes are thick and tasty too.
Chief complaint, fries are dreadful.
I swear they were better 3 years ago.
Last year we came in, and a worked overheard us complain, and she brought us a fresh order, and they were still dreadful.
And they were the same this trip.
I cant put my finger on why.
Yuk.
Did they switch something up?
This store has a gift shop attached, if you're looking for inexpensive vegas brand memorobilia, this is a good place for it.

What can I say that has not already been said about In-N-Out Burger?
The service, cleanliness and food quality is top notch!
I love their "special" sauce and always ask for packets to take home, don't forget that request as it is yummy on the fries!
Great burgers and shakes however as I have said for years I just wish they had a different kind of French fries as those dried up  slivers of potatoes they call fries just don't cut it with me.
The only way I will order their fries is animal style.
We have loved there food for years since I had my first experience in San Diego, California back in the early 90's!
No need to make a long review, good food, service, quality, prices, and clean it is what it is.
Peace out!

Always the best burgers in the country

I normally don't do reviews of chains, but I felt this one deserved a review.
One of the best burgers I've had from a fast food restaurant...hands down.
Very simple menu, order your burger, fries, and shake.
I went with animal style on the burger which added some extra toppings and sauce.
Highly recommend this.
This place is great for a quick lunch stop or when you're slumming for some food because you're drunk!

It's In-N-Out, just get ready for a line and wait.
It's well worth it.

As always, awesome.
A great In-N-Out location, perfect food for a great price.
It's busy as you might think an In-N-Out might be in Vegas.
Really busy.
Did I say it was busy?
But it's worth the ten minute wait inside.
I think drive through might be faster, it depends.

It's SOOO good!
I can't believe we don't have a shot with In-N-Out in our neck of the woods.
Seriously?!
So, you know what you're having.
A burger.
Fries.
Maybe on the wilder side.
A drink.
You've done it again, and you'll be back.
It amazes me, cause, after Holsteins, and watching a crowd of 4 down $60 worth (4 beers) of Bud Light, less than $10 for two to eat is just such a treat.
Now, the real trick..... how do I get across that freeway?
It's tough walking, we couldn't figure it out.
Rented a car.
Ha.
Thanks for listening!

Double-double animal style is delish.
It always makes me wanting it first thing when on the west coast.
.. Too bad the one I had here in Vegas was dry, and tasted like crap.
I was trying to imagine the time I had it in San Fran and was in burger heaven, but nope, crap.

how can you go wrong with in n out never even tho it's always packed i still keep coming no matter what 4x4 only.

Came on a Monday.
The line was ridiculously long and out the door.
Wait time was 30-40 minutes.
So crazy how people would wait so long for this.
So glad I have one right across the street from my house, although I only eat here every 5 or so years lol  My friends and I ordered the animal style burger and fries.
I was never a fan of their fries.
To fresh and health for me.
The cheese on it sucked too.
Tasted like it was melted down rubber.
The burger was good though.
One burger was good enough for me but one of the guys ordered an extra one that nobody wanted to eat.
So I offered to help him eat it by eating half.
Oh man, I was so stuffed.

Every time I come here during lunch (around noon), it's always busy.
Really busy!!!
Even though the line is almost out the door, the service is pretty quick.
All you non-west coast people must stop by In-N-Out and get anything in the menu.
It's amazeballs.

I have to give this In-N-Out 1 less star than I'd like just because I've had better in Cali.
Still, it IS an In-N-Out, and less than perfect is still way better than the other fast food competition.
Other people in the area agree, the line out the door and the line for the drive-thru going out into the street and almost to the I-15 on ramp while the other fast food neighbors are pretty dead is telling: everyone loves In-N-Out, including famous chefs like Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain.
Except my ever hungry friend.
He wasn't impressed.
He expected a large menu of every burger combination possible complete with foie gras and shittake mushrooms.
Sorry, this isn't that sort of place.
Here they keep it simple, honest, and fresh.
He didn't get it.
It's not gourmet fanciness, it's just a good burger and freshly cut fries.
If a place doesn't have dancing Asian midgets and a full appetizer menu on which he could order the whole page at a time it isn't for him.
I can't blame him though, this location wasn't as good as I've had before, but it was close enough since we'll probably never see one of these on the east coast ever..  One thing to note, there's a company store that sells In-N-Out swag right next door.
If you're a fan, go there.

It is In-N-Out, so you should know what you are getting.
Company store is across the parking lot for you merchandise needs.
Fairly small location, given how busy it is.

After going years since having my last Double Double one of my most anticipated visits on the itinerary was the nearest Inn-N-Out.
After the suspicious taxi ride loop around the highway to get to the restaurant I finally arrived and ordered after waiting shortly in  line.
What nostalgia I had built up in my head since my last burger led to disappointment.
It may be this particular location because the ones in California I remember tasting much fresher and better.
I am willing to give a different location another shot but in this day there are so many similar fresh and fast competitors.

***TIPS***  - This is the closest location to the main vegas strip - Don't come between 10pm to midnight, you might have to wait 30 minutes for your food.
Its faster to do drive through during these hours.
- Go after midnight if eating there.

First of all, let me state that this place was so packed when I get in there that most fast food places would have been eaten alive by the crowd.
Here, however, they calmly churn through the people and I still had my food within 10 minutes.
Being an In-N-Out virgin, I didn't know what to expect.
However, I got some tips from a friend's boyfriend about this whole "secret menu" business, and decided that mustard grilled was going to be the way to go.
It definitely was.
This may have been one of the all-time best fast food burgers I've ever had.
The fact that the burger comes deluxe automatically is a big plus for me.
Definitely a good decision on my part to go here while in Vegas, which I only did because of the fact they were mentioned briefly in "The Big Lebowski.

A great place for a quick, filling burger!
I haven't been to one since I moved to New Mexico (outside of trips back to Cali) and introduced my friend to it the minute I saw it across the way.
Crowded but pleasant, and quick with service, it has great fries, good people, and great burgers!
Please oh please, make your way to New Mexico!

Great food.
Fast service.
Reasonable prices.
Very busy at lunch time.
Very clean restaurant!

Line is always very long, but the wait is worth it for In N Out

TOO EFFIN' CROWDED.
Find a different In N Out on your phone and go there instead for better service and less crowds.
Otherwise, food is just like any other traditional In N Out which is delish!

The bomb dot com!!!!
Loveeee the burgers.
Only reason I give 4 stars is because I'm not a fan of animal style fries, or their fries at all really.
But everything else about this place is the bessssst.
If we had in-n-out in NC I would be fat and eat it every day.

4 stars simply because I AM A FAN!
I love love love the In-n-Out double-doubles and the animal-styled fries!
This location near the Strip was busy.
I had waited 15-20 minutes in the drive-thru past midnight; the line was long but the foods were totally worth the wait!
Juicy meat patties, melted cheese, and the "Animal" sauce, OMG!!
Just delicious!
I wish the burger chain would come down to Houston, TX just like Carl's, Jr.
I keep my fingers crossed.

BUSY BUSY BUSY!
Did I say that they were busy yet?
Lines wrapped through the restraunt and out the front door.
Even at that the food was ready quickly and the quality was great as expected from In-N-Out.
Something had to be wrong with the Soda machine because every one we tried was flat.
maybe a 10 minute walk from Excalibur.

Had my first animal style burger here.
Yum!
Also got a neopolitan.
I wish it would come to the east coast!!

The burger is 5 star greatness.
It's juicy, packed with flavor and leaves you wanting more of that flavor.
What more can be said about a perfect burger?
The place however sucks and they need to make it larger.
It gets way too packed there.
However service was friendly and we received our burger in about 7-10 mins.

yummy in my tummy

In & out burger is even better than you have heard!!
Let me start by saying I live in Seattle, WA and unfortunately I haven't had the pleasure of eating at one since they are currently only in 5 states.
It's so good it almost makes you want to move to Las Vegas.
I had heard about them but never investigated further.
We were surprised to learn the menu consists of only about 5 items.
Yeh that's right five.
Burger, cheeseburger, double burger, fries, shakes, and soda pop pretty much sums it up.
The place was crazy busy with a line almost out the door both times we went but it didn't take too long to get our food, maybe 5 minutes.
Everything is fresh and never frozen and they cut the fries right there in front of your eyes from fresh potatoes.
The burger had a toasted bun and was amazing and the fries were even better and not greasy at all.
The total bill for me and my daughter to eat was under $10 bucks.
If you go at lunch or dinner expect it to be very busy.
I would do just about anything to get a in & out burger in Seattle.
If you don't believe me than maybe the fact that consumer reports rated it as its top fast food burger restaurant will make you a believer.
Honestly it was the best food I had in Vegas.

In-n-out is all about consistently great quality burgers.
One of my favorite places to get good food fast.
I usually order a cheeseburger with no onions, add pickles, protein style.
But sometimes I'm craving something a little more fattening (usually after a night of drinking, and I opt for the French fries animal style (no onions though) So good... so bad... but sooo good!!!
This location can get pretty busy during lunch time..
But that is to be expected.
They also have great fresh brewed iced tea.
Staff is friendly!

Went to this joint about 2-3 years ago and I was not impressed.
I did all my research and went for the secret menu and ordered the burger and fries "Animal style".
They just dumped thousand island dressing on it with bacon and cheese.
It was nothing special and it was just full of grease.
I heard the ones in San Fran were a lot better.
I hope so...because I really didn't understand the hype of this place..

Never been before..... Will be back I went with a In and Out veteran who helped me thought the written menu and the "secret" menu.
My double double animal style with extra crispy fries was excellent.
You can also get sides of their sauce in squeeze packs.
We did the drive thru which was a bit of a line, but it moved.
All fresh and tasty , thank goodness they are not back in Michigan

I mouth-gasmed all over my burger and fries.
It was super crowded so the food took a while, but I sorta felt like I was in the footloose town at that snack place where all the youngsters went to play music and dance in secret.
(Except the preacher dude didn't  show up and crash the party!
) Good vibe, good food.
Of course it's Vegas tho, and I may have had the beer goggles for my burger :/

Oh In n Out, what a guilty pleasure.
Whenever we are on the west coast we make sure to stop at an in n out.
The burgers are great, with the special sauce "animal style" it is a culinary treat.
Also good is having the fries, animal style with grilled onions and cheese.
The only downside is this is off the strip with no means to walk there, requiring a cab ride.

"east coast till the day I die"...but In-N-Out Burger was EVERYTHING.
During my stay in Las Vegas I had to go visit the famous fast food restaurant In-N-Out Burger.
Wow!
Menu - Simple and easy to pick!
Service - Great!
Food - Delicious.
Good juicy burger!
( less salt on the fries - please.
)   A must eat in Las Vegas!

I ate at what felt like 100 fancy pants places while staying in Vegas for 6 days.
Somehow, we ended up at In and Out every night!
We even headed straight here after leaving a Sushi Bar.
After a night of boozing, we had the driver take us here to soak up all the alcohol the Venetian gave us.
In and Out is exactly what the name says.
They've got fast service, great food, and the staff is all smiles.
You'll be in and out in no time!
I always get a Double Double Animal Style.
(This is part of the not-so "secret" menu.
) If I'm really drunk, I'll get my fries this way too along with a "grilled cheese".
I love the sauce.
It's just amazing!
GO!
What are you waiting for?

I will miss those amazing animal fries.
This place is awesome.
Just try it and enjoy if your a burger person.

Just because it doesn't have meat, doesn't mean it's a "veggie burger".
Lettuce (and onion, upon request) on a bun doesn't make it a burger.
It's quite the sham.
The fries and shakes may be good, but disappointing overall to anyone who cares about what they eat.

Hands down, the best fast food burger.
In my opinion, better than Shake Shack and worlds better than Five Guys.
We came here on a Sunday at about 11 a.m.
I totally understand why the line was almost out the door.
I got the double animal style and an order of fries.
Unfortunately, I did not order the fries well done.
The fries were bland and not crispy enough.
French fries are very important to me, so I knocked off a star.
Alright west coasters - you win this one.
I get the hype.

I enjoy how simple the burgers are even the animal style ones.
The prices are reasonable since they can certainly make them more expensive and I think people would still buy them regardless.
As far as busy they are, don't let the line wrapped around the building scare you- it moves quickly.

Good and cheap!
Got the double double, the meat was grilled perfectly, but I still prefer Shake Shack.

Normally I'm very pleased with In-N-Out Burger when I go there.
But I went to this particular one around 2pm.
I went through the drive up and there was a line but it moved fast.
The workers were very kind and pleasant which is not my complaint.
My burger on the other hand was burnt to a crisp, there was half a head of lettuce and so much onion on it that I could barely tell there was a burger on the bun at all.
The bun was stale and dry and the bottom bun was broken in half which made the whole sandwich fall apart when I tried to eat it...I was so disappointed I just threw it all away.
I would have gone back and demanded a different one but I had already made it home and wasn't going to drive all the way back for a $4.00 sandwich.
I don't think I'll be going back to that particular location, the one on Eastern always gives me a great cheeseburger...

Amazing service.
Love the employees.
And who doesn't love In N Out?
I recommend this location!

I don't know if I had higher expectations but I wasn't impressed with the food.
It's just a regular burger and fries.
I had them both animal style and it was SOO heavy in sauce.
Maybe it was the way it was made this time.
Normally when I have inn n out in Cali, I can't help but go mm mm with every bite.
This time it just didn't hit me the same way.
The fries were stale and the grilled onions or whatever they put on it was overcooked so it had a weird taste.
The chocolate shake was like chocolate cream.
This location is very busy and the lines can get long.
Remember, this is close to the strip and some people have NEVER had it before so they don't know how or what to order despite the simple meal 1, 2, or 3 menu right above the cashiers.

I don't get the hype of this place.
Maybe it's a west coast thing but the burgers were small, thin, and bland and the special sauce was whack.
Cookout is greater than In-N-Out burger.

love the cheeseburger protein style and their fries are light.
A friend pointed out at the cup's bottom is printed John 3:15 probably explains their popularity, successfulness and most importantly, great customer service.

Diese Kette ist seit 20 Jahren mein absoluter Favorit in Sachen Fast Food.
Frher msste man noch suchen oder auch weit fahren, um zu einer Filiale zu gelangen, mittlerweile werden es aber immer mehr.
Leckere Burger und Pommes, Getrnke unendlich, nettes Personal und es geht immer superschnell.
Zudem schne Logo T-Shirts (super Qualitt).
Der Preis frs Essen ist kaum zu schlagen.
Fr mich die beste Option fr den Lunch.

Busy but clean love this one at night it really fits in with the Vegas theme.
Staff friendly just the usual In & Out business style they got it dialed in.

The famous In and Out Burger!
This is a must stop establishment when in Las Vegas  remember to "animal" your fries  This in and out burger joint is always busy.
The line ups are crazy but the staff are great and keep everyone moving threw the lineups fast

Cheeseburgers make the world a better place..
Growing up in Southern Cali, cheeseburgers are the first thing your parent fed you when you get your first tooth.
Either In & Out, Tommy's or Fatburgers!
So I cant find any reason or thing bad about them.
Always animal style, a good friend of mine always ordered a 4x4 or 6x6 animal style when we were still in high school.
Wish we could still eat like that!
Hahaha, we used to order animal style burgers and fries combo "beast"

Double-Double Animal Style, with chopped chiles?
Yes please!
Honestly, as a local, this location sucks due to too many tourists and the long wait.
But, that's to be expected as well.

This is a must find place to go when you're in Las Vegas.
Can be challenging to get to this location from the strip.
You need to get to Excalibur and walk down the sidewalk on the south side of Tropicana Blvd across I15.
Only will take you 10 minutes and worth the walk.
Another approach is take the 201 bus from the north side of Tropicana Blvd just south of New York New York.

Service is always fast and friendly.
I always get the double double animal style, fries and a drink, sometimes I'll get their shake which is also really good.
I would choose In n Out Burger over McDonalds any day for service, food and price!

Let me just start with the food is worth the wait.
Don't ever doubt it,  Fresh hamburgers, fresh cut real potatoes, and real shakes, you can taste the difference, the prices are very reasonable.
It's become a tradition to come every time I pick my sad up from the airport, twice a year.
Love the eat in your car matts, hell yes!
Who has time to wait to get home and have cold food?!
Secret menu items.
Grilled cheese.
Veggies burger.
Lettuce wrapped burgers.
Animal style fries and burgers.
Neapolitan shakes.
I could go on but those are the ones I've personally tried.
The customer service here rocks.
The guys who do drive through bust me up.
I always ask for grilled onions on the side or extra sauce on the side.
Good sense of humor and young guys, equal funny remarks.
They have asked for our number and said we looked pretty.. Oh yeah me feel good, especially when I know I'm getting older and usually look like crap.
They work hard for those tips haha.

I think what I liked most about this In-N-Out location was the party in the parking lot.
A constant stream of taxis disgorge all elements of the Vegas experience, pre-, during-, and post-party.
Here we are at 7pm getting a snack before our night begins, and these lovely sparkly hoochies are closing down their 36-hour night with some food before they sleep the sleep of the damned.
It's all good.

This was my second visit to an In-N-Out Burger.
I really liked the Double-Double burger.
The sauce is really good.
I found the menu almost too simple, but I was happy with the prices.
The staff was kind and my food was somewhat prompt.
The facility was disgusting, though.
The floors had trash and dirt and black shoe prints all over the store.
The drink area was sticky and wet.
On a positive note, I did get to see one of the first UFC female fighters having a burger there after her fight.
She was not in good condition, but she seemed happy to be feasting on an In-N-Out burger.

In-N-Out is really the only fast food burger worth eating.
Like all the other locations, this one serves up the same fresh food and great service.
Located right of the I-15, this location is probably the closest for anyone staying on the Strip.
There isn't much variety here so my order usually looks the same: double-double animals styles with a lemonade.
Being so close to the Strip also means this place is always packed.
After midnight you will see a flurry of taxi's clogging up the drive-thru and a line up to the door for dine-in.
Thus this location usually takes a little longer than the other ones; something to keep in mind if you are on a time crunch.
Tip: they have a shop right next door you can purchase In-N-Out gear from.

I'm sort of embarrassed to admit, but this was my first In-N-Out experience!
First of many.
Growing up on the east coast, I frequented Five Guys and until this experience, had been too stubborn to try In-N-Out.
"Watch and learn," Stacey said as she spouted off the order.
She's a pro.
2x2 Animal Style, Animal Style fries, drink substituted with a Neapolitan shake.
The food was great for the price point.
I still prefer a Five Guys burger, but the Animal Style fries, and Neapolitan shake were fantastic!

I don't even eat fast food, yet I crave In-N-Out.
On our recent trip to LA we asked the cab drivers to stop here both on the way to our hotel, and back to the airport.
Unlike a lot of people I talk to, I am not really a fan of their animal style.
Just a good ole double double and fries.
Their service is always top notch and the burgers are just so good it makes me a little happy they aren't in Chicago because I wouldn't be able to avoid eating here all the time.

Super busy, but super good, what else can I say?
It's In-N-Out.
Just need more seats outside and inside, but that's nothing new.

As far as a fast food burger goes, this is one of the best.
I live on the east coast so the first time I ate at In N Out I didn't know about the not so secret menu,  but thanks to Yelpers next time it was animal style !

Really can life be this perfect?
The only wish, was it was healthy as well.
Great burgers, fries this time tasted a bit odd ( thus the four stars).
Out the door for like $5.00!!!
What... Why can't they be on the east coast?

It's kind of embarrassing to come all the way to Vegas (from San Diego) to eat In-N-Out.
We wanted a cheap first night so we can be a bit more splurg-y the rest of the weekend, so IN-N-Out it was.
Apparently a lot of other people thought the same because there was a decent amount of people here at 4pm in the afternoon (too early for dinner).
Luckily with my too close for comfort stalking skills, I was able to snag a table for me and my group just as someone was about to leave.
As in I stared them down while they hurriedly clean their table for me :)  The cheeseburger I got was pretty standard.
Good as always.
Cooked well, bread a tad crispy on the edges, fresh tomatoes and lettuce and just enough sauce to flavor it.
Fries were good.
I loaded them with black pepper and they were good to eat!
(that's an understatement if you know how much black pepper I actually eat).
And I got my usual half pink lemonade/half sprite mix.
Overall, it was a good first meal of the trip even though the BF literally lives down the street from one in SD.
Oh, and try the cheeseburger with the chili peppers.
It gives it really good flavor and spice kick!
Be careful of the seeds though (and I tell you this from experience).

I just ate here last weekend, it was our first trip to Las Vegas and after  a night of checking out the Strip and having a few drinks we needed a place to decompress and grab a quick late-night meal.
A local friend of ours suggested this place and wow, was he right on the money- you can't beat it after a night on the town.Loud, bright and crowded even at midnight, the food is fast, cheap and good.
Our friend suggested a cheeseburger and fries "Animal Style"- I don't know what is  in that  Sauce but it tasted wonderful.
Everything was fresh and just so damn delicious,  I  can't shut up about this place!
You need to go there!

In-N-Out Burger: Delusions of Grandeur.
If I was given the option to live off of one food for the rest of my life, it would probably be a cheeseburger.
It's the one and only food I feel justified reviewing.
So let me tell you this: If Shake Shack and McDonalds had a baby, it would be named In-N-Out.
There's a lot of hype surrounding this place, but not quite enough taste to back it up.
Don't get me wrong, it's good...REALLY good for the price...but it's not in the same conversation as Shake Shack or Five Guys.
It's just too "fast foody", if you will.
If you're visiting the West Coast: GET IT.
Get the double-double with Animal Style fries.
But don't set your expectations too high, as you will probably be disappointed.
P.S.
The best burger I had in Vegas was one from Wolfgang Puck's bar and grill at the MGM Grand...if you're nearby for lunch or dinner and you're a burger aficionado, it's a must have.

I don't know if I'm just crazy, hungry, or cheap but are the cheeseburgers here cheaper than in California??
Anyway, one was $2.25 and I was definitely pleased with the price.
Though I can't exactly say I was full, I did eat half of my sister's fries to compensate for it.
My friends and I wanted a cheap meal before we went all out splurgy on the buffets and it definitely hit the spot.

This place has horrible customer service.
we were on line and I was told the grill was turned off.
The manager Yvette ya shoreline customer service skill.
Super disappointedly

Im very picky with my burger condiments...
I dont like Mayo/thousand island based sauces and not a big fan of mustard+ketchup on my burger.
BBQ sauce and A1 are usually the only ones I'll use on a burger but most places use nasty cheap bbq sauce and dont offer A1.
So at many places I'll have my burger "plain" with no sauce which I believe has given me a ton of experience of what places are serving legit burgers that dont taste dry and flavorless without  sauce smeared on it... And In N Out is king at that regards.
Their patties are made so juicy and flavorful you can easily eat it without their spread.
I dont like their fries but the burgers are so good and at such a good price I dont mark down my rating for that.
Also their shakes are some of the most affordable I've seen.
And lol at all the haters from the east coast who obviously had their mind made up that In N Out cannot possibly be better than their local favorites before trying them.
As a burger fan Ive tried countless places including favorites from other regions without like shake-shack and Five Guys that I enjoy and visit too.
Is In N Out my absolute favorite burger?
No but its one I keep coming back to the most for their convenience and unparalleled bang for buck ratio.

Do I need to even post this review?
I don't always eat fast food, but when I do, I prefer a Double Double with no onions.

I love in n out...love!
This isn't my normal location but I was in the area and had a craving.
I placed my order with the gentleman standing in the drive through.
I repeated it 3 times because I said no onions and he repeated the order back wrong each time.
Sure enough when I got the order..SUPRISE.Onions!
Just by picking them off I had to was my hands several times.
I finally sprayed some Axe body spray from my gym bag so I didn't smell up my office.
I'm not sure why you can't order through the call box but the more people your order goes through the easier it is to mess it up.

OK guys.
The food is above average but this is still just a fast food place.
The burgers and fries off a limited menu are a step or 2 above MacDonald's or Burger king but its not heaven.
Burgers are a bit dry.
And fries can get softy.
For a quick fast meal it's fine.
But to fly here and stop here before you guys go to your hotel?
No way

Went late night on a weekend, it was packed with kids who had been out clubbing, cab drivers coming off of their shift, some various locals and a handful of (like me) tourists.
It could have been cleaner and it could have been faster, but who's really complaining?
Burger, fries and a milkshake at In-N-Out Burger...it should be part of everyone's Las Vegas adventure.

in&out is the bomb.
i've been going since i was little but what bothers me is a super long wait.
i understand at lunch time or even during dinner but at 10 or 11 at night.
let get these burgers flying!!
i waited over 10 mins just to order.
then another 10-15 to get my food, and this is in the drive thru.
my food was great but i could have been home making something in that time.
i supposed waiting is one of my biggest pet peeves when it comes to dining.
if i want to get my drinks more that 15 mins, there is something wrong or im not in the right place.

We don't have In n Out on the east coast so this place is definitely a stop while in Vegas.
Usually just get a 3x3 animal style, fries, and a strawberry shake.
It's heaven.
I also like the location on Maryland near UNLV...it's a little more calmer than this one.

Omg is this heaven !!!
I Love In & Out !!
It's cheap & delicious !
I wish we had one back in Colorado :( !!
Every time we go to Vegas this is always our first stop.
I like ordering the Double - Double & Well Done fries Animal style !
Once your taste buds taste the food you will be craving more & more !!
Their milkshakes are amazing too !
So if you're in Vegas stop around, In & Out its worth it !

Everyone told us we had to go here so we tried it.
The place was packed but the service was pretty good.
The smell of grease was pretty strong so we decided to eat outside.
The burgers were very tasty and the French fries were great.
Least expensive meal we had all week.

I love this place.
I really cant see a downside.

I had heard from others this place was not as good as the hype but to go for the experience.
We don't have In-N-Out Burger here on the east coast, so when in Las Vegas, we figured we had to go.
There is no good way to get there if you are on the strip.
Even though it is down the street from the strip, you pretty much have to take a cab.
Sadly the cab ride is more expensive then the food itself.
But I guess that is part of the experience.
When we got there the line was literally out the door.
This scared us, but the line did move pretty fast.
My husband ordered the double double animal style, I ordered the cheeseburger meal with fries and a drink.
I did not get animal style as I wasn't sure if I would like the sauce or not.
I should have gotten cheese fries, but I didn't.
While my husband was waiting to get our order, I searched and searched for a seat.
Finally I was able to grab a seat in the corner.
When my husband brought our food to the table, it looked good.
I am glad I got the cheeseburger and not the double double, as it was just enough for me.
The bun was fresh and soft and slightly warm, the burger was extremely juicy, and the special sauce complimented the burger nicely.
The burger also had a good amount of lettuce and tomatoes on it.
The abundance of fries was just right.
My husband's double double animal style was double meat, double cheese, lettuce, tomato, onions and pickles.
He too was very pleased with this meal.
In-N-Out is known for all fresh ingredients, never frozen.
I have to say I enjoyed it and thought it was much better than a five guys.
Since everyone is pretty much taking a cab to get to In-N-Out, it is pretty easy to get a cab back.
I wish they had In-N-Out burger here on the east coast!

I love there hamburgers they are the best.
I cant wait to go back

They never fail me!
Great burgers and fries, super fresh and quality ingredients.
Staff is always pleasant!
Brought friends who had never had it before, needless to say they visited again before ending the 4 day trip.

The food is good like you'd expect from In-N-Out.
The staff at this location is incompetent usually forgetting to put napkins or forks with the order.

Fresh ingredients (you can taste it and see it) and made to order  Price is cheaper than other fast food  For less than $4.50, I got a double double + Fries (enough to be stuffed from)  Always get the Animal Style with your burger- you won't regret it.

Took field trip from the convention I was attending and cabbed it to In - n - Out.
Worth the trip and my co-worker turned me on to the secret menu.
So good.
So worth the ride.
Try the mustard grilled for your patties.
Animal style?
Yup, love it.

Yes, we all know that In-N-Out is a fast food chain.
Just like McDonald's or Burger King.
They just redefine what it's like to be a fast food chain.
Yes, a fast food chain doesn't have to be bad in quality.
It's an eye-opening moment you feel on the first bite at this family owned west coast chain.
Quality is good, pricing is right, not-so-secret custom menus are fun, anything about this burger joint is awesome, except one thing - they are SUPER BUSY all the time, which almost disqualifies this place as a fast food destination.
But I wouldn't blame them for doing the right thing and its natural consequences.

Have to try it once.
Animal style fries is the way to go.
Everytime I go there

Fresh baked bun + tasty beef + fries made from whole potatoes = BLISS  I salivated when I watched the dude toss the enormous potatoes into the cutter.
Insanely delicious fries and not greasy.
The double cheeseburger puts mcdonalds, and almost every other burger joint, to shame.
I'm a lover of this place.
No half pounders here so order the DOUBLE fo shizzle!

THE LEGENDS ARE TRUE.
Sometimes you worry that a place will never live up to the hype.
Like Slumdog Millionaire.
Well, you don't have to worry about that with In-N-Out Burger, because it is what all fast food establishments need to strive for.
It is the best of the best.
Clean restaurant, incredibly good service and staff, and most importantly the best fast food you'll ever find.
There isn't much I can say that is negative about In-N-Out.
I guess the only thing is that it's ALWAYS BUSY.
But the line moves really fast, and that's because the service is really good here.
Having a smiling happy and friendly staff goes a long way.
I just feel like your entire experience could change if you saw a long line and a bunch of miserable employees serving them.
I didn't see that, and I appreciated it.
I even asked for a bumper sticker (and felt bad asking given the rush inside), and the employee never gave me a single notion that he was annoyed about this special request.
He went to the back room and grabbed me two of them without thinking twice about it.
Double double animal style, animal fries, neo shake.
That's how I roll.
The neopolitan shake is so thick that the flavors don't become one odd flavor, you get different flavors in every sip.
The burgers are nice and juicy and everything just works together really well.
I find fries boring, but not when they're covered in grilled onions and "spread".
We made a point to eat here twice in a 3 day span.
I rarely eat fast food, but just couldn't help myself.
This particular location IS walkable from the south end of the strip.
Coming from the Trop, it took about 15 minutes.
It's a little tricky to figure out, but google "walking to in-n-out vegas" or something like that, and you will find detailed instructions.

Anthony Bourdain claims whenever he's in a city with an In-n-Out Burger it's the first place he stops after arriving and the last place he stops before leaving.
That said a LOT!
We couldn't believe how packed it was at 3PM.
Further disbelief came from how quickly we got to order, even though I bet there was 50 people ahead of us in line.
We also were blown away by how quickly we received our order.
The seating is limited, but the 2 times we were there people were kind enough to budge up to free 2 seats for us, even if it meant a few parties had to mingle.
All part of the fun!
And did it live up to its hype?
Yeesh!
We were instant fans!
One nice thing about a simple menu is that a place gets really good at doing things right.
We even saw them chopping up potatoes for their fries, right there at the restaurant!
No bags of frozen spuds!
Restaurant was clean, service was cheerful and efficient, food was Uh-MAZING, and the prices were so low......it's now the first place we stop after arriving in town and the last place we stop before leaving!
P.S.
If you're the tourist type (when in Rome!
) visit the gift shop next door.
Every t-shirt has something special in it.
The tee I got has a roadster with the members of ZZ Top in it rolling through an In-N-Out Burger drive thru.
Rob's tee has the original owners in his  drive thru.
Kinda cool!

This location of In N Out is definitely the mack daddy of them all in my experience.
The wife and I have been here too many times to count it seems.
It's always busy and I mean always busy, no matter the time of day.
The only exception that I have seen is Thanksgiving day, because they are closed.
Don't worry, I got over it and went the next day.
The wife is on a no meat kick, so she tried their grilled cheese.
Basically it's a no meat burger prepared how you like with your favorite toppings.
She also got a side of fries.
I get my usual 2 double doubles animal style hold the tomato and lettuce.
Don't get me wrong, I like lettuce and tomato, they just get in the way and make things messy.
So no lettuce and tomato means problem solved.
And the customary neopolitan shake was my drink to wash down my burger goodness.
It was a great way to end another great day in Las Vegas.

"A 5 star fast food hamburger joint?
" Yes.
"Named 'In-N-Out?
'" Yes.
Insert copulatory motion joke here, if you must, but In-N-Out is more than just another euphemism for "the motion of the ocean.
"  It's the best damn hamburger joint on the West Coast.
Period.
End of sentence.
The "double-double animal style" with extra mayo and fresh cut fries cost under $6 and yet are a better meal in my mind than meals I've had in LV for 20 times the price.
The fries are hot and crisp, but not hard.
They are flaky and steamy starchy salty sticks sent from a loving New Testament kind of God.
The "double-double animal style" burger means it has "hand-leafed lettuce, tomato, [two] mustard cooked beef patt[ies]; add pickle, extra spread with grilled onions.
" [http://www.in-n-out.com/menu/not-so-secret-menu.aspx]  Now, that's a nice sized burger.
I'm 6'1" and 205 and I left some behind.
Not because I wanted to.
Kids: listen to Unca Paul on this one.
In-N-Out has a funny name and serious food.
Not to be missed.

This place was super busy when we went there, but they seemed to be getting through the line really fast.
Unfortunately, it took me 10-15 minutes to get my food even though all I ordered was a cheeseburger with no onions and animal style fries with no onions.
People that ordered way after me that had huge complicated orders received their food before I did.
So I was kind of put off by that right away.
Once I received my food (15 minutes after my friends had already gotten theirs), it was okay.
I liked that all the ingredients were fresh, but I wasn't that impressed.
It definitely did not live up to the high expectations people make this burger chain out to be.

expect to wait in long lines and fight for a table inside or out.
This place is popular and hyped for a reason...
It's just good.
stepping off the plane, my friend and I wanted our very first stop to be In-N-Out, so we took a taxi there...yep, WITH our luggage...and found a table near probably the only outlet in the place, where the workers kept coming by asking if we were fine... not even giving us any sort of fuss about charging our phones and waiting for our third person to arrive two hours later.
*quick shout out to worker Ed for making us laugh with stories about how much Spirit Airlines sucks*  So the food:  I did a little research and found out about the secret menu and ordered the Double Double - Animal Syle combo.
This was fast food but it was so different from McDonald's or Burger King.
The beef tasted fresher and the animal style hint of mustard plus the secret sauce really made it stand out.
No matter what time you go, there's always a line but the employees (there's like 40 people back there) are quick and organized.
I really respect that the chain doesn't expand towards the east coast.
It gives tourists something to look forward to when they arrive.

Always a great place!
Cheap food too!
Everybody should try animal style burgers or fries!

Wait time wasn't long and food was great!
Give me a double double with animal fries!

Best burgers on the planet.
No other chain stands a chance.
This family owned, never franchised business is not something and other company will ever conquer

What can I say about In N Out, other than I am a fan!
This particular location is very busy due to all of the tourists.
Next door they have a little gift shop for souvenirs.
I haven't been inside the souvenir shop so I can't comment.
Tons of people in the drive through but it went relatively fast.
Employees I dealt with were extremely pleasant like all of the locations I have visited.
Two thumbs up!

This location has the distinct advantage of being within walking distance from where ever I stay in Vegas.
Totally worth the possibility of passing out from ridiculous 135 fahrenheit temps that make Vegas, Vegas.
I love In-N-Out...
They have my favorite burger of all the burgers I've had...
Originally being from southern California, I may be biased about it, but Double-Doubles are so amazing... And I eat a lot of burgers in a lot of places.
The sweetness of the sauce compliments the saltiness of the patties, contrasts the mildness of the cheese, compliments the crispness of the lettuce/tomato, contrasts the chewiness of the buns...
The fries are great too.
Not overly crisp, not soggy, lightly salted, fried in vegetable oil, and cut to order.
They just stick to what they know and what the do well.
Not over complicating the menus and keeping it simple.
(even the "secret menu")  (Yup... Im copy/pasting all my reviews for In-N-Out...
I've yet to have a negative experience at one...)

It's the best fast-food burger on the planet and one of the best burgers period.
It was the first place I hit up after getting off the plane.
The line was long but the employees kept it moving and the wait was only a few minutes.
If you've been to one, you already know how good it is; if you haven't, you need to go.

I want to give BIG kudos to Corey C. He was great!
Everything was perfect, down to my lettuce request.
Unlike the other young lady who argued with me for 5 mins about a cup for hot water.
She said they didn't have cups for "HOT" water, but had cups for coffee.
REALLY!?
I requested to speak with a manager, she tells him the problem and he looks at her and says, "Give her a cup.
"  Good call to the manager.
Do they not teach customer service anymore to the young people?

In-N-Out is always my first meal off the plane when traveling west, and it is always worth the stop.
For this trip flying into Vegas, it was also my last meal before flying back.
Nothing out of the ordinary because it is always so good: a double double well done with fried and a chocolate shake.
Next month I'll be back on another trip and look forward to eating here again.
Consistently good food is worth repeated visits.

Being from WA, I would always have friends who travel to this area often recommend this place.
You can't beat cheap, good eats, right!?
So of course, my last visit to Vegas we came here.
Needless to say, the burger was pretty good!
Personally, I wasn't the biggest fan of the fries (my preference is still Dick's fries up in Seattle!
) but I would certainly come here again when I'm in the area!

Love, Love their burgers, fresh fries are awesome and the yellow peppers... My mouth is watering just writing this.

why 5 stars for a chain fast food place?
because they do it well here!
they are trained!
I guess because they are used to the normal vegas traffic they are REALLY efficient, line is long as hell but moves fast as hell as well!
food comes out very quick and accurate!
what else could you ask for?!
great place to get some food before you hit the road to head home, lots of parking as well  sidenote: they even have a store on the side for in and out merchandise if you're into that kind of stuff

I've eaten at this place many times.
Because it's so close to the Las Vegas strip this location is always packed.
It doesn't matter if you're going inside or using the drive through plan on a wait.
Also keep in mind that this isn't the best of neighborhoods.

It is personal policy that whenever I am on the West Coast I have to search for nearby In-n-out burger joints.
If you have never been, there is a reason why they are always packed.
With a focus on quality, this is the best fast food chain in the United States.
You have to know going in that there will always be a line and parking lot craziness.
With that said it is well worth it.
If you're up for it, get the fries "Animal Style," which adds grilled diced onions, cheese and a "special sauce" resembling thousand island of sorts.
You might as well get that Doubledouble...
This particular location is just off the Strip in Vegas, really close to the New York casino.
It is a bit of a pain to get there by foot but a lot of folks do it.
Short cab ride also an option.

The busiest in-n-out you'll ever go to.
Expect about a 23 minute wait for food.
The burgers are great and the shakes are good.
I've never liked their fries.
Also sick value.

Yummy, I finally got to try the legendary In-N-Out burger.
There are very few things that are dearest to my heart then a big, juicy, delicious cheeseburger (and some fries!
And a milkshake!
), so upon arrival to the Vegas strip, I was practically salivating by the time some coworkers suggested we try it for a late lunch.
We hopped into a cab, and needless to say, the place was packed, even though it was a bit after a typical lunch hour.
Two of us ordered the food, while we had another guy scrounge around for a table.
It is not large inside, and every table was packed, there was barely even standing room.
I ordered the "protein" double: two thin, juicy, crisp-on-the-edges burger patties, smooshed together with melty delicious cheese and some magically simple sauce that was just so good.
It was wrapped in lettuce, and I crushed that thing in about one minute (I could easily have eaten two if it were not for the thought of having to wait again in the crazy long line).
A coworker mentioned that the fries were not anything special, and I nibbled on several of the little shoestring potatoes but had to agree (I really, really could've just gone for a second protein burger, it was soooo tasty).
I also ordered one of their famous Neapolitan milkshakes: almost thick enough to need to be eaten with a spoon versus a straw, and with that perfectly blended, strawberry/vanilla/chocolatey flavor.
It absolutely hit the spot on that scorching day with my protein burger.
My two coworkers gobbled down there two burgers a piece with gusto (they were smarter than me!
), and both agreed with me that the burgers were some of the best we have had.
But - but - BUT: I know I could seriously almost get murdered for saying this, but I am definitely more in the Five Guys fan club.
I OBSESS over Five Guy's Cajun fries.
And while I prefer the gooey, crispy texture of In-N-Out's burgers, Five Guys has all those additional toppings for free and they make a pretty mean burger too.
Of course, however, if I'm ever lucky enough  to eat at INO again, I would definitely be smart and order dos protein burgers.
And, both burger chains have about the same prices, and the same exceedingly friendly employees.

Who doesn't like the classic, all-American burger with fries and a milkshake?
In-N-Out has to be my favorite and i've tried Shake Shack in NYC, other burger places in Cali and many other in between and I seem to come back to In-N-Out!
My typical order would be #3 with NO onions.
It is just a classic hamburger with fries and a drink on the side.
You can substitute your pop for a milkshake of your choice!
Might I add that the milkshake is SOOO creamy and SUPER delicious!
Some days i'll substitute my usual iced-tea for a vanilla shake.
and all for about $10!
What is fun about this place is that they have a secret menu.
You can search online and see what they have to surprise you with!
I usually just stick with the classic.
I do however like the animal style fries.
It is their secret sauce on top of regular french fries!
If you have not experienced In-N-Out yet, you should check it out and see for yourself!
It is definitely one of my guilty pleasures!

Not sure what the love affair is, but people say that to me about Chicfila, so....
I do like it when I eat here, but just never do.
Fries are great, you can tell the buns are quality.
Otherwise, it is a fast food burger joint.

What can you say about a fresh double double.
I personally would rather have a double double than a lot of other burger joints because they are the standard of how a burger should be made.
Living in California we have been blessed by having this restaurant by our house for years and will continue to visit them on a regular basis for their delicious burgers.

Hit it at rush hour but the wait want that bad!
This was our first time to here and we were both impressed.
Definetly better than the place with the arches!
Now I'm going to have to keep an eye out for this chain as we travel.

This is always the last stop I make before heading out of Vegas.
Drive buy grab a burger fries and a drink and head straight back to LA.
Keeps you up and is a great hangover cure to get you back to LA.

It saddens me to the core that they don't open until 10:30am.
So, so not Vegas of them.
Weak.
I need beef

I always wondered what's so awesome with In And Out..
Finally here on the other side of the country!
Certainly, hopping and lively..
The menu isn't that long and apparently there's some sort of secret menu that I couldn't quite understand.
It's fast food, so what's the deal?
My coworker said this ain't fast food; but I beg to differ!
I ordered a hamburg and fries.
It's suppose to be cooked to order so which explained why it took some time for our order to be ready.
My first impression from the first bite - wow, this bun is soft and moist!
Second bite - yes, this bun is amazing.
Third bite - the best fast food bun ever!

Being from east coast i had never eaten at in and out.
Someone told me it was the best fast food ever!
I don't see it.
No variety nothing on menu except burgers fries sodas and milk shakes.
The burger was good the fries were standard fries and the shake was not good very foamy.

The burgers were nice and fresh and the fries were salty but not too salty and you can taste the potato.
Overall it is a great place to sit down with some friends and eat a burger.

This is the most ill-kept in-n-out ever.
The store is always really dirty with napkins on the floor and food remnants on all the tables.
It take forever to get food and the line for drive through is just as bad.
Gross.

Wow!!!
Some of the best fast food burger I have ever had in terms of freshness.
From the bun all the way to the fries I could tell they were never frozen/ baked the previous day.
I ordered the #2 meal which came with a cheeseburger, fries and a drink.
The burger I ordered animal style, but not the fries.
It tasted great with the extra sauce and added lettuce, tomatoes and pickles.
The fries were very fresh and I wish I had them animal style too.
I was happy to see that they give you a small salt packet to put on your fries to see how salty you want them yourself.
I had never seen a fast food restaurant so busy.
The lines moved fast and there were always a steady line of people coming and going.
They even had taxis stopping by there to drop off and pick up waiting customers.
Great location not too far the Las Vegas strip and the people working there had a great attitude about working there.
They really knew how to keep the place moving.
If I'm in the area again I know where to stop for my next burger meal.

My favorite burgers by far.
Good simple burgers no more, no less.
And more is not needed.
My favorite is a classic hamburger with an extra toasted buns with fresh onions.
You can get grilled onions, protein style (no buns), animal style, and many other different styles but for me, a classic burger is perfect.
The fries are fresh cut and cooked to perfection.
You can get them well done or light well too!
If you want something a little more meaty you can go for a double double, 3 x 3, or 4 x 4.
Any way you go, you won't go wrong here!

Visited this location many times over the years and have always left a happy customer.
I would think twice about coming here on the weekend, but week days this place is solid gold.
The only thing I would change is the hours they are open, I would it it any time of the day of they stayed open.

I did manage to come back to this In-n-Out Burger a few weeks later when in Vegas for a work conference.
The food was just as good as usual, so nothing new to report there.
Some information for those who may be staying in a hotel on the Strip without a car, as I was this time, and are wondering about walking to In-n-Out, as I did.
It is doable as long as you take the right approach.
If you are coming from Las Vegas Boulevard (the Strip) and want to walk down Tropicana Avenue over top of the I-5 freeway, you must stay on the south side of Tropicana Avenue.
That is the side with the Excalibar Hotel as opposed to the north side with the New York New York Hotel (and Casino, but that is superfluous in any Vegas hotel name).
When you get to the street across from In-n-Out, you cannot cross Tropicana immediately but must cross Dean Martin Boulevard, then Tropicana, then Dean Martin again.
The direct route has no crossing signal.
Why did you have to stay on the south side of Tropicana when In-N-Out is on the north side?
You will come to a spot without sidewalks, and in that traffic you do not wish to take your life into your hands.
The good news about the walk?
The food is worth the trip,and you can feel virtuous enough from exercising - hey, you burn calories in the 100 degree heat - that you can add a milkshake without guilt.

Crap.
I accidentally wrote the previous review for the wrong in-n-out.
This one in Vegas is likely the best in the country.
It's fast, clean, efficient and of course there are really friendly employees, as it's in-n-out.
I've been here dozens of times and always get everything perfect.

Another In-N-Out with delicious fast food burger and fries.
It's located very close to the strip, so expect this place to be busier then other locations.
The food is same as other in-n-outs, but if you are really craving an In-n-Out burger, you might have to wait 15-30 minutes.

I'm glad I finally tried this place out, but I don't get the hype.
Definitely impressed at their efficiency and friendliness, but their food - not so much.
I got the cheeseburger combo with animal style fries and a strawberry shake.
The cheeseburger was like a cheeseburger, but gotta give props to the really fresh lettuce and tomato that they used.
The fries were like limp strings of potato with absolutely no crispiness to it.
The animal style sauce was - salad dressing?
And the strawberry shake was decent, but it would get warm so quickly even in the restaurant that I would have to go through some gross warm shake before I got to the good stuff.
The food is so so so heavy though that I passed out when I got back to the hotel and probably gained a couple pounds.
But hey!
It's worth it for the experience.

Always an excellent choice!
They never fail to offer superb standards of guest service and the food is always fresh and delicious!
I love the animal style fries and cheeseburgers and they're amazing shakes!

I always love a double double, or anything else at In-N-Out, but this location is pretty gross.
It was all I could do to finish my food with all the flies buzzing around.

Who doesnt love in and out!
This one is just as good as the others in regards to the quality but the only knock is the crazy long lines and the stupid hot vegas air hahah But this in and out is very good!
As expected!

This is how I like my In-N-Out Burger: 3x2, 3 patties and 2 cheese with grilled onions, well done buns and a side of fresh cut fries that's well, well done.
Granted I came during EDC weekend so the lines were almost out the door, I was impressed with their speed at serving the 50 orders that were in front of me.
I've been told this location is "the best" on the west coast.
I can't comment much on that statement since I've only been to the one in Dallas.
I'd say they're about the same in taste - which was so yummy I went back the next day.

It's always busy here for good reason but don't let the long lines scare you because it actually moves pretty quick!
The food here is amazing as always but the efficient staff makes it 5 stars

The first meal we had after landing in LV and getting our rental car.
We all know about the great burgers...
But this location has awesome service.
The guy who took our order was friendly and funny.
And while we were eating the cook and the guy who took our order came around to ask how everything was and if they could do anything else for us...even cleared our table for us.
It was a great first stop on our vacation!

Had In N Out in Vegas this past weekend.
First time having in n out in Vegas.
As always the customer service was incredible.
I ordered a #2 animal style on the burger and fries.
Everything was so quick and order was 100% right.
Restaurant was really clean and everyone was really friendly.
Will definitely go back soon!
-Joe

