The spa itself is not great.
The bath is in the same room with the showers and it's just not uber relaxing.
However, my massage was incredible.
I got a lomi lomi, and the guy who did it was Hawaiian and did a very traditional style massage.
He played some calming Hawaiian music and was kinda cheesy with his Hawaiian anklets, but it was still a rock solid massage.
Also, it's one of the (if not THE) cheapest massage on the strip.
If all you want is a good massage, this is the best one I've had in Vegas thus far.
You can use the money you save on the massage to pay the facilities fee at a nice spa for the baths and such.

The staff at this spa totally makes up for the look of this place.
It is not your ultra top of the line 'looking' place but Belinda ( the manager) and her staff do wonders in-spite of its outdated look .
This woman (Belinda) is gracious, humble and accommodating and her staff follows right in her footsteps.
I had a great back massage here.
It was so good that my friend went back for seconds.
I can't remember the guys name but he had great hands and technique.
I like the feel of confident hands working on me.
NOTE: I am a massage therapist.
They had everything that I needed at my disposal, curling iron, flat iron, blow drier, deodorant, mousse/gel comb and much more.
My favorite was the Green Tea Lotion -WOW!
I love that stuff.
I would love to know where I could buy that for my personal stash.
The relaxation room was nicely decorated and offered tea and beverages along with fresh fruit for consumption.
I want to mention that the music at this place was the best I have heard in a spa.
It was such a wonderful soothing mix each day as I spent 2 to 3 hours in the spa.
I took advantage of their day spa privileges for 4 days during my time there.
Loved the steam room.
It really had one of the nicest eucalyptus spray scents I have experienced since I was in Switzerland.
The sandals that we were given are my favorite of all the spas I have been to.
They offered two types and I loved the clear set.
Great spa shoes!
The prices were very reasonable, actually the best prices I have seen on the Vegas strip to go along with one of the best treatments I have received as well.
I am a pretty hard critic when it comes to spas so I  when I got over my expectation for the ULTRA -POSH decor and realized that this place offered all the same spa necessities as any spa would, I got comfortable and had 4 bliss filled days.
Thank you Belinda for all that you did and do.

A $150 facial here was by far the worst one I've ever had.
The reason I sometimes don't like facials all came true, as the technician spent the whole of the time berating me for not having perfect skin and suggesting "necessary" add-ons.
The most shocking part, was that their signature "Glow Facial" did not even include time with a steam machine or any extractions.
The technician seemed to make it her goal to make me feel awful about my skin, even when I politely reminded her that I was there to relax.
I went with a friend that felt the same way about her experience.
Additionally, the amenities in this spa do not stack up to those in other Strip spas, and the place lacks an aura of grace that leads to a calming ambiance.
Cliffs: Arrived excited, left frustrated and feeling like I'd been ripped off, which is especially bad considering this is a business of relaxation.

