If only I could give this place no stars.
A few friends and I really wanted to stay in Vegas for NYE 2008, and we had already booked New Year's Day and the following days at a much better hotel.
However, being that it was New Year's Eve, and we were trying to book a hotel for that one night during November, we didn't have many AFFORDABLE options.
I stumbled upon the extended stay deluxe website.
Their website was pretty misleading.
It showed a fresh, clean, and decent motel room and the price was right, so we booked it.
It looked and sounded appealing, kitchen with a refridgerator, 2 queen sized beds, and a sofa sleeper...  yea, they had a sofa sleeper alright, but there wasn't even enough room in the suite for it to fold out!
When we get there, its a different story.
A VERY DIFFERENT STORY.
This place is like a temporary home for pimps, hookers, and transients... but I'll get into that later.
We drove to Vegas from San Francisco, CA, so we were hella happy that we were out of the car and that we got to check in a few hours early.
We kick our shoes off, and turns out the carpet was filthy.
I understand, maybe the maid didn't vacuum before we got there, but this looked like it was never vaccuumed... ever.
Let's just say that the bottoms of our socks looked like we had been frolicking in a coal mine.
It was a smoking room, and it didn't have much ventilation, being that the window opened only a crack.
Horrible.
Like I said, we were celebrating New Year's there, and when we were all trying to sleep that night, we could hear people, who sounded like a hooker yelling at her pimp in the next room.
The next morning when we hurriedly moved our stuff out of the room, we saw  what looked like a pimp (purple suit, cane, and matching fedora hat) walking in the hallway and what we could assume was one of his ladies of the night.

I lived in this hole for a month while working in Vegas.
And unlike for some of the guests in this place, for me "working" is not a euphemism for prostitution.
My room was small and bizarrely laid out, which made it difficult to relax in, especially when I had a guest.
I can't imagine staying here with another person., or really trying to get work done in the room.
There was also an unpleasant smell- like some kind of perfume.
I kept looking for an air freshener or some other source of the odor, but didn't see one.
One day my shower handle broke while I was taking a shower and I wasn't able to turn off the water.
Since they had no maintenance staff on site at the time, I had to change rooms- but not before the desk clerk asked some random male guest to come into my room to try to fix the shower.
He brought his beer and chips in with him.
It was a huge pain to move after living there for several weeks, and the room they  moved me to had a screwed up lock.
So sometimes I couldn't get into my room.
There was a mysterious, disgusting substance on my door handle the entire time I stayed there, and the treadmill was broken the entire time as well.
Remember, I was there for a month.
They allow animals, and for a while there was a dog in a room by the elevator that would bark at me while I waited for the elevator.
They clean the rooms once a week, but they missed my cleaning day one week and I had to remind them.
One the plus side, it's a short walk to a Starbucks, a grocery store, and other stuff, and the strip isn't too far away.
And the staff are very nice.
It's not their fault this place is a crap hole.
Don't give the homeless people in the parking lot money or they will keep coming back looking for you.
I don't know what I was thinking.

I stayed here twice when I came to Vegas.
Yes the rooms are cheap and there is not much to them.
They have a bedroom and another room with a kitchen and living area.
Nothing amazing but what do you expect??
The only reason I stayed here both times was because I received a free room voucher because our travel company books Extended Stay properties all over the US, for clients.
I don't think I would pay for this room if I had too.
It is too far from were my wife and I usually stay and some of the people that stay at this place are not all that friendly.
But if you are going to Vegas to party, you wont really be in the room all that much to begin with.
Not bad for free but I would pay and stay elsewhere.
Peace Out, MZ

cheap but a bit dingy and worn and seems to be in a tough area, we don't feel safe here booked on hotwire and got a good rate but there is a $20 up charge for 2 beds or for a king so we slept on the queen bed comfy, but carpet dirty

I see really bad reviews but this place was not bad at all!
My boyfriend and I booked this room from Booking.com at the last min for the ASD show.
Once we arrived they had to upgrade our room THE BIGGEST!
One sadly we didn't need it and we are party animals lol  The only downfall was the pool was not open :(

I had arranged a 3 month stay for work.
I was placed into a 'nicer room' considering my stay.
The shower didn't work, the bed was infested with bed bugs, and there is poverty swarming the area.
Stay away.

