It wasn't anything special.
I couldn't get in to my regular doctor and I had a wicked sinus infection, so I headed on over because they took my insurance.
I waited about 15 minutes after checking in and went back.
The doctor was personable and the visit took all of about 5 minutes total as he confirmed, that yes I did have a sinus infection.
They wrote me a prescription and I was on my merry way.
I'm sure I'll return again when/if I can't see my physician since it's very close to my house.

The check in process was easy and up to date (you type your info into a computer and click submit)  Wait time isn't so bad.
The staff... somewhat unprofessional... they talk about their patients in a demeaning way to each other and you can hear it.
I got a good referral to other specialty doctors so that I liked.
It was relatively easy to go in and out, swipe my card 51 bucks to pee in a cup and get some pill prescriptions.
However, later on I got billed 167 dollars.
WTF, really, to pee in a cup and get some pills?
psh f*ck healthcare.
I am never going to the doctor again.
f*ck insurance companies.
(cigna)

I had a deeply ingrown toenail that I couldn't seem to cut out myself.
So I went into NextCare.
As it turned out, I wasted a lot of my time waiting in the waiting room, then in a "treatment room" (oxymoron, you will soon see).
Once the gentleman looked at it, he actually refused to treat me!
The reason given was that (because I was honest with them), I told them that my doctor classifies me as "pre-diabetic", only because my blood sugar is around 100-105, a questionable classification according to my nurse wife.
I do NOT take insulin or even need to monitor my blood sugar.
He claimed it is unsafe, yada yada to work on a diabetic, which I am not.
So he claims to want to be safe, he sends me back out on the street with a badly infected toe, without treating it at all!
I complained and managed to get my $40 co-pay back, but you KNOW that they did not hesitate to charge my health insurance, even though they did not treat me.
Correct name for this business is "NoCare, Next" I would never go back.
Not recommended.

Love this urgent care.
I've had to take my son there several times because his own doctor was unable to see him.
Each time, we saw capable medical personnel.
I'm not a fan of PA's, but here I was impressed.
Plus they have X-ray services on site.
At our pediatrician, I would have had to take my child to a separate location for a chest X-ray.
This urgent care is fast, friendly and reliable.
I've told lots of friends about this office.
Keep up the great work!

Long waits to meet with the nurse (no doctors here).
Then she walks in and looks like a Colombian Hooker in a hooker outfit that some one threw a white coat on - stilleto heels, mini skirt, coke finger-nail and all.
Not Professional!
She kept telling us about the "conservative" in the injections.
I finally asked if she meant "PREservative" and she said "oh yeah, that stuff.
"  Seriously...  RN license from a box of Cap'N Crunch?
I think so!

I was just there and everyone was really nice to me.
It's NOT true that employees  at the front desk are rude, they were very sweet to me and took me right away and this female blue eyes doctor was awesome!
Thanks everyone, I had a great service :-)

Although I never visit these clinics, the staff and Dr were incredible!
Very nice experience!

Clean, quick wait and knowledgeable service.
Keep in mind that there are only nurses here, but they know what they are doing.
I walked in without an appointment and was in and out in under twenty minutes with my medicine already sent to my pharmacy.
GREAT experience!

