The store is easily accessed and always clean.
The employees are friendly, no idea about helpful as I have never asked a question here.
My first visit here some time ago was very disappointing.
Nothing seemed fresh.
I did not give up though and have been back several times now and each time it is always a bit better than before.
My only complaint of the vegetables these days is they seem to not have one of the products I need.
Today was leeks, how can you not have leeks?
Wal_mart neighborhood store on my way home had them.
But I do love the bulk spices where I can spend 10 cents at a time and get what I need for the day.
Also the bulk grains and beans are great.
So overall this is a pretty nice store.

The Wife and I enjoy Sprouts and for the most part they have good to better pricing, selection.
The store is always clean, busy (*but not too busy*) and the staff seem friendly.

I now know about service, it sucks.
I was looking for a few things and asked an employee if they had them and if so where do I find it?
One item was bulgur wheat.
The person I asked did not seem to understand my question, so I spelled it out for her.
She had never heard of it and said if we have it , it will be out there somewhere as she pointed in the general direction of the whole store.
On to the next question.
Do you have crystallized ginger.
She said it is in the produce department.
I said I do not want fresh, but crystallized.
She looks at me and once again said I do not know, I never heard of it.
My thought not expressed was, well dumb ass ask someone who might know.
But this seems to have been a foreign concept to her as she made no move to do so.
I pick up a few other things I needed and had several more to find.
That being dill, no dill.
Another being mint.
Oh they had mint alright, it is called live mint it has three leaves on it with stems leading to a root ball.
I was kind of looking for mint that can be used today.
I continued on looking for items and could not find half of them,   Knowing my level of frustration and what happens when I reach the top of it; I figured I better get out of this place before I do something really stupid.
So I left and went to Safeway and they had everything I needed with great service in finding what I could not.
This is my last visit to sprouts, it has been a frustrating place to shop for a long time now and I would be even more dumb than folks think I am if I continued repeating these experiences.

There is no other option to Sprouts!
The only shopping I enjoy, the people, food and experience is great!
We need some Sprouts shirts!

This is my local Sprouts location and I just love it !!
I always get quality produce and when I check out everyone has always been very friendly.

I just moved here from San Francisco.
I LOVE Sprouts, I shop there every Wednesday.
Their fresh produce are great and affordable.
I love their chicken sausages, cole slaw and bulk items like almonds and walnuts.
My favourite is chocolate covered cherries!!!
I used to go to Trader Joe's but they don't have weekly sales like Sprouts.
Don't forget to bring some shopping bags, you will get 5 cents credit a bag.

We come here regularly and love the fresh produce.
The service is pretty good too.
I've also noticed they have a big selection of gluten free foods.
We pay more coming here than going to a big chain but it's worth it because everything is fresher.

If you want fresh produce hit a farmers market, if you want service go anywhere else.
The best thing is the amount of pre-made vegetarian options here, I love to pick up Amy's just to have on hand when they go on sale.
Produce goes bad so quickly and a lot of times I finding it sitting in the display already bad.
I often find moldy tomatoes and onions sitting there, last week it was strawberries.
I do love the amount of chemical free shampoos and cleaning products they offer though, also they carry a large selection of non-dairy milk.

-I LOVE Sprouts, I want to give this place 5-stars...and maybe I would if they hired employees that smiled and were friendly, how come no one ever smiles here?
Are they all miserable?
-Why is there an employee smoking outside of the building?
I see you there buddy...nice way to promote a "healthy" lifestyle.
-Why is the lady in the meat department mean & angry that she has to grab a sausage, wrap & sticker it, then hand it to me over the counter?
Maybe she is angry at the meat?
-Why does the guy stocking the bulk chocolate reek of cigarettes?
I don't think he was the same guy outside.
Did he personally fill the bulk foods into the containers?
Will my chocolate covered almonds smell like they were in an ashtray?
-Why does the produce guy roll his eyes when I take a fresh cucumber from the box?
Maybe I should had taken an older squishy one from the display?
Maybe he is angry at the produce?
-I really like the "oldies" music they play, I feel like I am in a '50's diner.
It helps me forget about the bitter employees that work there.
-I LOVE their cookies - they have the BEST cookies!
Soft and delicious!
-Super CLEAN restrooms.
-FREE product sample basket in the general merchandise dept.
-Convenient parking.
-I noticed that they quickly added more cashiers when the lines were getting long - this is a plus!
-The cashier was friendly and was probably the ONLY employee that smiled...oh wait!
That was another customer...

Regular at Sprouts.
Love the deals on produce and quality of fresh meat.

I love this store!
The staff is always helpful and friendly.
Their produce prices are the best in town and usually super fresh.
I love their fish counter and all their meats.
The bulk bins are great, good selection, always fresh and great prices.
Check out their spice bulk jars too!
They have great selection for no- dairy, vegetarians, and gluten free diets.
I highly recommend this store!
They also have a sandwich special at the counter for lunch everyday!
Eat in or take out!

Best produce in town....like a farmers market that's always open

Great store.
Clean, friendly staff.
Never walked out without something I came for and never disappointed.

Love the store and the products.
Hate the staff !
They are mean !
Especially the staff behind the meat and deli counter.
They act like they're peeved that they have to wait on a customer.
I stopped shopping there because I got tired of their bad attitude.

I shop pretty regularly at sprouts.
Lately, I have been unimpressed with the staff.
The other day when I was there, my cashier, (i think her name was Brittany) was throwing my items down on the counter to the lady who was bagging them.
And she was complaining to the other lady about her personal issues as if I were not standing there.
How unprofessional and disrespectful.
I spend a lot of money here to get quality food, I don't need some whiny cashier bruising my fruits and vegetables because she is having a crappy day.

I like this store, their produce is good and since it's mostly in season, they have reasonable prices.
Their meat is good, and love the bulk products and the loose spices.
Sadly, for being more of a specialty store, I find it disappointed that they don't carry puff pastry or twine.

I like Sprouts, and this location is pretty much the same as the rest.
Nothing special here, but we've also never had any bad experiences.
Some stuff can be pricey for what you get, but we generally go when there is a good weekly ad.
They don't always have everything we want, but they have a decent selection.
Oh, and I had no idea this Sprouts was even there for the longest time.
I don't even think it was listed in Google Maps, and the store faces a weird direction in the parking lot.
Usually Sprouts are easily seen from the main street (in my experience) but I'm glad I finally found this location.
It's the closest one out here!

The Avondale / Goodyear Sprouts is crap.
I first shopped at Sprouts in Surprise and liked it.
Moved to Goodyear and discovered this Sprouts is not good.
Many of the staff are dregs.
They are not friendly and don't care about their work.
Sure, there are a few good ones but they are out numbered.
The Organic veggie section is a joke.
Many old and moldy veggies.
One day I saw a 'dreg' stocking veggies in the organic section and noticed he was stocking non-organic carrots.
I asked him about it.
He had no idea and asked another veggie guy who said "oops, those aren't organic'.
Came back two days later to see the same non-organic carrots back on the organic shelf.
WTF?
One day they had some dairy items in a plastic display case on ice near check out.
Only problem was the ice was all gone and the product was room-temperature warm.
I have lost trust in this sore and Sprouts in general.
Also Sprouts has gone 'corporate' and lost their brand focus.
You can find Sprouts branded baked goods with HFC in it.
It is a premium product yet they can't spend 1 or 2 cents more for sugar?
That means the bean counters have taken over.
THey have lost their focus.
Unfortunately thee isn't an alternative in the west valley.

Great variety of healthy products.
My only complaint is the leafy green section is a bit limp.

I liked this store!
It reminded me of The Fresh Market (Eastern US).
While inside this store, I noticed that produce prices in this part of the country are much lower than in the Southeast.
For example, the cherries here were $2 less per pound.
If I lived in AZ or other states in which they are located, I would shop here.

For the past 2 years, I've been an exclusive Sprouts shopper and one of the main reasons I keep coming back to the Dysart location is simple - the staff is friendly and they know their products!
Customer service coupled with great products are the main ingredients to success.

Ran in here to grab pure tea tree oil for my burn.
They had a very selections.
I need to come back to check out the rest of the store.
Looks bright and inviting!!

Our go-to place for fresher food fare  When it comes to fresh vegetables and fruit, there really aren't a lot of good options.
Most major markets sell stuff that has been atmospherically treated and controlled to look good, but is in fact old and plucked before it should have been for transportation purposes.
They also have a "healthier" selection of processed foods.
Sprouts gets us as close to tasty and healthy groceries as possible.
If you lead a busy life and strive to hit the healthy mark without investing a lot of time into research and an apothecary-type lifestyle, Sprouts is a reliable option.
We trust what they have on the shelves, cases, and displays.
Meats are delicious and cost a bit more.
Fruits and vegetables are flavorful... and are actually cheaper than competitors when we've compared.
Selection of nuts, fruits, and grains is perfect for our needs.
And while we don't visit the organic supplements area much, it's stocked full of things that should appeal to those who know what all that stuff is for.
My only knocks: Relatively slow cashiers, people don't know how to bag (more an indictment of all stores these days), and slow response at the deli case.

I went to Sprouts for the first time a few weeks ago to purchase Fenugreek capsules.
Since I had never been there I of course had to ask for help from one of their personnel.
I say "excuse me ma'am" to the first person I saw and she just gives me this dead stare.
No "hello", no "hi can I help you", nothing.
I proceed to ask her for what I need, she takes me there then scurries off to finish her work.
I thought it was a little rude, but was in a rush to get where I was going so I just grabbed my pills and went on to browse the rest of the store.
Once it's time to check out the cashier barely looks at nor acknowledges me, she just rang me up and sent me on my way.
I'm a black woman and I  wouldn't have minded too much if she hadn't greeted the older white male that was behind me with a hearty "hello" and "did you find everything ok".
Sprouts really needs to teach their employees to treat ALL of their customers equally.
I'll be missing out on some nice products but I refuse to give my money to an establishment with such poor customer service.

Probably about my favorite whole foods store other than one other in the valley.
They have everything I need to stay eating healthy and enjoying it.
I especially like how nice and clean they keep this store.
The one thing I would like is that if they could just have a bit more assistance, seems like they have a few stockers and only a couple of cashiers at any time and checking out can be a bit of pain, otherwise perfect

great food for sale

Yikes they did not have my corn nuts I am very disappointed.
But I did find some other things for us to enjoy.
Always fun here.
But it is always packed!!

I used to love this store!
This past weekend changed that though.
Had 2 employees treat me like crap and act like I was just a bother.
None of the employees was wearing a name tag so contacting the company about the treatment is difficult.
Prices a re always fair and the produce is great, but when you are treated so poorly by the staff, it is hard to be pleased with the store in general.

Fresh Produce!
Friendly Staff!
I totally love this Sprouts!
I think they do a great job helping you find whatever you need.
I also love the fact they have fresh and healthy products, chicken, fruits and vegetables!

For my money Sprouts has the best ground beef from a grocery store.
It is ground daily and has better flavor than the tubed prepackaged ground beef trucked from out of state at the other grocery chains.
If you choose to chip in the extra dough for their organic ground beef you will have a experience that you'll never forget if you are used to the standard ground beef as I was once.
The fresh produce and fruits here are impressive.
You're looking for organic they have it too.
Wednesday is the best day to shop here, they will honor their previous ad and the new ad for the week.
Their bulk section has almost anything you would buy prepackaged.
I no longer buy prepackaged ingredients when preparing meals for my family.
First it is much fresher and I am able to buy exactly what I need to ensure I am using fresh ingredients each time.
Second and last the prices on the bulk ingredients are very fair to bargains.
I would dare people to convert your mindset to buying bulk and use as little to as much as you need and know Sprouts is keeping the bins fresh!
In my mind it makes me think on how our past families bought their groceries.
We're just lucky to have a air conditioned store in the desert with a motorized vehicle to take us to the market.
I am by no means a naturalist or solely cure my family and myself with strictly homeopathic remedies but this store has almost anything you'll need in their vitamin section.
Everyday I live I learn something new with how I can use items from this section of the store.
Another great thing is you can buy a good amount of spices in bulk too.
There is nothing better than using seasoning that are fresh.
I used to buy spices at the grocery store and it sat in my spice rack until I used it.
Now I buy a little at a time and have tastier meals because of it.
Overall I am a fan of this store!
If you're looking for everything prepackaged, this is not your store.
This store caters to folks who are looking for fresher products and that may have special requirements.
They have a much better selection of Gluten-Free items.
If your Vegan; whoa, whoa, whoa, stop the clock they have you covered too.
I am not sure who can stop here and leave without finding something.

On of the best places I have ever bought groceries at.Their selection is amazing ,first place Ive found this amount of selection on herbs and seasonings

This place has great produce at great prices.
They have a large  natural and organic foods selection.
The meat department and deli are great.
The best part is that the customer service is great.
The staff here is friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.
The better best part may be the prices.
Though some may be just a tad high, as a fellow that is used to shopping at Whole Foods for very similar products and paying a lot for them, the prices here are reasonable.

We used to shop at this location weekly but quit about two years ago when we found the produce was all old and over ripe in the store.
Once we got it home we had to use it in a day or two or it would turn bad and we would have to throw it out.
Pineapples were dark yellow in the store and when you got them home they were brown inside.
Bananas were already getting black spots in the store, mangoes soft, squishy and shriveling up right in the store.
We decided to give it another try last weekend and it seemed even worse.
We didn't get anything we went for because it was all over ripe in the store.
Can't understand why people like this location for produce.

I'm not from the area.
I popped in for beer.
I got a 12pk of Corona bottles for around $12.00.
Everything looked the same as the Sprouts here in LA.
Cool thing I did notice was someone in the medical field offering flu vaccinations at the front of the store.

I love coming here to get a sandwich after my workout but I'm going to have to start going to subway.
Paulette and Justin in the deli are the rudest most unfriendly people I've had to deal with.
And managers don't seem to care

I've only been in for organic ice cream, coffee, and steel cut oats.
Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly.
Produce does look a little too ripe for my liking but I can't comment on the quality since I haven't purchased any.
They have a great coffee selection which I come back biweekly for.
Fresh and delicious.

Two stars feels a little generous for this place...
I've lived in small communities prior to recently moving to Avondale, and this was my first visit to a Sprouts.
It was quite crowded; the layout is pretty tightly squished together.
Some items lacked price tags (like on the sides of the low freezers and in the produce department.
) I was disappointed to see the conventional produce heavily outweighed the organic.
Bulk bins looked nasty.
Prices were higher than expected, but the cherry on top was the worst customer service I can ever recall anywhere.
Is this a Phoenix/city thing to be miserable or..?
After working in natural food stores for almost 10 years, I know the natural foods shopper has a tendency to err on the obnoxious side of consumers... but you would guess that these employees (I'm sure not all, but the worst are usually what you remember..) had the job of sniffing farts, that's how awful and disgusted they act.
The cashier Gabby was terrible, and rude for absolutely no reason.
Oh, and thanks for pretty much bagging each item in its own bag.
I felt pretty good about acquiring 80 plastic bags in a single shopping trip.
Can't wait to keep exploring this amazing city after this first experience..

I have been going to this store almost every week since the store opened (2008?).
I buy fruits, veggies, nuts and milk/yogurt/fish.
I notice the prices have gone through the roof (example, bulk walnuts use to be $2:99/3:99 per lb, now it is $8:99 per lb, Get the picture!).
The service is getting deteriorated by the day due to employee turnaround.
"Baby bananas" I like,  look too raw OR almost too fruit for trash.
At least, the attendant(s) at the fish counter never disappoint me for my sockeye salmon purchase.
Checkout counters are prompt/efficient.

