This is all American food.
I'm calling it Ethnic, because American is an ethnic group too and they don't have a fast food grouping.
Hey!
I'm a California girl; we love our burgers the In & Out way.
Always fresh, always made to order and always made right.
Drive through or dine in.
The drive through is surprisingly fast.
The inside dining gets crowded at meal times but it usually works out that by the time your food is ready a table opens up.
On a nice day there are plenty of outside tables to take advantage of.
Kid friendly dining with lots of high chairs.
They keep it pretty clean even when it's busy.
Best fries on the planet because they are made ultra fresh right before your eyes.
Watch the guy take a  fresh potatoe and slice it and then fry it.
I like mine extra well done.
Not a problem at I&O.
They make it the way you want it.
Add on grilled onions with or without your slice of raw onion.
No prob.
Full slices of onions (none of those dehydrated minced things that look like lice on your burger), rich ripe red tomatoes (not pink; red and ripe)and whole leaves of lettuce (none of that shredded stuff with brown edges).
The buns are baked fresh everyday too.
Fresh, fresh, fresh and juicy.
On a diet?
In and Out invented the protein burger over 40 years ago.
All the other fast food places are imitators.
In California we called it a Rabbit Burger.
All your burger goodies stacked on whole lettuce leaves and lovingly wrapped.
Messy and yummy.
Animal Style - it's not on the menu but you can make your burger or fries Animal Style - adds grilled onions and more condiments.
On your fries it adds cheese, onions and thousand island sauce - Wow!
They (unfortunately) charge extra for it now.
Oh well, if you tell em to leave off the cheese they will not charge the extra $1.85 on to the fries though.
Top off your meal with a real made from ice cream shake.
Everyone else has finally followed suit on this one too.
Used to be you could only find ice milk being used.
I & O always used ice cream and still does.
Nice fat straws too - not those skinny ones that you have to suck your brains out to get a good slurp.
Pick up a cool t shirt and bumper sticker while you are there and show your burger love to the world!
Dang!
I've made myself hungry writting this reveiw.
Think I will head on over for some comfort food!
Sunday through Thursday 10:30 a.m.-1:00 a.m. Friday and Saturday 10:30 a.m.-1:30 a.m.

Things I Like That I Know I Shouldn't:  Pickle juice straight from the jar.
"Rock Star" by Nickelback.
A 4x4 with animal style fries from In-N-Out.
The "secret menu" is the best practical joke since Mariah Carey's movie career.
It's not secret (In-N-Out has the damn thing posted on its website) and it's not much of a menu as it is just more combinations of food and condiments (except maybe the Grilled Cheese).
Yet for all my mockery, I myself am obsessed with this fast food phenomenon.
Out of going to In-N-Out for two years, I haven't ordered anything off the "regular menu" in 23 months.
And even then, I make one of my awestruck lackeys do it for me.
It's become campus lore that if you owe Jetta a favor, expect visit In-N-Out holding a sheet of pink paper with the most nonsensical order in the history of lunch runs written on it in pink lettering.
Jetta helped you get a 90 on that test?
Flying Dutchman with well done fries.
Jetta came in on her day off to cover your shift in the computer lab?
Grilled Cheese, light fries, and a neopolitan shake.
Jetta talked your boyfriend into agreeing to a threesome with your and your best friend?
You better keep it coming, because all 3x3s and animal style fries in the world will not get that harrowing, harrowing memory out of my fucking head.
While the life of a secret menu-aire may seem glamorous, it does have it pitfalls.
Occasionally I send out for a protein burger (comes wrapped in a lettuce bun) and instead get a 2x2 with no condiments.
Or I asked for "extra toast" and got a little baggie of slightly burnt buns.
Oh, and who can forget the time I sent out for In N Out and got back a bag of McDonald's and a scolding on how it is very mean to write down an order with items that aren't on the menu.
That's how I discovered McDonald's southwest chicken sandwich.
Following the secret menu is like following UFOs or cryptozoology.
It's rewarding when you find a location that provides your mysterious heart attack sandwich, but other times you (or the person you sent to get your lunch) end up looking like an idiot in front of the cashier.
Still, the thrill of the plunder is worth the hassle and risk of embarrassment.
Sure, that calorie bomb was never meant for human consumption, but fuck it, it was on the secret menu.
It's practically a treasure.
I guess that's the ultimate joy of the In N Out experience.
Getting something that (at least we are lead to believe) the average casual fast foodie does not get to experience.
Fuck the casual eaters.
Only real drive-thru pirates deserve the good shit.

Good, but it takes a long time, even with drive-thru.
Still, it's worth it.
Only downfall is access to it.
You're not able to go in except through one exit off of the street, which you can't make a left turn out of.
And no access through the shopping center; however, through now fault of their own.
The access is just incovenient.

With the exception that they should have made this one twice as big (you can hardly find a seat around noon) I've never once had a wrong order and sometimes I order some complex stuff.
Employees are like, overly happy which is actually sometimes annoying, but oh well.
But yeah, In N Out hardly even needs a review... everyone knows the food is always incredible.
And Amanda B is right!
There used to be a little green house that was on this lot before they finally gave in.

When you want a fresh burger, this place isn't bad.
Love the traditional burger with all trimings.
Fries were a bit soft and chewy and lacked a crispy taste.
Lines can be long if you hit drive thru at meal times.
In our heat, best to park and go in

Always an awesome place if you're looking for a good burger.
Get the 2x2 animal style and get well done fries.

This place is always a stop when i am out in AZ.
Loves it!!!!!!!!!!
Great burger, great fries, not too expensive, usually pretty quick.
I only wish they had in-n-out where i live.
I like to stick  with the double double and fries.
My gf likes to get her fries well done.
Its a nice option if you like them extra crispy, but regular tastes fine to me.

No matter which one you go to, In n out is the best burger place on the planet (thus far).
The burgers and fries are made to order.
And delicious.
I highly recommend the double double which has double meat and cheese.
The burgers are loaded with good veggies and sauce, the fries fresh and crsip, the shakes thick and creamy.
I recommend In n Out for anyone who likes to eat, likes burgers, and has hunger.

Can you say Hell Ya!
I have heard about IN-N-OUT for years, I finally got my chance to be part of the masses and willingly submit my soul to the cult of IN-N-OUT!
I snuck out the hotel room while here in Glendale, it was under the guise to get some juice and waters etc.
honestly I didn't want to take Twinkee with me since she is competing in a meet here and eating a double in front of her and then telling her she cant have none, could be in some circles considered child abuse.
Honestly the best burgers I have ever had use a simple recipe, good ingredients.
IN-N-OUT has this down to a science.
The double was perfect, nice amounts of melted gooey cheese, fresh tomato, onion IN-N-OUT sauce this is a burger that could be considered appropriate for every meal.
The fries are fresh cut, crispy and nicely salted and I love the fact the wrapper of the burger and the boat the fries are served in are plastered with facts and IN-N-OUT rhetoric further drawing you into the grasp of this cult.
The little red serving trays are the some cool little pieces of plastic, they have dudes coming around cleaning up and picking up the trays or I would probably of had 3 new souvenirs.
IN-N-OUT when I am in a city your in I am there!

Yeah......I don't get it.
It's a burger joint.
I mean it wasn't bad but it was just OK.
I think I got caught up in all the "hoopla" about this place and was expecting more.
Granted the cost was on the money but the burger and the fries were kinda "blah".
I guess the old "you get what you pay for" adage holds true here.
I been here 3 times (twice because friends from out of town wanted to go there) and wasn't impressed any of the times.
To the East Coast people:  I will trade you ALL of the In-N-Out Burger restaurants for ONE White Castle.

On an extended visit to AZ, I am lucky enough to be staying only a couple miles from this particular In-N-Out location.
Yes, the parking lot is difficult to get into.
Yes, there is often a wait.
Even so, it's been my Friday night indulgence for the past month now.
Even with a line of cars stretching far into the parking lot, the wait is never more than 10 minutes.
Why is In-N-Out Burger so good?
I'd wager there's a secret narcotic they put in the sauce.
I love that they have someone in the parking lot to take orders and transmit them wirelessly to minimize wait time.
I love how pleasant all their staff is.
I love how clean the place is.
Have I mentioned how much I love this place?
I'll take their simple menu of a few things they do really well over an extensive menu of mediocrity any day.
I've been known to plan road trips and stops around In-N-Out, so maybe I'm biased.
I just wish there was a location (or several) in Seattle.
One can dream, right?

One of the things I miss most about West coast!

Out of around 15 In-N-Out's I've been, this one has the best food and service.
In-N-Out consistently provides top service, prices, and food quality in the burger and fries fast food chain market.
In-N-Out seriously needs to review their parking/drive through development.
Half the locations I've been to have some kind of issue.
This In-N-Out is RIDICULOUSLY DIFFICULT TO ENTER/EXIT.
Once you're in the parking lot/drive though area it's ok.
If you're leaving In-N-Out, and planning to head west on Bell (or to the 101), it's almost impossible without a u-turn or separate lot turnaround in high volume traffic.
Despite the driving issues, THIS In-N-Out is SO GOOD I'VE BECOME A REGULAR (2-3 times a month).
I was not an In-N-Out regular before I visited this location.

I love everything about this place.
Well, except the line.
Too many people go here to eat!!
LOL

They serve a really great tasting burger and fries, are usually very clean, and all of the people who work there are friendly.
They also have a nice outdoor eating area with tables and benches, great for good weather days.
I only docked 1 star because of the location of the restaurant.
They are in an enclosed parking lot on a very busy street corner, 83rd Ave and Bell Rd, making it somewhat of an ordeal to enter and exit.
And, by 'enclosed parking lot' I mean that you can only enter and exit it from 83rd Ave and not from Bell Rd nor from the neighboring shopping plaza.
Literally, you can only enter by driving north on 83rd Ave., and you must U-turn if coming from anywhere else.
Sometimes the traffic is just horrendous, making it even worse.
I've seen some people just park in the shopping plaza and jump the little wall to avoid these traffic issues.
Anyway, the entrance/exit is a bit of a pain, but it's worth it for a great burger every once in awhile.
If you're a first-timer, be aware that they really have only 3 food items:  a hamburger, a cheeseburger, and fries.
You can, of course, customize these items with the available toppings or get a double or triple burger, etc.
They also have a not-so-secret, secret menu...just google it if you're interested.
For drinks, they have shakes and fountain sodas.
Overall, 4 stars for yummy food, clean space, and great customer service!

I don't understand all the hoopla about this place.
The last time I ate here was probably 2005.
The burger and fries were average but I wouldn't say spectacular.
The prices are reasonable and the staff are nice but when I want to enjoy a great, fresh and non-microwave hamburger I always hit up Whataburger.
To each there own I guess :-)

Good Food

Hamburger........good!
Nuff said.

I first ate at In & Out when I was in Las Vegas several years ago.
Then a few years ago they moved to Arizona and at a location not far from where I live in Peoria.
The attraction for me was the ability to get a burger wrapped in lettuce.
(Protein Style) If you know the key words you can get your burger cooked many ways that are not published on the menu.
I could never quite understand the crowd of people coming there to eat.
Lined up out the door and a line of cars around the place with someone out side taking orders.
It is just a hamburger nothing exceptional.
They do have good fries.
Better than most.
Today I had spent 3 hours installing cabinet doors at my in-laws house.
Was not supposed to take this much time but it seems to go that way at times.
Well I worked way past lunch and was hungry.
In & Out was on the way home.
Really should of driven a couple of miles out of the way and gone to Rocket Burger.
Any way I got what I always get a single cheese burger protein style a order of fries and a ice tea.
Now I don't eat there very often but when I took my first bite and looked at the burger I noticed it was only about 3/16 of an inch thick.
It could of even been thinner.
I went WOW where is the beef.
(Sorry for using an over used term.
) This was quite a bit thinner than I can rememberer.
I know, I know, I know, if they had been that thin in the past I surely would of noticed.
It was just a little thicker than peanut butter spread on a piece of toast.
Guess I can blame it on the economy.
Rocket Burger is at least 2 to 3 times thicker.
Much better value.
If you go to In & Out, look at the patty.
This review is meant to inform.
Not to be negative.
Hopefully you do not take it as being negative.
In & Out is always clean, the people friendly and cheerful, the food was good tasting.
The reason for the 2 stars and not 3 was value.
The people at the restaurant did everything right.
Happy eating!

The food is definitely fresh.
But their single burger is "so" paper thin.
It's a joke.
It's for a small child.
It's almost like they what you, to buy a "Double Double" for more money.
Strike Number One.
Then, to get into their place and out of their place.....is a Mess.
And, I'm sorry but they take along.....time to get your food ready, in the "drive-thru".
At least 10 minute's.
Too long.
And they "repeat" your order over and over....and over.
With their "happy" smiles.
Sorry gang, I don't think....it's that great.
They need to "improve" alot of things.

The longer the wait the better it tastes.
Can't get enough.

I know IN-N-OUT is all the rage, but it's truly one of my least desirable destinations.
Why?
I'm not sure other than their food is uninspiring to me.
Is it fresh?
Yes.
Is that unusual for burger joints?
Yes.
Still...
I'd just as soon get a burger anywhere than wait in line here for a generic burger.
Give me something smothered with BBQ sauce or bacon or pepper jack cheese.
Knowhatimean?

A #1 Double Double w/ Animal Style fries...
Simply the Best!

Oh god yes!

Easily one of the most overrated burgers I've had in my life.
I can't handle more than a slice of American 'cheese', so that seems to knock off a good portion of the menu (I'm looking at you, "double double").
Their beef is pretty darn good, but good luck savoring that, as it's overwhelmed by what is practically a salad between the buns.
At least they're toasted to perfection.
Also, the fries blow.
Yeah yeah, there's no trans fat!
They're freshly cut potatoes!
DGAF, it's not like anyone has health or freshness on the mind at a fast food joint.
The novelty of the great ingredients wears off when you realize every item is the same.
Ooh, animal style...who can actually finish off that monstrosity?
Who would *want* to?
I stick with something simple.
A nice hamburger with grilled onions.
It leaves me content, but not anywhere near the foodgasm I hear California transplants raving about.
The pros: -Clean -Open lobby 'til 1AM -Quality ingredients  The bad: -15 minutes for one damned hamburger -No variety (unless you feel like adding more fat) -Fries are lackluster -Thousand Island or GTFO   They WOULD get two stars, but their business practices are too groovy for that.
I *suppose* I can tolerate this place.

Best Burger Joint ever.
That.
Is.
All.

Loooove in-n-out burger.
Everything is good there!

The only burgers that come close to In-N-Out burgers are the ones my dad grills up :)   This is in the perfect location (near shopping & entertainment) EXCEPT for the fact that there is only 1 entrance off of 83rd Ave.
There is no entrance off of Bell & the shopping mall it sits on is walled off, so you have to go around.
If hunger calls though, driving around in a little circle isn't too bad, lol!

As good as I remembered, very busy,fast service, friendly staff.
The only thing, and his minor I wish they had malts instead of shakes.

Mmm, everyone working here acts like wound up robots.
Yea sure, ask me again if I want cheese on my cheeseburger.
I asked for a freakin' cheeseburger didn't I!
The dining room always has crap on the floor and I hate slipping on lettuce.
The Manager sets the uptight vibe here, so I'm sticking with Jack-In-The Box next door.

I'm not a fan of fast food, but YUM!!!!!!
Only problem you have to take that last bite.

You gotta get the fries animal style.

YUM!
I love to dip my fries in my strawberry shake!
They have the best fountain pepsi also...
I don't know how they mix it but it is heavenly.
I love the employees always are so respectful and polite with "please" thank you" welcome".
When they read your order back to you it is confusing because they don't say 3 of the #1 they break it down as 3 fries 3 burgers ect and I don't want to sound dumb but darn it when you have a large order and your tired it is beyond my brain waves to understand it LOL!
Why can' t they just say 3 number 1's!!
Just say yes as they have never gotten my order wrong.
All locations get very packed during peek hours so sometimes it's hard to find a seat.
They often have misters outside to keep you cooler if there is no seating available inside.
It is sometimes best to go with a friend and have 1 person go and save a table that opens while the other stands in line.
Food products are always fresh to order and you will never get fries or a burger that has been sitting under a heat lamp.

Love in & out but this restaurant has difficult access..I mean ridiculous!
There is literally one way in and out (pun intended).
Can't access the drive thru easily and trying to get out of the parking lot you've got this big median to contend with.
Forget about it if you have a trailer.

In-N-Out was everything I dreamed it would be!
I like how the menu is very simple and not overwhelming.
I had the #2 and devoured the whole meal.
Hey, when you're on vacation, calories don't count, right?
I loved the burger but the fries were meh.
They don't cook them with salt so you have to salt them yourself.
I wish Chicago had this chain, but I would probably have a fupa if that were the case.

LOVE THIS PLACE.
Simple clean menu.
Always quick, always professional.
Burgers are always tasty.

In-N-Out has never let me down, whether I've had it in LA or  AZ.
I'm especially fond of this location because it's never that busy when I go and the service is, as always, fast and friendly.
I usually get a double double, animal fries and a Neapolitan shake.
I've yet to attempt a crazy secret menu order, but I have a feeling they would be more than happy to fullfil it here.

Sometimes a person just needs a number 1 with a chocolate shake.
Later that person needs to run several miles and have a salad, but at least once a month I always make that choice haha.
Awesome burger, awesome fries (only when fresh), and awesome shakes.

I would give it 4.5 stars but it's a 4 star rating.
In-N-Out Burger is a very clean place.
I went there last Wednesday and I ordered the Double Double with just meat and cheese, a fry, and a chocolate shake.
The service was very nice.
They welcomed us to their restaurant and that made me excited.
They have very good manners.
The other person with me had a regular Double Double, a fry, and a lemonade.
The was very juicy and tender because the bun was fresh, the meat was tender, and fresh, and once you chew on it, after about 2 bites, this burst of cheese flavor enters your mouth and takes over the whole taste of the burger in a good way.
The cheese flavor was very pleasing to my taste buds.
The fries were greasy, but there were pretty good, because the flavor of the salt mixed in with the potato was a really enjoyable taste in my mouth.
The fries were very crunchy and it tastes like a real potato fry, but it   also tasted like a McDonald's fry.
The shake was very rich, and tasty.
You can feel that it's real ice cream in your mouth, plus you can really taste the milk in the ice cream shake.
I literally couldn't take my mouth off of the straw.
It was that good.
The only reason this isn't 5 stars, is that it is a little pricy, but it's worth it mostly.
It's not Fuddruckers, or Five Guys pricy.

This place was a zoo.
They have one of the worst drive thru set ups in my opinion.
Anyways the line was too long so I went in.
They workers are like a fine tuned machine.
They have the process down.
One makes the burger, another person adds the fries, another makes the drinks.
It went really quickly.
We had a lot of custom burgers and they got our order correct despite it.
Only complaint is the fries were cold and soggy by the time we made it home 10 minutes later.
If you get fries you better dine in.

You can always expect to see young but extremely hardworking people working at In-n-out.
I only ordered fries, but there are no other fries that compare to this old classic.

Been to about 15 different locations in various states and as usual it is always awesome.
Burgers are AMAZING and you don't get fresh fries at very many places anymore.
Love IN-N-OUT!!!

Is "California Cool" a brand?
I think so, and I think In-N-Out personifies it better than any store in the mall selling overpriced clothing in Euro sizes.
Fresh ingredients including never frozen beef, and fries that are made after you order them.
Pretty cheap pricing.
Friendly service.
Spotlessly clean.
A secret menu adding intrigue to the ordinary.
So, what happens if you ask for your burger Gangnam Style?

I typically hate fast food, but hell, when i need a good hamburger I go here.
Only problem is if your on health kicks like me, sometimes this sort of food doesn't agree with you.
But overall I believe they have very competent staff!

Love their fries!
I always get a double order of fries!
This location is a bit annoying on the access and parking lot but it's bell rd.
everything is hard to get in and out of.
Especially when it's as popular as in & out!

My only complaint?
You can't get a chicken sandwich!
Just kidding.
This Cali staple is delicious and if you rock the "secret" menu you can customize your meal to your specific liking.

I don't know how this keeps happening but I have always lived within a 5-mile radius to In N Out.
From our home in Riverside, to Garden Grove, to Orange, to my undergrad college in Irvine and now grad school in Arizona!
Coincidence?
Or fate?
lol.
Well I guess thats the reason why I'm not super fanatic about their burgers like some people are, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't crave it once in a while.
This location has friendly workers ( I think they all do) and I opt for their animal style fries or their protein burger.
Sometimes I'll get a cheeseburger with their fried mustard and pickles.
Yup, you read that right, it does exist.
I don't know what else is on their "secret" menu but I'm sure if you ask they will tell.
I have to limit myself to one burger every 3-4 months though, I get so bloated after eating there lol.

Yep I am a fan love In N Out who could not perfect as always

best fast food in town.
yum yum

The food and service here can not be matched, my only problem with this place is their parking lot.
It is poorly designed and can only be accessed on 83rd avenue.
If their parking lot connected to the rest of the shopping center it would allow for better flow of traffic.
Prices and quality of food though are an A+

This location was pretty quick which is always a challenge for In-N-Out.
They did their animal style well, but their burgers were a little dry and just don't do it for me.
For a chain, it is better than many other places but I definitely would not go out of my way to eat here.
The quality is only marginally better and usually it is anything but "fast" food.
I realize this is heresy to native Californians but since I'm not one, oh well :-)

Let's face it, we live in a society where you can find a burger just about anywhere.
However, I challenge you to find a better burger anywhere else, because I've tried and cannot do it!
They have the best burgers, plain and simple.
The double-double is burger perfection.
Toasted bun, slim and juicy burger patty, fresh lettuce, special sauce and add on some banana peppers like I do, and you have burger heaven.
My dad and I used to stop at this place no less than 3 times on our California trips, so once they built them out here in AZ, it was a dream come true.
They are always fast, friendly, and fresh when you come to eat here, and the taste is outstanding.
In fact, I think I'll go pick one up later, because writing about it makes me really want one...

I love In N Out but this location is awful !
My food was cold once I received it , I waited at the window for over 20 minutes and all I ordered was a burger .
Seriously slacking

Ok.
So I found this place and was quite skeptical.
Another freaking burger place?
How great can it be??
But you will not be disappointed!
Their burgers taste amazing!!
They're shakes are tasty AND cheap ($1.50).
I recently moved away from here but I'm really missing it.
I would really like to try their monster burger whenever I get around to coming back.
When you get something to go, keep in mind they dont have "to go" boxes, so your burger will be in a paper wrapping and thrown in the bag.
Same goes for fries.
I wish they had a little bit better packaging ideas.

This place stays really busy all the time and the minute it opens to the minute it closes with the amount of people that go in and out of this location I'm surprised stays very clean they all do really good job they seem to always be really friendly.
I can't give  them five stars because the parking sucks.

A line of cars  around the block for lunch time.
The french fries are hand pressed right from potato into the oil hamburgers are always delicious, the location is right on the corner of Bell and 83rd right on the south East corner.

OK.  You either like or don't like In-N-Out, I'm not going to try to convert anyone.
I think they're a good burger, they're not expensive, and I love their fries.
I also like their corporate ethos of raising their own products and how they help teen employees with scholarships.
Very nice.
And this location is your typical In-N-Out, always busy at lunch, standard white & red decor, etc.
So why am I giving them two stars?
Because of their totally asinine parking configuration.
If you are approaching on Bell or on 83rd Ave southbound, you're screwed.
Your first opportunity to turn around has a sign that says No U Turns, though it's ignored regularly.
So you turn in to the parking lot, expecting to connect to it.
Your expectations are about to be dashed.
They don't connect.
The only way to turn in to the parking lot would be to be northbound on 83rd.
There is no reason why the lots cannot connect, and for that reason, I'm giving them two stars and don't plan on returning here.
I have more than enough frustration in my life, and there are plenty of In-N-Outs, and other places, that have much more accessible parking.
Maybe they'll fix it some day, but I won't hold my breath.

So I heard from the world that In N Out is the best burger.....I knew it wasn't before I ever went.
That honor belongs to Aussie Burger in Greenville, SC.
Anyway it is a good burger for fast food style burgers.
It is not a great gourmet burger.
I have never been a fan of soft French fries so I will not go there.
The burgers are decent I can see how they could be addictive.
I am not one of those people who are nuts about them.
In my case they fill a craving once in a while.

Check your bags folks!!!
I drove the 40 min round trip journey to get the highly requested In-and-Out for dinner.
Like an idiot I didn't check my bag before driving home.
Unlike other fast food chains this place has never messed up my order so I've been lulled into a false sense of security.
Upon arrival at home I discovered 4 burgers for my 5 person family.
Like any good mother I graciously handed my children food and watched them savor each bite (while secretly wanting to throw an adult temper tantrum).
Lesson learned?
Always check your bag no matter how on point a place usually is.
Everyone assures me their food was delicious.
I can vouch the fries were good...but alas I am out not only my money, but my personal dinner as well.

In n Out Burger totally lives up to the hype.
We ate here basically every day for lunch when we were in Arizona.
A double double with grilled and raw onions plus a chocolate shake...I wonder if I lived near an In n Out Burger, how soon I would get sick of it?
I bet it would take awhile.

Always good, always friendly, always packed.
Always a good choice, the best 'fast food' spot in town.

After phenomenal In-N-Out experiences in Cali and subpar ones in Texas, I was initially nervous about the In-N-Out in AZ, more specifically Peoria.
It is a slight notch below Cali, but certainly miles ahead of Dallas.
Plus, I've learned that no matter what, animal style makes everything better.
Yes, everything.
A double-double with french fries drenched in the animal style goo is always my go to and if I'm feeling extra saucy, I'll throw in a shake on top of it.
I got all of the above here and while the burger was up to par, the fries and the shake were definitely under par.
Dry potatoes and a hard shake made for tough consumption, but 1st world problems for spending less than $6 for a fattening meal would lead me to complain less and not more.
Service was pretty standard.
Efficient, almost military precision in assembling my tray of heart attack worthy fast food.
Impressive, considering how often they must deal with lines and rude tourists who know nothing about In-N-Out.
What I still wouldn't give to have one of these in NYC ...

Please, please, please In-N-Out Burger...PLEASE open a restaurant in the Chicago area!
How far would I drive for an In-N-Out Burger?
To be honest, if time allowed, I would go as far as 100 miles, one way, for one of your delicious, fresh, hot, "Double Doubles"!
I'm crazy huh?
Yeah, crazy for their FANTASTIC burgers!
And shakes too!
I know that locally sourcing their food products is the key to this chain's high quality standards and popularity.
Whenever I head out west, I make In-N-Out a DEFINITE stop.
I've been to several of their locations in Arizona and California.
This location in Peoria is one of my favorites!
I think the closest one to me here in the Chicago area would be in Texas.
It's outside my "100 mile limit".
If money were no object, I would fly frequently to Los Angeles (LAX) and visit their location nearby.
It's a great spot to watch planes land while enjoying one of the best burgers you'll ever eat from a fast food chain.
The staff is always friendly, the food is top-notch.
They don't have a big menu, but that's okay.
You come here for the burger, the fries, and the shake.
Those are their specialties.
I only have TWO wishes for the corporate honchos at In-N-Out:  1.
PLEASE open a location in Chicago 2.
PLEASE stay open 24/7.
I sometimes CRAVE one of your burgers at 6:00am.

Quality every time.
Excellent every time.
Hands down dollar for dollar king of the burgers- and no fancy business going on either.
Just a straight up burger- the 3x3 with cheese hits it!
The quintessential old-school go-to burger.
Love a company that cares enough to put scripture on their containers.

Animal style - grilled onions and sauce, yummy!
Fries are always the best.
This burger joint does it best, hands down, at almost every location.
This one didn't disappoint and of course I ate there more than once on my short stay nearby.
Their short menu - just burgers, fries, drinks (shakes!
), quick service even when 20 are before you, and tasty wholesome ingredients make this the best eatin in town, in their limited west coast locations.
If you are bored or need some inspiration, check out the psalms on paper goods.
This isn't just some heartless fast food chain!

Double Double with frys to go please!!!
Great burgers and food, not just for the price but as an overall meal.
If this is on one corner and there are three other fast food burger joints on each of the other corners, I am going here.
Fresh cut frys and grilled onions on my burger, yup...I am in.

As a native Californian, I have a weird superiority complex about In N Out (most of us do).
I think it's the best fast food burger chain and is miles ahead of Five Guys and Shake Shack, etc.
This location is kind of situated in a weird place.
It's not actually in the target shopping center, even though it's at the corner of it.
You have to enter separately through the entrance closest to the store.
Weird, I know.
Aside from the odd entryway, this location serves consistently quality food.
My go-to order: hamburger protein style w/ no onions, fries, and a small Dr. Pepper.
Delicious!

Only fast food I can really eat.
Protein style burger and a fry!
Woot woot!
Fast friendly, clean.
Gluten free options.
If you like pickles just ask they are not standard but they have them.
I like that the fries are fried in cotton seed oil not corn oil.

Best fast food restaurant in town!!

