Not to bad.. not to bad at all.. you know me and chain restaurants don't get along very well.
So when I was invited here by a friend I had already made up my mind not to hate this place but let it suck on its own.
I ordered the Smokey Jack Panini based on my friends recommendation.
Crunch toasted bread.. smokey bacon and turkey.. guacamole and tomatoes.. what else could top this off, a slice of pepper jack cheese.
It didn't fucking suck!
Now the free ice cream, that sucked!
Might try it again for the salad bar.. looked very fresh and well stocked.

I've driven by the place a number of times and always thought it was just a little corner deli with some tables outside.
But it's got a huge dining room - deceptively large.
If you've got a lot of people looking to eat a simple meal together, this is the place.
The tables can all be moved and put together and it looks like a common occurrence.
I'd heard the tuna melt was good so that's what I went.
It was fine.
If you're expecting a grease-laden tuna monstrosity, you'll be sorely disappointed.
It was probably more like a tuna sandwich you might make at home.
The bread was a nicely toasted whole wheat, probably a smallish scoop of tuna, a swipe of mayo, some nicely melted jack cheese and a slice of tomato.
The tuna wasn't cold so it must have been heated up but it seemed more like it had gone through one of those giant toaster contraptions they have at Quizno's.
The Ruffles-like chips were a bit better than Ruffles out of the bag but not by much.
My friend had the same so can't really add more about his meal.
Other people's food looked good.
The staff was nice and patient.
There was a TV tuned to sports with the sound off.
The salad bar looked great: extensive and lots of fresh produce (at least it looked fresh)!
They have a lot of soups on the menu.
It looks like they have mostly Coke-products (I'm a Coke-girl) at the self-serve soda area though they had some specialty waters and sodas near the register.
I'd meet a friend or a group of friends there for a healthy-tasting sandwich.

Walking into Jason's Deli I didn't know what to expect.
Is it like Paradise Bakery?
Is it like Wildflower Bread Co?
The concept of serving sandwiches made from quality bread and fresh ingredients is the same but they serve classic favorites like blt's, meatball, reuben, and club sandwiches.
If you want a "gourmet sandwich"  with fancy toppings you should probably go to Paradise or Wildflower.
They also offer wraps, stuffed potatoes, po boys, soups, and a salad bar but it didn't look very good.
I ended up ordering ciabatta garden sandwich because It was  one of the few vegetarian options they had there.
The sandwich was really flavorful and filling .
My sister ordered the Reuben sandwich and it was huge!
I don't eat meat but that sandwich looked really good.
My sister also suggested we try out their cheesecake and it was delish!
I was surprised it was pretty authentic not one of those to go slices that tastes like Jello cheesecake.
We were very satisfied and will be coming back for more :)

This is the third time I have had a sandwich from here but the first time I have been in the building.
The last two times I sent somebody else to pick up a sandwich for me.
One of those times I used the internet to order which went flawlessly.
This time, Friday lunch, I had a New York Yankee and a fountain drink ($9.95 with tax).
I took advantage of he excellent weather, 95° slight breeze, to sit outside at a table in the shade.
Their sandwiches are OK and plenty filling.
It comes on a plate with potato chips and a pickle spear.
This place is a chain and while it is consistent in quality and portion size something is lost in the translation flavor wise from a Jewish deli.
While they do better than most sandwich shops I prefer Miracle Mile locally or Greenberg's in Las Vegas.

Stepped in Friday early evening to try the Muffelatta.
OK I guess I had high expectations, cause the only other ones I've ever eaten have come directly from the grand daddy of Muffelatta's straight from New Orlean's, Central Market from the French Quarter.
This Verison of the sandwich that Jason's Deli made was a very West Coast approach to the sandwich.
I mean it had the olive dressing, and the meat reminded me a little of what the real ones are like, but not really in the same ballgame..
It was a little dry for my liking, and I wish the bun on it was a little more toasted.
But if you've got a really tight budget and want a sandwich to feed you for like 3-4 days order it, you can always alter the leftovers at home to your liking.
The Muffelatta was freakin huge.
Like 4 sandwiches in one.
Yes you can order the half for 3 dollars less but I like nibbling on my food a day or two later.
The sandwich was only $10, and came with a pickle and some ruffles potato chips, and a side, potato salad.
I probably won't order the huge sandwich again, just cause it was a little disappointing because I'm used to sorta standard on them, but wouldn't say it tasted bad at all.
For the price and the amount of food you get it's a pretty good deal..

I drove past this place a few times and never gave it much thought.
I was pleasantly surprised when I finally went inside and discovered a fairly large and pleasant restaurant.
I got the Sergeant Pepper sandwich - very tasty.
You get a lot of good food for a very cheap price.
I'm a fan.

So I went here for lunch today.
This restaurant is very clean and the salad bar is impressive.
They have a good selection of sandwiches, salads and my girlfriend swears the soup is the best ever.
I ordered a half BLT, a side salad (which I made from the salad bar) and a drink, which came to just a little of $10.
I guess for $10 I was expecting for my half BLT to be the best ever in the world.
It was just ok. Maybe I should try another sandwich next time.
I was expecting a little side salad and they gave me a pretty nice size salad bowl to make my own side salad, which by the time I was done making it, it was a full size salad!!
Lots of good stuff on the salad bar and I was impressed with the salad dressing selections as well as the cracker selection.
They had organic dressing and organic cracker's!
I will be going back to try the broccoli cheese soup that my girlfriend raves about.

I just love their nutty all mixed up salad.
Every time my boss is in town, he insists that we have lunch here.
It took me about 3 or 4 visits to find what I like..
I think I had a turkey wrap once, and a couple of other dishes (sorry I don't quite remember what..) but this is, in my opinoin, by far, their best dish that i have tried!
They have some great healthy options but it also will not take much to make a 1000+ calorie meal out of their dishes.
Give it a shot if you are looking for a healthy option.

This location is close to one of my work sites and we often walk the 4ish blocks to eat here.
On my last visit I decided on the Salad Bar with a small side of the Chicken Salad.
The Chicken salad was good, finely chopped chicken, pineapple and slivers of almond,  and a bit of mayo.
I enjoyed the flavor and gave me a good idea for those times I do cook at home.
The salad bar...well it was 1130 before the lunch rush and several of the veggie buckets were practically empty and the rush had not even started.
I picked at what they had, which was all fresh.
I can also never pass up these Cracker Crisps they have there, pre-packaged and topped with pumpkin seeds.
I find I seek a couple in my purse for my emergency ration.
LOL

I went here for lunch today with some coworkers.
It was about noonish and the lunch rush we beginning but I have to admit the line moved fairly quickly.
I ordered the ruben and it arrived in well under 10 minutes as did the rest of my partys' orders.
I'm giving this place 4 stars as a solid lunch spot, but saying they are a "deli" is kind of pushing it a bit.
They do have some deliesq food, but I just can't call it a deli.
I mean they have wraps, fru fru salads, pictures of Europe on the walls, a salad bar, etc.
For 10 bucks I got a pretty decent sized sandwich, chips, drink and some ice cream so I can't really complain.
The ruben though was just ok by my standards and the other sandwiches looked just ok as well.
The bread was ok, the helping of meat was ok, the sauerkraut was ok.  Everything was ok.
I just compare everything to Chompies which is the closest you can get out here to a real deli and by far my favorite deli sandwich place around.

I went with my husband and 2 kids.
I was pleasantly surprised.
It was very clean and the food was good.
The prices were reasonable.
Even my 7 year old liked her food.
I will definitely go back soon.
There were so many choices I want to try several things on the menu.

I had heard good things about Jason's.
We were in the mood for something different and on the lighter side.
I had already checked out the menu online and decided I wanted a Muffaletta.
I was a bit confused about the Special which includes a 1/4 Muff, ruffled Potato Chips and a pickle.
The cashier said you could have a go through the Salad Bar as the side.
The Salad Bar looked very fresh and that was what I went with.
Let's just say I hardly ate a light meal.
I made a huge salad and added some of their Potato Salad, Tuna Penne Pasta Salad and then got a desert plate and got some of their yummy Fruit Salad and some of the best muffins I have had in awhile.
The Muffaletta was huge despite being only a quarter.
The Salad was very fresh and the Fruit Salad was tasty as well.
The place was pretty slow, but it was an hour before close on a Sunday night.
The crowd was predominantly if not exclusively Gay on my visit.
I am not sure if this is typical.
I will certainly be back to a Jason's Deli soon.
I wish they would put one in Central Phoenix soon.

Dined here twice and that will be my last.
Had the Ruben sandwich, meat was very rubbery and sandwich was bland tasting.
Cost me about $10 for a sandwich , some potato chips and a drink.
Not worth it.
Probably better to dine at a sit down for that price.

I've eaten here numerous times for lunch.
The staff is very friendly and the place is clean.
What keeps me coming back?
The Chicago club and the Broccoli cheese soup.
This is some of the best broccoli cheese soup I've ever had.
I'll be keeping this place on my lunch destinations

Went there for dinner, the place was pretty empty.
Had a tuna melt and it was hella good.
But I think they are over priced

You will always find eye candy here during lunch!
Fire Fighters, business men and even some gym rats..
This is my weekday lunch spot when I am sick of Sweet Tomatoes and cheap Souper Salad has grossed me out too much.
I love their clean and unique items on the salad bar, Artichokes, hardboiled eggs, sliced almonds, bean salad, pasta, granola, nut mix, hummus Yes Hummus!!
all the must have veggies except beets I with they had those.
You have to pay extra for the soup I can honestly say I have never had it but they always have about 5 or 6 soups to choose from a day.
When I feel like something more than just a salad I choose the Mediterranean wrap with the turkey on the side(I take it home for my dog because I am a pescatarian), then I get the steamed veggies for a side.
If I dont feel like a pig after the massive salad I create I head to the frozen yogurt and grab a cone and take off.

Friendly service is just the beginning.
The food is good, I have not been disappointed yet.
Try the chicken chili.

I ate here today.
I ordered a "Mediterranean" wrap.
It was okay, except for the fact that I had to send it back and have it remade due to the 3 curly brown hairs adorning it as a garnish.
That was pretty sick, but the staff was really nice and I liked the fact that they had low calorie options.
All in all, it is a commercial space, nothing unique, but a decent place for a casual lunch.

Jason's Deli is a place I go when I need to get out of my rut of Sweet Tomatoes or Chipotle.
I normally get the salad bar and soup.
The salad bar is pretty decent, it has all the stuff you can get at any salad bar.
The french onion soup is good.
I would like a little more onions and for it to be a tad bit hotter but all in all it is tasty.

I love their ham & salami muffaletta-- the toasted sesame seeds on the bun and the tapenade are two of my favorite parts of it.
I also love their buttery toast crisps and soft serve ice cream, both of which are complimentary with the meal.

Disappointed!
This place is a half step up from a Subway.
I sure it's ok for those who have not had the experience of a true New York Deli.
The confusion of where to place an order was the first thing I noticed, as well as the next three unlucky customer's.
A deli that does not serve fries; what's up with that?
Sorry Jason's Deli, you flunked the test.

OMG on the natural grilled chicken sandwich they use PEPPER which is not part of the description.
I like pepper but in moderation this was way too much.
If this wasn't part of a catered lunch I would be taking it back.
If its not on the description don't put it on!!!

1st time here and have to say the food is good.
The only real complaint I have is the portion size of the food.
Most other places have bigger portion sizes then here.
The place looked nice and the staff was pretty friendly.
Clean and bigger then I thought.
I ordered the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich with pickel and chips.
Taste wise, it was delicious with its guacamole and bacon.
There was big pieces of chicken with excellent flavor.
Not really a big fan of wheat bread, but it was also pretty good.
Overall........I'll be back with the family and try Porboy Sandwich.

One of the spot my coworkers and I go to for lunch.
We usually try to get there before 11am (weekdays) to beat the rush from all the Corporate places near the MetroCenter.
The deli sandwiches are good.
I usually stick to getting the Amy's turkey-O.
If you plan on substituting a side, make sure you tell them because the cashiers don't normally ask and you'll be stuck with chips.
The salad bar here is very decent for the price.
Don't forget to get ice cream on the way out!

Great sandwiches and salad bar!

Jason's deli has a great atmosphere and even better food.
Their muffalattas are straight out of new Orleans, and their salad bar has a fantastic variety!

My wife and children often to to Jason's to eat.
We like it because after we finish we feel welcome to just sit there for a hour and talk.
This night it was just my wife and I along with a take out for my son and his wife.
This was our first time or at least for me to visit this location.
We usually go to the Arrowhead location.
When we got there the place was very cold.
a couple of tables of people had their hoodies up because of the cold.
I believe it was almost colder inside than out side.
The air conditioner was on because you could feel the cold air coming from the vents on your head.
It was not that they did not know it was cold as everyone that came in reminded them how cold it was inside.
We would of left if it had not been for the order for my son and his wife.
We figured we could leave our coats on and eat quickly and leave.
Which is what we did.
My wife got the chicken pot pie soup.
She usually gets this at the other Jason's.
It came to the table to cold to eat.
It was sent back to be heated.
My sandwich was good.
I will be back to Jason's just not this one.

Great sandwiches..alot better than any Subway or Quizno and they have real fresh brewed ice tea, not fountain head, pre-bagged yucky tea..
Sometimes it packs pretty quick during the week, so try to get there before 11am..

I loooove this place!
I'm surprised it has mediocre reviews - I've never had a bad dining experience here.
Well, if you decide to go, order the Mediterranean Wrap... all you need to know is that it's made with HUMMUS!
You also get a trip to the salad bar (which consists of tons of goodies) when you order the lunch special.
The girl at the counter is sweet, too... she helped me with my mess of an order (as usual) and substituted everything I wanted.
Repeat customer, most def.

Went to Jason's today for a salad.
I ordered the taco salad and expected a green salad with a bit of meat, beans, and salsa.
What I got was a bowl with blue corn chips and a huge scoop of chicken chili and a few lettuce leaves.
No way in hell should this be called a salad!

I haven't eaten at Jason's Deli in a few years, and I felt like doing something different this afternoon for lunch, so I swung in here.
I went with the Yankee half sandwich, French onion soup and a drink, which was quite tasty.
I also got free ice cream at the end!
I don't remember them having free ice cream the last time I was here, but dang, that was good.
Overall the place is good.
It's not a traditional Jewish Deli since they don't offer a lot of Jewish foods, such as Gefilte fish, borscht or anything like that.
The sandwiches are big and tasty, plenty of items to choose from and they seem to have a decent salad bar as well.
Overall I liked it here.
Not a half bad place.
I will say the staff was nice and friendly, but I got kind of annoyed after a while.
Why do you ask?
Well for starters, I'm sick to death of being asked to "fill out a survey" when I'm placing my order to "tell you how I'm doing  UM NO.
I yelp about it, and that's my input.
I'm not signing up for your stupid survey online to win a free cookie/gift card/dumb thing because you want my feedback.
QUIT ASKING.
Secondly, I got asked no less then 5 times by 3 different staff members how my meal was going.
Please, quit interrupting me every 5 minutes to see how the last bite of food was.
IT GETS OLD.
Once or twice?
SURE.
5 times?
STOP IT ALREADY YOUR BEING ANNOYING.
I want to sit here, read my book and enjoy the simple respite of having a meal cooked by someone else.
I don't need half the staff circulating hovering over me and my food to make sure that every single bite was scrumptious.
I DEDUCTED ONE STAR FOR THIS ANNOYING PESKY BEHAVIOR.
Like I said, if something's wrong, I'll tell you.
But more importantly, I don't need to be asked 5+ times if it's going well.
Overall, I like it here.
Standard fare deli with a decent reliable menu with good pricing.

I love Jason's Deli, and have never had an issue with this location.
It's always clean, and the employees are friendly.
I've never had to wait a long time, or gotten a wrong order.
Whenever I have the time to sit down for lunch, Jason's deli is one of the first places i'll choose!

Staff are very friendly,food is always fresh and refilled.
I wish they would have some type of customer loyalty discount or coupons.
Great menu variety and great clean atmosphere.
Pricing could be more competitive..

I have eaten here and at the Chandler location many times.
Love the veggie wrap and husband loves everything opposite.
High top tables are very nice.
Give high marks to service and food.
Always count on Jason's!

Visiting from out of town.
Although we live near a Jason's deli, I have never eaten at one.
I had the "special" pot roast and provolone on French bread.
It was outstanding.
Reduced by one star based upon the limited guidance provided by the waitress when asking what food was good.
I was also not asked if I preferred baked vs regular chips (I would have preferred the former but received the latter).

Good food here.
I love the fact that the line is never that bad, the salad bar is fresh, and the rueben is exactly the way it should be.
I had lunch here with a client today, and I have to say the staff at this particular Jason's deli was very helpful.
I even had a worker come up to me and ask if I wanted something to drink when he saw I'd been waiting a while for my appointment to show up.
That is the kind of service that's going to make me choose JD's over another sandwich place.
The free ice-cream definitely isn't a bad touch either.

LOVE this place!
Tried it for the first time, I went in and told the lady that I'd never been there before and she explained all the menu options and even recommended a few things.
I LOVED their selection I appreciated her friendliness.
Everything looked great, everything I had that day tasted great!
Definitely a place I'll frequent!

Went here yesterday with the family to have dinner and it was my first time at this location.
I had eaten at the Jason's Deli near Arrowhead Mall may times before.
This location was definitely less busy, which can most likely be due to it's location at Metro Center Mall.
The set up was the same as all Jason's Deli locations.
The staff was friendly and was ready to take my order right away.
I ordered the deli club, which like other Jason's locations was a bit over priced at $8.
After I ordered I attempted to find a place to sit down and I was a little off put by the number of tables that hadn't been cleaned and whipped down.
Then when I did find a seat it was in an area where the sun shinned through the window right on me.
There were window shades but they did little to help.
When my food came to the table it was right in par with the food I've had at other Jason's Deli locations.
The food was good and the free ice cream was nice.
In all the food was good, but a little over priced.
The dinning area was unpleasant and dirty.
I will be back to Jason's Deli but not at this location.
I'll stick to one at Arrowhead Mall.

This is one of my favorite salad places.
Everytime I go the customer service is on point.
The staff at this location is amazing.
I always get the half sandwich and the salad bar.
To my suprise the salad bar is always nearly kept and packed with fresh ingredients.
I eat hear about 1 timer per week.
The peaceful atmosphere is relaxing and easy to enjoy.
Keep up the great work Jason's deli!

