Plan A - Let my eyebrows grow out a bit so I can reshape them.
Do you have any idea how hard it is to let them go?
Well, they didn't fill in the way I wanted, so... Plan B - See an expert.
I had always done my brows myself, but had read about Patricia, the owner of Brow Boutique in a magazine.
She was described as being an expert at finding the perfect shape for each person's face and I thought it was worth a try.
Well, it appears she is so popular that she is regularly booked 1-2 months in advance.
However, after a few calls I was able to fill in for someone else's cancellation.
Her shop is about a block from the LV Premium Outlets.
It is a one-woman operation in this very cute space with girly, shabby-chic touches to make customers feel comfortable.
The whole process probably took 30 minutes and I felt completely pampered.
She shaped and tinted my brows for $60 and wow, I love it!
I hadn't thought she would be able to make such a change, but I am very happy with the results and will definitely be returning.
If you have never had your brows done, I highly recommend it.
And that goes for the guys, too.
There was a gentleman finishing up his appointment right before mine and I say kudos for being well groomed!

Patricia owns The Brow Boutique and is the best at shaping and waxing eyebrows.
I have been to tons of places around town before I found Patricia and made The Brow Boutique my regular stop.
Tips for first appointments.
Call now!
She can book up 1 month in advance.
Try to let your eyebrows grow in a bit before your first visit so Patricia can have something to work with.
She accesses your face shape and natural eyebrow shape before coming up with your new perfectly sculpted shape.
Appointment s usually take 20-30 minutes as she understands your needs, plucks, waxes, trims and tints.
*Note* Bring cash or checks.
She doesn't take credit cards.
Patricia herself is very easy going and friendly.
She makes you feel very comfortable during the entire appointment in her adorable chic studio space.
Now that I am a regular, its almost like catching up with a friend.
No problem.
She also provides other services and sells cosmetics.
My friend makes the visit a one stop shop and gets a facial, leg wax and eyebrow wax.

Fabulous!
Patricia did an amazing job shaping my brows to frame my face.
I will definitely be returning!

Patricia is a God or sent from the Gods take your pick.
Brows are her specialty.
She can make anyones brows look fantastic.
My mom barely has brows and they are light blonde to boot.
I don't know how she did it but she gave my mom these awesome brows.
Like where did those come from?
This woman is a miracle worker.
She has a recession special right and is only charging $40 for brows instead of her usual $60.
She does an awesome job on my brows too.
I have a lot more to work with though, that's why I was so amazed at how my moms turned out.
She also does facials and chemical peels.
I've had both and they are great and very affordable.
Her facial is the best I have ever had.
It was so good that I almost couldn't relax just kept thinking what the hell have all those other facials been?
Omg I can't believe how good this is.
After the first one you will be addicted so be prepared.
She said she put all the things she liked best about a facial in hers.
Well it worked.
She hit it outta the park with this one.
The Brow Boutique is in the Holsum Bread Building basically Charleston and I-15.
Drive around back and enter through the back door she will be right around the corner.
She has a small adorable waiting room and then a separate room she works in.
Don't be too early she usually will have a client before you and keeps the door locked.
She is a one woman show and locks the door so she can concentrate on you.
I've never had to wait long she leaves plenty of time between appointments.
Call now she does get booked up.
She is really helpful making sure you get in when you need to and calling if she has a cancellation etc.
She has worked late to get me in when I needed it.
She is the sweetest, most down to earth person.
I love going to see her, totally makes my day.
You're either a brow person or your not.
If you're not then paying $60 to get your brows done seems kinda crazy.
If you are a brow person you will pay that, drive across town and wait a month for an appointment with excited anticipation.
Trust me it will all be worth it.

Loved the place but is impossible to get a hold of them.
This is why the place gets 3 stars instead of 5.
Small place but Patricia the owner is very good w eyebrows.
Wish  they answer the phone though..so weird

