You know, I don't go out of my way to hit up Los Cerritos, however I make sure to stop if I'm hungry and I happen to be in the vicinity.
Just yesterday I had an Egg, Potato, Bean and Cheese burrito for about 4 bucks and it was well above average.
It wasn't too greasy, and the eggs were even fried (as opposed to scrambled) and fried is what I prefer - score.
The tortilla was very fresh, and thinner rather than thicker.
it was a good weight, and it took a good 7 or 8 minutes to prepare even though the place wasn't busy - which is good because it means I'm most likely not going to get sick later due to undercooking; I'm always suspect when I get things too fast.
Also worth noting, the man behind the counter was very friendly and thorough, and accommodated a special vegetarian request I had - hold the bacon, add beans.
Service with a smile always makes me happy:)

You know, I gave this place another try and I don't think I'll be going back.
My burrito was greasy in a not-so-good way, which should not have been the case considering there was nothing in there that should've caused this.
As much as I'd like to give these guys a chance to change my mind again, I don't think I can do it - mainly because there is no pride in keeping the dining area tidy.
Its the least a burrito joint with a 15x15 dining area can do.

I was suprised this place is way better then philumberto and all the other .....umberto's places!
I got a carnaesata burger witch was amazing!
And I got a chicken burrito!
The place was clean it's not a high end resturant and some people may think it's dirty because people have wrote on the walls, when I was there it was very clean nothing on the floors or tables.
The food is inexpensive and good!
I think I found my quite little mexican spot when I come to visit here!

Average to good food if you're hungover or drunk.
Haven't eaten there on any other occasion so can't speak to that.
Might have given them three stars had it not been for the STUPID ASS CURB that extends PAST the drive through window on your right therefore forcing you to drive your car along the left side of the road like we're in god damn England.
I LIVE IN AMERICA, LOS CERRITOS!
I INSTINCTIVELY VEER MY CAR TO THE RIGHT SIDE OF ANY ROAD I'M ON.
PLEASE DON'T BLOCK MY NATURAL PATRIOTISM WITH A GOD DAMN FOUR INCH PIECE OF CONCRETE.
So yeah, if you haven't guessed, I romp that curb every time I go through the drive through there and it moderately irritates me.
Service is slow.
Hot sauce is weak.
Two stars is all they get.

Come on late night snacks.and.food.are perfect.after.a long.night of.partying...this place is perfect...not.only for.late.night but for anytime but.it tastes best after a fun partying.night...i love the breakfast burritos, super nachos and carne asada fries...yum yum...so bad for you but so worth it because it tastes so good...i love it...its open 24 hours so you can go anytime.day or night...this is also by the perfect place for next.day hangover...good and.greasy food always helps...just make sure you do not have an upset stomach first cuz.then it will mot help.lol...gotta love it

One of my big pet peeves is when people review restaurants and bitch about how dingy, etc.
it is before talking about what's really important.
the food.
After all, you can see what you are getting into from the parking lot and ya still went in!!!!!
My pet name for places like Los Cerritos is 'El Divo', pronounced with a loooong 'i', and one of the things you can usually count on from little dives is great food.
Los Cerritos doesn't disappoint.
We pulled into the drive-thru yesterday morning, ordered breakfast and were treated to cheesy melty goodness wrapped up in fresh flour tortillas.
My Bacon-Egg-Cheese Burrito had more bacon than anything else in it, a two fisted fattie just waiting to be crowned with green sauce.
J's steak and egg burrito looked just as good.
He asked me if I wanted a bite and with eyes glazed over I looked at him and said "naw, I'm doing just fine here on my own..." The dog drooled as we drove away, two hungry Mexican foodie fans quietly chewing their way to Nirvana.
P.S.
that trip to Nirvana is available anytime thanks to the giant "OPEN 24 HOURS" sign you can see from a block away ;-)

Never had worse customer service in my life.
Have received to-go orders on numerous occasions that were wrong and they have absolutely refused to rectify the situation.
Thank God for the many options surrounding them as they will never receive the business of myself or anyone in my family again.
Armando's is my new home.
Los Cerritos lost a very loyal customer today.

Los Cerritos is conveniently located on the corner of 40th street and Indian School Road, just north of The Vig (original), in an old KFC building.
It's not much to look at from the outside or inside, but who cares, this is not a dining destination, this is a "get a fix" place.
I like this place because it is nearby, not too expensive, delivers a consistent product and fills a niche.
The menu here is no different from any other place of this genre, but what sets it apart is a. it's an independent, local business and b. the employees are always nice - even to gringos.
When I make this point, I remember an early morning visit to a "Rolibertos" just north of Gay Dennys.
I stopped in there one morning to get a BB and the place was packed with sketchy looking people with bandannas and attitudes.
I waited about ten minutes before it became quite apparent that nobody wanted me there, outside or inside the restaurant.
You will not get this feeling at Los Cerritos.
Often we decide we want some local food, and we all have our favorites.
The youngest gets chicken soft tacos, the older one gets a carne asada burrito, the wife, a bean tostada with guacamole and myself, either super nachos or a chimi plate.
We've never been dissatisfied with the offerings.
The items are stuffed with plenty of meat and garnishes, the guacamole is (usually) quite fresh and everything is tasty.
Nothing is too spicy that it will put you off, but then it's not totally touristized either, it's just a good.
solid neighborhood place.
Our typical ticket will run us about $25 for all that - not much different from any other of these type of places.
The dining room is nothing to brag about, it was a tiny, old KFC and the booths are from the original owner.
They have since remodeled somewhat, reducing the size of the counter so they could make the dining room bigger, but the ambiance is still the same.
Ordering from the drive-through speaker is reminiscent of a scene in "Dude, Where's my Car" - especially when you start adding in the special orders from my daughters, i.e.
no tomatoes, no this, no that, and the language barrier.
I finally saw why when I went inside to order, the speaker inside is from an old room to room hailing system and the audio quality sucks - feel for the guys that take the orders.
However, the people are very nice and we often simply pull up to the window to clarify the order.
Kudo's on them for that.
Los Cerritos is a good, solid, economic dinner fix when you gotta get it fast and you are not looking to push any boundaries.
That is, unless you've never had menudo.

I amazes me about how people complain about a curb or the size of the place, this is about food dummies.
And the food is good and the prices are cheap for what you get, which is a lot.
The breakfast burritos are more than enough to fill you up and the nachos will also fill you up in one sitting.
Good food, nice people serving and cooking your food.
I live in this place, do go and enjoy the food, forget the rest.

Think of it like all of the Albertos, Albertacos, Ralibertos and the rest of the restaurants with the same menu and flavors.
We love all of these restaurants - but this one didn't give enough rice in our burrito (we ordered a bean, rice and cheese burrito, but it was by far beans - disappointing).

Los Cerritos is a staple of my neighborhood.
I was born and raised in Phoenix, and I moved away four years ago, and every single time I come back my first stop is this little Mexican food joint.
I cannot be in Phoenix for more than one hour without swinging through the drive through window for the Chile Relleno Burrito.
DO NOT MISS THIS!
It is the perfect balance of chile, cheese, and sauce wrapped up in a warm tortilla, and it is extremely reasonably priced.
It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside the service is quick and easy and the food is good and cheap.
What more could you want?

1 of D best mexican pleases in this town alittle jem burritos, Menudo is great

There are a million of these stupid burrito places, and they all taste the same.
Unfortunately for this place, they always screw up my order, and don't really seem to give a shit.
I always order the cali burrito, which is a carne asada burrito with french fries in it(use sparingly, kids).
Its always wrong... still tastes good, but something is always missing.
anyway.
2 stars

Los Cerritos serves up the best California Burrito in the area!
The burrito itself is HUGE and stuffed with well-cooked and seasoned carne asada, potatoes, grilled onions, melted cheese, and some herbs and seasoning that make this like no other burrito.
All this in a freshly made tortilla for only $4.99!
When we have a craving for Mexican food, we'll drive past the several other closer restaurants to visit Los Cerritos because the burritos are that good.
I wasn't too impressed with the crunchy shredded beef taco, but the rice and beans were good and the lettuce was fresh.
Now, I just stick to the burritos because they know how to make a mean burrito!
Like Roland W. and Stephen B. mentioned, sure this place doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't judge until you've tasted the food.
The staff here are always friendly and take their time preparing the meal (not just thrown together in 30 seconds in a tortilla like they do at the fast food chains).
Los Cerritos is a small casual restaurant that serves up some tasty Mexican food!

Many say these drive thru Mexican food (allegedly) all taste the same.
Maybe, but Cerritos people are awesome, they have milanesa prepared how u want it.
My favorite: California burrito w/pollo asado!

