Nice staff and the coffee is better than Starbucks.
I go here a few times a week and most of the people working there remember my drink and my name.

This place SUCKS!!!
I will take my business elsewhere!
Rather than posting no smoking areas, placing something on the tables, or placing tables and chairs that are outside away from no smoking areas they let patrons sit down OUTSIDE and send the NO SMOKING POLICE in the form of a custodian out to inform you that you've got to move.
There was NO indication that you were in their "imaginary" no trespassing area.
I don't think that I violated their rules when they were explained.
This made their bitter and overpriced drinks worse.

I love coffee bean!
I don't drink coffee, but I LOVE their iced teas!
My favorites are the bluberry pomegranite and the apricot Ceylon.
They have a 32 oz size that is only 75 cents more than starbucks' 20 oz!
The people are always friendly and happy to help.
The patios are nice as well.
Oh, and D K., they don't have to post signs about no smoking.
It's Arizona LAW that you can't smoke within 25 feet of a public building.
So don't blame them because you don't know the laws.

Love the Japanese Cherry iced tea.
Yummmm!

It's a chain, but feels less like one than Starbucks.
Kind of.
Friendly staff, decent prices, but the really noteworthy part...
DARK CHOCOLATE mocha drinks...
yummmmm!!!
I loved sipping my huge, coffeeshake for grown-ups and trying to figure out the trivia question of the day.
A nice alternative to the ever-growing giant SB.

The staff was very nice, efficient and friendly.
The place was very clean and interesting.
They are getting only two stars because the Iced Chai Tea Latte I got was mostly water.
It would have been stronger had I filled a glass with ice, poured the tea over it and let all the ice melt.
I don't mind paying $4 for a small glass of Tea (Okay, I do mind, but obviously I'll do it anyway!
) but I do expect it to actually be Tea and not barely flavoured water.
I'll go back and try again but for now two stars is all I can give them.
Oh and their chairs can also double as torture devices.

I love Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf because their owner didn't sell my NBA basketball team to Oklahoma City.
I am originally from Seattle so I am very disappointed the Starbucks owner sold the Sonics so I boycott Starbucks as much as I can.
Coffee Bean is a nice place inside and the coffee is great and cheaper than that other giant as well.
I just wish they had more locations as there isn't one close to my house.

I usually order a chai tea latte but at this location it seemed to be lacking in flavor.

I was pleasantly surprised, not expecting much from a chain.
The baristas were the standout - yesterday the brunette girl was super sweet, and also wonderfully patient with a group of kids who came in (not sure what for, but they took up 10 minutes with a presentation of some kind).
The girl I had today had a beautiful half sleeve tattoo, and she won me over to Coffee Bean permanently - I did the most irksome thing possible and paid for $4.50 with quarters, and not only was she patient and smiling, she even commented that "I love doing that, it doesn't feel like you spent any money now!
"  SHE GETS ME, MAN.
If anything gets me to be a loyal customer, that's it.
The coffee was great - The hazelnut latte was wonderful, not overpoweringly hazelnut sickly sweet syrupy gross, but a perfect mix of coffee, milk frothed to the right consistency, and hazelnut.
The dark chocolate latte was also good, though a little thin - oh well, can't win 'em all.
It's quiet inside, great for studying or working.
I love the board they have full of military support and letters thanking them for sending coffee to the troops.
They also have a selection of tea that all look wonderful.
Only minus 1 star (wish I could deduct half a star, it's so minor) is the layout - coffee comes out at the far end, not the front like it appears.

My wife and I have been coming here for a while, great friendly staff.
Great variety of coffee and tea flavors.
The ice blended drinks are great on HOT summer days, the kids like cookie and creme or the vanilla ice blended with out coffee.

Not a ton of seating, and very, very slow internet (and internet policy), but very nice people and decent coffee and bagels.

Wow, as a Starbucks person generally, I was pretty impressed with this Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.
The Cashier was friendly and talkative, which made me feel quite welcome even thought I'm not a regular.
The baristas were quick and the pumpkin latte gave Starbucks a real run for its money.
Most importantly, everything was clean-- from the "condiment" bar to the wands of the espresso machine (a bit of a "must" for me).
I'm going back!
Starbucks might have to up it's game to get me back!

Staff was super sweet and nice.
Lots of good customer service here.
They tried and tried to make me something I'd like, but ultimately nothing was right.
Some times you just want a Coca-Freakin-Cola and nothing else will do.
Having said that, I would have put them at a solid three stars, maybe four based solely off of the cleanliness of the store and super accomodating staff.
But... No sooner did I give up on them then the rest of the people in my party admitted they had tried to like their drink and just couldn't finish them.
I think this place has lost its way trying to compete with Starbucks.

Super friendly customer service, clean atmosphere and AWESOME MILITARY DISCOUNT!
We will be regulars:)

I love this place!
Everyone is so friendly!
The manager Jay is awesome!
Unfortunately due to my financial situatuion, I am not able to go as often as I would like to, but when you do go, everyone is just great!
Best coffee, tea & service!

Consistently delicious drinks as well as great service.
Love their patio on a day like today to catch some rays...what am I having today ?
A foamy double cappuccino and it is perfect!
I like the fact that CBTL doesn't have the drama that Starbucks has or the burnt coffee for that matter.
For a company that has been in business for 50 years, I find that CBTL does an admirable job with their espresso preparations and their customer service.
On other visits I've had their Belgian waffle toasted with Nutella and it was to die for...don't even want to know the calorie count of that sweet delicious wonder.
My only wish ?
that CBTL would be closer to my house so  I could go there more often and that their pastries would look a little more appetizing....

Probably won't come back.
Not horrible, just not good.
Had to ask for something they forgot to make.
It happens..
But when you're paying, it shouldn't.

Very happy that this coffee shop is on my way to work.
Drinks are made very well and the staff is always friendly.
My complaints are that the chairs are quite uncomfortable and the food doesn't look appetizing.
I've only tried two things but will never get any of the food again.
The coffee is what keeps me coming back!

Love, Love, Love Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf!!!
The staff at the Cave Creek store is soooo friendly and awesome!
Their drinks are reasonable and delicious in comparison to Star Bucks!
I do my best to stick with Coffee Bean because I feel the quality is better!

When people found out I had a Starbucks addiction and had never heard of The Coffee Bean, I was urged to check it out.
First off, I hate these reviews that say "for a chain" or "I hate chains....blah, blah, blah" STOP GOING TO THEM THEN!!
These people annoy me.
Go make Folgers at home.
It's like, if you ran a small ma-and-pa shop and people ended up loving it and you opened more should people just stop buying what made you succeed?
Stop trying to be different.
It's okay to like coffee from a Starbucks or Coffee Bean.
Anyways, probably should've said that in a blog post but I had to get it out.
To be honest, I couldn't tell the difference between this place and Starbucks.
The patio/counter/coffee and pastry selection all looked and tasted the same.
I had a medium Americano and I couldn't taste any difference.
Also, the girl working here that took my order didn't get the memo to smile this particular morning so that sort of ruined it for me right away.
Not saying I wouldn't go back, but I'm an avid coffee addict and nothing stood out here to make me a believer!

Favorite place to meet clients.
Consistent, clean, friendly staff.
Perfect for selling insurance!

My regular satellite office spot.
Great Americano, black.
No calories and perfectly brewed every time here.
Drew is the one of the most friendly customer service reps out there.
Keep paying him well, Coffee Bean.
He's one of your best assets.
It's amazing how different two locations in the same chain can be.
It all comes down to customer care!
The location on Cave Creek road simply has better management that pays closer attention to customer care and product delivery.
They deliver the perfect cup of joe every time.
I can't say that about other CB&T locations.
Keep up the good work Cave Creek Crew!

Wonderful!
Great service and a very nice homely feel!
10/10 will visit again!

Great coffee, awesome staff.. What else is there to say?

We go here over Starbucks now, which says a lot because I used to work at Starbucks and I roast my own coffee at home.
With tat being said, they are always quick and my beverage is always tasty.
I prefer this place because it is less crowded and I can get in and out quicker than Starbucks.

