After many months without a bite of sushi, I was excited to receive an invitation to join a friend for lunch at Hon Machi on Ray Road and Dobson in Chandler.
I arrived early to study the picture menu displayed outside the restaurant.
They  have lunch specials including 2 rolls for $8.95, which I happily indulged in last Friday afternoon.
The spicy salmon and Hon Machi rolls were outstanding!
In fact the Hon Machi roll was one of the best I've ever tasted!
There are plenty of options even for those who don't care for raw fish and seafood.
The best part of the setup is the lovely back patio, overlooking the pretty lake behind the restaurant.
Five stars well-deserved for outstanding service, delicious sushi and attractive decor and location.

This place serves fantastic sushi.
I've tried nearly ten different kinds at this point, and have always been delighted.
It's rarely crowded, has lovely outdoor seating, and some of the best and friendliest waiters I've ever encountered.
I wouldn't take more than about four or five people here as it isn't that big, but it's very well decorated and the many windows make it feel comfortably spacious.
The sushi selection is quite wide, so it's easy to find something you're certain to like, and the appetizers are cheap and delicious.
If they were in a more expensive location I'm sure they could charge much more, so enjoy the relatively cheap prices!
If you become a regular you'll be recognized and extra-welcome, which is good since if you like sushi you'll end up going back often.

We love Honmachi!
We must come here at least every other week.
Since my husband I are seekers of inexpensive and delicious places to frequent, Honmachi tops our list!
We always go during their happy hour which includes many rolls for half-off, provided you order at least 5 rolls.
There are many rolls to choose from the happy hour menu and we are always pleased with each one we try.
The Arizona roll is a constant favorite!
They will bring you a miso soup immediately after you order, which is great on those days we walk in so hungry!!
How often can two people have a great sushi dinner for less than $25?

I really like the owner, Jackie.
She is extremely friendly and outgoing, and she makes sure we always get the best sushi and service.
The sushi is fresh and there is alot to choose from.
Sometimes it may get really busy, but their staff tries to make sure our needs are met.
I love how it has that 'mom and pop', small restaurant feel and there is a nice view.
Since I am originally from the Bay Area, CA, I have a high expectation of sushi, and the food from here is practically the same thing.
Love it.

Good place, nothing bad to say.
I recommend it, anyone in the Phoenix east valley who likes sushi should try it.
I don't know if they were short staffed, if they're getting more popular, or if some employee flaked but they needed at least another sous chef or chef the Saturday night I went.
Details:  I used to eat sushi close to weekly but the past two years it's dropped off to about 3-4 times a year.
My tastes lean toward sashimi and rolls topped with fish (I'm not in to fried or cream cheese rolls).
I saw Hon Machi on Yelp and literally went because of the reviews and I recomend it.
Two friends and I went on a Saturday about 7pm, we sat at a table.
Other reviews said it's not crowded and I wouldn't call it that but the place was about a third full and one chef was not enough.
We waited a good amount of time to order and to get our order.
They tried to get some part of every tables' order out but with my tables different tastes that had two of us eating and one person just getting more hungry.
They did forget one dish we ordered but took it off the bill, no hassle.
The music was set to Sirius-Hits-One and was not overly loud, which was great because I'm not a fan of the crazy loud music at restaurants.
The place is nice, it's perfect for talking over dinner, or a date where you wana talk.
Do NOT sit by the back door to the lake/patio because the air rushes in hard ever time the door is frequently opened.
The two waiters were nice, as was the ?owner?, but again they were short staffed when I went.
I had a rainbow roll, which was good and better than most sushi places.
A crunch roll, basically spicy crunch tuna, fine/good.
A salmon sunrise roll which was the special and I liked it...one friend thought it was too spicy...I disagree (but I put wasabi on about everything).
We had edamame (good) and my friends had tempura vegetables (they liked em, not my thing).
The bill was about $60, all sushi and appetizers, so average $20/person.
I'll try it again maybe sitting at the bar by the chef instead of at a table.
Sunday has some kind of all you can eat deal, which is interesting but I don't know the details.
Happy hour sounds like it has good deals too.
Sitting out by the lake could be nice when the temp and service are right.
I was between 3 and 4 stars for this review, the order/serve time was a problem but I gave them the benefit because it was a nice place with good food.
If I go back and get the same service that will probably be it for me going here.

My wife and I went for dinner on Saturday night.
It was her birthday and she was eager to use a $25 Dollar Gift Certificate.
We love Sushi and we hadn't tried "Hon Machi Sushi".
The server was very nice and was very helpful which made it easy for us to overlook the "extremely" sticky table that had to be wiped down twice.
We are not that type of people and I was very reluctant to ask, however, it was so bad that i looked around to see if there was a camera crew ready to jump out and laugh at us.
My hand literally made a noise as I "pealed' it from the table.
With that said, I again, was pleased with the servers attempts to help.
On with the evening...
They displayed several types of Cold Saki and the one I DID want, which is a personal favorite, was really a Sample bottle for Display only.
Ok, I can dig that... time to order... Sushimi and Rolls all came out at the same time... we never were served the appetizers we ordered so I very nicely cancelled them... along with the plate of shrimp tempura and rice plate that my wife ordered and never received...   Ok, now, skip to the bill.
We rendered the $25 gift certificate at the time of the order... basically, we had to order $45 worth to get the $25 off.
We were then informed that the alcohol does not apply... ok...
I can understand that , but in looking at the bill to order the "5" dollars in food to put us up... we discovered that they were charging us for the things they didn't serve us ???
The appetizers and the main dish that never arrived... Ok, now my "keystone cops" radar is alerting me... we reluctantly order about 15$ worth of food and wait for it to go... we get the bill and it's not correct and we lost the will to fight it... we were double charged for the main dish..!!!!
we paid twice ...for something we never received.
By the way, food quality was "ok".
Service aside, I would not return for the Sushi... there are some fantastic Sushi Restraints within a stones throw that are much much better.
Voting with my Checkbook, no thanks in the future...   Don't fall for a 25$ certificate btw...

Very good sushi!
I think I have found a sushi place to frequent regularly now!
Everything was very fresh and creative.
It seems if you like spicy sushi, this may be a place for you, but don't worry it's not all spicy, they just have some great things to try that are spicy.
The sushi chef at the bar was friendly too!
This place is in walking distance of my place so I am definitely going to try their 5-7pm happy hour soon.
It is located right on lakeside property so you can also have a romantic dinner outside overlooking the lake, but probably want to save that for this fall :)

My all time favorite sushi place.
Very fresh, which is most important in a sushi resturant.
Combats sushi I've had in japan.
Owner Jackie is very sweet and always gives us a warm greeting.
Service has always been horrible and slow, which made me glad, so this delicious sushi place would be kept my little secret.
The last time I was in the service was quite a bit better.
If you're a big sushi fan like me, great taste overrides waiting a while for your drink or check.
Will keep coming back.

Love their sushi but wow, service can be slow and disorganized.
I've gone 6 times, average dinner time takes about 1 hr with 20 minutes of eating.
Sushi rolls come out one at a time and fairly slow.
See http://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-kee-tempe#hrid:hRO30ARaKzuPU9nuyvLnRg/src:self  I haven't been back to Hon Machi since.

I went on a scooter ride with a couple friends, and we decided to do a sampling of several sushi joints in the East Valley.
Shimogamo was our first choice, but closed for lunch during the weekdays with the exception of Friday.
So we did a quick Google search and found Hon Machi.
We entered the restaurant, and asked to sit on the patio.
It sits on the lake and has a beautiful view.
I think this restaurant could do a little more in the design part of their place; it's pretty old school sushi.
We ordered tuna, yellowtail, and salmon nigiri along with a crunchy spicy tuna roll, and eel nigiri for "dessert".
Everything tasted great, and the fish was fresh with excellent texture.
This place also has a great mid-week happy hour.
But don't be afraid to visit anytime because the food is an excellent value and cheaper than a lot of other places.

Any concerns about the speed of service should be tossed aside.
My family went on a Saturday night and quickly were served the best calamari I ever have eaten, outstanding rolls and melt-in-your-mouth sashimi.
Our server was outstanding, and a duck even walked over from the lake to say hello (and bit my finger).
My mom, who is allergic to avocados and let the server know it, was given a roll with (you guessed it) avocado in it.
But she loves Hon Machi so much she forgave the chef.

I'm surprised at some of the reviews of this place.
The service was okay.
The drinks were a little slow, but the time on food was fine.
There were only about 5-6 tables of people at the time I was there.
The food is mediocre, but not as bad as some of the other sushi bars in the area.
They make decent nigiri.
I didn't have any "signature rolls" or anything.
I had the agedashi tofu as well, it was pretty weak.
My biggest complaint was the cleanliness.
This is why I rated it as low as I did.
A sushi bar MUST be clean.
There was a big sticky ring right in the middle of the bar where I was sitting.
My allergies suck right now, but my wife said it smelled fishy.
The area behind the bar (and for some reason the ceiling above it) were far from spotless.
For me cleanliness is a deal breaker at a sushi bar so I will probably never return.
Of course the bathroom totally sucked as well.

I'm not sure why I've been to this restaurant more than once.
My last experience is how I decided to give it a 2-star, maybe I would have given them a 3-star based on prior visits.
(At first I was tempted to give it a 1-star but I reserve that rating for visible creepy crawlers, etc.
)  630 - We arrive to make sure we are in time for Happy Hour.
645 - Our order was taken  653 - Edamame and salad arrive (no utensils, napkins, water or beer).
The lower into the bowl of Edamame we get, the less fresh they taste.
655 - Napkins and utensils arrive.
We ask about our beer and water (it's Happy Hour, remember?!
) 658 - Water arrives, Happy Hour is over so they take away the menu.
702 - Beer arrives (Where are their priorities?
)  Then sushi arrives and it's mediocre or even worse than mediocre.
Maybe I should say, you get what you pay for?
Definitely not going back here.

I eat sushi every chance I get coast-to-coast.
I love sushi like a ginger loves sunblock.
I've had some mind-blowing sushi in the past 15 years and I've had some that was as bad as the midget standing waist high to your girlfriend telling her that her hair smells nice.
The decor wasn't bad at all in the place, I liked it a bit except for the 2 giant plasma TVs on a golf channel.
I hate that crap.
Either go traditional sushi bar style or go Scottsdale style.
People don't usually go to sushi bars to watch sports and it switches the focus away from the preparation on the sushi which is a great part of the experience in my opinion.
Once the waitress served us I ordered some edamame, miso soup,and  the seared tuna tataki.
The edamame was too soft, shriveled, and tasteless to eat.
I sent it back because I could make better myself in a microwave from the frozen foods at Costco.The tataki is something I ALWAYS order at every sushi bar that has it.
It's my fav dish if it's even done 1/2way right with fresh fish and the sauce is made well.
The Sake-bomber set ups came out but they didn't carry the mid grade cold sake I usually use for bombers so we got stuck with some hot sake that came out of a space bag box (The cheap crap)  I don't like doing bombers with hot, space-bag grade sake but I wasn't going to spend $40 on a bottle of good stuff for bombers and they lacked the option of a mid grade.
The tataki was cut too thick but this was to hide that the tuna was either old, hadn't been kept very cool, or been squashed.
It was thick slices and it was just falling apart.
Then there was the sauce.
Bland and watery as any sauce I've ever had.
Worst Tuna Tataki I've ever had and I've ordered that dish over 100 times in the past decade.
We ordered a bunch of different rolls, some were interesting but nothing that I'd bother to type about.
The service was crap all night and there were only 4 tables with people in the whole place.
Just a lack of caring.
We were all done with our food and had a enough beer left and almost enough sake to fill 1&3/4 of the 2 tiny shot glasses for the two of us to do 1 last sake bomb.
I asked the guy if he could top it off (It was out of a plastic tube so it couldn't cost much!
) and he laughed at me and blew me off.
I just spend $75 w/ everything at full price + tip in a 80% empty sushi bar with crap food and crap service and you can't come off less than a quarters worth of Sake so we can finish our last bomber?
LAME.

Come here whenver I'm craving a bento box for lunch.
Btwn letting my dining companion order whatever they want (how nice am I?
) and my 3 choice bento box (only $1 more than the 2 choice), there is plenty to share and variety.
Honestly I never order any sashimi/sushi here (not enough folks for me to trust turnover)...pork katsu, tempura (comes w/ 2 shrimp), and one of the rolls...

I'll start off by saying that I'm not a seafood fan, so I don't eat most sushi, but I love the Green Chili rolls they serve here (probably not available in Japan!
)  I come here a lot for happy hour, and enjoy the $5 Saki Bombers, as well as dining outside near the fake lake.
Always a great start to the evening...

I've been to Han MAchi a handful of times and decided to have my birthday party of 15 there.
I made the reservation at 11am the day of, providing my contact information at their request.
Upon arrival, the restaurant was busier than i had ever seen it and there were no tables available.
My party waited in the lobby for 30 minutes after my reservation time before some guests became restless and started to leave.
The staff scrambled to ask other guests to move to other tables and cram us into what tables they could scoot together.
There was one overwhelmed waitress trying to serve the entire table.
Dishes all came out at different times.
One guest was served an hour and a half before others.
They even brought out some mochi with a birthday candle in it for me before i received all my dinner.
Many guests canceled their orders after waiting for two hours.
They did not apologize or offer to erase any items from the bill to compensate.

Hon Machi or Sushi & Cocktails?
Well, whatever... "sushi place by Sprouts" is what we call it.
This is my neighborhood sushi spot.
This is the type of place you go for the fully cooked kind of sushi rolls (baked, tempura'd and the like).
Not really for the fresh fish type of sushi.
I love their baked dynamite roll here.
Not too many places make the sauce right.
Here, it's pretty damn good and plentiful.
Lots of scallops and krabs (yes, I'll admit I'm a fan of krab) with mushrooms smothered in dynamite sauce.
Tempura Calamari is also good.
It's lightly battered and seasoned with salt and pepper.
Yummy!
especially with tempura sauce.
I also like their Dragon Rolls, Las Vegas Rolls and plenty of other rolls.
Ooohh and the Lychee Martinis :)  I enjoy coming here every so often.
It's clean.
The staff is friendly.
It's close to where I live.
Parking is easy.
& the cost is reasonable.

I would have given this place 2 1/2 stars out of 5, but it was either 2 or 3, so..I went with two.
I'll go ahead and explain my reason for wanting to give 2 1/2 out of 5: It's because the food is great, but the service sucks.
First time I went, it was with my roommate, and a friend of ours who goes there all the time for big family dinners and big business dinners., and due to his frequency and the subsequent big spending, knows the owner, Jackie.
On our first visit, they greeted my friend by name, and the entire visit was stellar.
Food was great, service  was fantastic, and I quickly decided that Hon Machi was my favorite new sushi place.
I went back by myself a couple of weeks later, and while the food stayed great, service went completely downhill.
They seemed surprised and a little dismayed that I was there alone.
The server kept asking me is I was "sure" that no one else was going to join me.
Uhmmm..yeah, I'm pretty sure about that.
I was the only one in the place and the table they sat me at was filthy.
As in, sticky spots of what appeared to be soy sauce, and shriveled piece of edamame at the far side of the table, and a few rice kernels.
Seriously.
I'm the only one in the place and you sat me at THIS table?????
So, since the hostess hadn't sat me down with a menu (that's right-no menu) and disappeared right after she showed me to the table, I got up and got my own menu, and sat back down at a clean table.
They seemed put out by this until I pointed out the soy sauce edamame and rice on my previous one.
No apology, and they didn't even clean it off during my entire visit.
I placed my order for 2 rolls, one of which being the Las Vegas roll, which is always fantastic.
In fact, the food is always fantastic here, no exceptions.
After I was done with my 2 rolls, which came out 1 at a time, and took about 20-25 minutes for the first one, then another 20 for the second, they brought me the bill.
I decided to take some home to my roommate so I placed an order for a 3rd roll to go.
The server seemed confused by this, and went and got the hostess, to whom I explained that yes, I wanted another roll, but no, I didn't want to eat it here.
I'm taking it home for someone else.
If I had been ordering a roll that involved raw fish, I could understand their hesitancy, but, I was ordering a fully cooked, non-tempura'd roll, so the reason for their  puzzlement over this to-go order still eludes me to this day.
I went back a month or two later with another friend, and it was his first time there and we sat by the lake on their outside patio.
As per usual, the food was great, but dinner took over 2  1/2 hours because the service was so slow.
He ordered some yellowtail sashimi, but they delivered tuna sashimi instead, and w/o thinking, he started eating it.
He had never had it before and loved it, so when he was halfway done with it, the waitress came out and said "this should have gone to someone else's table" and started to take the plate away.
My friend said "That's fine, it actually tastes great, so you can just put it on the bill and I'll finish it.
" The waitress actually seemed upset by this!
It was already halfway eaten to begin with, and my friend even offered to pay for it(this has happened to me before in restaurants and they've never asked us to pay for something that was delivered accidentally) so..was she planning on delivering it to the table that ordered it or something????
I mean, it was her fault that we ended up with it to begin with.
So, she sighed really loudly so that we knew just exactly how frustrated she was with us and went back inside and the owner, Jackie, came out and we explained that yes, it was accidentally given to us, but, thanks to a stroke of luck, we liked it anyway, and would be happy to pay for it.
Jackie seemed to understand, and was fine with it.
At one point during the visit we hadn't seen our server for about 25 minutes, so I actually had to go inside and walk up to the bar with my empty glass and ask for a refill of my iced tea.
Another time I went in there alone just as they opened the doors for lunch, and the server really acted as though it was an inconvenience having me come in and sit down and order something.
Other than the owner, the staff is rather unwelcoming and unfriendly.
So, I give this place 2 1/2 stars out of 5 because out of most restaurants goal of great food and great service, they're getting it half right.
Luckily, it's the RIGHT half to keep me coming back.

Best sushi I have had so far!
So many to choose from!!
Spicy tuna, Vegas, Philly, Hot Lava, Shrimp Tempura, Fire Dragon; the list goes on!
Seriously don't be hesitant to try the variety because you won't want to stop!
And for lunch specials, I've been there twice for lunch and ate 2 rolls for the price of one!
Sweet success.
Try this place soon!

i love this place!
HAPPY HOUR  LOVE IT !!!!!!!

The Hot lava roll is amazing!!
Their happy hour is great, I recommend the Honmachi roll as well.
This family owned restaurant is always super friendly and welcoming.
This is my neighborhood go-to for sushi, the patio is nice & relaxing when the weather permits.
It does get busy, because the food is worth the wait!

The best thing I can say is, "interesting".
97% of the menu items are fried, not what I think of when I think sushi.
The Rattle Snake Roll was strange, fried in a tortilla, which I thought might be interesting.
That description was accurate.
It was edible, but not good.
The Chimichanga Roll was fried in tempura, making what would have been fine sushi into a warm, mushy, tuna casserole flavored center.
It got worse with every bite.
The Aloha had shrimp tempura and warm crab in the center, which made the raw tuna on the outside warm and undesirable.
We ordered a traditional sushi roll, desperate to salvage a mediocre night out from bad (cooked) sushi.
The "traditional" sushi we ordered (a Hawaiian Roll) was warm and bland.
So much for our sushi dinner.
The restaurant advertises as "romantic".
Well the lighting was dim, but it was about as romantic as a buffet-style restaurant, with similar dining room seating.
The tables were strangely sticky, probably from a cheap shellac coating.
The service was abominable.
Each time we wanted another beer we had to wave down the waitress(es).
There were two.
They might have been busy if the food could come off the line at more than a snail's pace.
The entree's came out one at a time, about 20 minutes apart.
The beer we ordered would sit on the counter for several minutes before they finally got brought to us, slightly cool, but not cold.
We only kept ordering them because we needed something to wash down the bad sushi.
If you dare try this place, do it during the lunch special where you can get two rolls for $10.
Do not waste your time with the restaurant.com discount, where you must spend $45 (excluding drinks) for a $25 discount with a forced 18% gratuity.
I probably would have only tipped 10% due to the poor service, and that much only because the waitresses were pretty.
Our $70+ dinner was reduced to $53 after the discount, but we could have gotten the same meal for $40 at the lunch special price, and half of that would have been alcohol.
And we would have called "uncle" much sooner, probably cashing out after the first two Rolls finally arrived... one at a time.

Highly disappointed.
When you walked in one side of the restaurant was like someone's house, complete with high chair and papers stacked up.
Food was good, but the service was bad.
We waited, and waited, and waited some more.
Our waitress wasn't very friendly and ignored us.
We had to hunt her down a few times.
When I asked to speak to the manager, the manager only apologized and told me I shouldn't leave a tip.
That's not good business.
I despise  this kind of service.
Will never go there again.
There are so many other options.

Ordered Mango and Avocado Salad and Aloha Rolls.
The salad is a bit salty but overall is OK. Aloha Rolls are very nice.
Will go there again for Sashimi Salad and other sushi.

I read the reviews and went to Hon Machi with a bit of trepidation (and my Restaurant.com coupon in hand).
It is in a strip mall, but, when nicer weather finally arrives, there is a lovely little patio out back.
It overlooks a lake.
Some of the twinkle lights are out, but maybe they'll get them fixed up.
I can see why some would complain about stacks of papers, etc.
It IS like their home.
But they also welcome regulars and are so sweet to children.
That was nice to see.
Our main gripe was the godforesakenHEAT.
It was like the air was broken.
They had set up fans, but that isn't enough.
After some time we acclimated and stopped sweating.
Our other complaint is the oddly sticky wood tables.
You know when they get cleaned but they still feel tacky?
Yuck.
Our server (a young lady) was prompt when greeting us, refilling beverages, etc., and she kindly explained the details of the coupon to make sure we were clear on minimums and gratuity (we can read so we knew all that, but it was nice they made the effort).
On to the food!
The starter garden salad was huge and included sliced avocado.
It was delish!
We both got one.
We also got goyoza, which was just ok.
I got a rainbow roll.
I could smell a little eau de poisson, which always makes you wonder if your dinner will come up later (it didn't, I can report).
My caterpillar roll, though, was incredible--not overly sweet with the eel sauce, just delicious.
Hubby got the tootie (not "toostie") roll, which was crunchy and amazing.
We also got a baked roll that was a bit mushy.
That could have been our fault ordering; we may just not be baked roll folks.
In the end, we thought it was a decent dinner, even with the heat.

Sorry guys, we are much bigger fans of the the Hon Machi on Alma School.
The service was horrible and the food was sub par.

Price was fair, but portions were smaller compared to other places.
Quality was mediocre but edible, nothing outstanding.
I would probably go somewhere else unless I was right in the area.
Not horrible, not great.

Great happy hour prices M-Thu for sushi, appetizers and sake bombs.
We always enjoy the satellite radio station bumpin' Old Skool R&B and new Justin Timberlake, wouldn't be the same without that ambiance.
The sushi is always satisfactory and tasty, never had a problem with it before.
If going within the final hour of happy hour, beware you might have to wait for a table.
And any time you visit beware of a wait as they seem understaffed and kind of slow.
But overall a great little spot we can walk to - so 5 stars for that!

I have been going to this sushi bar since 2005.
They do not always have the quickest service, but their happy hour menu is great and the sushi is always good!
Sitting on the patio is wonderful since they are right next to a lake - but you may often be forgotten by your server.
The music is obnoxiously rappy and not relaxing, which is why I often opt for the patio in the cool weather.
I have sometimes waited over an hour for my check, even after asking for it several times.
They go through waiters often, and the lack of attentiveness is frustrating.
For as long as I have been going to this restaurant, not a single person knows me there.
If it weren't for the sushi, I would not return to this location.

I have heard of this place and had never gone.
I recently went with a friend.
MOST AMAZING SUSHI.
Also have a wine saki that is awesome.

Food was decent, service was terrible.
What kind of sushi restaurant serves sushi without wasabi?
Let's just say this place is far from authentic!

I was going to write a review about "hey, maybe if you don't like waiting for cheap sushi, fuck off.
"  I've changed my mind.
Put in the order for sushi and an egg roll at 6:50.
Got the food at 7:30.
It wouldn't be such a big deal if you didn't see people who came in after you get their shit.
I'm an only child and this the one time I've felt like a foster child taken into a home that just wanted me for government money.
Here's the thing, I was all sorts of boozed up on the happy hour sake bomb at 7:30 when I asked for the check.
Oop!
Got a catch, I was soberly pissed off at 7:55 when I actually got the check.
So, here's the deal.
If you're in a time crunch, don't ever go.
If you like cheap drinks, check it out.
Decent sushi, cool specials.
Staff doesn't know how to handle more than 2 tables at one time.

Came in hoping to find a new sushi spot and definitely did not.
The place smelled like a bathroom.
Servers were in the middle of shift change and didn't know we were not being helped.
Table and menu were extremely sticky.
We asked to be moved outside and were refused.
Music was played from radio and really unsuitable for sushi place.
A couple bugs crawled on the table while we were eating the sushi and my girlfriend got a bit freaked out.
The only saving grace was that the sushi was pretty tasty for the price, but needless to say, I'd rather  eat at RA.
If you're looking for a good sushi place, try Stingray or, in the area, Sushi Eye or Mido (for cheap and quality).
Avoid this place like the plague.

Been there before, loved it.
Today went with my kids.
(something special)  Got there at 6:05pm.
Order taken at  6:15.
At 7:30pm got our first of eight dishes.
At 7:50 got one more.
At 8:20pm we still hadn't gotten any other dishes.
Decided to leave.
Kids hadn't eaten and after three refills of coke, they wrote me a bill of $50 bucks.
I asked to speak to the owner and she refused to talk to my wife and I.
In a nut shell, we won't be going back!
Rediculous!
Now i understand the negative reviews!
Don't take them lightly, they are VERY acurate!

FYI - it's called Hon Machi, not Han Machi.
I'm surprised by the two other reviews-  portions are small??
Same size as Kona, RA, Sakana, sushi eye, etc.
It is always full from 5-7 for happy hour.
The lunch special is $8.95 for two rolls and I get them to go all the time.
The owner, Jackie, is awesome and always friendly and helps out when it gets busy for the other servers.
The sushi  is fresh and delicious.
I really like mom-and-pop places like this.
It's nothing fancy but in the three years I've been going here it's always been great and never a disappointment.
My favorites are the Las Vegas roll and Hon Machi roll(both are on the happy hour special).

I've been here two times.
Once on a Sunday afternoon with my husband (all you can eat sushi) and once alone on a weekday during Happy Hour.
When I came alone for a quick dinner, it was packed.
I was surprised that my rolls came out within 5 minutes.
The happy hour prices are phenominal.
One of my all time favorite rolls is the Las Vegas Roll, and anywhere you go, that's always one that's in the higher price range, anywhere from $9-12.
It was $4.50 during Happy Hour!
Woohoo!
I got 2 rolls for $8.50!!
I'm definitely a fan and the sushi is delicious :)

We walked into this restaurant and noticed it had a strange smell.
My husband thought it smelled like a fish market, which is a tad better than my first thought, that it smelled kind of sewer-like.
Maybe it was due to the location of the restaurant, since it is right next to the man-made lake in Chandler.
Undaunted by our olfactory caution though, we headed in with a mission to use our Groupon and gorge on sushi.
Hon Machi itself serves up OK sushi, nothing too spectacular, although they do have an interesting selection of rolls to choose from.
Go here to get cheap sushi and appetizers, especially during happy hour, or to pig out on all you can eat sushi on Sunday and Monday nights (~$20 per person, limited selection).
We decided to go a-la-carte, and got a few rolls, and hamachi collar as an appetizer.
The timing was a bit off, since we got our more basic rolls first, while our appetizer actually came out with the 2nd set of rolls we had ordered.
I've never tried hamachi/yellowtail collar before, so I can't really gauge its quality compared to other restaurants, but here the fish was tender with good flavor.
The rolls themselves were just OK.  We got a selection of spicy salmon, spicy tuna tempura, and soft shell crab.
My favorite was the soft shell crab, and the least favorite was the tuna tempura because the rice ended up tasting gummy and mushy.
Service was good.
Our waitress was very attentive and constantly filled our iced teas as needed.
I'll definitely be stopping by here again to try out more sushi.
Hopefully it'll smell better next time I'm here!

Today I spent some good quality time at a hidden gem in Chandler...Chef Andrew was top notch, as well as the rest of the staff.
I had some of the best Yellowtail there is..this place is the truth!!
!..cheers to Hon Machi!!
!..see you soon

Went here Friday night with some friends.
We had the dragon roll, a king kong roll, and a crunchy spicy tuna roll.
They were very good, especially the dragon roll, but that may be I'm partial to dragon rolls.
The albacore was totally awesome, and I really liked the fresh water eel.
Tried a few other sushi and all were good.
They were moderately busy and service was nice and friendly, I got plenty of iced green tea.
Overall we had a good time and plan to return to try one of the all you can eat sushi nights.

This is a fantastic place for midweek happy hour.
We got 3 appetizers and 5 rolls for $30.
Service is a bit lacking during a big rush, but still very polite.

I really wanted to like this place.
The waitress was super friendly.
The patio seating was ideal with a beautiful evening patio view.
But when it really comes down to it, the food and drinks were the main reason my friend and I visited the place.
We decided to start off with some sake bombers, a Vegas roll and some freshwater eel.
Then, everything turned sour... *  It took about 30 minutes to get our food, which seemed a bit long considering there were not many other diners.
Thankfully, we had good conversation going while we waited.
*  They were out of Sapporo beer (my fave with sake).
*  Our Vegas roll was soooo greasy, I forced myself to have 2 pieces (thinking it was maybe just the first one).
We noticed the plate had a pool of oil/grease where the pieces we had eaten had been placed.
We couldn't even eat the freshwater eel or the remainder of the Vegas roll because we were so grossed out.
We simply drank the remainder of our drinks, paid our bill, left a tip (the waitress was very nice and it wasn't her fault the food was so horrible, right?
) and left to another bar/restaurant hoping it would redeem our wasted money/time the beginning part of the night.
I did mention we did NOT want to finish our sushi because it was so greasy.
The waitress simply apologized and took the food away.
I kind of felt something more on the behalf of the restaurant should have happened?
But maybe that's just me and what I would have done.
We will NOT be coming back and are in search of a local sushi restaurant that is up to par.
Will let you know if/when we find one!

Had some sushi here a couple of weeks ago and it was quite good.
It was probably the best philly roll i have ever had with a huge chunk of fish, not alot of rice, and the perfect amount of seaweed.
it wasnt cheap, but it was reasonable for the amount of fish.
True, the service is slow, but our waitess was nice.
As long as the server is nice and respectful, I do not mind slow service.

Cute little hole in the wall place , clean an cute decor ,great patio with a view and has an awesome reverse happy hour!
The tuna Tataki  is amazing!!

The service was awesome and the selections are outstanding.
The staff are friendly and they make you feel right at home.
The owner is outstanding and checks to make sure everything is correct.

Spicy salmon roll was best I have ever had.
The service was extremely slow and she forgot a few things.
Prices are decent.
If you have an extended lunch hour, check them out.

Ok best and freshest sushi you can get anywhere.
It's a hole in the wall place and not some chain place that uses a ton of rice to fill the rolls.
My husband and I will make a drive to go here.
It's beyond good.
Yes sometimes it can take awhile to get your rolls but that's cause it's usually one man making them all.
It's always consistently good and fresh.
I'm picky about sushi and this is amazing.
We normally get the fire dragon and another one which I can't remember the name.
But the spicy tuna is so so so fresh.
I love it.
We have been there at least 4-5 times in the past two months and once we waited awhile for the food but other than that they have been fast and prompt.
It's the best place if you are lookin for yummy sushi.
I won't eat at Ra or those places just sad and depressing when comes to the quality of the sushi.

Went in with a Groupon.
The atmosphere was good and we were immediately seated.
We ordered a few different items and were pleased by the presentation and the taste of the sushi.
Heres when it went wrong....
It took FOREVER to get the bill because they write everything out and add it up with a calculator.
When I went to pay, I told her that I had a Groupon and she got really nasty!
As she was re-calculating it for "Groupon Prices" she complained to us the whole time that we should have told her we had a Groupon.
WAIT!
What's the deal with different pricing for Groupons?!
Why would it be different pricing?
This place is a rip off!
Oh - the best part?
We all had food poisoning afterwards.

Love this place!!
This is my go-to spot when I have dinner with friends who are iffy about sushi.
They LOVE it after they go here!!
I have been going here for about 6 years now.

great sushi.
yum

Sushi was really good!
However they lose a couple stars for cleanliness.
They need a good cleaning/dusting of that place!
I look up at the lantern above my head and its FULL of bugs and dust.
Hopefully none of that dropped in my food!

Good quality sushi.
I was just grabbing a take-away order but I sat next two some regulars who seemed to have a great rapport with the sushi chefs.

I love this place.
The service is not always perfect, but the sushi ALWAYS hits the spot and is good quality.
I highly recommend coming either for lunch specials or during happy hour where you can fill up on delicious sushi, at an unbeatable price.
The owner is so sweet, the staff is very friendly, and I think one of the sushi chefs has been around since I started coming here about 8 years ago.
Sometimes they are slow about bringing your check and if they are really crowded the sushi can take a while since there is normally only one or two sushi chefs working, but I find both things totally excusable because the sushi and prices are so great.

My first time eating there wasn't a good experience.
I had to wait over an hour for my food and check.
However, I decided to try the place again a year later.
The place has improved.
I was impressed with the food and service.

Looks can really be deceiving...
I found this place and wanted to try it out because they seemed like they have REALLY good specials and the pictures looked good.
During happy hour a majority of their rolls are 50% off.
We ordered the Philly roll, salmon sashimi roll, vegas roll, & I think it was the crunch roll.
Everything was mediocre especially for the price that you're paying.
The worst parts?
We sat at the sushi bar and there were gnats flying around.
No lie!
How horrible is that!?
2nd?
Customer service was terrible.
After we were seated and got our order placed we never saw our waitress again.
My friend had to ask for her glass of water maybe 4 times.
When someone finally brought it, it wasn't even our waitress but a different one.
They never once came by to see how everything was or if we needed anything.
They have good specials and it's very close to my house but I definitely won't be coming back with that type of service.

Great Patio and relaxing place to have lunch.
I ordered the Sashimi lunch special which consisted of tuna, albacore and salmon.
The pieces were sliced proportionately, nicely placed on the plate and delivered in a timely manner.
If you are considering cooked dishes, the Shrimp and Vegetable Udon noodle is plentiful and the broth was seasoned to perfection.

This is easily the scariest sushi place I've been to.
We ordered mussels as an appetizer but it came last (we had no problem waiting and the server never informed us it would take long).
We had to swat away flies during the entire meal (which we didn't finish).
The sushi was cut in huge uneven chunks so I asked if I'd could be cut into normal sized pieces.
Although there was only one other table being served we waited and watched our newly cut sushi sit on the bar for 6 minutes  before I got up to get it myself.
I gave this disgusting excuse for sushi two stars because neither of us got sick.

I absolutely love this place.
I go usually after 9pm mon-thurs for their reverse happy hour.
The sushi tastes fresh, and sushi chefs are friendly.
The service may be lacking at times but my friends & I come here often and always have a great time.

#1 Sushi place!
I love the location, friendly staffs, good food, reasonable price.
Recommended dishes; King Kong roll Lollipop roll Dynamite roll Las Vegas roll Spider roll Sashimi combo

I checked out this places website prior to visiting not wanting to spend a ton on dinner that night.
The prices seemed  reasonable for teppanyaki per the menu they have loaded on their website.
Once we actually got there and sat down however we were given a completely different menu with entrees averaging around 18-20 dollars.
They also charge around 2 dollars extra for fried rice.
Food was fine but I felt a little deceived....Please update your website!

They take reservations but apparently it's up to the manager to make sure your party has seating or not.
Worst service ever.

I honestly love to give good reviews.
with that said... Rude, wrong, and incompetent.
no food , but the one table ordering it just looked like mounds of rice.
(I don't do rice)  I would give this 0 stars if possible.
I  went the the web site because I purchashed a group on.
I want to say i  purchase these groupons because I love good sushi,and spend a lot of money on sushi monthly.
so finding new places with different chefs is always a wonderful adventure.
I have found my favorite sushi bar through groupon, what a great option.
as I tour the web site for Hon machi sushi, on a Saturday afternoon it says ¨closing soon¨ it is about an 18 minute drive, and they closed at 2:30 according to the web site.
It was 1pm, so I said to my 7 year old, lets go, We jumped in the car and drove across town, to find a CLOSED restaraunt, It looked like a slum, pictures drawn like cartoons huge across the front and a sign that said 2 rolls lunch special 8.99.
I was frustrated that they were closed that there own website said open!
I  relaxed and We went to Sakana sushi, luckily they were open and took care of us, we spent about 60.00 with the tip and everything was devine, my 7 year old orders an expensive cattapillar roll and I order everything from sashimi to nigri to hand rolls no specials for me.
I am a real sushi fan.
no cooked stuff either.
I can spend that much alone for dinner easy peasy.
the chefs all know me, and my daughter for the past 5 years.
service always good, and variety of fish and fresh always!
yesterday i walk in to this Hon machi that looks awful the door is open, and there is no parking so my spirits rise.
I am disabled and have to walk across the parking lot litterally, I expect to see a full  sushi bar, it was empty!!!!
they refuse my groupon immediatly (waitress) she says Oh no not for lunch.
i said I am not going to order lunch, she says nope u have to come back, well as u know i am disabled and i have already driven to this dive before.
I explain I am ordering dinner not lunch,  she refuses and rolls her eyes.
I sit at the empty bar and call group on, who tells me , it says nothing on the groupon that they won't accept it for lunch so I get a full refund.
I said nicely Put it on my account, it isn't your fault  they are  incompitent.
they must be laundering money, the place looked dity all the way to the picture of the cat hanging crooked on the wall.
I drove once again to Sakan sushi and again it was perfection!
I  never got service the  place is a dump and the people are rude , and they are not open when the website says 0 stars right?
yup .
I  still have anther groupon  for sushi and  i am going to try, but I likley won't be back sakana is my place.
I did find sushi Ave, friendly  decent sushi, and they don't close for lunch.
in my area so  I will go there oor sakana no way will I ever purchse a groupon for a dive  again.
iknow whats good and I won't suject mself to  the bologna again.

My boyfriend and I bought a Groupon for this place.
He absolutely loved the spicy tuna roll... which says a lot because I don't hear him say that often!!!
:)  Cucumber rolls were pretty good but I didn't care for the veggie rolls.
It was a beautiful day out so we sat on the patio and really enjoyed our experience!
The server was very friendly too!

Hon Machi may be the closest sushi place for us, but continues to disappoint.
The sushi is just ok but it's the service which is really lacking.
No or slow refills on water, have to ask several times for the check, and still wait a long time for the waitress to come back.
The staff is friendly, but has no attention to detail.
Sushi Room in Chandler may be a little more out of the way but worth the trip.

I've been coming here for probably ten years now.
I have brought many friends and family and always loved it.
I love the location on the water and the sushi was always excellent!
Service has not always been great, but it didn't matter as the food and ambiance was superb.
Unfortunately, in the recent months, it seems that the whole place is going down hill.
It feels dirty, it smells like rotten eggs, the bathroom dispensers don't work, and haven't for a long time.
The food isn't at all what it used to be, and the service just plain sucks.
I hate to see this place fail.
It's been my favorite sushi place for years and the last few times have been disappointing.
I just hope that someone takes some type of action to get the place back to the way it was when I fell in love with "Sushi & Cocktails".

I've read the poor reviews and I didn't experience any of the problems that were stated.
Food was great and we had excellent service.
Went Saturday night.
Met the owner who was great.
We ordered tempura, the 16 piece sashimi, lots of Nigiri, and a rainbow roll.
We had a very enjoyable evening.
My mom wants me to say that their tempura is amazing.

the night started with a resturaunt next door.
The three of us eyed this place as we walked next door for dinner.
We were sat down, but after 15 minutes of Sitting and no one even taking our drink orders, we walk out to try Honmachi.
The atmosphere was nice, and the place wasnt too busy.
We order 6 different rolls and ALL were amazing.
This is by far one of the best sushi joints i have tasted.
The sushi was very fresh, and definately made to order.
The first bite was nothing like any sushi i have had before.
It was a burst of flavor, yet subtle.
It was simply amazing!
The happy hour specials make this place even better!
Going back again this week!
It is so hard to find good sushi, and this is now my go to place!

GROSS AND DISGUSTING!
I went here for lunch and ordered a bento box.
The waitress upsold me on a sushi roll to go with the bento box and when the bento box arrived, there were 5 pieces of gyoza.
It took FOREFVER for the food to arrive and it was not appetizing.
I asked the waitress about my sushi roll- and then, all of a sudden, she does not speak English and has no idea about the sushi roll I ordered.
She just kept pointing to the gyoza and made no attempt to resolve the problem by getting me the sushi roll I ordered.
I walked out and plan to never return.
Unfortunately, I had prepaid and left a tip - lesson learned on that one too.
Never prepay for food, especially from a place like this.
TERRIBLE SERVICE and from the looks of the sushi coming from the sushi chef, glad I did not get that roll after all.
He was glopping on the mayo dressing and the rolls/sushi did not look appetizing.
I would NOT go to this place if it were the last sushi place on earth.

Luke warm miso soup.
All you can eat for 20 on sundays.
Gluten free soy sauce  Meh.
It was ok... but the fish wasn't as fresh as I wanted to see.
Customer service was lacking and there were very few customers.

