You've seen the commercials with Bob Villa.. they really do have some of the best selection and the best prices on flooring.
Me and the Mr bought a new cork floor for the guest room at the showroom.
You can order online and pick up or have it delivered.
The guys there were very friendly as well as seemed to know exactly what they were talking about.
The also offer install service if you're not that handy.

save your money.
I'm still wrangling with these crooks.
They lie about the warrenty.
Lie about the flooring on display and when you make a claim they say it's your fault.
They even sent a guy out to evalutate the floor he agreed it was product failure and they still are denying responsibility.
They pulled out a warrenty that is different then the one I got.
I don't have much recourse but to tell the world.
I am out $12,000 in ugly buckling flooring.
According to their warreny the moisture humididty level for that flooring is tropical like florida.
Funny thaty they sell that stuff in Arizona.
Did they think I was going to drive it to Florida?
They are smug, arrogant a-holes.

All of my visits to this location have been more than satisfactory.
The staff has been very helpful and knowledgeable, and they ultimately assisted me in choosing a great hardwood.
They were completely up front with me with regards to products to consider and products to steer clear of, costs and warranties, and I would have no trouble recommending them to friends and family.

Beware, Beware, Beware!!!
2 1/2 months ago I purchased 1500 sf of Bamboo flooring.
I was told 4-6 week wait.
6 weeks later it arrives and after hauling it all home I discovered it was a totally different color than I had ordered.
I contacted the store and was told they would look into it.
3 more weeks go by and the new order arrives.
It is also the wrong color.
At this time, I am told there are 3 different color codes and I received a blue dot instead of yellow dot.
Obviously, the store did not even know their product line since they ordered a different product than I paid for  Again, they say let us look for the proper color code.
Several more days go by without any news.
Again I call and explain that due to this extreme delay my contractors are about to walk off the job.
Their attitudes were of indifference and blamed the warehouse on the east coast for not getting back to them.
I asked why it was so difficult to find this product.
I suggested it would be simple to just take a photo on a cell phone to confirm the color.
They would not do that.
I then called Customer Service back east and explained the situation.
I was assured the problem would be resolved.
3 days later I'm told they don't have the color and can not get the color I paid for.
I was told they would refund my money.
Yea, that worked out well.
I was told it would take another 4 to 6 weeks to get my money back.
I explained I had paid in full over 60 days ago and my contractors were going to walk.
I was told that since the check had cleared weeks ago they would have my check to me within a week.
2 weeks later I receive a check for $1300.00 instead of the $8700.00 I paid.
Again I call and am told I will receive the balance in another week.
2 weeks have gone by and I still have not received my money.
Does this sound like the type of company you want to do business with?

YOU will regret it!
My experience was very similar to Dan L. situation but with not enough product  being ordered to complete the project.
We hired their recommended installer to measure, prepare, and install the product.
After being one month past the project completion date I got so frustrated that I wrote an email to Tom Sullivan,Chairman of the company.
I got a response from Brian Pullin, Director of Customer Care.
His advice to me was to watch DYI on real expectations on how projects don't EVER go as planned.
Really?
Since when is knowing that there is a problem an acceptable excuse not to fix it?
Mr. Pullin indicated that it was the customers responsibility to hold the start of the project till all the product had arrived.
I guess he failed to notice that all that measuring and product totals was done by them and their associates.
The finish carpentry work on the trim and threshold transitions is pathetic and does not represent work of a professional carpenter.
It is sad that after spending 12 THOUSAND dollars this is all the better that a person gets treated.
Stay away from LUMBER LIQUIDATORS!
What you might save on cost you will spend on waisted time and frustration.
Don't even wast your time with them.

I have never had a problem with Lumber Liquidators.
They know their product.
They know how to match the customer's needs to what they offer.
They are very knowledgeable.
They have good service.
I definitely would recommend them for any kind of flooring needs.
This is where I got the flooring for my condo from.
I even recommended them to my mother, and she is pleased.

It looks like it's a good deal but it's not.
Other lowpriced flooring retailers like Floor & Decor will sell you the same flooring and you can do what you need to do to get the project done.
Calculate the square feet you need, order extra as there are always a bunch of ends you don't need or problems that happen, and then return the overage.
LL may be ok for you if you buy exactly what you need and take it home that day.
If they have to order it for you from across the country, or if you need to order a bit extra (as you should for any construction project) then the troubles begin.
Unlike many hair stylist reviews on here, all the filtered reviews on LL are negative.
Really negative.
And they're all right.
I'm not blaming yelp for filtering them - reviews get filtered when someone only posts about one or two companies.
Because it could easily be just a pump job in favor of someone, or trashing from a competitor.
But I found these believable.
I really hope that because I have reviewed so many other vendors that this one doesn't get filtered as well.
The words I would use are unprofessional, rude, and most of all bewildering.
They just don't have to do business this way.
I have had repeated really horrible experiences with Lumber Liquidators over the last week, and I'm currently in the business of buying and remodelling homes to resell so I work with a lot of vendors.
Who will I never work with again?
Lumber Liquidators.
Look, your experience may vary.
And you may be like me looking at some negative reviews especially about bad installs in our terrible climate for wood floors and think, "oh these people are just individual cases with a bad installer, and they made a mistake.
"  Which is maybe true or not.
What I'm talking about is a fundamental problem with the way this business is run.
Bad policies about returns.
Bad policies about working with customers.
The person who started their review with BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE?
He did you a great service.
Hope to add to the 1star review count right here.
Stay away.
BEWARE.

After hearing this place rave itself up for a long time on the radio I came in expecitng a flooring superstore or at least a showroom with a decent presentation.
What I found here instead was a very WEAK selection of the type of flooring I was shopping for, and the samples that matched their advertising were of flooring that looked just awful...  material that I don't think ANYONE would actually ever buy & install.
Along with the above, I found lackluster customer service & high prices.
Maybe if I had been looking for different flooring they would done a little better, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt & 2 Stars, but for me this place was a complete waste of time.
Fortunately, I found exactly the right flooring for my place at a reasonable price at Home Depot, where they didn't try to blow their own horn at all.
:-)

-dont waste your time with these people.
unprofessional jack-holes  I ordered a butcherblock in DECEMBER, they told me it would be in early february EVERY DAY since then they have told us that it was on the truck, the day the truck was going to arrive kept moving back, but nonetheless.
"I can see that it is on the truck"  today they decided to come clean and let us know that it was NEVER on the truck.
"If I order it today it will be here by mid march" First off, why would it need to be ordered, you made me drive my ass up there to pay you the $500 before you could order it in december.
SO why on earth now would you need to order it again?
Did they offer to knock a couple bucks off for my trouble...of course not.
It doesn't bother them in the slightest   FUCK THIS PLACE!!
3 months I will be without kitchen countertops.
They have been nothing but misleading since day one.
floor and decor has always treated me right and has gotten me special order items within 48 hours of the time they quoted me EVERY TIME.

A client of mine has contracted me to put new flooring in the two apartment communities he is currently renovating- a total of 678 units.
That's a lot of flooring.
I was advised to go to Lumber Liquidators on 7th St.
I did just that.
I have never experienced the worst customer service in my life!!!!!
The "new" manager whom I spoke to today says he's been at this location a couple months.
I simply asked him for a pricing sheet in whom I was told would be available- I've been waiting 2 weeks!!!!
The manager began to get frustrated and dismissive, and told me, "case closed" and began to not only become unprofessional but extremely rude!
He then went on to say, "the buck stops here" and that there is no regional manager or persons that he reports too.
I explained that if a customer has a concern, they should bring the matter to the manager.
He agreed.
I asked him if he thought he handled my concern in a professional manner, non confrontation and with excellent customer service and he said he believed he did!
SMH!!!!!
I will definitely take my business elsewhere.
I would advise everyone else to do the same!
You would expect a higher level of service from a nationwide company.

