I, too, am spoiled with the privileges of Hertz Club Gold.
But when I saw the $9.13 per day fee, I went for it.
Yes, the lines were long and they had 3 terminals and only one customer service agent.
But, if you are on vacation, what the heck?
And it's Homecoming weekend for UNLV, for pete's sake.
Anyway, the car was bigger than I thought for a compact.
It wasn't a gas guzzler, as she tried to push me to upgrade for an Escalade.
Uh, no thanks to the pimpmobile.
I will stick with something less costly, and won't hit me in the pocketbook when I get gas.
The Dodge was clean, but had a lot of scratches and bumps.
Getting out of the lot was quick, and you just need to scan that bar code at the gate.
Return was efficient and the staff was professional.
I shall return.

Do not rent here if you are under 25, granted, yes it is more expensive for the under 25 rule, but the $150 fee is not worth it.
They tried charging me $650 for 4 days and on top of that another $300 deposit so in all almost $1000 to get to California.
I refused to pay that much and complained the price was misleading seeing it as I booked it through expedia.
I was also told that they didn't take 3rd party insurances (I bought insurance through expedia), and they charged me for insurance at advantage so I was charge twice for insurance.
I eventually got a refund due to the  miscommunication on advantage's part.
I refused to pay the $1000 and opted to find a better deal, but the girl who was helping me was persistent with me staying with their company saying all rental places will be more expensive.
We came to an agreement and I rented for 1 day and was charged for the $300 deposit required to rent and called later that night to extend for 3 more days.
Ironically my total came out to $280 in total after the deposit was refunded back to my account.
That is an extreme difference from the original $650 she was trying to charge in the beginning.
Just watch out because they could be ripping you off too.
The only good experience I had was the nice man who checked damages for the car.
He was extremely helpful and sympathetic to the situation.

We got a good price on a midsized car at this location, even without a reservation.
In Vegas they make it very easy to rent a car.
They have a shuttle that picks you up from the airport and drive you to this RentACar utopia.
From there you just walk up to the counter, give them your deposit, they hand you the keys to your rental car and you walk to a parking structure where you find your car.
Very easy!
Dropping off is just as easy too!
Next time I am in Vegas I will be renting from them again.

I've rented a lot of cars before and my experience with Advantage was the worst of them all.
We waited for about 2 hours to get up to the counter (no kidding), we got to the rental car agency at noon and there were about 10 people ahead of us.
For the longest time, the line wasn't moving at all and by the time we finally got up to the counter, it was about 2:00pm.
When we were at the counter, I heard one of the employees come out to announce to the people in line that they didn't have the cars and that they would provide a shuttle to get everyone to our hotels and when cars are available, they would pick them up and they can rent the car then.
Now it makes sense why the wait was so long, they were stalling with each customer trying to find a car (maybe secretly praying for a return); usually it doesn't take 20+ minutes for each customer to be up at the rental counter.
So once we are finally at the counter, the employee (I think her name is Jasmine) said "Oh your reservation was at 12:00", and my husband told her that we've been standing in that line since 12:00 and she said "Oh, I believe you"....that just pissed me off even more, was it necessary for her to tell me that my reservation was at 12:00 when she knows that people have been waiting in a line that was barely moving at all.
After we got finished with the paperwork, we go down to the lot to actually pick up the rental and we waited there for about another 15 minutes.
This whole experience wasted 2.5 hours of my time....I refuse to rent from them again.

Terrible service.
They made me return to my house twice because I was missing documents.
I did called prior to ask what I needed and they misguided me.
I tried to talk to the manager and he was a complete asshole.
I got a little discourage after going home twice without a car and still getting an attitude from the manager when I returned!
The manager was so rude that I ended up going to Savmore instead, got great service there, rented a car for 3 weeks, so I guess it's their lost...
They not only lost that rental , they lost a costumer for life with me as I will NEVER deal with Advantage again nor EVER tell anyone to rent from them.

Reserved a full size.
"Gave" us a Honda "Accord".
Got down to the lot and it was a Civic.
Had to go back to the desk and they made us wait while they borrowed an Altima from Hertz.
Should have told us from the start instead of hoping we weren't going to notice.
For shame, not the way to do business.
Charged us for prepaid gas which I declined.
Caveat emptor if you are drawn in for the price.

I rented my car from Advantage and thought that I was getting a pretty good deal for my car.
The rates were low, and I bought insurance for the car at a pretty low price.
I was just upset with the service that I received.
As soon as I got there, the man at the desk decided he was going to give me a lecture on how I should upgrade my insurance (even though I already had it).
He also had me sign a contract (you know how it goes) but as I was standing there trying to read what I was going to sign he simply kept telling me (hurry and sign, I already explained everything to you) I snapped at him and told him I was trying to read anyway.
The care was okay, I got a Kia that was easy to drive.
And returning the car was not that bad at all.
I just had one problem when I returned my car.
They didn't give me any time to check and see if I left anything behind and low and behold I did!
When I got back to the hotel, I made a phone call to the lost and found desk (which was a machine by the way) and they told me they didn't have anything.
How do you have a lost and found desk and not give anything back to the customer?
Service - bad

I'm not driving around town in the car I reserved because when I got off the plane (at 3 am), you didn't have it.
And I'm like, "Fuck you.
"  I guess the money I paid wasn't enough...I'm like, "Fuck you.
"  Yeah I'm sorry, I can't afford a Ferrari... All I wanted was a Nissan Versa in white.
Too much to ask, for you to honor your commitment...
The way you play your game ain't right.
Clearly, Advantage knows how to TAKE the reservation, they just don't know how to HOLD the reservation.
And that's really the most important part of the reservation, the holding.
Anybody can just take them.
__________  My apologies to Cee-Lo and Jerry Seinfeld, without whom this review could not have been written.

It only took less than 15 minutes and I was driving my car out of the rental car center.
Probably the easiest fastest experience I have ever had at a rental car company.
I got a great price too.
Maybe it was timing or luck but it was no hassels.
I would use them again.

I was VERY nervous about getting a rental with this company as a) My dad has never heard of them and b)I read all the reviews online about them and most of them were negative  In any event, via Priceline, I scored a rental for $9/day.
Dude.
Can't beat that!
My pick up time was 8AM on a Thursday, but I arrived an hour earlier.
I explained that to the agent (after waiting 10 minutes for the people ahead of me to check in) but she was nice and stated that if the car is ready it's no problem.
She asked me how many passengers I had (just one) and how much luggage we had (not much) so she stated she'd upgrade me to a convertible at no cost if I didn't mind.
HELL I didn't mind!
I'm in Vegas AND I get a convertible instead of a Kia?!?
WOOHOO!
Got my keys and headed down to the car... REDDISH/MAROON Mitsubishi convertible.
YAYER!!!
Car drove nicely with no issues.
On a side note... she did mention to me that there was a scratch on the vehicle on the front driver's side and that it was marked on the inspection sheet.
When I got to the car I didn't see a scratch so I did a quick check for dents and didn't see much in the dark parking garage.
Got back to my hotel... and saw a big scratch on the REAR driver's side!
I'm assuming they marked "front" but it was "back" so I freaked out and went to my room to call the rental agency and explain the discrepancy.
I was probably on the phone for 45 minutes (after calling several numbers and being transferred several times, very frustrating) BUT God Bless the last female agent that helped me because she transferred me to the manager at the McCarren office...
I explained everything to him and he was VERY friendly, VERY understanding, and VERY patient.
I told him that it should be in the computer records that the scratch is in fact on the back NOT the front and that whomever inspected the vehicle just marked it incorrectly.
He agreed but stated it would take some research to find that information... so he said that he would look to aid in my comfort even though he said everything would be fine... and if he calls me back there's an issue but if I don't hear from him there are no issues...
He never called back and when I returned the car everything was fine.
He really gave me peace of mind and told me not to worry and to enjoy my vacation.
Jeremy was his name!
Exceptional experience (besides all the calls before reaching Jeremy) and I'd book with them again!

Best advice I can give is don't even think of using this company.
I rented from them the weekend of 3/23- 3/25.
It took over 2hrs to get to the counter and start the rental process.
I counted 8 people ahead of me.
Each rental seemed to take an internity and then i found out they ran out of cars and were just stalling hoping some cars got returned so they could get the people in line a vehicle.
Never ever again.
I deal with car rental companies all the time through my work and I have never seen such poor service.

I picked up my car from the airport and return to airport , they gave me a great  service and got even a larger car than I initially rented at the same price.
Very easy to rent and return.
For sure I will use them again if I need too.

This was the worst service EVER.
Especially with Melissa at the counter.
I called 3 times before going down there to make sure that I had everything  I needed  to rent the car.
I walked down to their office and had all the paperwork they asked me for and my DEBIT card, which they said they accepted.
I showed up and had to wait for her to finish her conversation about going out the night before before she helped me.
When she finally turned around and asked how she could help me, I gave her my driver's license and my card and she turns to me and says sorry we can't rent to you using this card, gives me back my card, and turns around to continue talking to her coworker.
She did not even tell me why we could not use my card or any other card.
I have a credit card, I have other debit cards, but she did not even bother asking me if I wanted to use another card, instead, she just turned around, and continued gossiping.
Even if she would have said sorry, can't take this card, do you have another?
I would have been ok with it but she was too busy with more 'important' matters.
Rude and no way to keep customers.
I left there and just rented at Enterprise.
Yes, they were a little bit more, but honestly, it is worth the extra amount if anything just for their service.
Will never make another reservation with them, no matter how good of a deal it is.

We booked through Advantage via Orbitz because of the lower price knowing full well that the agents would be asking us to take the insurance and full tank option.
Now, normally I can deal with the sale-sy agents and their jedi minds tricks like when they ask "would you like to take the basic coverage or the premium coverage?
"  They don't even give you the option to decline coverage.
But this time, the agent flat out lied about the gas option.
He told me that we could bring the tank full and have the gas option credited which is total BS, but the way he explained it, I bought it hook, line and sinker.
I should have asked him to put it in writing and to write his name down.
Or I should have recorded the conversation with my phone.
He would have scurried away like the rat he is.
Luckily, I figured out that he was lying before we returned the car and got gas.
I read the contract to double check what he said was true.
It states that no refund given for partial full tank.
With that knowledge and the face that we used over 3/4th of the tank, I decided not to fill the tank.
When we got back to the car rental drop off, I asked the guy who inspected the car if he had ever heard of the refund for the gas option.
Obviously he did not.
After dropping off the car, I went looking for the agent to tell him in his face that he was a LIAR!!
Lucky for him & the company he wasn't there.
Know what you need from car rental places before you get to the counter.
Check with YOUR insurance company and know what they will cover on rental cars...typically they have the coverage you need already.
No need to waste the extra $10 a day with the car rental companies.
Reject the full tank gas option if you know you'll have time to gas up...you really have to get down to a low amount of gas to make the full tank option worth it even with the lower price on gas that they offer.
If you know you won't have the 5-10 minutes to gas up, I guess it would be worth it too.
Bottom line is that I might rent from Advantage in the future but if they pull something like this again, I'm recording the conversation and sending it to whatever consumer protection department I need to.

I gave this company a five star primary base on a young man who service us.
He had recently move over from Enterprise.
He was extremely polite and thorough with everything he do.
He make sure that there were no glitches that made our experience with them a bad one.
Due to him we had a great 2 week of vacation and will recommend Advantage Rent-a Car to all of our friends and family.
The only regret is I lost this young man name.
He should be rewarded for all his extra effort.
Great Job and Services!

if i could given negative stars I would!
PLEASE DON'T RENT IN THIS COMPANY ESP IN THIS LOCATION.
We picked up the car and terrible service felt like they don't want you there.
As soon as they see a MAN wearing SUITS and looking like they have money they were all smiles and giggly even welcoming them and wishing them a great weekend.
We rented through priceline which is a really good deal we got (i wished i read the reviews) THAT WASN't THE HORRIBLE PART, When we returned the car, i had my camera slightly below the passenger seat, i always hide it there especially if i live my Nikon D60 inside the ar, since the car was tinted just to make sure nobody could see it.
But of course it ended up i forgot all about it when we got out the car, as THE GUY WAS CHECKING THE WHOLE CAR AND SEATS, he gave us our receipt and we started walking away from the car maybe after 20meters away i remembered my camera and I ran fast as i could, the car was at the parking spot they have which is still visible from where i stand so i ask them if i could check it, as soon asi opened the door camera wasn't there anymore and the seat was all the way back which is not the way i left it.
Of course i started panicking and crying and the supervisor went up and asked me for details and if i was sure i left it in the car.
At this time they were trying to locate the person who moved the car from point A to point B.
Well after 15 mins they finally located the guy and then we saw the other guy who was checking the car when we dropped it leaving with his back pack, i wanted to ask to search the bag but i was just to weak and frustrated and not sure if i can really do that.
So they claim theyre going to get the manager to go check at the cameras and it will take around 20mins.
They said i could call the cops.
and so i did but not really a help coz they said they don't respond to this kind of situations.
So supervisor tells me they can't do anything about it coz "just so to let you know we are not responsible for any lost" Oh im well aware of that, but from point a to point B?
Isn't that called theft?
it's between the 2 guys that handled that car.
So the worst part, WE WAITED 2hrs sitting there and workers kept telling us THEY're still looking at the surveillance camera.
So i couldn't wait any longer, talked to the "supervisor" and she said "YOU SHOULD TALK TO THE ADVANTAGE MANAGER" while 2hrs earlier she was the updating me and telling me theyre going to look at the videos.
So we walked back to the booth right by the exit and there you go a man that we didn't even see the whole morning telling us they searched the car and look at the videos and they didn't see anything.
I asked him if i could see the video and he said i could't that he's "sorry" but they couldn't do anything about it, he didn't know who was the customers when we were by the end booth all this time thinking they are still looking at the videos.!
We just wasted our time and didn't get my camera back.
IM sure not all of the workers there are horrible people bec some of them even tried to help us but don't push your luck, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.

Pay double, triple, whatever it takes but don't rent from here.
1 1/2 hr wait and old car

I rented a standard car after waiting inline for 30 minutes, the guy behind the counter tried to up sell me to an SUV for $10/day.
Low and behold, they didn't have any standard cars...so I ended up getting the SUV free of charge.
The guy helping me guilt tripped me in to buying the pre-paid gas, saying, "it'd really do me a favor, since I did you a favor.
"  So, naturally I couldn't say no.
$50 later and only using a quarter of a tank, I feel like I was ripped off.
I won't rent from Advantage again...sorry...but you got my $50.

Got a great deal by booking online directly @ www.advantage.com  we paid $53.00 for a 3 day rental.
that was with a promo code we found online.
This company doesn't have the best ratings/reviews.
But a family member recommends them, he usually gets an upgrade and really good deals.
They aren't the most friendly upon checking in to get your car.
and the way they size their vehicles are a bit different them most.
as of  December 2012 they are no longer owned by Hertz.
We chose an intermediate car and it felt like a compact.. but it drove good and had good mileage .
The young lady downstairs reassured us that we were getting what we paid for and she was very kind.
this was our 3rd time using this company and we have been recognized.. so this time we signed up for then 'rewards'  card.

Their policies are horrible.
I found them on priceline as the cheapest since that is what the company I work for wants.
First the place is busy and there is always a long hire compared to the others.
Normally I use Alamo and will be going back to Alamo from now on.
Because I did not take all the insurance coverage they took an additional 200 out on the card which is crap.
Now I am playing the waiting game and if it is not back on my card by Friday I will fight the charge.
They are rude and had to wait for someone to come out of the shack upon returning the car.
They did not ask about the car or anything else.
The guy that gives you the reciept never looked up at me.
Not going back do not rent.
Go TO ALAMO.

This is the worst car rental agency in the business.
Don't fall for their gas option, just fill the car up yourself as they charge you for a full tank of gas period.
Unless you can gauge your trip and return the car completely empty you will be ripped off.
Also, I returned my car on Sunday, it's now Thursday and I have yet to see my deposit refunded back to my card.
The car they gave me was trashed and dirty.
Oh, and it took an hour and a half to get the car in the first place.
The line was out the door and I had  a two year old who needed a nap.
Ugh, they should call this 'took advantage' rental car.

I really don't understand all the bad reviews- if you don't want to wait in line or have to say no to a sales pitch take a taxi.
I rented a car from here last week for my vacation.
We were helped by a woman who I believe was named Murna.
She was very helpful and we even chatted about all the bad reviews on here.
You get what you pay for- this place has the cheapest cars so expect to wait in line.
There was no high pressure sales pitch- they outlined the offers and I responded with a firm no and that was that.

Update: I eventually had to have my bank reverse the deposit charge advantage hasn't refunded after 26 days.
Unreal.
Beware.

After reading through all of the bad reviews and subsequently worrying excessively about when I was going to get my deposit back, I was actually very pleased with the service from start to finish.
The customer service reps were great at the service desk, the car pick-up booth, the drop-off area, and when I received my final receipt.
Yes, the first rep offered upgrades but she easily took "No" for an answer.
The car was just what I ordered and as the rep initially stated, I got my deposit back within 2 business days.
I would definitely rent from them again.

After not going for all the up sell at another rental company and not getting my original price as I had booked thru price line .i walked over to the advantage counter the manager mark was more than helpful he matched the price line quote he did not try to up sell me any options I did not need or want .i have rented several cars since from them it is always a pleasurable  experience

Rented a car on the 9th of April for 2 days and the whole process was smooth and as friendly as could be expected.
Unlike the 'name brand' providers Advantage had more agents and therefore a shorter line at the airport.
I got no pressure to buy their gas or insurance.
Car was clean and a size larger then I booked.
The agent who helped me was very chatty and friendly and i observed the same of the other agents while waiting in line.
The drop off was just as easy.
So over all I had a very good experience.
I presume it's just the luck of the draw and for me it was all good.

Everything about the gas tank reviews and upselling negative feedback happened to me.
This company does a low price bait and switch by upselling.
I was tricked into the prepaid gas option as well.
Will not use this firm again.

Horrible company.
I reserved a full size sedan, they didn't say anything at the counter they are out of sedans and stuck me with a jeep suv.
Calling it  "upgrade".
When I found out and asked them to give me the Camry parked next to the jeep.
The attendant said the Camry is going to auction.
Yea right.
The jeep was the worst car I ever driven.
It is bouncy and the turn signal doesn't even work properly.

Should be named   DISADVANTAGE Car Rental   Bottom Line: Customer service horrible, impossible to contact unless you want to make a reservation.
If you accidentally forget anything in the vehicle, say good by to it.
Rented a SUV over memorial day.
Drove it 10 miles and car broke down, Had to physically push it off Las vegas Blvd.
Ok that is not the issue, since these things do happen.
My complaint is with the customer service dept at this location.
Took 30 minutes and several different phone numbers to finally order a tow truck.
Rode back in the tow truck to the facility, and received another vehicle.
This took so long, we missed the show we planned to see, and therefore "ate" the tickets.
Still, not a big deal.
When we returned the second vehicle, advantage charged us 8.79 per gallon to fill up the broken down vehicle.
Most people would not notice this inappropriate charge.
Fortunately, when I went back to the counter they adjusted it.
Be careful and scrutinize your final bill.
Biggest complaint here is during the confusion, we left 2 important envelopes in the car.
I immediately called to notify them.
After 3 weeks, and several contacts, whom all promised they would call me back, nothing.
We made the mistake of renting for the lowest rate.
have used alamo, thrifty, and payless, as well as the "big boys" .Would highly recommend you go with them.

Rented a car in Vegas and was pretty satisfied.
Advantage is one of the cheapest car rental places when you book through the internet.
Our rental for 4 days only came out to be around $70.
We bought insurance even though I had my own because we were there during EDC weekend and didn't want to deal with any drama with the car (other drunk drivers, etc...) The total came out to $170.
The only bad thing is that we bought Roadside Assistance but they never picked up.
Our car battery died and needed a jump start.
We tried to call the 1800 number and was put on hold for more than half an hour.
Luckily some random guys helped us with the jump start.
This was not Advantage's fault, and the lady we returned the car to was very apologetic and understanding.
Everyone that works in the car return place was very nice.

I would use this rent-a-car service again.
Fast counter service and great friendly staff outside the door...Kudos keep it up

Just returned my Ford Fusion after a three-day rental.
Overall, I was pretty satisfied with my rental, the customer service, etc.
Luckily, I'd done my homework beforehand, by reading reviews here and elsewhere.
As expected, when I arrived to pick up my rental, the young girl tried to push their insurance coverage on me.
I kept saying no.
She used tactic after tactic, and my "no's" got firmer and firmer.
Then she tried to push the fuel purchase bit on me.
I told her that I'd refill the car myself.
She then told me she'd leave the fuel purchase option open, just in case I needed it.
Again, I asserted that I wanted no part of it.
She finally gave in.
Today, after returning the Fusion, I looked at my receipt.
My homework paid off.
It didn't cost me a penny more than I expected.
Just learn to assert yourself and act like you're a seasoned traveler by firmly saying "NO" to all the extra garbage they try to sell you (unless you really need or want it).
Your efforts will pay off.

I rented a full-size for 3 days and it came out to be $83 dollars.
I think I might have gotten a student discount on their website.
I reserved a Chevy Malibu or something similar.
I took a shuttle from the airport to the car rental facility.
I got there, paid the $83 plus $200 for deposit and I went downstairs into a garage.
They handed me keys to a Chevy Impala, not what I expected, but whatever.
It was nice and clean on the inside.
It was a very long car.
I was given a piece of paper to mark any noticeable damage on the car.
After that I drove off.
The whole process probably took less than 10 minutes.
I came back, and they checked the car.
They discounted my price down to $66 for some reason, maybe that I was 30 minutes early?
Returning the car was painless and it too less than 2 minutes.
Workers were nicer than most people described.
Overall I am happy and satisfied.

We had a good experience with Advantage in Las Vegas.
I booked a full size vehicle for the first two days.
They gave me a Nissan Altima.
The rental was cheap.
But I was driving it on highways.
So I bought all the insurance.
It cost me 155 bucks for two days.
But it worth since we drive it for 700 miles with no mileage charges.
In the second three days, I rented a Chevlet Cruz.
It costs me 89 bucks for three days.
I didn't buy any other insurance since I have my own.
The return was very efficient.
The staff was very friendly.
They returned my deposits soon.
Anyway, it was better from my experience than what was described in the Internet.

My fiance rented a car from this company and it was problems from the beginning.
From horrible customer service by the gentleman at the counter, to the reserved car not being there and them telling us we needed to pay more for what they did have, to them charging an extra $80 in late charges when we specified on the reservation that it would be returned at 4pm.
There are so many other rental companies that would actually appreciate our business and treat us with respect.
I will NEVER use their services again.

Knew it was going to happen!!!!
Arrived at Advantage on 1/20/14 after reserving a car online a month prior.
Lo and behold the car we reserved was not available, and there was a problem with GAS?????
We were told to keep checking back for availability or pay additional dollars for a larger vehicle.
We already had reserved Intermediate vehicle and since there was only 2 of us, we didn't require a bigger vehicle.
Besides, why should we pay more when we already had a car reserved and they did not have the vehicle.
We left the counter and walked over to E-Z Car Rental, where we were able to get a larger car for less money - a larger NEW car (15 miles on it).
Went back to Advantage and told them we did not need the car.
I had asked if we were going to get charged anything and the guy behind the counter said we did not pre-pay so no issue.
Well guess what......since you have to give a credit card to reserve, we were charged for 1 day car rental for a car we didn't get, that they didn't have.
WHAT??????
Letting the cc company know to dispute the cost; ridiculous to get charged for something that was their doing!
Never say never, but will never rent from them again!
Go to E-Z Car Rental folks - great customer service, great vehicles.

I made my online reservation 3+ months in advanced and after 1 month, I received a very good non-refundable prepay price for one week rental intermediate size car Jan 13 to Jan 18th,2014 which I immediately accepted!
Upon checking-in & REJECTING all the standard offers to upgrade the vehicle, insurance coverage, include road side service, etc to pad up my low billing!!
I was finally offered pre-paid gasoline for $65 @$3.08 gallon, which was not well explained and even though I rejected, they still billed my credit card??
This is a SCAM to get you to NOT to bother to refuel your rental before you return!
Once you enter the "tire spiked return area", you can not exit to go fill up your car!
Therefore, the 1/2 tank I actually used cost me double or $6.16 per gallon with NO CREDIT GIVEN for the prepaid full tank!
Please read David R review 11/09/2013 on being assertive!

Really bad service, i was just trying to extend the rental and no one was answering my call at (702)216-7510, bad customer service !!!!
Dont count my single star.

Very bad service we had to wait in line for 45 minutes then we having problems extending our reservations then he gave us one car then when we made our extension he gave us a lower grade car?
WTF.... then when we asked to use a pen to fill out the damage report the way he made is like we are gonna run off with his 25 cents pen..... Never gonna rent anything from here again what a way to start this vacation.....

They are very pushy, much more than other companies.
The cars are the cheapest and less accessorized (probably they would avoid putting steering wheel if possible).
I refused a car because was so dirty.
I  really disappointed and upset.

Rented from Advantage in the past and I wanted to write a quick review about my experience:  Check in wait time: No wait time at all  Service agents: VERY PUSHY when it comes to selling insurance.
Tone of agent became VERY THREATENING when I declined any type of coverage.
He tried to scare me about how driving in Vegas can be very "hazardous".
I had to tell the guy that I am a frequent visitor to Vegas and told him nice try.
Fleet: not bad, got a Camry with only 1800 miles on it, it was clean.
Return: way better than the check in process.
Flawless in fact.
Returned the vehicle got my receipt and was off to the airport.
Overall: customer service experience nets this place a 1 star for me.
If not for that this place would have gotten at least a 3 if not 4 star

Good price & fair treatment.
They try to sell you their insurance & fuel package, but they all do.
Friendly staff-quick service & no hassles.
Car was top notch and return was easy.
I'd use them again.

Don't ever rent from these guys.
I thought renting from them would be convenient because we were staying in downtown Las Vegas, but it was the worse car rental decision I ever made.
The first and Last time I'll ever rent from them.
We went to Vegas on a 4 night package with Vacations Hawaii.
Only to lose a whole day trying to make a key for the car rental because my husband misplaced the key.
Well, we went to the rental company and they didn't have a spare key.
Can you believe a car rental company, not having a spare key when their business deals with renting cars.
We had the run arounds trying to get a key made for this car.
It took us a whole day just to find someone who makes this type of keys which starts the car automatically.
If you don't want this to happen to you, make sure the rental company carries a spare key.
The dealership, had to refer us to a man who specializes in this type of keys which cost $250.
I've complained to their website twice and they called and said they would reimburse us.
This is early March, until now haven't received nothing.
My recommendation use Dollar rent a car.
This is bad business.

Total manipulation at Las Vegas airport Advantage counter!
Reservation was for noon.
Arrives at counter at 11:25 and was told I was too early!
I stood 50' away for 30 minutes.
Then manipulated up charges!
Make sure you rent what YOU want, not what SHE sells.

The worst experience with car rental company.
.they have only one representative I had 5 people before me and I waited for 2 hours to get the car rental.
..if u could I was give them 0 syar

Let's start chronologically; Wait time 30 mins to just to get to the front of the line, now to the counter; They all of a sudden need proof of our insurance and the declarations page?!
I'm renting a car not buying one.
So I call my insurance and ERIN as the gull to ask me to stand aside to she can "help" other people.
I'm thinking I've waited 30 mins you want me to get back in line so I naturally refuse.
2 mins later as I'm talking to Allstate to get my insurance she goes to break!
I'm not even kidding break?!
So I say F this shit and rented from Firefly which is right next to them.
Took 10 mins to rent a car from them.
Why do companies like this exist?
I wanted to rent a piece of sh*t car just to cruise around Vegas.
Moral of this story stay away from this sh*t box of a rental company.

