Tried this place because uh'hem it was reccomended.
(Thanks Sarah) lol!
We ordered take out the first time it was the worst ever looked like stuff fell on the floor.
My kid had the roadies or w/e they were supposed to be like slider's there was 2 missing the meat!
So we call to see what's up maybe they had an off night.
The gm wanted to send us a gc for the meal ok....weeks go by we call her, again she apologizes.
We finally get them and she had sent like 3x the original amount.
YAY!
We decide to take some friends with us since it was FREE.
Well once again it was pretty gross no one really ate much, 2 people got their filets they ended up well done.
One was sent back and re-made.
It ended up the same.
They basically said if its later evening thats what your going to get no matter how you order them.
The service is not so good and that makes 6 people never going there again, it's ok by me cuz I hate chain's.
Will people ever learn chai's suck!?!?
This place should not even get 1 star the best thing is the bucket's of peanut's.
My daughter loved throwing the shells on the ground, I mean where else can your kid's do that on purpose?

I think they got a new chef/cook.
We went for a company lunch today and it was great.
Chili 5 stars 2.
Open faced roast beef w/ mashed spuds 5 stars 3.
Roadies/sliders 5 stars 4.
Chicken salad 5 stars 5.
Buffalo Chicken sandwich 5 stars x 2 people 6.
Burgers 4 stars x 3 people.
BBQ pork 3 stars onlt because it had slaw on top.
Very solid reviews from ewveryone at the table.

We go here whenever we get the chance.
My only wish is for one over here on the West side of town.
Be sure and try the Buffalo wings...they are very tasty.
Roadies/Porkies are also a favorite.
The Onion Brewski steak is very good too...come to think of it,everything I've tried there is good.
Servers are friendly...never had a problem.
I've visited their restaurants in Alabama,TN and now here in AZ.
I'm a fan :)

We've been to Logan's quite a few times.
They have a good deal Mon-Wed where you can get 2 full course meals with sides for $14.
I'm a fan of their catfish, but overall they have good all American-fare cuisine.
The staff is very friendly.
Peanuts were a but gross.

One star is really too much.
We went to the one in north Phoenix (next to Red Robin) on a slow Monday night.
It took forever to place our order, then over an hour to actually get the food.
It definitely wasn't worth the wait.
I'm pretty sure my shrimp wasn't cooked and the only veggies on the shrimp and veggie skewers were onions and barely-cooked zuccinni.
The waitress wasn't even a bit apologetic for the wait or quality.
I won't be going back.

I have been here several times and they have never gotten my order right.
I have never actually had something there that was cooked the way I ordered it.
They even forgot the salad I ordered one time until the waitress brought the check.
The last time I went my husband and I both got sick off the food.
The atmosphere is fun, but that's about all it has going for it.

I've been to Logan's Roadhouse several times in several different states.
This is the place I go to when I need a steak in a casual atmosphere where I can drink beer from a bottle without any strange looks from other patrons.
I took the family to Logan's on Sunday since I had the jones for that yummy bread they serve (you can always ask for more servings of bread), plus I needed a steak.
I usually order their Prime Rib which is fabulous, but decided to go with a sirloin steak this time around.
The steak wasn't the greatest, but I enjoyed the sweet potatoes and brocoli (hint - tell the waiter not to boil the life out of the brocoli).
My kids enjoyed the chicken strips, mac & cheese and meatloaf and mashed potatoes.
They inhaled that food so quickly I didn't even get a taste.
My wife had a shrimp dish with her signature strawberry lemonade (good but Blue 32 Grill does it much better).
You will usually spend about $17/$18 dollars a head at Logan's for dinner.

Yesterday was the third time I celebrated my carnivorous side with this lovely steakhouse.
It's your normal steakhouse as far as decor goes... peanut debris on the floor... wooden decor... kinda dark.
The thing about Logan's is that it's MASSIVE.
I've never attempted to try and find the bathroom because I know I'll get lost.
Cool part is, there hasn't been a wait to get in at all... as soon as we walk in, we get seated.
The menu is good... love the top selections of meat.
It's been hit or miss with my New York Strip that I always get.
Yesterday, that piece of meat was the best thing I've had for YEARS.
So nice... didn't have to trim it or deal with tendons in the middle of the meat or anything... it was beautiful.
We also had their artichoke and spinach dip... it's ok. Standard, nothing to write home about except that it's pretty salty.
Service has always been great every time.
The servers are down to earth and they will joke around and hang out if you are open to it.

I ate there last night for the first time so I had to order the "Logan" steak.
It wasn't great but it wasn't bad either.
The steak was juicy and well-seasoned.
The fries were a little stale and the steamed broccoli was...well...just steamed broccoli.
The best thing though was the warm rolls dripping with melted butter.

When this place first opened up I tried it and I had a great experience.
The steak was great and the service was too!
After about 6 months the service was lacking and the quality of the food wasnt close to what it was before.
I think the concentration was more on getting out the booze than getting out good food.

We love this place.
I had family visiting from out of town and this is always on their list of places to eat at.
The bread is amazing and I've never had a bad filet there.
The service is usually fast and friendly though last night it was a little off.
If you want a great steak at reasonable prices, this is the place.

Our group from work went here and had a great time.
Its a nice bar centered place with a nice variety in the menu.
Not too pricey, free peanuts that go on the floor and enough selection from red meat to vegetarian and dieters in our group.

While driving by my wife and I decided to stop in and try them out.
We were seated in the booth right next to in fact looking into the kitchen; and that was after being moved once already because of the insanely loud birthday party.
Once adjusted to the new noise level our server told us she would be right back with our bread, 12 minutes later she said she just waiting on the bread to cook but did bring us our drinks.
The staff seemed very lethargic even the Manager had a personality of a bowl of cheerios.
My chicken was ho hum and my wife's burger was very sloppy and actually fell apart in her hand and the meat had a very peculiar after taste.
Maybe we shouldn't go to a "steak" place for what we ordered but...  live and learn.

Went to Logan's Roadhouse for the first time last night.
It seems to be a very bad imitation of Texas Roadhouse (which we love).
I had the steak sandwich, on which the bread was very soggy and the mushrooms and onions were almost non-existent.
I thought it was gonna be more like a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich, so did not tell her how I wanted it cooked.
In my defense, though, she did not ask.
I would've ordered it med-rare if I'd been asked.
Consequently, the meat was too well done and very tough, the entire sandwich consisted mainly of bread.
I ordered it with the sweet potato fries and they were OK, but the order was very skimpy and you have to pay extra to get fries at all.
The staff seemed very lethargic and it did not seem like anyone cared if we enjoyed our meal at all.
I did the customer phone survey on my receipt just to voice my opinion.
It gets you $3.00 off your next meal...
I don't plan to use it because I will not go back!

This place was ok.
Environment was similar to Johnson big apple.
It's got a yuppie cowboy casual vibe.
I didn't smell any fabulous BBQ meat  to get me crazy hungry for anything.
Looked at the menu and there wasn't too much of choices for food but did have a lot of drinks to choose from.
There happy hour seemed pretty cheap also.
Meals where expensive for their steaks, I choose a slider plate cause I wasn't in the mood to put down twenty five bucks for a steak.
My sliders were 9 bucks cause they charge you extra to substitute fries for their potato chips.
Wait staff was attentive and friendly.
If I came back I'd only come for the drinks.

good (for two) food special and drink specials.
good for a casual night out.

Do yourself a favor and skip this hell-hole.
If you insist on going then make sure you wear proper shoes.
They let customers throw peanut shells on the floor and it reeked like an old, moldy cellar.

I went to Logan's for dinner last night and it was very good.
Me and my daughter got the fillet Mignon's, she got broccoli(which she loved) and mashed potato sides and I got the mushroom skewers and the baked sweet potato.
Everything was so good I am already planning a trip back.

My coworker and I ended up at Logans for dinner because we wanted to try something other than one of the MANY chain restaurants in the area (Olive Garden, Red Robin, PF Changs, etc).
Well, we had good intentions, but later found out that Logans is a big chain too!
We did the 2 entrees for $14.99 Mon - Wed special because we are fiscally responsible employees.
She had a pretty big plate of chicken fingers and I got a teeny tiny 6 oz steak.
Even though that is the correct portion size, I guess you are just so used to seeing huge slabs of meat when you order steak!
It was also pretty tough, but I suppose you can't expect filet for the price.
I liked the loaded mashed potatoes, but the broccoli was drenched in butter which sort of defeated the purpose of ordering a healthy side.
The roll was also fluffy and delicious and BUTTERY!
The special price is definitely cheap.
You can even add a shared appetizer and dessert for an additional $5.
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.

Classy as a Lap Dancer leaving a skid mark on a man's lap that is a indication of the way they cook filet's of beef here here .
(crap on your plate)  Remember the Movie Logan's Run where they killed everyone that reached 30 years old well I am over 30 but I felt like dying after trying my meal we've been here years ago but thought maybe they weren't as bad as we remembered .
We were seated and it took around 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us as we noticed the table next to us that got seated latter and already had food before we even had water ok so that was no big deal it happens all the time at chains .
My husband ordered the $4.99 for 2 margarita's (I knew better) and I took a sip and it tasted like you licked a spoonful of dry artificial drink mix .
(YUK)  This place had a MASSIVE amount of peanut shells and DUST all over the floor so if you were wearing flip flops you might cut your toes on shells .
They have a bucket of peanuts on every table and I hope little dirty kids hands weren't on them not to mention peoples coughs .
When my meal arrived I thought it looked ALMOST picture perfect because my vegetable skewer looked great with real fresh vegetables on it but when I tasted them they were awful because they brushed them with I COULD TASTE cheap Italian dressing and some sort of brown NASTY sauce (YUK) !
Then I saw my potato with all that melted whipped butter that looked like SPIT (YUK)!
(it wasn't but looked like that the way the butter melted)  but maybe the WORST was what they did to the filet....WTB (bleep) they brushed the filet with liquid smoke and maybe a terriyakki sauce and that was another YUK!
I consider the filet not edible the way it tasted and took it home for dog treats (I washed sauce off for my dog of course) The sauces on the vegetables and on my filet were awful and ruined them in taste and as far as I know they are not listed in description on menu .
This was not the most expensive meal but not that cheap either (mine was $16) but even if it was free I still would not recommend .
Now that I Yelped I will remember years from now that I didn't like .
One star ?
two stars ?
but my understanding of definition is eeks me thinks not meaning I won't go back not just I had better...duh..I am not a fan of here.....maybe you are?.....not the best  quality but it really is too amateur to go out for it's like your relative that can't cook and just throws stuff in a bag with Italian dressing and then throws it on the grill .
it was close and I didn't feel like going far but I should have done a Logan's RUN AWAY!

I wasn't too impressed with the food.
It was kinda of a let down since our Friends raved about it.
Even the service was poor.
I most likely won't go back.

I had never been to Logan's before but went with a group of eleven people.
I'm giving them two stars only because they were so accommodating and the manager was top notch.
Otherwise, the story goes south.
Our waitress brought us drinks and that seemed to be the only thing she was really capable of doing.
I know it was noisy, but she couldn't seem to hear anything we said and we had to repeat all of our orders repeatedly.
I ordered a Pepper jack Cheeseburger that comes with onion straws, so I asked for "No Onions", and a sweet potato.
My husband had the meatloaf with broccoli and sweet apples.
The waitress took our order and then refilled our drinks.
She delivered our food, and we didn't see her again until she presented the bill.
We had to ask other people going by for more silverware, for enough bread and butter for the "whole" table and when we were done eating we snagged someone else to carry away some of the plates.
Never did she come by to see if our food was prepared correctly, and NO mine was not good.
My Medium Well Burger started out with a huge pile of onions...didn't I order without onions?
In peeling them off it took most of the cheese, which was distinctly NOT pepper jack cheese.
I cut the burger in half, and hmmmm Medium Well should NOT be deep pink inside, and when I ordered I specifically said NO PINK which she repeated back to me.
My sweet potato was really good, but was so burnt that I could only eat about half of it without getting the charred skin, so was very disappointing, and it was really small.
The lady next to me had one that was easily 3 times as big as mine, and she got two sides, I only got one side because I got a burger.
My husband had the meatloaf, which he said was very flavorful and he enjoyed it, but it was hard to eat because it fell apart when he cut into it, and without a spoon it was a bit hard to eat.
The manager came to the table when our meals were mostly finished, thank god for bread because my meal consisted of the part of the hamburger that wasn't pink and half of a small sweet potato.
He asked how things were and I guess he could tell by my face that I wasn't happy because he stepped right up and offered to have a new meal prepared, which I declined as everyone was already done eating, but he comped my meal which did make me happy.
I will go back and try them again, because I realize that one meal does not mean they are bad, and everyone else seemed to enjoy what they had to eat.

Nice place, food is always good and service is good also!

We were quickly seated, promptly served and the waitress was very attentive.
The manager came by making his rounds to make sure everyone was being taken care of.
Their rolls were just like Grandma used to make.
I had the 8 oz filet medium rare w blue cheese and It was so tender it melted in my mouth like butter.
Soooo good.
Will definately return !!!!

Logan's has excellent prime rib at the weekends.
Good food, fair prices, fun atmosphere - somewhere to go for a casual dinner out after work.

A nice casual steak place.
The steaks are ok but I think the real highlight is the dinner rolls.
The prices are a bit higher than their competition and not quite as good but it's one of the better places in the Norterra area that is kid friendly that offers "adult" food.

Logan's food was surprisingly good.
I admit I wasn't expecting much when I went the first time, but my girlfriend and I went on a Monday night for their two meals for $15 deal (M, T, W only).
For that price you get two entrees with two sides each.
The deal and the food was better than Applebee's.
I recommend the steak or the tilapia.
The baked potato and vegetable skewers were very good sides too.
They have good bread while waiting for your meals.
For $5 more you get an appetizer and dessert to split too.
Again, a better deal than Applebee's.
They lose a star for subpar service.
Sorry guys.

So took my daughter to dinner here last night and was very disappointed.
We have been here before, but this time I decided to yelp about it.
We waited an unheard of 15 minutes to have a server come by and take our drink order.
The soda's came and we order our dinner.
Both of us like our steaks rare, both got potatoes and salad.
An easy order for most kitchens, but not here.
The salads were good.
They have changed their dinner rolls.
They used to use the ones that Golden Coral uses.
The ones they use now are a lot harder then the old ones, and that was a very good part of the meal, nothing like a good soft roll with butter.
The steaks and potatoes came.
I guess the cooks need to learn what rare means on steak.
These steaks were cooked medium well, and for a steak lover, there goes the flavor of the meat.
No amount of A1 can help that.
Then to make matters worse, the potatoes were rock hard.
I have yet to figure out how to do that if they are made fresh.
I think we got the ones left over from the weekend.
Don't ask to see a manager, because we were told he was outside talking to someone, so we just paid and left.
What a waste of money.
I think next time I will drive a little farther down the 17 and go to the new Texas Roadhouse or Outback.
I would have given this one star, but the server was really nice and kept the drinks filled through the whole meal.

Amazing food!
Amazing service!
The cinnamon apple side is oh so delightful!
Never had any issues!
I have had the sweetest waitresses.
Some things can be crazy on price but, so worth it when it gets in my BELLAY!
Haha.

Food wasn't that great the bread was the best part of my meal.
Try one of the other 10 restaurants in the area to avoid disappointment.

Wow, what a disappointment..
I ended up in your restaurant with a referral from my mother in-law.
After being seated we were slowly greeted by an underwhelmed lack luster waitress named carrie, only to find out half way through our meal.
Carrie was pushy and obnoxious about taking our order and only after sorting out the terribly confusing two menus we decided on our meals.
My mothers order came without the fries she ordered and I'm pretty sure our final checks were not correct.
Not only do I believe the prices are above average I was charged for two separate drinks, I understand mix ups but I feel more as if this particular situation was intentional, unfortunate.
Not only was service below par I had to ask for refills on my own drinks because the attention to our table was so overlooked.
Adding insult to injury we were the only table in carries section aside from one man pulled up to the bar.
The food was poor the service sucked, for lack of a better word and overall nothing worth coming back for.
For a personal referral I'm  disappointed and frustrated in this experience, what a shame...

Service was shitty, peanut shells on the floor is minus points, and food was medicore at best.
Why come here?
I do not know.
Many of other places that are so much better than this one.

Food  - 2/5  Food was below-average at best.
My steak tasted like it had freezer burn on the edges of the steak or like it had been microwaved.
The side salad was good, I finished it but the veggie skewer was dry and the tomatos were old.
My buddy did get the Southern Fried Fish and Chips (Catfish) and it looked pretty good and most everyone else at the table seemed satisfied with what they received and thats the only reason I gave the food any credit.
Service - 3/5 Waitress despite forgetting my beer was nice, she did use profanity when I mentioned she forgot my beer...
I may have liked her more because of that tho.
Atmosphere - 3/5 Like most other "Texas" steakhouses it was loud but I could hear the other 6 friends I was with which was nice.
Price - 2/5 Based on the quality of the food I could have gone somewhere else and spend $20 for a ribeye and veggie skewer and been much happier.
Drink specials were good and apparently they don't get much during the week because they have the big vinyl sign promoting 2 meals for $14.99 Mon - Wed.
Overall - You can find a better steakhouse in most strip malls, probably even the one Logan's Roadhouse is in...

Service was mediocre.
They started cleaning around me.
Why let me in the door if you are not going to stay open?

My food came out ice cold.
I don't mean warm, I mean cold!
Other order at table was fine.

Really enjoyed the meat-sampler which included pulled pork, ribs and BBQ chicken with two sides for less than $20.
Of course, this included their warm and tasty bread with all-you-can-eat peanuts.
Our server was spot-on with every need we had.
I noticed that a lot of people don't care for the food quality, but I personally didn't have any issues of great importance to speak of.

This is a typical mid range steakhouse.
I got the grilled chicken salad and it was good, not overwhelming.
The chili was actually really good.
Our server was great, we had a party of 8 with separate checks and she did a great job getting everything correct.
We were seated quickly and got our drinks shortly thereafter.
Great location, close to the highway and convenient to other stores / shops.

Food is always quite good, as is the service.
Try the 2 for one for $14.99 Mon thru Wed.  You can't beat it.

Four of us ate here after taking in a movie.
My wife ordered a filet and lobster, my sister ordered shrimp, my brother in law ordered ribs and I ordered rib eye steak.
The lobster turned out to be a large prawn and my wife described it as mediocre.
My sister's shrimp were the typical, small breaded and deep fried fare.
My brother in laws full rack of baby backs appeared fairly typical and he had no complaints... and no real compliments either.
My rib eye appeared to be a sirloin... not a rib eye.
I should have sent it back but with four of us eating together the wait would have been inconvenient.
The steak was cooked to the correct temperature but it was fairly dry and tasteless; definitely not a rib eye and not a great sirloin.
The service was excellent.
The waiter was attentive, friendly and very polite.
I tipped at %20 because of the service -- not the food.
There are better steak houses.
I dropped over $90 for the four of us and we would have done better elsewhere.
I doubt I will return.

We have had so many problems with this restaurant through the years.
We would stop going for a while and then decide to try it again.
Yesterday was our last try.
This restaurant consistently has a problem with food temperature.
Yesterday my teriyaki chicken, baked potato, broccoli entree was lukewarm at best and the broccoli soggy (they are very hit and miss with the vegetables).
I stopped the rude waitress as she was flying by if they had a microwave.
She said "yes.
"  I asked her if she would take the plate and put it in the microwave for 30 seconds and she said "yes.
"  Next thing I know, I see her serving another table and then going to the bar and doing some work there.
I go up to her and ask where my plate of food is.
Soon, I see a man (I later learn he is the manager and could not believe it because he seemed more like a guy with the deer in the headlights look than a manager!
) bringing a whole new plate of food to the table (he says it wasn't but I had already cut my chicken and had a piece and this was a new piece.
So, get this - this plate of food is COLDER than the first one and this was the manager of the restaurant serving it!
He seemed confused and befuddled.
I asked to have the entree removed from our bill.
If this was the first time we had experienced problems here, we probably would have considered going back.
Through the years since this restaurant has opened, though, we have encountered cold food, frequently bad service and, sometimes, no service at all.
There was one visit where we sat at our table after being seated for 10 minutes on a quiet Monday at lunchtime and no server ventured even near us and we got up and left before having even been greeted.
No one seemed to care whether we were there or not.

Yes, this is a chain ... but if its what you are looking for, the prices are pretty decent, the steaks are good, and the staff is attentive.
This location - being right off the freeway and in a major shopping center - is always crowded for lunch and dinner.
Sitting down for lunch or dinner, you will be presented with a basket of rolls -- stay away -- unless you want a mouthful of bliss!
I think I pounded through 4 of these before the appetizer ever makes it to the table.
Rolls are unlimited -- so ask for MORE!
LOST STAR - I expect my steak and side to come out hot and steamy.
Just not the case here on this visit.
Even the kids commented on the "steak bites" being warm... they also like theirs hot.
The service did make up for the lack of food prep.
The waitress was constantly on top of drinks and tried her best to make the experience better.

How have I not reviewed this place yet?
I love the hot bread they give you while you wait for food, love the Santa Fe Talapia and the steak special is pretty good here too.
This is a great casual spot with peanuts all over the place, good service, and not to pricey.
I like bringing the kids here too more so than Red Robin next door since its fun for them and the food is 100% better.

They get 5 out of 5 starts for their Monday - Wednesday SUPER AWESOME 2 meals for $14.99 deal!
That is right, kiddos, ALL DAY -- not just limited to lunch.
My co-worker and I have become weekly regulars and the staff is always polite, nice, and considerate.
If there is ever a problem, they quickly correct it and are very receptive to special requests.
Seriously, where else can you get a steak dinner for $7.50 each AND get to throw peanuts on the floor without your mom yelling at you or you having to clean them up!?
Also, the unlimited, free, hot, buttery, melt-y, and delicious sweet dinner rolls are AMAZING!
(note: do not check calorie content of the rolls before visiting.... it will ruin the pure bliss enjoyed while devouring the rolls).
Also, you can opt for healthier options here much easier than you can a burger place (salad, chicken or steak, and steamed broccoli easily does the trick!
)  Overall, even without the super amazing deal Monday - Friday, I enjoy this place and will continue to go back.
(p.s.
did I mention the free rolls!?

Love this place and you can't beat the special Mon-Wed, Amazing!!!

You get what you pay for... decent food and very inexpensive.
This isn't a top tier steakhouse, but excellent for the price.
Our large party enjoyed excellent service.

My husband and I were first time diners this evening.
We enjoyed the buckets are peanuts, tossing the shells on the floor, and even the loud music--as it was the perfect atmosphere for loud music.
My bowl of potato soup was delicious and the serving was just the right amount of food.
The yeast rolls went perfect with the soup.
While my husband enjoyed himself, he said, "they will have to do better with their mushroom and cheese burgers -- Red Robins (next door) has a better burger.
"  Rest rooms we clean, prices were reasonable and we will return--it's fun to eat peanuts and not have to worry about the mess the shells are making.

Love this place, I had the "Santa Fe Tilapia" with rice  and grilled vegies.
Along with the beer and free peanuts it was a wonderful meal.
A good time was had by all!

Yep definitely not doing this again.
Out with friends, all ordered steak.
First of all waitress was clueless took a while just to get a drink order which by the way we did not get when she finally came back to take our dinner order.
When taking our dinner order she was asked where our drinks were at and told they are made and be right out, whhhhhatttttt!
Okay so finally get our drinks and never get checked on for refills.
Now we get our food, 3 of 4 steaks are correct.
1 ordered medium well came back seared on the outside and bloody in the middle, which was bleeding out onto the plate, it was immeadiately sent back.
New one comes and is so tuff it can't be cut with a knife, it gets sent back.
Third steak finally comes now everyone is pretty much done eating except for the one still waiting for staff to get it right, and tada they got it right.
Took 3 attempts and over an hour of our time.
I'd give it no stars but I was hungry and ate my steak or I would have left after second attempt.

My family has been eating at this Logan's since it opened.
Not sure why I waited so long to write a review...
I love this place.
The food is delicious (get something that comes with Peppercorn dressing, and you will NOT be disappointed), the servers are friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere is family friendly and fun.
I took my husband there for a post-Father's Day dinner and we had the pleasure of sitting in Chris' section.
He was awesome - never left us needing anything.
The manager walks around frequently and asks everyone if there is anything he can do for them, or if the service/food has been satisfactory.
Thats how you run a business!
Oh, and order the sweet potato.
I swear...

Excellent establishment!
My family always enjoy the peanuts & the biscuits.
Their entrees are always good with sweet potatoes.

Ugh.
Food was not impressive, service was MUCH less than stellar.
Rude, actually.
If I spend $40 for one person, I expect better.
Of our group of 5, 2 of us enjoyed our meals and 0 of us enjoyed our service.

Awful restaurant!
Filled with incompetent staff and terrible management.
We've been to other Logan's locations in other states and always had a good experience.
We will never go back to this location

We enjoy lunches here.
The tilapia is good but the broccoli is usually under cooked.
Today.... well, it's a holiday!
so forget the healthy stuff :)  I had a fried cheese and bacon burger!
OMG....
I should say it slowly... F R I E D CHEEEESEEE & BaCoN burger.
I didn't want to do it but I was talking to the waitress who was VERY friendly and telling her my love of burgers, she recommended it to me and the sweet Tea which was peach and had a good healthy amount of vodka in it.
DELISH.
The burger was better than I had hoped it was moist, dripping creamy fried cheese with nice thick sliced bacon and shoe string fries on the side with ranch dressing.
You no longer throw peanuts on the floor they have lil buckets at the tables for that and THAT makes me very happy.
never was a fan of walking on peanuts... sounds like egg shells.
I have been here several times and it was over due for a review and this one needs to go on my love of burgers page.

It's a chain.
It's got the schtick that makes chains appealing to the masses.
But the food was good and while I wanted to eat a lot of the "bad stuff" that smelled great, I was on a highly restricted diet.
It's increasingly rare (and much appreciated) when I can go and eat something tasty, at an affordable price and find an option or two on the menu that fits some of the weird dietary restrictions with which I've been living.

Love going here on the weekend for sum awesome prime rib.
We always sit in the bar area great service.
The free bread it so good!
If u have not been here u have to try it out.
I also love the Logan's chicken plate.
If u are a Mac n cheese fan for a side get it here Wow!!!

The food was great as usual but it was the service that set this place apart.
This is the first place we've ever been to that asked us to cut into our steaks to check to make sure they were cooked to our specification.
This little gesture really upped the ante for other reataurants.

Just ok noyhing special here.
Stay away from the shrimp dry and nasty.
The bread is the best part.

Food and service always great   Excellent value.
..especially 2 dinners for $14 99  M-W.  Full portions with 2 sides for each meal

Do not expect service to be expedited if you walk in to take out.
The food is good but the service in house and take out are lacking.
For a steak house it is mediocre at best.
They do have great value dinners if you are on a budget but it is not my first choice for steak house.
The last time here, I think the host had never taken a to go order before and was unsure of how to go about doing such a task.

+_+_+_+_+ Logan's is many kangaroo hops ahead of that Australian place +_+_+_+_        Met friends for a movie and dinner.
The steak I and my wife had were $11.99        I wasn't expecting much for this price.
I'm shocked ....... the meal was outstanding.
The steak was tender .... tasty .... and juicy.
For my two sides ......
I chose a Caesar salad and fries.
The fries were very good.
Next time .....
I would take a pass on the Caesar salad ...... taste wise it lacked zest and was flat.

Oh my goodness oh my goodness!
This was an amazing steakhouse.
My girlfriend and I went there for her birthday dinner.
We ordered the Ribeye steak i ordered the 16oz she the 12 oz, she got hers medium rare and i got mine in between medium and rare.
Hers was really good, and juicy with lots of flavor and easy to chew.
Mine was very juicy and bloody because i like that type of steak, it was nice and soft so it was really easy to chew as well.
Talk about A1 not needed we didnt even touch the A1.
Onto the sides, with the steaks you get two sides.
I got mac and cheese with the sweet potato fries.
It was the best MAC AND CHEESE EVER!!!
And my GF does not like mac and cheese.
She loved it.
The sweet potato fries were amazing.
The salads were good and so was the broccoli.
The service was fantastic our server knew everything about the steaks on the menu.
The atmosphere was also good i loved the peanuts on the floor it was classy!
Lol very good restraunt.

Love this place!
Came here 2 weeks ago and its never disappointing.
My whole family really loves it too.
Great accommodations for large groups.
I highly recommend if you have a wheelchair user in your group

I always pass by this place and never think to have food.
On a whim, I thought Id try it for lunch.
They have a budget friendly lunch that comes with two entrees, two sides for $14.99.
I ordered the pork chop and my date ordered the BBQ chicken.
I was weary of the quality since it was cheap but it was surprisingly delicious and well made.
The server was prompt and delightful.
I am looking forward to returning.
FYI- the special is at lunch from Mon-wed.

This place is hit or mess.
On a good day they're a great place to eat and a good value with excellent service.
On a bad day they can be horrible.

This has become our steak house to grab a good steak without getting fancy!
We have eaten here many times now (after striking OutBack from our list - see my review).
The Steaks at Logan (I always get Ribeye here) have each and every time been perfectly cooked and awesome quality.
The skewered veggies are my favorite so much so that I always order two extra.
Recently they ahve been "raw" and had to be recooked which was disappointing.
When the manager came around (which he always does when we are there) I mentioned it too him.
He made an excuse about them being only heated and not cooked but honestly, you have to COOK zucchini or its hard.
We'll see how that goes next time.
They did "fix it" for me but since we've been there 8-10 times in the past few months and most times they are perfectly cooked, I find it odd.
The atmosphere is a bit too sports bar-like for me but the food is good for an easy casual dinner.

2 Stars are for the service, which we had a very nice server.
Bad taste in food and drink, but very nice.
At best this restaurant is eh...or below average.
The food is of less quality than the average chain located all around this restaurant.
Nothing came out hot so the food was warm/cold and the meat is cooked well unless you ask.
Any place that cooks their food well unless asked is hiding their quality.
This is a Roadhouse place, where when they first opened the peanut shells were thrown into the ground and the food was good.
So on the advice of others it has become a choice of all evils in what they call the Norterra.
With all of these chains I should have know what was to come.
Happy Hour signature tea drinks were horrible.
They were at least strong but I'd rather have it strait if I wanted a kick.
Their nachos were like Chili's chips with a not so liked array of toppings...can/instant tasting.
Wings are small and soft with a nasty aftertaste.
And now the burger...
Although I didn't try their steak, which I can't imagine being any better.
But to cook a burger well and have the specialized ons taste generic is such a negative.
I would hands down of rather of had an In-n-Out burger and feel satisfied.
But I will say the fries are not that bad...regular or the sweet potatoe.
If they actually came out hot.
Oh, and their free peanuts are actually good as well.
So as a punishment for not following my instincts...
I deserved this bad meal and lesson.
But as a Yelp'er to another Yelp'er...please don't make my mistake.
Or go to Red Robin's right next door.

Came to try it out for the first time.
Happy hour specials are a bargain for drinks and small apps.
Server was friendly and non intrusive.
Now for the food, we weren't anticipating the best BBQ but it was sub par at best.
Ribs were fork tender but lacked flavor.
Sirloin stated it was 6oz buy it looked 4oz at best even at raw it was about 5oz.
Fries were on the verge of burnt.
I don't like being a critic but I appreciate good food.
Oh and last none of the stalls in the women's bathroom had toilet paper.
Per my upset wife!

Had a very good experience during lunch a couple days back.
The server was friendly, the food was good and the prices were fair.
I am eating a restricted diet, and found the menu to have many healthy, low calorie options.

Came here for the first time.
Had the onion brewski sirloin & it was delicious.
Cooked just the way I liked!
Side of mac & cheese & house salad were good too.
Everyone says the rolls are amazing but they were just rolls to me.
A little greasy even.
But overall food was great & service was good.
Will be back.

This is a tough review,  When I usually do a review, it's a experience not only by me but also the family.
I was just OK with Logan's.
Service: The service was fine, the atmosphere was good.
We actually had a very good time there, but please note!
Next time we go there, we will be seating in the dining room.
The bar is very uncomfortable.
AND PLEASE WATCH YOUR STEP, wife almost fell!
FOOD:  I ordered the half rack of baby back ribs w/fries.
The ribs were cold, and maybe that took away any chance of a good experience?
Ribs were tough, and just wasn't doing anything for me.
Very disapointed about that, I was really in the mood for ribs.
Fries were good, and their dinner rolls were great!
Now for the rest of the family who had a great time.
Daughter #1 had he usual chicken tenders and fries, Daughter #2 had Mac and Cheese, and the wife had a bake potato and salad.
They all enjoyed their dinner, I had a piece of Daughter #1's chicken and it was very good, loved the texture and spices.
Like I said before, we'll comeback again

Good atmosphere.
Love the bucket of peanuts.
We were seated near the bar which I think is the trainee section.
The server was friendly but slow and did not know the wines on the menu.
They must be animal friendly as my T-bone steak must have died naturally of old age.
Very dry and tough.
Ordered a second beer, when it came it was not the same brand as I ordered the first time.
Won't go back.

Awesome service and food.
We actually got off rte 17on our way home for Red Robbins but decided last minute on Logans as they have a special banner and kids meals for $3.??
since the kids only pick at their meals.
Leslie our waitress was AMAZING!!
Best service ever.
She brought the kids food out first which was nice for once.
She brought us extra napkins and water without the need of us to ask.
She also recommended a mango citrus drink...and it was delicious.
Our meals included Cole slaw, house salad (freshest I've ever seen) Chilli (yummy) veggie skewers, and baked potato ;) teriyaki chicken and bourbon bbq chicken....food was delicious and the bread basket was kept full.
Our total was about $35 for a party of 4.

I went there with my friends family and it was a nice place.
Very casual.
I had a way too large margarita yikes.
Our waiter Jimmy was very nice and when I told him he would be packing up my leftovers he obliged.
I was just practicing my flirting skills.
I guess it worked.
My shrimp was just ok, but my friends meal and her husbands (which they let me taste), were fantastic.
Great sautéed mushrooms, salmon...the hots rolls with cinnamon butter are REDIC amazing.

I was ok Logan's but not impressed by anything they had.
The food was expectable but nothing out of the ordinary.
My steak was average and so was the service.
I just don't have much to say about this place.
There are simply better places to go that have the same food to offer.

About 15 of us got together for a fun lunch here today after touring the nearby North Gateway recycling facility.
They start you out with pails of peanuts in the shell and "Homemade" Yeast Rolls.
Then I went with an "Old Fashioned Cheeseburger" with shoestring fries & coffee.
The rolls and coffee were delicious, the burger, fries and table service ok, but unremarkable.
This is second visit to a Logan's, and this one eeked one more Star out of me than their Mesa location, where I had a steak, but I think this chain falls short of both Texas Roadhouse and Outback Steakhouse.
:-)  Cheeseburger, fries, coffee, rolls, peanuts:  $9.99

First off, this is not a steakhouse.
A steakhouse does not use microwaves and has more than three reds on the menu.
I can get over that - you get what you pay for.
I just wanted a beer and some Mac and cheese to go.
What I can't get over is how STUPID I AM FOR NOT CHECKING MY TO-GO FOOD.
When will I ever learn that it is my responsibility to make sure you dip-shits get it right.
Funny thing is, Wendy's has never gotten an order wrong, but 100% of the time I go into a Chain-o-Rama restaurant like yours I get jipped.
Matt, you forgot my fries on my while-you-wait order.
Btw, the second part of "Chicken fingers with fries" is "FRIES.
" I let that slide because I really didn't want them anyway.
But why, why, why did I trust you to get my to-go order right?
I am such a fool.
I even asked you what "loaded" Mac and cheese was, you told me what loaded Mac and cheese was, and you charged me for loaded Mac and cheese.
So when I get home 15 miles away, where in the flying duck is my Mac and cheese????!!!???
And waaaahhhhhh, you told me like six times your bartender didn't show up.
I don't give a duck, son.
In fact, maybe you should be more diligent with to-go orders without him/her there... We don't care, we just want the Mac and cheese.
To bad I'll never know how goddamm good it is cuz I'll never come back.
60% my fault for not calling you out on the order.
1% dipshit and 39% bad management.
PS wipe the bar down it's disgusting.

