I wanted to buy the Guitar Hero game for my nephew.
I stopped by this latest LV Apple location at the posh Town Square mall to pick one up.
I asked an associate why they didn't have a Guitar Hero game setup on one of the gazillion computers spread around the store:    "Because too many kids would come and play it.
We don't want the distraction from the retail experience.
"  It's all about the dollar dollar Bling yo.
Buy a shiny overpriced pc.
Don't have any fun unless we can immediately profit by it.
Seemed a cold and empty experience, much like this store.
I decided to pick up my copy at Best Buy, where they at least set out a game and let the kids go at it, although the interior design is not nearly as Scandinavian chic.

I'd agree on the BO.
The store feels sloppy, it smells, you can't tell the difference between the sales associates and the customers, and when you do figure it out they say "I'm just an associate, he can help you over there".
I absolutely hate the check out process.
Have to wait for someone to walk up with a hand held device in the middle of the store to be able to purchase anything.

I don't understand why only "certain" associates can order parts for defective products covered by their year-long warranty.
And I most certainly don't understand why you have to make an appointment a day later or further in advance to speak with these "certain" associates when it is 15 minutes to closing and there are only you, five other customers (three of which are browsing the products), and 29 employees.
These "certain" employees are apparently called their Geniuses.
Doesn't take a genius to know that this system is ridiculous.
I JUST WANT YOU TO REPLACE MY BROKEN CHARGING DOCK, GENIUS!
Jesus.

The Genius Bar is like having a significant other who cheats on you: don't hate the player, hate the game.
You want to sock the employees who keep throwing you around like a basketball, saying, "I'm sorry.
I can't help you.
But so-and-so over there can.
" When you finally make it though, they're so nice, you almost feel bad for being pushed around.
I showed up the next day for the Genius Bar appointment I made the day before and even waited 10 min past it because the employees were genius enough to schedule only one dude for the whole bar.
Wade turned out to be the man and had me in and out in five minutes.
Technically, I had already had my gadgets checked out at the store in Irvine, but he still wanted to follow up just in case.
He was supposed to order my charging dock, but he felt bad that the whole process was taking so long for me so he just grabbed one off the shelves and said some other guy who was waiting for a dock could just wait until they shipped another in.
Thanks!

I went to the town square location to purchase a computer.
We checked out the displays for a long time waiting for someone to help us with a few questions and to purchase an imac.
Finally I stood in line to ask for some help and was told by a young lady "follow me to the front of the store and we'll put you on the list"  I followed and it was like she completely forgot I was following her in the whole 1/2 minute walk to the front of the store.
She started putting someone on the list who just walked in the door.
WTF!
We were added to the 30 minute wait list.
Wish I would have known I had to be on a list to spend $2000.
I have never had to be put on a list  at the Fashion Show Mall location.
The sales associate who did end up helping us was extremely friendly and answered all of our questions.
Love my imac despite the poor "system" they have.

The Apple Store @ Town Square offers a nice second addition to the Las Vegas area located inside one of the best shopping malls in town (IMHO)  This store is very large and spacious with two large rows of computers and iPods that stretch to the far end of the store where the genius bar and checkout counters are located.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable as you would expect in an Apple store, and the service although, extremely hurried at times (mostly because of customer volume) is top-notch.

Worst customer service ever!
My wife and I are new to Apple.
We just got IPODs this year, and while we are impressed with the technology, we have not be impressed by the store, the employees or the technical advice.
It was our fault that one of our IPODs was damaged by water, as there was an accidental spill.
I understand our fault in the process, but the experience with the "Genius" Bar made me feel like they thought we purposefully dunked the IPOD in water.
We made an appointment and visited the store on a Tuesday evening.
The store was busy, but not overly busy.
Most customers were just in there to play with the computers.
When we first arrived, I couldn't see any staff except at the Genius Bar.
The first guy who helped us was great, but our problem was not his specialty, so we had to wait 20 minutes for someone else to help us.
We were handed off to 3 different staff members, two of which had nothing to offer us in form of assistance.
We had to wait in line to now "recycle" the device.
The staff did not tell us that we had to fill out a form to complete this process.
Thankfully another customer was able to help us navigate (we knew he wasn't an employee because he was dressed nicely).
After waiting to "recycle" our device, the next employee we talked to first said they were out of the type of device we had.
She later changed her mind when another employee asked her to go in the back.
Later during the transaction (it seemed like it took forever) this same woman was complaining to a co-worker that she would not help anyone else because it was close to quitting time and she would not work overtime.
She then proceeded to tell her drama to her co-worker while we were waiting to get a new device.
I understand bad days.
I've worked in both retail and customer service, but this was unacceptable.
If I would have acted this way in front of customers, I would have been reprimanded.
She may have been the best employee in the world, but even on an off day, you can't do this.
If I need to purchase another Apple product (which I will think long and hard about doing again), I will not be going to the Apple Store at Town Square.

I have frequently made use of of the One to One training that Apple offers for my mother.
I purchased a new Macbook for her and the training has been great.
$99 for all the personal training sessions she wants.
It frees my time up because I am no longer her "personal computer trainer".
She always comes away saying how nice and helpful the folks there are.
The Macs are a little pricey but to get One on One training for her has made it worth it.
We are also always greeted like long lost friends when we come in and I noticed that they even remember our names.
This is our favorite Apple Store location.

I recently purchased an iPhone 4.
I did so via the apple.com website because I prefer shopping online for anything that doesn't need to be tried on...
Saves me from having to deal with crowded malls, filled parking lots and overzealous sales people.
4 weeks after ordering my new phone arrived.
As most people are probably aware, there have been some issues with the newest version of the iPhone, and apple is offering free cases to people that have purchased the phone.
You do not go to the store to get your free case, but I wanted to check out what other cases were available for purchase and I also needed some anti-glare film to prevent my screen from getting scratched.
When I arrived at the apple store it was a zoo.
It is usually a zoo though, they have all of their products out for people to try out and it always seems like there are a dozen people there trying out the fancy technology.
No biggie though, at least I didn't think so at first.
I had been to this store before, I knew where the cases were, so I made my way to the back of the store.
Only to find there were absolutely no iPhone 4 accessories on the wall.
No cases, no film, no replacement docking stations...  At that point, I was fairly certain my trip to the apple store was a bust, but I wanted to confirm that they did not have any back stock of merchandise.
So I looked around for someone to ask.
Didn't see any employees that looked available, most were running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
Despite having a system where people can make appointments to get help from the Genius Bar, staffing seemed very disorganized.
Finally an employee came over to the accessory area to show another customer some iPad items.
I tried to make eye contact with the girl, get her attention in any possible way to make it clear that I needed some assistance when she was available.
Sadly before she noticed me, or even finished with the person she was helping, another customer interrupted her to ask for help.
This was not necessarily her fault, but had she been attentive of who was in the area she would have realized I had been waiting for help the entire time she was in the area.
After she finished with the interrupting customer, she turned to yet another customer that had walked up just a moment earlier, and asked him if he needed assistance.
Thankfully he was polite enough to point me out and explain that I had been waiting longer.
Finally, I was going to get to ask my very simple question!
Or maybe not.
As I start to explain what I was looking for, another apple employee walks up and starts telling the employee that was helping me something.
Um, excuse me?
If you need to tell a co-worker something, and you are not able (or willing) to wait until they are done dealing with a customer, at least have the professionalism to excuse yourself before you cut that customer off.
There was no back stock.
While I won't blame this specific location for not having items in stock that they really should have in stock, I can and do blame the management for not having more organization for the staff and better training on how to handle customers in a professional manner.

I have had several computers that have needed service and I sometimes go here for the fix.
Most of the time, the computer is only at the location during the day to get the fix completed.
During several releases of the iPhone, this has been THE location to come to.
I made the mistake of not coming here for the iPhone 4, but a friend did.
He received his iPhone 4, four hours faster, than I did at the Apple Store inside of the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace.
Yes, there is an Apple Store at Caesar's Palace.
The people working here seem to have a little bit more laid back attitude than the other locations in town, which is nice when I'm in 'testing' out the new precious.

This apple store was pretty nice when I was there with my girlfriend at the time.
A decent size for an open air mall.
Seemed to have a very small crowd considering the time of day and amount of people shopping in the area.
A pretty good experience over all.
Bonus points for location on,.. yet still far enough out of Casino Land.
Plenty of parking not far away too.

Still love the service at Apple.
I had a concern about the service I received.
WHen I commented about it in my survey the manager of the store actually called.
I appreciate that they would take time like that to reach out when I expressed concern about a bad experience.
I really feel like we get great service and attention there.

This Apple Store gets highest ratings from me.
I have been here to purchase computers and I've been here for help and or repair.
I had an issue with software on my MacBook Pro.
I tried to get help through the Apple online discussion groups, but the advice didn't solve my problem.
I made an appointment with the Genius Bar for 3:30 yesterday afternoon.
I arrived at 3:27 and was promptly checked in despite the store being very busy both with shoppers and people waiting for the Genius Bar.
At 3:50, I was called to the bar, and I explained my problem with iPhoto.
The genius asked a few questions, restarted the computer, had me log back into my account, and the problem was over.
He explained what probably happened, and how I know how to remedy the situation if this happens in the future.
I left the store at 3:57 with my laptop in normal working order!
I have been very impressed by the staff here.
It seems like no question phases them at all.
That's why I have an iPhone, iMac, MacBook, and 2 iPods.
I am an Apple person, because their support and availability is outstanding!

Apple store is an Apple store.
Nice, clean, simple.
I could spend my life savings here.

#1.
When my husband and I are making appointments with the Genius Bar and you ask "would you like to make appointments for the same time?
" and I say "Yes", it means... Make me an appointment AT THE SAME TIME!!
When I verified the time with her before leaving she failed to mention MY appointment was scheduled for 45 minutes later!!!
WTF?!
#2.
GET SOME DAMN AIR FILTERS!
I know it's *probably* not the employees that smell but for reals people, NO ONE likes to smell bad body odor.
#3.
Get a more obvious check out station.
The general public doesn't care who was where first especially when they can benefit by simply avoiding eye contact with the person they just cut off.
In addition, you'll also have better organized crowds.
And to be honest, I've put product down simply because I've spent the last 15 minutes trying to buy something only to be sent from one person to the next to the next..
I'll find it online, thanks for the run around and allowing me to marinate in the generous fumes others so kindly left behind them.
I don't know if it's just this location or all of them but ffs, this is getting annoying.

I hate Macs.
There, I said it.
May I be struck down by lightning and my soul be forced to use a Mac II for all eternity.
Now, before you Kool Aid drinkers start flaming me, let me explain.
I have been a PC user since birth and in my line of work, using a Mac is cost-prohibitive and a bit, well, backasswards since I'd have to install Windows anyway.
CURSE YOU MSFT!!!
So every time I walk into this Temple of Job(s), I stoop a little, trying to hide the evny and hope no one notices I've got "Windows Slave" etched in my forehead.
Creating the Apple Store was sheer genius.
Not only can Apple flaunt its goods, but it can provide specialized service to customers.
When you walk into a big box retailer, pickings can be slim and sales people usually know less than a fifth grader.
I was last in here for an iPad 2 and Mike Gonzalez was there to help me.
He was helpful and fast and not only helped me purchase my iPads, but also managed to make me want to take up a new profession and throw my PC out a window.
CURSE YOU MSFT!!!
As with Mr. Gonzalez, all of the employees I've ever encountered here are helpful and at least borderline knowledgeable.
After talking with him, it made me want a Mac even more.
Damn it.

So what can really be said about the Apple Store that has already not been stated.
First off, this place is packed on weekend nights.
So if you are seriously looking to buy and browse and spend time dinking around on a machine to make a purchase decision, then don't come on Friday at 6:30pm.
Come on Saturday at 10 am.
Or maybe Thursday at 1pm.
After a lovely dinner at Oyshi Sushi, we headed down to Town Square to "burn off" some sushi over indulgence.
The Apple Store is on our list of guaranteed stops in Town Square.
Today, we wanted to "play" with the iPad2.
We are huge Mac fans and have had a variety of Mac computers and devices over the years including the infamous "bubble" desktop in lovely aqua, circa 1999ish.
Now we are proud owners of a MacBook Pro.
Anywho...
I love coming into the Apple Store to check out new items before we buy them.
We will usually visit our potential purchase 2 or 3 times before actually buying.
Typically we don't buy any software, peripherals or extras at the Apple Store, but our devices we will get here.
I'm sure once my MacBook Pro takes a shit in about 2 years, we will ante up for whatever product they have at that time.
Mac or die baby!

It's no secret.
I am not an Apple fan.
Apart from a 5th generation iPod that I still use from time to time, I do not buy Apple products.
But you know what the Apple store is perfect for?
Posting last minute Unofficial Yelp Events!
So I have to give it up to Apple.
Unlike many other electronics stores, their products actually have an Internet connection and I was able to post the UYE using one of their many MBPs.
This afforded Yelpers three full hours of notice!
Thanks Steve.

WOW!
I love APPLE, and I love this store.
Its amazing, They greet you and help you and give classes, and fix your stuff!
It is a GREAT model of how to do things right!
I brought my mac in for fixing here and they got it done in ONE DAY!
holy COW!
LOVE everyone who works here, seems like they enjoy their jobs and it shows.
Quality from start to finish.
I wish more businesses were run this way!
You can make a reservation for this store on the Apple website, it cuts down on the wait time dramatically.

Had a quick visit here after realizing I forgot my power cord at home.
The staff was very helpful and pointed me in the right direction.
In and out within 10 minutes including answering my questions---crisis averted!

This apple store is by far the worst apple store I have ever been too; they have the worst customer service.
I walked in this morning and not one person could help me, I tried to stop the employees who were walking by and to ask them for help, and all anyone could say is " I'm helping someone right now" and just continued walking right on by, didn't even offer to have someone else help me out.
So after not being helped or approached by anyone I had just decided to set up a genius bar appointment for my iphone, there was nothing available till the afternoon, and thats fine I don't mind coming back, two hours later, since there was not one person available to even greet me.
Right as I walked in again no one to be found to help me or check me in.
Once I finally found someone available I was a little more than five minutes late for my appointment, and so they cancelled it.
The employee let me know that there was nothing that they can do but schedule another appointment two hours later.
I let her know what the problem is with my iphone and I need it to be looked at, and it is an urgent matter because I use my phone for work.
At any other apple store I've been to in the past, they find some way to squeeze me in if someone is available, and I do understand that they are busy, but she didn't seem to care at all.
I explained to her the problem in detail that my phone keeps dying right after its fully charged and I really need it to be looked at, and if she could find anyone who could take a look at the battery, but she couldn't help at all, which is really inconvenient to come back again for the third time today,  Usually when I go to any other apple store there is always someone who approaches me very kindly and asks if I need any help, and I have always left being helped out and having any problem I had taken care of.

I have a love-hate relationship with this Apple store.
Sometimes my shopping experience is a breeze.
And sometimes I can't get someone to help me at all.
So we'll even it out to 3 stars.
I do, however, appreciate the selection at this location - they tend to have most everything I am looking for - from travel converters to Kate Spade cases.
And when I do get someone to help me, they are always very nice, knowledgeable, and efficient.

I've Been to Apple stores all over the world and this store has the absolute BEST customer service.
So many smiling friendly faces.
I was even able to walk in and obtain service for my iPhone 4S - unbelievable and absolutely unheard of for the Cali stores back home that I frequent.
This Town Square location rocks!

Bright, clean store..,immediate helpful service, but I found myself just staring at how many people can fit inside Apple stores for a few minutes.
I bought my laptop here and just to let you know, they make sure to help you set everything up..your log in, how to register for iCloud, iTunes and everything related to Apple products as well as answer any questions you might have.
I drew blanks on many things that now I wish I could have asked in store.
Your apple care specialist make sure it's working right from the box and are willing to answer most of your questions if you have any.
They are very suggestive to selling training classes, but I knew that I could find 'How to' for Mac uses on YOUTUBE and on the Apple web site directly.
I love my new MacPro and have a lot to learn about it but it's worth the price paid  Yes, Apple is very expensive but it beats all the headaches that a Windows OS laptop gives you and boy do I have stories to tell.
I was so giddy leaving with laptop in hand you have no idea.
'Peace of mind' is what I've invested in.
It would be the best and most intelligent purchase you've made in years.
Go with a Mac.
I assure you you will not be sorry.
If you're sitting on the fence about it, get up off that fence and take your merry lil hind into the store and get one.
I was a fence rider for about 1 year.
No more!

Worst customer service.

Nice store.
Nothing different from the other Apple stores I have been in.
Everyone was nice and helpful, however I found their service to be a little on the slow side.

If you've got a genius appt, try to do it first thing in the morning.
Otherwise, it could be delayed by 10-15 min as the day goes on.
This store gets real busy.
But once you get serviced, the service is top notch.
I brought in a water-damaged iPhone 4S, and had a brand new 4S within 10 minutes, no questions asked.
Can't beat that.

Apple clearly showed its anti-Constitutional colors last night.
Greg the head honcho said that Apple does not allow customers to wear firearm in any of their stores.
Apple does not believe in nor does it support th 2nd Amendment.
I so hate Apple now.
I love my iPhone and was about to purchase an iPad 3.
When I was asked to leave the store and never return.

Needed a new, more sturdy, cover for my iPhone.
Walked right in.
Found what I needed.
Paid for it on my iPhone!!!!!!
And was back out in under 10 minutes.
Gotta love it!

Schön, dass Las Vegas mittlerweile über drei Apple Stores verfügt.
Neben dem ersten in der Fashion Mall, einem weiteren in den Forum Shops gibt es auch im Town Square, ca.
1,5 km vom Las Vegas Premium Outlets South entfernt einen Apple Store.
Bei meinem heutigen Besuch war der Store gut frequentiert und man musste schon deutlich nach einem freien Verkäufer Ausschau halten.
Ich hatte Glück und traf auf einen, der ausnahmsweise einmal halbwegs einen Plan von den Produkten hatte.
Wusste er es nicht bzw.
war sich unsicher, gab er es offen zu.
Damit kann ich gut leben.
Gestern im Apple Store in der Fashion Mall erzählte die Lady im blauen Shirt mir absoluten Mist.
Daran muss Apple insgesamt kräftig arbeiten, da dieses Phänomen länderübergreifen auftritt.
Zurück zum Store im Town Square.
Auch hier ein typischer Apple Store in der gleichen Aufmachung wie weltweit üblich und Applestandard.
Natürlich handelt es sich, insbesondere was den Verkäuferkontakt anbelangt, um eine Momentaufnahme und kann beim nächsten Besuch wieder völlig anders aussehen.

I've been to A LOT of apple stores in my life, having used them since they came out with the apple II GS.
So, I'm not your typical apple-eyed (as another user put it) consumer.
I expect these products to work as advertised for the high price you pay.
First, let me say, I cannot believe how this staff keeps on schedule with their appts considering how insanely busy this store is.
For those of you complaining about the long wait and mishaps in your appts...this store is 10 times busier than even the apple stores in Hollywood.
They are dealing with a lot of tourist repairs and international customers, which demand a very quick turn around.
Unfortunately for Vegas locals, like myself, out of 3 apple stores, all 3 are directly on the strip.
My appt was on time.
My apple Genius was knowledgeable, friendly, and gave me multiple solutions and options.
At no time did I feel pressured to buy anything I didn't absolutely need.
My only problem with this store, and this goes for all apple stores: Give people waiting for the Genius bar a place to sit or at least stand.
The back of the store is always crammed with people gawking at the accessories and software, and I always feel like I'm a piece in a human version of Tetris.

Pretty good service, but really busy and noisy!!
It gets a little overwhelming because the sales people are very knowledgeable and bombard you with useless techy information to I guess impress you??
Anyways I bought the Ipad 3 and it is freaking awesome and makes up for the store.
I would give the Ipad 3 a gazillion stars if I could.
I left it at home today and got really sad when I was driving away.
Boo Hoo!

We arrived when they opened, found them thru yelp.
Not crowded very friendly and we had fast service, probably because it was early.
Everything we wanted was taken care of and we were out of there quickly.

Have to tell you .
it was a FANTASTIC experience for me at this Apple Store.
To begin with a beautiful salesperson, Michelle Johnson, greeted me with the biggest smile and warmest "Hello", I instantly felt comfortable with her..  She was very knowledgeable and guided me through all the in's and out's of the IPhone 4 that I had come to research.
No pressure, just great information.
I made the decision to buy the Iphone 4S after she demonstrated all it could do.
She never rushed me or made me feel as if I was asking too many questions, just patiently answered anything that I asked her.
Mind you, the store was very crowded, I was afraid that I would be passed over quickly, but not so.
After I decided that I would purchase the IPhone 4S Michelle showed me the accessories that I might need.
I made my choices and Michelle helped me with the ones that would be right for me and the ones that wouldin't be needed -- she was very - very helpful.
Michelle spent a good amount of time with me, then needed to go to lunch.
She introduced me to Daniel Wukasch and he continued to help me with every aspect of learning what my new phone could do.
He was patient and very helpful with each and every application that he introduced me too.
I could not have been happier with his help, with all the questions I asked, he never made me feel like any of them were really lame questions.
As it got closer to closing time I met Sabrina Wekerle.
She came over to make sure all was going well.
We spoke about all the wonderful things that my new phone would do and she helped me realize that it was way more sophisticaed and that I could attend workshops that were offered to me for free.
She also helped me with so many other features that I was thrilled.
I can't wait - Michelle Johnson will be teaching the workshops, she is so knowledgeable and I know that it will be a fun class.
I could not have asked for a more rewarding experience.
I will definetly become a MAC user and can't wait to get an Ipod.
I hope that Apple realizes how great these three employee's are and how lucky they are to  have them.
I highly recommend all three of these wonderful folks to help you with all your Apple needs.
Extra bonus, they were all fun people and made the experience of spending money fun.
Thanks to all of them for helping me above and beyond, Carmen

I don't have a Mac, but I'm a rah-rah iPhone and iPad cheerleader.
Unfortunately, every once in a while one of these has a glitch, and I must resort to driving all the way down to Town Square (instead of all the way down to Fashion Plaza - BOO ON APPLE = minus one star) to see a marginally friendly, bored tech specialist at the Genius Bar.
I get to have this privilege since I enrich Apple's coffers by paying for Apple Care plans, so that I don't totally freak when said glitches rear their ugly heads.
I was nearly 10 minutes late for my appointment (no surprise there, since I'm always late).
I actually had two appointments set up, back to back, for both the phone and the pad.
But the tech said that he couldn't find the second appointment, and since I was already late, he doubted whether he could help me with both.
But to his credit, he did, especially since they turned out to be minor issues.
The store was much less crowded than I've ever seen it before, so I didn't have to run interference to get to the Genius Bar at the back of the store.

I love coming here they are always so nice and considerate.
THey always help me with my stupid IPAD  and believe me its the Ipad and not me lol

I had the worst apple experience I've ever had yesterday at this store.
(6-18-12) Usually, apple is incredible with their customer service.
Which is a great reason why I have so many apple products and a great reason why my business only buys apple products from their business team.
Well, I walked in with a friend who wanted to buy a laptop for his daughter.
We are greeted by a younger black guy who thought he was the most brilliant guy in the world.
It felt like I was trying to get him to buy a laptop from me.
I started asking him differences between the retina display MacBooks and the older ones, he didn't care to answer the question.
All he said, was that there are incredible differences.
Solid state drive.
That's all he said!
Then I said that's it??
And he said no, the entire computer internally has changed.
This entire time, he was incredibly condescending and down right rude.
Shocking from an apple employee!
Then we had to wait 45 minutes for us to spend $2000 on a new laptop.
It was a Monday, there were people in blue shirts just talking with each other by the iMacs and laughing it up.
While we're standing there, waiting to be helped.
I came here with a friend of mine who wanted to buy a laptop, because the business department here is great.
But from the experience I had here, I'll never be back to this apple store, even for our business purchases.

I have another 5 star experience with this store.
I had a problem with my Time Capsule.
I scheduled the appointment two days ago for this morning at 11:30.
A few minutes before the time, Goran came over and checked to see I was the person he was to help.
Within a few minutes, he had checked the soft reset I had done with my TC.
He entered some more information and I was up and running again in no time.
I have paid a premium for owning Apple items but it has always been worth it in ease of use, magnificent design, and support like this!
Bravo!
Thanks, Goran!

Let me preface by saying I rarely give 5 stars.
In fact this is only my second, but my first "real" one.
The other was for a Yelp booth, and how can you not love Yelp staff?
I found myself at Fry's (yeah, they're still around) at Town Square with a new MacBook Pro power adapter in hand and ready to purchase.
My previous one had come apart over the course of a week where the cable meets the adapter.
(I read this is quite common, even with careful handling.
) I got to wondering if they had a recycling program so I could avoid trashing my old adapter.
On a whim I decided to call Apple while waiting for the next Fry representative to finish with a customer.
The Apple rep said they can set me up with an appointment in 30 minutes and talk to the Genius Bar about recycling the item.
Since the price at Fry's wasn't any less than Apple's for a new adapter I decided to meet with a Genius rep.
Within five minutes of arriving for my appointment I met with the rep. She checked the serial number on my MBP (out of warranty by the way), entered some information on her iPad, and next thing I know I'm getting a new adapter in exchange for my old one.
Hell yeah!
Info on the adapter replacement program: http://support.apple.com/kb/TS4127?viewlocale=en_US&locale=en_US

I think it's pretty effed up when you take your daughters ipod to have a cracked screen looked at...and the first question you're asked is "do you have an appointment?

The Apple Store at Town Square in Las Vegas is a wonderful store, with great products.
I say check it out for sure.
Parking - Not bad, street parking is not too available but there is a garage in back of the store that is easily accessible.
- 3 star  2.
Ambiance - Come on, this is an Apple Store.
Plenty of stuff to play with and by far a more superior experience to view and play with Apple products and accessories - 5 star.
Customer Service - If you are here to buy a computer, you need to know that you should walk in and speak to one of the peeps using an iPad.
They will make an appointment or guide you to a person.
If you want an accessory,  good luck.
You are on your own, and you will have to fight to find a rep.
They will not make eye contact with you and not be scanning to see who they can help.
In fact, it is probably the worst customer service when you compare it to the awesome products - 1 star.
Management - Have you ever wondered who is running the place or who makes things happen?
I know lines to buy things are old school, but how are things done?
Why are desirable products stacked 9 feet in the air?
Never been able to locate a manager visually.
1 star.
Prices - I find that their prices are generally 10% more expensive than other places and this is a shock.
2 star.
Selection- Wow, how bad can you get?
I am amazed at the lack of selection, except of course if it is a specific apple product.
1 star.
Experience - Overall the experience is piss poor.
I believe the product is great and the people have become an enigma of themselves and are no longer top notch.
They think they are and they act as if you should be honored to be in their presence.
1 star.
GK says, great stuff, not great staff.

This place is just too chaotic.
There is literally no customer service.
If you don't make an appointment, you are screwed.
(I was advised by a relative to arrive 15 minutes early and still didn't get helped until my scheduled appointment)I had a broken iPhone and needed to see what my options were as far as getting a replacement.
I honestly did not feel that the associate I worked with was particularly interested in helping me and, at times, was a tad condescending.
She may replace broken phones all day long, but it was new experience to me and I would have appreciated a little more explanation of pricing, Apple Care and even if se had tried to fake some level of customer service, it would have been more than what I encountered.
The only reason I'm not giving them one star is because they had iPads set up for kids to play with and it kept my daughter entertained.

Since I've been an Apple user since the late 80's, I would normally give this place 6 stars but it's always a zoo when I go there.
I mean... wall to wall people.
Even with the place completely PACKED, I was still able to get my hands on anything I was interested in (ipod mini, nike "watchband", etc.).
It's Apple, so they always have the latest in products and ideas.
It didn't take too long for an associate to find me standing by the software and ask to help me.

I think the review on this store highly depends on customer satisfaction.
My first time here, I felt that I was rushed and not helped with my concerns fully (thus i'd give it 1).
The next couple of times though, I was assigned to really good techs and they were very accommodating that they made sure all my questions were answered before moving on to their next customers (thus I'd give it 5).
To be fair, I'd give it a three, yet I'll def update this soon based on my next experiences.

Poor Customer service  .
This location sucks!
Bitch with Ipad checking in appointments acting like her job is so hard that she has to power trip and be rude!
Remember Apple people you work there and customers like myself keep you employed by spending our $$$$ So stop being cunts!

I've been to all of them in Vegas.
My favorite one simply because the staff is helpful and efficient.
You don't feel like an idiot when you have a problem and they offer solutions on how to fix your problems besides buying apple.
They give you all the options.

I finally decided it was time to replace my iPhone.
I've been experiencing some battery issues the last couple of months and been hitting up Genius Bars throughout California to temporarily fix my phone.
During my last visit in San Diego, they suggested that I replace my phone quick before my warranty runs out.
I always avoided this specific Apple because of how busy it always seems to be.
There's plenty of Apple employees willing to assist, but when it's busy it can get a little nerve racking at least for me.
If you ever go to Apple to get something fixed or looked out, you must make a reservation.
You got no choice and walkin's are not accepted.
My appointment was for 4:40 PM.
I arrived early and unlike most Apple's, I was actually not seen until about 5 minutes later.
The Apple I usually go to is slow enough that they're able to assist me quicker.
This one is busy, so a wait is kinda what I expected.
My phone was eventually looked it and it was immediately replaced with a new one.
Like most Apples, service was great and what I came for was taken care of.
Overall, still a fan of Apple and will continue to come here when needed.
TIP:  I'm one of those fools that needs to know where a particular store is located, especially in a mall or shopping center.
This was my first visit here and wanted to know where to park.
I searched Yelp reviews and even attempted to call Apple just to find out where exactly in Town Square they were located by.
A friend told me right next door to Banana Republic.
Like I really knew where that was.
And when I asked her where Banana Republic was, she stated right next to Apple.
If you want to know, Apple is located near the South Garage or in between The Container Store & Whole Foods.
Always good for me to know the best place to park so that I'm in and out.

I came here strictly for the Genius bar and I was extremely satisfied with the service I received.
I don't find myself in Apple Stores very often if I can avoid it, but I was sent here by my local AT&T store to "fix" an issue I had with my phone.
The Apple Genius went straight to work, with very little wait and helped me get my iPhone up and running again.
It turned out that there was nothing wrong with my phone, but he succeeded in pointing out how terrible the service I received at AT&T was and he was very sympathetic.
He was able to replace my SIM card, yes it was merely a SIM card issue that the AT&T guy was too lazy to deal with and stayed with me the entire time to make sure everything was up and running smoothly since he knew how frustrated and tired I was from dealing with this issue all day.
Excellent and friendly service.
I hope I never need them again, but glad to know that if I do, they will be there ready to provide great service again.

So disappointed ...
Took my girlfriend few weeks ago to purchase a new laptop, apparently Canadian taxes are higher than here, but the old lady we go to explain her about the retina laptop had no idea what she was talking about, so we had to find somebody better train.
Than few days ago decided to visit the store again in search of new gadgets, but the place was toxic...smelled worse than a Golds Gym in a Tuesday night!
I had to run for the exit and never look back!
I guess I'm gonna have to resume to Internet shopping or go the another location.

Not Happy with my iPhone 5.... And the service there is just ok now.
Apple somehow I feel it's not the same without Steve Jobs.
I had some hardware problem with my phone and the staff keep telling me it's the crack I have on my phone.
Which I told them, I can live with that but fix the other problems I have such as phone is over heated, lagging.
And they don't event fix none of that and my phone still within 1 year warranty.
Well, getting change to Samsung Galaxy S4 Soon

Apple products sell themselves, but it's the staff who is knowledgeable and yet can explain how to operate the products to someone in very easy terms.
i like this location because it's rarely a mob like Fashion Show or Forum Shoppes.
Our "Genius" walked us through set-up and purchasing our iPhone 5's right in the same place in the store, so there was no need to wait in line after deciding what to get.
Never in my life have I met anyone who wasn't friendly at an Apple store and they are personable beyond just selling products!

I Been in to look around.
The store is cool but I'm not to sure of what I want.
When I enter I ask a lot of questions.
And the people who work here don't seem to know about the phones as much as they should.
I find that not a lot of people who work here they themselves don't even have a apple phone.
Maybe I will stick with my droid.
I wanted to know about things such as insurance and what if's and they just could not be of any help to me.
What they did say is that apple care offers you a great deal for the first two years.
But the buck stops their they act like they been trained to say that and nothing more.

Nice store it is always full but they help you right away service is great

I had to come to the Apple Store four times within two days to have my issues completely resolved.
I originally went in on for a dead battery.
Was told my fan was acting up but it was not an immediate issue.
Brought it home and it wouldn't start (it started in the store).
Went back again that day and was told it was because of the fan.
Received a call the next morning saying that it was functioning but my computer had some directory damage that did not need to be fixed right away.
Went in to pick it up and it was not starting.
Was told rather rudely that it was due to the directory damage even though I had initially been told it did not need to be fixed right away.
I asked why this had not been discovered the day before when the diagnostic was run and the guy said he didn't know.
Left to listen to the message again and came back to speak to a manager.
The on the fourth visit, I dealt with Ashley, Robyn, and Denny.
They all made me feel MUCH better despite my frustrations.
They were nice, apologetic, and helpful.
Denny walked me through EVERY step of the diagnostic he ran and discovered that my drive was failing so doing what the last tech said would not have resolved the problem completely.
He helped me find my last time machine back-up and was very reassuring.
They took care of the repair for free and now my computer runs like new.
Nick helped me when I returned for the fifth and final visit to retrieve my computer.
He was also extremely helpful.
Employees like them make frustrating problems a lot easier to deal with.

I have bought my ipad, ipod, 2 macbooks, macbook cover, and made an appointment with Genius Bar at this location.
The service is good and they always smile at everyone.
The moment you walk into the door you are 98% of the time greeted and ask if you need any assistance in anything.
Whenever I buy anything the sale is really quick and pain-free.
The Genius Bar, when I made an appointment I had to wait an extra 30minutes I forgot the reason why I had to wait long and I started to get antsy.
The first appointment I had the service I received was fast and efficient.
They couldn't fix my problem but I just had to deal with it and figure it out on my own.
The second encounter is I did a walk-in at the genius bar.
I was informed that I needed an appointment and the rest of the day was booked, but they eventually got me in within 20minutes.
Overall, its a great apple location

Okay - we are here in Las Vegas from Prescott Valley, Arizona... 4 hours away.
After reading some of the reviews I went to this store with some trepidation.
My wife's iPad3 was having sound/volume issues and this would be our first exposure to Apple Stores and Genius Bars - and nowhere near home turf.
I expected the worst - and was pleasantly surprised.
We were met at the door by a young woman who set an appointment for us only 15 minutes away.
Within 25 minutes we had met our tech, who diagnosed a hardware issue, swapped out her iPad for another, helped us erase the old one, and sent us on our way.
Very courteous, helpful, and efficient.
For us the entire event was very positive.
I would go back to this store again - have to give credit where credit is due....
These people really came through for us and we appreciate it.

Of the three apple stores in town, this location (Town Square) is probably the most busy.
Genius Bar appointments for service or even workshops fill up much faster than the other stores.
The employees say its because locals prefer coming to Town Square rather than competing with tourists on the Strip at the Fashion Show/Forum Shops.
Filled up appointment spots also means that this store often runs behind on scheduling.
Waiting 10-15 minutes past your appointment is not uncommon on their busier days.
So yeah, this store gets a little packed but other than that its pretty much the same as the other ones in town.
Apple has done a great job in creating a uniform customer service experience regardless of which Apple store you visit.
The service is friendly, the employees are helpful but not pushy.
The demos and set-ups look like any other Apple retail store, and they consistently have their products in stock.
Book an appointment early if you need the Genius Bar, and remember there is a convenient parking garage right behind the store!

This is a very busy store, the staff are all very friendly and they have all their products out for you to try.
If you are going in for an appointment, you need to be aware that they might forget about you even after you have checked in, again they are very busy.
Once you do manage to get a trainer they are very helpful.
We had JF as our first trainer and he was excellent.

Here is some information on this store since it closed down for remodel and reopened on 8/10.
The big change was that they added a third row of tables running the length of the store.
You thought it was packed enough already, well it's harder to get around the store even more.
They also took out the two rows of accesory areas towards the back of the store.
They did make the Genius bar area accessible on both sides rather than one.
Some of the other stations they set up was to make genius appts, a set up station, a one to one station, and group class station all in the area where they displayed accessories.
All of that has been pushed to the sides of the retail area, and can no longer demo any of the bluetooth and other speakers that were set up before.
But as always its difficult to get anyone to help you as this place is just so crowded on weekends and weekday afternoons.
The best time to go is early in the day during the week to get any kind of 1:1 attention if you're gonna spend that kind of money on a Mac, Mac book, or Air.

Like many of you, I had the same issue with the charger for IPhone 5.
When I bought it, it was a little twisted near the head and it was working just fine.
Over a time it started pealing off and it got to the point where it stop charging my phone.
I looked online and I noticed that so many people have the same issue with this particular charger.
I went to the store today and I spoke with the apple manager Robbin and she cut me off immediately telling me that I need to buy a new charger.
I truly believe that apple does this on purpose and look at it as a new source of generating revenue.
After spending thousands of dollars on apple products over the past ten years, they truly heart my feelings for $20 charger.
It's not the money, it is the unfair practice that is implemented in their revenue strategy.
It's time to move on Apple.
Enough is enough.

This store is busy!
The sales staff is very helpful.
I have purchased, phones, laptops, and ipads here..
Knowledgeable staff (they will find the answer for you).
Genius bar "geeks" are super helpful, I know they are thinking "Are you really this tech challenged?
" But they never act like that, they just smile and help.
The staff is knowledgeable, and helpful.
I would buy the "Apple Care" they don't push it, but I have never been disappointed, battery, covered, software, covered, drop it (UUGGHH) covered.
Had a problem with my iphone, went in, handed it off, problem solved in less than 10 min..
Ya, staffed with rock stars that know their stuff.
I love all of my Apple products, the service is stellar, buy the Apple Care, it is worth every penny.

Best Apple store.
They're busy but super organized.
Greeted within seconds of entering the store.
Introduced to a super knowledgeable, honest, friendly sales guy.
Apple always has smart staff but the speed of response and demeanor in these busy stores can be missing.
Not at this location, great experience.
I had formerly stopped buying apple products in their store for many years based on some chaotic experiences.
If you want a new computer or device, highly recommend this Apple location.

This is my second trip here.
(2011 was the first.
)  I'm writing this review from the store where I've been lingering at a MacBook for 30 minutes.
Not once was I greeted.
Several employees passed me without asking if I needed help with anything.
It wasn't particularly crowded but I did notice several people come in after me that were quickly approached.
I had a similar experience the first time I came here in 2011 so I don't think it's just a one time thing.
I'll stick to my home store in Clarendon or even the one in Caesar's.
Both have far better service.

I unfortunately went to this store to get a replacement iPad.
After backing up my info to the cloud,which supposedly saves information, and installing the iOS on the new iPad, the "genius" started downloading the information to the new iPad.
He then left.
30 minutes later I'm still waiting for the information to download.
He traipses by and notices I'm still sitting there.
He looks at the new iPad with black icons taps them so that they start downloading.
I could have used that info 30 minutes ago.
He then said since everything is downloading we can delete the information off my old iPad so could box it up.
I said I wanted to wait to make sure all the information transferred.
No worries, he said and proceeded to have me delete my old iPad info.
Shouldn't have listened to him.
When everything was finished downloading I opened some of my programs/games and you know what happened, the information was gone on 5 programs.
I tried to get the information transferred from a game that I had played for a year and spent quite a bit of money on.
The "genius" gave it 2 tries then told me I would have to figure it out for myself.
Unfortunately I needed the old iPad's information that he had me delete.
I received no further help.
In fact he disappeared from sight.
Talked to the manager of the store and he said that the genius should of told me that games don't transfer, he did not!
It was also strange that 10 other game did NOT disappear.
The manager also told me I needed to take their classes on how to use my iPad correctly.
Jerk!
Don't use this store.
They overbook the Genius Bar.
They do not employ geniuses and the manager thinks it's okay to insult one's intelligence.
They have a very inflated opinion of themselves.
Obviously the rest of us are just morons.

Very nice store.
Many gadgets.
Worst customer service I have ever experienced.
I thought I was invisible.
I had to stand near a associate for 15 minutes until she was done talking to a customer about personal matters.
Was told I needed to make an appointment.
She showed me where to make one on a computer, and when I turned around a second later to ask her a question, she was walking off already.
I'll make an appointment next time, but at a different store.

Showed up to this location 12 minutes late due to construction in the area.
Was told I was 2 minutes too late to have someone help me.
Mind you, there were 6...SIX...costumer service reps staring at me (doing nothing as far as I could tell) while I was being told this!
If they were really busy I would get it, but this was not the case.
:-(.
I ended up going to the Apple Store at Fashion Show mall and received AMAZING service there.
Skip Town Square and just go to Fashion Show, you won't be sorry!

It was launch day for the iPad Air.
I knew I didn't want to stand in line so I ordered it online to be picked up opening day.
I arrived just shortly after opening.
There was a line for people who didn't order ahead of time and another line for preorders.
Fortunately I didn't have to wait nearly as long as the others.
The guys outside directing people where to go were so happy and upbeat!
I was approached by Michelle who was such a cheerful and helpful employee!
All we had to do was give her our confirmation number.
There were 'runners' in the back to bring out the product for those on the sales floor.
Before I knew it, I had my new electronic toy and was on my way back home.
The whole experience probably took about 15 minutes!
That's how quick and efficient they are!
I am such an Apple fan.
I love their products and their stores.
I always have great customer service when I need something.
I should've taken Forrest Gump's advice and invested in the 'fruit' company back in the 90's.
Thanks again Apple!

Such a busy store!
I needed to get my new ear plugs replaced since it was defective.
I walked in with no appointment, but their friendly associates helped me by scheduling an immediate appointment.
I was able to walk in and out of the store in less than 30 minutes with a brand new pair of ear plugs.
I will definitely come back here if I have any iPhone questions/problems in the future.

Customer service honestly in one of the worst.
The communication between the Apple store pick up and the customer store is minimal if at all existent.
For being such a busy store you would think they would have a general idea on how to expedite an order.
While friendly in nature, the truth is most "genius" or "geeks" in the store walk around mindlessly with listless eyes.
As if they are waiting for the zombie apocalypse to happen so they can be one with the crowd.
A few suggestions.
Understanding that state provisions can only allow you to do so much in terms of picking up items while someone else purchases them (affects PCI Compliance laws), there needs to be a smarter system to be able to communicate with the actual store to expedite orders.
Especially when nothing special is to happen to the order like engraving or other accessories.
For a company that's suppose to be a leader in the high tech industry it's rather pathetic the level of customer service they are.
Will see if Apple can survive the surge that Google has done to become better in almost every category.
Five hours waiting.

While I am a huge fan of Apple products and their sleek contemporary designed stores, I find them grossly overpriced, especially their accessories.
However, their staff are all quite knowledgeable and their Genius Bar solid in getting all my items repaired.
Plus, the fact that all their devices are connected to the internet is awesome if you need to check email or do something online that is to much of a pain in the ass to do on your smart phone.
Well played Apple.
Well played.

First I was assisted by an associate by the name of Sean.
He was very knowledgeable and told me what I could do in the situation I was in with my defective mophie case.
I then told him I had lost my receipt unfortunately so I was then passed on to his manager (I'm mad I didn't catch his name) to see if they could pull up my emailed receipt.
He was SUPER understanding and professional.
We didnt retrieve my receipt, but he did fix the situation really quickly.
I'm so entirely grateful I dealt with this apple store.
Thank you again!!

i visited today at the apple store at town square and had the pleasure to work with rem and dominique  both the girls were very understanding and helped me out beyond words great customer service girls , well done!

This place is always busy, always a bustling feel when I walk in.
Like most apple stores it has a sleek, clean feel to it.
The customer service is Impeccable.
I went to buy Apple TV yesterday and was given excellent guidance waiting in the que for a geek.
I was in and our and I spent a c note real fast.

It's true--the Apple store does get busy during the early afternoon at TS because it's such a popular local shopping spot, but don't be alarmed~ They are relatively not busy during the later hours!
I have to say Customer Service was amazing!!
I did have to bug them to pay attention to me, but they DID make up for it with their fun personalities and super useful knowledge.
Now for that obvious question no one answers up front:  Is the APPLE STORE the best place to buy Apple products?
Well, I have a few answers for you that might help you:   (1) For the customer service, YES.
Apple has some of the best customer service and technical support around.
If you always have issues with your computer, you should really buy it with in the store.
(2) For quality, YES.
Sometimes buying at other places can land you a defective product that Apple will not replace because you didn't buy it from the company.
I have an iTouch that doesn't work properly that I bought somewhere else :(  (3) For the price, NO.
If you're trying to save money, then shop around.
Just keep in mind that sometimes the quality isn't the same and you still have to go to the Apple Store for technical support.
Don't get your accessories here either if you don't want to spend a ton!
Also, Apple has small discounts for college students and certain other specific things.
DON'T be afraid to ask!!!
Stay mainstream with the cool kids, buy Apple stuff!!

***CONS*** * Over 30 minute wait for service at "genius" bar * iphone 5 glass repair machine is BROKEN * Sold me an iphone 4 for $199, but COULD NOT ACTIVATE IT!
* "Genius" attempted to activate the new phone for 3 hours to no avail!
* "Genius" also "helped" the couple next to me and successfully deleted all of the woman's 3500+ photos, then told her her phone had a virus which was now uploaded to icloud, and for her to not restore her photos.
Yes, she was crying * Almost got a parking ticket - thankfully I was just going out to check the meter * Thankfully I brought my spouse with me to watch my phone because you CANNOT LEAVE YOUR IPHONE UNATTENDED!
* After 3 hours, we had no more time to waste and had to return to our home 100+ miles away.
We left with our phone and a sticker with the Serial No.
and MEID No.
* When we got home we were able to activate the phone with our service provider within 15 minutes.
* We called the apple store to ask for our box, ear buds, charger, etc.
and they said the "Genius" bar only does swaps!
They DO NOT GIVE YOU EQUIPMENT (box, manual, etc) that goes with that equipment!!
* TOTAL WASTE OF TIME!!!!!

After a miserable time at frys.
My wife and myself decided to cruise over to apple and check it out.
Im glad we did.
We needed a new computer and we are a bit impulse at times haha, we decided today was the day.. We were both off work had the money and did some research, let's go see what happens.
We got to the store and it was busy but we were greeted quickly and politely.
We had a idea of what we wanted but still had questions.
We were helped by Danny who not only answered our questions but pointed out things and questioned us to get us exactly what we needed.
I was blown away by the service that was given by this young man.
He put me at ease with this sizable (to me) purchase.
We got home set our new 27 inch iMac up and love it!
Not only would I recommend this computer but I would highly suggest to anyone to go to this store and if possible see Danny.
I am extremely pleased... You get what you pay for as they say...
I definitely feel I got more tonight....
Thank you apple... Danny keep up the great job, you knocked it out of the park my man..

This is my second review of this store and I have to say it was just as bad the second time as it was the first.
I was greeted and told to wait for a James John or some name of that type I waited for over 30 minutes for a gentleman to walk up wearing a winters Knit hat and sporting a goatee and I could not  get his name I think it was John James again one of those names that I was supposed to be waiting for he was very rude very hoity-toity.
He asked if I was waiting for him I said yes he then ask if I had an appointment, I said no.
He the asked everybody around me if they had an appointment with him they all said no.
He then returned his eyes to me and with a tip tip tap tap on a iPad he declared he could see me at 12:45 or so.
Two hours away.
I said I could not wait and I was told in a very Alice in wonderland fashion no appointment for a genius no appointment then you do not get to see a genius.
Really.
Nobody there waiting with an appointment.
He did not even ask what my issue was who knows maybe he could have answered my question faster then it took him to try to belittle me.
This is my second time at this Apple store and it was my last.
Apple would be wise to realize that consumers who buy their products.
Like MacBook Pro three iPhones two iPads two iPods  Apple TV have other options.
Android is looking better and better.
Bottom line a consumer left your store with regret that they have your product.
Not a very good marketing stance to take.

I came into the store looking for new headphones that would go over my ears so they wouldn't fall out while I run.
I made the mistake of stopping near the nano ipods when an employee came by and tried to bumrush me into buying something.
No, thank you.
I just walked further into the store and ignored her.
There were plenty of headphones that matched what I needed, but most of them were so expensive.
The one I bought happened to be wireless only, but the mini ipod wasn't, so I decided to purchase a nano ipod because it does have wireless capabilities.
The employees when I bought my headphones and when I bought the ipod were far better than that first person who greeted me and didn't try to overwhelm me with pressure.
This is just an average Apple Store though, nothing great about it.
It is nice that I can charge my phone through their laptops, but it's not a place I go into for fun.

I made an appointment at the Genius Bar for 2 pm on a Saturday.
Once I arrived, I realized that I had made my appointment for the Fashion Show Mall location instead of the Town Square one.
Doh!!
I explained my mistake to the employee responsible for checking people in and she said they could fit me in within in next 20 minutes.
I hung out for a bit and was helped within 30 minutes.
The customer service was excellent so it was well worth the wait.
Other reviewers are right-- it does get busy, but the employees don't seem to get flustered for irritated.
Very cool.

I came to this Apple Store and was impressed by the Apple Geniuses - especially Rem and Sabrina!
They were both so friendly, patient, and knowledgeable!
They also spoke in simple terms without seeming condescending.
Upon entering the Genius area, I was immediately greeted by a Genius around 11:00 AM, who asked if I had an appointment.
I did not have an appointment, but he gladly informed me he had an opening at 12:00 PM.
In a perfect world, he would have had an opening right away, but I completely understand that I should have made a reservation and am extremely grateful that I was able to schedule a reasonable time (other Apple stores have turned me away without a reservation).
Right around 12:00 PM, I was greeted by Rem who thanked me for my patience (although she was basically on time) and asked about my issue, which involved a faulty proximity sensor on my iPhone.
She analyzed my device and asked if I had backed up my phone., which I found I had not.
Despite it being a busy afternoon, Rem allowed me to wait about 30 minutes for my iPhone to backup while she assisted other customers.
Shortly after, she had to go on break, so she politely passed me on to Sabrina.
She introduced me to Sabrina, explained the next steps, and even provided me with a charger so my dying phone could complete its backup.
As my phone backed up, I watched Sabrina assist many clients and was impressed by how professional, knowledgeable, relatable, patient, and warm she was.
Once my phone was finished, she quickly reset it.
The problem was not resolved, so she provided me with a new phone right away - no questions asked.
I would recommend this Apple Store to ANYONE having problems with their iPhone!
They will solve your problem!

Ok...so I am not a tech geek, and all I wanted to do was ask a few questions about an apple product that I was going to purchase from the store.
From the time I walked into this place I felt uneasy.
I was blatantly ignored by their customer service people (I know that I looked lost, but nobody even asked if I needed assistance or tell me I needed to make an appointment to just purchase an item).
However, after reading some of the reviews, I understand that the customer service people are "Apple Geniuses" with whom you have to make an appointment with.
It would have been nice to know that...especially since I associate a "store" as a place where there are salespeople to help you, items to buy, and a cashier to ring you up.
I thought that you only needed an appointment if you needed an Apple product to be serviced.
So it is my bad for my misconception of what is called the "Apple Store"....the name is quite misleading.
Now I know that this is not a place to ask a quick question or buy anything unless you have an appointment.
Weird!!!

Every time I visit here I have the greatest experience, Aj went ahead and helped me out with my iphone5 today, he was very knowledgeable, & presented very excellent customer service, tysm for sharing your preferences on how to run my phone

When I need to purchase a new beefed up mac, this is my go-to location!
Located in Town Square, this store is very close to my office.
I work with the business team there and they are very helpful, always keeping me abreast of the latest and greatest products based on my wants and needs.
As usual, if you want quick and efficient service that doesn't involve purchasing a product, it is wise to schedule an appointment.
It's amazing how packed every apple store in every city is!
No need to review the products, I have never had any serious issues with Apple.
You do get what you pay for.

Nicky is my hero!
I hope that when you have an email related issue, changing from PC to a MAC, and from outlook to apple mail, and want good conversations about EDC, or perhaps need a roommate, you get him.
Sigh....   :-)

The checkin person was rude... And these rest of the staff seemed either rude or aloof to me...
Checked in early, guess that's a problem.
I'll go to a different one next time...

WOW..
I am a fan of this store but not today.. What a bummer..
Went in with my power adapter that was fried...
I mean the only thing that did not happen was sparks and a fire..
Seriously..
It is only a 2 year old power adapter for the Mac Book Pro and it looks like a rat chewed the crap  out of it.
Anyone who knows me knows I take very good care of my electronics and I was shocked that this happened.
However, what was even more shocking was the  attitude of the snotty little blonde girl (with a bad dye job I might add) who was supposed to be helping me...
ZERO help..
I have apple care, "UM, no this is not covered, looks like regular wear and tear, and there is no recall.
" Liar, liar pants on fire!!!
Many ppl have had a similar problem with this device..
I am on hold with apple right now..  Shame on you apple store for keeping this person in your store working with your clients.
I suggest you have a training class for attitude (or lack of attitude) for your employees at this store.. Bad business...Boo  UPDATE: So my faith is restored today after going into the Apple store to purchase a power adapter.. see above.. Andy who is an Apple Genius (an a really nice caring person) asked if I was replacing an adaptor or just needed a back up..
I explained what happened, told him I spoke to Apple, explained about the way I had been treated the night before..
He seriously had a 30 second conversation with a manager and just gave me the adapter.. An adapter that basically burns up is a safety issue, not a wear and tear issue...
So thank you Andy, you are a rock star..
I will be back, I love Apple products, and 90% of the time your employees are really nice and helpful...

LOVE this Apple Store.
Have been going there for over five years and only had positive experiences.
Kudos to Nick, the Tech who took care of my recent problem.
I'm still smiling.

