I'm so disappointed with this Location!
I have been here more than 5 times now,and each and every time the cookies have not been properly baked!
Underdone and or old!
I can tell just by looking at them,I don't know why I continue to waste my money here.
I gave them a chance being that they were new, but their cooks really need to get a clue, none of the other locations I have been to have a problem with their cookies only this one!
I will not go back here for cookies or anything else!

My first Yelp!
After spending a lot of time on yelp I have finally become one of you.
I hope the initiation is not too painful or humiliating.
After much deliberation,  Paradise was decided upon for a lunch meeting because of it's free WI-Fi and decent food.
When I arrived, i scoped the place out and found that the only tables that had access to plugs were the ones with uncomfortable chairs, oh well suck it up I say.
I sat down and got a diet coke and waited for my associate to show.
Shortly after sitting and sipping my drink I realized that it was colder than I or any one else could tolerate without dressing like an extra in Fargo.
I went out to my truck and got another short sleeve shirt to cover myself with.
This did nothing.
When my lunch partner showed she gave up one of her hoodies.
I put on a much to small sweater and was glad to have it (for a visual, you can check my profile pic.).
Slightly disturbing.
We were the two svelte people with the hoodies on in case you were wondering.
We then headed up to the line to order some food.
I got the Thai Chicken Wrap and she basically made up her own salad combining three or four different salads into a new concoction.
The salad maker was very accommodating to her and made a pretty mean looking salad.
I was jealous.
The Thai Wrap was anything but impressing.
It basically was a combination of sticky sushi style rice with cabbage and sliced chicken, BOOO!
The Thai peanut sauce came on the side and it tasted like Thai peanut sauce.
The WI-Fi that we came in for was slow!
We were doing lots of research that involved streaming media and it could not handle the traffic.
Time was a wasted.
When the corporate lunch crowd came in it offered a lot of opportunities for people watching.
So if you are into to analyzing  what makes the cubicle zombies keep on going then this offers some prime viewing.

Dear Sarah G,  Thank you for the suggesting we go to Paradise cafe.
I tried the cookies and they were A-OK. Perhaps it is time to return for a 6th try?
Sincerely,  Jenn H  Now back to my regularly scheduled review of Paradise Bakery:  First of all... WHY THE CRAP WAS IT SO COLD IN THERE?
Even my poor little Yelp hoodie couldn't keep me warm.
I ordered soup - SOUP in July!
- to keep me warm and that did not work.
Perhaps that is because the soup was made out of a melted salt lick.
But that's another issue.
Oh...  My salad was dope   They have Fresca in the soda fountain (Yes!
)  They gave me a free cookie  3 different types of iced tea   The bathroom was very clean   Free internet rocks   But if you intend to eat here bring a snow suit.
Or possibly a snow suit, pile of blankets, ear muffs and a space heater.
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Still shivering.

The food is pretty standard and the parking immediately in front of this place stinks.
I've always had their salads and they are either a hit or miss.

I come here to do research because the wireless is pretty fast, but I am pissed that there policy is to filter whatever the hell they want.
The food is just ok.
The soup is average and the salads are pretty good once I modify there regular ones.
I don't like their sandwiches at all.
Really, I only come here for the ice tea.
I like free wireless and I like ice tea.
They need more booths with outlets, and they need to turn the AC DOWN!
It's FREEZING in there!

I love Paradise cookies!
We need you in Nor Cal!!!!
Every time I'm in AZ, I have to get my fix.
Before going to the airport I got my dozen cookies.
$8 for 1 dozen!
That is totally worth it.
How do they manage to be so soft?
It's probably all the butter.
I don't care because they are so good!
I got the large crumbed blue cheese walnut salad with chicken that 2 of us shared and we were full.
The bowl is huge.
I watched him make my salad and he put 5 scoops of cheese and a huge handful of cranberries!
I opted to change the dressing to balsamic instead of having the caesar since I had 1 dozen cookies to eat I thought I could be somewhat more healthy with the dressing.
The dressing was a little disappointing.
I was expecting it to be slightly sweet but it wasn't and there was rosemary in it?
I only like rosemary on my chicken!
I guess I should have stuck with caesar dressing.
Oh well!
On my next visit to az...

Upon recently arriving from California, my nephew and I stumbled into Paradise Bakery, if only to try their coffee.
We were a bit mesmerized by the cookies display, and hugely tempted, but decided to stick to our already calorie-laden coffee drinks for the time being.
The coffee was fine, and a pleasant change from the swill served at most Starbucks nowadays.
Upon approaching the exit, we noticed the free sourdough bread samples and dipping sauces, and had to give 'em a try.
The sourdough was really good, as much as you can tell from a couple of cubes of the stuff.
The dipping sauces, a green pesto sauce and a red tomato-pineapple salsa, were way tasty.
We vowed to come back another time to check out the food.
As it turned out, we did make a return trip here to get a loaf of their sourdough bread.
They will slice it for you if you ask and it comes to about $4.50/loaf but is well worth it.
The thick slices and hearty texture stood up to our homemade patty melts when toasted, and in my opinion, made the burger.
This California transplant has found a sourdough worth making a special trip for.

I really like this place when I'm hungry and too lazy to cook.
Their sandwhiches are freshly made, the soups are comforting on a cold day , the salads are huge and the cookies, well what can I say?
They're delicious!
If possible, avoid the lunch crowd because it does get very very busy.
I like to go just before or after, they're not in such a hurry to make your food!

Paradise Bakery is one of those places that you can count on for always having something good when your driving around wanting more than a burger and not a sit down meal with a waiter.
I love the Cranberry Turkey sandwich with fresh fruit.
The nice thing to consider is that you can get a whole or a half on the sandwich of your choice.
Once you feel good about the healthy choices you've made you encounter the cookie section at the register.
All I'm going to say is that the chocolate chip is to die for!!
The chocolate chips just melt in your hands!!
Doesn't get any better than that!!
Paradise Bakery does also have a great breakfast should you want a nice place to go after a nice hike or just want to treat yourself and a friend to great place to visit.
Put Paradise Bakery on your "always good" list!

This is my favorite place to work at as of recently.
I've always loved Paradise's menu, but there's something about the way this particular location is laid out that makes it my favorite.
Get a California Turkey and the Fire Roasted Tomato soup (or the black bean vegetarian), take your laptop, get on the free wifi and get the booth with the outlet.
Unless I'm there.
I swear, if I see you in my booth, there WILL be trouble.

i was so... confused.
ok, i come from the land of lines.
LA has lines for everything: lines for clubs, lines for fancy restaurants, lines for the line to get into the club.
THOSE lines had some sort of signage or someone telling me where to get in line and shutup.
i'm ok with that.
i'm great with following directions.
IKEA and i get along immensely because of this.
but this place..... this place just assumed i'd know what the hell to do.
i found the big line, stepped in, and realized that there were no menus to handle which is fine.
i can read boards.
but i was confused by the whole 'order at this station, then order at this station, but wait you get your food now at one station but not at another thing, and here i am going to give you this piece of paper with some writing on it but you dont have to hand to anyone'.
what.. the... hell.
i managed to bungle my way through the line, profusely apologizing for acting like a moron and not knowing what to order where or that i wasnt supposed to hand them my to go paper.
everyone was pretty friendly, but they definitely stared at me like i was an amateur.
food was pretty decent.
i had the turkey cranberry half sammich with the southwestern chicken caesar.
all in all a solid meal and i loved the bread on the sammich.
the cookie was great too, very soft and chocolately.
now that i kinda know the ropes, i might come back, but damn i hope i dont need a map next time.

Paradise Bakery for me, is comfort food.
This specific location is across the street from where I work, and because I prefer not to dine where I work, I always venture here while on a break.
The food tastes fresh and healthy.
I've tried almost every single one of their sandwiches, and although I have small tweaks for each one of them (hold the mayo, I despise tomatoes, the chicken can be slightly chewy) I really appreciate their overall comfort and deliciousness.
My personal favorite is the California club, the bacon is always crispy and who isn't obsessed with avocado??
Since becoming a vegetarian, I still love this place.
One of my absolute favorite comfort foods is their Asian Salad (I now order it without chicken).
Actually, they still charge me the full price even though I don't get the chicken which kind of bugs me.
When I worked at a sandwich place, protein-less entrees were deducted a dollar.
ANYWAY...I think overall, Paradise Bakery is a delicious place to find fresh food, maybe overpriced, but the atmosphere is nice.
Their parking lot kind of sucks though.
The rows are narrow and difficult to navigate in an SUV.
Small complaint.
Service is usually not bad, but the workers can be unfriendly at times.
There is a bald man that works at this location who is particularly kind and I always appreciate his input when I am indecisive with my sandwich choice!

Paradise Bakery is one of our favorite places to eat, and whenever we are in Phoenix we try and stop since Tucson only has one, and it is way across town.
This is the most convenient location for us to stop at, but it seems like half the time we try and stop they aren't open.
We went up for a friends birthday in April and were craving Paradise Bakery; we stopped but were not able to get out due to a massive swarm of bees outside the restaurant ( I realize this is not their fault, just a disappointment.
) Another time we had just flown in from vacation and wanted a quick dinner before the drive home.
We got there to find out they had just closed at 8pm...and it wasn't even a Sunday.
It seems like they need to change their hours, we were not the only customers they turned away that night because they closed so early.

Our house loves Paradise Bakery but over the years we've found out that they aren't that consistent with their food.
We go to two locations either this one or the one in Chandler Fashion Center.
We've found out that the ones in the malls just don't have the exceptional food like the ones that are outside of the malls.
If you grab the paradise pasta salad from the mall even though it's good they don't put the added touch of shredded cheese on the salad BUT if you go to a store that's not in the mall they add shredded cheese on top of the paradise salad which all in all makes it better.
I just wish that their food was the same from location to location.

Paradise Bakery is usually just ok, and this is the location we go to the most often because its right down the street from our house.
As far as sandwiches go they are pretty average, and nothing too creative.
But its a good place to stop by if you have no other choices or are on a limited time schedule to pick up some lunch or something.
They have recently updated all of the menus and only have a few vegetarian options.
We usually get the Mediterranean veggie sandwich which is a bunch of veggies with hummus and cheese on a tomato bread.
The bread is better than the sandwich itself.
We also get the tomato mozzarella panini pretty often too.
They usually have one or two vegetarian soups available but we never get them.
The cookies are just ok as well.
I do happen to like the lemon zester cookie when they have it out.
It isn't always available.
But as far as cookies go, I've had better.
I do like that Paradise Bakery has a rewards program where if you buy ten sandwiches, drinks, or muffins, you get a free one.
It usually takes us awhile to get to ten but its always a nice surprise when we don't have to pay for one of our sandwiches.
The sandwiches are moderately priced I guess.
I've had cheaper sandwiches and I've had more expensive sandwiches.
I also wouldn't come out of my way to get a sandwich here.
It usually ends up being a convenience thing.

BEST COOKIES EVER !
Chompies has nothing on paradise's cookies and baked goods .
So good my siblings have me bringing them cookies from Arizona to California .
The one and only thing i will miss in Arizona is going to be paradise bakery .

Extradinarilly big for a cafe!
They've got everything to satisfy your cravings.
I've had their freshly made-on-the-spot signature salad-Thai basil chicken, and cranberry/pop seeds muffins.
They are all pretty decent.
Their cookies are buy one get one free for 1.25.
They all seem very yummy.
This is the cafe that combines sweet bakery shop, fresh salad bar, and healthy sandwich shops all in one.
Like!
The size of it simply put New Yorkers to shame, but they are slightly less tasty than NYC ones specializing in their own niche markets.

Great for a quick breakfast.
The croissants are quite large, and the bagels are fresh and chewy.
It took very little time for the food to be ready.
I would go back to try lunch at some point.

This is a review of the bakery.
We did not dine here.
We had an event, and needed cookies.
Five-dozen.
They have a reasonable variety of cookies.
It is cheaper to make your own, of course, but these aren't too outrageous.
About $8 for a dozen, and they're reasonably large.
The cookies themselves are pretty good.
Frankly not as good as mine (I just follow the Tollhouse recipe, or whatever...I'm not a master baker by any means!).
But good.
Chocolate chip, sugar, snickerdoodles, and even a lemon cookie.
I also like their muffins.

Undoubtedly the best sandwhich i ever had was the California Turkey at Paradise Bakery and Cafe!!!
Everything is good here, especially the salads!
I like the fact they offer half portions of the soup, salads, and sandwhiches!

I had high expectations as I hadn't had paradise bakery in a couple years as they don't have them near my new home.
The insides haven't changed much since I've been here..
Same decor and layout.
I may my way through the line and came up with a turkey bacon avocado sandwich of sorts.
I also had a chocolate chip cookie and some fruit salad.
The sandwich was just ok, it was lacking something.
The turkey was a little dry and lacking some flavor.
However the fruit salad was very good, fresh and  yummy.
The chocolate chip cookie was very good, just as I remember them.
Soft and great taste.
Bought some coconut choco chip cookies to take home to the wife.
Just an average experience.. service was good, but the sandwich just didn't do it for me.

After working at Paradise Bakery for 6 years, I swore I would never walk in there again.
Well, I still find myself addicted and visit the Ray/101 location about 1x/month.
Too expensive for my taste (even when I worked there, I knew I wouldn't be in every day like some people because of the cost) Almost $10 for a half sandwhich/salad is a little absurd, but it is really tasty.
I like trying out new or limited menu items, like the salmon Caesar salad (freaked me out a little that the salmon pieces were all shrink wrapped and just plopped on top right out of the plastic) but it was still good and I didn't get sick...
But my all time feel-good sandwich is the Chicken Walnut and either the Fire Roasted Tomato soup, or the Southwest Caesar salad.
Oh, and the chocolate chip cookie that comes with the sandwich.
It can be swapped out with a different kind, but I thoroughly enjoy the classic chocolate chip.
When winter rolls around, I can't wait to get a Ginger Molasses Cookie and a Chai Eggnog Latte....yum!

This location is probably my least favorite.
It is very noisy here all the time.
The food is ok but not always great, kind of hit or miss.
Service isn't bad but also not great like the signal butte location or val vista.

Food is always great.
Service super slow.
Got may soup but waited 15 Min for my sandwich.
It was to go.
Soup is now cold.
:( got half way home realized that the forget my side.
Ugh.
Terrible service

Holy cow...worst experience at Paradise Bakery.
Ever.
I went there before work to get a baker's dozen of bagels (comes with 2 tubs of spread).
It took forever for Shawn to get my flavors of bagels put together in the box (I was the only one there!).
Then I asked for plain and honey walnut spreads.
She said they only carry plain and lowfat spread in the big tub.
All other flavors come in individual size only.
They all insisted there never was honey walnut flavor in the big size tub yet I've purchased it for work before.
At the end of my purchase, Kimberly came to me and told me that I could pre-order my bagels the next time.
That was a nice offer, but going in for a dozen bagels should not take that much time and should not warrant a pre-order.
I'm definitely going to Einstein's for their bagels and honey walnut spread from now on.

Great every time.
Love the layout and the service.

To anyone who is hesitant, let me preach: 1/2 sandwich- get the turkey cranberry (only a fool would choose otherwise) 1/2 soup- all of them are grade A fancy to the max FREE COOKIE?!
This chocolate chip cookie is more than a food article; it's an experience.
Prepare yourself for the most mouth-watering, precious dessert God has graced this earth with.
And weep, dear soul, for now you are nourished with the greatest cookie in human history.
Wipe away that single glorious tear from your face and smile, food warrior.
Until you meet again.

I must admit - Paradise is a gem.
I purposefully forget how good this place is because I sometimes disdain $10+ lunches, but when I go I always think it's worth it.
Turkey & Cranberry sandwich is one of my absolute favorites of all time.
SW Caesar Salad (add the corn salsa) is also very high on my favorite salad list.
This location is always clean, and friendly.
Convenient access to the highway (and my office) means I should go more often as should you.
Wish they included a drink with some sort of lunch special under $10...
In my dreams!

I'm from SoCal, and come to Phx often for biz.
I'm a fan of Paradise Bakery in general, but was really disappointed with this one.
I ordered a cuban, and gotta say it was pretty much the worst.
Mostly bread - crappy bread and not chibatta-- one puny slice of ham, it wasn't grilled, and it took almost 20 minutes - super disappointing, and for $8 not a good value at all.
Also got a cup of soup - it was good -- but for a total order of $12, I'm over the free cookie.
I got this to go for my road trip, and (frankly) gave a good part of it to the dog.
I probably should've gotten something from the Whole Foods next door, or even a $5 foot long....Where's a subway when you need one?
Lots of people waiting for food at 11 am, long line.
Others seemed to know the service was terrible and stuck to salads and pre-prepared things.
I've had good experiences with other locations -- probably not going here again.

Horrible experience.
We went to just grab a quick yummy lunch and it was neither quick or yummy.
We got our soup first and it was cold.
We waited... And waited.... And waited.... And waited for our sandwiches and after 20 minutes the table clearer (Mark) asked us if we needed anything, we explained our wait and he was on top of it.
Not even 5 minutes later he came back with our food, and even a whole sandwich instead of a half ( which is what we ordered) he offered free cookies as well.
We were overall disappointed in our experience and won't be back.
We do however want to give credit to Mark.
For just being a table clearer, he deserves more credit than what he is given.
We even left him a tip.

I've been here quite a few times, but am undecided.
It's clean, spacious, and has a great location - a good meeting place.
Other than that...I got nothing.
My last time "in" I ordered a coffee drink.
Not knowing how it was made or what was in it, I asked.
Apparently I caught the girl behind the counter completely off guard, and had to break it down - beginning first with the type of coffee.
Questions answered, my thought was it shouldn't take long - I was the only one in line.
Wrong!
I don't know if the lady went outside to milk a cow while I dozed off to sleep, but at least 15 minutes went by before my drink was ready.
I also asked for water.
At Starbucks I am handed a cup filled ice and water.
Here, I was given a cup with directions to "find" the water.
If not for a friend who told me to look for a tab near the lemonade, I would have had to go without.
Who knew?
Apparently everyone else, as the rest of my group laughed!
Leaving near dinner time it would have been nice to pick something up to take home, but after seeing so many shuffling in line, I gave up the thought.
It could have turned into another "water" expedition, and my friends had left the building.

I like Paradise Bakery in general  They serve great sandwiches and salads.
Great for lunch or for a warm bowl of soup when it is cold out.
This location is poorly manged though.
The lines are always very long for lunch.
The tables haven't been bussed.
The tables outside are often full of spiders and spider webs.
The staff isn't interested in helping you if they are free.
Lines are slow.
Bathrooms are not very clean.
They also had an issue before where they were tossing salads with the salad dressing in the same bowls all day long without washing them in between.
We got sick several times, and complained a few times until it eventually got fixed.
It tells you a lot about their food prep standards though.

Thai chicken salad is amazing.
so is broccoli cheddar soup.
I really want to like the cranberry chicken sandwich but it's not awesome.
Southwest chicken salad is also good.
Their little chocolate chipper cookies are delicious and bite size, way better than they're bigger ones.
Sometimes the line is wayyy too slow but that comes with freshly prepared food.
Overall, love.

I've tried Paradise Bakery before.
This location lacks staffing and I always feel rushed and belittled for asking questions.
Today I went in with myself and two kids.
Nobody in line the girl had her order pad.
I wanted a soup bread bowl.
She told me I have to order it down the line, this part is just sandwiches.
I do need a turkey sandwich.
Instead of grilled cheese can I order an adult grilled turkey?
Turkey is toasted but we can grill it.
OK great.
Didn't happen.
It came out toasted nothing on it but two slices of turkey, dry, no cheese with 4 tomatoes.
Kids hate tomatoes.
I will deal with it and peel off the tomatoes.
Back to the line thing, I am in the salad section.
My oldest son wanted a kids half Caesar salad.
Ok.
This is going well.
I am moving down the line.
The same girl from sandwiches now is in the soup section.
Only 2 guys behind me, no worry about a rush.
I order a soup bread bowl.
We may be out of bread bowls.
You can go back to the sandwich section and order a sandwich.
Ha this is getting humorous.
I wonder if I go back will she follow me?
Another girl comes up and says they do have bread bowls.
Clam chowder nope not there not here I wonder where it is.
I found it.
Makes you feel like they don't sell much soup.
OK ring me up.
I need a soda and cup of water for my son.
She hands me one cup.
I break the silence and apologize.
Trying to get some compassion,   told her I haven't been here in years.
Is this the water cup?
No they are over there.
Forget about asking for silverware.
She is too disengaged.
I won't even bother I will search down silverware.
I still can't leave just yet.
This kids salad says something about yogurt and a cookie.
Oh yea, I forgot, I will get.
The sandwich guy comes over.
I am the only one while the other two behind me still reading the menu.
My son has #48 on the table.
He says he really needs the number back.
Let me move out of this line get the number while sandwich/soup/cashier is looking for a kids yogurt.
I hope my youngest doesn't pull down the tray while I retrieve #48.
In the whole place only one other table is in use.
It is not busy and his look felt like it was urgent I get that number back.
Finally to a table.
I'm in a good mood.
This whole order thing seemed comical.
Just a tiny bit of soup in this bread bowl.
Not much to eat there.
My oldest son had his salad.
He liked.
My younger son isn't having anything to do with a dry turkey sandwich.
I ordered it off the adult menu because I thought there might be something more to it.
Nope.
Let's go.
No rush to come back.
In the back of my mind I recall my niece who worked there for a summer job in 2013.
She hadn't got her food handling card.
She told me only one person had it and the manager said there was no rush.
I hope that's not the current case.
It's too bad.
It could be a nice place.

Was at the food court at Chandler mall and had the Cali turkey.
Everything OK with the sandwich except the BACON.
2 small strips of cold hard meat.
I was expecting more flavorful product, more freshly cooked for the money.
The sandwich came with choice of soup and I had a bowl of french onion that we more like salty onion gravy with litttle cheese and  coutons.
I have 10X  better soup at Applebees or Sweet tomatoes.
My ice coffee was just a cup of coffee over ice.
I will not eat there again.

