Islamorada Fish Company is located inside the Bass Pro Shops on Dobson and the 202 in Mesa.
The restaurant itself is over 11,000 square feet with what must be a 50ft high ceiling and a massive fish tank.
I recently went shopping at BPS for a few fishing poles and decided to take a quick lunch break here (I'm not much of an outdoorsman but I figured I owe the kids a few fishing trips when they are still little).
The food was very well seasoned and prepared, especially for lunch.
I thoroughly enjoyed my grilled scallops and shrimp.
Service was brisk and friendly.
I spied a nifty bar area which is likely hopping at happy hour.
This place is worth a visit if you're in the area and craving seafood.

Atmosphere, Atmosphere, Atmosphere   I make a pilgrimage to this place about every three months.
The food is average and overpriced.
The service is OK. And there is usually one good Pale Ale on tap and overpriced.
It is kinda like going to Disneyland.
You know you are going to take in the shorts but you go anyway.
You go to live the dream if only for an hour or two.
If you ever went fishing as a kid or wished you had,  grab your wallet or purse and eat here asap.

Wanting to try someplace new and a bit out of the ordinary, I had lunch at the Islamorada Fish Company, which is attached to the Bass Pro Shop at the 202 & Dobson Rd.
I have never been to the Bass Pro Shop, but have heard that they have a good restaurant.
The restaurant was large - I didn't even make it into the store.
I didn't feel like I was in Key West, despite the Jimmy Buffet music playing.
I felt like a Red Lobster exploded.
It was much larger than Red Lobster, but the décor was similar.
One key feature was the large aquarium behind the bar.
Fish were circling on the ceiling and there were photos of fish people had caught on the walls.
The menu had a large selection to choose from.
I ended up choosing the Pan Fried Trout with potatoes, corn and a corn muffin ($11.99).
The first item to arrive was a mini-loaf of bread.
The bread was good, but it had a bit of honey glazed across it, which made it sticky.
I liked the bread, but wasn't impressed with the sticky sensation.
Next thing to arrive was the trout.
It came on a cast iron skillet and I felt if I were a kid, went fishing with my grandfather and fried up the day's haul...except I never did those things and there were no heads and cleaning wasn't required.
BUT if I had caught fish with my grandfather and cooked it on a cast iron skillet over a camp fire, this might be what it would taste like.
All the fun of fishing and camping, but without the nasty parts.
The trout arrived with a lemon and a sprig of rosemary.
The thickly cut potatoes were seasoned with salt and pepper and quite tasty.
The corn, not so much.
It was grilled, but tasted like a twice-grilled unflavored Niblet that stuck to your teeth.
Save some for later I suppose.
The corn muffin was dry, corn-mealy and kind of tasteless.
I ordered dessert - the apple pie - and it was cast iron galore again.
A scoop of ice cream with the pie and it was a nice end to a tasty meal.
The restaurant wasn't busy, despite it being lunchtime on the 4th of July.
Even the bathrooms were nice - big and clean.
The only downside was when I walked in to wash the sticky honey off of my hands and a guy was sitting in the stall holding a conversation on his cell phone.
I would definitely try this place again.
Good food and the service wasn't bad either.

Full disclosure and flat out weird,,,I like to dine in front of aquariums...The TMI will end there, so you can continue reading.
Given my predisposition for watching fish swim in large bodies of water, few restaurants being able to meet this indulgence and the Islamorada having an 11,500 gallon tank - think HUGE, this should be a slam dunk review, but no.
The food and service is marginal only occasionally rising above with its selection of beers on tap and some incredibly tasty mussels in butter sauce.
The service at the half empty bar was just short of rude and the house speciality - calamari brought to mind day old Kentucky Fried Chicken's extra crispy recipe from the '80s...yeah, its' that bad..
So, get your drink and dazzle yourself with the fish in the tank and steer clear of the ones on the plate!

On the way to the airport, we decided to take my family here for lunch.
They had been raving and VERY excited about it.
It turned out to be pretty disappointing.
First, the aquarium separating the bar area and the main dining area is pretty neat, and is especially peaceful if you're not a seafood eater.
The atmosphere is nice, and we probably just went at an off time, yet, we went during off lunch hours, so the service should have been better.
Our server greeted our table, took our drink order, took our food order, and was not to be seen again... well, we saw her waiting the other tables but purposely avoiding ours.
That continued for 35 minutes while other tables with larger groups who were seated after us were served before us... 35 minutes for three bowls of soup, a garden salad (which never came) and a couple pieces of fried fish?
I think not.
We flagged down a manager who said he was finishing it right up.
And then when the food came out, it was cold.
We mentioned it to her and she seemed frustrated that she needed to make another trip to the line to have it reheated.
Give me a break.
I also ordered a chicken quesadilla.
On the menu it stated "stuffed with pico.
Served with (some sort of ) sour cream".
It came out and was *SURPRISE* drizzled with some sort of chipotle and cilantro mayonnaise-based topping.
Maybe its because I live in the land of full disclosure, I'm not sure, but I was expecting tortilla, chicken, cheese, pico and sour cream on the side, not to have some calorie-laden ranch-dressing-derivative covering the tortilla.
So for the last ten minutes of our meal (and the first five) the service was very attentive.
If you like that, eat here.
If you like having service at a restaurant, and warm seafood, go to Red Lobster instead.
On the way out, I saw a TON of food under heat lamps on their line, and some of it coming out of steamtables... absolutely NO excuse for cold, cream-based soup... and no excuse for that small of an order taking 35 minutes.
I usually give places two shots, just in case they were having an off day.
Unfortunately, this place won't be getting a second try.

This place has wonderful ambiance, from its thatched ceiling to the enormous fireplace & chimney.
Stop by for a meal, and you'll receive a yeast loaf topped with sugar.
It was a nice touch.
I killed 2 gnats while dining, yet there were still more airborne.
Was I in the vicinity of some kind of rotting fruit compost pile?
I don't know.
They have really good clam chowder.
I highly doubt this is a canned brand.
Tastes like they built if from scratch.
My wife and I ordered the world famous grouper sandwich.
Unfortunately it was topped with American cheese.
Thick ole slice of American cheese, which kind of hijacked the taste... and we didn't much care for it.
The accompanying seasoned fries were the typical frozen restaurant style.
If I come back, I'm sitting at the bar, so I can ogle their majestic salt water aquarium and reminisce of my days aboard the Calypso with Jacques.

I admit, I came to eat here because of I wanted to try the fried alligator.
Anyways it was so good and yummy I had to lick the plate.
Then, I had the fish sandwich.
I thought for $12.00 it was a little overpriced and the size.
I think it was fried catfish.
But I had to admit it was so good yum yum and yum.
I had the kiwi lemonade as well and it was good too.
The service was good, but the only problem is when the food came out, it took them quite a while to get the food onto the table.
But at least the food was still hot when I got it and not too cold.
I would eat here again.

Islamorada is an interesting case.
On one hand, they have fried alligator.
Delicious, delicious fried alligator.
It makes me want to open my own restaurant that serves only alligator.
But I digress.
On the flip side, their non-alligator food has been pedestrian.
I did enjoy the tournament burger, but it's a glorified bacon cheeseburger.
As much as I like a pile of bacon on my burger, that's not enough to score a ton of points with me.
The bread is good.
The lemonades with the different flavors are nice, especially the pomegranate lemonade.
+1 for the bread and lemonade.
Today I had the Islamorada sandwich, which is mahi mahi on a bun.
I obviously should've paid better attention to the description, because I *hated* the cheese on it.
Too much of it, and it totally dominated the flavor.
It's a fish sandwich, not an 800 proof Irish whiskey/paint thinner.
Also, the bun was soggy, presumably due to the gross cheese grease.
Steer clear of that sandwich.
But they do have that fried alligator....
I'm drooling just thinking about it.

I was so amazed that Bass Pro Shops had a restaraunt in it, let alone be a place I would enjoy eating.
But, my wife's Uncle said it was good, so we went.
The alligator and calamari appetizers were pretty good, but nothing remarkable.
My wife had a pretty good pasta dish with shrimp, and I had a catfish dinner.
I've never been to a place that could ruin fried catfish, and that streak continues.
I also got to try a bite of a crab cake sandwich, and I wish I would have ordered it, it was very tasty.
I don't know that I'll be back to a Bass Pro Shops anytime soon, but if I do, I'll certainly think about trying another one of their restaraunts.

Very beautiful atmosphere service is a little a slow but food is delicious!

This is the worst seafood in all of Phoenix.
The only fresh fish are in the aquarium.
My wife and I have been here twice, once when they first opened and about a year ago when we were out on a date.
I thought that it would be a great idea to have seafood after catching a movie, but I had forgotten about our lackluster first experience.
The server overheard me chatting with my wife that I was going to ask what on the menu was wild caught and fresh.
She informed us quickly and politely that NOTHING on the menu was fresh... it was ALL frozen.
She was also pretty sure that almost everything on the menu was farm raised.
I had a grilled sampler with crab and fish.
All of it tasted extremely fishy and as I drove home I could feel myself getting sick.
Let's just say that I paid money for food that did not nourish me.
Recommendation... do not eat here, go to King's Fish House at Tempe Marketplace or Seafood Market & Restaurant in Mesa.

Great food at a reasonable price.
I loved the Gator.
Food is very favorable & service was also very good.
This restaurant is a part of Bass Pro so I also enjoyed wandering around the store.
It takes more than one visit to take it all in.

Best thing about this place is the view.
Unfortunately the food doesn't match up.
Our calamari had to be sent back.
Tasted like fried rubber bands.
Coconut fried shrimp and grilled shrimp were small and also rubbery.
Grilled mahi was dry.
Crab cake quality was terrible and had an off taste.
Fish and chips were just ok.
Even the rice pilaf and veggies were bland and mushy.
All in all this was the worst seafood in the valley.
It really is too bad because this is a beautiful place.
Enjoy the view just eat someplace else.

My boyfriend and I came here on a Sunday afternoon (around 3), hoping for a quiet lunch/dinner and were not disappointed!
There was hardly anyone else in the restaurant, so we got to sit with a great view of the aquarium.
Our server was really nice, on top of things, and new when to give us space/when to check on us.
I was really impressed.
The loaf of bread that they bring you before you order is INCREDIBLE!
Would have ordered a wheelbarrow full to take home!
It's freshly baked and dusted with sugar.
Delicious.
One loaf?
Not enough!
:)  The food didn't blow me away, but it was still tasty.
We were pleasantly surprised by the alligator appetizer.
It was kind of salty, but whatever the sauce was on top (green, and a little sweet/tangy) I wouldn't have minded taking a bucket of it home.
I had the coconut shrimp and was happy with the taste/size of the shrimp.
I wasn't as impressed with the sauce that accompanied them, so I just happily ate the shrimp without it.
My boyfriend ordered the fish and chips and I was AMAZED at the size of the cod strips, gigantic.
He chowed down but still had to take a lot of it home (he later told me that it made a great sandwich the next day).
4 stars because I would definitely consider myself a fan of the experience and will be back!

Our experience here was not good.
We took the kids to see Santa and were given a pass to come back in an hour and 15 minutes.
We decided to eat here since we were here.
It took about 7 minutes to get a table, there was no one in front of us.
We sat down and our server proceeded to tell us that she was tired and had been there since 11am.
In our party were 4 adults, 1 teenager, 2 six year olds and 2 two year olds.
We all ordered water and some juice for the kids and 1 beer and our food at the same time.
We did not get our water or any other drinks served to us until about 2 minutes before the food came out.
This server just couldn't  handle it.
She put the small kids drinks in regular cups and then at the end asked if we wanted them in kids cups.
The whole experience was just ridiculous.
Everything took so long that as soon as it came we had to ask to our food to go since we were waiting to see Santa.
When we got in out 7 pm line we waited another hour before we just left.
I asked an associate what was going on and he told me that there was a Members party there at the time and they got to take precedence over everyone else....
Very DISAPPOINTED......

We usually stop in for a beer at the bar which has only ever lead to one thing - sharing a fried mahi mahi sandwich topped with grilled onions and cheese.
It's a nice flaky piece of fish and just enough for us to share with a side of fries and an added side salad.
The service at the bar has always been fast and friendly.

I normally never try to write a bad review but I had to for this place the only good thing i can say is the atmosphere was nice as far as the food as the service horrible.
First the food I had the "Sportsman's Platter" witch is Fried shrimp, catfish, alligator and fries.
The Alligator was over cooked and very salty almost not worth eating the Catfish had no flavor at all the Fries were cold and hard the Shrimp were the only the that I could eat without being mad at excluding the fact the there were only two of them.
Now The Services if you can call it that saw 8 Waiters standing around talking had to wait over 15 minutes for someone to come and ask us if we needed refills on drinks and they were not busy at all there were only two tables with people in the whole place and we were one one the tables and when she did bring the drinks she forgot one and never came back.
We had empty plates on our table for over 15 minutes and when she asked if we were done instead of grabbing the plates she grabbed two cups and again never came back had to ask for our check or I would never got it.

We actually had a great time here.
They were out of the fried alligator which was a bummer but we have some great dishes.
We sat in the bar area which was the best place - LARGE fish tank(think rain forest cafe) to look at .
Service was good - we had two or three different people stop by to see if we were ok which was great.
I was surprised honestly since this place always was passed up.
It's a game/fish restaurant - try at least once since they have some odd - and interesting foods.

Took my great-aunt and folks out for lunch here.
While we had a bit of a wait for our food, the fish & chips were well worth the wait.
Crispy, non-greasy and not too fishy tasting.
The host, Aaron, told me the name of the fish (hoki?).
Being from the Bay Area, I appreciate good seafood when away from SF.
Will be back next time I'm in Phoenix.

It was very much...meh.
I don't trust seafood in the desert to begin with anyway.
We ordered the alligator appetizer...mostly so our kids could tell their kids they have eaten alligator.
Now having spent 7 years living in South Florida, I have eaten some gator and done right it tastes good.
You know, like chicken :)  This was not the case at Islamorada.
It was rubbery and not even edible.
When the waiter asked if we liked it (the plate was untouched with the exception of one bite I took and one my husband took) we told him it was terrible.
I expected him to offer to take it off our bill, but that didn't happen.
The fish and fries were fine.
My husband had a hamburger and said it was fine too.
We ended up at Islamorada because after visiting Santa at the Bass Pro Shop they gave us kids eat free coupons.
We gave them to the waiter but the kids meal were still on the bill.
Didn't feel like arguing about it, so we left.

Stopped in for a business lunch.
The restaurant is beautiful!
The aquarium reminds me of diving in the Carribean.
Gorgeous!
The special of the day was a steak, I know...I was a little shocked myself.
We didn't try that.
The group tried the fish and chips.
Everyone enjoyed their meals and the mini loaf of bread with honey butter.
The staff was helpful and attentive.
The enivironment was beautiful( have I said that already?
) and clean.
It was a nice change from quick service and fast casual.
I would try again during dinner hours to see if the quality and service remains above par.

I was surprised at how good a restaurant attached to the Bass Pro Shop could be.
Boy was I wrong to pre-judge.
We went there at the birthday request of my daughter (she turned 6 and wanted to be there with the fish tank to look at).
The staff was wonderful and put together a table with a terrific view of the fish tank because she asked them so nicely.
We tried the alligator appetizer.
I didn't like it but every one at the table enjoyed it.
I had a really wonderful Catfish Etoufee.
Yummy.

New favorite place for fish and chips!
My daughter randomly chose this restaurant to try for her birthday and boy and I glad she did.
We went last night and had a very nice server, Mary, and had some great food.
I really like the atmosphere here.
I had the fish and chips and the batter was amazing.
You can taste the fries are actually cut fresh.
I added the house salad which was worth the upcharge.
The raspberry vinagarette dressing is good without being overpowering.
My favorite part however is the bread!
It is closer to a pastry and is like having dessert first!
I will be back to try many more menu items.
It was reasonably priced for all the food you get and great service!
So glad we found this place.

Two visits and I am a fan!
I have had the fish tacos and the fish and chips.
They were both excellent and I would have them again and again.
Both visit I also got the New England Chowder and it was very good.
Very thick and flavorfull.
The service was excellent both times.
What I really like is the atmoshphere, there is a huge fire pit in the middle which I bet is awesome in the winter.
You feel like you are in a hut and there are lots of big fish everywhere!
Kinda corny but in a fun feel like you are in a cheesy vacation restaurant way.
And I mean this in a good way.
I love fish and chips and this is right up there with the best in AZ.
The other amazing part...the bread they bring to the table.
It is more like dessert!
It has a sugar coating and is very good.
We even bought some to bring home.

I asked for a grilled Tuna rare and it came to me well done along with soggy asparagus.
The rest of the table did not have any issues with their meals.

Amazing Scenery!
loved the place, and great service too!
my glass was never empty.
the place was kind of empty for being so awesome.... maybe because it's connected to Bass Pro shop.
but that place is amazing too!
anyway.
go here.
it's delicious.

The food was amazingly fresh.
I am originally from New England, so this was a gem in the desert!
Never did I expect this restaurant to be inside the Bass Pro Shops.
What an unexpected surprise.
The HUGE fish tank is total eye candy.

This place is pretty cool!
Its inside Bass Pro Shop, which you think at first is kind of weird and would be really small, NO not at all!
Bass Pro shop is huge and this restaurant is also.
When you first walk in you can see a large fish tank that separates the front room dinning area and bar from the back dinning room.
Once you get around the bar and the beautifully large fish tank, the restaurant opens up into a large dinning area.
The celling is very high and the space in there is just so opening and welcoming.
The decorations with the fish on the walls, the tables, the large fireplace in the middle of the dinning area, the paint, the fish tank..... it all works perfectly together to create an outdoor ambiance, with a lot of class and openness!
I really loved the way they have this restaurant set up, its beautiful!
Ok onto the food!
We received an order of I believe sugar glazed bread when we ordered our drinks!
Oh my goodness this bread is delicious.
The sugar on the top gives the bread a little extra mmmmmm.
It might just be me because I cant eat a lot of bread due to my gluten intolerance, but I had to have at least 1 piece!
They have a great spread of different kinds of meals, from chicken, to sea food, to steaks to alligator!
YES I said alligator!
I have never had alligator before, so of course it was one of the appetizers I ordered just to give it a whirl!
The best way to describe the breaded alligator, is that it has a shrimp texture, with a chicken tenderness to it.
So its a mix of shrimp and chicken.
It doesn't have a weird taste or bite to it at all.
The sauce that was served with the alligator actually really played with the flavor well!
It created a nice little extra bite to the gator to give it more flavor.
For my main dish I had the shrimp pasta.
The alfredo sauce was different, and really blended with the shrimp well.
It was nice to have a dish with large pieces of shrimp to eat and not little bite sized shrimp.
My friend ordered the cajun chicken pasta.
This dish was served with the same alfredo sauce as mine but with the cajun taste instead of shrimp.
I have to say his chicken was spiced deliciously and I enjoyed his plate much more than mine.
The combination of the cajun spices along with the alfredo sauce made a great dish!
The staff here was incredibly friendly, our waitress was very knowledgeable and helpful when we asked about he alligator dish, the manager came and checked on our dishes as we were eating and everyone wished us a nice goodbye as we left!
I like going to places like this, being surrounded by friendly people who enjoy their job and having a great meal, its just a great way to start off a good Sunday funday!

Ehhhhhh.
That's how I feel.
Is it bad?
No.
Is it great?
No.
Is it good?
I guess.
The prices are fair, the selection is HUGE.
It's very family friendly, and after a quick tour around the shop with a toddler (surprisingly entertaining!
) this dining room is a good way to end your trip.
I had the garlic shrimp skewers, and it was nice to see the healthy grilled options.
They were good, pretty standard.
My vegetables were very buttery, which I didn't really want.
The bread they bring you before is something a lot of people love, but it's basically a loaf you can buy at the store with sugar on top!
I had the bread pudding for dessert, which was good but not great.
Only the top was barely cooked.
But, hey, it had caramel and cinnamon on it!
They excitedly told us it had no raisins in it, but it really could have used raisins or nuts or something else.
Service was fine - the place was slow so we wish she actually could have been a little more attentive, but I certainly wouldn't knock any stars for service.
She was friendly and knowledgable about the menu!
I was with a party of 5 adults and 1 toddler and we all decided we have no interest in coming back.
It's something to do once, and I like what other reviewers have said about going and eating while waiting for Santa.

I have always wanted to try this location while at Bass Pro.
It is a nice little restaurant.
Was almost empty when we were there.
I ordered a Talapia (sp?
) sandwich.
It was filling and enjoyable.
But not great.
Because we were there at "lunch time" we did not really look at the dinner menu or the full meal opportunities.
The setting is a nice place.
Clean.
Nicely decorated.
Not a place I would go to just for the food.
But a place I would consider if at Bass Pro again and hungry.

The best fish and chips I've ever had!
Really good bread as well!
Great service and pretty atmosphere!
Will definitely go back!
Love this place!

We were at the Bass Pro Shop so we decided to eat at their so the kids could check out the big fish tanks.
Firstly, the decor in the restaurant is awesome.
It's almost worth eating there just for that..
The food on the other hand..
It was okay.. Their bread is weird.
It has sugar caked on the top.. Not really a fan of it.
We had the Alligator and it was actually pretty tasty.
I got the cajun pasta and it was pretty flavorless.. My wife got a salad and she said it was alright..
The prices were a little high, not really worth it for the food we got.
We probably won't be back.

Very good.
Had the NY Strip w/ fries, 1 lb of Mussels & 1 1/2 lb snow crab w/ potatoes and corn on the cob.
Oh, and key-lime pie for dessert.
Good stuff.
Highly recommend.

I've been here a few times and the food is always excellent.
I've had the shrimp scampi and the tilapia and both were delicious.
They also give you sugar bread with your meal that is amazing!
I definitely recommend this place!

Sick, Sick, Sick !
My girlfriend and I went to Islamorada Fish Company.
Next to Bass Pro Shops, @1133 N Dobson Rd, Mesa, AZ.
02/16/14.
This was our first time ever to eat at this restaurant, and our last.
We ate the Signature Fish and Chips, and the Blackened Salmon Linguine.
The fried fish was extremely greasy, the french fries tasted like mush and bland, you could tell they had been sitting sometime and were lukewarm.
My fries looked like they had been prepared the day before and left out on the counter overnight.
Actually the fish and chips was so greasy that when I picked it up with my fingers, you could see the wet grease dripping off of the bottom of the fish and puddling on to my plate...          On the Blackened Salmon Linguine,this dish had to be the worse, the pasta was very slimy, and the fish tasted frozen, and way over seasoned, I assume the excessive over seasoning is to camouflage the frozen taste of the fish, this dish was extremely oily.
In-fact this dish was so oily you could fill up a shot glass with the oil from this plate...
However when we brought this issue to our waitress attention about our food, she down played it, telling us fried fish and chips supposed to be that way, funny, it's not that way at Long John Silvers or McDonald's, even some of the five star restaurants I have eaten at.
As for the Blackened Salmon Linguine, our server told us this is the norm as well for this dish.
Here's what was so bad when our server Kim address this issue to the manager he did nothing, to resolve this problem, He did not even come to our table to apologize.
Now Sick, Sick, Sick.
Yes!!!
We spent three days with "Diarrhea" with frequent trips to the bathroom...
Here's the funny part, our receipt reads:        "As Fresh AsYou Can Get.
"  No !
our fish tasted frozen and reheated.
My advice to you.
If you are planning on eating at: Islamorada Fish Company, do invest in a lot of toilet paper.
You'll need it...

Go here for the drinks and the atmosphere and you wont be disappointed.
Dont prder the fish tacos.

Great service at the bar from Ray.
Always topping up the fish and coronas.
Gorgeous fish tank, good food and fair price.

When I first went into the Bass Pro Shop Outdoor World in Mesa, AZ, I was surprised to see that there was a restaurant attached.
The first time my wife and I actually went into it was on a date night.
We were going to the movies and had a wait until it started, so we walked down to Islamorada Fish Company and sat at the bar.
We had a couple of drinks and the Ahi Tuna Wonton appetizer - it was all great!
The bartender was friendly and helpful.
The aquarium that serves as the wall of the bar is pretty amazing!
Since then, we have dined at the restaurant a number of times and have found the food to be consistently good and reasonably priced.
This is one of the places we take our out-of-town guests!
Highly recommended!

Dined here for lunch yesterday with my wife.
Love this place!
Our server was attentive & we received drinks right away.
Great ambiance/love the huge aquarium.
Ordered the trout , which was fantastic!!
Wife had fish & chips, which she also enjoyed.
Did not care for the clam chowder - for some reason just was not tasty.
The sweet bread is to die for - have no problem putting on a few pounds indulging in those calories.
Would definitely recommend and go there again.

