This is the latest Best Buy location in the valley.
Most people are familiar with the store and this one sticks to the formula.
This is a huge building, but it feels like a big empty warehouse rather than a store full of goodies.
A lot of stuff is out of stock and this particular Best Buy simply doesn't carry everything that most of their stores carry.
I waited awhile to review this one because I thought I would give them some time to see if they would eventually fill out.
Nope.
It's still sparse on many things.
Many of the items they have on display they don't even carry stock of and many of the items Best Buy sells aren't even sold at this location.
I gave this location one star, but all of the things wrong with this site only knock off one star from Best Buy in general... the average example of the store would earn only two stars.
My problems with Best Buy as a concept exist at this particular location as well - smarty-pants employees who are either rude and condescending or "special" in a retarded sort of way.
Corporate gives the employees study materials on new products and the information is often flawed or wrong or incomplete leading to the employees having bad information or else having no clue at all.
This means that when you ask a blue shirt to help you in your television selection, they will give you crap information with confident bravado and if you disagree, they act like you're a moron and dismiss you with righteous impunity.
Either that or they act confused and helpless.
When the store has no customers besides you and you're wandering around the store, you are approached every 20 seconds by someone asking if you need help finding anything.
Leave me alone!
Ack!
One of the most annoying things about Best Buy in general for me is how they must police my purchase.
It's like - "welcome to our store, please feel free to browse and touch and buy whatever you want... on your way out, we're gonna frisk you like the dirty thief you are.
" I just bought this shit 10 feet from here - right over there *points*... you WATCHED me buy it.
Why should I have to submit to a search and receipt scrutiny?
I'd say the very best example of a Best Buy would earn 3 stars - I just don't like their business model... but this new spot is among the worst examples.
This store annoys me - I shop online for pretty much everything and I pay less.

This store has terrible customer servive.Our sales associate was interested only in upselling us thier extended warranty.
And of ccourse if you buy a TV you have to spend an additonal $150 on cords and surge protectors.
They advertise "free next day delivery" which means when you buy a TV on Tuesday they will rush right and deliver it next Monday.
No one can do anything and of you have a concern you have to speak to 7 different jackasses that don't actually help you, thry just try to sell you gek squad services.
Avoid best buy, I know I will.

During lunch I stopped by Best Buy to pick up a web cam...I know what you are thinking, and no it isn't for that...how you doin'?
!But it is good to know if times get tough I can turn that on and charge $3.99 per minute and make some cash...  Best Buy is hit or miss with customer service.
I have been in stores previously to purchase a DVD and had 6 different people ask me if I need help.
It's nice to have assistance, but that is over the top.
On the other hand I have also purchased six large LCD flat screen TVs and had to hunt for assistance.
They do not seem to know where the happy medium is...today was on the ghost town end of the spectrum - despite several employees standing around talking with each other.
Finally after asking assistance, I was directed to the correct aisle.
Looking at the options, I narrowed it down to 2 possible choices.
Both were the same price and appeared to be similar in specifications.
Looking around for assistance...Hello?
Hello?
Tumbleweed could have passed across the aisle.
Finally I determined they were about the same and just picked one.
No one was in line except four cashiers huddled together.
The check out process was good, and the cashier remembered to ask for my Reward Zone card.
Nice touch.
Often they forget.
A slight boost in the stars because she was also exceptionally cute.
Another thing I was impressed with was the selection of Blu-Ray DVDs descending in price.
They had a large display of Blu-Rays on sale - some as low as $9.99, but most $12.99-$14.99.
Impressive!
Despite the ghost town or Blitzkrieg extreme in customer service, I will continue to shop here because I like their selection and if you need to pin someone down, they are actually knowledgable.

ABSOLUTELY AWFUL.
This store is such a joke.
I've shopped at Best Buy before... not for any major purchases, usually just for CDs or DVDs, never had any problems until now.
I decided to buy a computer from them.
Biggest waste of time/money.
First of all, their "computer experts" couldn't tell me anything about the computers that wasn't written on the little spec cards on the displays.
But i had done my own research, so i thought I was making a good choice.
I also bought it "optimized" which is where for $39.99 they have Geek Squad go through and get rid of the programs that you dont need and do all of the updates.
I got home, and right off the bat had problems with the computer.
It was shutting off randomly, wasn't downloading programs correctly... pretty much just a bad product.
I returned it today, which brings me to...  Their HORRENDOUS customer service.
They checked over the computer and did declare that it was defective.
Then they told me that they would refund my money... minus the $39.99 for the optimization, because "labor charges are non-refundable".
Well that's great, except for the fact that they sold me a DEFECTIVE product, AFTER I paid them extra to make sure that it wasn't defective!
But they really had a hard time understanding that.
I had to talk to a salesgirl and two managers, one who had to call a higher up.
For $40.
come on people.
I think I fought with them for a half an hour.
They were ridiculously rude, and really had nothing to say except "it's our policy not to refund labor charges".
Long story short, I eventually was reimbursed the full amount and was rid of the POS computer.
Last time I EVER shop at ANY Best Buy

Wow I didn't even have to go into the store to experience the terrible customer service.
Lord.
I called today because I deleted some files on my hard drive that I needed to get back and spoke to a Geek Squad "representative.
" He was totally rude and unhelpful and basically made me feel extremely stupid.
I am so glad I didn't waste my time actually visiting this location, and I won't be doing so any time soon.

Out of approx.
50 employees on the floor at noon only 3 said hello, the security greeter, the game dept.
guy and the cashier.
Did I mention there was only one cashier and five people in line.
I really don't know how Best Buy stays in business.
I found what I was looking for so one star.

I searched forever to find someone to help me.
The store wasn't even that busy!
All I had was a very simple question, "Where are your tablets located?
"  That was it!
Nobody would help me.
I felt like I was a leper.
I came again yesterday with my sixteen year old cousin to pick up a cord for my ipod and the employees at the front literally cat called to us.
It was beyond unprofessional.
The people at checkout are always friendly (maybe a little too friendly) I wonder if I can ever go to Best Buy without being sexually harassed.
But after working there my teenage years, I've come to believe that it won't ever change.

The Geek Squad ripped me off.
Here's how it worked: I bought a laptop and paid Best Buy $60 for a service in which they would "optimize" the machine and create restore disks.
I understood "optimization" involved removing all the unnecessary HP software that comes loaded from the factory.
I got the laptop home and discovered all the HP stuff still loaded.
I went back to the store the same day and waited while they fixed their mistake.
Fast forward 1 year and I go to use the recovery disks to restore the computer to the original factory settings.
Hmmm.
The disks don't seem to work.
I bring them to the store and Best Buy tells me, "The CD's are burned so they must be good.
I can't tell you how to make them work because that's a service we charge for.
" How much?
"We will restore the factory settings for $135.
" Waaait a second... Pay them $135 MORE to fix an issue I think might be their mistake?!?!
What kind of sense does that make?!?!
So I hired an independent IT consultant for $35 to tell me if the problem is my user error or if the discs are bad.
He tells me the disks are bad and that Best Buy should have tested them before they gave them to me.
He restored the factory settings for the same $35.
(Look up Geeks in Phoenix, I recommend them for your IT issues.
) Anyway, I brought the disks and my original receipts both for the Geek Squad service and for the consultant.
I explained my situation to a manager.
He fumbled to get a techie from the Geek Squad.
Their resolution: I fill out a form to order new restore disks from HP for $17, I mail it to HP, and then I make another trip back to Best Buy and they will reimburse me the cash after the disks arrive.
The manager then asked me, "Is that the answer you were looking for?
" Well, not exactly... and he disappeared on me mid sentence!
Awesome!
He just took off!!
Wow, I didn't know it took so little to get on a manager's To Ignore List.
Bottom line; just don't use the Geek Squad unless you like throwing money away AND want to make 3 fruitless trips to their store in an attempt to get it made right.

My hard drive crashed but I had an extended warranty that covered the cost of repair.
The Geek Squad was very helpful, informative, and were very quick with thier turnaround time.
I am happy to have my laptop back so quickly.

Wow.
I was coming here thinking I would be the first really awful review of this store... since it's BEST BUY.
They pride themselves on customer service.
I'll try to keep it short.
I got two of the same Christmas CD's as gifts this year.
I kept one and finally got around to returning the other today (Mid February).
The cashier was the first to inform me that since they no longer sell that CD, I was out of luck.
I was a little shocked, asked a few more questions, and became frustrated - so I left.
I called Best Buy customer service immediately and they werent much more help.
They did however say that the Store Manager would be the ultimate decision maker and I should talk to him... so I went back in.
Store Manager.
Was.
Jerk!!
He kept explaining the process and time frame in which they return seasonal items.
I get it buddy - it's no longer Christmas.
I could have come in 12 days ago and been fine.. but time didnt allow me to do so.
Long story short - they didnt let me exchange my CD.
I have two of the same CDs - and I still just want one.
I've bought 2 Flat Screen TV's, iPods, Sound Systems, and countless smaller electronics from Best Buy.
You think they'd treat a good customer better than that...
I realize its a $10 CD, but the way you choose to do business, I will now go spend my money elsewhere.

Stay far away from this store.
The front line staff was great.
The managers are awful!!!!!!
They don't return calls as promised, they don't follow thru and they are inept at simple customer service.
Stay away from Matthew and Chris.
Really awful.
If you get them ask for another manager.
They caused, what will now be a 2 week delay, in a refig exchange.
Yes I know it sounds simple but they turned it into a complicated transaction and forgot to enter it.
I still have to buy a TV, Dishwasher and stove.
I will not be going back!
Home Depot, Spencers and walmart all offer competitive prices and better service.

Sooo, I came in today to get Kung-Fu Panda 2 for my 5yr old and accidentally grabbed Kung-Fu Panda 1 and did not realize it until I got home and put it on for my daughter to watch.
So I went back to return it and of course I did not have my receipt but since I used my reward zone card when I purchased the movie it did not matter.I simply paid the difference and left with my Kung-Fu Panda 2.
Great customer service.
I never have problems at Best buy!

I came here for a scale.
They had none in stock.
The store itself was relatively tidy, though a bit strangely organized.
Took me a while to find someone to help me, and then took them even longer to tell me they had nothing in stock, even though I started off the conversation with "there are none on the shelf".
The employees were friendly enough, but the overall experience was meh, even for a Best Buy.

the geek squad was ok but they CHANGED all my customs when calling they said oh thats the new way, the only way to change this was to go online with the geek squad

Ahh the service here is terrible!!
I mean I get it the employees would rather be somewhere else but seriously get a clue.
Now I don't want to put all of the employees into the completely useless category because some of the people wandering around the store asked if I needed help, it is the people behind the counter who are completely useless.
All I wanted to do was exchange something.
There was one person in line and 2 people behind the return/exchange counter so you would think this would have been a relatively quick, run in run out trip to Best Buy.
of course it wasn't.
Obviously the person in front of me had some super complicated problem so she took a while.
I know what you're thinking, just go to the person at the other register.
Well I thought so too but turns out her conversation with her coworker who was leaving for the day was much more important so I had to hang back and wait 5+ minutes for her to finish up.
Customer Service is obviously not a high priority.
Anyway needless to say instead of parking for free because I was in there less than 15 minutes which was my original plan I had to pay for parking.
Not cool.
Booo to best buy

I have purchased over 9k from this store in the last 5 years.
I had not used my best buy credit card in a while and had filled out a new apt.
The clerk entered my street address incorrectly the last visit.
I never got a statement.
after 90days my wife never got the statement and they sent my bill to collections.
I paid the bill instantly in pre collections when I found out.
The store manager Ryan said if the clerk made  a mistake we will take care of it.
Not the case with the store manager Chad.
Not only did they ding my perfect credit.
I had to pay a processing fee for this stupid mistake by the clerk.
I know we all make mistakes but Best Buy Manager Chad did not want to help at all.
There Management needs classes on how to handle loyal customers better next time.

After visiting a nearby cell phone company's store, we popped into Best Buy to take a look at their cell phones.
You know, for a little comparison (because the gentleman at the company store didn't know squat!).
Wow!
The young man that helped us really knew his stuff!
My husband needed to get rid of his Blackberry before RIM hits the history pages, and thankfully, we got a lot of information on several phones from the Best Buy guy  ( I wish I could remember his name...).
He talked tech with my husband for a while, and narrowed the choices down to two phones.
We walked out with a new Samsung cell phone, a lot of knowledge, and totally satisfied.
Well done, Best Buy!
Your people really know their products, and it shows!
We'll be back!

I've been running into Best Buy for my electronic needs because its convinient.
Call me old school because saving that 50 bucks or so on shipping and wondering if someone will lift it off my porch is just something that I don't want to deal with.
I was in the market for an Ipad and was sold on an open box Ipad3.
Service was amazing and totally worth the extra time spent.
The primary associate was Olga G. who was amazing in answering my questions and took the extra steps of service to set up my rewards zone and arm my new iPad with what seemed a very frstrating case.
I was totally delighted with the service and also had a chance to speak with the GM Brett.
Totally nice dude as well and seemingly looks to recognize excellence in service for his floor associates.
Alli G. and Tronny also chimed in to help as well so I can't forget to mention them as well for being intuitive in not just anwering my questions but also the questions of my dad who was looking for a gift for my mom.
I've come here for quite a number of electronics and I know that I can find them online or another retailer for cheaper but I feel that with the overall experience that I will continue to shop at this Best Buy for my goods.
Now with that being said I would be more than jumping for joy if they could grant me classes to teach me how to use my new toys!!!
Just putting that out there!
Thanks again Best Buy crew.
Pete

I recently bought a laptop from another Best Buy store.
When I lent my PC to a friend, he managed to foul up the software somehow so I took it into the Geek Squad.
Claire, a young employee there quickly got to the root of the problem and returned my PC to me in working order, free of charge.
She was friendly and knowledgeable.
I was very impressed to get quick , honest and friendly service and will be taking my computers there from here on out, if I have any problems with them.
Thanks Claire!

Not usually a big box store kind of guy but when I need anything electronic and quickly, Best Buy is my go to place.
I know they will have what I need and it will be priced in the ball park.
Plus I can walk away with it and begin using it immediately.
Recently was in this Best Buy needing a router and some other networking things.
I wasn't sure where to go but was immediately helped by their staff.
The guy went out of his way to help me find just the right equipment and when I asked him questions he didn't know, he quickly found someone that did to make sure I made the best informed decision about what I was purchasing.
Thanks Best Buy!

Broken promises by the Geek Squad.
One word: disappointed.

I had a surprisingly good visit to Best Buy last night.
The staff was polite and while I walked around the store last night I had several as me if I needed help finding anything.
I wanted a sound bar for my TV, one that can easily mount on the wall, but I enjoy walking around the store and checking out the other gadgets.
When I finally made my way to the sound bars I was offered help very quickly.
The sales associate was very friendly and knowledgeable without being in the least bit pushy.
He could see my interest where more in the mid-price range and didn't try to talk me into spending more than I wanted to.
After I decided what I wanted he helped check me out and wasn't pushy when I rejected the extended maintenance.
The Tempe Market Place location is easily my favorite of the Best Buys I've visited in Arizona.

thought I would check out some phones, there was a long line and I think people were trading in their iphones...real long line.
the musical instrument area was empty of instruments and their clearance stuff was in there, a bit odd.
maybe the new microsoft store will be put there.
other than that the little smurfs weren't busy.

If I could give this store negative stars I would.
Worst customer service department ever!
Save yourself the stress and go to a different location.

First visit here and it was average.
I probably have been to Best Buy times in my life time so I always know what I'm looking for.
At this location it was impossible to find me a rep, the specific item I needed they no longer had on the shelf, so once I found someone he was great at helping me locate something similar..
However, my 5 minute visit turned into a 20 minute just because I couldn't locate a staff member.
Lines were nothing though so that was nice, also the store was kept up as well.

DO NOT BUY ELECTRONICS HERE.
They have a crappy 15 day return policy and are very strict about it.
They recently would not exchange an unopened item for me because it was past the "15 day return period" no wonder this companies nearly out of business.
Go to Costco instead where they no how to treat their customers.

Came here for Black Friday deal this year for the free Samsung Galaxy S4 phone.
Waited for an hour and another 30 minutes to set-up.
Came out a happy person.
Overall service was great.
However the mobile tech didn't get my permission for me to approve my 2-year contract and he didn't mention anything about early termination fees when I check-out.
I think the mobile department manager needs to retrain those people just to make sure all bases are covered.
Overall service was great and the store have a good lighting since it's very bright.
Good location, definitely a stop if you need any electronic products.

Their geek squad service is a joke- I got convinced to sign up for a monthly plan so i could go in and get my desktop diagnosed and fixed and figured this would be cheaper than just paying for the repair outright.... however I received a call a few days later saying that all my hardware was a-okay and that they WOULDNT go ahead with the repair because the windows 7 discs i have were for a dell and I have a gateway computer (thus apparently making it illegal to use my discs on my own machine) overall i wasted 3 days time for them to not service my computer at all.
These guys are a complete joke not even worth the time itll take me to review this paragraph and to fix any grammatical errors.
DONT TAKE YOUR EQUIPMENT HERE ITS A RIP OFF

Went in to buy car stereo.
Girl in that dept was not helpful she sucked beyond belief.
my husband had to keep trying to calm me down.
I kept telling him that bitch is lazy she needs to pull the box to give us the specs or look it up online.
She kept oky dokying me and just giving me the easiest answer to not have to do a thing.
Later I went home and looked up all the question I had on the product I was interested in.
She told at least 10 bull shit lies because she was a dumb ass lazy person.
Great price but you have to do all the work.
Make sure you do your homework or you will end up with the wrong thing!

Wandered around for 22 minutes before someone offed to help me - not a busy time of the day, not a lot of customers in the store.
At this point I was irritated since I was trying to buy a decent laptop and had a dozen questions.
Six days later returned and this time I wandered for over a half hour and watched employees take selfies, check Facebook, have pow wows, got shoulder checked by one guy and felt like I was interrupting a male bonding session when I needed to go and ask for assistance.
Worst customer service imaginable.
In this day in age you REALLY need to make sure you're taking care of the consumer - not making them feel bothersome.
This store falls way short.
There was one decent employee out of the bunch who took care of me after I griped to him.
I'll look up his name and do an edit.

So I just left this best buy location at Tempe marketplace!
Seen that reviews were low on google and that a lot of people mention it was bad due to customer service!
Now I can say I have been a witness of it with bad customer service.
My family and I were in the store for about 20 mins without one person greeting us which working in retail you should be greeted at least 2-3 times.
As a customer I should not have to run to a rep for help.
Not to mention today is sun and they were very slow so their is no excuse for me not to get help.
Reps were watching nba finals game on Tvs and computer reps were just talking to each other which was the area I was in.
Pretty much I bought the printer I wanted based upon reviews from customers who bought the printer I was looking at from bb webstie.
Went to checkout ask for manager bitch him out and all he said was that he was going to check on reps to see what they were doing.
Did not even mention maybe accommodating me for some kind of discount or whatever it may be.
Still bought the printer because I am in need of one!
Looking at yelp they are at 2 stars for this certain location and I can see why now!
Plan on calling bb tomorrow and leaving another bad review on Google also!
So stay away from here in less you need to really get an item customer service fucking sucks!!

Shit service!
I work for a cab company and we use tablets for most of the cabs.
I have tried multiple times to go and buy universal wall chargers, which they seem to never have.
The samsung tablet section workers don't want to help when asked to help find a samsung based charger and when they do I was offered the wrong charger.
This is ridiculous.
You will not being getting my business!
Good luck in the future.
Surprised this place is still open!

Best Buy stinks!!
I too got conned into the Geek Squad plan.

