I first saw Terry Prince perform, through divine intervention, in a lounge in Las Vegas over 10 years ago.
I was completely in awe of his tenderness and grace.
I was silenced when I heard his angelic voice and inspirational lyrics.
I've been listening to his first album, Magically Made, whenever feeling at peace or in need of inspiration!
I've also recently purchased his most recent album, Imagine Love, and love it as much as his first!
You will love Terry Prince ... -If you love to feel peace, inspiration, hope and relaxation through music.
-If you like Seal's style, voice and melody.
Terry has a similar feel!
-If you are currently on the Eckhart Tolle, "One Earth," brigade.
-If you appreciate thoughts and actions proclaimed by "The Secret" like positive affirmation and the power of attraction.
-If you enjoy other spiritual, loving messages like you may find in "The Four Agreements" by Don Miguel Ruiz.
-If you are on a personal mission of peace, love, awareness, tolerance for all people and all beliefs.
You will embrace Terry Prince's music and message ... just like I have!
I do not really understand why Terry Prince's talents and vision have not been showcased on shows like Oprah!
yet.
Perhaps, if more people become aware of Terry Prince ... we'll see him on the tele and hear him on the radio!
His loving message needs to be heard!
Terry Prince performs on scheduled dates, for FREE, on the Santa Monica Pier.
Our family plans to drive up from San Diego to see him perform live this summer.
If you'd like to see him perform, please check out his calendar on his web site.
There are also cd's and dvd's you may purchase as well as gain access to some free materials.
Love and Peace to you!

I came across him singing at the Santa Monica pier in California and I could not continue on my journey.
His voice and depth of feeling stopped me and I was drawn into the love that was radiating through him.
His voice is soft and the words are romantic and peaceful and seem to bring out the best in people.
What a refreshing experience that my wife and I shared together as we and thought of our own precious times together as Terry Prince and his beautiful music surrounded us with love.
Unfortunately I cannot find his albums for sale anywhere.

What a inspirational soulful singer.
I listened to Terry at the SM pier yesterday, 6-22-13.
I was mesmerized.
Such soothing on point vocals.
I was with my 90 year old mom and she enjoyed the music, but was getting fidgety, alas had to leave but first bought Imagine Love CD.
I could have stayed all day..  Wishing you a beautiful World Terry!

