Before Starbucks saturated the market in non-traditional locations such as grocers, airports, and university campuses, it was one of the first things I researched before I traveled to any new city.
In fact, my first job in college was as a Barista, where I learned the art of brewing espresso on Thursday nights for students on break between classes, studying, or on late night coffee runs.
There's comfort knowing that a venti, skim, non-fat, no foam, hazelnut latte, will be the same product I've come to know and love regardless of the Starbucks site.
Seating--they have a pair of comfy seats in the corner perfect for secluded conversations or pouring over good reading material.
Several tables outside are protected from piercing sunrays by the structural design of the building.
Very few smokers frequent this shop, so you may enjoy your caffenated beverage without being assaulted by smoke.
Outlets--if your laptop battery longevity, you'll appreciate the numerous outlets all over the store.
Heck, they even have outlets near the ceiling.
The purpose of those outlets is unclear but who cares?
They HAVE outlets.
Ambiance--the background music is soft, the lighting is low, and the furniture consists mostly of chestnut colored tables for 2.
The store is painted in earthly greens, browns and other neutral tones.
Hours--A lil early this one closes @ 9:30PM nightly.
Drive thru--avoid this queue at all costs between 7-8:30AM.
WiFi--Without a contract with T-Mobile, you can get online for $6 p/hour or $9.99 for a 24-hour period.

Always come here.
Nice location and great coffee and chai.
Nice outdoor seating.
Friendly service.

Great drinks and awesome baristas!

I love the cookie crumble its so good

Great customer service and they made my iced coffee very very yummy :)

A fan because this is only location in Surprise with a drive thru!
Much better than the grocery store "Starbucks"!

Every time they are spot on...thank you :-)

Long line at Starbucks today.
As always service was friendly and coffee was tasty (and needed)!
I appreciate it when the service is friendly even after a long line of crabby people.
Thanks Guys!

Coffee was fairly good.
The good thing with Starbucks is no matter where you are, you have a good idea of what to expect.
It's not my favorite coffee in the world, but it does the trick and there are worse you can choose.
I usually grab their dark roast with a couple shots of french vanilla with enough room left for a bit of half & half with a couple packets of sugar.
If you get a chance grab one of their cinnamon crumb coffee cakes, good stuff!

This place is hoppin!
It's the bees knees!
It's the happenin place to be!
LOL!
Okay, I'll stop :D  But seriously, I really am a fan of this location.
Indoors they have seating AND unlike most places, they actually have light sockets that you can use by some of the tables against the wall :) Sometimes I need to recharge (literally!
) & I appreciate that kind of stuff, lol.
There is also a cool little corner with comfy chairs just begging for a book club meeting or some gossip ;) There are some outdoor tables and those not in the shade have umbrellas to keep you from frying to a little crisp.
The drinks, like always, are great.
Service is good, quick and friendly.
Going back to the 'hoppin', I wasn't kidding.
I have yet to come into this place and not find it at least 1/2 full.

Nice staff but a little slow to make the order compared to other SB's I've visited.

This place is great!
They have plenty of seating inside with outlets if you want to bring a laptop, perfect for studying, and I've never had more then one person in line in front of me.
Staff was very friendly and the place seemed to be well kept.

My wife and I stopped in this location today for an iced caramel macciato because we were in the area and we love these drinks.
The place was busy, but that is not a huge deal because Starbucks is a big name and has good drinks.
The service was prompt and friendly.
They were adequately staffed for a Sunday morning rush.
Our drinks came up with a standard wait.
However these drinks did not taste very good to either of us.
Mind you this is the only drink we get when we stop at Starbucks so we know it very well.
We tasted each other's and they did not taste right.
Mine was a quad shot and there was not a difference in the taste of either.
Usually mine tastes stronger.
The price was no different than any other Starbucks but the quality was less.
Maybe it was just a bad day for them.
I would try this location one more time and modify my review if the quality is any better.

Location & Aesthetics - Located in same lot with Big Lots and just opposite the hospital in Surprise.
Forgive me for the lack of directions as I'm new to the area.
Lots of parking available and this Starbucks offers a drive through.
If you wish to have your beverage outside, there's lots of seating and tables along with the misters for that cool feeing.
The inside is clean including the bathrooms!
There's lots of space available to sit and charge one's devices!
This place fills up quickly with the elderly crowd and seating can become an issue but every time I've been there, I've always been able to grab a table and chair for myself.
Menu - it's a Starbucks and as usual, it's laid out in front of you above the cashier.
Service - The staff was very super-friendly.
Whether you're a regular or not, you're greeted immediately as you walk into the door.
One thing that needs to be mentioned is the reliable WiFi here.
It's robust just like the coffee and never drops which is always best if you're there to work on that laptop or iPad!

