I came here last weekend to see my favorite performer ever..Dave Matthews.
I was so excited I think I floated into the venue.
And it was super easy to get inside.
The crowd flow was moving and I was quickly at the bar getting a drink.
Then off to my seat to await my rock gods arrival.
The venue is fairly small compared to some others in town.
Which made almost all seats having good visibility.
My seats were super.
Not on main floor but right above it and in the middle.
Perfect!
The sound was amazing during the show.
My only complaint was the exit.
It was odd that they didn't use the side exits only the rear.
So it made for a jam packed exit.
Good thing I was high on Dave or I would have been less than thrilled being in the cattle call.

I saw Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds here, and I couldn't have asked for a better venue.
The acoustics were excellent, the seats were comfortable, and the view was good from almost every angle.
The venue isn't small but it's no stadium either.
It's perfect for acoustic shows and bands with a more mellow style.
I don't think I would want to see Metallica or Eminem here, but there are lots of singer\songwriter style musicians I would love to see here.
The staff was all very friendly and helpful, drink service was surprisingly efficient (though selection was a little lacking), and the theater layout is very visitor friendly.
The only complaint I have is that there aren't enough bathrooms.
About an hour into the show, even the mens rooms will have a line of twenty guys.

Don't be confused by the 'Performing Arts' name; this is another large, soulless concert hall.
I attended the Chinese New Year celebration here which inexplicably included Kanye West, Gnarls Barkley (Cee lo Green and Danger Mouse), Lupe Fiasco, Spank Rock, and Girl Talk (who was booed/jeered off by a visibly angry crowd and never returned [he was supposed to MC in between sets]) in a two-day 'festival' they called Fusion.
The other night, which I did not attended, included Jackie Chan (yes, singing) and other presumably Chinese stars that I had no interest in watching.
The venue is fairly ordinary.
Sound is just okay.
Significant walk from wherever you park, but it is probably smartest to park at the Cosmo unless you want to be stuck in the PH parking garage all night.
- E

This venue has been transformed into a very intimate concert hall.
When we first arrived, we sat a whole section back from where we were supposed to be because we were a little lost, and I thought our seats were farther back than what they really were.
I was pleased as peas when we sat in our correct seats and they were super close to the stage.
Yay Britney!

Saw Tool play here and the acoustics were atrocious.
It was like a cheap car stereo without a subwoofer playing FM radio songs.
The volume was so low that the audience voices could clearly be heard singing along with the music.
Huge letdown

Imagine someone stuffed the now-closed Gibson Amphitheater in Hollywood down into the floor of Planet Hollywood and that'll give you an idea of how this venue looks.
The biggest problem I had was that once you start the descent into the pit where this is located, the crowd is just unbearably packed in here.
All entrances funnel people into a lobby area that can't possibly accommodate them, which leads to lots of tight encounters and really, really long beer lines.
They not only have a dearth of bars, but bathrooms, too.
Even worse, they have TWO bathrooms for the entire venue - the men's room is all the way to one side, the women's all the way on the other.
Who the hell designed this?
Once you step into the venue proper, it's much more open.
We had some great seats off to the left in Orch and the view was excellent.
We came to see TOOL and their sound was great.
I don't really get other complaints that the sound here is shitty.
I've been to plenty of venues with truly shitty sound; this was not one of them.
I like how the band was able to make use of the massive video screens that wrap around the venue to display their trademark visuals.
Highly impressive.

Good venue for shows and performances, kinda wacky layout in the front hall/ lobby leading from Planet Hollywood into The Axis though, but good otherwise.
The layout is decent, though the cheapest seats will get you to be quite far from the action.
But what can I say, I'm spoiled with the Colosseum at Caesar's.. :P

Very nice concert hall.
I would go again.

So, I've been able to re-live my younger days pop star obsessions TWICE at this venue.
Back in December, I saw Britney take the stage (the first night of her show!
) and then again, this past Thursday for New Kids on the Block.
Before the show(s), the long entry lines extend past the circular bar area outside of the entrance, snaking along shops in Planet Hollywood.
Both times, the lines were orderly, and the wait time was minimal.
Tip: one person is the designated line stander, and the other is a drink fetcher.
That circular bar on the outside is perfect for a pre-venue cocktail.
Just make sure you get a drink that you can finish before you enter!
The ushers are quick to help you find your seat.
Both visits to the venue, I sat in areas 204 or 205.
I liked the distance from the stage to our seats because I saw the whole stage (and for Britney, saw all video monitors that she utilizes tremendously during her show).
Also, NKOTB came up to the walkway a few rows in front of us for an up close and personal song or two!
A huge portion of the audience definitely loved this part!
Just ask the girl who literally hung from a New Kid from his neck like a crazed monkey!
Also, the beads of sweat running down the New Kids' faces and abs were *just* out of reach while in the walkway (ahem, fangirl moment) but provided amazing photos!
At both shows, concertgoers had their phones out, taking photos and video.
Not once did I see an usher make it an issue.
Happy snapping!
The sound of both shows were of clarity and just the right volume.
The fireworks, smoke, streamers and tons of confetti gracing the stage and audience makes it extra fun!
Pretty cool venue in my book!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(183/365) "Hangin' Tough With The Wifey"  We've attended a few events here and most recently, for the New Kids on the Block Concert.
Yes, I was one of the 10% of males that attended.
It was crazy inside!
We had pretty good seating but for people seated at the very left or right, they had a crappy side view of the show.
It was hilarious to see die hard fans rockin' the 80's look with high hair, florescent clothes, and decked out in NKOTB gear.
Seated in section 104, we had a perfect spot for the show.
NKOTB performed their more recent hits mixed in with hits of other stars, and of course their hits of the 80s which totally brought me back to my high school years.
Surprisingly, the age range for attendees were in the teens to 50-somethings!
Felt sorry for the women who dragged their men out for the concert because there were a few men in my area that either sat down or stood the entire time with arms crossed with a "too cool for the New Kids" look instead of enjoying the moment with their significant other.
Overall, a pretty cool show full with interaction from the New Kids, eye candy for the ladies, and tons of flashy lighting, pyrotechnics, and confetti to complete the evening.
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uu  3.5

