We came here for lunch.
The place is cutely decorated though a bit faded around the edges.
And the seats are hard on the tush!
Three of us all got the same salad so it wasn't a wide sampling of food.
But what we got was good, nicely dressed, with a generous portion of chicken.
The waitress seemed a little flighty.
She originally brought out soup, realized her mistake, mumbled and walked away.
Meanwhile due to that mistake, from the time we ordered until the time we got our food took awhile.
It would have been better if she had explained.
Or maybe even comped us the soup.
But the menu was inviting enough that I'd go try it a second time.

We went here with a big group, and i wasn't very impressed.
The food was good, but not great - probably about 2-3 stars.
My mom ordered a caesar salad with light dressing, and it came out with quite heavy dressing.
Not too big of a deal.... but she sent it back and the waiter apologized and said he'd bring another.
He did, but it was just as sopping in dressing.
3rd try?
not so much.
very disappointing.
I had the special of the evening, canneloni di carne, which was OK, but nothing worth writing home about (and yet, ironically enough here I am writing about it...).
The service was pretty good though, and we had an EXCELLENT mango sorbet covered in a white chocolate shell.
Definitely the highlight.
conclusion: not bad for a reasonably priced dinner with the family or something, but I wouldn't bring a date here...

My friend recommended this place, and it was a great choice!
It took us 30 min to find it but boy, it was worth it!
I loved everything about this small restaurant and consider it to be the best Italian restaurant in Vegas.
Definitely coming back!
It is a small family owned Italian place with a great decour and excellent food.
We got to meet the owner Lucio who was very friendly and the server (I forgot his name but he was from Romania and later we found out that he and his wife are the only one who serve there) was very knowledgeable with the wine and food.
Thank you for all recommendations.
Definitely 5 stars for the service!
When it comes to the decour, it is very tasty.
I loved the colors.
And as an opposite to the previous reviewer, I found the chairs very cushy and comfortable.
The whole place is very romantic and great for a date.
When it comes to food, my friend ordered filet mignon and I had sole (recommended by the server).
It is not common to find steak in an Italian restaurant, and according to my friend who is a food snob, it was the best steak that he ever had.
My sole was great too.
Both dishes had some sauces on them which made it even more tasty.
We also had ministrone soup and salad, which both were pretty good.
To top that we had fruit sorbet in the white chocolate.
Yum!
Oh and the lighting is great.
Not too bright and not too dark.
The music is all Italian: not too loud and not too quiet.
Apparantly they have live jazz on the weekends and I cannot wait to check that out!
Highly recommended.

Lucio is excellent Italian food and to me has the best Tiramisu in Las Vegas.
The food I would give 4.5 stars.
It all depends on your preference but they are very accommodating to make you whatever you would like.
I love family run places and Lucio is a wonderful place to eat.
They have great lunch specials and to go if you are not in the mood to dine in.
They have a nice wine selection to accompany your dinner.
The tortellini is great.
I have them make it with a marinara or arrabiatta sauce which fits my palate better.
The service has been very good every time I have been and I have been quite a few times since discovering Lucio.
One of the top 5 Italian restaurants in Vegas.
I always enjoy coming  to Lucio.

Exceptionally good food in an unremarkable location with excellent service and moderate prices.
This is classic Italian dining in a calm, relaxed, almost romantic atmosphere.
Try their Arancini (deep fried risotto balls stuffed with Mozzarella cheese) for an appetizer.
Their Fillet of Sole, Lamb and Risotto are all excellent.
They are located out on the West side of town not too far from the newer Red Rock Casino.
We stumbled upon this by accident last year and we like it enough that  go here every time we pass through Las Vegas!
It is worth the drive from downtown.
Jim

Excellent, authentic Italian Restaurant.
We had a "Special" dinner there for a large group (12) and they did a wonderful job for us.
Ordered from the menu and each course was delivered at the same time to each person.
We found that to be quite a feat.
Nice selection of wines, really good food with attentive service at reasonable prices.
We'll definitely go back.

.Absolutely Delicious!
We loved this Italian Restaurant.
The food was fantastic and the service was great.
We started off with an Artichoke and Crab appetizer that was delicious.
For entrées we ordered Tortellini's, Ravioli's and Fettuccini with Shrimp.
Every meal was great, the sauces were delicious and the prices were worth going back for.
The cost of our (3) entrees, an appetizer and several cocktails was only $75.00.
The entrees came with a salad and bread was served before the meal.
I can't wait to go back and try something new.
Yummy!!

Lucio's knows how to do Italian right.
Sometimes, on a Saturday night, or maybe even a Tuesday afternoon, I will get a craving for their Scampi Risoto.
It is the best I have ever had.
Pair that with a few glasses of good wine and some of their delicious garlic bread and Delizioso!
My only complaint would be the pricing.
I think Nora's is more reasonable, with just as good as food (if not better).
However, they are always featured on Restaurant.com so you can get a great deal there.
The atmosphere is OK.
Nothing to speak of.
It is located in the back of a business park on Sahara and Ft. Apache.
I did notice they have a patio which I would love to dine out on once it cools down a bit.
The wait staff is always friendly and helps me enunciate the correct name of the dish which I appreciate :)

Good food, fine dining.
Disappointed that salad was not included.
Not for kids.

Last night, I celebrated the birthday of a good friend at Lucio Ristorante at her suggestion.
I had not heard of it and was willing to try.
I can tend to be a little "meh" about Italian cuisine, but it was her birthday, so....  Driving on Sahara, I wasn't sure where it was, but it was nestled in a shopping area adjacent to an Outback Steakhouse.
As I walked in, the lights were dimmed, the decor contemporary, yet warm and inviting, and the staff was welcoming.
After sitting down and making my wine choice, everything told me that this place is a hidden gem.
I liked that it was patronized by people that seemed to know what they had found, and it was quiet enough to have an intimate conversation.
While perusing the menu,  I asked a few questions and was told that the chef is authentically Italian.
Good sign....My friend and I split a Ceasar salad, which was fresh and delicious.
The dressing had that slight peppery tang that sets my taste buds a-dance :)  Going traditional, she ordered the lasagna which was a mighty portion with layers upon layers of noodles, cheese and meat sauce which looked both hearty and delicate at the same time.
I decided upon the Frutti de Mar.... a generous base of linguine tossed with a slightly spicy, garlicky red sauce acting as a cushion for shrimp, scallops and mussels.
It really was wonderful.
For dessert, we went all out.
Birthday, ya know....   We chose the Tiramisu, which was decadent, light and melted on the tongue, and a chocolate tartuffo al ciccolato, a tempting ball of lightly frozen chocolate mousse surrounding a center of vanilla and amaretto ice cream, then dusted with cocoa powder.
The sensation of the dry powder along with the creamy, cold chocolate was phenomenal.
Mmmmm.
The prices on this menu would fall in the high-medium range (though they are often featured on restaurant.com, so you can make it cheaper that way).
I found the selections to be ample enough to give a thorough meander through authentic Italian fare, but not so much that you are overwhelmed by the menu.
The staff also have an aire of familiarity and friendliness that makes me think that if you wanted something that you didn't see listed, they might just whip it up for you.
I would definitely visit this little place again.
A perfect place to impress a date or go with a girlfriend to catch up.
I love finds like this one.
Check it out, and  Buon Appetito !

Dropped in to the new location on Flamingo because Nora's was closed on Sunday- our lucky find!
They claim to have the best Risotto in LV- it being a slow night, our waiter Franco informed us it would have to be made from scratch and take a little longer (i.e.
18 minutes) than we might have expected.
Actually, after our salad courses were complete, the entrees came along without delay so no issue there.
My wife and I had the house salad Insalata Ortolana- very tasty!
Our friends ordered the Insalata Caprese which was just okay (In fairness, it is hard to find an outstanding caprese these days).
The risotto was outstanding- perfectly cooked!
Our friends ordered the Ravioli d'Aragosta and Pollo Sorrentina and were happy with their meal as well.
Of course my wife had to have the Tiramasu.
Previous posters have raved about this dish and the praise is well deserved.
I wasn't feeling to well so I didn't try the Cannoli but maybe next time...  A little more pricey and formal than Nora's but just as good.
Well worth the drive from the Strip & a great find for out-of-towners who would like to get a flavor of local Las Vegas.

Oh.
My.
God.
Hands down the best dinner I had in Vegas.
Possibly the best Italian food I've had outside of Italy, definitely the best since leaving Jersey.
It's a couple miles off the strip, but soooooooooooo worth the trip.
The bruschetta was amazing, the fettuccine bolognase was awesome and the lobster risotto was to.
die.
for.
I cannot talk this place up enough.
Go here!

I thought it was OK.
Nothing that I ate was that memorable good or bad.
It reminded me of a restaurant that my grandparents would like.

Everything you want in a mid-priced, authentic cucina.... More than just a red sauce joint, excellent menu and wine list.
Service was warm and attentive... We'll be back!

I found my new favorite Italian spot!
After telling a friend I can never find good italian food she suggested Lucios.
I am glad she did.
When the cooks making the food are italian you know its going to be good.
Try anything on the menu its all amazing!

We went with my family last year, and the owners/server were very accommodating.
They fit our 7 person party in very quickly, and gave us lots of options for serving the kids.
The food was just standard Italian, good, and the service was great.
I recommend it.

We came here because of all the great reviews on YELP, it was an early dinner and we were in the neighborhood.
We were one of only two tables in the restaurant when we arrived.
The door has a Zagat rating on it when we entered, so that made me feel confident we would be getting a great meal- a 28 by Zagat rating is no joke.
We sat down to a cute table, and were greeted by a Italian waiter, we could hear Italian being spoken in the kitchen, so my mind was put at ease- thinking if they are Italian they may know how to cook good Italian food.
The waiter took our order, and took his time getting us water.
He gave me an attitude when I asked regarding if there were anchovies on the Ceasar Salad- which BTW should always have anchovies in the dressing and a chilled plate- but I give most places slack- especially since Caesar Salad is a Mexican dish- NOT Italian.
He said he would add the anchovies to the dish- He said I should have just asked for them instead of asking if there were anchovies in the Ceasar salad.
The Ceasar salad came with the anchovies (4) placed on top- room temp plate.
It was OK, but not amazing.
The bread they put on the table was dry, and not very appealing.
At this point my husband and I are both asking ourselves how this joint got a 28 ZAGAT rating?
and such good YELP reviews?
I ordered the gnocchi, which the waiter assured me was home made and amazing.
It arrived on a flat plate, white, no decor on the plate, the cheesy sauce was white, the gnocchi was white, the plate was white, it was not appealing to look at- nor was it flavorful.
It tasted like what it looked like.
Thankfully a waitress came by and offered some Parmesan cheese- with that and added salt made this bland sorry dish edible.
My husband ordered a shrimp dish, which was late at arriving to the table as the waiter had ordered him calamari by accident, and then he got his eggplant entrée.
Both were OK but not Amazing.
By the time our dinner had arrived the waitress came over to explain that there were free Hors d'œuvres available- How come our waiter failed to mention these I don't know- maybe trying to get a bigger bill?
My husband went over and got some- deep fried artichoke and bruschetta.
The artichoke was meh, and the bruschetta was at least tasty but soggy( since it was sitting out for a while I guess).
Overall disappointing- would not go back.
I am guessing this is a local joint where there is just a desert surrounding it, and no where else to eat nearby.
The owners are cordial enough, but really not a reason to go back.
The only reason I would go back is that it is NOT a chain and it is a locally owned business, but not for the food.

We were give a gift certificate for this restaurant, and thought we would go for Valentines day.
I made reservations a week before at the Sahara location, and called the day before to confirm.
When we arrived, there were 4 other couples in the doorway waiting.
We stood there for 10 minutes before someone came to the front.
BTW, there is no podium or reception area at the front either) Did they greet us?
NO.
They took one couple to be seated.
At that point, another young couple that was waiting, said to us, "That's the 2nd couple that's been seated since we arrived half hour ago, and we were here before they were.
We're appaled and would rather go elsewhere.
Good luck to you.
" We began to wonder if we should stay.
We figured we would wait a while longer.
After all, it was Valentines Day, where else are we going to get seated at the last minute?
About 15 minutes went by, and no one came to greet us, and there were 2 empty tables.
I walked across the room near the kitchen entrance and told one of the employees we had been waiting over 20 minutes, and no one has even aknowledged our presence, and that we had a reservation.
Their response was, " sorry, it's Valentines Day and we're short staffed.
" I informed them that was not my problem, and at the very least someone could at least greet us & inform us that they're running behind.
Again, the response was, "Sorry, we're too busy.
" At that point we left as the other couple behind us did the same.
A week later, we decided to return for my birthday(after all, we had a free gift certificate to use).
If I had trusted my instincts the first time, I would've left the certificate on Valentines Day for someone else to use.
After we again waited 10 minutes before someone aknowledged we were even there, we were seated., We were brought a wine list and asked for our drink order.
We stated we would have water while we looked over the wine list.
The server brought out tapwater with no ice, and a basket of very dry bread.
Again, I started to question myself.
(Should I go somewhere else?
) The salad was served on a warm plate with very runny dressing.
My wife asked for her dressing on the side, and of course her salad was drenched instead.
For the main meal, my wife had an undercooked piece of fish, and I had overcooked gnocci.
This was by far the worst restaurant I've ever been to in my life.
I made sure they were aware of that when I informed them they were not getting a tip.
I would stay away from this place.
The staff is rude, and they clearly do not care about the customer whatsoever.
I'm glad I had a gift certificate, because I most certainly would not have paid for this experience.

My husband and I went to the Flamingo location and I returned with my girlfriend to celebrate her birthday.
Great Italian food and service.
Makes up for my disappointment over JR's closing on Durango!

I had hoped for more.
The service was OK. Not great.
The food was also OK, not great.
This got a 28 Zagat rating and I have no idea how.
I would try it one more time and my wife would not.
So we are not going back.
Even the bread was bad.
Blah.

I asked the waiter for butter,He told me they don't have butter.How do they make Scampi then?
Horrible place!
Dry chicken,flavorless food.Stay away.

Small cozy intimate location with bunch of regulars.
The food is decent but I would have a hard time paying full price without the $50 Restaurant.com coupon.
It's pretty standard Italian IMO, nothing special and nothing i havent seen anywhere else.
The bruschetta was very tasty and came with 3 big pieces.
The baguette was nice and crisp and the tomatoes was well seasoned.
The Cozze e vongole, clams and mussels in in a white wine lemon sauce was a rip off IMO.
The sauce was tasty but just doesn't seem like you get much.
We really enjoyed the free bread and chimichurri sauce.
Very tasty soaking up the bread from the Clam/Mussel white wine lemon sauce and chimichurri.
They claim to have the best risotto in town and the mushroom was pretty good - had good texture but I felt it could have a little more flavor to it.
We also ordered the breaded veal chop which was topped with arugula and truffle oil.
Good service and food but for the money, I would prefer to have something more unique.
This is definietly more safe and standard Italian American food IMO.
3 stars maybe a little harsh - probably between 3 and 4.
They definitely get their share of regulars though.

Fabulous.
We eat there a few times a week.
Never disappointed.
The best meatballs and Veal Parmesano.
I am telling everyone about it.

I LOVE Lucio!!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas!!
There's not many great Italian restaurants in Vegas, so my boyfriend and I end up eating here at least once a month!!
It's in a business park/strip mall type of thing but don't let the location fool you!!
When you walk in, the ambiance is both modern and cozy.
It's not super fancy, but it's nice.
You get complimentary bread basket with some chimichurri.
It's ok.
I'm not crazy about it, which works bc I always need to save room for the rest of the meal!!
We always get the same appetizers - The bruschetta and the calamari!!
Both are delicious!!
I always add a tiny bit of balsamic to the bruschetta then it's perfect.
The calamari is absolutely delicious!!
It's hard for us to ever try anything else because it's just so good!!
For my entree, I usually try to order something from the specials but when I can't decide on one, I usually resort to the Pollo Sorrentina, which is on their permanent menu.
OMG - it is AMAZING!!
It is a sauteed chicken breast in a white wine sauce, topped with prosciutto, fontina cheese, and mushrooms.
It comes with a small portion of steamed veggies and roasted potatoes.
For $16, it is a GREAT meal!
My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
I never have room for dessert since I always leave here beyond stuffed, but my boyfriend always manages to make room for the tiramisu, which he claims is the best he's ever had in the 20+ years of eating tiramisu!!
so I guess it must be good :)  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in search of a great italian dinner!

It is only a hail mary throw away from where I am currently holing up, that is always a plus as gas prices are expected to go back up with more recent Mid East unrests.
The 65+ crowd seems to really dig it, and I don't think they even have an AARP discount.
However, they do seem to have a lot of Groupon and Restaurant dot com promos.
Anyway, Groupon Now was how I ended up here for dinner.
It was a nice little Italian restaurant tucked away in a strip mall, practically sandwiched between Subway and Outback.
And I thought I give them a try.
The place was not crowded on a Friday night, so there was no wait.
Great for me, probably not so much for the restaurant.
After studying the menu, I ordered their Calamari Fritti, a benchmark test I have for Italian restaurants.
The portions were larger than I had expected, and it was better than okay.
But not the best I have had in LV.
I also ordered the Linguine Al Frutti Di Mare (another tried and true benchmark test), which is thin flat pasta, served with mussels, clams, shrimps, and really tiny scallops in a tomato sauce with crushed red peppers, garlic and wine.
It was decent, and not burn your mouth spicy, but with enough heat to make my nose run all night.
Since I have an above average appetite, I also tried their Pollo Sorrentina (breast of chicken sauteed with shallots, chicken stock, white wine and topped with prosciutto, fontina cheese and mushrooms.
This was another nice entree, that is pleasant but not spectacular.
Tiramisu was how I concluded this meal and unintentionally shut down the restaurant for the night.
It was again just okay.
But overall it was a pleasant dining experience, and I can see why it was popular with the more mature crowd.
Ambiance: 4/5  Music playing softly in the background, and the dining room was softly illuminated.
Food:  3.5  No complaints.
Generous portions on some items.
Service:  4/5  Nice waiter, didn't try to oversell, since he was surprised that I even wanted to order a second entree and tried to discourage me from doing so.
Location:  Not really for out of town tourists staying on the Strip, but a local dining spot on the West side.
Parking:  5/5  Plentiful.
Giving it 3 stars, as it is better than 3 but not close enough to 4 to get the bump in my personal rating.

I went here for dinner.
For the food it was very good.
Had the appetizer Calamari Alla Luciana.
Very delicious, calamari was not overcooked and the tomato sauce had a little kick to it.
For me, I would've liked this over some pasta but instead sopped that sucker up with the bread.
Oh, and the bread, crusty on the outside, soft and light on the inside.
My friend found it so delicious he wanted to buy a couple of loaves to take home.
They didn't have enough but told us who the supplier was.
We went straight to the bakery after dinner to purchase the bread.
Again, had the Moretti for beverage,  very good lager  For the main courses, I tried a special, red wine marinara sauce with sausage tossed with spaghetti.
It was OK, the sausage tasted good but there was too much marinara sauce that I found it overpowering.
Now, on to the Wild Mushroom Risotto.
It was delicious, it was fairly loose good texture, and nice mushroom flavor.
I needed to try it to see if i was making risotto correctly.
Obviously not, oh well, at least I have a very good reference point.
I'm giving this place 5 stars but with some reservation.
The bathroom, arrgh.
Wasn't clean and the toilet was not working.
Other than that, the dining area was cozy, food was very good, service was excellent.

We decided to try this place because their was a good deal on groupon for it, otherwise we would have never stepped into this place since it is hidden.
The first time we came here for lunch and the place was still closed even though they said they would be open at 1130 and it was already noon, so that was not a good first impression.
We decided to give it another chance and we had dinner there, keep in mind, only 1 groupon per table.
At first the waiter seemed kind of rude, I think he was annoyed that we had a groupon and we had thought we could use two of them, or maybe it is just an Italian thing, he just kind of gave us a negative vibe at first, but you know am not one to make this experience a bad one so I gave him a second chance as well.
He did get a lot nicer as the meal progressed.
Upon his recommendations, we had the spaghetti & meatballs as well as the homemade finger pasta with Italian sausage.
The pasta was delicious and still al dente, but if i were to pay full price for it, uhmmm i would have second thoughts.
The other yelpers were raving about the tiramisu so I tried it, it did NOT IMPRESS me though, I thought it was plain and the Tiramisu you can buy at Smith's tasted better.
I guess this is supposed to be a fine dining restaurant, but I think the ambience is not that upscale.
If you are planning to celebrate a special occasion here, I would not recommend it if you are wanting it to be fancy and special, but if you just wanna try their pasta I would say go for it.
Overall an ok experience, delicious pasta, would I go back?
Maybe...if I could get a good deal again :)

In a world where Rex Marvin was one run over by two guys dressed as Martha Steward driving a dump truck at a high rate of speed...very little surprises Rex.
Rex has endured "surprises" that would kill a man.
Rex was surprised when Kathy Bates jumped out his birthday cake wearing nothing but frosting and nipple clamps.
Rex was surprised when he was sold into slavery and forced to pick coffee beans in Ethiopia...not because of the slavery, but because the food was much better than he had anticipated.
Rex was surprised when he was covered in blood holding a human head high on gas fumes and giddiness from a Paula Poundstone concert...and the police want to lock HIM up.
(Misunderstanding of course, anyone in a Paula Poundstone show is there to kill themselves quickly or slowly...the gentleman next Rex picked quickly.
Rex still considers a wise and wonderful man.
Why was Rex there...to develop mental toughness.
Sit through 20 minutes without killing yourself, and torture you will surely endure at the hands of 13 year olds with machete's forcing you to pick coffee beans faster will seem like a joke.
Rex has handled these surprises and many others with dignity and class.
The one surprise that Rex cannot abide...cannot fathom...cannot think of any other adjectives... is how Lucio Ristorante isn't held up to the world as the shining beacon of Italian food in Las Vegas.
Las Vegas is filled with more bad Italian food than a Danish Italian Food Expo Rex once attended in Peoria, Illinois.
Those damn Danes will get theirs!
Friggin' fish salters!
They stole my beloved Italian food and then they stole my less than beloved companion, Cyclops Cindy.
Old one eye...sweet girl...giving girl...the things she would let you do to that eye should be illegal...Rex thinks they might be...but nothing is too savage and vulgar for a Dane who cooks Italian food in Peoria...trust Rex on that!
Rex has spent many years in institutions on the East Coast...and Rex KNOWS great Italian food.
Rex know the wonderful experience those beautiful swarthy bastards can create.
Rex also knows the pain of a Dane in a fake mustache...and all things in between.
Here in Las Vegas there is as many good Italian places to eat as there hookers without kids...NOT MANY!
Lucio's is a find.
A city treasure.
First...the appetizers.
The finest fried Calamari this side of the Atlantic ocean.
Brilliantly prepared, perfectly battered and served with a tasty marinara sauce.
The Antipasto is also wonderful and the spicy shrimp (Gamberi Fra Diavlo) is simply wonderful.
Perfectly seasoned, not too hot and excellent shrimp.
The César salad is a triumph of fine ingredients and the way not to over dress greens.
The signature salart is good, but Rex can't stand Gorgonzola, so he isn't a fair judge.
Second, the main course...so much to say.
So little time.
The Risotto, their pride and joy, is TRULY the best in the city.
It is impeccably done...slight bite, soft but not too soft...velvety and creamy...it is just wonderful.
Treat yourself...Rex does...to the Truffle or the Scampi.
The Truffle is Rex's favorite.
The pasta dishes are all well executed, well seasoned and very generous portions...much like Rex.
The Spicy Shrimp (Penne Scampi Fra Diavlo) and the Spaghetti with meatballs (spaghetti con polpettine) are real standouts.
The eggplant parmesan (Melanzane Alla Parmigiana).
The Pollo Sorrentina is a great dish, chicken with prociutto and mushrooms...delicious.
One problem happens at desert.
The Tiramisu is severly lacking that great espresso bite...almost none to be found anywhere.
The Pastiera Napolentana is so well done Rex barely minded the problem with the Tiramisu.
The Cannoli's are also wonderful and very authentic.
Special mention to the wait staff.
Great servers.
Very knowledgeable about the food.
They want to make your experience a good one.
I couldn't be more thrilled with the staff.
Rex has never had a bad plate, let alone a bad meal and he has eaten there 20 times.
They often have specially on Groupon or other sites, and the 20 bucks for 40 bucks of food might be one of the best deals Rex has ever had.
Get on their email list too!
Great deals.
In this town of miscreants, low life's, and scumbags...you know...my people...all promising great Italian food...most of the liars or fools...Lucios stands head and shoulders above the rest.
Extremely reasonably priced, well cared for dishes by attentive cooks and extremely friendly wait staff...you can't do better in any food genre.
Much like an elderly Katherine Hepburn said to a young Rex Marvin "you almost broke my hip.
" Not sure how that fits, Rex just likes to brag.

I didn't even know this place existed until I did a search for risotto.
It's tucked away in a strip mall behind Outback Steakhouse on the corner of Sahara and Durango.
We walked in and there was only one other table occupied.
The place looks upscale with it's white linens and classic place settings, but it is a local's place that probably wouldn't turn you away if you're casually dressed.
The host/waiter (manager/owner???...
who knows...) was very nice.
We had our four year old son with us and he was very accommodating.
They don't have a kid's menu but were willing to come up with something that he would eat (he's incredibly picky and won't even eat pasta).
Here's what we had:  Insalata di pere ($9) - pear and orange on a bed of arugula, candied walnuts, warm brown sugar raspberry balsamic vinaigrette and blue cheese crumbles.
Nice mix of bitter, sweet, and citrus flavors.
Overdressed, but still good.
Large enough for two to share.
Cozze e vongole al guazzertto ($12) - sautéed mussels and clams in a white wine and garlic sauce.
Nicely presented, great broth that we soaked up with bread after the mussels and clams were gone.
The downside was that the mussels and clams were overcooked.
Penne pasta with sausage, mushrooms, and a red wine cream sauce.
Delicious and creamy.
Hearty chunks of sausage and savory slices of mushrooms made this a tasty dish.
Funghi selvatici risotto ($20) - mixed mushrooms.
It was a large plateful of creamy and delicious risotto.
This is what they're supposed to be know for and it didn't disappoint.
Kid's portion chicken breast ($5) - pounded thin and simply grilled.
My kid loved it.
All in all, it was a solid meal with good service.
The menu reads as standard Italian-American fare, but it's executed fairly well.
They've got four or five types of risotto and several of their pastas, like the gnocchi and ravioli, are made from scratch in-house.
There's absolutely no need to go to an Italian-inspired chain restaurant when places like this are around.
You can find discounts for Lucio Ristorante on Restaurant.com.
Too bad I didn't find out about that until after dining there.

The atmosphere and service were really great!
It's a very romantic setting with low music that sets a great dining experience.
The prices weren't bad either.
The menu offered a good amount of options.
We had bruschetta as an appetizer and it was very yummy!
Unfortunately the entrees were not very good.
They were a little bland and my bf's salmon wasn't cooked very well.
Kind of a let down since the beginning of the meal started so great.

OMG these meatballs will make you cry they are so good!!
We didn't even order the entree yet and it is sooo delicious!
I took my family here for my daughter's 21 bday dinner and from the cocktails to the dessert and coffee everything is delicious!
Beautiful atmosphere if you want to dress up or for a casual dinner..
Plenty of style and ambiance.
Highly recommended!

