New place in our neighborhood.
Decided to give it a try and get a pedicure with my girlfriend.
Price was average ($25) and service was substandard.
Razored my feet without asking first.
I have been told the razor actually makes skin worse.
Toe nails were not buffed.
Decided to also get a men's manicure ($15) which basically consisted of getting my nails trimmed and left them crooked and unbuffed.
Girlfriend was not impressed with her pedicure either.
Neither of us will be going back.

The 1 star is for the friendly conversation we had during my manicure.
Otherwise, just like Chris O.
We wanted to try the new place in the 'hood'...
Seemed nice, clean, they also do hair... the place was not busy at all so I sat right down.
I don't do acrylic, just a nice french manicure with a little cut and file.
The water to soak my had was barely warm... not good I thought to myself... anyhow...  for Nail places I usually wait a few days to review to see how their product & such hold up....  A disaster, not even 2 days after my $20 manicure ($25 w/ tip) and my tips were chipping, the clear around my cuticles were lifting... uugghhh I was NOT HAPPY... especially because I had some things going on this weekend.
I admit when we left the place I was happy, they did look nice but very soon after I could tell their product was cheap, not quality at all!!!
Oh yeah & when does a regular manicure cost 20 bucks???
the average is $12 and maybe $5 for french...
I will not be going back, Yelpers beware!

I have been to this nail shop now three times, and every time I leave happy!
They do great work, and the staff is friendly and efficient!
No complaints here!

You are  very busy person so this place is great for me.
It's a full service salon, so You can get everything done at once and that is very handy.
While im waiting for hair color they do your nails, which really saves you a lot of time.
You can usually get everything I need done in approximately 2 hours.this salon Under new owner From 2009

I have been coming here to uc salon for the past four or five years, and over time this place has become my second home!
The staff here is unbelievable, and the service is exceptional.
I get asked constantly who does my eyebrows, Julie's been doing mine since I was fifteen!!
Plus they do everything, today I got such a beautiful blow-out.
And to top it all off, on Sundays I can come get a manicure and watch the football games.
I would say that I go to the salon around once a week, and not because my cuticles need trimming, simply because the energy at this salon as become one of my favorite places for 'me time' And above all it is affordable enough for me to treat myself so often.
If you're looking for a new salon I would definitely recommend trying uc out!!
-from a avid beauty connoisseur

I have been going to UC Nails for the past two or three years and I refuse to go anyplace else.
I usually have Tracy or Laura do my nails, but Julie has done them before and does a great job as well.
At work, I am constantly getting compliments on my nails.
I can even go 3 weeks before needing a fill, which is unheard at any of the other nail salons I have been to.
UC is also the only place I trust with my eyebrows...they make them look perfect each time.
I love when it's time to get my nails done because I always feel so welcome when I walk into the salon.
Everyone is so friendly.
The prices are reasonable as well, especially for the quality you receive.
I would recommend UC Nails to just about anyone, and I have!

I've been coming here for years!
I get my eyebrow wax, pedi & mani, and hair done here.
It's a great place.
If you want a wonderful hair experience ask for Jenny!

I've been coming here for over four years now for my hair cuts.
Jenny is the only person that I trust with my hair.
You can show her a picture or describe to her what you want for you hair and she'll do it ten times better.
Jenny is your go to hair stylist.
I've never gotten a manicure or a pedicure here, but the place is very sanitary and they're very proper when disposing and cleaning the mani and pedi area.
The whole staff is very nice and so caring of everyone who walks through their door.

Small little salon.
I ended up here, because it was the only place I could find that was open on July 4th.
I need a quick under arm wax, and they did a good job.
Took me with no appointment, after I called to let them know I was on the way (actually to see if they were open)  The girl did a great job, it lasted longer than I expected.
I was in and out in about 15 minutes.
I'd definitely go back.

2 hours to get my pedicure done, by 4 different people.
NO.
NO NO NO NO.
NEVER EVER AGAIN.

I have been coming here to uc salon for the past four or five years, and over time this place has become my second home!
The staff here is unbelievable, and the service is exceptional.
I get asked constantly who does my eyebrows, Julie's been doing mine since I was fifteen!!
Plus they do everything, today I got such a beautiful blow-out.
And to top it all off, on Sundays I can come get a manicure and watch the football games.
I would say that I go to the salon around once a week, and not because my cuticles need trimming, simply because the energy at this salon as become one of my favorite places for 'me time' And above all it is affordable enough for me to treat myself so often.
If you're looking for a new salon I would definitely recommend trying uc out!!
-from a avid beauty connoisseur

I love this place.
I drive from Henderson to get a pedi.
Always super friendly, helpful and do a great job.
I even got my brows waxed today and I'm very happy with the results.

I was a little skeptical about this place because it's never really busy but I must say it was a nice surprise.
I got a pedicure and they had a guy do it for me.
He didn't speak English but he did amazing!!!!
He took his time and made sure he was neat!
I will definitely be back to this place.

I love how they did my hair!
I got highlights and low lights and also just today got my eyebrows tattooed!
My hair looks fantastic it is just what I wanted and not very expensive at all.
My eyebrows look amazing and I can't wait to go back next week for my nails!!
All of the staff is nice and friendly!

Came here to get a hair color and highlights, it took longer and they just shove me in a corner while the color is dripping down my face.
I ask for a towel and the girls said its okay i have something that will take that off later and grab the vaseline and wipe it on my forehead.
When everything is done, you can see all the color on my face and behind my ears.
it took days to get it off...  i will never go back there.

NEVER AGAIN WILL I COME BACK HERE.
I called on a Friday afternoon to schedule a haircut by Jenny.
They gave me an 11 am slot for the following day (Saturday).
I came with a friend about 10:45 am.
The receptionist and Jenny asked me to take a seat and Jenny will be right with me.
She went to the back to eat.
So I waited...11:15 am; Jenny comes up to me and offers another person to cut my hair, because she was busy with another client.
At this point I was shocked and angry.
I made an appointment with Jenny the day before, yet Jenny took a walk-in and was giving her a mani.
Jenny tried to convince me to get my hair done by Michelle, who has been cutting hair for so long and she's really good.
She said my hair was already styled and it's just a trim.
I asked how much the trim was...$25.
DONE.
First of all, I made an appointment specifically with her then she offers another person to cut my hair.
Theeeen charges me $25?
No.
I left.
Efffff that.

This has been my family's go-to spot for a couple years now.
In times past I have let go  the longer wait times or shorter pedi than normal, usually due to weekend crowds, but not today.
There was by no means an overwhelming crowd spilling out the doors of the newly expanded salon and yet I waited 10 minutes longer than my sisters to get started.
As I sit there waiting, they explained to my sister that callus removal is no longer a standard step of their basic $22 pedi.
That is now $3 extra, so back up to the normal $25.
We decide that it's worth it to get the Deluxe Pedi for $32, since we are already paying extra.
By the time they apply the first mask to my legs, one of my sisters is already having her toe nails painted.
After she applies the mask, she gets up and leaves me to wait, again.
I understand this is normal.
15 minutes later, it's not normal and I'm irritated as the woman finally walks back over just to tell me she has a hair appt to finish and someone else will be taking over.
Fine.
Get on with it, I'm thinking.
Boy, did they!
The second girl proceeds to remove the first mask, which left my legs sunburnt red, only to rush thru a second mask, the lotion massage (which is the part I wait the entire time for) and painting my toes in all of about 10 minutes.
Today is my birthday and I got completely jipped on the only thing I wanted.
Needless to say, we will be searching for a new go-to spot, as it's obvious this salon is a bit too big for its britches now days.

This salon was recommended to me by a coworker and I went as her nails always look really nice.
I was not disappointed, this place is awesome!
Jenny did my nails and she fixed what another salon had messed up and listened to what I wanted and also offered her own advice (which turned out beautiful).
She took her time on my nails even though she had a hair show booked as well and even though it was my first visit she remembered me by name when she was finished.
Most of the staff were on a first name basis with their clients and you could sense the customer loyalty.
I will definitely be back.

