I always feel like I'm entering a car dealership when a restaurant sells fast food as 'fine dining'...but I was interested in trying this place out.
Yes, it's a chain.
After an afternoon of shopping with my artsy neighbor, we were game for some good grub, and she recommended the place, so off we went.
I'll admit to being a mite disappointed at the lack of creativity in the menu.
It's like Applebee's with a lei.
We shared an order of Beachside Sliders and Cheddar Fries.
The sliders were okay, the best part were the crispy red onion strings.
There was more bread than meat.
The cheddar fries were dry.
I took some pork soft tacos home also, and personally, I think they were better than the sliders.
The best part of being at the restaurant had to be our server, Fernando.
He was just AwEsOmE!
He kept us hydrated constantly, recommended that next time we get chili on top of the cheddar fries, and even ran, yes RAN to get club soda when my neighbor accidentally got a drop of ketchup on her purse.
Islands should be proud to have Fernando as a server.
If it was just on service, I would give it a five.
But due to the lack of items that called to me (2 different desserts, are you kidding me?
Just because you give it an 'islandy' sound doesn't make it so), and the items that we did order not being so yummy, I have to lay off a couple of the stars.
Yay to Fernando, boo to boring menu.

The first time I had Islands was in Los Angeles.
The second time, in Mesa.
The third, here are Avondale.
And since I'm lazy, I decided to mark my review here.
[focus point here]  When I had first had Islands in Los Angeles, I thought this was as good as it gets.
Pineapple slice on a burger?
Count me in!
As soon as I got home from my trip, I googled the joint and found that we have our very own Islands.
I was ecstatic!
So I rounded up the buddies and we went with high spirits.
Although the food wasn't nearly as good as I remembered, it wasn't bad.
It's definitely a good little place to get together with friends.
As Margaret L. said, it' s pretty much like Applebee's except the quality is a million times better!
I recommend trying Islands yourself.

Good, not great.
I thought the prices were a little on the higher end without the food matching.
I got no problem dropping some cash on some good food, it's what makes life enjoyable.
I just felt that the $9 burger tasted like it should be a $5 burger.
I agree with Margaret L. - it's still better food than Applebee's.

It tells you a lot if a burger joint can get 5 stars.
If you're astute, it tells you the geographical bar has been set pretty low.
(Note the posters compaining about the high prices.
Nuff said.
)  Having been to Islands locations throughout Cali for many years, I can honestly say this one rocks.

We have been this to Island's many times.
The burgers are OK.
I love the french fries (Especially the chili cheese fries).
Most of the appetizers are pretty good.
Service is hit and miss.
This time we had a good service.
For the inconsistent service, it is 3 starts.

I've been to Islands two times, so I am pretty confident giving a 3 star rating.
I appreciate the ambiance of this location.
They have televisions readily visible for customers to watch island-ish videos such as surfing.
Additionally, they have cool island decoration such as carved wooden paddles.
I am very pleased with the cleanliness of this restaurant, which, if judged alone, would receive 5 stars.
During my most recent visit, the waiter was amazing!
Very friendly, comfortable, and knew how to joke around in a way that enabled my friends and me to relax a little more.
5 Stars for her!
I'm a pretty simple guy when it comes to food, so both visits I ordered hamburgers.
They both had good flavor, but in my opinion they aren't anything spectacular.
However, I think the hamburgers are better than those from Chili's and Red Robin's.
I would have been more pleased if they didn't cost between 8 and 9 dollars.
In the end, the price is the determining factor that drops my rating to 3 stars.
I'm a full-time college student who doesn't work.
If the burgers were about 6 dollars, I'd bump it to 4 stars.

My kids love this place !!!
And I love the burgers and the wings the best so far

Kinda pricey for a burger joint but hey, if you want cheap go to Jack In The Box!
Amazing selection.
Friendly staff.
Clean restaurant.

This place is great.
The burgers were excellent.
Passion fruit iced tea was awesome.
I would have given 5 stars, but my french fries looked like they came from the bottom of the barrel.
I would recomend this place to others.

Hey!
One of the last remaining Islands restaurants and we found it!
Same place as always.
Very good burgers.
I wasnt a huge fan of the french fries though.
They sorta had a In N Out burger taste to them, but they were a bit tough.
Maybe it was just the order we got, but I wasnt that impressed.
Burgers were good.
You get what you expect from Islands.
Decent food and I'd go back again.
However if I had the choice between Islands and Red Robin.. Red would win.

Love it!
Biggest complaint is that there is frequently a really really really long wait.
Not enough parking either.
I have had my burger served under cooked (I like 'em extra done) twice but even that won't keep me from going back.
They have the best fries in town and their burgers do not disappoint.
Don't love the bun but it can be removed and tossed out.
Service is usually excellent.
Couple of times we've gotten a new wait person and have been unhappy but again, never enough to not keep going back or even to ask for the manager.
Islands is our favorite burger spot.

Great place for a Burger!
You can't go wrong with a delicious Hawaiian Burger and good crispy fries.
Plus, their Hawaiian Punch drink is always refreshing, especially during the summer.

Love this place!
The food is awesome and the drinks rock!!

Drinks were great.
Great customer service.
The katy perry look alike waitress was very friendly!
The beans were really delcious.
The chips and salsa were amazing!

I got the chicken burger today, it is pretty good.
Grilled, juicy, and cooked just right.
The fries are always hot and crispy.
The wait for the food took a little longer than normal, but I know they are very busy.
Bummer our service this time was a totally miss.
At first she was great, check came took our drink order and food at the same time (we were ready).
She checked on us after our food arrived and we ever saw her again until the bill.
We both were so thirsty, NO REFILLS.
She offered us later that she can bring our refills in a to go cup.
That is great, but I would have liked a drink with my food instead of choking it down.

The food is nothing spectacular.
The only reason to go is because kids eat free on tuesday.

the rincon burger and the hawaiian burger are delicious.
The fries are good also.
I'm excited about this place making it back to our rotation.
A few years ago we had to drop it since it cooked all their fries with peanut oil.
(food allergies) Just found out they now use vegetable oil now.
Great burgers and fries.
Mmm suddenly i'm thinking of a juicy succulent burger.

Burgers are amazing.
Prices for kids are ridiculous but all in all a great place.
Service was not the greatest.
Took 15 min to get something to drink and didn't see the waitress till our food came.
That has to be one of my Pet Peeves in life.
The food definitely makes up for the service.

Friendly hostess and wait staff.
Reasonable prices for the food and beverages.
Great burgers, salads and tacos.
I would come here again!

Best place for a burger.
The seasonal beers are always delicious.
I can't stop eating the fries... all you can eat?!
Awesome!

Anytime I want a burger I think... ISLANDS after you have had a burger from here, you will never want to go to another place.
I love their Rincon burger and their bottomless french fries!
Their burgers are so juicy that wow it makes my mouth water just thinking about it.
I first came here about a year ago and i was hooked!
I come here about once a week.
I love this place, love the food, their brown ale (beer), the service is great, friendly people, relaxing atmosphere... What else could you ask for?

We ate here in June.
While it was great, it was nothing that would make me jump off the freeway and stop if I saw it and was hungry.
I'd compair it to a glorified Fudruckers with a Hawaiian twist.
I know we had a few issues, nothing I can remember--- but enough that well over a month later I remember that it wasn't smooth sailing.
:) Give them a try, you might find heaven in there.
Who knows.

Not a bad place.
Burger was good but disappointed on switching from endless fries to onion rings.
Only got 4 onion rings.
Really?
Four?

Corporate burgers has options.

We went to Islands after leaving Claim Jumper, located in the same parking lot.
Islands was busier, however they got us seated served and order taken very quickly.
Service and food was good!

I have always like the food at Islands!
I will continue to like their food, but man!
Just getting to expensive!
I know we enjoy food, and our pictures prove that.
But eighty dollars for dinner!
1st the food!
- I ordered the Rincon burger, this was probably the best burger I have ever had!
Comes with guacamole, smoke apple wood bacon, lettuce, tomato!
First time I had it, won't be my last!
the bad thing about it was.
My wife took half of it, because she liked it so much!!
Wife had the chili burger, it was good since I had her half.
Daughter enjoyed her salad.
again, overall we really enjoyed the food.
But wish a burger a fries wouldn't cost over $10.00.

I haven't been to an Islands in 10 years.
Now I remember why.

Islands burgers is great.
They were able to accommodation a large party on their patio.
The server was patient and fast.
I had 2 drinks and onion rings.
The onion rings were tasty and hot.
Also, I had a chocolate lava dessert which was too much for one person but it was good.
I also had to share the onion rings.
My friends said they loved their food as well.
I will definitely be going back to try a burger.

Good burgers and chicken, the fries are so so.
Excellent happy hour specials is the only way to make the appetizers worth it.

Nothing impressive about the food.
It all appeared to be frozen not fresh.
The spicy mayo just seemed to be pink mayo, maybe a dash of hot sauce in it.
Service was good but that's about it.

Standard quick-casual burger chain  Island's is about what you expect of a quick-casual burger chain.
Sit down is quick.
Ordering if prompt.
Service on drinks is average.
And food goes down, but is not memorable.
Cost was a bit higher than I expected.
Took us about 1:20 to get in and out the last two times.
Can also be a tad loud.
They do have a very good smoothie-type drink I highly recommend.

This place is excellent!
We recently moved from Hilo and have experienced mad AZ attitude :(  but here EVERYONE is nice.and the happy hour prices are phenomenal!
Poke is made the way it should be exceptional.
Favorite place in all of phoenix if u like happiness and good food...

One of my favorite burger joints in the valley.
The burgers are huge and are cooked to your desire which is a plus as a number of places won't cook medium rare.
The restaurant always has a friendly staff and they serve you quickly.
If there is just two of you dining, I would recommend sharing a basket of fries and they bring out quite a large amount.
Overall, the restaurant has a nice atmosphere, is clean and moderately priced.
If you are in the area and are looking for a good burger I would recommend checking Islands out.
You won't be disappointed.
They also have a good strawberry lemonade drink I would recommend.

Burgers are decent,  Fries very inconsistent.
They have a great pesto chicken sandwich.
Best sandwich in the joint..
Otherwise pretty mediocre

I like the surfer, ocean, tiki vibe that's here.
The TVs are always playing a surfing channel.
It makes the atmosphere really sparkle and helps with the Phoenix heat.
The food here is good nothing really special about it.
They do however have a pretty good lunch special menu.
It's also one of the few places in the valley that I've seen Longboard on tap.
I'm a fan and do like coming here once in awhile to get a beer and burger.

Decent food, great happy hour half off appetizers.

Burger was just OK, service was good, salad & dressing were nasty!
Way too expensive for average food.
I'd rather get a bistro salad at Trader Joe's for $4!

This place is one of our favorites!
We love their endless fries.
My husband always orders the Kilauea which is a jalapeno & black pepper crusted burger with pepper jack cheese, and island reds (thin sliced fried onions).
I usually get the Hawaiian which is a burger with pineapple, teriyaki sauce & Swiss cheese.
We have never been disappointed in any of their food.
They have several TVs so you can watch the game, or NASCAR race while you eat your food.
They have surfing on TV too.
Great place to hang ten!!
:-)

Had the Kilauea burger, not very many jalapenos on it, asked more.
Great food and great ambiance.
Love these burgers , cold beer .
Great place .

Gabriel was great and our food was great.
It is the same as every other Islands Restaurant, so there isn't much to review on.
We always go to the Islands and we always enjoy it.
The drinks were good.

Went here for my 35th BIRTHDAY!
My 1st time eating at the place.
I was BLOWN away!!
What a AMAZING choice!
The food was to DIE for!!
The mixed drinks were PERFECT!
The staff was well mannered & helpful great customer service.
To top of the experience, my FREE birthday desert LOOK LIKE a master piece!!
Picture perfect !!
Not to mention tasted fabulous !!!
Can't wait for my next visit!

I only give them three stars cause of the service today.
We were ignored by the waitress, no drinks refilled and our order wasn't right, but we ate it anyways cause our waitress was around, but never stopped at our table.
Ok now to the good: I love the burgers, try the crispy onions.
The fries are also good, try them with their special seasoning of salt, pepper and garlic.
I will be back, but hope that I don't get the same waitress!!!

I have wanted to try this place for a long time and now I am sad that I waited so long but at the same time not in a hurry to get back any time soon.
The sweet potato fries were great but that was it.
The drinks were just alright.
The service was slow.
The kids meal was good and a small size as not to waste anything.
Not sure I will be back any time soon.

Above average quality burgers.
If you try the wing appetizer, you will be impressed.
The service is friendly.
I have been several times and will continue to.

i wasn't particularly blown away by islands, but i enjoyed myself.
they have a couple of their own beers, i had the brown one and it was pretty tasty.
my friend and i ordered some appetizers.
the poke (raw fish and slaw) which was very good and the nachos were were good but nothing special.
i followed that up with the tortilla soup which was really good.
(i just had a bowl, as opposed to the endless bowl) and my friend got a brownie dessert.
the service was friendly and informative.
at one point, they forgot to put the beans on the side for our nachos and apologized when it happened, when they brought it, and the manager himself as we were leaving.
the atmosphere was friendly and inviting, but i can't say much for price as my friend picked up the tab.
i'd recommend it for an island vibe style night out!

So far service is good, but its dead slow in here only reason it gets 4/5 is because of the odor/smell inside...it smells funky!
The shake mango strawberry is pretty amazing.

Everyone here is great!
Always feel welcome and relaxed.
Food is always fresh and everyone here is full of smiles!

Food was okay, nothing spectacular to brag home too.
Service was good and staff were attentive to our tables needs.
On the plus side, they do have a gluten free menu.

I was looking for a patio for lunch this place came through.
Food was good and drinks were good.
Nothing amazing but a very safe bet.

I love Islands.
I wish they had more locations in Northern CA.
I always get the hulu burger.
Neat that the burgers now come with fries.
That wasn't how it was back in the day!

I went back here a few days ago and the service has improved greatly!
The food was terrific as usual!

This was my first time at Islands - the food was really good, I ordered their current promotion Heat burger.
It was awesome!!!
It was spicy but not the point where you can't handle it.
(I'm Latin) The meat was very good quality and the bread was very soft.
Over all it tasted like a home made burger and not fast food quality.
The fries were awesome too, they were very soft and had a very good flavor.
I will be going back despite the fact that the waitress was not very friendly.
She didn't smile not even ONCE.
The hostess was very nice though :)

