When my dog was about 5 months old, I needed a place to board him for a week while I visited a friend in Seattle.
Ruffin' It Resort was recommended to me by my vet (Lakeview) and based on its website, it seemed like a doggie palace -- a swank, overpriced place for neurotic dog parents to bring their pampered fur-kids.
In other words, exactly what I was looking for.
I chose to put my dog, Lenny, in the "Presidential Suite.
"  At the time, this meant that Lenny would be living in the manager's office and have her companionship all day long.
Because he was so young, and because he's always been the kind of dog who craves human attention, I figured this would be ideal.
The price also included a couple of hours each day in a play group with other dogs.
At first, the staff seemed genuinely concerned with getting to know Lenny and accommodating his individual needs during his stay.
I filled out forms about his habits and personality.
All the staff that I spoke to were very reassuring, as I'm sure they're trained to be, and as the day of my trip approached, I felt confident that they were going to follow through with these reassurances.
I couldn't have been more wrong.
Because Lenny was experiencing some gastrointestinal issues at the time, I gave the Ruffin' It staff members specific, written instructions about his food.
He was to be given a bland diet and NO TREATS.
Furthermore, because Lenny is a bit skittish around other dogs and much prefers human attention, the Ruffin' It staff and I agreed that he would have one trial daycare period and then determine whether he was too afraid to continue.
Both of these thing are important to note in understanding why Ruffin' It only deserves two stars at best.
The day after I dropped him off, I called Ruffin' It to check in, and was told that he had indeed acted scared in the play group.
I asked them to cease bringing him to the play group and to substitute extra human playtime instead.
I was told this was fine.
However, the following day, I called back to check in and was told that Lenny was currently in a doggie play group!
I told the staff member that I had instructed them yesterday to CEASE bringing him to those play groups, and was told that he had been brought to the group mistakenly and it wouldn't happen again.
At this point, I started to get really nervous, but resolved to let it go and enjoy my vacation.
A couple of days later, Ruffin' It called me to say that Lenny had developed a hot spot (an open lesion that is caused by the dog scratching, licking and otherwise irritating an area of its skin until that area is raw and weeping).
What causes them?
Could be allergies (to food or the environment), could be STRESS.
I'll leave it to you, the reader, to determine which of these caused Lenny's hot spot.
I should mention that Lenny had never had a hot spot before, nor has he had one since.
The Ruffin' It staff member told me that my vet couldn't fit Lenny in, so he was brought to their vet (adjacent to the resort), who couldn't determine the cause of the hot spot, but prescribed antibiotics and an Elizabethan collar to keep him from continuing to chew it.
At this point, between the play group incident and the fact that my puppy was clearly very unhappy, I'd had enough.
I managed to convince a friend to go to Ruffin' It to pick Lenny up so that he wouldn't have to be in that stressful environment any longer.
Here's the kicker: when my friend arrived at Ruffin' It, he tells me he found Lenny cowering under a bench in the manager's office.
The manager then tried to lure him out with a treat, saying, "Oh, these are his favorite.
"  As you'll remember, I specifically instructed them IN WRITING to withhold all treats.
Clearly, they had disregarded these instructions, just as they had disregarded my instructions to stop bringing him to the play groups.
To top it all off, Ruffin' It had the GALL to try to charge me for the remainder of his stay even though he was picked up four days early by my friend.
True, their policy does clearly state that once the stay has been booked, you're responsible for paying the full price if you don't cancel within a particular time period, but don't you think that policy should be contingent on their actually doing their jobs and taking care of my dog per my instructions?
To their credit, after I pointed this out to them, they decided not to charge me.
Please take this review with a grain of salt.
I understand that my dog is needier than most, and that I am more nervous than most.
But that's exactly the point of a place like Ruffin' It: for spoiled dogs to get spoiled while their owners are away.
Overall, I'd say if your dog loves other dogs and has an iron stomach, Ruffin' It is fine.
But don't expect them to respect specific needs.

When our "baby' was just a few months old we had to go out of town unexpectedly.
I called Ruffin' It and they didn't have any rooms available.
I explained the situation and they asked us to come in.
They kept her in the managers office so she was with someone 24/7.
She absolutely loved it.
I loved the report cards telling us what she did and the pictures of her getting lots of love.
She had so much fun.
We are going out of ton for a week and are completely confident in leaving her with them for a week this time.
I HIGHLY recommend them to anyone.

The first time we boarded our dog, we brought her here.
We did a visit, a sample day visit, and the staff was all very considerate and excited about her being there.
We brought her for an overnight stay, and left specific instructions on her diet, her treats (and brought her food and treats for her) and paid for her to be in day care (out playing with other dogs instead of locked up.
) We did everything we could to make it clear to the staff that this was her first time being boarded, and that she was a cuddle butt and would need to be with people and dogs.
When we picked her up, instead of being out in daycare playing, she was in the back in a kennel.
When we asked why, they said since she was overnight shed gotten put back in her kennel (even though she wasn't spending the night that night.
) We got no report card, no photo, and were charged way more than we'd expected and been quoted (over $100 for an overnight stay with 2 days of daycare).
The teenaged girls at the desk were unable to explain it to us, and didn't really seem to care to.
Once we got home, though, I was unpacking her bag and found all of her food and treats in the bags I had sent them in.
My husband called and asked them if that meant she'd been given the wrong food (that would consequently make her stomach upset) or if she hadn't been fed at all.
They told us that someone had called in to work that day, so in the shuffle, she hadn't been fed.
Her first time being boarded, she was kept in a kennel, not played with, and not even fed.
They refunded all of our money, and gave us a gift card, and a letter saying how sorry they were.
As a business, they did everything they could do to make it right, but as a place to care for my dog, they did everything wrong.
She's totally antisocial now, and we haven't boarded her since.
After thus experience, we're too scared and not willing to put her through that again.

Although it is one of the higher priced pet boarding places in the area, I truly think it is worth what you pay for.
Our pup always has SO much fun while she is there and comes back home exhausted after a long weekend.
The staff are all very friendly and seem to really enjoy working there.
Added bonus:  They have cameras that you can access through their website to see the dogs playing during the day!
This is the only place I trust that my dog will be happy and stay healthy when we have to be out of town without her.

After almost a year of weekly/bi-weekly daycare days, my yellow lab cannot get enough of this place!
The staff is wonderful.
I receive report cards, updates on any problems/injuries that might've occurred, and reminders for vet checks/fecals/etc.
(which makes me feel very safe regarding the health of all four-legged guests).
The playrooms both indoor and out are clean, comfortable, and I can honestly say that when viewing the webcams from work, I get jealous.
For the services offered (run time, pool time, optional grooming, etc.
), the prices are worth it.
My dog is my big baby, and I feel more than comfortable knowing she's there.
She loves it!
The only downside for me personally is the 48 hour cancellation requirement.
It used to be 24 hours, but recently changed.
I completely understand needing to fill the spots, but for summer time when many of us take last minute trips with the pups, it's a little tough to plan days ahead.
But still, in my book, worth it.

Previous review was filtered, but I encourage people to read it (scroll to bottom of page).
For some reason, recent positive reviews all appear filtered.
I absolutely love Ruffin' It Resort, and my lab loves it more.
The quality of care she gets at her bi-weekly daycare visits is always outstanding.
She plays hard, so a few bumps and scrapes here and there, but never anything serious.
The dogs always look happy and the staff has been wonderful.
Anyone in the area in need of daycare visits should definitely take the tour.

We have taken our chocolate Labs to Ruffin It Resort for the past six years.
Before our current dogs, we took our elderly Black Lab to Ruffin It.
It is, without question, the premier boarding facility in Madison.
Our dogs run into Ruffin It Resort when we arrive.
We have boarded them for up to two weeks at a time, and without exception they come home and settle back into their normal routine without missing a beat.
The staff at Ruffin It Resort is exceptional.
Renee (the owner) is a very caring person who takes the responsibility of caring for our dogs very seriously.
I recommend Ruffin It Resort without reservation.

My dog and I are new to town.
I had to travel for business and needed a place to board my 15 lb poodle mix.
I was excited about Ruffin' It based on their brochure.
I was still a little nervous about dropping my dog off in a new place.
She stayed four nights.
when I brought her home, I immediately noticed  two large scabs on her breastbone.
I was horrified going through the scenarios in my head of how they got there.
The marks are most likely bite marks from another dog.
I called Ruffin It back and left a voicemail asking what might have caused this injury.
Four hours later I received a return voicemail from a manager.
They obviously had no clue how the injuries were caused.
I know stuff happens like this when dogs are around each other.
I just can't believe no one on the staff knows what happened to my dog under their care.
When it happened, there was probably a lot of noise and, judging by the scabs, there had to be bleeding.it probably happened during the two hours of day care she had each day.
I used to take my dog to PetSmart for daycare in another state twice a week.
Nothing like this ever happened.
The staff was very diligent about watching for this kind of thing and if something happened, I'm pretty sure I would have received a report.
I paid extra for my dog to be well taken care if during her first saty in a new place.
This is not the first experience I was hoping for.
I don't plan to return to Ruffin It.

After having a last minute trip come up I decided to visit the Ruffin it resort to see if I could board my small dog for the 5 days I was away.
I asked about the availability of the bungalow 'room' but they were full so it would have to be the next grade up at $5 a night more.
I thought this was fine until I viewed the rooms and the only difference was that it had access to a patio, which would be sealed off due to the cold weather.
Turns out that means there is no difference in the rooms at all.
Due to lack of other options, I booked my dog in.
When I booked her in I paid the $14 charge for 3 check in emails.
For somewhere that claims to treat your animal like their own, it surprised me as most boarding places that I have been to, tend to just send pics without a fee to put the owners mind at ease anyway.
The check ins that I got were ridiculous.
What I expected as a concerned pet owner was a rundown of what my dog has been doing, has she been eating properly, going to the bathroom regularly, playing with other dogs well etc.
What it turned out to be was a careless, blurry photo with an email written from the perspective of my dog that sounded like an advert for the resort.
e.g.
'I miss you so much but I'm having a fabulous time at the Ruffin It resort, It feels like a home away from home.
I love my spacious rooms and all of the staff are so wonderful, I'm so glad you booked me in here.
' Really??
That's what I get for $14.
Such a joke.
When I picked her up I was happy that she was in one piece however she had a scrap of fabric tied around her neck as a cute gimmick whilst her harness was on the wrong way so it was far too tight, her flesh was bulging around it and she looked very uncomfortable - they also had not attached the leash properly even though I'd told them she was a bolting risk so checking that kind of thing is essential.
Overall - far too many gimmicks and not enough care.
They also charged me much more than their online pricing.

