You were open...one day you were closed.
Two years later I drive past you and see a line.
In vain I thought it was for people heading to Red Robin, PF Chang's or BJ's next to you.
But no, I saw your HOT FRESH DONUTS lights, calling to me from 2 lanes over in traffic.
I decided to drive like a typical Arizona driver -- I cut people off and swerved into the parking log, taking the first spot I could find.
I had to move.
It was a handicap spot.
I was sorely tempted to get out and limp...
I'm glad I didn't go through the drive thru -- what a line!
But inside...what a line!
It seems people can't get enough of the goodness within and who can blame them?
They don't have apple fritters.
BOO!
The one in Mountain View did.
I got their original glaze.
There was quite a line so I had to stand there and watch as the donuts came out of the oil, flipped over and then went through the sugar bath waterfall...very mesmerizing.
I'm so embarrassed.
I'm sure the last thing people wanted to see was me shoving a hot donut in my mouth as they were waiting for my parking spot.
I licked my fingers with relish and enjoyed every bite of yummy, warm, sugary goodness bite.
I'm happy to see Krispy Kreme back...so happy that I live far away from it.
It was a bit of a drive, but well worth it!

Krispy Kreme, I was so upset, yet relieved, when you closed all your stores.
My self control had one less thing to challenge it, and my stomach had one less foe to battle.
Now you're reopened within 5 miles of my house.
This is a low blow.
Krispy Kreme donuts are good, but the hot, fresh things are like liquid evil... sweet, tasty evil.
So I'm really glad you're back, even if I'm mad about it.

Why don't local family bakeries exist anymore?
It makes me sad, because if you've been to one, then you would know what a good donut and roll tastes like.
Is a Krispy Kreme terrible?
No, but if I'm going to eat something that weighs 2 ounces and has 20 grams of fat then it better be mind-numbingly good.
A Krispy Kreme donut is not.
On the other hand, every once in awhile you need a donut, and I don't have an alternative place for you to go.
Have you ever been to bar and there was one decent looking girl and every guy was hitting on her like she was Giselle Bundchen?
That's Krispy Kreme.

I'm a sucker for baked goods, and krispy kreme definitely falls in that category.
While one glorious donut has somewhere along the lines of 3,000 calories and 49 grams of fat (exaggerating, I know), it goes down like a slice of heaven.
Also, on the plus side, the employees are amazing.
I stopped in one morning on my way to work (dressed in my scrubs) and the employee gave me two free dozens to take to the hospital becuase it was nearby and said thanks for all we do.
She had me at hello...

I live a 30 minute drive away, but I would gladly make the journey any day of the week!
Walking inside this Krispy Kreme was like taking a step back in time!
You actually get to watch the donuts being made through a glass partition!
So cool!
Then you come around the corner and see the menu and the seating.
It's just like a mid-20th century diner!
There are paper hats stacked everywhere, free for the taking.
I wore mine home proudly!
The kids seemed to love them too.
On the menu, I first noticed that coffee is only 25 cents!
WHOA!
The donuts cost about the same as competing donut chains, but they're so good, there's no contest!
When I ordered my dozen, I made sure to try an abundant variety.
I also made sure half were glazed.
Mmm!
The glazed ones... well, my God!
The cashier actually turned around and plucked them right off the conveyer belt of fresh donuts!
Coming here was such a nice experience!
I would definitely recommend it, especially coming inside to check it out.
And make sure you grab a hat on your way out the door.

I know I know, Donuts are bad for you, but we went out when we saw the hot and ready - and those are the best ones to get.
They melt in your mouth and are so good.
I agree that I have had better Donuts, but when it comes to right off the press melt in your mouth I don't think anything beats a Krispy Kreme.
Kids love watching them be glazed, get a free hat and just kick back and have some family time.

Let's face it, you probably know already whether you're going to like these donuts or not (screw you, health nuts!).
The best part about this place is that the donuts are fresh!
I remember hearing this is the only place in Phoenix that actually makes them.

I purchased the 365 card back in May.
$20 to get a free doughnut every day for a year, what a deal!
Today there was a sign saying that new management was taking over and they would no longer be accepting the 365 card effective October 1st.
Boo!
Not honoring your contract means you lose my business.

I have to say I was impressed with this location.
It was clean, busy, and staff seemed friendly.
My only peeve was that we waited in line because they only had one register.
I think they should have opened another so we didn't have to wait to pay.
They had the staff to do so.

I hate donuts, but I love Krispy Kreme.
This is the only place I will eat donuts.
When we lived in PHX we were thrilled with this location...then it closed and reopened.
Staff is nice and they have some unique options not found at all locations.
When we are in PHX we definately stop by.

The light beckons to me, taunting me from afar...Charity, come to me, eat me, drool over me, aaaaauuugggghhllll (gurgling & doing my best Homer Simpson impression) Donuts!!!

This location is really nice.
Spacious, clean, friendly, etc.
The donuts are just like any other kripsy kreme.
They are small, dense, doused in glaze.
A guilty treat but honestly not the best donuts.
If you haven't had them before, you might try it just to see the hype but fresh hand made donuts from mom and pop shops are waaaaaaay better.

Trilled to live as close as we do to this location!!
I grew up on Krispy Kreme donuts having been raised in the south.
This location is super clean, employees are highly efficient & friendly and the service is SUPER QUICK considering how LONG their lines get at times.

THE BEST DONUTS EVER!!!!
Krispy Kreme is the best!!
I love it there!!
Its clean and the service is great!
One of the things I hate (LOVE) about it is that you can watch the donuts coming out of the oven or whatever it's called and smell it!!!
Awww just writing this makes my mouth water!!
Go there!!!
I definitely recommend Krispy Kreme from any other donuts in Arizona or anywhere.

We made a midnight doughnut run last night.
Oh how good they are.
Worth the 44 mile round-trip.

Donuts do not exist outside of Krispy Kreme, I truly believe that.
This location is the best of what this company has to offer as the donuts are made on location and it has a 24 hour drive thru.
So while many Americans run on that inferior brand of "O" shaped baked goods, those coming to the Superstition Krispy Kreme get to enjoy the pinnacle of donut artistry.

I never ate Krispy Kremes because all the Krispy Kremes I have seen have ONLY been Glazed.
I thought thats all they had,lol Mybrother came to visit and we stopped by one, Holy Smokes!
I Love these Donuts!
I like the Red Velvet one and there was a bunch of other choclate ones I really liked.
I was impressed, plus if you go in and buy Donuts, they give you a free hat!

I'm not usually a fan of glazed donuts because they are just too sweet for me.
Except for Krispy Kreme!
I only go when they have their "hot" light turned on to get the fresh donuts off the line that are still melt in your mouth warm.
Few things on this Earth are better their fresh glazed donuts.
It's also fun to stand at the window into the kitchen and watch how the donuts get made.

I like a Krispy Kreme every once in a while, who doesn't.........

We went to this Krispy Kreme today, to participate in their donuts for good grades program.
They give school kids one donut per A in each major subject, like English, Math, etc., up to 6 donuts per child.
My younger daughter doesn't get letter grades yet, but the "Meets/Exceeds standards" counted.
Each of my girls got their 6 donuts, and I was about to purchase a single donut for my younger son, who didn't have a report card yet.
The woman behind the counter was very generous and gave my son a donut of his choosing for free, so that he wasn't left out.
It was very, very nice of her, and much appreciated.
My son felt very special, and was included in the fun that his sisters were having.
I would have paid for it, but the woman behind the counter wouldn't take my money.
I was impressed.
This location is very clean.
There were no dirty tables, the glass door had no fingerprints.
There were plenty of the fun paper hats for the kids to choose from.
They didn't have a water fountain, but they had a Carafe of water for those who wanted it.
That was nice too.
While the hot and ready light wasn't on at this visit, we always love to watch the donuts come down the conveyer and go for a swim in the glaze when we can.
The kids enjoy that.
AND the fresh from the glaze donuts are AMAZING!

I still think Krispy Kreme has the best donuts in this world.
No matter what diet I'm on., what health kick I'm on, anything I will always fall for one of these donuts, always.
The price is just way too much for deep fried dough.
But some how I find myself still paying it.....
I can't figure out how it happens!

So excited to have a location 10 min from our house!
The young teens at the drivethru  window were very friendly.
These doughnuts were as yummy as ever!!
Especially if you go during a HOT time..
Hot glazed doughnuts beween 6am-9am and 6pm-10pm!

What a joke!
It's 4:30 AM and I went through the drive-through at Krispy Kreme's because it's the only thing open.
Being that it is 4:30 AM I am in serious need of coffee right now.
So I go through the drive-through and I pull up to the menu.
There is a paper sign taped to the menu stating that because of machinery malfunction they can only serve glazed doughnuts.
Fine.
That's usually what I get anyway but lame for anyone who wants something different.
Then when I put my order in for a large latte I am told that they cannot make any lattes because their machine is down.
Okay, very inconvenient.
I asked if they could make any iced coffee drinks at the moment.
She said they don't have coffee right now it'll be seven minutes.
Absolutely unacceptable!
I drove off and found a QT.

If you go inside you will be met with a pretty neat experience,  especially for kids.
You can view the conveyer belt system that processes the original glazed donuts.
My toddler and teenager always enjoy checking it out.
To add to the fun, the store is bright and the display of donuts leaves you wanting to try every one.
My kids also look forward to getting a Kirspy Kreme hat and enjoying their donut and a cool glass of milk.
It's an Instagramable experience!
;)  The drive thru is frequently backed up.
You can expect above average wait times typically during their busy time, which is, of course, the morning hours.
The original donuts are always fresh and delicious.
If you order any other type of donut it's a crap shoot on quality/freshness.
I would not recommend their coffee (it's really bitter and the specialty coffee is awful), you're better off with Dunkin Donuts for that.
Staff/customer service is hit and miss I would say average.
Bottom Line: hit this place up and dine inside if you're in the mood for original glazed donuts and grab your coffee somewhere else.

