My husband urged me to check out Azure Reflexology Massage because they had a huge banner outside that advertised a one-hour massage for only $25.
I wandered in this afternoon to ask a few questions and wound up staying for a massage - who knew?
When I walked into the building, the reception area was small but peaceful.
A young woman sat at a desk and greeted me.
She explained a bit about the type of massage they offer, and after fielding a few questions from me, she got me in for my massage within a few minutes.
Reflexology is an ancient healing art based on the principles that there are reflexes in the hands and feet that correspond to every part, organ and gland in the body.
I had never had a reflexology massage before this.
I walked through the curtain to a large, open room.
It was dimly lit with dark wood floors, olive green walls and ceiling, and soothing music played softly.
There were twelve chairs in the room - large, leather reclining chairs.
I was brought to one.
My therapist didn't speak to me except to say, at different points, "here," "very skinny," and "you play yoga?
"  When I sat down, I took off my shoes and socks and put my feet into a tub of warm herbal water.
He reclined my chair and placed a blanket over my body.
As my feet soaked, he began massaging my arms starting at my shoulder and working down to my fingertips.
After my arms, he massaged my entire head and neck.
When I say head, I mean my entire head - temples, forehead, jaw, ears.
No one has ever massaged my ears before!
Next, my feet.
He dried off my feet and, using creme, spent a good 20 minutes massaging my feet and legs.
My legs and feet were scrubbed with wet, warm towels and then dried.
Time to flip over.
The chair had a place for my face to rest so he could work on my back.
The trigger-point therapy he did on my shoulder blades was fabulous and much needed.
Pros 1.
I didn't have to remove my clothing 2.
It was only $25 for an hour (a full hour) 3.
I felt great afterwards 4.
They have 6 therapists now, so you can literally book all 6 at once and go with 5 of your friends  Cons 1.
No one ever asked me about my personal history (aches and pains, etc) 2.
Occasionally my therapist chatted with another therapist in another language, which was sort of disruptive.
You're in a big room with other peopl getting massages, so you can hear other people getting popped and slapped, etc.
(that sounds worse than it is ....)  When all is said and done, I recommend  Azure Reflexology and Massage, but just know it's not a traditional "massage," that you would receive at a place like Massage Envy.
Just be sure to wear comfortable clothing and be prepared to bend!

If you're looking for something a little bit different than the average (expensive) Massage Envy massage then this place is for you!
I was hooked by the $25 price and after reading Jennifer's review was very intrigued.
I was very surprised.
Unlike other massages I've had in the past where I came out worse then before, I felt completely relaxed.
Jack worked on me and he did a great job!
It was kind of nice being in a room with several other people.
It didn't feel as awkward as the sterile, small rooms.
It was dark, calming and relaxing with just a bit of chatter from the people working there.
I didn't mind the occasional talking because I've lived in Asia and been the person speaking a language no one else knew.
As for the massage, heaven!
I love the fact it was full body, but I still had all my clothes on.
You do end up doing a few yoga moves like pushing your legs to your chest if they figure you can do it, but they didn't do it to the woman next to me so they seem pretty good at figuring out how flexible you are.
I would not recommend this place for people with certain illnesses or issues with back or neck problems since they do quite a vigorous massage.
For this stressed out teacher, however, it was perfect.
Grab a group of your friends or your significant other and enjoy an inexpensive, but fabulous massage!

Thank you to Jennifer and Rachel.
I read your review and so curious to find out the offer over Azure Reflexology Massage in Goodyear.
I had the problem with my arthritis in my arm and fingers, after the 1 hour session, my fingers are able to move freely.
I am graceful.
I am happy to see they are doing very well and serving this area.
From now on I will drive for 30 minutes to see them every 2 weeks.
I am so thrill about this place, and did some research reading and they said reflexology helps infertility.
I have heard of many women in Europe having excellent results in conceiving using reflexology.
I would take my boss, my friends and anyone i know to this place to enjoy the excellent massage with the cheapest price in town.

I am very happy with Azure Reflexology offered for the less expensive massage with full 60 minutes, not like massage envy for 45 minutes ( they really spent 5 minutes just talk to you and prep).
I was the member for massage envy for one year.
I was stuck with the contract for 1 year with auto withdrawing my money.
I vowed not to come back there because I want to choose when to have my massage without obligate to any contract.
What Azure offered is my freedom of choice.
Best of all, my migraine was gone every time when I visited Azure and felt my blood circulate more.
With massage envy, I was felt tired after the massage.
At the massage envy in Goodyear, I tried almost all of their therapists such as April, Chris, Liz..., and they were all so-so with weak hands and almost no technique.
I recommend Loui or Jack at Azure Reflexology who have excellent technique and could resolve any migraine.
My wife and I could have our opportunity to enjoy the massage chair by chair together at Azure.
The better massage with less money will win me in this economy and in all time.

I had another great experience at Azure Reflexology Massage today.
I was so relaxed, I would have loved to stay in the dark, peaceful room and sleep for a bit afterwards!!
I had the exact same treatment/protocol from my last visit ...
I love that I feel limber and relaxed afterwards and not "beaten up.

Paid $37 for an hour and a half.
I was in shear heaven the whole time...you gotta try it.

After reading the Yelp reviews I was excited and a little nervous about trying Azure for the first time.
It is really only $25 for an hour and that seems so cheap you wonder what kind of experience you are actually going to have.
While there are not individual massage rooms, there are bamboo partitions that create a private space.
It pretty much goes as others have described with you feet soaking in warm water etc.
Since it was so quiet there was no talking between me and the lady giving the massage Ann so if you want to communicate about the pressue etc I would do it before they take you back.
You may want to do this especially if you are worried about pressure etc.
The hour was over way to fast and I think the next time I go I will be adding additional time.
I was very relaxed when I left and honestly could have just taken a nap.
I agree that for the price this is the best thing out there and I will definitely be back.

Low cost, professional, head, back and reflexology foot massage.
First, $25 seems way too cheap.
That was a concern except for my wife's endorsement.
Post massage, I would have paid $75 for the hour without complaining.
A serious tip is in order at Azure.
The massage was through and professional.
I don't prefer a male masseuse but this one did a great job.
About half the time was spent on my feet which needed some help.
Just finished an unexpected 16 hour shift.
He found every sore muscle in my back and shoulders.
I will probably return, but have to wait until the bruises heal.
It was a through therapeutic massage.
I also prefer to not get undressed so usually get a chair back and shoulder massage.
It is a plus that you only have to remove your shoes here.
They cover you with blankets to keep you warm although that is not much of a problem in Arizona even in the spring.
The single large room is divided with wood lattice and paper partitions.
Other comments about language issues are probably correct.
No one spoke a word in the entire room during the hour I was there.
So, language or accents are not a functional problem.
The reception person speaks great english.
So, the price is an unexpected bonus for a well done head, back and legs massage with a lot of time spent on pressure point reflexology foot massage.

I absolutely love this place.
I was referred by my aunt who has a tendency to over exaggerate.
So after a year of listening to her go on and on about this place I finally went.
Boy do I regret not going sooner.
The price is way under priced for the quality of work they do.
(Not complaining at all I just leave a bigger tip).
They literally massage you from head to toe, find sore spots and it is truly relaxing and I do not ache the next day.
I tried the 2 hr massage and it was honestly too long of a massage, never thought I'd say that but for me the 90 min massage was a prefect.
The only down side is that you can hear other people getting dressed and the door opening.
Well worth it though cause there are too many positives to list.

This is the first time I have written a review on Yelp!
It is well deserved.
I was told about Azure through a lady on my golf league, who recommended I try the reflexology over just your run of the mill massage.
I was experiencing neck pain and a headache that goes with it, for two days.
I treated myself to the 1.5 hr treatment, because I could not believe how reasonable the prices were!
I am a flight attendant and have had hundreds of massages all over the world, AMAZING!
This is not a fluffy massage in that they rub yummy smelly oil over you with candles in the background and crashing waves  playing on the CD player.
These therapists know there pressure points.
I drank about 3 water bottles before bed, and had the best sleep in a very long time!

Had an appt.
here for over a month for a 90 minute massage.
I arrived 15 minutes early only to be told that the system crashed and they had been taking walk-ins so there was no room for me at the time.
I was offered a massage at a later time in the afternoon which i had to decline because i was getting on a plane.
I was offered no appt.
beyond that or even a compensation for the massage i couldn't get.
All i was told repeatedly was...'sorry complications made it too hard to keep track of everyones appt'.
On a saturday morning this massage place is always booked up (which is why i made my appt.
a month in advance) so they should not have been taking any walk-ins at all.
I left saying i would not be returning and once again all i got in response was 'sorry about the complication'.
I was referred here by someone who is a regular who also was not able to get a massage today.
She will also not be returning.
Terrible customer service.

How disappointing!!
My sister has gone here regularly for quite some time.
My other sister and I came from MN to visit and were surprised this morning to find out we were all getting massages until we actually arrived and were told "sorry.. due to complications and computer crashes they lost all appts and chose to take walk ins however if we come back in a few hrs we can get in" Ya right!
We fly out in 3 hrs so that's not happening.
On top of which we weren't even offered a discount to come back.
I am sorry to tell u Azure but my sister is a very busy lawyer w many clients she USED to refer here and will not only stop referring but she also will be letting those she has referred know what a let down this place is.
Back to MN unmassaged.

