When I first saw a drive-through Starbucks...I was ecstatic.
I think there is only one drive-through in Cali which I heard was in Livermore (which was very far from where I used to live so I never even knew) It sure made it very convenient esp for those with kids or if it's too hot to get out or if the weather is sucky...drive-through is the way to go.
But I have been very disappointed lately with the service at Starbucks.
Maybe because there are new people there or they are just too wired to actually pay attention to my order to get it right.
I will go to Starbucks in the am and order the same thing.
50% of the time they will get it right.
How hard is it to make a VENTI ICED AMERICANO WITH AN ADD SHOT, TOFFEE NUT SYRUP AND CREAM.
One time they used hazelnut...i know my syrups!!!..
One time it was too sweet One time they gave me someone else's drink One time it was almost like a latte - all milk One time I actually had to go back and got the right one.
I love Starbucks...but come on now....aren't all the drinks supposed to be uniform according to how it is ordered????
My drink is simple....I don't want to have to accuse of someone slippin some kahlua in the baristas drinks before shift!!

OVERPRICED!!!
What a rip off!
Regular coffee in a very well marketed logo cup.
That is what Starbucks coffee is all about.
Take a way the brand name and you might as well drink Sanka.
What the hell is the deal with the tip cube????
You want your employees to make more money.
Then raise your prices because I am not tipping someone just for selling me coffee.
Make your own cup of coffee at home or go to a gas station.
Not worth the $$$$$$

The crew is the best!
As soon as I walk in someone is already making my drink!
Thank you guys for getting my day started right!

I love Starbucks!!!!
U can never go wrong with a good Starbucks coffee in the morning to start your day.

I'm able to get a venti iced coffee with milk or green tea (unsweetened) for under $3 in this hot ass day.
Free iced water too.
Minus one star for long lines in the drive-thru.
#winning

Always friendly and quick.
I'm in and out within minutes no matter how crowded or time of day.
They help find me vegan options and are always willing to alter my drinks.
Whoo!

The staff is very nice

Coffee always taste burned.......   Staff are really good and service is spot on every time!
They want you to leave happy and I like that in customer service!

Friendly staff, great coffee...
The only drawback is even when it is slow there is always a wait for coffee.
Other than that if you have a couple extra minutes stop in for a great cup of coffee of three...

Typical Starbucks, even without a line it took a long time to get your coffee but then again I think there was a line around the building in the drive through.

The most convenient Starbucks, but unfortunately, management needs to spend more time with their employees.
Got my name name wrong after spelling out (MARTIN is not a difficult name to spell), asked for several pastries and got served one, and apparently a caramel macchiato doesn't have caramel at this location.
On a positive note, I got a beautiful smile from one of the beautiful girls working there, which is the reason for the one star.

This is the closest location to my place so I go here often.
Staff's normally pleasant.
I've only gone inside once and they were pretty rude, so it's the drive thru for me now.
Not much of a long wait.
I'm weird so even during the summer I drink hot coffee.
Never a problem there.
I tried the treat receipt or whatever it is called and ordered a cold beverage (passion something?
)  it was really watered down.
Not refreshing at all.
I'll stick with my white chocolate mocha, at least they know how to make that right.

I go to Starbucks all over and this one is super slow and super rude.
This is def the worst starbucks in town!!!
Avoid it like the plague!!

Always a different experience I guess it just depends on whose working.
Thank goodness for drive through Starbucks!

As a former Sbux barista, I know the job can be taxing especially when it's busy so I usually cut baristas some slack.
That being said, this is the WORST sbux location I have EVER been too.
Painfully slow, not friendly, lack of menu knowledge, forgetful...I could literally go on and on.
You can tell the employees are not happy especially since this location has one of the highest turnover rates in the city!
There is someone new there almost every week and there are always grossly undertrained.
I know it's great to treat your regulars like family but if you are not one of the four men that go there every single day and sit there for hours, these baristas do not car about you.
This location is walking distance from my home so I go there out of convenience (and fairly often I hate to admit) I order regular coffee and not one of them remembers my name or my drink.
Just a bad experience overall every time I go there.
I'm going to start driving the 10/15 minutes out my way just to go somewhere else.

This is the only Starbucks in my neighborhood so I go here by default.
Friendly enough staff but they are consistently sooooo slow :(

one of the good Starbucks in this area, good service, quick, if you don't feel like going inside, there's always the drive thru

I usually come here every morning on my way to work.
The staff is friendly and when I go into the store it's always clean.
The drive thru is 80% of the time very slow.
I've waited 15 minutes for coffee stuck in the drive thru with a moderate/shorter line.
I don't know what they do behind the scenes after you order, but they need to pick up the pace.

I like the new decor and set up, except it will get too crowded with their center display by the register.
I purchased my typical hot caramel macchiatto with non fat milk.
They did add more tables but removed the comfy chairs.

This frappuccino happy hour thing is lame.
Get fat, and develop diabetes, between 3-5pm for half price!!

I was there twice in the last three days.
Encountered I think their manager who was frantically running around the place.
I waited over 10 minutes for a simple ice tea.
When I questioned that my drink was late and might have been forgotten she said, we're busy.
Welcome to Starbucks!
In an exasperated tone I would not drive out of my way for that experience again.

If you have to be somewhere this is one of the slowest drive thru lines ever , even the wait inside is pretty long .

I enjoy coming to this Starbucks and never have had a real bad experience.
I look forward to the greets & small talk of a retired group of biker men, who hang out every day for their morning cup of Joe.
The staff is friendly, they pretty know my usual drinks of choice, and most of them know my name.
My only main complaint is why bother having 2 cash registers if your only going to use one!!!!
Even when the line is long...there is only one cashier taking and ringing up orders!!!
Please have a 2nd cashier!!
!It would make the line go so much faster!!!
This is why I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars!!

Apparently you cannot order the traveler through the drive-through even though it does not state that anywhere on the menu and if you go inside to order the traveler the clerks get upset and sigh as though your an inconvenience to them.
No customer service.

I come to this Starbucks every day, thru the drive thru.
And everyday they can never hear me, so I'm always repeating at least twice.
I order the same drink every day, 8 times out 10, it tastes different.
Same drink just something is always off day after day.
So frustrating.
The other HUGE deal, the drive thru is a ridiculous wait!
Whether it be 3 cars or 10, give yourself at least 10 min to get thru the line, at least!
Up here in southern Highlands there isn't a lot to choose from, with anything but I can guarantee if there was a coffee bean next store, I'd be there!

If I could give NEGATIVE stars I would.
I moved to this area over 5 years ago and this Starbucks has gone from awesome to dismal!
Five years ago, their drive through was on point.
The wait was no longer than five minutes - now the wait is upwards of fifteen to twenty minutes!
Really?!?!
Most people have places to go and if they want their coffee treat, they, like me, leave ten to fifteen minutes earlier so they can get their treat.
This Starbucks will make you late EVERY SINGLE TIME!
Then you add the people.
Five years ago, the staff was awesome!
They knew who I was, knew what I wanted and was very friendly.
This new staff leaves a lot to be desired.
They are rude and borderline mean.
They screw up my order every time.
Just last night I ordered a TRENTA iced tea and the barista said I ordered a VENTI.
I think I know what I ordered as this is the SAME drink I order EVERY SINGLE DAY!!!!
Fix your damn ordering system or have the baristas clean their ears!!
And lastly, don't bother going there if they are near closing.
They are so rude during that time that they will not cater to their customers.
Tried to order a pastry and got told "we've already dumped our pastries for the night" - really?!?!
I thought you cleaned up AFTER you closed the store??
Ridiculous!
Basically if you can, go to another Starbucks and don't bother with this place until they get their act together!

