WOW is all I can use to describe the Fajita Burrito at this place.
Also I really enjoyed the Shrimp Mango quesadilla - it was a burst of fresh in my mouth and I would suggest it to anyone (even if you are scared of seafood).
I will continue to go back to this place over and over again.
I have not been a huge fan of their service.
At times slow, but the food is worth it for me!

The last couple of times I have been back the service has been top notch!
They must have read my Yelp Review!!!
LOL

Because we love Mexican food and there aren't many sit down offerings in the Queen Creek area, we thought we would try Cravings.
The place was packed, but looking around, found nobody who would know good Mexican food (if you know what Im saying).
The decor is really pretty, but the food and even the ice tea were hardly edible.
No one at our table finished the food and we had no intention of requesting to-go boxes.
If you want really good Mexican in Queen Creek, head S to Don Pedro's on Hunt Hwy!

I love Cravings.
I don't like mexican food normally but this is one of the two mexican resturants that I actually like eating at.
The Chimichangas with the cheese sauce is amazing.
The chicken is fresh and tasty.
The chips and salsa rock and I can eat them by the fist full.
This place craps on Seranos FYI.

really good food and a nice relaxing atmosphere!

They have food thats to die for!!!
The service is pretty good and some people there are bilingual...(That helps!!
) Seranos is close by, but it will never be as good as Cravings' food...Let me tell you that now!
If you are a first timer I reccomend the Chicken Mango Quesadilla...if you are not a meat fan try their Taco salads..!

These guys closed their doors on this location and for doing so I give them a ONE STAR ...

First of all, I first discovered Gecko Grill at the location on Gilbert Rd, which IMO is much better.
The food is generally better prepared and the staff is much much better.
For this location though, the thing that gives them a leg up on the other is that they sell the Tri-tip as an appetizer or as an entree.
The Gilbert location doesn't sell it at all.
If nothing else, this one menu item would get me going back over and over again.
It is AMAZING!
The other thing I love about Gecko is their chips and salsa.
Their bean dip and green salsa are fabulous (although they charge you for more beans if you want them and the first helping is very small).
I highly recommend the tacos with mango salsa in them (I can't remember exactly what they call them)!
They are absolutely delicious, although they tend to be better at the Gilbert location because they aren't as greasy.
One thing I have to say about this location though is that the staff are terrible!
They are slow to serve you and are quite unfriendly.

