SUCK!
that's what i say to myself when i think of this place.
don't get me wrong, the massages are good, but what they are TOTALLY lacking is customer service.
They have idiots working the front desk.
My husband has a membership here because he really likes massages.
I decide to make an appointment and they don't ask the gender preference question or even tell me the name of my masseuse.
There was another girl at the desk who seemed to have the maturity and intellect of a 14 year old, gave my husband an attitude when he requested a specific gender.
Anyway, so i go for my first massage and get the $39 rate.
awesome.
I go there a second time with my husband, who has a membership, as his guest.
The vouchers that they gave him when he signed up was for the $39 rate for guests of members.
When we presented the voucher to 14 year old she said, "uMmMm, tHeSe are for FirSt TiMe GuEsTs oNLy???
" (Don't you love how valley girls state "factual" information in the form of a question?
) We said, well he's a member and it doesn't specifically state that on the voucher.
This is why my husband got the membership in the first place, so I could get the rate too.
14 year-old, "So It'S gOnNa Be LiKe 65 dOlLaRs fOr HeR???
" Me, "ok, can we talk to someone else?
" 14-year old, "I am SoRrY, ThAt'S jUsT oUr PoLiCy???
Do YoU wAnNa PuRcHaSe tHe MeMbeRsHiP?
ThAt wAy YoU cAn HaVe ThE $39 RaTe EvErY mOnTh.
" Why the hell would i PAY for a membership to PAY for massages?
Me, "um, no.
" I am such a wuss for not chewing 14 year old out.
Now, not only do i not want to go back, but my husband, who had bought the membership doesn't want to go back to dumbass 14 year old.
Total waste.

I recently set up my wife and daughter for a hour massage on Mothers Day.
It was really easy, they asked all the questions regarding gender and who they prefer!
They were charged the first time of $39.00 each, and with the great experience they both had.
It's a good chance they might become members.

My first massage was good, not great.
The therapist was very new to the business.
We started by using gift cards given to us by a friend.
After our intro massages, we signed up for a 6 month membership.
I agree with the other reviewers who don't care for the front desk staff.
Fortunately, I limit my exposure to them.
My husband was so frustrated with them as I explained that we only wanted a 6 month subscription and NOT to put us on autorenew that he had to go to the car.
My husband and I have now found awesome therapists!
We  have used our free monthly massages in a mix and match as we need.
For example, if we miss a month, we just have a 2 hour massage the next time.
My therapist is now moving away, but she made a point of writing alot of detail in my file and recommending replacements who work well with my husband's therapist.
We usually use the couple's room.
Read the contract, ask questions and be sure you know what you are buying.
If it is not in writing, the next front desk person will feel no obligation to honor previous promises.
It is not ethical or legal (ie oral contract), but fighting about the details missed will defeat the whole purpose of the massage....to relax and enjoy yourself.

I want to start of by saying I am a massage therapist and have worked for a different Massage Envy before.
I know the standard they are held to and this location must not have gotten the memo.
I keep trying them as I know their structure well and know that it is safe and clean.
I have gone to this location maybe 5 or 6 times now and each time has been a less then par experience.
At first I thought i was being judgmental because I am a therapist myself and know what they should and should not do.
But chewing gum loudly during a massage, wiping off excess lotion on to the sheets loudly and vigorously during a massage and rubbing my head as though you are giving me worlds worst shampoo job are not things to be over looked.
I will generally over look if the pressure is less or more then I like because some people cannot do other pressures they are naturally strong or naturally more soft natured.
The front desk is usually polite but when I come to the front to check out and they are in the middle of a personal conversation its off setting.
Then to complain that the massage was not great and they look at you with deer in headlights look  and say okay that will be $65.00.
Not a I am sorry to hear that or Let me see if I can comp this one or give it to you at a discounted rate.
My most recent visit was for a prenatal with my best girlfriend, because she knows good massage to.
I made sure we were not in the room together so we could both get some relaxation and both of us were let down.
I ended up going home and having my boyfriend massage me FOR FREE Just to get the kinks out from laying there for an hour.
Overall they need to be more selective in their hiring process.
If I had to recommend a Massage Envy I would say the Lake Pleasant location has literally 1 or 2 GREAT therapists out of their 12-15 therapists on hand that I have experienced.

I have spent $$$ for top of the line massages at swanky/posh resorts in Scottsdale and loved the pampering and feelings of being treated like royalty.
But seriously, can't afford that kind of cash every month.
As a frequent flier, with back issues, I love that I can pop over for a deep tissue massage at Massage Envy in Surprise, and love that it's close to my house, and there are over 40 LMT that rotate through the week-so if you don't want the same masseuse, ask for someone else.
Go without expectations if this is your first massage.
Don't nitpick on the little things like the music choices or the color of the robe.
Really???
You're there to get the type of service you can't give yourself, the expertise of a therapist who took the time to get the training and get licensed for it.
Enjoy it, or don't return.
As for me, I return each month, for either a 1-hour massage, or a facial.
The facials are so hydrating, I enjoy the glow my face has for weeks afterward.
Thanks Surprise ME,....doing a great job.

For the last two years, my wife and I have a monthly membership which we use for a one hour couples message.
We have had no complaints or issues.
Front desk staff is great, place is clean.
If you do not like something, explain to the person how you like it.
They are happy to make the adjustment.
Would I like to be pampered more?
You bet.
Always leave feeling great.

I unfortunately have to agree with the reviews.
The girls at the front have attitude and it does not matter if you had a good massage or not.
It also does not matter when you call what type of massage you want...they just need to book it.
You say sweedish..they find swedish.
I went in for a one hour deep tissue and it was HORRIBLE.
The girl placed her hand on my back and did deep breathing while barely moving her hand.
Then threw in an elbow for "deep tissue" work.
Ive been a member for years and recommend any other location.
My favorites- desert ridge, scottsdale/101 and biltmore.
It doesn't matter if you get a $39 massage if it sucks its just wasted $39 in my opinion.

Just had my first massage, it was wonderful!
If you have a massage envy near you it's worth it to go.
I think I may skip my dose of Percocet tonight..
I feel on top of the world.
First time in my whole 25 years of living that my legs aren't feeling like I'm  being electrocuted i want to say Thank you to my massage therapist Toni you are a great healer!
You made me feel what "living" to normal people feels like

Went there the other day and it was great.
Leah at the front desk was super friendly and my massage therapist, Alicia, was amazing.
I signed up for the monthly massage and look forward to my next visit.

Great massage Wide range of appointment times (My massage was at 8 pm!
) Clean facility  Sadly, after getting my massage came the sales pitch.
Such a BUZZ KILL, lol.
It started with "your massage therapist would like to see you again in 3 weeks, here is her information and schedule to help you pick an appointment date".
Really?!
Because she said nothing to me, and I was just with her for an hour -_-  Next comes the pamphlet, all the options, the discount you get if you sign up now, all the benefits..... by the end of that presentation I felt like I needed another massage.
Maybe that was their sneaky plan all along!

Went in today to get a gift card for my wife and info for myself on sports massage was immediately greeted by Vanessa and she took care of all of my questions and gave me the gift certificate.
Looking forward for me soon and my wife's gift there.
Hope massage service meets up to Vanessa's standards.

I have had a membership,for two,years now and I really love it.
My favorite therapist for Swedish massage is Elana.
For hot stone envy, Kory.,I can't tell you how much this has relieved pain from arthritis, migraine headaches, leg pain etc.
These visits are my little luxuries for myself but they are also therapeutic for the aches and pains which come from working on my feet all day.
The aromatherapy is wonderful, lavender is my personal favorite for relaxing.
The only minor flaw is the reception area.
I would recommend paying ahead of time for your session.
After your are done with your massage, you can just leave, still feeling relaxed and wonderful.

Price was very reasonable, massage therapist, Jessie, was very professional and good.
He was not too rough, but did the job!
I'm excited to try their other services!

