The staff was nice.
The atmosphere was annoying.
They have wicker chairs that are tiny and uncomfortable.
The acoustics is horrible on an epic scale.
It was so damn loud in there that people were literally yelling across their own tables to one another.
I could not hear my dining partner and vice versa, I was repeating myself constantly and so was he.
It's getting to be summer time and while they had ceiling fans, they didn't seem to have the A/C on because it was borderline hot in there.
We started out with drinks, and the prices are pretty reasonable, and the drinks were average.
I ordered the Classic Greek Moussaka with Eggplant.
Hello eggplant, you in there??
It was 99% hamburger and a few measly pieces of eggplant.
It came with a side of green beans, stewed tomato chunks, and rice with a small chunk of feta on top.
Nothing special whatsoever to report about this dish.
My dining partner had the typical lamb gyro and it was teeny tiny.
It also came with sides of green beans, stewed tomatoes, and a small feta chunk.
He didn't like the sides at all, and advised that the cucumber sauce on the gyro was weak.
Both dishes were small, underwhelming, and unsatisfying.
So we ordered dessert.
I had the Ultimate Chocolate Cake and he had the Almond Biscotti something or other.
They were average.
There were no zings, oooo's, and ahhhhh's.
It was kind of like having dinner at your Greek Aunt's house but with no second helpings.
I had really hoped I could have come home and reported that I found this delicious little hole in the wall greek place that everyone should try, but this wasn't it, Parthenon's on State St is.

I think the only thing I agree with from a previous reviewer was that "the staff was nice".
I loved the food and the atmosphere here.
I had a gyro as part of some combo, and found it to be a good size.
Every time I've gone to Atlantis Taverna I've left satisfied, or overstuffed from their portions.
I've gone there with large parties of people and everyone has enjoyed their food and never noticed any issues with hearing people talk.
It's a good family-run restaurant, with excellent greek choices beyond the basic gyro, (including some vegetarian choices) and is definitely worth the drive out to SP.

I've never had a bad meal there.
I've also never seen it packed, which is too bad.
They don't skimp on the gyros, which is good.
Order extra pita bread if you get a gyro.
You'll want it.

The staff was lovely, and although the paintwork is garish and the seats are uncomfortable, it was a surprisingly cozy restaurant.
Nice selection of specialty sodas which is fun.
I had the chicken wrap with fries and it was delicious.
The chicken was moist and the sauce was wonderful.
The fries were to die for.
I got the specialty custard pastry for desert and it was delightful.
Downtown Sun Prairie is small, but nice and there were some cute shops I would like to visit when I have more time.

Great food.
Great atmosphere.
Our family likes to come here once a year or so when we get that hankering for some good Greek food.

Decided to go here again, cuz humans believe in second chances.
This time we went around 2pm, and we sat in a booth instead of the wicker chairs.
It was much more comfortable and cozy.
At that time of the day we were the only customers, so the problematic acoustics reverberating the sound of one thousand voices was absent.
I had the butternut squash pie, that came with a side salad and a pita with dill dipping sauce.
It was delish.
My dining companion on this day was the minor, who decided to have a cheeseburger.
Said cheeseburger got a thumbs up.
Now I shall delight you all with what we had next.
We decided to be really bad and share a slice of the Golden Harvest Carrot Cake.
When I took the very first bite I immediately noticed that time seemed to slow down.
My faced warmed and my eyes watered up with tears of extreme joy, all the world looked liked I was viewing it through a slow drip of molasses.
I couldn't really say much, but I definitely let out some moans that very well could have been misconstrued by the staff.
When I came to, I was mashing my my fork against an empty plate, as was the minor.
I also noticed some crumbs laying around the plate on the table, to which I suddenly said with great urgency "get the crumbs!
Get the crumbs!
"  So minor and I threw caution to the wind and vacuumed up the remaining crumbs of carrot cake off the table like dirty little monkeys.
After that we sat there and giggled and marveled at the awesomeness of the carrot cake.
We would've smoked cigarettes but they don't allow smoking inside.

This is a very quaint place - the walls are full of colorful murals.
The waiting staff is wonderful and attentive.
Even when ordering take-out, they offer you a soda or water as you wait.
The dishes I've tried (a taste of Taverna) and their gyros are fantastic.
Definitely a stop worth while.

Great food.
Prices are moderate for the local Greek biz in the neighborhood.

Great Gyros here!!
Service has been great and great value for your $$$.

Each time here I left happy!
Great food, great service, great choices.
This is a can't miss choice

Best Greek food in the area.
I love the Parthenon on State Street, but that's Greek fast food.
This place is more traditional and does theme nights, which are a lot of fun.
Have a shot of ouzo.

The service is fantastic!
Kristin always remembers our Favorite menu items.
Food is very tasty & atmosphere is very enjoyable.

Great place with nice atmosphere and wonderful service.
The gyro meat is the most tender lamb/beef mix I have ever had and my wife and I LOVE gyros.
Their tzatziki sauce is very good as well.
We particularly enjoy the hummus and 3 dip plate appetizer.
I wouldn't recommend the Pastisio (Greek lasagna) or Moussaka.
The flavors of the dishes just don't seem to come together.

I would give this more like 3.5 stars, but since you can't do half... good food, cute place, no complaints.

Amazing gyros!
They serve you an awesome amount of meat and the perfect amount of sauce.
The onion slices aren't cut too thick and everything all together just tastes amazing.
This is my #1 spot for gyros!
Every time I've been to this place they've never seem too busy.
The service is quick and efficient.
I'll be sure to come back!

Simply Awesome.
I first went there when they opened in Sun Prairie.
I loved it, but I didn't think they would last simply because almost nothing does.
A few years later they are here and going strong.
I have had just about everything on the menu and I have never once been disappointed.
Especially with the dolmades.
I'm a sucker for dolmades.
If you want a light atmosphere in a cozy restaurant and the finest Greek food in Southern Wisconsin, go to Atlantis Taverna.
We go every couple of weeks, and when a kitchen experiment fails, it's off to Atlantis for some food.
Do yourself a favor and stop in, try a sampler plate or a gyro, or the spanikopita.
Anything.
Your tastebuds will love you for it.

Stopped in to pick up a to-go gyro dinner for four.
It was fantastic!
The meat was juicy and had great flavor and the pitas were soft and warm.
Cucumber sauce was tasty as well.
Gladly recommend this place to anyone searching for a great gyro at a reasonable price.

Very good best gyro in sun praire

Stopped in per recommendations from Yelp for business dinner.
LIZ served us and what a gracious soul she was.
The food was absolutely wonderful.
Had the lamb kabobs and my other guests were very happy also as everything was awesome.
They tried the moussaka and pastitsio and it was to die for.
Don't forget the baklava!!
I highly recommend and your in for a treat if you get Liz for a server.
I felt like part of their family before I left.

We ate here for the first time yesterday evening and enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.
The gyros, spanikopita, falafel, warmed pita bread and humus were all very good.
Our excellent waitress suggested the white sangria which we also enjoyed.

8/25/13 Taking some local advice we stopped in to the Atlantis Taverna to continue our anniversary celebrations.
We took in their outdoor balcony.
The grape leaves were tasty (served cold as indicated per the menu).
The salad was nice.
The 3 meat entree was good.
Bell's Two Hearted Ale went perfectly with everything.
I think it's better than Plaka Taverna, but try both for yourself.
I thought they used far less salt.

We LOVE Atlantis.
My husband and I have been dining at Atlantis since at least 2007.
I lived in Chicago most of my life, and the food at Atlantis is as good as the best restaurants in Greektown.
(But we haven't eaten at Plaka in Madison, which is "closely related" to Atlantis.
)    I'm a vegetarian and Atlantis offers a ton of great veggie choices - not always an option when you're outside of Madison proper.
The hummus, Spanikopita and Squash pie are all amazing.
My husband loves the olive stuffed meatballs.
The prices are incredibly reasonable, and the orange cake is a fabulous way to end your meal.
Atlantis has a reward program too, so if you dine there with any regularity you can save some on your meals over time.
They also do special small plate events every so often, which give you a great chance to try a lot of different dishes.

Left a review under my name as well.
Just thinking about that Gyro and wanting to give you another five stars!
Absolutely delicious!

Great Greek food at a good price.
I'm glad they are close enough to allow repeat visits.
Matter of fact if it were not for Atlantis Taverna I don't think I would have found this section of Sun Prairie.
Weird but true, I never went down Main St farther than Salvatores Tomato Pies before this visit to Atlantis Taverna.
Good Eats.

Food and atmosphere was very nice.
I had the Veggie Combo, which is 3 Falafel patties, hummus, spinach triangle, cheese triangle, cube of feta, dolmades, tomato slices, olives, pita and yogurt cucumber sauce.
The food took a while, but was worth it.
The place is brightly colored, murals and all painted by owner, as I was told.
Great place to eat and all in heart of downtown,.

We usually get the family carryout and it has always been very good.
My wife enjoys the Greek salad and the gyro meat is always tender.

