this is my favorite grocery store.
what is there not to love?
great products for amazing prices!
it's perfect for me because when i'm hungry i can just walk in and grab something to eat.
they have so much pre-prepared food i love it.
it's kind of like a trader joe's but hipper.
they can keep their prices low because there isn't that many people working.
no cashiers.
it's all self-serve registers.
and in my opinion, i like it because that way you don't need to make small talk with the middle aged women that are unhappy that they work at a grocery store.
the self-serve registers are really easy to use and there is one person looking over all the registers if you have a question.
it is so easy to make good healthy choices here.
everything is FRESH and its EASY to shop here.

Fresh N Easy is great, always free samples & 50% reduced items , today I grabbed up 2 lb of filet for $8 & 4 NY steak for $10.
Always great deals and the perfect place to shop for that single person or someone who likes prepared meals that taste like fine dining.
Friendly people work here and this place has the BEST cupcakes anywhere.

I luv Fresh and Easy its cleaner then the Albersontons by my house that a dump.
i like they have lil sale rack by my next day rack.
This place usually really clean so things lil more expensive then other like the milk is 2.50 wen its 1.89 at Smith's.
but the mangers and staff are pretty helpful just security watches you like hawk so people won't steal.

How did I go two years in Las Vegas without Fresh and Easy?!
I don't understand!
First off let me tell you the Carrot Cake Cupcakes are INCREDIBLE and can often be found on the reduced items shelves.
Speaking of the reduced items shelves - they are awesome!
If you are looking for something to make that night you can't beat the prices on this shelf.
Two delicious burgers for a buck and some change!
George Foreman grille here I come.
Bottled water is only $2.99 for a case, love that.
There own brand of various items is pretty good too.
Lots of great items on sale now and then.
Some items are overpriced of course but for the most part they are fair and reasonable.
The only thing holding back from 5 stars is because they are such a small market, often the selection of items/brands is limited when looking for things... thus forcing me to go Smiths or Albertsons or even WalMart.
I enjoy the ready to eat section with pastas, chicken, various bowls of food, etc.
Very tasty and quick and easy to make.

Love this market.
They have a great selection of healthy foods at affordable prices.
The staff is always friendly and never rude.
Make sure you check out the daily clearance section where you can find great deals.
The best market in town.

Being the frugle shopper I've become, I was pleasantly surprised by my experience at Fresh and Easy (what a killer name, double entendre or what).
If you're old and ready to die, or an older couple, this is the store for you, just kidding about the ready to die part.
This store reminds me somewhat of what grocery stores were like back in the 60's, yes I'm older than dirt.
They carried the necessities but not much more than that, here, it's just a slightly different but close enough.
Great selection on proteins, meat, chicken, seafood and pork.
The quality of the food is fairly high, reminds me of Costco, but not on steroids.
Their store soups are excellent, sampled pumpkin soup today, absolutely dilish (phonetically spelled, don't you know).
I purchase a big ass piece of Belgian Chocolate for $3.99 and an inexpensive bottle of red Spanish wine, Saludas for $2.99.
For a small neighbored grocery store, I was impressed by the fact that they were sampling.
As I transition into my golden years, sampling moves everyone to the top of the food chain, as an old person, I have to live on samples if I want to survive this cold and lonesome world.
P.S.
Costco's on Saturdays are the best, please be prepared to take out a few gummers with your shopping cart, they are like zombies, you just can kill them or get them away from the samples.
The selection of fruits is okay, not great, decent selection of vegetables and the rest is great.
I would like to see an adult diaper changing station, so that I don't have to drive my wife home in the middle of shopping, other than that, I love this place, it's the bomb.

I just wanna say that I refuse to live anywhere unless there's a F&E within a 5 mile radius.
This is where I get my rBST free dairy, organic produce, and even flowers (when they're fresh).
Despite the name, not all things are fresh so you do have to look at dates & check freshness.
A lot of things don't have preservatives, so they do go bad earlier than things at major grocery chains.
But I see that as a good thing.
You can't get everything you want here.
Once in a while, I do have to go to Albertsons to get certain items.
But it's been my experience that the F&E brands far exceed major brands for taste and quality.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!

My weekly stopping place!
I love that it is small, prices are great, and they have everything my family needs.

Oh how I love fresh and easy!
It is such a lovely little establishment!
We stop in a F&E once a week and pick out a few of the prepared meals to go.
They now have a healthy version of their meals (you can usually find them by looking for the "Eat well" sticker on the packaging) which has been great.
Prior to this, I didn't really eat many of the preparted meals because they were surprisingly very high in calories and fat!
They have many meal options to choose from- chicken, fish, beef.
If you buy 3 or more of these meals, you get 10% off at the register which is nice.
I like that they don't cram their food full of preservatives!
So, for that reason alone, just rember you need to eat what you buy quick!
It's shelf life is pretty short!

I stopped here yesterday to get to specific items that are sold by Fresh & Easy--their peanut butter filled pretzels and the spicy cheese sticks.
These are snacks our hiking group likes and they're always stocked here.
This isn't my go to food store, but there are some specialty items I like buying here.

Oh how I love The Freezy!
This store is perfect for preparing a meal- you can either buy just a few products to make your one meal or you can buy a prepared meal which is great!
They have fresh produce: fruits & vegetables!
You can buy one or a few, which is awesome!
They also have a decent selection of meats, seafood, cheeses and cold cuts.
I love all the options.
They have a lot of prepared meals which is very handy during the week.
They have pizza, soups, salads, entrees, etc.
Some of them are labeled "Eat Well"- what a nice idea!
My husband actually enjoyed their prepared chicken salad (which can go either way, really, which purchasing from a store).
I enjoy their dips and their roasted red pepper hummus- delicious!
Their baked potato soup is really good.
Sometimes their soups have too much garlic (if you can believe that!
) in their soup for me.
They have a decent wine selection and they have a few bottles of $5 wine that I purchase for my work holiday party and everyone loves it!
Who would have thought!
If you purchase a certain amount of wine, they give you a discount too!
They have recently added a bakery right inside the store and all of their bread and cookies taste great.
In September, they offered a rewards card- it's free.
Grab a card in store, scan it and register it online.
The more times you use it, you get coupons at home.
Great idea!
I usually stop here during the week when I'm not sure what to make for dinner and always walk out with all kinds of yummy options.
Lots of great snacks in here too!
This store is so convenient!

This is my favorite place to shop.
I appreciate the small selection of great products.
Who needs 20 different kinds of something, if their one brand is great.
Their meats, breads, and vegetables are high quality.

this store is a dream come true!
Right down the street from my house and so easy to pop in and get good food.
I LOVE the organic almond milk, as far as I know its the only place you can get organic.
So many things to love about this store, I just wish it was a smidge bigger, it gets crowded sometimes and its crazy

alot of the Fresh Easy are going outta busniess.
I'm so sad  it's good food and prices.
Lower taxes then here in Chicago.

I go here at least once a week and never remember to check in.
This place has earned my loyalty and forced me to quit Albertsons, Smith's, and even Walmart.
The prices here are great, they offer coupons in the circular (better ones if you are an email member) and a club card that gets you dollars off your purchases that accumulate every time you spend!
They now have a bakery with fresh offerings every day, and I will always be a fan of the clearance section.
I specially love THIER brand foods-all natural, no chemicals or preservatives and amazing flavors.

This place is SO close to home that it's our go-to market for forgotten ingredients.
But they also have a great selection of prepared meals that taste pretty darn good.
If you've never been to a Fresh and Easy before, it's worth a trip for sure.

I fell in love with Fresh and Easy when they first opened in Las Vegas.
I shopped there regularly but stopped due to them not bringing in anything new or different.
I find myself at this location at least once a month, mainly because it's just seconds  from my house and I love their wine selection.
The beer selection is pretty awesome too.
Oh, and I highly recommend the egg salad sandwich and the veggie wrap...Awesome!!
Staff is always friendly and nice.
Store is always clean and I love the atmosphere.
Only downfall is that it is jam packed when I come in after work, around 6-6:30pm.
I think it's because a lot of my surrounding neighbors stop here too after work!
Great store and recommend.

Love this place!
Always the best deals!
They have a rack of stuff, changes every week, but its priced at 98cents!
one of my favorite places to get veggies and hummus!
Such a wide variety of tasty hummus dips!
You checkout yourself, using self checkout.
Makes it easier but always have to wait a minute if the machine says "assistance needed.

Want to know how i only spend 100 bucks a month to feed 3 people?
Well, start reading and i'll tell you my secrets..
This is my favorite location out of them by far.
Customer service is fantastic.
You always see people stocking, helping customers to find items, or helping people check out.
They are more than willing to help you bag, fix any scanning problems or even give you an extra coupon if your bill is over 30.
They have clearance items galore.
make sure you go bright and early to get the best deals before they disappear right before your eyes, literally.
Whenever I go in, I notice there is a line to look at the clearance items.
Make sure you hurry and pick before someone next to you grabs an item.
I just went through this and wanted to beat a lady.
(Called my hubs in front of a woman to ask if he wanted red velvet, cheesecake or tirimisu, and this woman then turns smiles at me and grabs all three!
can you believe it?!
that jerk face!
) UGH, so get it while the goings hot.
They usually have lots of dairy, veggies and meat on sale.
The produce is always fresh and clean.
Love that they have prepackaged sizes.
3 apples for a buck.
3 oranges for a buck.
2 avocados for a dollar, etc etc.
I'm a huge fan of their salads, which are a dollar for a large bag, at most its two bucks.
They've sent me coupons through my email for 40 cents off a dollar salad.
Good deal  Email coupons are amazing so def sign up.
They track what you buy and send good coupons.
50 cents off pizza dough (regularly 1.69) 50 cents off sour cream (regularly 2) so the savings add's up.
Especially when they also send you in the mail a $5 off coupon when you spend 25.
THEN after racking up so many points you get a free $5 too.
Give you a good example.
Today I went and got a butt load of clearance items.
It came to 35 bucks, which got me a FREE turkey (their ad special).
13 pounder.
Then I had 5 bucks worth of tiny coupons for different items i bought.
Then had a $5 off when you spend 25.
Lastly another $5 from free racked up from points.
AWESOME!
For 20 bucks i got 60 bucks worth of food.
Now thats shopping smart, fresh and easy!
Seriously, come to fresh and easy and check it out and sign up for their deals.
it wont disappoint.
Your wallet will be full and so will your fridge and freezer!
P.S They have special parking for people with children, expecting and hybrids.
Now, not only the disabled get good parking!
(Not trying to be rude, I just find this extremely cool)

I love everything about Fresh & Easy!
Why?
Well, unlike other Big-Box stores, this place has very little not to love!
SELECTION: 5 Stars!
They have a variety of different fresh foods, precooked foods, packaged foods, ethnic foods and fresh flowers.
BATHROOM: 5 Stars.
It is always clean and well maintained.
STAFF: Beyond 5 Stars!
The staff here is extremely helpful.
They are always smiling and they are willing to go the extra mile.
One staff member noticed my hand-cart was getting full and offered to get me a standard push card.
I do wish they had baggers...
BUT I guess I can bag my own... PRICES: 4 Stars.
If you are super broke, you probably shouldn't buy all of your items here...
They do have great prices on exotic cheese and meats that are normally double at whole foods...
But your everyday eggs, milk and bread cost more here.
CHECK OUT LINES: Always open and fast.
It should be called quick and easy.
Great place to shop :)

Love the prepared meals!
The store is a little small and usually crowded.
Overall though the people are friendly and the store is well kept.

F N Easy!
I LOVE this place.
I am there at least 3 times a week.
I LOVE their rewards program and the coupons I get emailed to me.
Their own brand of items (pesto, olive oil, spices) are very good and their selection is perfect for a quick grab and go meal.
I wish they had the Coffee Bean brand of DECAF coffee as well as their selection of the leaded stuff.
I hope that they are able to stay in business...

Love the meats here!
they are so fresh

Fresh and Easy is one of my favorite supermarkets to shop at.
The name says it all, and is a very accurate description.
I started shopping there after this location first opened.
I was hooked immediately.
The layout of the store is the best I've seen.
Everything makes sense.
Finding what you need is very easy.
The selection of products isn't the best, but you can pretty much find what you need.
The meat section is fabulous.
The Produce is pretty good.
A very reasonably priced supermarket to buy beer and wine.
You can find Wine as low as $3.00 a bottle, and they have some beer which I've seen as low as $7.00 for an 18 pack.
The self check out is very fast and easy.
One of the easiest to operate.
However if you have their Friends card, redeeming your money is very hard.
This location has very convenient entrance and exit access.
There are many places to enter and exit the shopping center.
I would continue shopping here, and would recommend it to friends and family.

I've begun shopping elsewhere.
New ownership has increased prices 30-50%.
Trader Joes and Whole Foods seem to be less expensive on everyday items and more bulk from Costco

TLDR: great fresh grocery store, lots of organic, but if you want cheap cheap it's usually not here  I really love this grocery store, and I'm so grateful it's within walking distance of my apartment.
As everyone else has mentioned, they truly have fresh produce and I LOVE the pre packaged amounts of pretty much everything.
It makes shopping truly truly easy, how do other grocery stores not do this?!
I also think the staff and availability at this store is great.
They always offer help if I look like I can't find something, they're fast and efficiency on the checkout, and I always feel there is help if I need it.
The only reason i consider this 4 instead of 5 star is because of the price.
If you're looking to go organic and healthy, and price is no object, in my opinion I wouldn't go anywhere else (except MAYBE trader joes or whole foods).
They have fresh items and they always have organic versions of pretty much anything.
However, they have a lot of overpriced items as well (like spices), and you would be better off doing some research and getting things cheaper at a place like Walmart or Costco.
For me, if I could afford to shop at Fresh and Easy for everything, I probably would, but since I an generally searching for a bargain...
I only come here for produce or for a quick easy shopping trip last minute.
I know they also have clearance items, and those are a good value, but I guess I just don't get in early enough to benefit.
I sometimes go at 10-11, but they're not a ton of clearance and I don't like shopping with a "I guess I'll get this because it's on sale" mentality.
I prefer to have recipes and things in mind going in, and just go to the best priced store for those things.

Happy that its open 24 hours now!
Great little grocery store and pretty good prices.
Its very convenient and easy to find items.
Love their specials too!

