Between Starbucks and Subway sits something natural and organic to eat and drink.
The owner Sasha couldn't be nicer and more friendly.
She is very knowledgeable about fruits, veggies, and other health related topics.
I asked for something wheat and dairy free and she whipped up a special veggie drink for me that had some bite (ginger), some sweet (carrots), and some healthy greens (Kale, cucumber, etc).
I highly recommend 24Carrots.
All the drinks I've had and even the vegan chili she made one day are great.

24 carrots is definitely the REAL deal when it comes to fresh and healthy.
Strawberry fields forever is the greatest smoothie on the planet, Jamba juice and one stop nutrition cant come close to the wholesome goodness of a tasty real fruit smoothie.
5star taste 5 star customer service.
Try It!
Love it!

Sasha and 24 Carrots are fantastic!
The best smoothies anywhere, and without all the junk and fillers you find elsewhere.
"Mango Overboard" is simply the most delicious drink I've ever had.
Great breakfast and lunch options, both vegan and vegetarian.
All incredibly good, and at prices that belie the quality of the ingredients and care in preparation.
It pains me to see folks walking past 24 Carrots to patronize the subway next door, especially since I know a percentage of these folks are doing so because they perceive it to be a "healthy" choice.
STOP THE MADNESS!
STOP AT 24 CARROTS!!

If you are vegetarian, vegan or have food allergies and want a place that will work with you......THIS IS IT!
Sasha is so nice and very knowledgable.
Delicious smoothies and yummy food.
They are even child friendly!
We stop in whenever we can!

I highly reccomend this place.
The food/drinks are so pure.
You leave here feeling good about yourself and what you've put into your body.
I have a gluten allergy and am vegan on top of it so finding places that I can eat at is a challenge and finding places that are friendly as well as accomidating is even harder...Sasha, the owner is genuinly interested in your diatary needs and will adjust accordingly and is happy to do it.
From changing an ingredient to baking completely custom granola she has been wonderful in making me feel comfortable that my needs are met.
...and on top of that the food/drinks are delicious!!!!!
I can't get enough of this place!
Everything I've had has been amazing...but I highly reccomend the apple ginger juice and any of the soups.
Wonderful place!

Ring Ring....  "Good Morning, 24 Carrots, This is Sasha... how can I help you?
"  Me: "What is your soup today?
"  Sasha: "Well, I haven't made it yet; what sounds good to you?
"  WHAT!
A business owner actually asking her customers what THEY want???
Incredible!
What is even more incredible is that Sasha put up with my continuing barrage of questions, emailed me the most updated menu, and allowed me to order through email since 11 of us at the office wanted to give 24 Carrots a try.
Sasha did an amazing job of meeting our needs, and even labeled each of the to-go boxes and smoothies with our names!
The greens and beans soup was OUT OF THIS WORLD, and I fell in LOVE with the "Triple Threat Acai" smoothie... so much so that I got it again the second day!
I also got to try the black bean burger on a bed of greens and the masala burger.
I really love that you get either baby carrots or corn chips with your sandwich!
Everything is from local farmers markets and cooked to order.
You can taste the quality in the food.
I also really love that everything is pretty much vegan, and any cheese is added on after the fact.
In addition to the black bean and masala burgers, the pita pizza's were also a really huge hit with my co-workers.
A+++ all around!

Since my original review I have also had the Mediterannean Bean Salad (which is SO FREAKING GOOD), the mashed potato soup, and we tried some raw items on a Friday.
The cookies were divine, the almond milk drink Sasha makes is incredibly creamy and delicious, and the peanut spring rolls are very fresh and flavorful.
I was not the biggest fan of the "porcini scallops" but I don't like mushrooms... other members of the group enjoyed them!
The actual restaurant is really cute and cozy, and I love the sayings written all over the walls.

I was on my way to Starbucks next door but this place caught my eye and decided to take a look - boy I'm glad I did.
- I recommend wholeheartedly the Pitta Pizzas and the Pomme Zinger Juice (freshly squeezed apple juice and ginger).
- It's got free wifi so I spent the afternoon working there and got to know Sasha (the owner) - she's lovely!
- Don't expect Subway-style fast service.
The food and the juices are made from scratch and this takes time (give me good food over fast food any day though).
I'm now a regular and I plan on going through everything on the menu.

I'm not a vegan, nor do I ever eat healthy, but there is something very charming about 24 Carrots.
A lot of people think that eating healthy means sacrificing good flavor, but that is not the case with 24 Carrots.
I'm a HUGE fan of the lemonade, and the variety of muffins that are available.
24C has free wi-fi which makes studying/working there palatable.
Highly recommended.

My husband and I love this place...the owner is very friendly, always chats with you and is always in a good mood.
The changing menu and specials are awesome.
Great food and friendly people.
Nice place to hang out too if you just want to get on the wifi and surf with your smoothie.

I have been obsessed with this place ever since they donated some items to a charity bake sale several weeks ago.
The owner and folks that work there are great people.
The food is great!
I have yet to have something I don't love.
Their salads made as wraps with hummus are great and there is something for me as a vegan and for my omnivorous husband.
Their tortilla soup and lentil/kale soup are delicoius and every time I go in it smells like their delicious granola.
I can't recommend them highly enough!

In order to get a full scope of what Sasha has to offer, you need to pop in to 24 Carrots at least 3 or 4 times because there are so  many amazing things to try, you cannot get it all in a visit!
Here are some of the major highlights:   1.
Every day they make a homemade soup from scratch, and every single day it is amazing.
The mashed potato, split pea, tomato basil, tortilla, and beans and greens are all DELICIOUS!
The hummus is like out of this world good.
It has an airy, fluffy quality to it and they will give you extra veggies instead of pita if you can't eat gluten.
Sasha takes emailed orders,  updates her specials on the FaceBook page daily, and regularly interacts with her customers online.
The Food: Mediterranean Bean Salad, Chipotle Tofu Scrambler Tacos, Summer Fruit Crumbler, GF Pasta Salad, Veggie Marsala Burgers w/ Jalapeno Cilantro Pesto ...
I could go on, and on, and on....
I'm so stoked that she listens to her customers and is extending hours, adding new menu items (BLT!!!
), and considering doing delivery!
Whether you are vegetarian, vegan, laden with food allergies, or a regular Joe schmo.... there is something delicious waiting for you at 24C!

The service was well meaning but odd.
I add for a knofe to cut my veggie burger in half and they took away my burger with a bite out of it to the kitchen to cut for me.
It came back only cut thru the top bun and burger but not the bottom bun (?
)  Ok but the burger was naasty, I like spicy and hot but this was so hot it was inedible and the texture of the black bean burger was not good either.
like mush, not crisped on the outside but like a pile of mashed beans on a bun.
I would not return.

I had no idea!
This was amazing cannot wait to get back and eat something else freshly made by someone who has my kind of philosophy on food  YES!
It is well worth the wait for the "lunch of the week" (as i only get to eat out once per week) This time i had the eggless salad sandwhich with facon bacon, l&t, and siracha.
Yuuuuuummmmmae!!!

Yummy, healthy, locally-grown and organic food for a reasonable price and with a friendly owner who obviously cares about your eating experience.
This is the kind of business I feel an obligation to support; businesses like these are rare in AZ.
Check it out!
The Vegan Pita Pizza is delicious!

If you want to go somewhere that you will be welcomed like family, remembered as a friend and valued as a customer then 24 Carrots should be your next stop.
The Cafe is cozy and comfortable, I feel like I'm going over to a good friends house every time I stop by.
You can sit and relax and share wonderful conversations, ideas and recipes with Sasha.
If there is anything she can do for you she probably will, Sasha has the sweetest kindest spirit and it really reflects into her food.
There couldn't be more love and passion put into her food if your grandmother made it.
I've simply Loved everything I've ever ordered here.
The menu has some solid choices but for me the magic lies in the daily specials.
Everyday Sasha creates something new and exciting to tantalize your taste buds using fresh locally grown organic produce.
You can follow 24 Carrots on twitter and facebook to hear what she's cooking up next.

I love any place that promotes healthy eating and this place is no exception.
Their juices are delicious and the food is awesome for vegan style food.
I have tried the kale rolls which are filled with some sweet almond paste and cabbage and carrots.
Really excellent.
I have also had the vegan tacos, but they were out of the usual "meat" so they substituted black bean burger and it was still great.
Really great sauces they make here.
The place is very homey and has a nice laid back feel and the owner, I think, is very nice and personable.
The reason I cannot give it 5 stars is because the service was extremely slow.
I do understand they were having problems the last time, but it was also slow the time before.
It takes about 15 minutes to get a juice and it took about an hour for our food which came out in pieces.
I unfortunately did not get my food until everyone was done eating theirs and my stepdad did not get his iced tea (no ice in it, by the way) until all of us were done eating.
He was parched to say the least.
I had to take mine to go and was pretty sad about it.
I do completely understand the place was having problems, but taking an hour for an iced tea is kind of unacceptable and I think it is much appreciated if everyone gets their food at the same time so we can eat together.
Please take my constructive criticism well and hear me out.
I want to give this place 5 stars next time!
Thanks.

What a great local joint!
24 Carrots is exactly the sort of business Chandler residents need to support.
My first long overdue visit was extremely satisfying.
The owner Sahsa was extremely helpful and gave us a little insight into how 24 Carrots became what is it to day.
You can tell she is really passionate about the food and drink she dishes out to her guests.
My girlfriend and I went in for lunch this past Saturday and were able to get an extremely satisfying meal for a fair price.
We tried the French toast (which was a special) that had kiwi, pomegranate seeds, cashew cream and real maple syrup on it.
All 100% vegan and 100% percent.
We also tried the eggs benedict which came with homemade vegan bacon, avocado, vegan egg (it even had a "yolk" and aioli.
Definitely a stunner.
Our Peachy Keen smoothie was also a healthy and delicious way to start off our meal.
For the price, the portion size, the quality, the friendliness and atmosphere I give 24 Carrots a 5 out of 5 and look forward to coming here again be it for breakfast, lunch or just to grab a fresh juice.

Oh I wanted to love 24 carrots... unfortunately my first visit was little underwhelming.
It may be because I hyped it up so much that when the food was just mediocre I was shocked.
For lunch I ordered the tofu and mushroom burger with Vegan bacon, and a cup of miso soup.
Almost $12 deep for lunch, I was expecting heaven in my mouth... more like a crumbly mess at my desk.
The burger had good flavor, but it was a little dry and would not hold its form.
There was some sort of vegan mayonnaise spread on top, but it still needed some kind of sauce... bbq or ketchup, anything!
It was such a mess that I decide to skip the bun and eat with a fork and knife.
The vegan bacon on top was very good, although it didn't remind me of  bacon flavor (though my frame of reference may be off since it's been almost 20 years since I've had real bacon!).
The soup definitely earned a solid 4 stars, it was very hearty and had a lot of veggies for a miso soup.
Inside the restaurant was a little scandalous, similar to a coffee shop I might frequent in college.
Given it's in a newer location I was expecting a cleaner, more modern interior.
I'm so torn on my rating, because I feel like I should love 24 carrots because the menu has my name written all over it!
I'll be back, I have to...
I want to give if 4 or 5 stars!

I honestly felt healthier the moment I walked in the door, so after giving myself a little mental pat on the back, I scanned the menu :)  I was there for a quick to-go lunch & their menu was very detailed, the smoothie menu alone was long enough to publish as a short story, lol.
All of it great information, so I plan on going back on a weekend.
I went for a simple Strawberry fields smoothie.
It was HEAVENLY.
Thick, creamy & you could taste the agave honey :D  I also asked for Hummus.
It was very good.
You could taste the lemon & garlic :) It came with cucumber slices, baby carrots, pita bread & celery sticks.
It was all packaged in a to go brown box.
I was worried that on my drive the hummus would somehow leak from the box because it was scooped straight into the box, no liner.
All of my worrying was for not!
I'm not sure what that box was made of, but it was beyond sturdy :) No stains or leaks in my car OR on my desk at work :)  I hear they make their own Chai & I can't wait to go back for another visit!
My only complaint would have to be that there was only 1 person working & I had a bit of a wait.
When I was on my way out another employee came in, so maybe it's because I was there at 11 am?

I've been to 24 Carrots twice now.
The first time was a slow Monday afternoon in mid-December.
The place is cute and very welcoming.
I like that you can sit at a table or at the couch.
They were out of carrot cake, so we bought a carrot muffin instead.
It tasted good but was a bit on the dry side.
We ordered two smoothies: strawberry fields forever and orange dreamsicle.
Straberry fields was yummy, but the orange dreamsicle tasted like a bland berry smoothie (where was the orange?).
Our last visit was this past weekend.
We ordered the hummus plate.
The hummus was good (though I wouldn't call it "SUPER addictive"), the pita was fresh, and veggies were crisp and tasty.
We tried to get a pumpkin pie smoothie, but they were out of pumpkin.
Then we ordered the chocolate pie and were told they were out of vegan yogurt.
We said that was fine, could they add some peanut butter?
Sure.
It came to us as a liquidy drink...not a smoothie.
It was like chocolate milk...we didn't order vegan chocolate milk.
We commented on how liquidy it was and were then told that, oh by the way, they were also out of vegan protein powder, which would have made it thicker.
We asked him to add a banana, to which he obliged.
He returned our drink, and it wasn't much thicker but did have a bit more taste.
Not something I would ever recommend.
If I go here again, I'll have to try an actual meal, because I haven't been impressed with their smoothies.
Tip to the owner:  offer one or two green smoothies (spinach) or spinach as an add-in in addition to the veggie green juices.

I love a great steak, medium rare but more rare than medium.
Eggs, can't live without.
I never thought I would like vegan food.
After eating here I have completely changed my mind.
The food is fresh and favorable.
The atmosphere is inviting.
The owner is pleasant, inviting and accommodating.
I had one of her cupcakes that had a raspberry on top, and a caprese sandwich.
Both were fantastic, and I just couldn't get enough.
This is also just a simple business, started up by this woman, and I want to see it succeed.
With such quality food, it should be a hit.

Best place in Chandler to get vegetarian or vegan food.
And now they also have Raw options!
The owner, Sasha is fabulous, and she is always creating something new.
The food is fabulous and everyone is so friendly.

I'm completely obligated to support vegan-friendly businesses so I went to 24 Carrots.
It was definitely only a 3 star place.
The high school kids working behind the counter were super enthusiastic but not very knowledgeable.
I mean that I'm glad I do my vegan research.
$10 for a Vegan BLT.
Vegan Bacon was tasty and house-made not the typical Fakin' Bacon standby.
Thank god.
Bread wasn't toasted, unfortunately, so I could taste how mediocre it was.
Other than that, the sandwich was pretty dry and I ended up tossing half of it.
The side carrots were haphazardly thrown in my to-go container but a welcome and cute addition.
I wish that I could have tried a smoothie but after the expensive sandwich, I couldn't justify it.
I hate to say it, but I left 24 Carrots craving something more.
I'll give it one more chance - I'll order a smoothie next time.
It's impossible to not love a peanut butter/banana soy protein shake, right?

What a great place!
Sasha and her staff are great people who were more than welcoming!
We were in town on vacation checking out the area and they helped to make a great impression.
They even occupied our son so we could eat!
It was amazing.
Chandler has really friendly, wonderful people and this place is a perfect example of that.
I cant wait to go back!

I have a lot of health issues and a very limited diet.
Trying to stay alkaline, and keeping raw, I have found many delectable options.
My first visit, I tried the raw chile rellano, then the raw coconut curry spring rolls which were PHENOMENAL!
I also got to try a raw vanilla cupcake with coconut strawberry frosting.
This is currently my favorite raw food venue.

Take 3?
In the middle of a craptastic day, I decided to order my lunch ahead, since I wasn't going to have time eat out.
Hoping to get a 4 star  meal from 24 Carrots, I placed my order online, and as directed by the site, I arrived promptly 30 minutes later to pick it up.
I had a to wait a few minutes in line, but once it was my turn, I was disappointed to hear that my lunch wasn't ready.
I was told that there was a big party that came in before me and the kitchen got behind but my order would be ready in 5 minutes.
She offered me a bite size chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting, which was fantastic!
At that point I thought things were starting to look up.
About 15 minutes later, I am told they had some confusion on my order and needed clarification.
Almost 55 minutes after I placed my order it was ready.
Unfortunately I had a meeting at 1PM, so their delay caused me to have to leave my sandwich to get soggy in Aioli.
When I finally got to eating my lunch, I was disappointed to see that they forgot the cucumber on the sandwich, and the avocado and pomegranate in my salad.
I don't mind spending almost $11 on a  1/2 sandwich and side salad, but don't forget to give me all the ingredients!
All in all, what I received tasted good, and would have probably tasted better if I was able to eat it fresh, not an hour after it was made.

The staff at 24 are really sweet and give great recommendation.
I had the raw nori rolls they were a 4/5.
Quite gArlicy but the lemonade with ginger wad so good.
They r such a small restaurant, not fancy at all.
Go for lunch thou not din.

I am going to update my review since the owner sent me a nice little message and explained the reason for the microwaves.
I totally respect the amount of work she puts into her food everyday, and I really appreciated that she took the time to explain all of her cooking processes and limitations in her kitchen.
I also appreciate how kind she was about it.
I have seen posts from owners from other restaurants bashing customers for having an opinon.
Its refreshing to see an owner who does the exact opposite.
Knowing now that the microwaves are used only to boil water I feel better knowing that what I ate was not cooked in the microwave.
I will definaly be back to try out all of your other breakfast dishes!
4/26/11  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  I came in here really wanting to love this place.
I am always looking for more vegan places to eat because my ultimate goal is to go completely vegan sometime in the near future.
We came in at around 8:30 on Saturday morning.
That is one thing I have to say about their Saturday hours.
Everywhere except their Facebook page says they open at 11 on Saturdays, and even the sign outside of the store says they open at 11, but they actually open at 8 on Saturdays.
We might have been the first people in there because of this.
And nobody came in after us until about 9:15.
Maybe people are confused about the hours?
I don't know.
But from the reviews on this place I expected it to be jumping.
I know every time I go to Pomegranate Cafe this early its packed.
So maybe update your website and sign out front?
Just a suggestion.
Anyways, so we walked in and ordered.
I got the vegan eggs benedict, and my husband got the tofu scramble and one of the smoothies.
So we sit down and wait for our food to come out.
Now I don't want to be picky, but this is one of the things I notice when I walk into a place.
Its small, yes.
That doesn't bother me.
It just didn't feel clean to me.
Most of the tables had stuff all over them and weren't cleaned right.
There was dust all over everything.
And a giant dead mosquito watched me pretty much my entire breakfast from the window where he was caught in a spiders web.
For a place this size, there really shouldn't be any reason why it was a dirty as it was.
Maybe that doesn't bother some people, but I was put off by all of the dust.
The other thing I noticed that really bugged me, is how many times I heard them open and close the microwave.
Aren't restaurants supposed to use pots and pans?
I don't think I heard the sound of a pot clanging one time.
And I have stopped going to restaurants in the past because I found out they use microwaves.
If I want to use a microwave, I'll go home and cook myself.
I didn't come here to pay ten dollars for breakfast, for it to be made entirely in the microwave.
Honestly, I would rather wait an hour for breakfast so it can be made on the stove, than to have it done in ten minutes out of a microwave.
So after about 15 to 20 minutes our food comes out.
It is a lot more than I thought it was going to be.
I had two pieces of toast with four pieces of tofu bacon, then topped with two tofu "eggs" with avocado and garlic aoli.
It was served with a salad and fresh fruit.
The salad was a little odd for breakfast, but it tasted good.
I liked the dressing and sunflower seeds.
I really liked the eggs benedict.
It had a good flavor and even for as much food as it was I ate everything on my plate.
My husband also liked his scrambled tofu which came with toast and jam, fresh fruit and two pieces of tofu bacon.
For ten dollars you really do get what you pay for.
I really want to come back here because I did like the food, however I don't know that I will knowing how much they do use the microwave.
Maybe some people don't care about that, but I do.
Perhaps, I will just have to come back and try their raw options.
But really, get rid of the microwave!

If you're looking for vegetarian restaurants in Phoenix that are also vegan-friendly, you're gonna love 24 Carrots Juice Bar & Cafe.
Read my recommendation: http://directory.veganish.org/vegetarian-restaurants-in-phoenix-24-carrots/

Hello everyone!
Ok, here we go.
I have to admit that I am going to struggle with this review because I had such a great experience my first time and i wanted to enjoy again, but?
I have been thinking over the last couple of hours about how i could just not say anything and let it go but i cannot.
After all i do say what is on my mind even if people do not like it.
All I wanted was what I had the last time, an tofu scramble sandwhich with blt and siracha.
At the time of placing the order I was told the tofu scramble now comes with cranberries mixed in.
Not so good.
(In a conversation with Sasha about this review I have been informed that the "egg salad" which is actually a different kind of tofu scramble is the one that comes with cranberries, not the tofu scramble which comes with sauteed veggies.
Being vegan I regard "egg salad" as "tofu scramble" which is what was on my original sandwhich which I mentioned with very high regard in my first review.
This sandwhich is available and is delicious.
I have agreed to update my review because of this information and am sorry for any misunderstanding.
I have changed my star rating from 1 to 2 stars, however the remainder of this review will remain unchanged)  So i move on and decided to split a burger w/ the wifster.
All is ok.
I will try something new, and save some calories too.
Her decision   Veggie Masala Burger  Spice Infused Veggie Burger, Romaine, Tomato, Cucumber, Red Onion, Cheddar topped with a Jalapeno Cilantro Pesto, plus bacon,minus cheese, Veronica style,w/pineapple carrot slaw.
$9.95 plus$1.50 for 2 slices of bacon.
Total bill w/tip $15.00  Last time the "homemade" bacon was unfricken believable.
By far the best I had ever had.
Thick, chewy, kinda crunchy, yum.
So i beg and plead for them to show me how to do this, or at least give me some pointers and i got the resounding and very hob nobby "UH- no".
And even this is ok, I understand that they wish to keep thier secret.
I am here to tell you that todays bacon was not even close to last time.
thin and soggy with no flavor.
kinda like, Morningstar Farms in looks and taste.
Far from "homemade".
On to the burger.
Gross man!
Could not even finish it!
Cannot even describe that flavor but E double UU!
I did not taste ANY jalapeno cilantro pesto at all.
And yes I know what this tastes like I make it for a pizza sauce at home.
Super dry and crumbly.
All i could taste was cinnamon.
Even my wife had a hard time finishing hers.
The pineapple carrot salad was not my favorite.
I only hope the ton of white stuff mixed into it was Veganaise.
What happened to a good ol dill pickle.
Sorry just not my fav, and for $15.00 clams my expectations are higher.
I left so hungry I had to get a Clif bar at Trader Joes so I at least could make it home.
"I came all the way from Maricopa for this" is what I believe I spat out of my mouth when I got in the car afterward.
Serverly dissapointing!
Review time!
Curbage: 10 (love it) P factor: I dunno, but all is very clean and this is awesome Ordering; 10 (quick) Waiting time: 9 ( much faster this time) Food: 3 (Nice try just gross man) Food Value: -10 (couldnt even finish half of a $15 dollar burger Summary: 5 ( I am on the fence today, kinda dont know to sum it up so I have to ponder further, and hope that next time will be better.
)  I want 24 carrots to work for me bad.
It represents most of what I am looking for i a restaurant meal.
Today unfortunately did not, and with the changes that I saw on the new menu, I am unsure of returning, therefore I have to give only 1 star today quite simply because I could not even finish one half of an overpriced vegan burger.
Sorry 24 Carrots todays meal just does not cut it for me.
Late   Gordo  ps I will keep 24 carrots on my Best Vegan Eats for now but.....

I love this place.
I had the raw green papaya salad and it was amazing.
I love how they use local ingredients in everything.
Will definitely be back :)

I love this place  I go to it every time I'm in Chandler.
Fresh food, friendly people and a gem of a find in a strip mall.

I'm pretty disappointed in myself for not reviewing 24 Carrots.
Every time I've gone, I've had the best service!
The employees already know my name, they make suggestions from the menu, and make sure you're happy.
They like to experiment in the kitchen (as opposed to me, in the bedroom) and will bring out things they are working on.
Beet Balls.
Cake Balls.
Yeah, they make a lot of balls.
Score!
The last time I went, I had the grilled cheese.
To die for!!!!
This is a vegetarian restaurant, with vegan options.
You can get regular cheese if you want.
I always get a blueberry smoothie.
Large.
Yummy & good for the kidney!
Bring your laptop, as there is free wifi.
There is no more perfect place to work.
Believe me.

Hands down, the best juice bare and cafe you will find in the East Valley.
Everything from the juices, homemade granola, lunches and desserts are spot-on....and I usually don't like Vegan food!
:)   Keep up the great work!

We agree with all those who say Sasha is wonderful.
We travel frequently on business and we try to find juice bars wherever we go.
In Phoenix they are very limited and this is a good one.
Sasha went out of her way to make sure we had our juices the way we wanted them and having just finished a trade show, we were very grateful.
They were tasty, too!
Drinking green juices and smoothies really makes a difference in our health so again, very grateful.

If you are looking for something healthy, vegetarian, vegan, or even raw this is the place to go!
it has something to satisfy everyones needs and flavour to boot!
if you are a big meat eater, this is the place to try.
Seriously.
It will change your mind about eating vegetarian or raw.
All the meals are bursting with flavour, and the portion size is good.
The price of this place is also on-par with what you get.
If you are looking for fresh, farmers market quality stuff, 24 carrots is the place to go!
I drive 30 minutes just to eat lunch here.
Wish more of these places would pop up!
Atmosphere is very inviting.
It's very Portland/Coffee shop feel with a nice lounge area and books to read while eating.
They also have some kids toys for the little ones which is a nice touch!
I have eaten at a few veg friendly places in the valley and 24 Carrots is the best!
Oh- and I see they have new hours.
They'll be open for dinner now which is great!
Next thing I'm hoping for is delivery!

I'd heard good things about the place from a couple of people so I wanted to give it a try and I wasn't disappointed.
Nice vibe in the place, friendly people and tasty food!
I went with the intention of picking something up over my lunch hour but I ended up making a new friend and we sat and talked about food.
I believe it was the owner up front, she was friendly and passionate about the place.
I went with the 1/2 Mediterranean veggie sammy and 1/2 Wanted Panda salad (they were out of the Mediterranean bean salad).
The sammy was plump full of fresh & tasty veggies, homemade hummus on a nice toasty grain bread.
The salad was big and also very fresh, loved the tangy/sweet dressing - with a proper serving size of about 2 Tbsp THANK YOU!
(hate having a nice salad dripping with 1/3 cup of gooey dressing)    I thought both items had a nice amount of flavor and the veggies tasted like they'd spent a good amount of time in the earth as they should.
I finished off with a Cliffs of Dover fruit juice blend, was a little sweeter than I expected but that was just fine with my sweet tooth.
$15 total for my lunch, and I was full & satisfied for the entire afternoon.
My new friend went with the falafel burger and it looked so good, nice and moist and she loved the sauce.
Another customer asked her what it was because it looked so tasty.
I'd just made falafel the day before or I'd have gone with it - oh well, next time.
The other burgers sound great too!
I noticed some reviews commenting about 24C being out of different things, as they were when I went.
With a varied daily menu with fresh ingredients its hard to anticipate so I don't fault them for that.
I'll definitely be back again.
Yes it's a bit pricy, takes a little longer and the food might be a little different each time.
And thats fine by me.
This place reminded me why we don't like chains and delicious food and great conversation go so well together.

The food here is wonderful and I am never disappointed!
The owners are so friendly and the food is soooo flavorful.
I was also happy to learn that they cater!
I loved the vegan eggs benedict and the chicken salad sandwich is delicious.
One time I had a tomato soup that was to die for.
I am so happy to have stumbled upon this restaurant and plan on spreading the word!

Went there yesterday and loved the caprese salad with mozzarella, tomatoes, mixed greens, and pesto dressing.
Delicious!
And they are always so incredibly friendly here.
A little pricey but worth it because you can be sure you are eating healthy food made with high-quality, ingredients many of which are locally grown and/or organic.

NOTE: This review is only about the smoothies/juices  Sadly I really wanted to like this place, because I've been looking for a decent local juice bar...and I apparently still have yet to find a good one!
I decided to order 2 juices.
but couldn't find one that screamed ginger (I love ginger), so I asked the girl behind the counter what she would recommend and she mentioned that they can add ginger to any of the drinks.
I decided to get the Pucker Up!
and Berry Me Alive, both with ginger.
I was hoping to get a small to try, but the size didn't seem worth it for $4.50 plus extra for ginger, so I got both in a medium size.
The Pucker Up did make my lips pucker but not in a good way.
It was bland and sour and I could feel my stomach acids churning.
The Berry Me Alive tasted like a cup of frozen berries.
Yes, I know frozen fruits are practical in such places, but I've never had berries that tasted so lack-luster.
Also, I don't know how much ginger I get for 50 cents, but it wasn't enough because I couldn't even taste it.
For 2 medium drinks plus ginger, the total can to about $13.
So not worth it!
Don't plan to ever waste my money here.
I'll just drive to Thrive in Gilbert for now.

I had expected from a place that specialized in them.
We ordered brunch items, and they were good, but quite over priced in my opinion.
We spent $75 for breakfast for my little family of four.
I would say our meal was worth about half that.
It took over 45 minutes for our food to be served after we ordered.
The server wasn't very friendly our helpful.
Overall, we were excited to try this place, but in the end we were quite disappointed and we won't be visiting again.

The aprons the staff wear look like they have never been washed...I'm not sure how clean or well run this establishment is...hmmm.
I also ordered two smoothies and they ran out of the proper size cups, so my large smoothie went into two small cups; a bit annoying.
I also the prices to be expensive.

I worked down the street from this place for years and finally went in because I was doing a detox and needed a fresh fruit drink.
Much to my surprise they have a huge menu with great food, drinks, baked goods, and desserts.
I never walk away from this place with a heavy feeling and I know that I am eating much better.
They only use fruits and veggies that are in season so be open to trying new things.
They always have a veggie burger special and make sure you get there early before it sells out.
My favorite is the fruity almond toast and pumpkin pie smoothie.
Make sure you go to happy hour between the hours 2-5 Monday through Friday when the drinks are 1/2 price.

The juice was great.
I had a large size of Berry Bom Pomp (or something like that..lol) and a Veggie Masala Burger.
It was great and fresh.
I paid about $20.
It was quite pricy for a burger and a drink.
I might go back if I really want to find a comfort food with a very comfort place without concern about the price.
The environment was very cozy.
They have quite lots of books and novels to read.
You can sit and read the books in there with a hot coffee and cookies:).
Hmm...very nice.

I used to frequent several of the vegetarian/vegan/raw/organic establishments in NYC and now back in Arizona, I was hoping to find comparable fare.
Let me say that this place holds a candle to absolutely all of the places I had been to in NYC, and without the inflated prices and ostentation I had encountered out east.
Nutritionally conscious Arizonans should consider themselves lucky to have an establishment like this which provides foods sourced locally, ethically, organically, and most importantly for me, THAT TASTE OH SO GOOD.
The food here is just straight blissful---whether you're a meat-eater, vegetarian, vegan, raw-curious, any of the above--they really make an effort to appeal to all of the palates, I noticed.
The tastes and colors are so vibrant and every dish I had was done with care and craftsmanship.
Everything came together on the dishes; nothing seemed to clash--a sign that there is a good deal of culinary ingenuity behind the restaurant concept.
I oftentimes wonder why people even need meat or dairy when vegan food can be made to taste this irresistible.
So far I have had the Juevos Rancheros, the Smoked Bacon BLT, their house veggie burger, and a special of the day, an enchilada dish.
I honestly don't understand any of the negative reviews; they seem trifling and unsubstantial.
Recognize the overarching reality that you are getting some of the very best quality nutrition possible prepared sooo yummily.
To me, that's all that matters.
Like I said, I would recommend this just as enthusiastically as some of the best vegan/vegetarian/raw/organic establishments in NYC, and that's saying something.
I salute you 24 carrots, and I wish you luck in your continued awesome output of cuisine.
Count on me to be a regular!
Note: Being a tall male, I have a voracious appetite and sometimes I will order two dishes, but I have no problem with this.
People have different requirements and I don't criticize their portions as being meager.
They are appropriately sized portions.

Place is hippie, almost too much so.
The dining room and bathroom need cleaning.
Otherwise the juices are tasty and made fresh, there is also amazing art on the walls.

OK, food was great!
I'm very happy that almost anything can be made either gluten-free or vegan.
In fact, I had the enchilada black bean burger made vegan and GF, it was DELISH!
I can tell they make their own GF bread, it wasn't gritty or anything, very good.
It was a little messy to eat, but I managed without having to use my fork.
;D  Now, the juices, on the other hand, leave a little something to be wanting.....  On the menu, I ordered a lemonade (I can't remember the name, it was Indian or something) anyways, the description was "ginger lemonade with Indian Spices".
The thing is, when I read "lemonade" my brain associates that word with a sweet drink.
THIS.
WAS.
NOT.
SWEET.
My drink was PURE lemon with a hint of ginger, with floating peices of lemon seeds.
Talk about lip-pucker!!!
Now, don't get me wrong...
I see the potential, so I actually took it home, strained out the seeds, and added unfiltered apple juice.
It was......better.
So, I would suggest either changing the drink description from "lemonade" to "lemon juice", or, just change the recipe to make it sweet (and notice, I say "sweet" and not "sweeter")  I will be back, if not for the juices, definitely for the food (kinda weird, considering this is a JUICE bar...).
I wouldn't mind trying a smoothie, or maybe I'll just buy an Izze next time, haha.

I am a big fan....For 2012 I am going to really try to eat healthier so I will be in here more often.
The food is always tasty and unique.
I love the happy hour because drinks are half priced.

After a long hike we found this place on yelp.
We arrived during happy hour, great prices!!!
Delicious choices good for both us and the environment.

I have eaten here a few times and I have to say I love their juice bar options.
Sasha is awesome in that she knows the particular things that particular people like.. ie, she has an array of smoothie add-ins (wheatgrass, veggie protein, etc).
I would say the only complaint is that both times I've ordered to-go here, it's taken forever (even for a smoothie).. so I've resorted to just calling way ahead.
Her sandwiches are big and are wholesome and have interesting mixes and only once have I had an issue (I had expired carrots), but that was just once and the other times I've had no issue.
I've seen her with farmer's market bags of produce, so I know she gets her produce as local as possible.
The decor is very relaxing and invites you to hang out a bit longer.
A few times she's been in the kitchen running her mixer and pops out with some dessert topping or filling she's making that she'd like us to try and tell her what we think of them - they've always been good.. especially because she has to be creative to make them vegan and tasty.
Her to-go containers are all compostable and she is very cautious about re-use in her dining utensils (ie.
no styrofoam or plastic cutlery).
I support this establishment because they are commited to whole food, customer satisfaction, and the environment... and she makes Hella good desserts, smoothies, and big yummy sandwiches.

I absolutely LOVE this place!!!
The food is out of this world and the atmosphere is perfection.
Be advised, this is not a fast food joint.
Everything is like home made using fresh ingredients FULL of the good stuff!!!
The pastries are incredible, the menu is AWESOME and the juices and smoothies are BEYOND fantastic.
If you're looking for an ice cream based juice/smoothie bar, this is probably not the place for you.
If there were 10 stars available to rate this place, THAT is the rating I would give.

This place has such delicious foods.
They are fresh, healthy and I wish there was a location in CA.
I love their smoothies and the fact that the have other milk options such as almond and rice, is just wonderful.
I got the spring rolls today...delish!
I eat here every time I'm in town.

Two vegans and two vegetarians waltzed into 24 carrots at about 7 p.m., chattering about facetious things - colleges, boys, clothes, food.
After one look at the menu, they fell silent, faces scrunched in determination, attempting to narrow down the plethora of options before them.
To make matters worse (but actually better), breakfast was served all day, so between the lunch, specials, juices, smoothies, baked goods, and breakfast... the selection seemed virtually endless.
Our cashier/server was polite and incredibly patient as we asked a large number of unnecessary questions, frantically attempting to rationalize our menu-oriented decisions.
After about 10 minutes had passed, I was still torn between the french toast and the BLT, so we agreed to order the french toast as an appetizer for the table.
Thank the flying spaghetti monster we did.
This may win the 'best classic french toast that ever was' award, vegan or not.
It tastes like a cross between brioche and challah (butter bread and egg bread?
), so I'm rather befuddled in regards to how they achieved that consistency, sans butter or eggs.
Whatever, it's probably best I just stuff my mouth full of fresh fruit and warm, maple-y french toast and don't ask questions, anyway.
The BLT ended up being satisfactory, but from what I read online, I was expecting more.
I don't remember tasting onions, avocado, cucumber, or aioli, so if it was there somewhere...
I missed it.
My friend disliked her tofu breakfast burrito, and I found it somewhat bland myself, but we brought it home and my boyfriend ate the entire thing in five minutes flat.
However, quinoa tabooli was delicious, as was the tikka masala we received after our meal (thanks, Sasha, you rock!).
Ethnic food is definitely a go at 24 Carrots.
For dessert, we shared a chocolate cake doughnut.
It didn't stay together like a real cake doughnut, but it was much better than one... more like a ring of dense, chocolate cake.
We also had the pleasure of trying an experimental raw cheesecake.
It tasted a lot like chia seed-y, vanilla bean panna cotta with a bottom layer of delicious crust.
Needless to say, everyone loved it (thanks, Daniel, you rock!
) We also may have donated a dollar to charity in exchange for a mini chocolate cupcake.
All worth it.
On the whole, unless you LOVE tofu, I recommend the sweet breakfast options.
The one thing that's disappointing about this menu is that the entire savory selection of breakfast is tofu-based.
However, with options like homemade granola, french toast, and maca oatmeal, I think I'll survive.
Top that off with an awesome, relaxed atmosphere and the most amiable staff around, and you've got an all-around pleasant experience.
I'll definitely have try 24 Carrots again... something tells me I won't get a full feel for the place until maybe my 35th visit, which I have no problem with.

This place is awesome.
Arizona is lucky to have such a great vegan dining option.
We could use a local in TX.
The end!

I have never had an over-the-top and deliciously decadent breakfast that doesn't leave me feeling guilty, nauseated or sleepy afterwards.... until now.
Victory was delivered in the form of carrot cake pancakes.
They are, for lack of better terminology, the bee's knees.
The butterfly's shins.
The wasp's ankles.
You get the idea.
Two fluffy pancakes studded with thick carrot ribbons, spices, and a delicious dose of sweetness independent of the maple syrup and fresh fruit they were served with.
These are better than carrot cake... and I don't consider too many things in this world better than carrot cake.
On a very mildly unpleasant note, one cake was slightly undercooked in the middle.
However, I have no fear of vegan pancake batter and proceeded to shove the entire thing in my mouth anyway.
I washed that down with a "field of greens" juice (it tastes like it has the power to cure hundreds of ailments), and deemed myself full and satisfied.
Then, I noticed a little sliver of pie sitting in the fridge.
Just a sad, single sliver.
I had to inquire.. it looked so lonesome.
Turns out it was chocolate caramel turtle pie.
Vegan, raw, gluten-free, chocolate caramel turtle pie with a nut crust, salted caramel sauce, pepitas and pecans on top.
I don't need to explain what happened next, just know that it was beautiful.
Worth every one of the 650 pennies I shelled out for it.
It's been seven hours since I've eaten and I'm still not hungry.
With the quality ingredients that 24 Carrots puts into all their dishes, it's no surprise that juice, two pancakes and half a slice of pie has sustained me until dinnertime.
Oh, 24 Carrots, your wholesome goodness will surely lure me in again soon.

When I first went raw I was worried it meant that I would never eat out again so you can imagine my excitement when I found out about 24 Carrots.
I went for Raw Wednesday (although I believe they have a raw option everyday) and had the "Cheese Burger.
" It was so delicious that I ended up ordering the other raw option on the menu to take home for dinner.
The atmosphere was casual and welcoming and the staff was willing and able to answer all of my questions.
This is one you should add to your list whether you are raw or not!

I thought this place was great!
Had the Arizona bowl which was sooo yummy!
It's a cute, but small place and the wait to get your food is long, but worth it!
Will definitely be back!

24 Carrots is a wonderful place for smoothies (pina colada is wonderful), juices, raw and vegan foods.
The staff is funny , smart and know how to make the yummiest dishes.
The ONLY thing is... the windows are dirty.
I mean streaked and gross.
Please clean them.
You serve wonderful clean food, clean the windows.

This was probably the best vegan breakfast I've ever had, or at the very least it is tied with some of the "famous" vegan places I've been to in Portland and Seattle.
First of all, it's obvious that 24 Carrots started off as a juice bar.
They use all local produce when they can and have thought up some delicious combinations.
I had something off the menu that the owner recommended.
I believe the main ingredients were kale, cucumber, and pineapple, and it was very very good.
I also noticed on the menu that there are some very unique add-ins for juices and smoothies such as herbs like fenugreek and turmeric.
The chocolate coconut french toast was divine.
It was cooked to perfection and topped with just the right amount of coconut cream, dried coconut, chocolate chips, and strawberries so that it was decadent but not overly done.
Even the strawberries and oranges that garnished the plate were juicy and organic.
As a vegan I typically don't eat imitation meat - it weirds me out a little bit.
But after learning that their "bacon" is made from tofu that they make in-house, season, bake, and then grill to order, I just had to try it.
I was never a huge fan of bacon pre-veg anyway, so I didn't really have any expectations.
It had a great flavor and was actually quite good.
If imitation meat was my thing, I would be all about this stuff.
The owner did say it is a huge seller for them.
If I lived in Phoenix I would be a regular at this place so that I could try everything on the menu.
Everything sounded so good!
The owner was also very sweet and I chatted with her quite a bit.
I'm so glad I went, and it was definitely worth every penny.

5-star food, 1-star speed.
plan to wait for a long time, but it's totally worth it.
the food is fresh, healthy and delicious.
gluten-free carrot cake pancakes were bomb, but the owner literally had to mill the gf flour.
worth it dot com, but it takes awhile.
just sayin.

Wow, where to start where to start.
after completing culinary school I realize the challenge in cooking vegan, its very easy to over season or under season items.
The owner seems to have vegan cooking down pat.
I have stopped by twice in the past week spending way more than I planned on spending simply because I was tempted into testing out the flavors offered.
As an example......
Her bacon..... She first makes Tofu from scratch, then cuts thin slices, bakes those slices, then finishes on a grill with some seasoning, it doesn't necessarily taste like bacon, but the taste is intense and delicious.
The juice bar is also very extensive (some items are not even on the menu like my favorite... the Grinia Colada....) The Grinia Colada has got a handful of greens juiced alongside a few fruits coconut milk and lime.
Mindblowing!
If you are looking for a spot to fill up without the guilty, "I should run a 5k after this meal," feeling, stop by 24 carrots.

Love their smoothies (Ultimate recovery-my fave!
) and juices (field of greens)  Happy hour= 1/2 off drinks.
My kids who roll their eyes at the thought of eating vegan, love their vegan burgers, and quesadillas.
Great tasting food, healthy, and great service.
Food is made from scratch...this is not fast food, so expect a small wait.
Food that you can feel good about eating.

So, since my last visit with the awful lemonade, the owner actually contacted me through yelp to get me to try the Nimbu Pani one more time on the house, insisting it was made wrong.
(AWESOME customer service!
)  I went back for round two.
She was right.
MUUUUUUCHOOOOO better!
It was actually sweet this time (she also informed me that she made sure all of her employees know how to make it properly too) They only thing that was a little weird were the whole cumin seeds in the drink....I just couldn't get past that.
but, it was EXCELLENT as long as I didn't chew the seeds......
While I was there I ordered the soup of the day.....vegan (of course) potato leek soup......I hate to say it, but it really wasn't good.
I didn't know it was a cold soup....had I known, I probably would have ordered something else (I think potatoes with aromatics are just mean to be eaten warm....it's just hard to stomache otherwise) This is the only reason I'm not changing my rating to 5 stars.
However, I know they have other deslicous menu options that I will be happy to go back and have in the future.
And THANKS for making me try the lemonade again!!

Fresh juice - so fresh & crisp!
Great sandwiches with amazing bread.
And the hummus - so yummy with carrots!
Loved the vegan BLT - love love love!!!
Great service - very friendly and answered all of our questions.
Also loved the water with fruit.
Will most definitely be headed back to 24 Carrots again soon.

They don't serve coffee here, and they were extremely nice about it.
If you're getting food and/or tea, go here instead of the nearby Starbucks.

Love this place!
Everything is super fresh and the owner supports local growers.
Its a nice place to just chill too.

Went back again yesterday and had their mango limeade special - it was perfectly cold, tangy, and sweet on a hot summer day.
It's easy to see why 24C is doing well.
The people like working there and it shows in the atmosphere and quality of their food & drinks!
Keep up the good work!

RUDE EMPLOYEE!!!!!
I went into this juice bar one morning in a hurry.
First impression, EXPENSIVE for a juice and you needed glasses to read the tiny written menu.
The smoothie I ordered was $7.50 (quite a lot I would say).
I ordered from the girl standing behind the counter, then the phone rang.
She proceeded to take the call to discuss daily sales and how much the shop was making each day with the person on the other line.
She did not apologize or excuse herself while taking this call.
As I waited she walked around cleaning things up while on the phone.
(No, not starting to make my smoothie, just talking on the phone about how much money the place is making, REALLY?
) The person with me never got to order, we both walked out, no time in my day for that.
Better tell that owner they just lost 2 smoothie sales that day and possible repeat customers.

While I found everything to be satisfying, it wasn't very memorable.
The only real problem is that they don't serve coffee.
They are not allowed to because they are next to a Starbuks.
That's some b/s on the part of Starbucks, but nonetheless, I wouldn't put a breakfast spot next to one.

This place has very friendly service and a wide selection of vegan food including several raw vegan options.
I've had all the raw vegan entrees and they are all good.

I love this place but the service is incredibly slow.
Like mind-numbingly slow.
I took my sister there for a "quick bite to eat".
It took nearly 30 minutes to get two smoothies and one quesadilla out to our table.
It looked like there were 3 people working (1 in the front running the register and 2 in the kitchen).
The smoothies were delicious but the guy making them was eating bits of fruit while he was dropping the ingredients into the blender for our smoothies....I was a bit concerned.
The quesadilla was amazing but it just took forever.
The first time we went was just as slow as the second time.
So I don't see the service time improving but the food is still good.
I always think about going there but I just never like having to allot extra time for waiting around forever.
It always seems like the people calling in their orders get priority service.
Maybe that's the way to go?
I'll have to try that out sometime.
During our last visit a person called and placed a phone order just as we sat down at our table.
Before our food was ready she had time to drive down to the restaurant, her food order was prepped, cooked and boxed, then she came in to pay and left....all before we ate.
:( I don't know how much food she had ordered but they gave her a big bag.

Good food -- delicious, actually.
Slooooow service -- I was the only customer and it still took 20 minutes to bring my order.
I'm guessing there's an attitude issue in the kitchen.
Or maybe it starts at the top, because their website doesn't offer any option for sending in feedback.
If it had, I'd have sent this directly to the management instead of posting it here.

Visiting from out of town and found this place by searching 'Vegan' on yelp.
I'm in heaven!
Ordered a carrot / pomegranate / kale / cucumber juice and it was delicious.
The owner is super friendly.
We're here a few more days and will be back to try some of the food.

Met some friends for dinner here, great food.
Very creative and lots of choices on the menu.
Nice staff, great experience.

This place is awesome.
Raw and vegan BUT tons of non-soy options!!
Sasha and her staff are always accommodating to my specific food allergies and every meal is fresh and delicious.
Sometimes it's a bit slow to come out and that's because its all fresh!
Worth the wait in my opinion.
I luv this place!
GMO-FREE.

I've been here a couple times now and I think it's fantastic.
I had an enchilada burger and I had me some "bacon" the last time I was here, both times to much satisfaction.
Dude, one time my girlfriend ordered "eggs" benedict, and it even had a runny yolk and everything.
The lady who runs this place is a fuckin' magician with vegan food.
So, so delicious.

Really amazing food.
Fantastic fresh juices and smoothies.
And the service is very personable and great.
The staff are always welcoming, friendly and helpful.

Worst thing about this place is that it's 20+ miles from my home.
Wish they were in North Scottsdale :)  Food is amazing.
They're really magicians with the various veggie products they use.
Presentations of plates is excellent.
Portions are large.
The place is nothing to look at and not a lot of seating but sure worth going for some terrific vegetarian and vegan food.
They're moving soon and will be a little further north but they need to move another 20 miles for this to be one of my regular haunts for lunch and dinner.
YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This place is wonderful!
I am not a vegan, but if I was it would probably be the only place I would ever eat!
I went in and ordered a juice (carrot apple orange).
It was fresh and delicious, but I am dying to come back here to try their food though.
Everything on the menu looks really yummy and the place has such a laid back atmosphere.
I am from Chicago and places like this usually get a bad rep for being super snotty and judgmental, but the servers are friendly and not afraid to strike up a conversation.
The only thing this place is missing is great hours.
I am a teacher and I would LOVE to be able to order a fresh juice in the morning instead of my usual Starbucks coffee which never comes the way I order it, but they open so late that's a definite no.
They also aren't open late either so after school is out of the question if I decide to stay late.
Come on 24 Carrots!!
Extend those hours!!

"Quite possibly the best food I have ever eaten.
"  That was the phrase that came out of my husbands mouth-and boy do I agree.
We are not vegans or vegetarians, just folks in search of whole foods that are made with healthy organic ingredients.
Based on the reviews, we tried it last Sunday and WOW.
I can't imagine anything tastier.
That is, until we went back on Friday.
We had the quesadillas and the pizza and hummus.
We were truly blown away.
Yes, it takes a while, but the food is MADE FROM HAND there on the spot.
Healthy, organic delicious ingredients!
I will wait for that ANY DAY!
We can't wait to go back.
Sasha changes her menu weekly based on what she finds at the local farmers markets.
We will be back, and back, and back and back.
Did I mention we will be back?
:)  Do not miss out, try this place TOMORROW!

Friendly service and incredible, healthy food!
I was driving through Chandler on business and was looking for a non-chain restaurant to grab a quick bite.
They were kind and welcoming, passing out smoothie samples and asking how my falafal burger was (very good.
) They revamp the menu every week based on what fresh ingredients they've bought at the local Phoenix farmers markets.
I was they had a location in L.A.

I love the food here and I crave it often.
Usually, I order 2 items because I can't decide between the new, delicious menu items that rotate each week.
The juices are great and I love the "happy hour" they have from 2-5 on some days of the week.
They use local, fresh ingredients from nearby farms.
However, the service is incredibly slow.
Generally, there are only two people working: one person running the register, answering the phone, and making juices, and another person making ALL of the orders in the back.
Even when the restaurant is almost dead, I wait for over 30 minutes for a to-go order.
One time, the girl behind the counter answered some questions about the menu for me and ended up recommending an item.
When my order was up 30 minutes later, it was a totally different dish.
She said I never ordered the other one - even though she recommended it to me!
Then they told me they were out of the ingredients for the dish I ordered.
I wasn't even upset about that - I know that they order fresh ingredients from local farms and they are bound to run out of something.
But, I was there for over 45 minutes waiting for a simple raw dish.
The owner was very nice, but the service was slow and she wasn't behind the counter helping, she was closing out for the day and working on her computer.
Meanwhile, people were waiting a ridiculously long time for their food.

I'll start by saying I haven't eaten here yet, but I have picked up some of their green juice drinks which have always been awesome!
Love their Field of Greens drink - not bitter, not sweet, Just riiiight!
I always forget about this place except when I'm thinking of where I can get an awesome juice drink.
I saw someone order their tofuizo (tofu chirizo) and I was going to order one had I not had a bizillion things to do today.
I'm coming back and I hope they have the tofuizo next time I'm there(getting hungry thinking about it now)

Loved this place!
Great food!
Great flavors!
Will be back when I get to that side of town.

Good yummy healthy vegan food!

I am absolutely blown away by the high reviews this place has.
The service is horrible!
They usually only have one person taking orders AND then doing the food prep.
You would think that they would hire maybe 2 people?!
I have gone there 4 times thinking it must just be bad timing and I really wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt,  but this last time was the last for sure.
While we sat waiting an hour for our lunch, we noticed on the table next to ours was a cockroach happily dining on a dirty table.
When I told the owner she just  laughed it off an blamed Subway next door.
Ewww!
The food is "ok".
Definitely not worth the wait and definitely not worth the bugs.
Check their inspection report on Maricopa.gov

First off, you have to have patience and keep in mind that they make their food and drinks fresh.
I absolutely loved my first experience there.
I ordered the Arizona Bowl and the Pb&b.
I didn't even mind the wait because I was fascinated by the cute seating area they have with their collection of books and board games you can play.
It's so cute, I want to sit in there all day.
They're also extremely nice!
When I got home and took the first bite of my food, I then scarfed it all down and was sad to see it gone.
It was sooooo good.
I am not even vegan, but i want to start eating much more vegan food.
They make it so easy and enjoyable to eat healthy.
They definitely got another returning customer.

I had the Quinoa Salad today and it was great.
Don't go if you are in a hurry.
The service is relaxed like the atmosphere in the restaurant.
I love finding fresh, gluten free food and was not disappointed.

this is definitely my favorite vegetarian place near phoenix.
it's 20 minutes from my house, but it's well worth the drive.
the food is fresh, and although it will take a bit of time to make (if you get something hot), it's worth it.
the smoothies are also to die for... i usually get the strawberry fields forever with a protein boost.
in addition, i would recommend getting the arizona bowl or the eggs benedict, i love them.
however, if you want to be daring... they have a daily menu on a board.

This review has been a long time comin'.
I've been a regular off and on for the six or so years this place has been open and I'm just now getting around to sharing with the world about the amazingness of 24 Carrots.
Good thing other Yelpers were more on the ball than I was.
I've watched this place grow from having a small handful of smoothies, juices, and teas to having a full fledged menu offering breakfast, lunch, dinner, and everything in between while keeping the original drink menu and even expanding on it.
What a perfect example of a local business success story!
I cannot speak for the food as I have yet to try any of it, but I can attest that no matter what you get for a smoothie, you cannot go wrong.
My personal favorite is the Peachy Keene with a scoop of whey protein added in (which you can do for any smoothie for $1 extra).
The uniquely amazing thing about how they prepare their smoothies is that they use frozen fruits, which eliminates the need for ice or ice cream to make the drink cold and in turn makes it much more flavorful.
They're always thick, and you always get some leftover fruit on the bottom that didn't quite get mixed in with the rest very well, but hey at least you have a bit of a snack!
Like others have pointed out, this place has a very laid back atmosphere so don't come here if you are in a big hurry.
Everything is prepared fresh and there's usually only about one or two people doing the work, so you'll be waiting about 10-15 minutes depending on what you order.
But don't fret, it's completely worth it if you have the time.

I really want to like this place, but truthfully i'm not sure it's worth the wait and the money.
I've been here quite a few times, but my past experience may be the last.
My frustration mostly arises from stopping by at 2:30 on mother's day for some juice.
The place was packed, but mostly from people waiting for their lunch.
I saw a lot of angry customers waiting more than an hour for their food.
My mom decided she didn't want to wait for food and we both order juices.
IT TOOK 30 minutes for the juice.
JUST JUICE!!
The lady making our juice didn't look like she had a clue how to make the juice in the proper portions, tossing veggies and fruits in there like an experiment!
It took her 3 times to get it right with her wasting time running back and forth to the back to grab more veggies.
Not only does this NOT make sense, but it's a HUGE waste of time.
Plus the veggies did not look washed at all.
First of all, get a formula down so workers know just about how many veggies go into a drink.
Second of all, keep them somewhere close to the juicer!
DUH!!!
During our wait we saw MANY frustrated customers, complaining they received the wrong orders, or things were missing, and asking why their food was taking so long.
People, the food is pretty good, but not worth a 2 hour wait.
In this day and age, time is crucial when considering where to go grab a meal.
24 carrots really needs to figure out a way to maximize the time or motivate workers, because honestly I was frustrated by their staff.
No organization, and streamlining the food and juice making process needs to happen.
By the time we got our juices, I really didn't even enjoy it.
The time and money we wasted waiting, sweating--does their AC work at all??
--was just not worth it.
Sorry 24 carrots.
I've given you 3 chances.
I'm not looking to be disappointed any further.

Delicious vegan and vegetarian food.
By no means am I either one, but I love vegetables.
I had the spicy almond cheese stuffed peppers and the hummus appetizer.
Both were amazing, also the pita bread they use is some of the best I have ever had.
Plus I love how they get  their ingredients fresh from local sources.

The black Forrest mushroom quesadilla was one of the best tasting items I have had in a long time anywhere.
As for my other dish it was decent but I am just not the biggest fan of "raw" food.
Despite the name this place is much more of a cafe than a juice bar as they have solid food and not just snacks.
Each dish is $10-13 a bit pricey for what it is but this seems to be the going rate for local veg cuisine.
As for the food I had the "ravioli, which was really beat slices with a creamy vegan sauce and some salad.
It was good and a bit rich which is surprising as it was raw, for me the flavors were not varied enough.
We also had the aforementioned quesadilla which was amazing large chunks of sauteed mushrooms and a few other items in a green tortilla.
Now if they could just be open for dinner.

DELICIOUS!
I have been a vegetarian for over 20 years, and it is nice to finally see so many vegetarian/vegan restaurants sprouting up all over the valley.
I ordered green juice (I forget the name) and mushroom quesedillas.
They were very tasty with fantastic texture and flavor that just popped in your mouth.
The owner of 24 Carrots goes around the valley each week talking to different local farmers to see what products they have.
Their products are the epitome of locally grown, which I really appreciate.
The food is a bit pricey, but I am willing to pay a bit more for local, organic, healthy food.
My one complaint was the noise.
Of course, I have accepted the sad reality that noisy restaurants are "in," with their glass and stone surfaces and nothing to buffer the noise.
However, because smoothies are so popular at 24 Carrots, there was an almost constant din of blender in the background.
I would suggest that they make the smoothies in the back kitchen to cut down the noise.

I'm not a Vegetarian or a Vegan, but this place is delicious, fresh, and gets local produce for their products.
My favorite is the Voodoo Cooler.
Apple, Grape, Cucumber, Celery, Carrot, Beet, Lime, and secret ingredient .
Dragon Sauce!
Sinus drain much?
Also, their Vegan cupcakes are pretty kickass!
24 Carrots sponsored Phoenix's Take Back The Night Rally and March this past March, and our volunteer crew was able to sample mini versions of them.
Give this place a go!

I wish I could give 0 stars.
24 Carrots is a nightmare from the second you walk in.
Look anywhere and you will see filth; from the half-inch of dust on the fan blades to the garbage scraps covering the kitchen floor to the apartment-sized electric griddle where all food is cooked to the single spatula that is scraped on the griddle and then laid straight on a table in a pile of food carnage.
Aside from all of this, the person who helped us did not know the menu and used his computer 4 times as a reference while making our juice.
Understaffed, inefficient, dirty, poorly managed, slow:  just don't go here for your own health and sanity.
Literally, I thought I was on a prank show and could not believe what was happening was actually happening.

The food here is so amazing.

When you first walk in, you see nothing but the two juice menu blackboards (smoothies on one tablet, fruit and veggie juices on the next) on the wall.
The owner told me they do EVERYTHING out of a freaking microwave and toaster oven, since the place merely started out as a juice bar.
While I knew I wanted to try a veggie juice, it was kind of hard to choose.
Mainly because it still had a large amount of fruit, I chose the Voodoo Child juice.
Its contents included: apple, carrot, grape, cucumber, celery, beet, lime and Dragon Sauce.
Honestly, I had no idea what Dragon Sauce was, but ordered the juice anyways.
Well, Dragon Sauce is actually a very spicy hot sauce ha.
At least the cashier let me know about it before they put it in my drink.
Initially I wasn't sure what to think.
It was warm and I'm used to cold juices, so that took a few sips to get into the groove.
However, the more I drank, the more I enjoyed my fruit and veggie juice!
It was refreshing and light and tart all at the same time.
Something I will definitely come back for!
While a little on the expensive side, I felt good about splurging on something healthy while also supporting a local eco-friendly business.
And I will come back; there are so many juices I am curious to try!

One Word sums up this place- AMAZING!!!
I don't care if you are a carnivore or a vegan this place has something for everyone and everything is DELISH!!
It does take a little longer than most places but its worth it.
Small and quaint with simple ambiance, but a little gem that offers a nice variety and daily specials - Also, their RAW desserts are insanely good and good for you!

If you are vegetarian coz you actually like veggies, this is the place for you.
You can actually taste the vegetables.
And the food is fantastic.
It rivals True Foods and is priced much better.
Sasha is such a friendly person, loved talking to her.
And if you cant tolerate vegetables and have given up hope, this is the place for you !
They actually promote local, organic and healthy eating.
They conduct events like classes from time to time.
I have had the pleasure of attending a class as well.
http://livingthegradlife.com/2013/09/18/cooking-with-sasha-of-24-carrots/  Amazing food and philosophy !

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Everything I have ordered here has been great!
Plus I I LOVE the juices and smoothies.
Sometimes, I have had to wait 15-20 minutes for a juice or smoothie, but it's because they were busy.
I've tried so many delicious things here.
Love it!

So I decided to give 24 Carrots another try since the first time I had gone there I left without ordering due to the rude attitude of the workers.
I ordered a hummus plate to go.
Simple enough.
When the menu says "seasonal veggies" I assume it means not veggies I receive with my chicken wings (I got carrots, cucumbers and celery).
When I received my food before I even touched the box I asked if they could switch the cucumbers and celery for more carrots since I dislike them.
They said no.
So I figured I could overlook that as long as the hummus was good.
I got home and realized the "pita bread" was nothing more then cracker wafers.
And the big kicker is the hummus tasted like bland baby food.
I called to complain and the manager, Amanda, proceeded to tell me I was wrong because their hummus is the most popular thing there and that the pita bread was lavosh bread.
I worked in customer service for a long time so this really pissed me off.
The proper thing to do would be to offer for me to come back and then replace it with something that might have more of what I was looking for flavor-wise.
I had just had a great workout and wanted some fresh, flavorful food to eat for lunch.
I will never go back to this restaurant, which is sad because I really do enjoy eating healthy and I have also advised my friends to avoid this place as well and to head to Pomegranate Cafe instead.
At least that place has friendly staff, better food and they won't have to wait an hour for their food.

Best place to grab a quick snack!
Or come in and sit down for a nice meal in a calm relaxing environment.
Sasha and Amanda are amazing!
Amanda is one of the best vegan/vegetarian chefs EVER!!
They are always helpful in picking out new items to try and have new items every week!

I've been here twice at the new Guadalupe location.
The first time I came during lunch and ordered the voodoo cooler and a veggie burger.
I know the voodoo cooler had a mix of veggies, but only one I know for sure in there were beets because of the beautiful red color.
I've tried beets before, for some of my home-made juices, and I just can't get past that dirt taste.
This one was great tasting though.
Just the right amount of veggies and that dragon sauce gave it a great kick.
Unfortunately, I was really disappointed in my veggie burger, I thought it was tasteless and when it cooled down it became even worse.
I'm not really a big fan of dishes that pretend to be meat because I know I'm always expecting that burger taste when I know I won't be getting it.
So I'll blame myself for ordering that dish.
I went back again one morning and ordered a green juice and a quinoa and oatmeal dish.
I never thought of quinoa as a breakfast dish but it was really really good!
It was a hot meal garnished with strawberry slices and the flavor was amazing!
The green juice was also really good and the service is very pleasant.
I know I'll be back and sticking to dishes that do not pretend to be meat.

I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but this place is AWESOME!
They have very creative vegan dishes.
You won't miss the meat or cheese.
The produce they use is fresh and crisp.
The service is a bit slow but it's worth the wait!
Great breakfast burritos!

