I love Tropical Smoothie Cafe, especially the one on LVB.
Go during the day and a nice older man actually stands at the door, opening it for people coming and going.
Customer service right at the door.
The counter staff have always been polite.
I even once got a free smoothie just because.
I usually get either the Hawaiian Breeze or Orange Passion smoothies.
The only gripe I have is that it can take a while, but it's worth the wait.
A great treat especially during these hot summers.
Expect to pay close to five bucks for a smoothie.
They also have a substantial food menu.
Get a sandwich or wrap or even just a cookie if you want a snack.
Oh, and this location also recently went 24-hours.
I should stop by after work one of these nights.

Some good wraps and quick grab food choices, but the real winner at this cafe is the wide variety of healthy smoothies.
They also run great promotions and discounts for all the locals in town so they get some extra love.

My husband and I love this place!
We started out with the smoothies (delicious) and sandwiches (very good- but the wraps are better) but we've come mainly for the unspoken stars- the wraps- are the best.
I've tried others like the thai wrap and the buffalo chicken wrap, but our favorites are: cordon bleu wrap and jamaican jerk chicken- we split it and we split the smoothie too.
You get the best of both worlds using our strategy.
This is by far, my favorite place for wraps.
I would love gift cards to this place!
We've been to two other locations (w. charleston and e. russell) but lately we've been coming to this one the most.
The service is always good here.
There is a Happy Hour promotion on weekdays only at all locations.
And don't forget National Flip Flop Day- done for charity, and is just around the corner.

I am reviewing this place based on nutritional information only and I am going to be honest, I have never eaten here before.
However, since I am currently studying Nutrition, I was interested in trying it out after seeing multiple commercials for it and how they claim that their smoothies and food are "healthy".
Not sure if anyone has ever checked up on their nutritional information, but this place is deceiving!
Everything on their menu is not just bad for you, it is absolutely horrific when it comes to nutritional value!
Most of the smoothies and dishes are really high in calories, fat, saturated fat, and carbs.
Not to mention the worst of all in their menu items - sodium.
One of their wraps has over 2700mg of sodium - that is over double the amount of recommended daily intake of sodium you should have per day.
I know some people aren't worried about the nutritional value, because it's just that good and they love this place (I am the same way about many places and foods!
haha), but for the people who are interested in this place just for the "healthy" options, I would definitely steer clear!

I love going to this place during my late night facades, why?
Because it's open 24hrs!
Now I'm not much of a smoothie fan, the only one I seem to order is banana.
Although, I did get to try the Citrus Iced Green Tea Matcha and it was pretty good.
The things I recommend here are there wraps!
I'm so in love with the buffalo chicken wrap, I have to have it like every other time.
It's sooooo good especially when served right off the press.
It's stuffed with light ranch, buffalo sauce, chicken, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese wrapped into white wrap.
Can you say delicious?
Yes, it is indeed.
Every other wrap is ok, nothing to brag about.
I did try the thai-chicken one.
Ok, that one....was a killer.
I was not impressed.
The flavors were mediocre, I suggest you stay away from that one if you're looking to eat the wraps section.
I like the atmosphere of the place, the people are nice and it's never crowded.
Parking's always available, and there's not hassle if you wanna do take out.
The only thing that gets me here, is the price.
But I guess for a well stuffed wrap, the price is all right.

My friend Daniel turned me on to coming here.
The smoothies are fantastic and the wraps and salads are awesome too.
My faves are the Thai Chicken salad and the Peanut Paradise smoothie.
Yummmmm.
This is also my favorite location for the simple fact that its 24/7.

Better then Jamba Juice!
(Unsure if there are even Jamba Juices in Vegas) My husband and I had some time to kill before our trip back home.
We were just cruising in our rental car and found this cafe along a small strip mall.
What the hell, might as well drink a smoothie!!
Parking was easy.
Menu was very clear and had many options for whatever you are in the mood for.
I ordered the Sunset sunrise that was truly heaven in my mouth.
My husband shared the drink with me, but secretly I wanted it all for myself.
The drink is also considered one of the "healthier" options which is a A+ for me!!
Will I be back?
You can bet on that!
(Only when visiting Vegas!

I'm a Tropical Smoothie addict!!!
I literally crave a smoothie every day now and sometimes go twice a day!
I like this location the best though because of the staff.
I stop by this location at 2 or 3 in the morning after I get off work and there's a certain gentleman who usually serves me who is very nice.
I love that it's open 24hrs (except Sunday night).
My favorite smoothies are Bahama Mama (w/rasp, no straw), Sunrise Sunset (w/rasp, no straw), Blimey Limey (w/rasp, no straw) and Tropi Colada (w/mango, no banana).
Their food is healthy but most of all delicious.
My favorites are the Cordon Bleu wrap and the Cranberry Walnut Chicken Salad.

This place is amazing!
The food (salads) here are great and the smoothies are amazing.
I wish they had more sizes, just one size for a smoothie?
It's okay though because they have low calorie options so it totally justifies the large one-size option you are given here!
;-)  I like this location, also the one at Green-Valley and Red Rock.
I've tried a lot of smooties and I can't pick one favorite, they are all dreamy.

WHERE: South Las Vegas Blvd, in the Las Vegas Premium Outlets plaza!!
WHEN: Now open 24 hours!
WHY: Smoothies are always perfect here!
WHAT: My mom and I were out shopping today, and we got a text message saying that certain Tropical Smoothies were having a promotion (Buy 2 smoothies for the price of 1 for Memorial Day!).
It was a fairly hot day, so we decide to grab a couple smoothies.
My 3-star rating is for the customer service I received.
When it was my turn to order, I mentioned that I had received the text so I wanted to redeem it.
The cashier just said "ok" and looked at me as I made my order.
I just felt uneasy because there was no ENTHUSIASM!
Another thing was, he didn't ask for my ID!
When we received our smoothies, they were exactly how I liked them!!
To conclude, THE SMOOTHIES MAKE UP FOR THE SERVICE!

LOVE LOVE LOOOOVE Smoothies and this is just a perfect place for my cravings of sweet wholesomeness.
I've tried almost all the smoothies but I am a classic and I love Jetty Punch which is bananas and strawberries.
I love getting an Island combo where you choose two out of half a salad, half sandwich, soup and or smoothie!
Their smoothies are pretty big so this half sandwich with my smoothie is awesome.
I tried to get dairy-free yogurt on the smoothies with yogurt in them once and was told that I couldn't... which surprised me because my vegan friend gets it every time.
I don't know whats going on there so you'll have to check that out yourself.
But they have plenty vegan options to choose from that is all fruit or dessert smoothies like chocolate and peanut butter ones.
Here are my faves:  SMOOTHIES -  Jetty Punch™, Peaches' N Silk™, Immune Blast™, Very Berry Green Tea™, Tropi-Colada™, Peanut Butter Cup™  SALADS - Southwest Chicken™, Cranberry Walnut Chicken Salad™  WRAPS- Veggie Veggie™  FLAT BREADS -  Peanut Butter Banana Crunch™, Mediterranean Veggie™   ENJOY!!

I come here out of convenience, since Jamba Juice is a bit of a drive.
I find their smoothies to just be "OK".
They do the job, but its definitely not top quality in my opinion.
Their smoothies are so "ice-y" where every sip I take, I feel like I'm chewing on ice bits.
There are people who like that, though, but not me.
I also find some of the smoothies are watered down, and not very flavorful.
I prefer Jamba Juice, where the smoothies are smooth, thick, creamy and delicious.

It was a hot one this past weekend & we were in the area when we spotted this joint.
Certainly, a smoothie can chill these warm bones...right?
The wife got the Peaches' N Silk & I got the Island Fever...
Both were very tasty but my Island Fever was absolutely delish.
My wife looked saddened that I was enjoying mine much more than she was enjoying hers.
Neener neener neee...ner!
As for the Café itself...the staff was pleasant & helpful.
The counter tops, table tops & floors seemed spotless.
Thanks for readin'...deez® out!

I'm a fan!
Order online and it's even faster.
They have breakfast food and smoothies now.
You can go online and download the menu, as well as, the nutritional facts.
Ordered my food online, drove to pick it up, paid, and it was already ready.
Me =Happy healthy girl :)  ps-people are super friendly

My every Friday morning joint.
The smoothies are great and the breakfast sandwiches are amazing.

Pretty good location and it's open 24 hours.
What more can you ask for!
The service is pretty good and I've never had any complaint with any of the drinks I've purchased here.
I don't usually eat when I'm here, but I'm a fan of most of their smoothie.
I've had their wraps at other locations and love them, but never tried them at this particular location.
Definitely a convenient joint when I'm in the area and in need of a boost.
Another plus is that I was able to utilize my Entertainment book coupons here as well.
Too bad it doesn't have a drive thru.

Favorite smoothie: Blue Lagoon.
I don't know, I like blueberries and it's the only one I keep going back to.
It also may be the only one I've tried.
I've never gotten a bad smoothie from this location.
Perfect consistency, I like chewing on my smoothies so I would ask for it to be a little icy.
I am also subscribed to their texting thing and it is like xmas morning if and when I wake up to a text from them.
They vary but the best one by far is 99 cent smoothies.
they pick the flavor but it helps expand your tastebuds and get you out of a rut.
Their flatbreads are also yum.

Best smoothies in Vegas hands down!

With the heat going on, any frozen smoothie drink will taste good!
I ordered the Mango Magic smoothie, and it somewhat tastes like Orange Julius' signature drinks, but better since it's thicker & stays cold longer!

good smothies.
nice and clean location and staff was nice.
Kiwi Quencher is great.

I must say I was impressed with the food.
Simple but really good stuff.
I got the flatbread pesto chicken and it was super tasty.
Its a good simple lunch and was light on the wallet.

Amazing value for a lunch or snack on the strip.
In a city of over-priced EVERYTHING, I was happy to find Tropical Smoothie Cafe to fuel me for one afternoon.
The line was long and there were only 2 guys working (alternating the cash register and taking orders, and then respectively making the smoothies and the sandwiches), but the wait wasn't atrocious.
I got the meal deal where I got a flat bread (which, honestly, wasn't that great), with a large smoothie and bag of chips for something like $2 extra.
A huge bargain considering a smoothie individually is $4+.

If I were strictly reviewing their smoothies, I'd give them 5 stars all the way.
I used to be a big Jamba Juice fan, but Tropical Smoothie just tastes better and much fresher.
I went in today to pick up lunch.
It's always the same super nice guy working and he somehow remembers my name even though I haven't been in there in a long time.
It was slow, so there wasn't a wait.
I ordered the combo, which includes food, a smoothie and chips.
I got the buffalo chicken wrap and the acai berry smoothie.
The wrap was disappointing, but my smoothie was delicious, which more than made up for it.
It was about $11 total.
Next time, I'll just stick to the smoothie, which is really a lunch within itself!

My friend was craving this place and was shocked I never heard of this place.
Well, if I was from here, I'd probably know about it.
Anyway, we got the food with the smoothie deal for $6.99.
My friend and I got the Chipotle Chicken Flatbread.
It looked just like the picture and it tasted pretty good.
I also got the Sunny Day smoothie and my friend got the Kiwi Quencher smoothie; both tasted good, but I liked my drink more.
My friend liked his more because he doesn't like bananas.

Jamba juice......NEVER AGAIN........at least when I'm in Vegas.
This place is soooooo much better than Jamba Juice or any other smoothie place that I've ever been to and best of all the staff is friendly and helps you with their menu (and speak english!).
I only wish there was a Tropical Smoothie in the SF bay area.

First time I went to this location and I am never going back.
I ordered two smoothies and one of them wasn't filled all the way compared to the other one (the other one was filled to the brim)!
It was like ordering two sandwiches and receiving one sandwich with half a bun.
I felt like I did not get my money's worth as there was a 2.5-inch waste of volume they could have filled.
Also,  I was careless enough to not check that they correctly stamped enough spots on the stamp card (gives you a free item after the ninth stamp).
They only gave me one stamp even though I ordered three items.
My fault for not correcting them.
However, I felt screwed over from just one visit.
Not coming back to this location.
The one on 215 and Jones is better.

Quick always friendly always make my smoothies correctly.

Great place to get a healthy smoothie in Vegas!

island green my favorite!

It's been years since I've been to Tropical Smoothie.
The smoothie (Paradise Point Smoothie) was awesome!
I ordered Chicken Pesto Flatbread and I wasn't impressed.
The bread was extremely dry and the chicken was very bland.
I didn't finish my meal.
I don't see myself going back to Tropical Smoothie.

Always delivers on taste.
Staff is friendly and this particular location is 24-hours so if you want a non-Starbucks study spot or if you're craving a smoothie late at night....this is your spot.
My usual: I'm typically there in the morning.
I love my Triple Berry Oat smoothie and usually grab one of their bargain breakfast wraps as well.
One should note, comparing this place to Jamba Juice is a bit misleading since they are inherently different.
Tropical sticks to making smoothies comprised mainly of fruits and ice...whereas Jamba often include dairy ingredients into their drinks.
Additionally, while Tropical Smoothie does have a fairly sizable amount of calories in their drinks....they aren't the calorie-bombs that some of Jamba's selection are known to be.

Meatless meat for vegans!
Amazing!
Sam is fantastic.
Sweet girl!
She's knowledgeable of the menu and I love that about businesses, employees who are great at customer service and knowledgeable!
Great job Sam!

Love trop smoothie but I don't like this one !
Whenever I go there late night they don't have food, or they are short staffed and can only do smoothies.
Either don't open up 24/7 or staff correctly.
I'm sticking to the one on eastern or on rainbow .
Las Vegas blvd get ur stuff together

Good - open 24 hours Bad -   The music was angry just like the employee.
My smoothie was made wrong and he tried charging me to fix it after speaking down to me.
Go to Town Square instead!

Tried out this smoothie place the other day and loved it!
I had the berry blitz and personally I enjoyed it better than a Jamba Juice!
The customer service was great as well.
Greeted me professionally and I didn't have to wait long at all.
Conveniently this place is on the way to work, so I will definitely make this stop often!
-Joseph

I always go to this one because it's closest to my house and work.
I LOVE that it's open 24 hours because then I can satisfy my midnight cravings.
My all time favorite is the Island green.
It has healthy ingredients in it yet tastes super delicious.
My other favorite is the mango magic.
If you love mangos you'll love this one.
Everyone is always super nice and your drink is made quickly.
Love to go there and study or just chill with friends.
One of my favorite spots :)

Absolutely love love love Tropical Smoothie!
WIth this particular location, it being open 24 hours is a definite plus.
My usual: a chicken pesto and a Peaches N' Silk (Peaches, Strawberries, and Bananas).
Trying the chicken pesto is an absolute MUST!
I fell in love and get it whenever I'm back in town.
The Peaches N' Silk is a great smoothie if you're looking for something fruity.
If you're looking for an occasional "indulgent" smoothie, I recommend the beach bum (strawberries, bananas and chocolate).
It's a nice balance of everything that's included.
Minus 1 star for this this particular location only because the last couple of times I've gone, the employees just don't seem very happy to be there!
And that's fine, but it unfortunately translated in a slopping chicken pesto.
:( But of course it was still good!

Well, the smoothies almost healthy.
But I think there isn't much kale and spinach and a Ton of sugar.

I'm a fan of smoothies, and Tropical Smoothie makes an excellent smoothie.
This location is on my way to work, and I love the fact that I can call to order as I'm leaving the house and my smoothie is ready for me when I walk in the door.

I like the idea of smoothies but I generally feel that Tropical Smootie Cafe misses the mark.
Some locations are really slow, some shops have dirty lobbies some have crummy drive throughs.
However, all of their food is loaded with sugar, or if its not, it tastes like it is.
The sauce on the Thai chicken wrap was SO SWEET.
For the record, this is their best location in Las Vegas.
The girl who helped us was super nice.
Super.

I have recently been going to Tropical Smoothie more often than I ever thought I would.
I do like the turkey bacon sandwich and of course some of the smoothies are very good.
I especially like the strawberry Lemonade smoothie.
My only complaint is that it's expensive.
Paying nearly $5 for a smoothie is ridiculous.
I know a few places that sell similar for less.
It's cheaper if you buy the smoothie as part of a combo.

I always go here every week and so is my husband almost every morning, but today i went in to get a smoothie and just had a horrible experience.
As soon as I get in the counter, all saleslady are chatting and this lady by the name Vicky an african american came at counter without even smiling or a greeting, i look at her and said I want an early bird and a sunny day, she said is that it?
I was like give me a minute, then she was irritated and sighed cos maybe she has to wait a couple seconds for my order then she goes like "are you ok?
" with a tone on her voice, i was like yeah im ok and she goes like well you dont look ok, then she walked out of the counter and said can "somebody get her order.
She got an attitude".
I was so shocked.
Please if you work in a customer service field, love your job and dont treat customers like that

