I really know nothing about cars.
So when it comes to getting an oil change or something else done I basically just stop at whatever catches my eye.
I was running errands in the area of Trop and Rainbow when I stumbled upon this Meineke.
I've had issues with Meineke in the past, but I was pleasantly surprised with this location.
They had no problem fitting me in for an oil change/tire inspection, etc.
They also topped off my fluids.
I know that's basic but you'd be surprised at the lack of service at other auto repair shops.
They even had the air filter my car needed, which I had a hard time finding elsewhere.
The staff is very nice and the waiting room was clean and inviting with plenty of reading material.
I was in and out of there in under an hour and will definitely return once I reach another 3K on my odometer.

Honesty is not something I find very often in Vegas and especially when it comes to car repairs.
But I found it this morning.
I was sure I needed brakes.
Tried to go to Just Brakes, (another story) left there, tried to find someone else to help me.
Went to Meinke.
they diagnosed the car in about 20 minutes, called us over, explained everything.
Guess what I do not need brakes.
WooHoo.
I was so impressed with being told the truth and not ripped off.
Thank you Meinke!!

I have brought my car in several times thinking it was something huge.
Each time it's a minor repair and they never take advantage of me.
I always ask for an air filter but they only replace it when needed.
Today I told them my budget and they worked with it.
When I arrived they were  $200 below my budget!
They never want to do services that aren't needed just to replace it and scam me for money.
Daniel is fantastic!
This shop will be my shop till I'm too old to drive.

I went to get an oil change for my car because I had a coupon.
The service was good and the oil change got done pretty quick.
The coupon price was good and they didn't try to jack up the price like this other place I went to.
(I'm never going to that other place again.
)   They said I needed to change my air filter and my windshield wipers.
So I changed my air filters but I didn't replace my windshield wipers.
I figured it's still good and I don't have any problems with it.
If I ever need it to be changed I'll probably go back to this place to change it.
It cost $10 per windshield wiper and it's a fairly good price.

I like Meineke because of the honesty.
Honesty is hard to come by with car repairs, especially if you're a woman who doesn't have the man support to go with you!
The several times I've been here, twice I was saved by a little do-it-yourself advice.
They provide you with self-research first, something I've never experienced at any other car repair shop.
Unless it's a major malfunction, they will tell you what you need to do before you bring it in for repair.
If what they suggested does't work, they're friendly and efficient to take your car in to get the job done.
Wonderful staff, are clear cut and to the chase with the explanations and problems.

Meineke, I hope I don't ever have to return.
I honestly feel like with my experience here, the staff SEEMS nice but they really just want your money.
I guess you might find that at any auto repair shop but let me share with you my experience.
I first took my car at another Meineke closer to my home and they said my tires needed balancing.
I took their advice even though I had not felt anything wrong with my car.
I figured that they were the experts so I should have them fix that for me.
A day after when I drove on the freeway, my steering wheel was out of control shaking, along with my car... apparently, my tires were off balance AFTER the job.
What a rip.
They fixed it for free, (as they should of considering i paid them to balance it) but with some major attitude.
Moving onward, a couple months later to the Meineke on Rainbow.
My water pump had broken unexpectedly and my boyfriend and I needed to find a auto repair shop asap.
It was about 5pm and most places were closing soon, and luckily (or so I thought) we were able to pull up to a Meineke before they closed up.
We were so grateful when they said they would keep my car in their garage over the weekend and call me promptly monday morning once they've looked at it.
Apparently, I needed 820.00 in repairs (go figure, labor is ridiculous).
I let him go ahead and fix it and we picked it up the day after.
From this point I was extremely pleased with the service and felt I initally wrongfull judged the company as a whole.
When I took it home it seemed to be driving pretty well, until I had to go to a job interview.
My car shut off and shut back on out of nowhere.
I was freaking out when it finally just shut off all together and wouldnt start.
When I called Meineke to ask what to do, and told them I had an interview, the guy on the other side of the phone was SO rude to me and was like "uh.. well..." and then procceeded to tell me that they offer a towing service for $60.00.
I said okay, and I told him where I was and asked if it was the same price for any location.
When I did he said "Oh, wooww" in a rude tone as well.
Finally two nice men helped push my car on the side of the road and miraculously, it started up again.
I was hoping this wouldnt happen again but it did.
And yet again, I had to have someone help push me on the side of the road and I called my boyfriend to help.
We opened the hood and there it was.
They were too lazy to screw the black wire connector to my battery back on.
I was heated!
I was so stressed out about getting to my interview and to and from work, and all of this could have easily been prevented had they taken their time.
The guy who worked on my car even told me he did a full inspection before giving it back to us.. my ass!
I won't be returning.
They are too overpriced, fake, and I have had bad service the two times I have used them.

I found coupons on the Las Vegas Meineke website for basic, premium and supreme oil change packages.
All of these packages included *oil & filter.
I have a 2009 Volkswagen GTI which needs a special oil filter.
So I asked if they have that filter, the man said no but he can order it.
I then told him I can pick it up from the VW dealership for $14.95 trying to make it quicker and easier for the both of us but he misunderstood and said "I don't know how much it costs thats what I'm telling you.
" I simply said, "No I'm telling you I can pick it up.
" Then asked if I can get the Basic Oil Change, upgrade to synthetic oil and how much would that be.
NOW keep in mind on  the website it says $19.95 for a Basic oil change & $59.95 for a Supreme oil change that INCLUDES the oil and filter.
So he told me for synthetic its $63 and some change.
I said, "This is the cost of the oil change even if I purchase my own oil filter??..
And there is a coupon for $10 off SYNTHETIC OIL **applies to Basic, Preferred, & Supreme Packages.
So can I use this coupon to apply to my oil change?
" He said NO.
I said, "So your telling me you won't accommodate me for purchasing my own oil filter and you wont upgrade a package to using synthetic oil and I cannot use the $10 off coupon for synthetic oil?
" So I would have to pay for a regular synthetic oil change $63 + oil filter $14.95 and cannot use any coupons from the site.
MADE NO SENSE!!!!!!!!!!
Don't have coupons if certain companies will NOT apply or don't be rude to potential customer that found a deal and was willing to go out of their way to help get this done.
Then I called Jiffy Lube asked if I could use the $15 off oil change w/ synthetic oil.
They already had my filter and said the coupon would apply.
So $56.98 TOTAL!

I love Meineke because of the honesty of all of the mechanics, their wonderful attitude and how well they take care of me.
My headlight wasn't working and it just turned out to be a loose wire and they didn't even charge me.
The two times I have brought my car, it was been a great experience.

The guys here were great.
I needed an oil change and smog check, at first he said they couldn't do smog bc their machine was being upgraded.
I still went for the oil change and with my coupon they checked the tires, filter etc preferred oil for $29.95.
While I waited they told me they could do the smog, balanced my tires and didn't wait longer than 30 minutes.
They checked my brakes too and said everything looked good.
The free wifi let me do some work while I waited too.
Overall good experience, convenient and honest.

These guys did a great job and I really like them.
I bought high end OEM brakes and rotors for my BMW, but was threatened by my better half that if I put them on she will never ride in the car again.
Great...  $200 out the window!
Most brake shops penalize you for buying your own parts (which I highly recommend because you save a small fortune on parts and get MUCH higher quality!
) but these guys did them for the basic $80 front, $80 back, no questions asked.
I was quite worried that they would try to convince me that I bought the wrong part or 'their adapter' is needed like a lot of places, but this was quick and easy.
My brakes had a slight grind initially and they caught it on the test drive.
The tech that installed them was quite worried and showed a lot of pride in his work.
Thankfully it was just a new brake, new rotor issue and within 30 miles it was gone.
I was very impressed by them and will be back in the future.
They are all incredibly friendly and very honest.
I went on Black Friday and was in and out (with trouble shooting) in about an hour.
Good job, guys!

This place is awesome.
The service was fast and both mechanics explained some of the processess relating to the wear and tear on my vehicle.

Scammers- Took a my car in and they quoted me $1900 for struts and a motor mount.
Told them no thanks.
They couldn't answer any of my questions with logical answers so I took it elsewhere.
I took my car to another mechanic today and EVERYTHING they said was wrong with my car was perfectly fine.
Motor mounts were not cracked, struts were fine.
A small cracked boot was causing a noise I heard.
These guys will rip you off and are not honest mechanics.
Take your business elsewhere.
They almost took $1900 from me for nothing.
What a joke.

Meineke has gained my trust, making me a life long customer.
First off, lets just say, my brakes were.. BAD!
I'm talking metal on metal, all after only three days of hearing them "squeak".
I was refereed to Meineke by a friend, saying, "They don't BS you, they tell you like it is, and let you know what needs to be fixed..now.
" That's exactly what they did.
Tony, the manager, was straight to the point and extremely courteous.
He showed me exactly what needed to be fixed, and let me know what they were going to do to fix it.
I was expecting a huge estimate, just because I know how expensive brakes can be to repair.
The estimate was 1/2 of what I was expecting.
I was shocked, thinking to myself, "well I have all this "extra" money, I wonder if I should get more done?!".
It was a nice change of pace, compared to how i'm usually telling mechanics, "no, I don't need new wind shield wipers, no I don't need you to do an all around hose, and belt replacement, etc.."  Thanks to the service professionals at Meineke, I left with perfect brakes, a little extra cash in my wallet, and a new understanding that, not EVERYBODY is out to rip me off.

No.
Just no.
I found their advertisement/coupons in the mail and they had a 50% off coupon for brakes so I thought sure..why not give them a try?
I'm just going to keep this short and straight to the point.
The total cost for my two front brakes plus rotors were $375.
I don't know sh*t about cars and car parts so I was like yeah yeah sure...I'll just pay for this.
Later on, I asked my parents plus acquantences and they all said I paid too much.
50% off brakes my a$$.

I went here initially just to change my brake fluid.
Out of curiosity, I asked if they could tell me why my car made the sound of a dying whale whenever I let off the brakes.
So the guy tells me the problem with that is I need new brake drums.
I was actually happy to finally be getting this fixed.
And then I drove away.
My car now shakes whenever I hit the brakes.
Never has it done that before.
My admitted mistake was not turning right back around, but I had shit to do.
So time passes, and the shaking has subsided a bit.
But it was still bothering me, and I finally had a minute to take it back to have them check on it, as the man politely offered if I had any problems.
The main thing I have to point out on my second (and last) visit to this place was the (same) guy's attitude, which I felt the second I walked in.
Before I even said a word to him, I knew that I was not going to leave happy.
I explained my problem, and he took my car back and said I need new rotors.
Wow, now how did I know they would tell me it was something completely unrelated to the work they did before?
I must be god damn psychic.
I also wondered why there was no mention of this last time.
I was told everything was fine.
Needless to say, I said no thanks.
He didn't offer me a deal, and certainly no sympathy.
Just your average mechanic attitude that I've dealt with many a time.
"Nothing we can do, sucker, unless you wanna shell out more money!
"   I've often wondered how shops that pull this kind of shit stay in business.
I now realize it must be all that money they make feeding off the gullible.
Right before I left, a young girl walked in.
If she had been there for anything other than a smog check, I would have told her to run away.

Found out what was causing the shaking.
Meineke put a bent drum on one of my tires.
Got it fixed elsewhere, brought the drum back here and the manager, Edward, was kind enough to offer me a refund without a fight.
That I do appreciate.
Then a couple weeks later, I go for an oil change (elsewhere) and I'm told my brake fluid is dirty and should be flushed soon...
The exact thing I went to Meineke for in the first place.
WTF.
Unbelievable.

Just went in for a basic oil change, and it was a good experience.
Friendly service, in & out in quickly, affordable (without any coupons), and no BS trying to sell extras.
Honestly, all those together seem to be a rare combination when trying to find a place to get an oil change.
The guy I dealt with at the counter was nice and the tech that came in from the shop let me know what was wrong with my car & what looked good from their quick inspection without telling me I should probably have them do this, that, and the other for a lot more $$.
The work was done quickly..even though they already had a car in the one bay that was open that day, I was out of there within half an hour of arriving.
The price was reasonable for the area..it was $24 out the door with all tax/disposal/etc included.
That's barely more than it would have costed for me to get the oil & filter and do it myself, so definitely worth it for the cost.
Bottom line, a good quick oil change at a fair price.
I'd go back.

I actually enjoy working on cars - sometimes - and know enough to realize when a mechanic is feeding me a line of BS.
If I'm not in the mood to do the repair myself, there are only a few places in Vegas I'll let work on my cars.
The dealership is one, and this Meineke is the other.
I'm sure there are other honest mechanics out there, but I haven't found them yet.
The owner of this place is hands-on and always willing to come answer questions.
He extremely sharp and he's honest.
He's always fixed just what I needed done and never tried to give me the hard up-sell for unnecessary stuff.

I went to Meineke for a while, due to one of their old mechanics being a genuinely nice guy that wanted to take care of his customers.
Work was always done faster than promised, little things were done for free, and when they spent most of a day trying to diagnose a problem, he did not charge me for the labor hours because they couldn't find the cause.
After he left, the shop became a little less friendly and I stopped experiencing the perks listed above.
After getting some repair work done on my car, the car would drift to the left or right when I would accelerate or slow down, as well as make noises when going over speed bumps or dips.
After taking the car to the shop several times, the mechanic stated that all parts from this manufacturer make noises, and that I should get an alignment to fix the drifting.
Unfortunately, both of those conclusions were inaccurate, which led me to stop coming here.
I think that for a basic oil change, these guys will get you in and out super fast at a decent price.
They still finish their work faster than they estimate.
Otherwise, I would look elsewhere for more involved auto work.

Not coming back here!
Came in for a simple oil change but, of course they found something that needed to be changed (I already expected that only because I'm a girl with Hello Kitty stickers on my car...easy target for mechanics right?!
) planned to be there for max 20min after an hour (I was the only customer in there at that time too) paid more than I thought I was gonna need but, I kinda knew that was gonna happen cz it always happens when I go there alone...what really pissed me off was when I turned my heater on on the way to work that night freaking a/c was blowing out like crazy (I guess they were checking my a/c or something who knows they never explain anything to me) n my hair was still wet n today I can feel that I'm gonna get sick for sure runny nose n headache all day...they know it's winter n they should've turn it back to heater after checking a/c they should move everything back to normal when they r done with any kind of work!
It's so annoying :( I hate being sick!

I use to go here all the time for oil changes.
They're very fast and I got out of there in decent amount of time.
I was advised by Meineke that my back brakes were at 20 percent.
I went to firestone today, and advised them that I needed brakes done on the back.
They checked the brakes for free.
And advised me that all of my brakes were in good condition none of them needed to be changed.
I won't be going back here again.

I used to go here for oil changes because it was convenient to where I lived.
Used to like it cause it seemed like an honest place.
But the last (and final) time I went there, they qouted me about $500 of repairs that I did not need...( asked a friend who knew about cars if all the things they said  that needed repair were true, my friend disagreed and I have since taken my vehicle to another place, and they have said nothing about all the "issues" that Meineke said I had!).
To top it all off, the guy at the reception desk told me  he  would give me a small discount if I brought my truck back within two days!
Really!
Like he was doing me a big favour!!!!!
Will never go here again!!!!!!!
Apparently, due to some glitch, the location I reviewed has been removed from Yelp.
So to be fair, this is not a review on the location shown....the Meinieke I am referring to is on West Tropicana Ave. and South Rainbow Blvd.

Very convenient location, friendly staff, and knowledgeable about the questions I had.
Would come back again for sure!

Total scammers.
Car was running when I took it in, almost $3000 later it's not.
An engine problem became a transmission problem.
And the GM Frank was mad we took the car back today because of course they wanted MORE money for causing more issues than they fixed.
I'll be fighting these guys in court if I have to.
STAY AWAY!

Great place.
Friendly and efficient.
Staff and Manager have lots of knowledge and do not guess what the problem might be.
Went there with a tricky error code.
They figured it out and fixed it surprisingly fast.

Great customer hospitality by D.j.
Called me up about recommendations.
I knew I needed a new air filter and that my tires were over worn, but I wanted to make sure they checked on all with the fluids.
Also, Recommended that I needed new tires.
Definitely a must, as well.
Truthful and reliable.
A/C works great!

