Good but not as good as las pupsas only bouns is the 99cent deal on thursday usual menu with salvadorian and Mexican food staff is a lot more friendly and do speak English unlike las pupsas.
So If you ever need say like 29 pupsas defintly hit this place up on Thursdays

Centro america restaurant & rincon catracho have the Best pupusas in town !
Great latin nites friday & saturday excellent service they also have web page www.bestpupusa.com to find out their locations ooo karaoke on sundays nice atmosphere!

I would come here just for their complimentary chips.
They don't give you the average basket of chips and salsa.
They give you tortilla chips that are smothered in some sort of tomato sauce concoction with crumbled cheese on top.
Just between the three of us, we had 4 baskets!
The menu has a lot of variety.
This is one of the only places in Vegas where I can find actual Honduran cuisine along with lots of other Central American dishes.
Even with all the complimentary chips we had, my mom still wanted chips and guac.
When ordering, they asked us if we wanted it Mexican style or another style that I can't remember the name of, but it included eggs.
We stuck to what we knew and ordered the Mexican style.
It was VERY fresh and the chips were nice and crisp.
I ordered 2 ceviche tostadas with a side of rice and beans.
The tostadas were too salty for my taste, so I wouldn't order that again.
The rice and beans were very good though.
My mom ordered Chile Relleno.
Her plate was HUGE because it also came with rice, beans, and chips.
She couldn't finish it all, but she enjoyed everything she did eat.
My sister ordered Sopa de Caracol.
I didn't sample any of it, but it had such a delicious aroma.
There were also very large pieces of shrimp in along, as well as slices of banana.
On top of everything we ordered in the restaurant, we also got 4 Pupusas, 2 tamales, and a sweet corn drink all to-go.
I'm not sure how much it came out to because my sister treated us out, but the meal was more than satisfying.
Tips: Monday - 99 cent Baleadas (min.
6 to-go) Tuesday - 99 cent tacos and pupusas (min.
12 to-go) Wedesday - 99 cent tamales (min.
6 to-go) Thursday - 99 cent pupusas (min.
12 to-go)

This place is pretty dang good.
I can't say I have had much but I come here for the pupusas.
I usually come here with big groups, the service hasn't been the fastest but that could be because of the size of group I have been with.
If you ask for something they will usually get it to you pretty quick though.
They give you free chips in some tomato based sauce with cheese on top like Jadira said.
If you want more just ask and they will hook you up.
The pupusas are flavorful and super cheap.
Most of them are only a $1.50.
Can't really beat that.
Well you could but they are worth the buck fifty.

Check your bill, check it twice!
We came here during the Marquez Pacquiao fight after asking around for the best place to watch the fight close to my house.
they were charging 15.00 dollars cover charge which I thought it was fair, went inside, sat at a booth and asked for menus.
we ordered a bucket of beer, some raw oysters and other appetizers.
we kept ordering beer and appetizers all through the fight.
the food was good, the service was outstanding and the atmosphere was tense betweeen Pacquiao and Marquez fans as I kept diving into the oysters while my friend had their eyes glued to the TVs.
at the end my friends and I were as happy as we could be.
lots of good food, lots of beer and victory for Marquez we couldn't ask for anythings else......check please.
:( Ok, we were drunk and happy but not that drunk, I had more mercury than alcohol in my system and I noticed that the prices on the check were different from the prices on the menu.
Everyone In the restaurant wanted to leave after the fight so waitresses and cashiers were busy a the time so we didn't want to make a big deal so we just assumed that the prices were higher during special events, we paid the bill and left the restaurant hating them in silence.
I've been back few times after for the oysters and they also have good deals on pupusas but the check keeps being inconsistent with the menu prices or regular prices during advertised happy hour but now I make sure to point it out, I'd like to think that they're just honest mistakes.....lots of them.
If I was to rate this place solely by the food, this place would get 5 stars.
But I hate going to a place where I can't drink to the point of obvibion for fear of waking up the next morning and realized that I've been fuc'd.......I'll be back.

never ever again!
my family & i were craving pupusas and this is the closest place to us so it seemed perfect...now im thinking gosh if only we would have just driven a bit more and gone to las pupusas then we all wouldnt have gotten food poisoning!
i had to miss work today on top of that...i should have seen the warning signs...when i first called they said the total would be 12.97...when i got there she told me 13.00 now its just 3 pennies so i didnt even complain...now i am because it wasnt worth any of our pennies!
2nd there was a weird smell upon walking in...now i saw a couple of ppl eating there so i thought well its probably not too bad and since its almost closing theyre probably cleaning or something & i did just come out of an amazing smelling car...WRONG!
they are just nasty period and the pupusas came out as the greasiest pupusas ive ever seen!we had to wipe and soak all that grease off of them....why didnt we see all the warnings?!
im half salvadorian trust me it was just masa rolled in grease!
avoid avoid avoid....try las pupusas or anywhere else instead!

We were treated to dinner here by a Salvadorean couple we're friendly with.
I visited El Salvador eons ago, before the fighting, and all I remember was the beer (!
), so I kinda think of this as a new experience.
Oh, they do have Mexican food, too, even though Mexico is part of North America.
(Okay kids, the geography lesson for today has left the building).
The restaurant is fairly large, spanning about three storefronts, but nothing about the decor excited me.
Herb G. and I tried pupusas for the first time; we turned down the offer after our friend said that they contain chicharrones, which I can't stomach, but changed our minds when he said we could get them with just beans and cheese.
We loved the taste, but the grease was a little more than I could bear.
I followed the lead of our host and ordered a dish called Isla or Bahía something:  a paper-thin steak covered with pico de gallo and four shrimp, with rice and refried beans.
It was a major disappointment - everything was room temp enough to make KTNV's Dirty Dining list, and the steak and shrimp were overcooked and dried out.
The rice was mush, and the beans were, well, refried beans.
If I'd thought of it I would have asked for black beans.
Herb stayed just south of the Rio Grande (okay, so I lied) and had enchiladas, which he enjoyed.
And his dish was hot.
It was Saturday night, and at 10 pm the atmosphere changed completely.
A DJ set up shop and started playing great música latina - cumbia, bachata, reggaeton.
The lights were dimmed and the friends and relatives of our friends showed up, ordered a bucket of beer, and went to work dancing their tushes off.
Me, too!
The place has a full bar, and I would have been downing margaritas, except Herb ordered my usual rotgut wine for me while I was outside making a phone call.
I wouldn't go back for the food, though my little dog Jake loved the leftover steak, but I'd sure go back for the music!

Just came here for the first time and I love the place!
I wanted pupusas and this was the closet place to me that served them.
So glad I came because they were having a special for take out orders of pupusa for 99cents each (no, it's not Thursday, it's Monday) .
The staff is beyond friendly and made it very comfortable for my children and I as we waited for our order.
Best customer service I have ever received in Las Vegas at any place!
I would LOVE to come back and dine in and enjoy.
Oh and my pupusa were perfect!
Not greasy or any of the complaints I have seen in other reviews.
This is officially my pupusa spot!

