Having been born and raised in N.W.
Dropsonia this makes me an expert on grocery stores.
And this one I like, the Mexican music makes me wiggle down the isles while I pick up the cheap and plentiful produce.
It is not really any better produce than other grocers, but much less expensive.
The meat counter cuts its meat in much thinner portions than others do.
I prefer thin as apposed to fat.
The already marinated chicken and beef is also quite good.
The folks who work here are always very nice and helpful if one needs assistance.

Good place for some different cuts of meat, RIPE (think ready to eat now) produce, spices and other more latin geared products at good prices!

I make a trip to Food City on occasion for mexican spices that cant be found other places.
I also buy birthday cakes and some other stuff that is way cheaper than other stores.
I do get some strange looks being the only white guy in the place but I am ok with it.
The store is clean and the workers seem helpful when needed.

Great prices and convenient location

Good prices here!
For example, I saw whole pineapples 3 for $0.99!
I visited on a Sunday morning and Mariachis were playing!
This location also has a tortillería.

Food City has the absolute BEST prices on produce that I've ever seen anywhere in AZ, CA, or HI.
When I first saw the Wednesday circular advertising avocados 5/$.99 and 8 lbs.
of roma tomatoes for $.99, I knew that there had to be a catch.
I scurried down to Avondale as fast as my little honda could take me, and alas, the ad was real, and I scored 4 massive bags of produce for a whopping.... $12.
You have to buy what's on sale, and I haven't bought much here other than produce, as I don't find their grocery prices to be outstanding, but for fruits and veggies, there's no better place IMHO.
As an added bonus, with all of the Mexican music playing throughout the store, I'm learning a little bit of Spanish.
Ole!

This Food City is not my usual one :D, but still has all the amenities I look for in this kind of business.
They have their Panadería, where they sell "Pan Dulce" or Mexican sweet Bread, they also have their "cocina" and they sell a wide array of goodies, from tacos, tortas, and Menudo.
They have their carnicería, and they make their own tortillas on site, flour and corn, and their produce is very good quality.
I recommend this location!

mmmm tortillas

