The airports with mini museums and art galleries just tickle me!
It is a wonderful thing to be able to enjoy a dash of culture with all the other mania that goes on in airports.
I can think of a some other airports with fun displays and bits of history, like Dallas, Charlotte, and San Francisco with little displays that help eliminate the sterility.
Thank you Phoenix for your part in the Art world!

I never realized SkyHarbor has a museum.
This is probably due to the speed at which I typically enter and exit.
The Museum's collection is apparently spread across multiple Terminals (2,3 & 4) and the pieces are on multiple floors as well as at the airport location.
One of the the wonderful thinks about SkyHarbor is their collection of over 600 pieces continuously rotates.
So, unlike SeaTac (Seattle's airport), where the scary magician adorns the walls, Sky Harbor has something fresh and for everyone.
We visited the terminal 3 collection which currently features antique clothing from the early 20th century, an incredible bird and sculpture collection and a miniature oil painting collection.
This was spread across multiple locations on the second floor atrium prior to security.
Take the time to enjoy the art as it makes the security experience less stressful!

In the Phoenix Airport Museum, the curators do a good job putting art in 35 exhibition spaces in front of the impatient public, while staying out of their way.
The team protects the art, but spreads it out in every terminal, on every level, under foot, above your head, and on the walls.
I learned that when the Phoenix Airport was building the new Rental Car Center, the curators got Ed Carpenter to build a glass sculpture over the escalators.
He coated glass with metal oxides that let some wavelengths of sunlight through, while reflecting others.
On the web site, I also found this: In creating the Phoenix Sky Train to take passengers from one terminal to another, the curators hired artists to design terrazzo walkways, murals, and ceiling pieces.
Collaborating with the architects, engineers, and crafts people, for example, Anne Coe started with topographic maps.
Sure, all the art must come from Arizona, and it must somehow reflect the land, the culture, the flora and fauna...or the history of aviation there.
But a lot of the art is first rate, and even the lowbrow stuff is fun.

