YAY!
I finally found a place I can trust to get my hair done at.
:)   It was pitiful, I'd gone a year...yes a YEAR since my last haircut.
The reception area was nice and welcoming.
While waiting I perused the products that they sold -- Aveda, Redken and Dermalogica.
It was was wonderful.
Laura was the girl who cut my hair and persuaded me to donate to Locks of Love.
I would have done so a long time ago, but I was always told my hair was too overprocessed.
Seems things have changed and I donated a good length of my hair.
The salon and stylist made an overall good impression.
They were friendly and not standoffish at all, much like when you step into other day spas.
I left happy with my hair cut and hair color.
I only got one color and no highlights...next time, I promise and I'll write an update on my 2nd visit.
First visit has been good.
:)  Some people may find the drive out to this one a long one as it's off the 10 going to Tucson, but it's right around the corner for me...and I don't have to deal with Chandler Mall Parking like I do at the other Madison Avenue.
Overall, I'll keep going to this wonderful place until they close or we move...but I have a feeling I'll be moving out of state before they close.
Superb quality with extremely fair and competitive prices.

I have been to Madison for many services from hair and nails to facials and massages.
And I must say that Brittney White, one of their Aestheticans is the best I've been to!
And the only one I will see from now on!
She does all my waxing and facials and she just got me started with chemical peels which have done wonders for my skin!
Anytime someone mentions a spa I ALWAYS mention her name!
She's great!

Beautiful new facility!
Its awesome to walk into a place where everyone looks the way you want to look.
The atmosphere is professional but laid back enough for employees to express themselves   The receptionist is welcoming and polite.
The products they sell are nicely displayed.
I had my hair cut by Pricsilla.
She's a doll!
Really fun personality, I told her what I wanted my hair to look like and when I asked for her opinion she didn't hold back.
My split ends are gone!
*party!
*   Kate did my mani and pedi, she talked me into a spa pedicure.
They dip your hands in parrifin and use the scrub of your choice, then they use a mask to make your toes feel all tingly and to finish it off, she does an awesome paint job (no pun intended), she even made little flowers and put gems on my toes!
I don't remember who did my facial or massage, I was asleep the entire time!
The massage therapist made me snore, and the esthetician was so honest with my skin.
She gave me great tips (cheap but effective tips) before letting me fall asleep.
Over all the experience was fantastic and has me coming back for more!

Madison Avenue has most definitely upgraded by moving their salon to the much nicer Chandler and 48th Street location.
However, I think most of their hair stylists are pretty mediocre, and their prices are high for the quality of cut and color you receive.
I have yet find a hair stylist there that was worth the money and have decided to look elsewhere.
On the flip side, if I could give 5 stars to Pearl, who has worked there forever doing waxing and facials, I absolutely would.
Her prices are reasonable and my eyebrows are always perfect.
Side note: As a regular customer of almost 6 years, it also irritated me that earlier this year they refused to give me a gift certificate for a non-profit fundraising auction I was organizing.
I understand that times are tough, but I am long time customer who has given them several referrals.
They need to appreciate and support the community.

Liz did a great job on my hair today.
She listened to what I wanted--a haircut that I would have to spend very little time on--and followed through, blending my layers of very straight and fine hair so it looks very natural and is easy to style (or not).
So many times I've come out of a salon loving my hair only to realize later that I can in no way replicate it at home, and what's worse, it usually looks bad under the care of my limited styling skills.
I have a feeling that the cut Liz gave me will hardly need attention and will be very forgiving to my pitiful attempts to style it.
I liked the cut so much that I already scheduled the next appointment.

I was on a mission to get my hair done, I wanted to go blonde and I was set on getting it done that day so I actually had Madison Avenue in the back of my mind but it wasn't my first choice.
I was actually going to try other salon in Chandler, in the downtown Ocotillo plaza but the manager was terrible.
She was annoying and got in my personal space which I can not stand when people do that.
Anyhow, after the bad experience I had at this other salon, I decided to go to Madison's and I am so glad I did.
I was a walk in and they had someone for me right then.
Angela was my stylist and she was great!
I believe we talked for the majority of my service and I usually don't do that because I just like to read my magazine and take this time for myself, but I couldn't help but talk about everything with her.
Angela definitely listened to what I wanted and took her time.
It was nice having a stylist that doesn't leave you under the dryer while the foils are processing for what seems like forever, she came back to check on my foils and within 5-10 minutes I was out of the dryer, thank goodness.
She recommended a deep conditioning for my hair and a trim.
By the end of the service, I was so happy and refreshed.
I will definitely be back and I am excited for my appointment on December 30th!

Cloud nine... that's the way I would describe the way I felt right after my first facial EVER!
When I entered, they took my name and lead me to their spa area.
It was dimly lit and there was peaceful music.
There was a dining area for those whose packages come with a light lunch.
I met Meghan who is an Aesthetician, massage therapist and make-up artist.
I was lead to one of the rooms where I was given this tube top type thing and I laid down in a pre-warmed table,,, I was sooo comfy!!
It was awesome.
I had the express facial with a lip treatment.
All the wonderful pretty smelling chemicals and her strong yet soft hands manipulated all the oil out of my suddenly smaller pores.
The lip treatment burned a lil but it wasn't anything that I couldn't deal with.
I relaxed and resleased some of the frustration I've been experiencing lately.
It was ah-mazing.
Afterward, my face was so smooth and polished and dewy that I couldn't stop touching it!
lol, I looked like a weirdo in the perfume section of Nordstrom all feeling up on my own face!
haha!
But I am SO glad i came in for a facial, I'll DEFINATLY be back!!
With many more in tow.
This was earlier today and I am STILL on cloud nine, so entranced that I'm hopping into bed for a nap after I finish this review.
I say... GO and ask for Meghan!
:) oh btw - all my services were $50!
not BAD!!

Awesome Awesome Awesome!
I love this place..I refuse to get my hair cut anywhere else.
Andrea is amazing and everyone there knows what they are doing, great location and ambiance..keep it up!

Cameo cut my hair, she is the best.
super friendly staff.

Cameo is the best stylist I've ever had!
The atmosphere here is relaxing & friendly.
They also have wifi, so it's easy to work while getting worked on!

My boyfriend's mother brought me here and treated me to a manicure.
She was raving about this thing called "shellac" for your nails.
She wanted me to try it and it's AMAZING!
So tough and it doesn't mess up.
You cannot ruin it.
Better than polish, better than acrylics.
You can do French or any color you desire.
It's the coolest thing I've found in awhile and now I am unfortunately addicted to it.
I have to continue getting them done.
Only drawback, I have to find a place to do them in LA cause I don't live in Phoenix.
I got my nails done by Kate.
She was sooooo nice and fun.
We chatted the whole time and it seemed like they were done super fast.
I definitely recommend this salon, Shellac, and Kate!
Woo!
My nails are so pretty.

I had previously been a Toni and Guy customer and came here for a change.
I was so disappointed in what my colorist did.
I had two colors as partial highlights (blonde and caramel)  when it came to discussing what I wanted she told me it would be an additional $5 per color.
Never heard that one before.
The haircut was ok but the color was awful, she completely missed my roots.
When I called to complain they had nothing to say.
Would never go back again and really expected so much better.

I went there on a Saturday afternoon.
I basically called at 10am and set up an appointment for 1pm.
They have new talents, seniors, master and artistic designers.
The girl on the phone was friendly and asked me what level I wanted.
I told her not more than $40 for a hair cut and straightening.
My hair dresser was a senior.
She was very friendly and made me feel comfortable but I ended up paying wayyyy more than I wanted to.
I wish she would have told me they charge $40 alone for the flat iron hair straitening.
The cut was another $40, and she basically just cut off my tips.
I think the whole thing was just too expensive for was done on me.

I had previously gotten a gel manicure from another nail place about 3 weeks ago and my actual nails were cracking left and right (and the pedicure polish has already been flaking off too!).
Frustrated from carrying nail glue in my purse for 2 weeks now.
I HAD to breakdown and find a new nail place stat!
I called up Madison Ave. and got an appointment the same day.
When I walked into the Spa it was super busy.
The staff was very nice and the front lobby was well organized, and made me want to shop, LOL!
They led me to the nail area and I picked out my polish while I waited for my appointment.
Their polish selection was great and I was SO happy they had the brand new Fall Opi collection for this year out!!
:)   Angel was my nail technician and she is FABULOUS!
She was very knowledgeable and talked me into a gel overlay so my cracked nails would have time to heal.
I was so afraid I was going to have to cut my nails down but this was a happy solution!
And she didn't need to use the scary nail drills that hurt and weaken your nails.
My nails are so pretty and perfect!
Everything was done by hand!
I already re-booked her for next time and getting a pedi with my nails for next time will be a treat!
SO happy I finally found a nail technician I can trust!!
I'm never going to anyone else!
The prices here are a little more pricey than other nail places but I think it's more than worth it!
I did notice on their website that they have all sorts of deals going on all the time, so that makes up for the prices too.

I was in Phoenix on business and needed a manicure before my presentation in the morning.
I actually looked on yelp to determine that Madison Avenue Salon was not only close (to the Holiday Inn Express on 50th St), but it was well reviewed - score one for the Chicagoan!
I called to see if I could get in (at 6:45pm) and the receptionist was enthusiastic and receptive indicating that I could walk right in between now and 7:30 with no problem.
Let me just say, the salon itself is beautiful - well decorated and clean.
I felt calm, comfortable, and cared for by each of the staff members.
But the real meat of this review is the New Yorker nail technician, Deb.
She was warm and genuinely interested in me (who I was, what I did, etc.
) in addition to being incredibly educated and informative about a regular mani vs. a shellac mani vs. a gel mani.
I ended up going with the shellac and it looks great and the red will be perfect for the holiday season.
She also tended to my picked and bitten cuticles with ease and care and was quick to keep me in the loop with the salon chatter from the other nail technicians and regulars.
If I'm ever back in Phoenix, I'll certainly save my nails for Deb and Madison Avenue Salon :)

bought a Groupon deal for a massage and facial for $69.
when i first bought the groupon, i assumed that the quality of the above services would be subpar because it was such an unbelievably amazing deal that it must be too good to be true.
NOT AT ALL.
when i went into the spa, which is very clean and nicely decorated, i was greeted by all 3 of the cheery receptionists.
i also had to change the appointment time that day to 30 minutes later and they were very accomodating.
i first had my facial with jenny.
it was amazing!
my skin looks and feels amazing, and jenny is a very friendly person who really loves what she does (not to mention, she's great at it!
)  next, i had a massage with tammy.
she too did an excellent job.
i tipped them both over 20% (well-deserved considering the price of the amazing groupon deal)  although this place is very far from my home, i would definitely make the drive over there again because even without the groupon deal, their prices are very reasonable.
highly recommend!
great spa :)

I've been getting my hair cut here since I was 13.
And that was long before they moved to this location.
Priscilla is the BEST stylist at Madison Avenue!
My mom, my sisters and myself have trusted her with our hair for over 10 years.
Perfect every time.
Unless I move again .
no one else is touching my hair!
I also get a gel manicure from Heidi once a month.
Aside from doing phenomenal work, this lady has insane memory about what's going on with her clients.
You'll be chatting during your manicure or pedicure, and your next appointment she'll ask, "Hey how did __________ go?
"   Recommended.

Great place.
I went early this year and have been meaning to write a review ever since.
I wish I remembered the name of the person who did my mani-pedi since she was great - very friendly and helpful.
It was great - relaxing, beautiful (color and look of nails), and the nail color lasted forever.

Great place.
The girls in the front were very snobby and disinterested in meeting, greeting or taking money from customers.
However, my stylist OLIVIA made my haircut at Madison Avenue Int'l Salon & Day Spa a four star experience.
OLIVIA is an experienced hairdresser, with a calming energy that can make any head of hair into a masterpiece.
I would recomment OLIVIA and Madison Avenue Int'l Salon & Day Spa to any man or woman who is looking for a great head of hair, in a great environment by a wonderful stylist.

Nice place, good service!

Heidi left Madison Avenue in August :'(   But Debra, the manager in nails and resident New Yorker has been an AWESOME replacement.
She's truly interested in her clients and is a lot of fun to chat with.
Angela is awesome, too!
If you like Debra's work, and know you will get your nails done regularly, try and book out all of your appointments for the entire year.
She's VERY popular and hard to get appointments with.
New (ish) program called MADISON AVENUE RETAIL REWARDS!
You pay $40, and for the entire year, you get 20% off on retail items - hair products, skincare, etc.
- jewelry or services not applicble.
It's a worthwhile investment if you buy liters of Redken, Pureology, Aveda, etc.
Shampoo and Conditioner liters from stores like ULTA - SAVE YOURSELF SOME CASH and just get them here with the card!
While it doesn't apply to services, being a Retail Rewards member will put you on an EXCLUSIVE e-mail list where offers for discounted services, extra discounts on products will be sent to you.

I go to Julie to do my eyebrows and occasionally get my make up done.
Julie is awesome and I would recommend her to anyone looking for these services.
I am looking forward to going and getting a facial done by her soon.

Is there an option for 0 stars?
If so go ahead and count me.
My mom recently got a haircut, nail, facial.
And I looked at my credit statement and its charging me close to $350.
Not sure if there is some initial charge and later they decrease the amount they are actually charging.
But it left me with a smelly after taste.
I am going to follow up with them and find out the exact details.

Went in for a color consult and haircut as a first timer and am very happy I did!
Sarah was great, she evened out my color since I decide to go back to natural and did a great job on the haircut.
They even fit me in for a last minute wax while I was there and didn't have to wait.
Very happy I will be back.

They did a fine job on my overall color but were shady about extra charges without asking me.
I was expecting to pay $62 for an all over color per their website price list.
I was charged an extra $20 and when I asked why the cashier said it was for toner which I wasn't asked about.
The second time I went I told the hair dresser I do not want toner.She said she didn't charge me for toner but for extra hair color because my hair is long.
So who lied to me, the cashier or the hair dresser?
Either way they should have asked me before starting so I can decide if I am willing to pay more or not, especially as a first time customer.
And when the customer asks what the extra charge is for don't pull an answer out of the sky.
If they were honest and upfront I wouldn't have had an issue but I dont appreciate being screwed with.

I had a facial and massage.
Reasonably priced.
They have an excellent facility.
The rooms are very clean and smell wonderful.
It looks like a high end salon without the extreme price of the resorts around the area.

This is the only place I go for my haircuts.
I have a wonderful hair stylist Angela, that always does a great job.
The front desk staff know me by name and are always so nice.
I only gave it 4 stars because the spa side was not as great of an experience for me.
I went through 4 different estheticians because they all left.
My mom always said that there are 2 things you should spend money on; your hair and your face.
While it is not cheap to have a service done here, I definitely get what I pay for.
I see a master designer so I pay more than some people but it is worth it to me because my hair looks amazing every time.
If you are someone like me that only wants the best haircut, then come here and ask for Angela!

Well, I may be a little biased about Madison Avenue, because I did used to work there, but I left on a great note.
Madison Avenue is one of the best salons in Ahwatukee, and now they have locations in Chandler, and Gilbert.
I have endless recomendations that I could made as far as people that work there, and if anyone that does work there reads this, sorry if I missed you!
One of my favorite parts of Mad Ave is the spa.
Specifically the nail spa.
I am a little bit of a nail whore, I cannot go without my nails and toes being done, and I have been spoiled by the ladies here.
Kate is a phenomenal nail tech if you can get into her.
She has done wonders for my nails, and takes the time to make sure she is doing everything PERFECTLY.
Deb C. is such a hoot, she is so fun to be around, and she really knows the best for your nails, she loves her job and it shows.
My fave aetsi there is Kelly, hands down she is the best.
I have had her do several services for me, but she does a bomb brow wax.
I get compliments on my eyebrows all the time, and can't take any credit, its all Kelly.
It's been awhile since I have been in for a skin treatment, but she is great at recommending products.
As far as stylists go, it really depends on what level you are looking for and what your hair is like.
Olivia and Kim have both given me some awesome updos, Priscilla is an all around amazing stylist.
Nicki is awesome with blondes, Liz is amazing with short hair, and I know I am missing people... :)   Mad Ave is worth the high price tag, especially if you are looking for a quality service.
They have a phenomenal selection of retail, and if anything doesn't pan out, I promise they will correct it for you.
Give them a try, all their departments are awesome.

I came in to get a pedicure with,my friend and we had a lively time.
Great atmosphere with legit technicians.

Just had a terrific 1 hour Swedish Massage with Tamara.
I feel so good!!
A great massage therapist, and the spa is very lovely, friendly staff.
Will do this again!

Pedicure at the Ahwatukee location - don't bother going here for a pedicure unless you love to SIT STRAIGHT UP ON A RIGID BENCH with no way to kick back and relax.
I felt like I was at risk of sliding into the foot bath.
It was so uncomfortable and then I had to sit there an wait with my feet in the water for 20 minutes cause the gal was running behind schedule, that was after waiting 10 minutes already.
My feet were like prunes when she started and the water was tepid by then as well.
The pedicure was also inferior...no scrubbing my feet with a pumice at all but with the condition of my water logged feet, it might have been a bad idea at that point.
I just ached all over by the time it finished.
The pedicure set up is horrible and so far below luxury, yet you will pay more than you ever have!

Had a spa day for my birthday.
The staff is very friendly and spa/salon is very clean.
It has an upscale feel without the high prices and snooty staff.

Purchased a groupon ($99 for 3 treatment deal, spa treatments include a 60-minute Swedish or therapeutic massage, a 60-minute European facial, or a classic mani-pedi.
) for this day spa, they offer other locations, however I chose this location due to the area we were staying in.
It was last minute scheduling for my boyfriend and I, so I knew and wasn't expecting we'd get an appointment with our short vacation in Arizona.
I left a online reservation, and the next day received a call from a very professional, clam, welcoming Receptionist.
Upon booking the reservation, over the phone I was given the option of choosing 3 treatments, 50-minute massage, a 60-minute European facial, or a classic mani-pedi.
Receptionist lets me know that a mani and the pedi are two separate services.
However as my groupon stated... it was for all 3 services.
The receptionist was explaining to me that this location splits the mani-pedi as 2 services, and they will honor both the mani and pedi for me.
Why do you have to honor... if its given in the offer?
What I read differs from what you explain doesn't match up.
How is it that I called the Chandler Fashion Center for any openings (they were all booked), I mentioned the groupon to them and they know and understand the Groupon offers.
Madison Avenue Managers, please read your groupon and acknowledge your offerings.
You can't sell a service and not offer the services as stated in the groupon.
I'm not a fan of groupon either!
However It does open up doors and opportunity for other clients to meet your spa, at that point, communication, and lack of understand the special services offered, I was not entirely impressed.
No service was rendered, however the receptionist was very nice, and I was happy how quickly and prompt she responded to our request.

