My HOJO where did you go???
Alright, the location is THE BEST for any returning UW Alumn...it is right accross the street from the old apartment and just like being a student again.
It's right by the Gritty and a hop, skip, and a jump from State.
Not much has changed since Doubletree took over the HOJO.
The Badgerland grill, pool, and spa are all there.
There are the same tokens for the parking ramp and seems like many of the friendly staff are still there.
The rooms seem the same too.
Some nice features include the full line of Neutragina products in the bathroom and the loaner umbrellas for the occasional thunder storm.
The downside:  Doubletree = Double Price  The hotel costs twice what it did when it was a HOJO and a hot cookie does not make up the difference.

I don't normally stay at hotels unless a "happy-ending" is involved, but I had the opportunity to stay at the Doubletree in Madison, WI on a business trip.
Sure it didn't cost me anything because that and my meals were all paid for.
So if it was a free ride...again no "happy-ending" here.....I can't complain 'bout anything.
After all free is free right?
Well nuts to you!
Actually, my stay there, albiet brief, was really nice.
First off, they offered smoking rooms which really is a nice consideration for the smoking portion of the population, plus being from Washington State with their tough smoking laws in public, but increased taxes on cigarettes for state revenue...makes no sense...anyhoo...yes nice consideration.
Second, very helpful staff who picked me up from the airport, pointed me in the right directions when I needed it, help me print out my e-tickets and held my stuff after my check out while I went to meetings then drove me back to airport.
They were professional, courteous and down right nice.
Location was very key, close to campus and to downtown...easy to find, though I did get lost getting back one night.....too many beers at Genna's.
Anyhoo, bottom line, I would stay here again, even on my own dime.
Based on location, customer service, free wi-fi, smoking rooms,  I would recommend it to those who dare to venture to Wisconsin.....which is more diverse than I would've thought.

This hotel is well located if you're doing some sort of University of WI Madison business.
Its nearly as nice as the Hilton on the Square which, unfortunately, isn't that great.
Free parking is nice.
The rooms are clean, efficient and properly sorted in all the ways that you'll need it to be.
I've stayed here a handful of times in the past year and can highly recommend it.
Something weird happened last time I was there (specificly, they gave me keys to an occupied room) and the staff went above and beyond not only to make it right with me....and gave me a brilliant hangover the next day by sending a bottle of wine up to my room.

DO NOT STAY HERE!
RUDE FRONT STAFF!
OVER PRICE!
This hotel has a very poor staff that did not follow through with procedure.
I was comming up from Chicago with a friend to stay and we both signed up for a room.
Later that night I came in and was not allowed into my room because I was not on room.
I therefore had to get another room and was not refunded.
DO NOT STAY HERE!
RUDE FRONT STAFF!
OVER PRICE!

I've now stayed here for three, 5-day business trips and I find it to be clean, well-maintained, service oriented and friendly.
The rooms are clean and cozy.
I prefer a room with two beds, as it offers a larger bathroom.
The name-brand coffee maker and bathroom amenities are a good value, and the morning USA Today under the door is a nice extra.
The beds are comfy.
The only thing missing is a fluffy robe.
The room service is prompt and the servers polite.
But hands down the best part, especially after a day of walking around gritty downtown Madison is the hot and powerful shower.
Sheer heaven.

We stayed at this hotel for the weekend.
My daughter, son-in-law and 7 month old baby in one room and grandma-grandpa had a suite.
The hotel staff went out of their way to make sure we had rooms next to each other, and that everything met our expectations.
In fact the staff was so friendly and accommodating that our stay was easy and we felt so relaxed.
The beds are the best, so comfortable with plenty of pillows.
The rooms have large mini- refrigerators with complementary bottled water, and snacks, coffee maker and microwave.
Also on arrival hot chocolate chip cookies, yummy.
We arrived a bit early and our rooms were ready so we had an early check in, how nice with a small baby.
We requested a late check out without a problem.
I just can't say enough about the attentive and pleasant staff.
We asked for directions to State Street (walking distance) and they had maps and marked off exactly where to walk.
Also directed us to the university (mapped out and within walking distance).
We asked about a local hamburger spot, again gave us exact mapped out directions.
Free, secured parking, nice enclosed small pool with inside and outside chairs and tables.
This is a nice hotel close to everything, good for adults, business traveler and parents visiting students.
Staff is young and very respectful and accommodating.
The room service and restaurant staff very pleasant.
Food is basic and OK.

It's your standard, run-of-the-mill hotel with all the normal amenities included.
Free internet, good deal.
Cookies are tasty.
Location is the one advantage it has, that and free parking, even if city parking in Madison is a breeze (less than $10 for 24 hours, yes please!).
It's just so strange to have such a hotel smack in the middle of campus, but that's definitely a good thing.

Stayed here two nights.
They screwed up room first night giving us one bed, as had booked two, and made it right right away before we could hardly complain, and then came back later with A WHOLE CAN OF THOSE DARN DELICIOUS COOKIES!
And then the staff was right on the ball with other requests.
The place has thick walls; were there on the day before a Badger game and as the hotel filled with fans we had a little trepidation thinking a pregame melee was about to begin but the place was as quiet that night as the previous night.
Close to state street, u dub and cap square.
Free parking with tokens to get out of the lot.

If you are requiring a hotel in Madison, I would shop around for another place.
I had to visit Madison two weekends in a row, the first I stayed at the Doubletree.
While of standard quality for a Doubletree, it happens to be painfully close to an undergraduate party neighborhood--something we found out as we tried to go to sleep at a reasonable hour.
As I searched more carefully for where to stay my second weekend in Madison, I realized that this is equally priced with most of the bed& breakfasts in the area that are in much nicer locations and equally close to campus.

Great location if you're looking for something close to the capital building.
Perfect spot if you'er from out of town and want to run Crazy Legs race (mere blocks away).
Very close to the Kohl Center; within walking distance.
Nice enough hotel, relatively old, but still works.

"The Old HoJo" but rooms have been renovated since back in the day and now you get the cookie.
Comfortable, clean, very convenient for campus activities.
Decent enough workout room and good restaurant/bar downstairs.
No bells and whistles, rooms are not huge, but the staff is nice and I am always happy to stay here for a night or two.

I received some of the best service I have ever experienced at the Doubletree Madison this week.
I showed up, soaking wet from a rain storm and frustrated from several awful travel experiences earlier in the day.
The front desk was trying to explain something to me, and I just was having a hard time getting the grasp of it.
I finally said, "Today has been awful!
I'm sorry!
"   10 minutes after I had gotten to my room, someone knocked on my door.
A front desk employee had brought up a little bag tied with a ribbon including a small bottle of wine and a wine glass.
It also had a note from the front desk, saying that they were sorry I had had such a rough day and hopefully this would cheer me up, and again welcoming me to their property.
That is kind of personal touch that makes hotels outstanding.
I couldn't believe it.
It turned my bad mood upside down and made me smile.
I was so pleasantly surprised by this!
This was just a small gesture from Doubletree.
It probably cost them $3, to be honest.
But these days - that kind of service does NOT happen.
The time taken to put it together, write the note, and deliver it to my room was priceless.
Not only was it unexpected and lovely, but I was so in the mood for a relaxing glass of wine!
Thanks, Doubletree - you've delivered outstanding service, again!
Other details:   Close to UW campus, meaning lots of fun shopping and restaurants within walking distance.
I am a Hilton Diamond member, and had a small box of chocolates waiting for me in my room - fun!
My room was very clean and smelled fresh.
The bedspread is old, but underneath is a triple-sheeted down comforter, so you can just toss the bedspread aside.
Parking garage has ample space and every spot is a short walk to the elevators that take you right to the guest rooms.
Room service was super fast (20 minutes) and my filet was delicious.
The side salad wasn't just bagged lettuce with dressing - it had lots of veggies included.
High speed internet was free.

When I go to Madison for work, this is where I stay every time.
The hotel is very close to UW campus.
There are lots of dive bars, cute restaurants, and things to do/see.
This is also one of very few hotels in the area with free parking (But remember to stop at the front desk first before you park your car).
The service at this hotel is excellent.
Everyone is very friendly and is willing to assist you.
Plus the warm cookies at check-in always makes my day!

Every month I take four planes round-trip to spend one eight-hour business day in Madison and the only saving grace is the DoubleTree!
The people who work here are beyond welcoming and always gracious hosts.
They reward returning guests with complimentary drink coupons and breakfast buffet.
The shuttle shuffles me from airport to hotel, hotel to University of Wisconsin Hospital and then from the hospital to the airport, all for free!
And the guys who run the shuttle are awesome... always a calm, easy, quick ride.
Free WiFi.
Nice gym area, never an issue getting on a machine.
Super clean rooms, beds, gym, etc.
The Badgerland Bar and Grill downstairs has great food at a decent price and a lot of awesome local brews on tap.
Bartenders and wait staff are super friendly and great company for solo travelers.
Not a single complaint about my stays at DoubleTree Madison.

I've always stayed at the Hilton Menona Terrace until this week....
This is my new hotel in Madison.
The Hilton was booked so I stayed at the DT.
They give you warm cookies on arrival (I guess this is commonly known but it was a nice surprise).
A hand written note from the manager was placed under my door an hour or so after my arrival.
It thanked me for staying at the hotel and gave me free breakfast for the length of my stay.
This is where things got really good...
I got the flu from somewhere while on business and was confined to my room for two days.
The staff was incredible.
They moved me to a larger room so my family could come to town and help me.
They moved all my stuff, gave me free movies, and brought sprite, ginger ale, and crackers.
They wouldn't accept any tips and beleive me we tried.
The staff is the friendliest and most accommodating I've ever seen and I stay in hotels 30-40 nights a year.
To the staff of the Doubletree in Madison - my sincerest thank you!

i'm a bit of a hotel snob.
with that in mind, this doubletree is definitely outdated and could use some work.
cracks in the wallpaper in the bathroom, old old carpet that I couldn't trust was thoroughly clean..  no, i'm not a crazy anally clean type of person, honestly.
there are better doubletrees, though.
the location is great, walking distance from everything.
fresh cookies as always are a nice treat.
we also got "upgraded" to a room with complimentary snacks and water.
super comfy bed and parking included.

Three Stars for location.
This hotel is walking distance to all Madison has to offer.
It has a decent hotel bar, never crowded and nice clean rooms.

Went above and beyond any duty they had towards us during our stay.
We were sick and my boyfriend had a shitty living situation so we decided to stay in the hotel for the night.
From the beginning they were super nice and attentive.
You get an oatmeal chocolate chip cookie when you check in, and it's delicious, just so you know.
Anyway.
We're sick and we really want some soup.
But the only soup is some cheddar thing with popcorn or what have you.
They try to drive us to the nearest supermarket saying that it's no problem or that they'll pick it up for us if we want.
This is at midnight so I'm feeling a little bad about making them go out to get us some soup.
I politely end up refusing and then they come to us with a voucher for some food to make us feel better.
Seriously.
these people are amazing.
Even without the voucher, they made us feel so welcomed.
The rooms were really nice, everything was extremely clean.
Zero complains.
If I ever have to recommend a hotel to family, this is where they will be going.

It's a DoubleTree Hotel, so you get free, warm cookies at check-in.
Score to that!
Other than that, the location being so close to State Street (about .3 miles) and having a warm indoor pool, it was just standard.
I didn't find the hotel to be particularly amazing in any other way.
Was the bed comfy?
Sure.
The room spacious?
Yeah.
The bathroom clean?
Yup.
But nothing stood out as especially better than a Holiday Inn.
And the construction with the hammering at 8 a.m.... was less than welcomed.
I guess they have to do construction at some point... but of course it had to happen while we were there with our 1-year old for the night!
We'd stay there again, but wouldn't hesitate to consider our other options.
Parking: must pay, but it's upstairs and many of the spots are covered... so that's a nice touch.

I stayed at this Hilton for my little sister's college graduation.
Our family got a good deal, thanks to early planning and Hotwire.
The room was nice, a good size, and clean.
The bathroom was a great size, and was big enough for my mom and me to share (though it may have looked like a war-zone when we were finished getting ready!
)  There wasn't any continental breakfast, which my mom was upset about, but I didn't mind.
We were running late the morning of the graduation after being out drinking in the streets of Madison a little late the night before, and after running downstairs to their restaurant to get something to go, they let me grab some stuff from the buffet for free!
I must have looked frazzled enough they thought I was a graduate, about to be late for my commencement?
Either way, it was very kind and appreciated.
The hotel could have been walking distance from some bars, but it was quite cold when we there, so we took short cab rides to/from the bars.
All in all, you can always count on a Hilton to be a nice stay with a comfy bed.
I'd stay here again if I'm in Madison anytime soon!

Très bon hôtel.
Dans Madison, à deux pas de State Street.
L'hôtel à un parking gratuit ce qui est aussi très appréciable.
La chambre, une double dans notre cas, est (très) grande et très bien équipée.
Le service housekeeping était très bien.
L'accueil est très aimable, souriant et disponible.
Un mot important sur la literie : exceptionelle : je n'ai jamais dormi sur un si bon matelas (idem pour l'oreillé).
Rien à dire sur les petits déj, car nous les prenions à l'extérieur ( cf mes autres commentaires).
En passant par Bookjing ou Hotel.com, les tarifs sont OK ce qui donne un très bon rapport qualité-prix An excellente adress !

Location is great!
And the rooms are clean and good sized!
Gym is 'standard' hotel gym with multiple treadmills, elipticals, and low weight dumbells and a few 'machines'.
Onsite bar has good food and friendly staff!
We have a corporate rate here as well, so you can't beat it!

I would definitely stay here again.
The location was perfect.
Close to the university and State Street.
Free Parking.
Staff was very helpful and friendly.
Breakfast (if part of your rate) was very good.
I don't think I want to stay anywhere else, when in Madison.

VERY nice experience.
Their signature FREE, WARM cookies are so great!
They had them even when we arrived at 11:30 at night :)  The room was awesome too: nice and updated bathroom with a cool shower that doesn't have a door to it really, just a glass wall that covers half of the shower's length that's in place permanently.
Pretty fancy.
Plus, the beds were super comfy.
Decently located.
Highly recommend.

We had such a nice stay at the Doubletree.
My husband and I are local, but wanted to take a "night off" for our anniversary.
I called ahead that morning to see if we could get a room upgrade.
Joey, the front desk attendant, couldn't upgrade us, since they were booked.
But said he would be sure to do something special.
We had a warm welcome and a "Happy Anniversary" when we checked-in.
And when we got to our room, there were chocolate covered strawberries and champagne waiting for us with a card from the front desk.
Way to go above and beyond.

Upon check in we were given warm cookies that were oh so good!
Our room was spacious, beds comfortable, pillows cushy, and had a fridge and microwave.
The pool was nice and had a hot tub.
In other hotels we have stayed at the pool towels have been small, thin and rough.
The Doubletree pool towels are large and soft!
When we came back from dinner our curtains were drawn and we had chocolate on our pillows!
I appreciated the thermostat to regulate the room temperature.
It would have been great if the bathroom had a ceiling fan for ventilation.
The hotel is within walking distance to the Capitol and many great shops and restaurants.

I stayed there with my daughter for her orientation to U.W.
Madison, and we stayed there again when visiting her recently.
The location is ideal.
The rooms are clean and spacious, the beds are comfortable, and the bathroom is beautiful.
My favorite part was that there was actually a separate recycling bin, something I've never seen in a hotel room.
Also, there was bottled water in the fridge, with no indication that it was for sale.
I drank it and did not incur any extra charges.
My one complaint is about the shower.
Although the bathroom is very modern and lovely, and the half-door on the shower is effective enough at keeping water out of the rest of the room, it makes it difficult to share a bathroom if you want any privacy from other occupants.
My daughter and I would have liked for one of us to be able to do our hair while the other showered, but we don't usually hang out naked together, so it took longer to get ready in the mornings.

Just got back from a great 2-night stay here.
Great location, walking distance to everything.
The staff goes above and beyond.
We will be back!

