Came across this salon because it's in our neighbor hood and my husband was tired of going to those quick cut places which you normally have to wait.
After finding this salon we haven't tried any other because Susie does such a wonderful job and my husband is quite picky about his hair.
After seeing what a wonderful job Susie does, I decided to give her a try myself and I have to say she sure knows what she's doing...either with men's cut or women's she does an amazing job.
You can tell she's been doing this for years because she's quick with the scissors not like some salon stylist that takes forever because they are new to the field and still need lots of pratice.
The only draw back is that it's on the pricier side...$30 for men and $50+ for women but it's worth it every time because we get good results.

Moved here and needed to get my hair highlighted, after calling several places this place seemed to be the cheapest.
Hair stylist was okay, nothing spectacular.
My color came out ok, once again nothing spectacular.
At check out the price I was told over the phone was doubled and the girl had the nerve to ask for tip.
It wasnt worth what I paid and i wont go back.

Very friendly and comfortable feeling salon.

I have had great experiences at the salon.
I'm surprised that this salon garners so many dollar signs...I've found them very reasonable w/ cost for cut/color and highlights.
My fave stylist is Suzie - I know she will always have the latest in hair color/highlights as well as styles.
She really knows her craft and stays up-to-date with the trends!
I have also seen a couple other stylists at this salon and they are great as well.
The front office staff are always so helpful and friendly as well.
Please check this salon out.

Just tried this salon last week and am very happy with my experience.
My stylist was Rachel and she did a fantastic job so i will be returning in 2 months.
Great deal for $33 you get a cut, style and a deep hot conditioning treatment

Got microdermabrasion there and my boyfriend gets his haircut.
Micro helps when my acne breakouts.
We really like the place.
Super clean and the staff is always friendly.
We will both be back!

Was in yesterday because I desperately needed some locks removed!
I had been here well over a year ago,  & have no idea why I waited so long to come back.
I had the same stylist, Marienne (& it's hard now a days to get the same person in the same place), & she did amazing, I feel like I've got ALL new hair on my head!
I'm also going to try the nail services with my Aunt today, since the special right now is a GREAT price.
So in a matter of speaking, I think I found my new salon & I'm super excited about it!

Cassandra is AMAZING; she is patient and really listens to what you want.
I love how she is professional and confident.
I knew right away I could trust her with my precious locks.
I have long thick Latina hair that usually overwhelms hair stylist's but not Cassandra.
She jump right in and did an amazing job, matching my hair extensions color.
I love that she uses Organic Color Systems because it doesn't smell bad and it doesn't damage your hair.
I am so blessed to have found my forever hairstylist to meet all my hair needs.
Cannot wait to go back and see her for my Brazilian Blowout.
I highly recommend Cassandra to everyone looking for an affordable hairdresser who knows what she is doing in the North Las Vegas area!!!!!!
Tip: Port Salon sells MOROCCANOIL products super cheap compared to other salons that jack up their prices.

My amazing nail tech has arrived at this salon!
Judy is the best, creative and quality work!
I can't say enough about the nails she had done for my daughter.
I think the pictures speak for themselves.

I went to this salon today because of the reviews here in yelp.
I called them and they got me an appointment today!!
They are friendly and very good at what they do!!
It is a very relaxing environment!!
Each of the ladies took their time and did not rush through things like some places do.
I got a haircut and a pedicure.
She took her time with my hair and listened to what I wanted and didnt try pushing products on me....
I chose to get the gel on my nails instead of the polish, it lasts longer and is beautiful!!
I could not be happier with both of them :) I am glad I made the decision to go here!!!
I will be back :)

