Well, first off I did not know what kind of place this was when I went in.
We thought the name looked cool, and the place is new.
Turns out it is kind of a "Hooters" with Scottish theme.
So all the waitresses are young women wearing outfits that cover as little skin as possible.
The place is not very family friendly in my opinion.
Totally a place for guys who think waitresses in low cut bras are a necessary thing.
Apart from that, the food was a bit over priced for what you got.
My "Fish and Chips" had cold/room temp fries.
And it was nothing special in terms of quality.
Needless to say, I won't be eating there again.
Not really into the ogling ladies in public while eating average food thing.

I was intrigued by the concept of an Irish Hooters, so I went.
The good: A) Their garlic fries (or whatever they're called) are tasty.
B) Admittedly, the skanky outfits are kind of cute.
The bad and ugly: A) Mixed drinks seemed to be watered down.
B) The girls ("entertainers," as they're called) looked young enough to still be in high school, which was just gross.
C) Our waitress seemed awfully pissed off about our being there, spending money.
We had a friend join us midway through our dinner & drinks.
She appeared 30 seconds after he arrived (and hadn't been able to look through the menu yet).
He told her that he needed a minute to decide.
She disappeared for at least 20 minutes and we had to flag down another waitress to go get her.
She came back and said, "What do you want?
"  ....Classy.
Not really worth it, unless you want an outfit change from Hooters-orange.

*******NOTE***this review was for the EAST side location which has now closed.
I haven't been to the west side spot...... ************ my wife and i gave this place a shot curious about the outfits and the idea of a "slutty applebees" style place, but it was so disappointing we would never go back.
The place is in an old Damon's Restaurant and looks it.
There is no original atmosphere and no energy at all.
The outfits are cute, but even my wife was confused at how old you had to be to work there.
We ordered an appetizer-spinach/artichoke dip- which was bland and just served with generic tasteless chips.
They didn't have captain morgan, a wisconsin bar staple, or really much of anything else in stock.
If you wanted to go meet creepy middle aged men or high school boys this is your spot, otherwise there are so many really good bars in madison don't waste your time.

3 words:  disgusting, disgusting, and fucking disgusting.
Oh wait, that was 4.

You have to try the garlic fry's.
I've had almost all the sandwich's on the menu.
Everything has been super yummy.
Even got my mom addicted to their food : )

Lots of food for a reasonable price.
If I had kids I would bring them here.
It's just not that big of a deal.
Went with my husband and they had really good music.

