Cons: - loud neighbors that just sit outside and drink.
-Maintence sucks -The sink isn't separated into 2 like a normal sink.
Good luck doing dishes  -oven doesn't work  -  Cons: -neighbors are loud  -I feel unsafe just walking to my car with all the guys standing outside drinking taunting you.
-hardly ANY parking -too many careless pet owners  -security gates don't work.
Gate always open -only one sink.
Not divided into 2 like all sinks.
Good luck doing dishes -front door won't close right after maintenance attempted to fix it twice!
-rent is due on 1st of month and won't be accepted when office is closed or a courtesy 2 days extended.
-cox Internet problems in this location   Pros: -ducks in pool  -seeing all the stray cats  -the drama I get to see every night

Cons Infested with scorpions police are always here, have seen 3 stand off situations If you need a one stop shop for drugs move here plenty of sellers Pretty sure the leasing lady is on meth or crack too It takes forever for maintenance to get to your order car has been broken into numerous times lots of stray cats raise your rent every time up for renewal tenants don't watch their kids they are out until all hours of the night Very disrespectful teenagers and under age drinking lots of dog poo very high speed bumps that scrape the bottom of your car nothing in the gym works expensive laundry single compartment sink minimal parking that isn't covered GLAD I MOVED OUT  Pros Close to freeway Close to Fry's Close to MCC Close to Fast food

Pretty much the only good thing is the rent is decent.
Other than that, management is awful.
They can't even find a simple package for someone without making a fuss and getting two people involved.
The gate hasn't worked in at least over a year, then when they finally get it working no ones codes seem to work and they've all gone home for the day.
Figures.
There's tons of families who don't seem to think watching their children is important, the kids are always trashing the grassy areas or screaming.
Someone has even gotten jumped outside my bedroom window one night!
I don't recommend living here if you can avoid it.

