Chakra 4 used to be the herb stop but the same people are there they have just expanded that's all.
If you are into natural remedies this is the best spot one might ever find.
When I lived in Phoenix it was always my go to if anything was going on with my body.
It is nestled right behind Trader Joe's  and next to LA Fitness, in the Town & Country shopping center.
Forgive me if I am wrong but I believe the guru is named Kita, she knows everything about herbs and how they can help you.
I now am in Tucson which has nothing that comes close to Chakra 4 so we ordered on line, what a relief.
They have a huge selection of bulk herbs, the best pre-mixed herbal teas ever, herbal capsules, tinctures, oils, extracts, incense, books, and from what i hear an all natural cafe.
If you have never been a believer or are a believer a visit here will make you more of a believer, love this place!

I picked up a copy of a natural remedies book a few months ago but was dissuaded from trying any of the more complex recipes for facial cleansers, moisturizers, and home care because I had to order herbs online and I really like being able to see what I'm purchasing.
Now that I live in Phoenix I am blessed to have found Chakra 4 Herb which holds a cornucopia of herbal concoctions.
I went in with a list of herbs that frankly I've never heard of and they had all of them and dozens more.
The store is tucked on the interior path of the Town & Country strip mall and even though it's small it is well organized and spacious and they have even opened up their business with a cafe!
The menu seems limited but delicious, I didn't stop to eat as I was on a shopping spree through the area but I will definitely be back for a meal and an infusion!
You can buy herbs by the ounce and they are somewhat expensive...yet less so than having to buy in bulk online and pay for shipping.
I would say the range was about $2 - $4 for each ounce of herby things I got yesterday.
Really friendly staff too, I am so excited to try out making my own natural beauty products!

As a vegetarian, I will tell you that this place is one of my favorites!
I am in love with both their Massage Salad and their Kaleidoscope Salad..both of these have kale as a base..they also have 'heartier" fare for my non-vegan/vegetarian boyfriend such as sandwiches and wraps My boyfriend loves the Basil Pesto Focaccia.
Unfortunately, the cafe is only open for lunch but I am holding out hope that they eventually extend their hours..

I love going here for lunch!
I have been there several times because it is close to work and I have to get out of the office!
I love the soups here.
Just had the vegetable and the ingredients were so fresh.
The salads are also very good.
I have tried the blueberry wrap and that is one of my favorites.
I have heard from the owner that she will even be delivering to office buildings in the area.
This is the best place to go if you like everything fresh.
Perfect vegetarian spot!

The restaurant is vegetarian heaven.
My wife and I tried a couple of wraps, one with side salad and one with quinoa pilaf, and a salad with chickpeas and tomatoes with tahini dressing, and a large batch of hot herb tea, which is served in a French press.
The salad came with some amazing bread, an olive bread and a cranberry/raisin bread, which they said is from Simply Bread (I asked, it was that good).
It was all very delicious and inspires me to try to make some similar dishes at home.
The total was just under $50, but it was way too much food; next time we will probably just share one wrap ($13) and one salad (varies).
The tea is a good deal, $6 for a large or $2 for a small, and they put such a large quantity of herbs in it that I think at their prices for herbs, the cost would probably be about the same if you made it yourself.
There are many varieties to choose from, which they mix up themselves, with various therapeutic properties.
As for buying herbs, they have everything, and as others have mentioned it's probably a good place to get some herbal advice, but the herbs are quite pricey.
After the Gentle Strength Coop was kicked out of their old digs and subsequently failed, there hasn't been much choice, but you can get a few bulk herbs cheaper at Sprouts (much fewer, actually).
I wish there was a cheaper option in this area of town, with a comparable selection.
An example... my wife likes to make tea from linden leaves ( in Russian).
In her home town, these trees line the streets; they are as ubiquitous as oleanders are here.
At Chakra 4, the leaves are sold for multiple dollars per ounce.
It's hard to believe they don't grow in abundance nearby too, perhaps in another state.
Somebody is making a lot of money from something which is not a scarce resource at all.
But not enough people are into such diverse types of farming or collecting/packaging, so that's what we have to put up with.
I really like the old Town & Country mall, and I hope it continues to survive.
Chakra 4 is also a valuable resource in this neighborhood.

Tucked in the back of the Town and Country shopping center in Phoenix, is one of the best places for gluten-free foods, especially desserts, called Chakra 4 Herb & Tea House.
This unique store is a favorite among many healthy foodies and is the source for all things herbal, and the home to wonderful vegan and raw foods.
Every time customers enter the store they are greeted by the wonderful aroma of herbs and spices; and the view of a display case filled with petite delectable chocolate desserts!
The list of menu items is quite extensive, but my favorite menu item it the Mother Earth Fudge Bar!
OMG, this chunky, chocolate bar is a chocolate-lover's dream!
This bar is so rich and yummy that you cannot eat the whole thing in the same day.
I typically divide it into thirds or fourths and eat a little bit every day.
Fabulous!!!
Apparently I am not the only one whole loves these bars because as soon as they make these, they sell out quickly!
Below are the ingredients:  Mother Earth Fudge Bar (Ingredients:  acai berries, cacao, spirulina, beet powder, coconut flakes, mineral salt, walnuts, cranberries, goji berries, almond butter, cacao nibs, and agave nectar syrup).
Though majority of the menu items are gluten-free, please note that this restaurant is not a 100% gluten-free environment, so be sure to tell the waiter if you have gluten or other intolerance/allergies.

Finally got to go here for lunch today.
It was so delicious.
The food tastes very fresh and super healthy.
They have whole and half wraps....very glad I went with the half wrap because it is humongous!
Also came with a side of quinoa pilaf which was tasty,   I treated myself to one of their chocolate truffles afterwards.
They have a selection of hand crafted chocolates for each chakra.
I had the 6th chakra truffle which was infused with blueberry and lavendar.
The staff is super friendly and helpful.
Looking forward to visiting again when it's a less busy time to browse the store and get a tea leaf reading.

We actually plotted this lunch place as a destination as an excuse to ride our shitty crusiers and 1-speeds from Tempe to Phoenix on a lovely day.
My friend is a hardcore vegan, I am a lactose intolerant vegetarian so most lunch places are a straight-up bust for us.
But after wandering through Washington St and the awesomely bike friendly Campbell for almost 2 hours, we were thankful for this place being open.
I had never been to this plaza before, a very cool old school strip mall courtyard with unique tiled storefronts, interesting lunch places, well maintained desert landscaping with lots of seating around cobblestone and places easily to lock up our bikes.
Entering the herb shop, the sight of sage brushes and herbs may be vaguely Gremlins like, but don't let its pure hippie-ness dissuade you!
To the left is a display case of all kinds of small ornate chocolates (how exactly does coconut curry work as a vegan truffle?
) with very 8th dimension names of the Chakras.
Here is where you may start to panic.
BUT-still don't!
This place is busy!
Mostly hippie moms who want their organic tea w/organic local agave sweeteners and feeding their croc-ed footed little girls in hemp sweaters blueberry salad wraps, power lunches b/w women with asymetrical haircuts and Ellen Fisher cardigans and the random hot guy who probably does a lot of yoga and watches feminist porn.
BUT-enough of the crowd!
Settling into outside while lots of adorable United Colors of Bennetton children ran around in ironic t-shirts (Lock your Girls up!
) and playing with wooden toys, I think the waitress simply didnt see us.
So we went in, got our menus a little grouchily (dude, if you have been riding your bike a long while, you get ravenous) and our waitress answered all our questions about the pumpkin soup, if the green tea was available decaf, if the bread had egg in it, etc.
The food came much quicker than I thought it would.
My soup (which I thought she gave me a bowl instead of a cup, that is how large the serving was!
) was the Pumpkin special, dairy and meat free and absolutely perfect texture.
It went well with their homemade walnut and cranberry bread as an accompaniment.
My friend got the Cowgirl wrap, half size which really is large!
Trust me, it is the size of a regular wrap and came with spicy lentils and fresh greens and so many kinds of good stuff and she got the side of Quinoa which is truly savory and warm and good stuff as another reviewer stated.
I had to help her with her wrap and I couldn't finish my cup of soup.
So while her wrap was $11 and my soup was $6, we still had food left over and had to force feed each other lunch.
Our special Mango Green tea, the iced tea special of the day, was refilled at no extra charge and refilled pretty often.
She even indulged in a sunflower nut butter filled dark chocolate cup (like Reeses but hippied the fuck OUT) for $2.50, which seemed kinda steep but she loved it, so, there you have that.
All the salads looked fantastic, but this is very strictly lunch affair of salads, soups, sammies, and wraps so keep that in mind when you come here.
We were able to bring our bill over to the spice store since my friend needed to get herbs (and organic cat nip) and add it to the bill so she didnt have to keep pulling out her debit card.
The ladies working the counter had unfortunate tie-dyed shirts on but were very friendly without being Stepford about it.
As a lunch stop while you are at work, unless you get speedier recognition than we did, I wouldn't recommend it.
This is a leisurely lunch spot (or take home).
There were at least 8 kids running around in the court yard screaming, so that was a little jarring.
While we talked, I realized our neighbors could acutely hear everything we were saying which made me slightly more self conscious.
A little more proactive-ness would get this place another star and some nice outside seating for the restaurant.

This review is on the store side, not the restaurant side, of chakra four.
I love coming here for their loose leaf teas because they have so many, probably over 100 and you can smell all the jars and open them all up to your hearts content.
Every one of them which I have smelled and then purchsed, tasted exactly as it smelled when I got home and brewed it.
They are not cheap, but what you get is a high quality product and the people who work here are very nice.
They also offer many medicinal herbs and suppliments with creative and sometimes humorus names.

Very nice little shop.
I love the teas and the truffles.
I haven't had the time for lunch, but after glancing at the menu I might just have to make time.
Everything sounded SO good.
Very friendly and helpful staff.
I love looking around on my lunch break.
It's great to get out of the office and walk around.
And when I do, I always find myself there!

i have only tried one thing on the menu - the black bean sunflower wrap - it is awesome!
i am not vegetarian/vegan & i tend to grab-n-go so i have never been in the cafe for the full dining experience.
but in my opinion, the wrap is good enough to negate all other things.. they could honestly sell it to me from the back of a pickup truck in an abandoned parking lot and i would still come back time & time again.
tip - the half wrap is $11 & the full wrap (which is really 2 half wraps) is $15.. to get the best bang-for-yer-buck always get the full and save the rest for later or share with a friend :)

This was my second outing to Chakra 4 Herb and Tea House.
I just love this place.
I got there 30 mins before lunch.
So I decided to get some tea and people watch.
Well it is a good thing I got there 30 mins prior because it took me just about that long to figure out what I wanted.
The menu is small but the choices all sound heavenly.
Choices, choices, choices.
I got the black bean sunflower wrap and it was great.
Not to mention huge and that was the 1/2.
I got the quinoa pilaf as my side dish.
I love quinoa.
It was the best I ever had.
Very simple with mint, dill, pumpkins seeds a little lemon and oil.
I could eat this all day.
A must have if you like quinoa.
I also had the chance to sample the soups of the day.
The lemon potato soup was nice and creamy and with a zest of lemon.
This is of course a tea house.
I love tea.
The varieties there are just awesome.
You will not be disappointed if you are a tea lover.
But don't get offended if they offer you sweetener.
No sweetener for me.
I just want to enjoy the flavor of the tea, which btw was An Elephant Never Forgets.
According to the description this tea was for mental clarity and focus etc.
However, I was so sleepy after lunch I could barely keep my eyes open on the trek back to the east side.
The service is great.
Very attentive and knowledgeable.
I would give it 5 stars if it was not so small.
But other than that it is all good.

I haven't eaten at a Vegan eatery, but being hungry and wanting to eat something good for me and a friend picking and driving got me to Chakra 4!
I was very impressed, we started with tea, a Black Tea flavoured with Summerfruit.
Perfect!
I had the Bread Plate and my friend the White Bean and Saffron Soup, my plate came with Basil Pesto/Sundried Tomatoe CreamChees/Sunflower Butter, I loved the Pesto and Sunflower butter, the bread was very very good too!!!
I did try the soup, it was delish!
I had the Golden Hummus 1/2 wrap, a substantial and tasty beast I must say, and my friend had the Rawsome Avocado wrap, and wow, that was amazing!
I am pretty cheap right now and I will say that I got my money's worth for sure, the food was great.
The atmosphere is really delightful and welcoming.
I would go again and indeed probably will!

Had lunch here yesterday after hiking Camelback.
My friend and I wanted something tongue-tickling and refreshing and grounding.
So after a drive-by True Foods I remembered that I'd wanted to Chakra 4.
Friend, "Oh cool, me too!
" So we headed on over.
After considering nearly every wrap we finally decided on a full-sized blueberry wrap.
It and the accompanying side salad were the perfect size for the two of us.
So we ate every morsel and sipped green tea outside under an umbrella.
Service was quick and friendly.
And I popped into the herb shop to search for a desert plant that'd moved me to "feelings of high joy" on my hike earlier!
Well instead of urging me to just buy something, the knowledgeable shopkeeper advised me to pick the plant/flower that so called to me, from the desert myself.
Finally we determine that it was creasote.
I love herb shops and this is a sweet one.

(For those not aware, a chakra is one of the seven centers of spiritual energy in the human body according to yoga philosophy.
The fourth chakra is the heart chakra.
)  Tucked away in the Town & Country Shopping Center is Chakra 4 Herb & Tea House, a unique establishment that provides herbs, teas, advice, a specialized diet menu (vegetarian, vegan and raw) as well as scheduled events.
The Store: I first found Chakra 4 when searching for teas and herbs on the Internet to accompany my raw food diet.
Upon my entrance I was greeted happily by the proprietor and offered immediate assistance.
Upon request, advice was given (for they had three versions of the tea I was looking for) further suggestions regarding preparation, and quick checkout.
This has been the standard for service whenever I visit the Store  There are _walls_ of herbs and normally two to four staff to assist the many customers.
Check out their website to see the depth of their product selection and knowledge.
The Cafe': I have eaten here a few times over the weekend (weekdays they close at 7).
The food is excellent, tasty and oh, so good for you.
As I said, I have been on a raw food diet and have found plenty to be had on their menu.
They also have a separate menu for teas and infusions to address any number of health issues or moods.
The only problem I have with Chakra 4 is the cafe's service.
Unlike the store, the cafe' is not as attentive.
I have witnessed people confused about the outside seating because when they sit down, no server approaches them.
I have also had to come to the counter a couple times to ask for my bill.
You should also check regularly for their hours, as sometimes they close the store for events such as a solstice celebration or cooking classes.

Chef Justin Berry is a genius.
His wraps are the best.
I absolutely love The Cowgirl and the Black Bean Sunflower.
My husband's fav is the Nutty Rawvocado and he also enjoys the Blueberry Fields Forever.
The half-size wrap is plenty big.
I wouldn't get the whole unless sharing.
The soup of the day is always very creative and interesting.

Cafe Review  I can see why raw foodists adore this place.
It has a lot to offer.
If you are huge into vegetables, raw foods, fresh tea this is a fantastic place for you.
Its about a fresh as fresh can get, and tastes green.
Its good, portions are large, you can split a wrap easily.
If you're looking for cooked dishes this really isn't your place, they don't really seem to have much to offer on that.
However their soup was good.

Great vegan and vegetarian food!!!
The tea selection is also of course awesome.
The black bean hummus wrap was excellent and the salads are very tasty.
Everything is organic and fresh.
After the meal I had a very satisfying feeling knowing I ate healthy and it tasted great!
We will definitely come back for more.

This place is phenomenal.
Even if you're not a vegetarian, the food is fantastic.
Today, I had watermelon gazpacho and the cowgirl wrap, both were amazing.
I ordered the allergy fighting tea off the menu, which had TONS of different teas, for all different kinds of things.
The service was excellent, and afterward, I was able to buy some tea in bulk and it was very reasonably priced.
I definitely recommend visiting this place.
If I lived in Phoenix, I would totally make this a regular stop.

It's been a while since I ate at this cafe, but the experience was so good that it stays with me.
My friend and I were traveling through Arizona on tour and met some girls at a bar one night, I asked them where one should go for great vegan breakfast the next morning and this was the suggestion.
I remember the decor seeming like an intelligent use of low-budget furniture and decorations (read: IKEA), the bathroom had a toilet featuring full flush and half flush buttons, and there was a crisp use of contrasting colors and mosaic stones to add to the modern hip feel.
I felt like there was some actual caring behind the design of both the cafe as well as their menu.
The staff members were all super friendly and the waitress we had was excellent at suggesting the perfect tea.
The food was scrumptious, and if I had more money I would have still spent it all there.
So worth it!

The food?
Absolutely amazing.
And that's where it ends.
As a vegetarian, I am always looking for new places to eat.
I work near Chakra and a co-worker and I decided to head over there on our (hour) lunch break.
We walked in and saw a sign that said "please wait to be greeted!
" so... we did.
For almost ten minutes.
A few employees glanced at us and didn't say anything.
Finally, an employee told us we could "sit anywhere we wanted" - why did we need to wait to be greeted, then?
Oh well.
The food isn't cheap.
A tea and the Nutty Raw-vacado ran me nearly 20 bucks with tip.
Our server was all right, but it took ten minutes just to get her over to get our drink orders.
Another 25-30 minutes passed (we were looking at around 1:45 and we had to be back to work by 2PM) and our food was finally out.
And it was REALLY good.
The plate was overflowing with greens and my sandwich was delicious.
We stuffed our faces pretty quickly - I didn't get to enjoy my food half as much as I would've liked!
My co-worker mentioned that last time he had eaten at Chakra, he had ended up having a nearly 2-hour lunch because of the slow service.
I hate to say it, but, for almost all raw food, what the heck is taking so long in the kitchen?
As delicious as the food was, I have to say - I probably won't be back to Chakra.

Chakra easily gets 4 starts in my book because if I try to access the website at work it is blocked - "The Websense category "Supplements and Unregulated Compounds" is filtered.
" You know it's got to be good stuff if it's filtered at work, all the best stuff is filtered at work.
Onto the cafe...
I should really visit Chakra more often.
It's actually healthy Vegan food, usually when I head out we are going for more of the junk Vegan food variety but for 2011 maybe I will make some changes.....maybe not.
The food is great, I had soup and the their version of a quesadilla.
Everything had great flavor and wasn't heavy on anything besides the good healthy stuff.
Place is very chill and waitstaff was great.
My only complaint being that when I entered I was not sure if I was supposed to seat myself or wait to be seated.
I stood there for a few minutes like some protein deficient vegan moron and subsequently got ignored a few times till I finally just asked and was seated.
Also, everything appears to be healthy here and they make it a point to tell you on the menu, yet they also make it a point to exclude ALL soy products but they have dairy products??!
What?!
Ok, not all soy products are created equal and there isn't much concrete evidence surrounding this great soy debate anyway.
You won't lose me as a customer but I wouldn't mind if there was some organic tofu or tempeh on the menu either.
Just know I am laughing inside that you are including dairy products but excluding soy and I will drop it.
In total I guess that is two complaints.
Don't let my minor annoyances discourage you (most of my annoyances are relateable by .5% of the population), this place is solid with solid healthy food.
I would not give it 4 stars if it wasn't.
Go eat and enjoy.

I have eaten here several times and always enjoy the food.
The food is always very fresh and with a great deal of flavor.
My favorite wrap is the black bean sunflower--the half wrap is very filling and a symphony of tastes.
I love being able to get a pot of tea to make ice tea with as well.
on my recent visit--I had a nori roll with a great peanut dipping sauce--it was again a wonderful blend of tastes.
if you are in the mood for vegetarian done right--try Chakra.

I have wanted to eat at this place for a while.
I am vegan and my boyfriend insists on eating at the Cajun restaurant Baby Kay's just a few doors down which only has a house salad to offer me.
After checking with both restaurants, Baby Kay's was nice enough to allow me to order from Chakra 4 while dining on their patio.
I ordered the Rawvacado with quinoa side salad and a tiny caramel filled , heart-shaped chocolate.
I really, really wanted to love my food experience, but it just tasted too earthy (gasp!
) to me.
Everything tasted a bit too healthy.
Perhaps if I had chosen to eat here after a good run or intense yoga class I would have been happier.
I will return again Chakra 4 and I'm sure you will woo me with something more delectible.

love this place.
i go here after a workout for a healthy dose of nutritional good eats.
the wraps, soups and elixirs are fresh and the stuff dreams are made of.

The food here is tas-teee, and all vegetarian to boot!
I would come here more often but it's pretty pricey.
I've also always hungered for those delicious-looking vegan chocolates in the display case, but I've never been able to bring myself to spend the money.
Maybe on a special occasion I'll suprise my boyfriend with some.
I'm not crazy about the atmosphere; It's a little too frou-frou for me.
I'm a vegetarian, but I don't buy into the whole new age thing, so their decorations and ads for tea leaf readings, ear candling, and all that pagan stuff strike me as a little hokey.
That's no problem though...I'll get my food to go.

AMAZING!
Food is outstanding.
I can't believe i haven't come here sooner.
I guess i had the impression that a "tea house" wouldn't sell much more than tea, but boy was i wrong.
The menu is huge here, and i was very impressed with all the vegan offerings.
Food was incredible.
I will be back!

Chakra 4 is most likely the best place in town for tea, tea infusions and herbal desires.
While I've never eaten at the cafe, the treats and plates always look yum.
The dried herbal goods are very reasonably priced.
The extracts are a little on the pricey side, but being the best place to find obscure things, it makes sense.
The actual tea (camellia sinensis - not herbal infusions) leaves (pun not intended!
) a bit to be desired.
I can respect that there is actually a decent selection of teas in store, but the broadness of them leaves a picky tea aficionado like myself less than impressed (that's why I give Chakra 4 four stars instead of five).
Green tea goes much deeper than "Green Tea", as does Darjeeling, white, oolong, black.
If you are in need of something in town, this is the place to go (for instance, I needed some herbs for a tea remedy today - I could not wait).
If you want to talk to a knowledgeable, friendly person, this is the place for you.
If you are looking for strange and highest quality estate teas, you won't find a place in Phoenix...move somewhere else.

I really liked this place!
I had an iced chai drink and the sweet potato chowder with a black-bean sunflower wrap.
Everything tasted like love was put into it.
I hope that love is organic.

Although I am impressed with the herb store that is part of this establishment, the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired.
Let's start with the tables & chairs:  very tiny (like for children's tea parties) and rickety (although it adds to a sense of excitement and paranoia -- to compliment the sense of inferiority they attempt to engender with their "we will wait on you when we feel like it because we are more elightened about veganism than you" treatment).
A few of the items that interested my husband on the menu happened to be unavailable and apparently this is not ucommon at Chakra 4 according to some other reviews here.
I ordered the watermelon gespacho (sp?
), which was very good.
Their bread / toast is another matter.
It was very hard (think thin patio paver).
Although it was drenched in olive oil, I broke the corner of my lower left tooth completely off (I think I must have swallowed it) when biting into it.
Since I didn't realize it until about an hour after leaving the restaurant,  they would not refund the meal or offer to pay my resulting dental bill.
They have a very limited and uncooperative refund policy when it comes to having issues with their food.
I think the only way they would have refunded the meal was if I were accompanied by a camera team who filmed the entire meal and the broken tooth incident, as well as a forensic team who could analyze the contents of my stomach/bowels for the tooth chip, and a cement engineer to test the hardness of their bread/toast versus that of my tooth, which doesn't seem cost effective...  At least I got my calcium when I swallowed my own tooth chip -- I literally got "my calcium"!
If you have any old, stale bread that you are considering throwing out, or that has sat in the sun for a few days after accidentally being left on your back patio table following a meal outside, by all means send it to Chakra 4 so they can then TOAST it, then drizzle a little EVOO on it and serve it to their customers -- RECYCLE PEOPLE!
But don't expect any sympathy or cooperation if you leave their restaurant with your smile looking like Wil-E-Coyote's after he accidentally missed the Roadrunner and instead bit down on an Acme metal plate.

I recently read somewhere that Red Raspberry leaf tea is beneficial during pregnancy, and that it specifically helps to strengthen the pelvic and uterine muscles so that once labor does start the muscles will be more efficient.
Hmm... considering I'm past my due date, I figured it couldn't hurt to get some of this stuff!
I'd dined at Chakra 4 Vegetarian Restaurant once before and had a lovely experience... it's not my typical meal as everything there is vegetarian or vegan, but it's healthy and almost like a unique escape from my usual rotation of restaurants.
So, when I decided to search for Red Raspberry leaf tea, this place came to mind, and they delivered!
Jared joined me for lunch here, and I was pleasantly surprised that he really liked it... Maggie was our server and couldn't have been sweeter.
Jared started with an iced chai tea and ordered a wrap / soup combo for his meal.
I went with the Red Raspberry leaf tea and had "Chef Justin's Special Raw Living Raw Living Garden Burger" for my meal.
(See pic of menu description).
The food here is pricey but I guarantee you will feel super healthy no matter what you order!
We opted out of dessert both visits, but there were plenty of delicious looking options to choose from, so save room if you'd like to end your meal with something sweet.
I took some of the Red Raspberry leaf tea home with me and have been drinking a ton of it in hopes that I will have an easy labor/delivery real soon.
The tea was very moderately priced when taken to-go by the way, which was a pleasant surprise.
Regardless of what happens in the next few days, I do recommend Chakra 4 Vegetarian Restaurant and their tea room, and I will be back!

My parents took me to Chakra 4 for my birthday and it was fabulous!
First of all the Town & Country shopping center where it's located is absolutely charming in itself!
The restaurant is small and cozy and has a lot of character.
The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.
We had a large press of the "joyful" (i think) tea which we also got 50% a discount on because of my yelp "check in".
I also ordered their special water carafe which had muddled oranges, mint and some flower I can't remember.
Super yummy!
My parents are both currently eating raw so my mom got the "noritos" which were amazing!
So fresh and yummy!
My dad got the "tacos carnivale" which were also incredible!
I ordered the "veggie-dilla" which was very good too, but after tasting both of my parents dishes I really wish I would have ordered one of those.
I definitely will next time.
For dessert we split a piece of the "raw chocolate cherry cheesecake" which was incredibly rich and satisfying.
I highly recommend this place and can't wait to get back there myself to try one of those raw dishes!

Chakra has a very cute little cafe which I really enjoyed my first time there.
The day before, I had a steak for dinner..shhhh..however, really wanted a veggie filled meal for lunch.
I ordered the Pesto Basil Focaccia (tomatos, olives, peppers, feta) with a mixed green salad with a zesty lemon dressing.
I loved it.
Lots of flavor and the bread itself was moist and light with a crispy bottom.
Cost was somewhat high I thought ($15) when ordering, yet it was really good and what I wanted so I was ok with the price .
It did take awhile for it to come out, however, I wasn't in a hurry though.
The tea of the day was a strawberry green tea.
Very good, light on the strawberry so it didn't taste like a juice.
I did purchase some Vanilla rooibos tea and a cherry black tea.
Only complaint and being a Tea Snob with over 3 years working in the Tea industry and 80 hours of training, the teas should be in air tight light tight containers; keeping the air out keeps the teas fresh (green teas will go badly quickly!
)  Chakra staff was very helpful and friendly.
I will go back to purchase herbs and teas in the future.

This little tea house and herb shop is a healing oasis of healthful, hippie goodness.
Lots of teas, tonics and elixirs to choose from.
Food is vegetarian, mostly raw, vegan and organic.
Super pure and fresh, great flavors.
They will work around your dietary restrictions.
Wonderful scents from the tea and herb shop.
Yummy chocolates.
Yes, the service is slow, this is *not* fast food, take-out or Starbucks!
It is a place to slow down, relax and enjoy your meal or tea.
Whenever I come here, I leave totally refreshed and revitalized.
Open only for tea time, not for dinner.

I must begin this review by stating how sad I am that I waited so long to discover this place.
Really.
OK, I'll be honest- it does have a little bit of a hippie-ish feel to it, but I am partially a team of that squad anyway so I really do not mind.
It just makes me feel healthy to be around it.
We were seated right away, no air headed employees made us wait.
I quickly decided on the Kaliedescope salad and my mom had a wrap with a side of the quinoa pilaf.
My salad, at a whopping $15, was not nearly what I expected given I was trying to use it AS the meal : / Honestly, kind of a rip for that much but, it was a damn good salad.
A little bit to salty but the mix of different ingredients was amazing.
My mom's wrap was indeed quite large, but the quinoa pilaf that accompanied it was *amazing*!!!
So, so flavorful.
We did not order dessert, mainly because their dessert portions are TINY and, well, I make raw vegan desserts at home myself.
No need to buy them.
Overall though, I will certainly return!

The fact that there's a hippy-dippy herb and tea house that seems like it's straight out of Sedona, smack dab in a shopping center in Phoenix, never fails to surprise and impress me.
Chakra 4 offers a totally unique experience.
It's not strictly vegan, but everything can be made vegan.
Unlike every other vegan restaurant in the area, it's not about comfort food or proving that vegan food tastes like "normal food".
They don't do fake meat and sauces, but instead, focus on vegetables, legumes, nuts spreads, and herbs.
If you're unaccustomed to raw food, the menu may seem pretty foreign to you, but still allows for exploration of more nutritious food without any flavors that are too out of the ordinary (unless you only eat fast food).
For health aficionados, though, an eatery that leaves you feeling better than when you walked in is gratefully received and appreciated.
My currents favorites include The Hercules, a black bean burrito with sweet potatoes, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, guacamole, and vegan or jack cheese, and the Mediterranean Wrapsody, a sun dried tomato wrap filled with greens, tomato, olives, walnuts, feta, red onion, and raw sun-dried tomato cashew spread.
Definitely the more health-nut tasting of the two, this hearty wrap leaves me fully beyond full, but never sick.
If you start feeling like you might not have room for dessert, buck up.
The chocolates are amazing.
All the truffles are naturally sweetened, dark and rich.
If you're feeling adventurous, try a raw dessert.
Warning: the raw desserts are so filling that they can actually serve as a meal.
If you want to try a few things, either go with a group, or prepare to take a lot home.
While Chakra 4 may not be suited for everyone's tastes, it's definitely a must-try at least once.

Yeah, it's a great concept, as there are more and more people becoming vegan.
They also have an extensive selection of herbs and such.
The place is clean.
But the 3 most important things to me in a restaurant are: the quality of the food, the value for the price, and the service.
Chakra failed on all 3 counts.
The service: awful.
I waited and waited at the counter, and I was ignored, even by the woman at the register who's evidently doing some kind of accounting.
Fine, I can understand the need for business processes, but she could at least have LOOKED UP and smiled and told me she'd be with me in a moment.
I had to be standing there for over 5 minutes, more like 10 - and ignoring me for that long was beyond rude.
Or one of the staff could have checked on me.
Nope.
I actually felt like I was bothering them for being there.
The food: also awful.
Granted, I only went there once (but once was enough for me).
I  forget exactly which one I ordered, it was some sort of wrap or burrito.
It sounded really good on the menu - a delicious mix chock-full of greens and various crunchy veggies.
Well, I got to my car and took a few bites and gave up.
It was almost entirely some sort of greens with very paltry portions of other vegetables (a couple of string-like shreds of celery) - I actually opened it up in my car to look for them.
What made it even worse was that the greens were wet, and the whole thing was water-logged and the tortilla got soaked through.
And there was absolutely ZERO seasoning!
Appalling.
Disgusting and unacceptable.
I threw it out.
The value: I cannot believe I paid $13 for this piece of garbage.
Not only that, it was supposed to come with a side of salsa, and wouldn't you know it, it did not.
It's rare for me to get so angry about an establishment, and I would have returned it had I not been on the go & headed to an appointment.

I tend to become stressed when I visit family for the holidays.
Not only because of the tight enclosed homes that as the days get shorter and chillier, more people with similar DNA pile in and everyone gets claustrophobic from hearing the same stories they've heard since they were young...for the fourth time that day.
Visiting folks in Phoenix, I got nervous about what I would be able to eat, what would be safe for me to eat, to be totally honest.
It was like a gastro-zombie apocalypse, and my stomach was grumbling.
And then I remembered Chakra 4 Tea House.
For the time when I briefly in PHX, I would come here for their wonderful herbs (unaware of anywhere other than a garden to acquire what I was searching for) and teas.
They have a beautiful and vast selection of dried plants, spices and teas.
Nom nom nom.
What great medicine!
This time, I went for their food medicine.
Service is wonderful-they let my friend and I chat without being intrusive with their service, didn't try to kiss our butts, and were generally very friendly and chill.
This place also does the all organic thing/no GMOs and supports local farms, so I felt safe eating what I wanted to eat here...I am not a raw vegan or even a vegetarian-I just like to eat healthily and responsibly.
I got their nutty ravocado...which was pretty darn tasty.
It made my taste buds, body and brain feel really happy, though I wanted more!!
My friend got the Hercules-this vegany burrito-I had a divine bite.
So did the dog.
Everyone had a happy tummy.
The Johnny Apple Wrap sounds like a party-I think I may have to replicate one in my kitchen!
I also got some tea, a couple raw macaroons, and a booster/shooter/something.
This place is a gem tucked away in a strip mall in the city where strip malls go to die.
My distaste for PHX aside, Chakra 4 made my trip heaps better, and tastier.
I am so glad they are still goin' strong!

I've gone here twice with family.
The food looks and tastes very good.
Very fresh, very vegan menu.
Staff were good.
The only 2 things I didn't like were 1.  it took awhile to get the order.
I understand though that everything is made fresh and hence the wait.
2.  kinda overpriced.
not a cheap lunch.
with that being said it was still very good.
staff very knowledgeable.
So  it'll be a long somewhat expensive lunch but worth it......

Good Place to eat

This place is great,  but there a few things that keep it from being 5 stars.
First off, the hours, they close at 3 on some days at at 7 on others, this makes it hard to even get here for me as I do not work near by.
Secondly the prices.
$15 for a salad and $18 for a large wrap is pretty steep considering I don't get table cloths.
Those two issues aside I like it, Great smells from the herbs, many healthy items in salad wrap or entree form and a extensive herbal tea selection.
We had a cow girl wrap large ($18) yes it was large, it was a bit burrito like with the beans, spicy mayo and avacado.I t was good, the quinoa salad on the side was nothing too special.
You decide if that is a good value or not.
We also had a quinoa salad, topped with many fresh veggies.
($15) this was good too (not great).
Service was sporadic as all of my refills on my iced tea came at the end of the meal  I would go back but not too often as the prices are roughly double what I think they should be.

I have found my new favorite veg friendly restaurant!
First off, everything is organic and as local as possible.
They don't have any mock meats, just pure food.
They have salads, wraps, soup, desserts, starters, and entrees.
Everything is vegetarian but can be made vegan, and a good portion of their items are raw.
They have a wide variety of loose leaf teas (can be ordered in a small or large press), they have healthy shooters (I love the Alkalize Now), elixers, house-made almond milk (tastes divine with the Vanilla Rooibos tea!!
), iced tea and more.
As for the food, whoa mama!
It's a culinary slam dunk in my opinion.
I have had several dishes here, including: The Rawvacado Wrap with the nut cheese substitute, the Nori Rolls (I drool), The Kaleidescope Salad (seeds, nuts, fresh herbs, kale, carrots, celery, lemon vinaigrette, side of bread), and let's not forget the amazingly vegan/raw desserts.
My favorite is the vanilla bean cheesecake!
So good we had to order more!
This place is a tad pricey for some, but for the quality of food you're getting, think of it as a tiny investment towards good health.
The vibe is super chill and laid back and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
When the bill is presented, they even give you a small bowl of fennel seeds to "help cleanse your palte and aid in digestion"!
Will definitely continue coming here for great, healthy food!

This is really as good as it gets for a vegetarian.
(Well I have been to better, but Phoenix is not Manhattan.
)  I wish I could have ordered about 5 menu items.
Many good choices.

Love the food... Love it.
When you can walk-in to a restaurant and feel cleaner walking out, they've done a good job.
I had the carrot-coconut soup, golden hummus, and I had pesto foccacia with nut cheese, and a gorgeous salad with yellow bell peppers, mint, tomatoes, carrots, cucumbers, and spring mix.
This was fresh and wonderful.
The raw vegan shooters were tasty!
Try them.
I forgot which one my fiancé got, but I stole a sip and it was lovely.
They sub in nut cheese for any dairy cheese, and serve teas and a lot of raw foods.
My fiancé got the raw zucchini alfredo that was amazing (you know I stole some!!).
Then we went to the market that it's adjoined with... For items you can buy at Whole Foods and Sprouts, they GOUGE.
2 ounces of goji berries for $14!?
I can get them at a health food store for $20 for a POUND, 8 times that!
Go there for the food, specialty teas, and maybe some tinctures.
But don't get your normal stuff there.

Message salad of Kale Glad Kitchen only open thurs - sat or i would be there every night

Great selection of teas, but didn't seem all that knowledgable or helpful in selecting them.
I expected a little more from a place not competing on price or convenience.
The experience was pretty standard hippie meh.
I expect specialty stores to command subject expertise.
I thought it was a bit lacking.
I might go back but not in the near future.

I enjoy eating here.
I look forward to it every time.
I love the teas, the desserts, the soups...  Not great for a quickie meal but delicious food and healthful...

I'm not a vegetarian.
In fact, vegetables and I have only recently made friends.
In the effort to spur on my fondness, my friend Meschelle introduced me to Chakra 4.
Walking into the place, I was instantly struck with what I can only describe as a cacophony of wonderful smells.
I know I'm mixing sense-descriptives, but just go with it.
We sat down, and a server (though I suspect she was much more than a server!
) greeted us warmly.
We started with Noritos, which are chips which are not chips.
They are made with seaweed and cashew then dried and they are really, really good.
The pico di gallo with it is super tasty and the guacamole rocked my taste buds.
I tried a salad, which was amazing, though the name of the salad now escapes me.
It's also full of natural stuff I'm not used to eating and also can't spell.
Next time I visit, which will me next week, I'll try the Moroccan stew.
I am looking forward to it!
On a side note, they also sell a variety of tea and herbs and spices, but also crystals and vials for homemade tinctures and potions.
Walking around, it felt a little like I'd just eaten lunch in a Wizard's study, except way more well-lit.
It's my new favorite place to get my healthy on.

If you are a vegetarian or vegan - you must try this place.
I am neither - but loved this place.
The "noritos" were awesome - wonderful colors and flavors.
i will never eat nachos again!
The roasted cauliflower soup was also delicious along with the Black Bean wrap.
Of course, we had to end the meal with some homemade dark chocolate with hemp seeds on it.
Very tasty!
If you are looking for clean, healthy food - this is the place.
Service was good and they have improved on the length of time it takes to get in and out of there.
i can now fit this in as a lunch spot.

Another one visit review....  Well I'm not sure when I will get back and I really liked this place so I will give them a shout out.
If you close your eyes and picture a Vegetarian Restaurant it's pretty much exactly like that.
The best way to describe it is very "Granola" with bright purple.
Since they sell tea the whole restaurant smells very much like a Chai Tea.
Which is very inviting and pretty nice.
The waitress I had was very nice and even though she was running around to all the tables was very efficient.
My lunch consisted of Water Melon gazpacho which when I was informed it was the special for the day I figured it would be really bad or really good.
Luckily it was very good.
Pretty much the perfect food for a 108 degree arizona day.
The Rawvacado wrap I had with it was very tasty and super fresh.
I highly recommend them both.
I also had a very cool Iced Chai Java tea.
I had never heard of it, but it is the wild cousin of and Iced Chai Tea with coffee thrown in.
I had one there and one to go it was that good.
When I am back on this side of town I will definitely stop back by.
Try: - Rawvacado Wrap - Iced Chai Java Tea - Watermelon gazpacho

Had the zuccini linguini.
Great!
Heathy, made me full fast.
They have raw and vegan options.
The chi tea was a coffee flavored caffine free tea.
Also very good.
Will come back.

Good variety.
Some "weird" dishes, such as the zucchini alfredo, which is served cold.
Yes they mentioned it was cold, so I wasn't surprised, but it was still an odd dish that isn't for everyone.
I understand many people want raw foods, but give the option to have something raw or warmed/cooked.
Good service, great variety of teas, and cute retail shop with tons of herbs/spices.

Chakra is a great option for people looking for genuinely healthy food.
They local and organic produce and have many raw options.
When you first get there, don't let the new-agey vibe turn you off.
Relax and enjoy it, it's an experience.
I love that they work with you if you are gluten-intolerant and they even offer nut cheeses for the vegans!
I've tried the rawvacado dip, noritos, their daily special mushroom soup and a few of their wraps.
Their specials can be a little pricey: ordered their gluten-free mushroom pizza and it was $18 -- so watch out for pricier monthly specials.
You'll see that their items range from $8-16 -- which is very reasonable considering they use all local, organic and seasonal produce.
It's a guilt-free treat to eat at Chakra 4, and everyone that works here is very helpful and will be glad to work with you to make your dining experience worthwhile.

The Moroccan Nomad stew over quinoa is my favorite dish with the smoked red lentil soup a close second.
I have brought carnivores here who gave this place the thumbs up and are happy to come back again.
I love the vegan options, that I don't have to watch people chew on dead animals while I'm trying to eat and that they use organic ingredients whenever possible.
The atmosphere is comforting and all the dishes I have tried are flavorful and satisfying.
I eat here whenever I am in this part of town.

Aaaaaaaaaah.
Take a deep breath and absorb the calm ambiance of Chakra.
It is a small but truly pleasant place.
It smells delightfully fresh and it is decorated in a thoughtful, New-Agey sort of way.
The dishes are pricey for the portions served; the only reason it gets 4 stars from me instead of five is the price point.
But, I admit that they are worth every bite.
Healthy, nicely presented, and unabashedly delicious.
It's almost like a food spa, if that makes any sense.
You go in hungry, you come out blissfully satisfied.
It's a raw vegan Shambhala!

Love place!
The food was great (both my dish and what my friend got) and very healthy.
This restaurant is particularly great for anyone who is vegetarian, vegan, gluten free or all of the above.
The teas and deserts are great, too... which is a real treat for those of us who are GFCF.
The restaurant was a little hard to find- it's nestled in the back of the plaza somewhat off the beaten path, but it's worth finding.
If you're into the natural health/ herb scene there is plenty to purchase- they have a wide variety of teas and herbs in their store... but off hand they looked a little on the pricey-er side.
Overall a wonderful experience- I will definitely be back!

Imagine you are hungry, really hungry.
Then imagine you are not really someone that eats meat.
Then imagine there is a vegetarian restaurant right by your house that is reviewed well.
Then fast forward to the point were you visit the restaurant and imagine the waitress to be acting preoccupied and treating you like you are inconveniencing her yogi swag.
Then imagine that the food was only OK at best.
Then imagine that there were 8 employees there and you had to wait a considerable time for refills and extras.
Well you just imagined my experience at Chakra.
Attitude goes a long way with me... And their vegetarian elitist attitude is hardly inviting or hospitable.
There was an older lady there that was very kind, however the other employees were just abrasive.
Won't be back.

I love vegetarian and vegan food.
I do not love this place.
Maybe it is the pretentious wait staff that are too preoccupied talking to one another about the latest herbal teas.
Maybe it is the food...it's not *that* good.
(Tho' some of the desserts are fabulous.
)  Perhaps it is the exorbitant prices.
I don't know.
I just know it's not my favorite place to go when I want to eat veg or raw.

Let me tell you that I was very impressed.
Very impressed.
Try the sushi.

What a great place.
The location is tucked back in this little strip mall area.
The creamy broccoli soup was wonderful and I really enjoyed my Mediterranean wrap.
Will keep this on my list for future lunch spots.

I've been here several times for lunch and also for a b-day part of 8 or so and they accommodated us immediately.
The food was soo yummy every time.
I eat primarily vegan and dealing with food allergies and it was so easy to eat here.
I love the fact they are vegetarian and not bombarded with soy!
I will make a point to stop in here anytime I'm in the area.
The vegan chocolate grenache cake was amazingly delicious!
To the best of my knowledge should be GMO-FREE.

Good food, and tea, service is okay, need more seating, especially outdoor.

It's not easy finding good gluten-free dining in Phoenix.
Since the closing of Mandala (about a week after I discovered it, natch) I'd come to the conclusion that I'd just have to deal with the few GF-friendly chain restaurants with their limited options.
Then, I found Chakra 4.
Not only do I love the food - try the Nutty Rawvacado Dip - but the ambience is casual and relaxing.
Perfect for a long weekend lunch.
I love their selection of hot and cold soups, and they even offer gluten-free bread (locally baked at Gluten-Free Creations).
They are a bit on the pricy side for what amounts to soup, salads, and sandwiches, even if you're not ordering gluten free, but knowing exactly what's in the food I'm eating is important to me and well worth the extra few bucks.

Simply put, I love this place.
I met a friend here last weekend for lunch, my first time coming here except for one time, when I just went in to order a hot mint tea to go.
The moment you walk in, you are greeted with the scent of herbs and spices, coming from Chakra 4's extensive selection of spices and loose leaf teas for sale.
Adjacent to the spice store is the cafe itself, joined by an open walkway.
The cafe possess a nice, earthy ambiance, and the atmosphere is relaxed.
The service is welcoming and attentive and the food is fantastic.
My vegan Moroccan Nomad Stew was flavorful and aromatic.
They also serve one of my favorite flavored black teas, orange spice, and their blend is nice and balanced.
I was happy to see that they serve agave as a sweetener.
This is a gem of a place, with good food, nice people, and a nice eclectic vibe.
Chakra 4 is definitely worth the visit.

LOVE, love, love this restaurant!!
Their food is exquisite.
I had a world class kale salad and my husband had a veggie burger.
We also enjoyed every taste of our soup and gluten free bread.
I normally don't drink tea, but I tried theirs and it was delicious.
Everyone who works at Chakra 4 is open-hearted and sweet.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
My only wish is that they'd offer freshly squeezed juice.

This place is a great lunch spot for vegans, vegetarians and healthy folk alike.
The variety of prepared  teas is incredible and they offer most of their teas loose to take home and brew as well.
As a bad vegetarian that eats fish on occasion, this is a favorite place of mine to enjoy a purely vegetarian meal packed with fresh flavors.
My absolute favorite is a wrap and cup of soup.
Usually I opt for the Black Bean Sunflower Wrap, which has black bean sunflower hummus, with mixed greens, jack cheese, red onions, carrot, celery, cucumber, bell pepper, heirloom tomato, and spicy chipotle salsa.
I have discovered that no matter what their soup of the day is, it is always perfect!
Last time the watermelon gazpacho was perfect for the warm weather and today the french onion and mushroom soup hit the spot.
The staff is always helpful and seem to know the menu very well.
Thank you Chakra 4 for filling up my belly with healthy goodness!

I'm going to give this place a strong Decent.
It has potential, but needs a little fine-tuning...mostly in the service department.
This was my first visit, and I wanted to place a to-go order.
I stood at the counter waiting for one of the three employees to greet me.
I finally had to say I wanted to order some food and ask for a menu.
Not a bang-up start, but the woman who ended up helping me was very, very nice.
(She was also brand new.
) The other two continued to chat behind the counter.
The interior was a little cramped, and the seating didn't look real comfortable.
While I waited for my food, I browsed the teas, seeds and herb selection.
I remembered I needed some chia seeds, and asked about them.
The lady helping me couldn't find any, and asked someone who appeared to be a manager, or someone with more experience.
"No.
We don't carry those in bulk.
If we have them, they're packaged up by the counter.
" And she literally waved her hand in the direction of the counter and turned her back on me.
Hmmm.
Not rude exactly, but I'm not singing customer praises either.
And no chia seeds by the counter.
Because no one seemed that excited to sell me something, I did my own google search on my phone and found I could use flax seeds as a substitute for chia seeds.
I wandered over to the counter-waving employee to ask about flax seeds, but decided to abort this mission when she started complaining about the break schedule in front of me.
I think I'll just go to Whole Foods.
Sale lost for Chakra.
After a reasonable wait, I got my food and left.
I had been informed that I had to pay $1 extra for to-go orders because of the packaging.
I'm ok with that in concept, but was a little miffed that this expensive packaging was a paper bag, butcher paper for my wrap and a small plastic container.
Really?
That little plastic container cost $1?
And they threw in a fork and spoon, which I didn't need.
If you're going to be eco, start asking people if they need utensils.
The food?
Good.
The $3.50 iced tea?
Not good.
After the to-go charge for the plastic container and utensils I didn't need, I spent close to $20 for a wrap, side of quinoa and iced tea.
The veggies were fresh, the spread on the wrap was great, and the quinoa was pretty good...just not $20 good.
I did tip the woman helping me behind the counter because she was nice and the only one doing anything.
Phoenix has a need for a vegan / veggie place, the outside area is great in nice weather, and the food was a 7 out of 10.
If they could bump their service up a notch,  they'd do ok.
I'll try them one more time, and hope for better.

The most amazing vegan foods and teas BUT the worst service EVER!
It can take an hour or two to see your food and because of that I can't go.
And with the food running so slow you would think they would be apologetic but the waiters are stuck in a meditation trance of rudeness and don't acknowledge it or you.
I've gone 3 times hoping a different waiter would help or a different day but no luck.
Unless you have all day to kill don't go

The BEST veggie pizza I have ever has in my life!
I'm not a vegetarian.
The flavor is nice and strong, not wimpy like most.
Teen son tried it & asked to keep the rest of the slice - crazy good for anyone.
His black bean quesadilla & side salad was delicious & neither of us love black beans... Our service was great, red haired younger woman, very friendly & helpful.
Great world music playing.
LOVED IT.
We felt energized by the good quality food, environment & company.
Wish they were closer to us!
No, it's not cheap - but that quality of ingredients isn't cheap for them to buy.

First thing first - I love steak.
Whew.
I said it.
But I like to think of myself as a vegetarian trapped in an carnivore's body.
Salad is legitimately my favorite food!
That being said - I really liked this place!
I met up here with a girlfriend of mine for lunch.
Great location.
It's almost garden-esque, the way it's tucked in the back of a Trader Joe's under a lot of trees.
The food was great - I got the avocado wrap which was different and delicious and very satisfying.
I got some pomegranate tea to drink, perfectly brewed.
I do have to agree with other reviews, the service was rather slow.
But we attributed it to the complexity of preparing fresh food, and used it as an excuse to keep our girl gab session going :) Our sever was VERY nice - she kept checking in on us and letting us know what was going on.
REALLY enjoyed our lunch here.
Will definitely be coming back!

the tea is nicely priced and is to die for.
although the food is a bit pricy, it is well worth it.
basically, everything that you get there WILL taste like love... and you'll leave pleased with yourself.
the staff is also very nice and very attentive.
i would recommend trying one of the chai teas... they are fantastic.

I keep coming back, but havent been lately.
I would rather go here over any other place in the metro

Our lunch was so delicious and we were both energized the rest of the day.
I had the Johnny Apple wrap and my lunch date had the Cowgirl wrap - both were so good.
As a gluten-free eater, there were so many options on the menu, that I will definitely be back to try more.
If you're on a budget, stick with water....the drinks and elixirs are very good, but a bit pricey.
We split the cheesecake (raspberry/chocolate ganache): incredible!

Very nice & delicious food.
The aroma of the place itself sets the tone for what you're gonna expect.
The Nutty Rawvocado i had was yummy & filling.
The soup served along with it was not that great though.
The restaurant is a little expensive but definitely worth a try or two.

I went to this place for lunch.
As soon as I entered the place, i could smell all herbs and tea.
so refreshing!!
I ordered fresh ginger lemonade.
perfect cooler for the heat!
Also loved their cow girl wrap with quinoa salad on side.
Super tasty and healthy.
Definitely i am going back for their salads.
Four star because just for lunch this place is bit pricey!
(as they have everything organic )

Burrito excellent.....linguini not so good.....but I liked the walnut "meatballs".
For transparency I'm far from a vegetarian, I prefer a juicy burger.

I love this place.
Every meal I've ever ate here is excellent and I'm a meat and potato kinda gal.
But truly, I crave this place.
Today I had the Cowgirl wrap (in a teff wrap) and mushroom & onion soup - so good.
And the naked iced chai,  refreshing.
I couldn't have been happier with my lunch.

Not really a fan, and probably our experience was tainted by the service.
We happened to go on a day when the weather was gorgeous and sat outside.
It was our first visit as I was excited to try a new restaurant.
There seemed to be a good number of regulars there at the same time so I thought, great, people like this place enough to keep coming back!
Unfortunately for us, we probably won't be regulars.
For one thing, if you have questions about their menu or just don't seem well versed in the world of vegan dining, the staff seems to look down on you.
Whether it was intentional or not, the fact is, that is how they left this customer feeling, so NO GOOD.
Then, food was expensive for what we got.
Iced tea wasn't very flavorful.
My husband got a drink that I now can't remember the name of, but he thought it was okay.
My spaghetti squash was fine, but not spectacular.
I don't even remember what my husband got, because he was still hungry after this lunch and needed to go next door to the Greek restaurant for a gyro to satisfy his hunger.
All in all, an unsuccessful restaurant outing.

SUPER great food.
We were in town for Spring Training and stopped by multiple times just because it's AMAZING!
I loved everything but especially loved the roasted vegetable thin-crust pizza with nut (vegan) cheese.
It absolutely hit the spot.
The ambiance is very relaxing, the starters and wraps are great... what can I say?
If I lived in Arizona (ANYWHERE in Arizona!
) I would come here weekly.
But for now I just have to wait until next Spring :)

Love the Chakra 4.
Today I had the tomato basil soup...
Excellent!
And the black bean wrap.. Really yummy even though I'm not a huge fan of teff (the gluten free wrap).
Its a good wrap, i just havent gotten accustomed to the texture if teff yet.
The gluten free bread at chakra is great.
Had a raw vegan blueberry truffle..
Very yummy.
I overheard the server telling another customer about something drizzled with peach purée and thought that sounded very refreshing so I asked about it, turns out it was cheesecake with peach purée topping, I decided I was way too full for cheesecake and decided to just have the truffle.
The server was kind enough to bring me a sample of the cheesecake ( without me asking :) ) and it was heavenly.
I'll have to go back tomorrow for just cheesecake and tea..   Did I mention I love Chakra?

Man, I loved everything about this place, from the second I stepped inside and was hit with an awesome aroma of tea and food, and surrounded by a well-decorated little spot.
Service was super friendly, as they brought us a really good red tea blended with fruit while we waited for our food.
We both got wraps, both of which were super tasty, leaving us satisfied and feeling good.
This will most definitely be a regular spot for us, can't wait to go back!

I went to Chakra 4 for the first time last night for dinner.
The food was quite good, and they had more teas than I could possibly imagine.
The only things I wasn't too fond of were that it was pretty crowded, the tables were very small.
Over all though, it was lovely.
I would definitely go again.

Good food, but the service is so disappointing its not worth the trip.

I love everything about this place!!
They have a completely organic vegetarian menu and they do not cook with Canola Oil.
They also offer gluten free and vegan items.
I can rest assured that I am not eating any GMOs or processed food here which is so important to me and hard to find in a restaurant these days.
They also offer an amazing large selection of teas and healthy beverages.
The atmosphere is great too.
It's a cozy little tea house in a nice courtyard area.
A great place to hang out and relax while enjoying delicious nurishing meals!

Super healthy delicious food.
It's definitely food with a  purpose!
Love the vibe here.

The best gluten free veggie pesto pizza ever.
So good.
Was there with a bunch of yoginis and well, just assumed I'd be hungry by the time we all left, but the pizza was amazing and hit the spot.
Took the 1 tiny piece I had left to eat later...
The service was excellent and so patient.

Really good food!
This place is pricey, but the food is great and unique.
We tried a variety of dishes and everything was excellent.
Service was good, we will be back.

If you're looking for the typical, boring vegan fare, this isn't the place.
The specials here are always really interesting & tasty.
I am always torn between getting the specials and my usual, the walnut sausage pizza.
The tostadas are very tasty as well.
I suggest getting the current tea special as well.
It's always good and always interesting.
Desert here is guilt-free & a must.
Chakra 4 makes delicious, unique vegan and vegetarian.
They seem to understand that there's more than just the standard fake meats to feed to veggie lovers.

I think this is about as good as vegetarian food could get!
The first time I came here I was quite pleasantly surprised at the creativity of the flavors the dishes.
The texture, appearance - it was all delicious!
I also come here for supplements for juicing and smoothies.
The prices for supplements are higher than GNC, Hi-Health, and such, but the quality of the herbs and supplements are unsurpassed by anything else in town that I've seen.
The staff are very knowledgable too, as an apothecary should be, so you will get some great recommendations if you want to ask for ideas.
This is a neat shop; check it out and you might be a little bit dazzled!

"We can pay the farmer now or the doctor later.
"  This was a quote on the back of their daily specials commenting about the price.
It really does sum it up!
This place values the quality and preparation of its food and you really can tell.
The food was beyond fresh.
Everything we had (see below) was tasty!
Raw Nori Rolls (resh vibrant veggies (cucumber, seasonal sprouts, bell peppers, carrot, celery, zucchini) Black Bean Quesadilla Roasted Vegetable Pizza Soup - Roasted red peppers and tomatoes with quinoa and kale Chocolate Caramel Heart (Sweets!
)  and I'm not a huge tea fan, and that was fantastic as well.
Cranberry Orange Tea  The thing Ioved most about this place was how calming the ambiance was.
So many times we are always in a hurry, enamored with loud conversation, tons of people, etc.
This was just the opposite.
It felt like a vacation within the city.
That's nicer than you realize from time to time.
Awww yes!
This is a fantastic place EVEN if you are a meat lover.

Great experience!
Very attentive staff :) pretty outdoor seating!
Food was great!

The food here was delicious!
The dessert is very overpriced!
I can get the same dessert options at Whole Foods around the corner for a quarter the price.
I was disappointed about the service.
We watched as all the other tables were waited on while we sat with our waters.... After we finished eating, we waited patiently for about fifteen minutes for our check.
We finally pulled another waiter aside and she gladly helped us.
As we walked out of the restaurant, there was our original slow waiter sitting on her phone and smoking.
Not going to be going back.
Not worth the money with service like that.

This is my husband and I's favorite special lunch spot.
Their tea selection is AMAZING, and the food, though pricey, is unique, pure, and totally worth it.
Don't skip dessert!

The restaurant doesn't have prices listed online which probably was a wise decision not to scare potential customers beforehand.
Food that is claimed to be local and organic is highly overpriced, as other reviewers noted.
I would understand paying $17 for gnocchi with organic grass-fed meatball sauce, but it has no meat!
Organic vegetables are so cheap at the groceries, I can't get why organic vegetables at vegetarian cafes are so expensive.
There are lots of loose leaf teas, spices and herbs, but none of them is unique enough (wow, loose chamomile tea!
) nor worth the price, especially counting how close Trader Joe's and Whole Foods are to this place.
The only good thing about this cafe is that it has no soy, but advantages of local organic vegetarian cafe fade as quickly as you enter the door of overpriced pretentiousness.
What a waste of time it was visiting this place.

Chakra 4 is a great place to eat at and buy tea from.
Their food is great, the staff is very friendly, the tea is fairly priced, and they used good quality herbs.
I recommend their Mellow Yellow tea, it is great in taste and is very soothing.
I recommend this place.

I'm a 'newer' vegan and have really missed the treats and desserts I used to indulge in.
My husband and I had lunch here about a week ago and I decided to try the vegan vanilla cheesecake....
It was AMAZING and my non-vegan husband actually prefers it over real cheesecake!!!
Definitely recommend this place!

The Hercules burrito was amazing and the servers are super sweet!
Happy to discover this restaurant!

Went back for a second try, and YES!
Very different experience.
My friend and I sat outside, and were helped within 30 seconds.
The server was friendly, and bonus points, knowledgable about the menu...which looks like it had been revamped in a very, very positive way since my first visit.
The food was excellent.
So excellent that even my carnivore friends would rave.
This time, the quinoa side had some flavor.
Just to test our server (I'm fun like that), I asked about the ingredients, and she knew them off the top of her head.
The portion size was great.
We both ordered wraps, and both had leftovers to take with us.
Sitting outside in January is tough to beat, especially in the brick-paved and fountain-laden Town & Country plaza.
I'm going with 4 stars because the interior and the furnishings need a little bump towards nicer.
The decor still feels like "I'm a college hippy," and the food and concept deserve better.
The bathroom was cute, but if you don't like smelling like incense (and I don't), avoid it.
But really, kudos to Chakra.
They listened to the reviews and made an about-face.
Oh!
And someone (the owner?
) emails a newsletter that is worth reading.
Not just a "come eat at my place" (in fact, I don't think he has said that, yet), but useful information on herbs, supplements and food.
I'm a fan.

There's something very comfortable and relaxing about tea and lunch in an apothecary, surrounded by crystals and soft colors, and people who are friendly and helpful.
This restaurant is changing a lot from the way it used to be.
I've noticed they have really pulled it together when it comes to the menu (a variety of amazing foods, farm-fresh to the table, etc.
), the decor, and the overall service.
Feels like some new management - people who really care about the customer experience.
My favorite tea is the Roman Provence.
My favorite wrap is the Rawvocado, and my favorite dinner dish so far is the lasagna.
The vegan chocolates are very expensive but a super yummy treat.

So glad I found this place.
Just about everything here is organic and it's good!
Just wish it was closer to home but overall I was really happy about it.
There needs to be more organic restaurants!

Everything we had here was amazing!
Vegan, gluten free and raw options.
Definitely worth the drive we made from Peoria.
Selection of desserts is crazy!
Seriously worth the trip to this place!

browsing through a copy of Uptown magazine, i came across an article for healthy eats in phoenix.
we've tried almost all of them, except sage kitchen.
off we went!
turns out, it is the former Chakra 4 herb.
Same place, same staff, different name.
they added a few menu items.
we found out that most folks had no idea this place served food, hence the name change.
we ordered an avacado dip starter with slivered dipping carrots and celery.
they were slightly tangy and refreshing.
for my entree, i had the vegetarian tostadas.
they came loaded with a lentil base, beans, and overflowing with fresh cut vegetables and a small salsa dip.
it was deeeelicious!
the tostadas were crunchy and held up nicely when picked up to bite into.
most of the goodies on top fell off, but that's what fingers are for right?
my dish cost about 16 bucks, which is a little on the steep end but it was tasty and the service for our outside dining was perfect.

Huge downside is not having a price list anywhere.
Ordered the gnocchi and iced tea to go and was told $20.
I was expecting a larger portion for that price.
The gnocchi was really good, just not $17 for it's extremely small portion good.
Might be back.
Not sure yet.
I also don't understand the $1 to go charge.
Seriously?

OMG if this place was in San Diego, I would eat there 5 days a week.
No joke.
Wow.
I ordered the zucchini kale vegan lasagna, kale salad with honey mustard dressing and a vegan gluten free kale pizza.
I gotta tell ya- I feel so good after eating that scrumptious meal.
Lauren was the most pleasant server I've ever encountered and this restaurant ranks in my top 5.
Sage Kitchen is attached to an herbalist store and is so fitting.
If you want a great meal without the crap ingredients and you live in AZ, come try this amazing food.

Great vegan food!
Technically, I'd give Sage Kitchen 3.5 stars, but that isn't an option.
I cook vegan at home a large majority of the time at home.
Therefore, I'm a pretty tough judge.
We had an herb hummus and avocado dip to start.
They were both okay, but nothing too special.
For entrees, we had the butternut squash gnocchi and the zucchini lasagna.
Both were good, but I do feel like I could make something pretty similar at home.
Finally, we had the raw lavender cheesecake for dessert.
The cheesecake was great - I'm not typically a fan of cheesecake or lavender, but it tasted amazing!
I think the meal was a little bit pricey - $100 for two people for lunch.
That being said, we ordered several dishes and had tea.
We had a great experience overall, but I'm not sure that I'd go back.
Definitely worth a try if you are interested in vegan food!

Food was great and service is awesome but this place charges way to much for the dessert and food.
They charge $6 for one cookie which is about the size of a Girl Scout cookie and is nothing special.
My wife makes vegan cookies with her food processor all the time and they taste very similar.
If you order a slice of cheese cake, $12.
Which I will have to admit is pretty good but not $12 good.
I don't think we will return.
They charge way to much!

I am fairly new to the gluten free and paleo lifestyle due to a medical condition, so dining out has been tough.
Alas, after work I searched for gluten free restaurants and this place came up.
Granted, I eat meat and this place is veggie/vegan, I decided to give it a whirl anyhow.
I'm SO happy I did!
This place is a small, casual spot that is connected to a tea shop, and upon entry it smells fantastic.
Upon looking at the menu, the items are veggie, can be made vegan, and many can be made gluten free or paleo.
I got the white gnocchi which is naturally all three of those things.
It.
Was.
Insanely.
Delish.
The sauce was so decadent, and the sweet potato gnocchi were just the right texture and flavor.
I was seriously blown away, I never thought I could enjoy a vegan Alfredo sauce, but boy was I wrong!
Apparently vegan cheese sauces are largely comprised of cashews...who knew?
It's fantastic and way healthier than the dairy counterpart.
After eating dinner I indulged a little in a truffle for dessert.
Alas, this was also vegan, paleo and gluten free.
It was a mocha cream truffle and it was phenomenal.
I never would have even guessed it was made any different than a regular truffle.
Needless to say, I  am so exited about this place; it's been an experience that has shown me that my food experiences don't have to be restrictive though my recent necessary change in diet is!
After all is said and done, they bring you fennel seed as a digestif.
How cool is that?
Reminded me of Fernet only it's not booze.
Sober, clean, and healthy....I couldn't have asked for more.

Let me keep this short, simple and to the point...  1) Food is expensive.
2) Food has no salt.
3) Service is mediocre.
AND THE KICKER...... 4) Found a hair in my wrap and was compensated with a truffle!
I will most definitely NOT be back.

This is an amazing little cafe!
The servers are so nice and helpful and the food is outstanding.

This is one of my favorite Phoenix restaurants.
We don't have a lot of dedicated vegetarian and vegan restaurants but Sage Kitchen (formerly Chakra 4) does it well.
I really like this one because they do not rely on meat substitutes but rather use fresh vegetables.
The food is fresh, healthy and tasty.
Tea's are great and the desserts and chocolates are always delicious.
I especially enjoy the nori rolls as appetizers.
The tostadas and the gnocchi are really delicious and the raw cheesecake is always a treat.
There is a nice herb shop attached and it is an amusing place to poke around in.
Your bill will be expensive so be warned.
If you are accustomed to eating in nice veg places and raw places the prices are similar and perhaps a bit higher.

This is my new favorite restaurant!
Everything that I have had here is superb and healthy!
The combination of flavors is exceptional.
My family now eats at Sage Kitchen regularly.
The food is all fresh, organic, local and everything I have had has been outstanding.
We are huge fans of the lasagna, the crispy kale pizza and the balsamic apple pizza.
Also, I have never been a fan of vegan cheese.
They offer a soft vegan cheddar.... not only do I LOVE it, it actually really DOES taste like cheddar, and I can eat it plain.
It's out of this world.
I wish they sold it in containers to take home.
Service is always exceptional and friendly.
Ambiance is very relaxing.
Highly recommended.

Went for lunch again today.
Its been awhile.
Everything about the same except we didnt have to wait do long to get our food.
It came out quickly this time.
I hope this wasnt a fluke but an honest attempt ny management to speed things up.
Food still very good.
Got the kale pizza.
It was so good.
The crust was real good.
Prices still very high but food is good

Excellent food, friendly service, OUTRAGEOUS prices!!
I'm glad to see many, many other reviewers have noticed this.
Even so, I think it worth pointing out that the dishes aren't "a bit pricey", they're ABSURD.
I ordered the herbed quinoa bowl on the Sunday brunch menu.
Fresh, tasty dish, but for $13 I did not get a salad bowl, not even a soup bowl - it was, at best, a custard bowl.
And no accompaniment of any kind.
Ten to 15 minutes, eating slowly, mind you, and I was done.
With a carafe of iced tea (they had not brewed any iced tea that day, so there was none available by the glass - WHAT?!
), tax and tip (service is good, and the server doesn't set the menu prices, so she deserves a full tip), I blew $22 on a custard bowl with a few spoonfuls of quinoa, beans and avocado and iced tea.
That is BAD value for the money.
I understand that they serve a "niche" audience, source locally, blah dee blah, and I "get" the Food & Beverage industry, but I genuinely felt ripped off at those price levels.
Others have mentioned the high price of the desserts.
I have never bought one here for that very reason.
Another example on the "sides" for the Sunday brunch menu: ONE GF biscuit with gravy for $7!!
Despite this being a vegan place, I'd expect a "slider" of filet mignon inside the biscuit (hold the gravy, of course) at that price!
I will not be back, and for me to not return to a place solely because of price point and perceived lack of value is extremely rare.
Too bad, because they have a good product - they just charge 3 to 4 times what it's worth..

Chef T is amazing!
The menu she has developed makes a meat eater like myself wanna go Vegan!
Get the pizza or the watermelon ahi salad...trust me  Energy level here is peaceful and relaxing...leave ur stress at the door

