The husband, toddler and I all went to Shane's for lunch yesterday at Westgate.
We are fans of Honey Bears but thought we'd try this out since it close to our house.
I ordered the Smothered Pork Sandwich (coleslaw on the sandwich) with a side of baked beans, my husband ordered the pork sandwich on the texas toast with fries and my son had the cheeseburger.
First, let me mention that I hate it when the child menu doesn't offer the primary specialty of the place.
My son ate half of my sandwich and not  a single bite of his burger.
Perhaps my son is an odd-ball but he actually likes the same food we do.
Next time I'll just order him a pulled-pork sandwich and call it a day.
The sandwiches were great and my son's burger was DELICIOUS.
Their sauce is pretty good but I do prefer Honey Bear's sauce as I think it has a little complex flavor in comparison.
I think it will be a place we will use to pick up sandwiches on nights we don't want to cook - for sure.

texas toast with bbq brisket or bbq pulled pork.. choice of side: mac and cheese.
fries.
baked beans.
fried okra.
corn on the cob.
oh the heartburn.
oh the delicious heartburn.
no jokes, this place is great.
they have free wifi, too.
my inner nerd was greasy and pleased.

Ribs are the best here!
Better then famous daves and you don't have to wait 30 minutes.
This is a good rib place if you want something to eat before you go to the movies!

Decidedly average.
Then again just about anything within the "Westgate Triangle"  seems to fit that.
E.g you eat there because you are there for some other event.
El Paso bbq schools them on the beans, ribs and sauce and for roughly the same per person cost.
I believe Famous Dave's , least the one in Yuma beats them handily, as does Honey bears, as does RUB bbq etc.
Not that Shane's is  bad it's just there's nothing that stands out.You order on the way in, busy, noisy and hard to wrangle a toddler when the in/ out and ordering location are in the same place.
Food arrives reasonably quickly but plastic utensils and ribs do not mix, let's not even try :)  I want to give it 2.5 because there's just too many places I'd drive for this kind of meal for the same price in nice surroundings.
I miss Shoney's back in Ga , heck I miss most of the rib places I frequented in GA but alas the furthest west they've gotten is New Mexico.

If you want good down home eating this is the place to be.
Laid back and relaxed be prepared to leave a mess.
Good food for an affordable price.
Sweet tea there is very good.
The big daddy sandwich is a must for BBQ lovers

I've eaten at Shane's twice.
The first time was well over a year ago before a hockey game and then yesterday before another hockey game.
I can't recall what type of sandwich I had the first outing, I just remember the sandwich being good (or I wouldn't have come back).
Being a big fan of chicken tenders/strips, I opted to get the Tuesday special-4 tenders, 1 side and a drink for $6.
A really good deal!.
The tenders are awesome and not overly breaded and fried!
Some of the best tenders I've had and I've had many.
The fries were good, but had a bit too much salt for my liking.
The dining area isn't especially big, but I dig the charm of the place.
Paper towels are used instead of napkins.
There are 3 tv's on the walls to watch games or ESPN.
Beers are available here.
I need to head back and try the ribs.
Only coming here before a hockey game, II'm a bit reluctant to eat ribs and head into Jobing.com arena with rib sauce on my shirt.
Good eats for a good price!
The men's room was a disaster when I walked in though.

The other location off I-17 & Happy Valley is WAY better.
This one was blah.
I had ribs, they were ok.
They were out of mashed potatoes......If you want better service and better quality go to the other location.

This review is not for the restaurant but for the little stand they had set up outside the jobing.com arena.
The boyfriend and I went to jobing.com for a concert the other night and Westgate was packed.
There were long lines trailing out the door at every restaurant.
We kind of wandered around in a daze of overstimulation for a while and then we walked by Shane's set-up.
They were offering chicken or pork sandwiches, mac n cheese, chips and cookies.
Perfect!
I ordered the pulled pork, boyfriend had the chicken.
We both ordered the mac n cheese.
Now, it wasn't cheap.
I don't know what it's like inside, but at the stand two sandwiches, two macs and one bottle of water will cost you $20.
But we were hungry and I guess we were paying for convenience.
Luckily, the food was really good!
Boyfriend did say his chicken was a little dry but my pulled pork was nice and tender.
The sauce was flavorful and not too spicy.
The mac n cheese was really good.
Some reviewers said it was bland - I disagree.
I thought it was rich and creamy with ample cheesy flavor.
The food filled us up for a night of rockin' out.
I would go back and try sitting inside Shane's next time.

I've eaten here a few times.
Every once in a while I get a craving for pulled pork sandwich, being that Shane's is 5 minutes from my apartment, it's pretty convenient.
Twice I've gone mid-afternoon on weekdays and the place was not very busy.
The pulled pork sandwich I ordered was pretty delicious-moist with great tasting sauce!
Mac and cheese is one of my favorite foods ever and I always order it as my side, but Shane's version is lacking some flavor (think school cafeteria).
Unfortunately I cannot say that the food quality is the same on busy days.
I went on a Sunday for lunch, waited about 20 minutes for my sandwich and was extremely disappointed as it was bone dry and bland as could be.
Shane's is hit-or-miss, but has potential.

Pretty good, especially considering that it's a fast food joint at a hockey rink.

Came here after purchasing a coupon from Groupon.
$10 for $20 worth of food - not a bad deal, so thought about trying it out for the 1st time especially since the hubby and I love bbq.
We were definitely not impressed though!
I ordered the Smothered Pork sandwhich and the Mr. ordered the Shack Sample with ribs, pork and chicken tenders.
My sandwhich was just average.
The pork was decent, but the cole slaw smothered on top was way too dry!
It was more like cabbage mix than actually slaw.
When I think of "smoothered pork" I think of the food and sauce just dripping over the bun.
Not in this case.
My husband's chicken tenders were very meaty, but a bit dry and not very flavorful.
Their shack sauce definitely helped to improve the flavor though.
The only thing I liked from his plate was the ribs.
The baked beans we had as a side were okay.
Mac and cheese was disappointing.
Like Andrea L. mentioned, tasted like school cafeteria food.
Too bland.
Fries were decent.
I couldn't believe how packed this place was on a weekday night though.
It must be the location convinience, having a theatre and arena nearby.
I can't imagine people honestly being there for the food.
Save your $ and bbq cravings and go to Fritzi's on Dysart!
Even Honey Bears beats this - easy!

Not a bad choice for fast BBQ cheap and good flavor, will go back for another BBQ craving if you like tangy BBQ sauce this your place.

Good food for the price.
The ribs are good.
They make 4 different kinds of BBQ sauce including a very tangy vinegar based sauce that works real well on pork.
I also had the Brunswick stew.
If you've never had Brunswick stew it's a southeastern Georgia classic.
I'll go back when I'm in the area and I have run out of my own BBQ in my freezer.
The problem with making my own BBQ is that I have trouble finding a restaurant that makes BBQ as good as mine.

Pulled pork with Cole slaw Sammy is pretty good!

It's hockey season again, which means time to eat at the Westgate mall and specifically Shanes!
I ordered the pork platter and sides.
The plate came to me within a few minutes.
There was a huge portion of pork.
I usually have no trouble putting down food, but this was a bit of struggle.
I went with beans and mac and cheese.
Both sides were good and warm.
The only disappointing part of the meal was the texas toast.
The toast was subpar.
It tasted like a piece of regular toast.
Nothing to it.
That's not texas toast!
Overall, Shanes is still a place I will stop by when I hit a hockey game and indulge in some good BBQ or chicken tenders.

Generic chain "BBQ" that really doesn't deserve to be called that.
It's not awful, just fails to be great in any particular way.
Pretty much zero smoke flavor, and they doused it some sort of grease sauce before serving it to us.
BBQ is served as-is, and the eater gets to choose what, if anything, to put on it.
This place is clearly aimed at people who don't really it BBQ.
I kind of figured from all the annoyingly kitschy signs and decorations all over the place.

Was looking forward to a nice BBQ lunch with my boy.
I hate to be harsh because I really think we need MORE BBQ places, not less, but this one did not do it for me.
The menu was not descriptive and when I asked what the differences were between the menu items (since they do not have descriptions) the counter dude was less than helpful.
So we ordered away...  Food came out a few minutes later.
Basically not impressed.
Temperatures were good, food seemed fresh, but the taste just was not to our liking.
So bottom line, I think this is a basic BBQ lunch option type place, and you should try it at least once to see if you like their BBQ flavors.
We will not be going back, but since everybody's taste is different, you should try it if you are a fan of BBQ.

Service, food, atmosphere was blah.
Won't be back.

Place was clean and service was ok .
Food was not bad but not good .
It was just ok .
I had high hopes being in Westgate .

Yummy...
Very yummy.
Portions are more than adequate.
This was great because I had leftovers for the next day.
We felt the pricing was a bit high for eating out of plastic baskets with parchment paper liners...
But when comparing it to the other two dominant BBQ joints out west, Dillon's (which is not to our flavor liking, way overpriced, paltry portioning, and sides that are memorable for blandness) and Famous Dave's (which has great sauces, but lacking in meat quality at times, with sides that are ok but not memorable) Shane's is our newest favorite.
It bumps Dave's to a distinct second because the meat was absolutely tender and stands on its own without drowning in sauce and the sides (fries, sweet potato fries, and slaw) are better all around!
Regrettably, they are not close enough to home to simply 'swing by' for a  take out order!

Was taken here for lunch on a weekend.
The portions were really large for the price.
The tables were sticky and the bathrooms were both pretty gross.
The service was ok as they just bring you your food and you don't really need to see them again after that.
The fries were good, as was the chicken, though it was drowned in sauce that while tasting okay was so heavy that I found myself scraping it off to try and actually taste the chicken.
My fault for not asking for the sauce on the side.
I will probably try it again but it wasn't anything special overall.
Update: Went back and got the chicken without sauce.
Much, much better.
Though two people could easily share a 6 piece chicken basket.
It's a lot of food.
I would definitely go back when I'm in the mood for some chicken and fries.

I was in the mood for ribs tonight and didn't want to go too far.
BBQ on the west side is kind of scarce, so we decided to give Shane's a try.
Sat night parking at Westgate was typical, a bit full, but hey you need to work off dinner somehow!
This being our first time coming to Shane's we were welcomed by a pleasant young lady behind the counter who was very helpful in explaining any questions we had about the dinners.
Since the wife was filled up on Oreganos from lunch we decided on the Sampler platter.
We had our 3 1/2 year old with us, so that one plate pretty much fit the bill.
One thing that they didn't have was milk or juice for the kids, but they were nice enough to give us a kids cup and not charge.
They had the usual soda choices and a couple of different of tea options, so the little one was fine.
We got the ribs, BBQ shredded chicken, grilled chicken tenders, mac and cheese and the cole slaw; oh and a drink and all that for $17.
The ribs were falling off the bone and tasted super yummy.
BBQ chicken was just as tasty.
The mac and cheese tasted like it was homemade where you can feel the thicker texture of the sauce that reminded me of when i cooked mine at home.
I am not a small guy, but that filled all three of us with a little bit of some stuff left over.
I see some ppl's reviews about it not being clean or sticky tables.
First of all it is a BBQ joint, so yes you might get a bit of stickiness!
Our table was wiped clean and was fine, so all I have to say is this is not a 5 star dining establishment, it's BBQ!
The restrooms did remind me of the ones at Silver Mine on Mill and needed some attention, but I have been in worse restroom at other BBQ places.
The cashier was really kind and got us a couple of extra bowls and spoons so we could split the sides without question and was very pleasant.
She even gave the little on a cookie on the house.
Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the bathrooms and the drink selection for kids, but other than that it is really good BBQ!

First time at Shanes for lunch today, the food was good for fast food, nothing I'd drive out of the way for.
One thing that shocked me and has never happened to me at a restaurant but happened here.....
I was charged higher prices than the menu prices.
To make it a combo menu said it was $2.99 my bill said $3.99, medium side said it was $2.99, my bill said $3.99.
When asked about the error, I was told it wasn't an error and someone earlier  had also complained and the guy pointed to the small print that says "prices subject to change"..and then he mentioned because of the hike in the sales tax in Glendale?????
This kid didn't know what he was saying!
Bad way to do business, I don't even think that's legal for them to do that...I asked him so you can charge whatever you please?
Wasn't in the arguing mood for $2, but I won't go back!

Ate here about a week ago,and i was very impressed by the great service and good food.Right when we walked in we were kindly greeted by the young man at the front.He led us to our table right away and told us our server would be right with us.Our server,Megan,was very friendly,and did an excellent job.I did not expect such great service at a place where you can order food at the Front to go quickly.Also,most of the workers looked like teenagers,which usually entails bad service.But not here.The chicken i got was cooked perfectly,and was tasty,as was the potato salad.the corn on the cob was a bit soggy,but still good.Even the     host came around clearing plates

Best BBQ I've had on west valley.
Definitely a place to take people from out of town especially with it being located in west gate.

Food was good and good size portions.
The ribs were tender and juicy with a great tasting sauce.
Good customer service, not too much attention but just enough to feel well attended.
Tables were a little sticky and visibly dirty.
Prices were average.

The food was okay but the check came and they charged different prices then on the menu.
More money and the server never said that would happen.
I ordered somewhat based on price and ended up with a higher check.
They said new menu's are on order but they put a little sticker on the bottom that said prices subject to change.
I was not impressed with this type of customer service.
They should have told me upfront that it was going to cost more then the menu I ordered off of.

Food is great but awful service experience!
OWNER made me feel like crap for pointing out 2 cash registers may help them... AND 1/2 an hour later when I hadn't rec'd my food yet!
She needs training!

I just tried this place a couple of nights ago and thought the food was good and unique.
I was surprised because I wasn't expecting much, but the pulled pork sandwich was awesome and even the fries were great!
One thing I wasn't thrilled about was the prices, which may prevent me from coming here on return trips other than on occasion, because it seems like we can get a meal of what we like to order from a place like Texas Roadhouse for a little less than what we ordered here.

Total negative!
Wouldnt take my groupon.
Just lost 4 customers in line... we have our vouchers that is proof of payment its not our fault you dont have your stuff straight!
Dont sell a groupon if youre not ready to take them.
Used to be a regular now I'm never going back...

Best pulled pork around!
The atmosphere isn't anything fancy, but it is fine for what it is.
Prices are a little steep, I like that they did a groupon so I can go more often.
Yum!

When you walk in a rib joint and don't smell ribs, you know there's a problem !
I can't even say the food is bad, it would have to have flavor in order to qualify to be bad!
It just sad!

The baby back ribs were really good, but the beef ribs were horrible.
Tough and bland.
Our server was extremely attentive and friendly.

First time and food was good.
Ribs fell off te bone and loved the baked beans.

**3.5 Stars**  OK, so I was aimlessly driving around this morning chomping at the bit for food.
I ended up on this side of town, and after circling to see what restaurants were here at Westgate, I decided to come here, and I'm kinda glad I did.
I found out that on your birthday you get a free sampler plate, so I went with that.
They have a decent selection of items on the menu, and the prices are fair.
I asked what came with the sampler plate, and he told me that it was chicken strips, ribs, shredded chicken or pork and ribs.
Well, guess what, I don't want the ribs because I don't eat pork!
I asked if he could substitute the brisket for the ribs and he said no.
MINUS ONE STAR FOR THAT BUDDY.
They have brisket on the menu, but I guess its a no go for the sampler, and don't bother asking to swap it out.
SHAME ON THEM!
Ugh, so annoying!
Overall, the food was okay.
Fast casual environment, and if you want quick BBQ, stop in.
Oh, and don't ask to swap out the ribs for brisket on the sampler..lol

I was excited to try this place out since I have yet to find a really good bbq place in my neighborhood since I moved out here.
My husband loves bbq.
This was not the place to go too.
The waitresses were not very happy about us coming in to eat and did not want to explain menu options to us.
When we got our food we realized we had over ordered because we were not told portion sizes when asking.
Our daughter got a load of food that we would have never gotten if we would have known.
Our fries were cold.
The sandwiches were good but that was about the only thing good at this location.
Not sure if I would go back or not.

I didn't know what to expect from this place.
We walked in cold off the street and only chose this place because the place next door was too complicated for us at the time.
The ribs were great-fell off the bone.
The brisket was also great.
We wouldn't travel here just to eat BBQ, but it's definitely worth it if you are in the area.

great place!
great lunch specials!

Awesome food!
... Service could be improved however love the sampler platter!

Shane's Rib Shack has been a longtime tenet of Westgate, but despite all the events I've been to at Jobing.com Arena and University of Phoenix Stadium in the last several years, I actually have not eaten there.
That finally changed before yesterday's Coyotes game.
Shane's is what it is.
Fast food Barbecue.
Not the best food I've ever had, but certainly not something that would regret.
The "Big Dad" is a nice big pile of barbecue pork between two big slices ofTexas Toast.
I really didn't care for the buttery taste of the toast, but the pork itself was very flavorful, and shane's "secret" sauce is wonderful.
It has a sweet flavor with a slight kick.
As a regular combo, it's about $8 for the sandwich plus a side and a drink.
I had the potato salad which was just okay, and decided to try their sweet tea.
If you love sweet tea, you'll probably really love Shane's.
If you're like me who poured my drink "half and half" (with a ratio closer to 60% unsweetened and 40% sweetened) and still felt that it was way too sweet, I'd recommend you steer clear.
Shane's is good stop before heading to an event at the stadium or arena.
Or somewhere to eat before or after hitting up a movie at the AMC.
But like everything else in Westgate, I wouldn't recommend it as something to go out of your way to try.

After we attended the gun show at the stadium, we dropped by here for some lunch.
After browsing the menu, I ordered:  Big Dad Pork Sandwich http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/shanes-rib-shack-glendale?select=uaownUdFQGAKZaJG7WVUVA#uaownUdFQGAKZaJG7WVUVA  Cole Slaw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/shanes-rib-shack-glendale?select=B_42MFpwDqaXiCEkn1253A#B_42MFpwDqaXiCEkn1253A  While we were waiting for our food, I noticed that there was a some BBQ sauce bottles by the drink station.
I wandered over there and grabbed a bottle of the Spicy and a bottle of the Mustard BBQ sauces.
After a short wait, we got our food and I put a little of the Spicy BBQ sauce on the Sandwich and took a bite.
First of all, the Spicy BBQ sauce is not spicy at all....it's not even mild or medium....there's more spice in regular black pepper.
The next bite I tried the Mustard BBQ sauce...that one had some good flavor to it and added to the meal, so I used it for the remainder of the meal.
The Big Dad comes with Texas Toast as the bread for the Sandwich and it helped hold it together well.
Overall, it was average.
The Cole Slaw I ordered for my side was ok...not as creamy as I prefer, but it was ok.
I'm a fan of BBQ and this place didn't leave me wanting more, thus the average 3 Star rating.
Return Factor - 30%

I really love Shane's rib shack if it was closer to my job I would totally eat here everyday!
I'm a big bbq fan.
Everytime I stop by Shane's I have the Big Daddy; pulled pork sandwich, and the macaroni and cheese.
Always perfect.

My family & I were trying to kill some time before watching the hobbit movie.
We all decided to get something to eat.
It was my first time eating at Shane's Rib Shack.
I didn't know what to expect from this place.
When we walked in Shane's Rib Shack it smelt so good of BBQ.
The servers were very nice and welcoming with a big smile on their face.
As we were seated they immediately took our drink orders and had answer for our questions.
The workers were positive & professional at all times.
The food was VERY delicious!!!
I had the Smother pull pork sandwich..with a side of baked beans.
The coleslaw was delicious.
Looking forward to eating there again.

The food was good.
I don't recall what I had, but I do recall it was delicious.
The location, on the edge of West Gate, is convenient to be able to get to without crossing the center.
I will likely return, as I have a friend that lives adjacent to West Gate.

Stopped in for a quick bite before the Coyotes game.
No line here, while chipotle across the street was lined up our the door.
had my food within 5-10 minutes of ordering.
At first i was skeptical of the price for their simplest pulled-pork plate with 2 sides.
After getting my food, I was immediately surprised at how much food was on the plate.
Huge serving of meat, Texas toast, and two fair sized sides.
Worth it.
Food was good, not amazing.
Had a bit of the obvious fast food/QSR taste and quality, but at least pulled pork and barbecue food isn't something you see a lot of in the QSR genre.
I'd eat here again on game night, especially to avoid the lines of the other places.

Not the best option because they do lack a certain quality in their menu options and their food is a bit salty, but the price is right and the meat is fresh.
The barbecue can definitely be improved.
Something is off with the sauce.
However, the service was positive & helpful.
Very patient when you don't know what to order.
Lunch specials found here also!

I can't believe I've never checked-in here before!
We've been coming here for a few years now.
Really like their ribs.
My husband enjoys the sampler with the pulled pork and we both always double up on fried okra.
We're from the south and you just don't see it very often here!

First time at Shane's.
We had great service, our waitress was polite, fun and explained anything we asked about.
The portions are huge, we took leftovers home and had enough for 2-3 more servings at home.
The food was very good, the meat fell off the ribs, so amazing.
I like that the ribs weren't drenched in sauce, just enough and if you wanted more they have several bottles of sauce to use sitting on your table.
the mac n' cheese was ok, kinda reminded me of KFC, just not enough of a cheese consistency for us.
I wouldn't call it fast food, it's above that we thought.
Their prices vary , we didn't think they were outrageous.
Honestly, you could order one plate, pick it up and share it between 2 people making it really inexpensive.
I didn't give it 5 stars because their bathrooms were disgusting and need a deep cleaning and then ongoing cleaning/spot cleaning a few times a day.
All in all, we will go back just for the food.

OMG!!!
ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS!!!
Kate is AMAZING even though she was rushing around cleaning off tables for incoming guests she was very attentive to my two sons who ended up covers in Shane's delicious BBQ sauce.... ahhh and the peach cobbler ...TO DIE FOR!!

Well I am a BBQ fan I've gone to Shane's for several years.
It is ok but not great.
Service  is often poor and sides are often not warm enough.
Last Wednesday I tried it again.
I ordered a simply Big Dad Sandwich.
I sat down in a nearly empty dinning room After 25 minutes I decided to give up.
No food or acknowledgment.
I left and will not go back again.

Love the cashier Jamie.
She was so nice and helpful.
She represents the Shane brand well.
She's a keeper!

Nothing like fast food BBQ.
Pretty good place.
We came in here before we went around for bike night.
Food came out fast and tasted pretty good.
Had the ribs and some okra.
Ribs could have been smoked a little longer to fall off the bone, but they were still good.

Lately I've been frequenting Shane's for their $7.99 boneless wings and fries deal.
Why?
Well, they're the best boneless wings I've had in awhile, putting their neighbor Buffalo Wild Wings to shame.
The portions are big, and the parmeson garlic sauce they smother the wings in is addictive.
I've tried a few other sauces, and those are excellent as well.
Every visit I leave feeling full and satisfied.
Well worth the price.

Love this place!
The menu has great variety and so far everything I've tasted has been great!
The only downfall is the longer waits and not enough locations!
But this ones close to home and is in a busy area but so worth it!
(: The staff is always friendly and helpful which makes the experience easy going!

