I came here for dinner expecting a good deal.
I was wrong.
Not only was it not that cheap ($16.99) the food was bad.
The chicken was dry and the fries were hard.
There were a few things such as the spaghetti and beans that were ok.
But it was overall not worth my money.
Not even the desserts were good.
They had a very poor excuse for ice cream that looked a lot more like pudding.
The only good thing was the employees.
They were at least nice.
But that didn't make my food taste better.
Bottom-line: don't waste your time or money here.
It gave me a stomachache.

Dinner was not great.
Small selection.
Not many vegtable choices.
Skip dessert, unless you like soft serve.

horrible food.
limited selection.
the staff isnt that great.
the whole place was very depressing.
i left a cash tip..but paid with debit card at the register.
total was around 36$..but they charged me 46!

We got an all inclusive deal with food and drinks thinking this would be a good way to save some money.
NOT..
The first day the food was decent...
Decent meaning the selection, but there was NOTHING i would want to eat more than once.
The meatloaf was COLD, the asian noodles were dry, the roast and turkey were as arid as the NV desert..  Just plain terrible.
The next day we came back (all inclusive maybe it's better)  WRONG...
Same EXACT foods except the chicken fajitas were now steak, and the asian noodles... well they were different, but equally bad.
RIBS were from the day before and the cheesecake had strawberry toppin that was done the night before...
I can't say anything positive whatsoever...

$14 bucks for a truly lousy selection for lunch.
If you can walk ,go over to the LV Hilton and for 4 bucks more,you can see what a good buffet is about.

This place should have paid me to eat their food.
Worst buffet in Vegas!
Go elsewhere.
Even if they offer a deal!

The staff was nice, but the food had been sitting out for quite a while and was pretty dried up.
I went last year, and I didn't think it was that bad, but this year, I just didn't really think it was even mediocre-ly ok. .

Great Christmas spread prime rib was so damn good pastas were dry as all hell but still worth the price for the prime rib alone ice cream was good too but who can mess that up

Well, only one other person on here is a local, and that person gave 4 stars.
I'm not sure what these tourists are expecting from a buffet at the riviera.
They are expecting far too much though.
With proper expectations in check, this was pretty much everything I expected.
It was Sunday brunch so the price was a bit higher than a normal lunch (about $19 per person after tax before tip).
Service was a bit slow; I had already finished one round of food before my drink order was taken.
Though this could be due in part to me prepaying my tip.
I stuck with the breakfast food although there were some lunch foods (prime rib, roasted chicken, asian noodle stuff, "sushi", bbq chicken, etc.).
The orange juice was really watery; I knew I wouldn't get pulpy orange juice as I prefer, but this was kinda gross.
Everything else was fine (though I will say most items were a little colder than most buffets).
Waffles taste like waffles.
Bacon tasted like bacon.
Donuts tasted like donuts.
Biscuits and gravy tasted like biscuits and gravy.
Country fried chicken tasted like country fried chicken.
Anyways, I got what I expected out of a $19 brunch buffet at the Riviera.
That's a 3 star review in my book.

Great Christmas spread prime rib was so damn good pastas were dry as all hell but still worth the price for the prime rib alone ice cream was good too but who can mess that up

Pretty decent.
Nothing special.
Price could have been lower though.

Disclaimer: I went in July of 2011  There isn't an option for .5 of a star.
Why wouldn't I just rate it zero you ask?
My friends and I all got seduced into applying for the Players Club Card because they offered the free buffet.
We were college students and after blowing money on clubs, booze, and the wonders of Vegas, "Free" anything was a relief.
So the .5 is for providing us with a free meal that prepared us for the longest car ride ever back to LA.
Everything else, the quality of food is just no.
Bottom line: plastic cup floating in the syrup, ran out of omelette ingredients, freshly poured Sunny Delight orange juice

This is the worst buffet I have ever been to.
The food was awful and not worth the price.
It was down right depressing!
The ice cream was not even ice cream.
It was pathetic.
Might I mention that there was no one there when we got there - should have taken that as a sign.

Pretty expensive for the poor quality of food.
Don't eat the fried chicken!
It was pretty messy too and it seemed understaffed for the amount of work that had to be done.
At least the waiter was nice.

