What can I say?
Unless you're on the board of directors of the American Dairy Council or you have a child that wants to go to the University of Wisconsin, by all means, stay here.
If not, I have NO idea why you would even be here.
Why was I there?
Neither of the above and that's about all I am gonna give up.
Rural.

To the previous reviewer, let me answer the question if "why stay here?".
The answer is - when you have training at a multi-million dollar healthcare IT software facility named EPIC - that's why.
I've traveled to Madison, WI four times for Epic training.
Fortunately, I've stayed at this Holiday Inn three of those times.
This is the absolute best place to stay.
They've got an excellent beer and snacks "Happy Hour" on Wednesdays.
The staff really does treat you like family.
The van drivers will bend over backwards to drive you wherever you need to go.
This place is my home away from home when I travel from Seattle, WA to Madison, WI for EPIC training

Nothing but wonderful things to say about the Holiday Inn Express in Verona.
Like alot of others who stay here, I'm here for EPIC training.
First of all, the staff deserves a standing ovation for their amazing service.
Everyone is willing to stop and drop what they're doing if it means helping you.
Shuttle service is superb!
You never wait more than 10 minutes for these guys.
Tuesday and Wednesday they serve up some free local beers, wines and cheeses, and there's usually a pretty decent video game of bowling or dancing going.
They've got a giant book of menus for local restaurants, AND they take you to them once you've decided on a place.
Each time I've stayed here, I've had a great experience.
Bottom line is if you're in Verona, this should be your ONLY option.

The staff and service could not be better.
They will not only shuttle you to/from airport and Epic, but to shopping and dining, no problems, no waiting.
The happy hours with local beers are a treat.
The staff is always friendly, always willing to help.
And all of this in a location that gives you the shortest commute possible to Epic.
I won't stay anywhere else.

Great choice for Epic training.
- Free wifi - Free HBO - Breakfast - Clean rooms - Pool jacuzzi gym - Good food at Jordandal across the street - Outstanding customer service - Gave me complimentary shaving items I needed - Shuttle for airport, epic hq, so no need for a car Be back for sure.

Wow...
This hotel definitely blew my mind during my four night stay.
I was so impressed, so I would highly recommend this Holiday Inn Express & Suites to anyone looking to stay in the area.
Without a corporate rate here, it could get a little expensive, but with or without one you definitely won't regret it.
I've definitely been extremely pleased with the facilities and customer service here.
Staff was super friendly, super accommodating, and super awesome.
I feel that alone would have garnered a 5/5 for this particular hotel.
To expand upon this, imagine smiling staff greeting you every time to leave and return to the hotel.
Imagine those working in the breakfast area always smiling and making heartwarming conversations with you.
Imagine that while making rounds on the hotel floors, the staff would also ask how you're doing and how your stay is.
Imagine a call on your last night asking if you'd like a right to the airport.
In fact, my wife had to leave a day earlier than myself.
She needed a ride to the Megabus bus stop past downtown, which isn't a normal shuttle route established my Holiday Inn Express & Suites.
Yet, they were so nice and accommodating and took her there.
Now, in ADDITION to the great customer service, slap on free breakfast, complimentary shuttle service for business and to/from the airport, free wi-fi and wired internet, expanded cable TV, a mini computer lab with a printer, resident happy hour, complimentary toiletries and supplies, a swimming pool and fitness room, and large suite rooms.
The list goes on... and they made me an extremely happy customer.

Great place to stay on the outskirts of Madison.
Very new and clean hotel with extremely friendly staff.
Nice inviting wall of water at end of reception area and a sophisticated and clean look to the place.
Warm pool and a quite hot, hot tub.
Exercise room was adequate with one multi-use piece of strengthening equipment, hand weights, floor mats and 1 each of elliptical, stationary bike and 2 treadmills.
Breakfast is your standard high carb stuff - but we have no complaints.
You get a free drink upon check in for a place across the street called Monte's.
We did not go so I cannot rate that.
Rooms were relatively quite.
We could hear the neighbors who were up at 6 am Sunday.
AC worked very well and the selection of TV channels is very nice.
We will return when in the area.

