This is the latest Starbucks to open up in the South Mountain area.
It's in the center on the corner of 19th Avenue and Baseline, which is a logical spot to put a new location since the closest Starbucks to this particular stretch of Baseline is about 40 blocks in either direction (51st Ave and Baseline in Laveen or two at 24th Street and Baseline in Phoenix).
I have been here quite a few times so far (I'd love to frequent an independent shop for my daily fix, but unfortunately, there aren't any in this area now, although one is rumored to be opening up in the new center at 32nd Street and Baseline) and found it to be decent as far as Starbucks go.
The baristas are very friendly and the iced Americano (my drink of choice) is always made very well - the Americano at other locations often tastes too strong/muddy or too weak/watery.
I'm only giving it three stars, however, because does not have a really comfy interior like a lot of Starbucks do (there are only a few tables and it doesn't have the comfy chairs or couches) and because it has a really small outdoor section (just three tables).
It's one of the locations you frequent to get a quick drink inside or to hit the drive-thru.
The stand-alone location at 24th Street (not the one in the Target) and the location at 51st Avenue in Laveen are much better locations for lounging and surfing online.

The drinks are well made, and the employees are very friendly.
But they are friendly to a fault.
Inside, they never seem to have a sense of urgency like most locations.
They really like chatting with customers, which is nice, but Starbucks is supposed to be FAST!
Friendliness is appreciated, but this is excessive.
I still go here once or twice a week (only when I can afford 15 minutes), but I will never use the drive-through again.
Both times I used the drive thru it took over ten minutes.
The first time was understandable, as it was in the morning, and there were a few cars ahead of me.
The second time was at 2 in the afternoon on a week day.
There was one car at the window, none in the parking lot, so I decided to grab a quick iced tea on my way back from lunch.
I ordered and pulled forward, and the employee was hanging out the window chatting with the customer in front of me for THIRTEEN minutes (yes, my eye was on the clock) before they even handed them their drink.
This chick was laughing, reaching in and petting the dogs thru the windows, just hanging out?!
Talking about her own dogs??
And how unsanitary!!
And I was just sitting there, and sitting, and sitting ....
When the customer's drink came, the customer sent it back to be remade (I could hear that they wanted hot, not iced).
This chick was too busy chatting to pay attention to their initial order, and then had to remake it!!
There is no excuse; they had no other customers!
I put my car into reverse and backed out of the looooonnnnnng drive through in a huff, as they made me late getting back to work from lunch and I wasn't willing to sit there another ten minutes.
Having worked many years in the customer service industry, it's infuriating to me when people take their sweet time, sitting around socializing, when they should be servicing all customers.

I love this Starbucks because it's close to my casa & they have great service.
I can get in & out or hang.
Yeah it's starbucks not local but nothing is close to me.

often my coffee taste burnt or stale.
They need to clean there coffee machines just a little bit better.

This is the slowest Starbucks I have ever been to

Just moving to the area I was pleasantly surprised to find this Starbucks right around the corner.
I have been here quite a few times now and the service is friendly although it can be pretty slow at times my drinks have all been spot on.

This location is ridiculous...I need to stop coming here but it is right around the corner from my job.
Sometimes I just get my coffee from circle k. The staff is slow & the manager well he is just plain out rude.
They often get our order wrong.
UGH!
so frustrating when you need your morning coffee.
Oh they never have the food we want.

Not the best starbuck's location, but at least there is a drive-thru.

This Starbucks has some of the friendliest people of any Starbucks I've ever been to.
They are incredibly nice and they always make my drink perfectly.
Love it!

I love this location, it as a drive through.. which is AWESOME.
The staff is super friendly.
This location is super busy and even with being busy not once have they mess up an order.
This is a great location.

Very nice staff.
Relaxed atmosphere.
Nice addition to the South Mountain area.
Speedy service.

My drinks were both too watery!
Carmel flan latte and chai latte just didn't live up to being a quality coffee at all :( other visits have been better.

Meh to this location.
Last couple of times I've stopped by, they have gotten my order wrong.
Shame on me for not noticing until I got home.
Oh well, it's close to home so I'll keep patronizing them.
Good to having them so close by.

Friendly staff.
Clean store.
Great products you have come to expect.
Can be a little slower than normal when busy.
Easy to get stuck in the drive through and not be able to get out if it's taking too long.
Have been late to work more than once because of this.
But all in all a good location.

