This was by far the worse car wash i have ever paid for and the most expensive.
I contacted paradise mobile detail because i wanted a top shelf detail done on my truck, but unfortunately i got nothing but poor work.
I do not recommend paradise mobile detail to anyone.
You're better off going to a car wash.

I love this place!
They came to my work and detailed my car and it looks PERFECT!
It was affordable and convenient and great quality!
I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!
Unfortunately, I didn't get to tell them what a great job they did when they were here because I was on the phone for work.
I'll be calling you again soon though!

VERY pleased with my experience with Paradise!
I got their "Rainy Day Special", and my car's interior looks and smells absolutely terrific.
The service is super affordable, and it's hard to beat the convenience of staying at home while the friendly workers do their thing.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the technician was about 15 minutes late for my appointment, but at least I was waiting in the comfort of my own home.
Absolutely recommend, and I will be back!

My mother's 1999 Toyota Camry has never been waxed in the 15 years that she has owned it so needless to say it had nasty oxidation.
Even though she takes it to the car wash on occasion, it still doesn't replace a good hand waxing.
I hired Paradise Mobile Detail to come to my house and do a complete auto detailing inside and out.
I was shocked that they managed to get the majority of oxidation out of the body paint and it now has a shine it didn't have before.
Her interior also had some dirt and stains which they managed to get out and the interior looks like new again.
We plan to have them back over to detail my husbands Tacoma truck in the next few weeks.
I would recommend them to anyone looking for an affordable, on time mobile detailer who takes pride in their work and uses top quality products.

i have now used Paradise Auto Detail 3 times and each time i am quite satisfied

