Welcome to my new abode, the Pavilions on Central.
Besides the lack of obnoxious children.
There's much more to like about the Pavilions.
It's quiet at the times it's supposed to be.
I don't have bass-thumping-subwoofer guy or high-heels-on-hardwood-floor girl living above me and It's walking distance to Lux!
Lofts, garages, hardwood floors and the sexual appealing gas fireplace, which is much needed only when you put your air conditioning at 50.
If the damned Light-Rail construction would ever get complete I've got a pick-up/ drop-off area right in front on Central Ave and there's a pick-up/drop-off area on Central Ave/ Roosevelt.
Perfect for my intoxicating evenings at Fate, The Lost Leaf or/and The Roosevelt.
Drink up!
Ride the train!
Score!

Three years from the last review and its still pretty much spot on.
Except now the light rail is done and damn useful.
Access to the airport and the bars and restaurants downtown (and Tempe if you don't mind a long ride).
Otherwise, as Andrew C. said in 2008:  "Welcome to my new abode, the Pavilions on Central.
Besides the lack of obnoxious children.
There's much more to like about the Pavilions.
It's quiet at the times it's supposed to be.
I don't have bass-thumping-subwoofer guy or high-heels-on-hardwood-floor girl living above me and It's walking distance to Lux!
Lofts, garages, hardwood floors and the sexual appealing gas fireplace, which is much needed only when you put your air conditioning at 50..."

When I left, I left the state, and was unable to do a walk through with them.
I never had a problem trusting the staff, and never DREAMED there would be an issue, so no...
I didn't go around and taking pictures and videotape of the condition of the place.
My mistake.
People say you should do this, and I have now learned my lesson.
In my mail the other day comes an envelope from the Pavilions.
My pet deposit being returned?
NOPE.
A bill to replace baseboards, molding, and the entire carpet throughout the unit!
So I call the manager, and ask about it.
No more do I get the helpful staff that wants to keep you around for another lease term.
Oh no, I get the moved-out-of-state-former-tenant treatment.
I ask about the charges and she's very standoffish.
The baseboards were missing in the garage she tells me.
And she's right, they sure were.
'WHY', you ask?
Because an adjacent apartment's refrigerator was leaking from the ice maker line for weeks, and for weeks, water poured into my garage, ruining walls, baseboards, the ceiling, dripping on my car (which I soon parked outside out of common sense, since it was much dryer out there), and requiring me to move my things out of the garage.
(They never did anything for me on this by the way...
I think I got a "sorry about that".
)  This went on for about 3 weeks if I remember correctly, because maintenance couldn't find the source of the leak.
After they found it, they repaired most of the garage, and left the baseboards off.
Whatever, it's a garage, I don't own the garage, I was just happy I could park my car inside again.
So imagine my displeasure when I get a bill for those very same baseboards.
After much back and forth on how I have no intention of paying for something that's clearly their fault and not mine, the manager tells me, and I quote (copied right from the email she sent me) "In light of the inconvenience you experienced with the garage leak, I'll go ahead and waive the charges for the baseboard in the garage".
REALLY???
HOW GRACIOUS OF YOU!
She acted like she was doing me a favor.
Which brings us to the carpet.
Now communication has deteriorated and I can only assume it's because she feels she already did me a big favor by not charging me for the baseboards I had nothing to do with.
She's not going to budge on the carpet.
Let me tell you about the carpet.
I have a cat, and she peed on one area of the carpet.
It's an unfortunate aspect of owning a pet, that sometimes they find a spot they like to pee on, and make it their own again and again despite best attempts to redirect the behavior.
Can it be steam cleaned?
I don't know, I'll take them at their word that it can't be.
So what will cost to replace the area that was affected, I ask?
Instead of getting a response (and this is tough because she won't talk to me about it on the phone, only over email, so I can't really pin her down on questions she's not comfortable answering) she tells me they have to replace the carpet in the ENTIRE unit.
That would be 2 floors worth of carpet and 2 sets of stairs.
I was willing to pay to replace the damaged room, and even the adjacent room because I'm a reasonable person and am well aware it would look stupid to have new carpet up against older carpet on the same floor.
So I ask what that would cost.
Nope, I get no response to this.
Instead, all of sudden, I'm told about excessive wear throughout the carpet, the whole thing has to be replaced.
What excessive wear?
Was it cut, burned, what?
Not when we left, it wasn't.
Just walking on a carpet doesn't wear it excessively unless it's really cheap carpet, and the carpet wasn't new when I moved in.
So just what amount of "excessive wear" there is, and how it can be attributed to me and not the prior tenant, I have no idea.
I asked what she meant by "excessive" because we're not destructive people, and we vacuumed frequently.
I expected the carpet to need a cleaning because there was dirt on the high traffic areas, but it honestly wasn't bad.
Nope, no communication, my-way-or-the-highway attitude.
Can I see pictures of what you're referring to?
Again, I quote from an email: "I can send you pictures, however, no doubt you are very aware of the condition of the carpet when you moved out.
"  If you're wondering, the pictures never came.
I asked the manager to call me on the phone to talk about this, and she won't.
I call the office, and am told she's not there.
So, I don't know WHY they're giving me the delinquent tenant treatment.
I paid every rent payment and fee on time and in full.
It's my opinion that they must have thought I wouldn't have questioned the charges and just paid up.
WRONG!

I lived here for a little over a year and it was great.
The management was very responsive and fixed problems quickly when needed.
it was overall a pretty decent place to live and I never had any problems there.
The only reason why I don't give it a higher rating is because I got slapped with a $3000 fine for breaking my lease even though it was because I had to move out of AZ for another job.
I thought that was VERY unreasonable.
So if you do move there, be warned that if you break your lease, they'll make you pay dearly.

I strongly disagree with most of these reviews!
I love living here at the Pavilions On Central.
I have only lived here for 4 months.
It was rough at the beginning but it is so much better with the new management.
When first looking into moving here and the first couple of weeks living here it was not good.
The management always gave different answers and they never had their stuff together.
They had no idea about their property.
Now that Alliance is here they are doing a great job.
They definitely know what they are doing and they are educated about their property.
They are always trying to make the property look nice.
They are even re-painting the whole complex to a beautiful new color.
I can't wait until it is done!
The apartments themselves are beautiful as well.
They are multiple floors, ceiling fans in bedrooms, nice appliances, fireplaces, and a beautiful pool and spa.
The location couldn't be better either.
It is right on the light rail which is so convenient, especially since I am an ASU downtown student.
The only negative thing I have to say is parking is an issue.
You do get at least a garage or carport.
Although if you have multiple cars you have to park in non-covered spots which are limited.
If there aren't any spots at night you have to park on the street and move your car by 7am.
There is not much that can be though because there is no place to make more parking.
Overall this place is beautiful, very safe, and has great new management.
I would strongly recommend living here!

I absolutely love living at the pavilions.
It was a little rough at the beginning because of management switching over, but now that alliance is there it makes it much more comforting knowing that everything is taken care of.
The few times we have had maintenance issues (which is rare) the maintenance guys are always right on top of it and get it fixed the day of, they are also really nice and pleasant to talk to.
The couple times we have been in the office, the ladies in there have been more than helpful and had answered all of our questions.
The only downside to this apartment is the parking is pretty bad if you want to park in the gates after 8pm, you better believe you are either going to circle for an hour until someone leaves or swallow your pride and park outside the gates.
They are a little pricey but definitely worth it.

Fairly quiet, great floor plans, closets to love, but location is everything!
Can't be any closer to the light rail!
Restaurants and places for a night cap are within walking distance in basically any direction.
The new management has put a ton of great things into this place, fixing the gates and trimming the trees alone has made a huge impact.
The old management had hired some very harassing security folk, who we had several run ins with, no issues at all anymore!
I Dog friendly, awesome grill by the pool, all in unit or garage washer & dryer (a luxury in its own) you will get what you pay for.
Few improvements I would suggest, more than one recycling bin, pet waste facilities along the exterior, and maybe another BBQ or two.
Can't wait to see what the in unit renovations have in store, this place has great bones but with the proper touch will be perfect!
Side note, it's the city..
Parking is at a premium in this prime location

This is the worst place to live.
Management can give you false information about your lease and it is held up by corporate.
Do not move here!!

