I've never wanted to move in (literally) to a public facility before.
D@$!
this place is full of blings!
It was suppose to cost $10MM to build.
Finally, a place where I can go to sit on a Herman Miller Aeron chair for hours without menacing looks from pesky sales people.
Free wifi, coffee bar and yeah, lots of shinny new books.

Free books, free movies, free mags, free wifi, comfy chairs with foot stools, self checkout, drive thru pick up and drop off, coffee, very separate children's area...ahhh....true love.
First off, the building is gorgeous with a zen-like front outdoor sitting area complete with the sound of running water.
It's open and airy, and just a relaxing place to be.
The set up is great - children have their own area with plenty to look at and explore, while adults have their own place to study or enjoy a book in some peace and quiet.
Definitely my favorite Scottsdale library, and yes, I've been to them all.
Note:  You may want to avoid after school from around 3:30 - 6:00pm....those kiddies from across the street can get noisy, giggly, and sometimes obnoxious.

Been working here, as I needed a place that was conducive to focusing, while awaiting my house wifi set-up.
Everything seems great.
Friendly staff, free wifi, quiet (take that Starbucks!
) and generally comfortable.
Only 4 stars, as I've been told by one of the staff members that it's not as mellow once 3-4pm rolls around.
That's cool, though.
Definitely a good place to work during the day, if the need arises.

Wow, I love this place.
Being an architectural fanatic, I'm in loveee with the building.
So much.
It's an oasis in the lifeless desert that is North Scottsdale.
The resources here are phenomenal, and finding a table to sit down and do some homework is NEVER a problem.
Seriously!
Props to SPL for building yet another fabulous library.
This place has so much to offer.
Check it out if you're ever in the area.

A truly impressive facility.
I came in for two books not knowing this location (I normally  go to Appaloosa).
The staff was very helpful and I found what I wanted very quickly -- I was there 10 minutes, tops.
I would highly recommend this Library to anyone interested & I'll be coming back very soon for my next batch.

What a beautiful building!
I feel like I am in an art museum and not a public library!
When you first enter the library... you feel like you are walking through a cavern.
Amazing!
The library itself is beautiful... high ceilings... plenty of seating, free wifi.
Magazines and books!
All they need is a Starbucks kiosk and it would be nirvana.

Beautiful building, tranquil atmosphere...its almost an escape from reality to visit this library!
Throw in a good book and it doesn't get any better.
I love this place...most new books are readily available.
Free WIFI, great AC... they even have passes for free admission to museums in town!
And its all free!
Go grab a good book and tell them that Steve sent ya!

I'm glad this is my neighborhood library.
It's a very unique building from an architectural standpoint.
It's not large but has a nice selection of newspapers and magazines to read.

Came here to register a few months ago and was impressed w/ this hidden gem!
I've yet to go back, but I really did find the area beautiful, inside and out.
We were only indoors long enough to sign up for library cards, so I didn't have much time to explore, but it seems the library has everything one could want-- books, DVDs, CDs, newspapers, and magazines.
I recall thinking there were so many nooks where one could hide and chill for a few hours...  We spent more time taking photos outdoors at a few copper/metal art sculptures and in the garden area leading to the library itself.
Really cool artwork here- a VERY pleasant surprise, especially since we wanted to take advantage to check out using e-books using the library's website!
The woman at the registration/help desk was very helpful and accommodating-- a very refreshing change from the usual wham-bam thank you Ma'am or nonchalant attitudes one could expect from other venues' customer service reps.  Perhaps working at a beautiful and tranquil space such as the Arabian Library had something to do w/ that amiable woman's outlook that day?
:)  Can't wait to go back and explore!
Added bonus:  AL is near the McDowell Sonoran Preserve!
Spending a few minutes/hours hiking around the preserve and then chilling at the library afterwards sounds like a great way to spend the day to me...

Went for a quick visit yesterday and found the library to be less beautiful and less tranquil than when I visited it w/ family a few months ago.
This time it was full of noisy children, both outdoors and in...
I mentioned this observation to a librarian after waiting for her to finish discussing w/ another librarian how a group of unruly children must be addressed (they'd been warned twice already), and she told me that the best times to visit is in the mornings and evenings.
Basically, if you want peace and quiet and a lot of productivity, then avoid this library from 220p (when nearby middle school lets out) and 5-6p (when the children are picked up by their parents/caregivers).
There are study rooms that are first come, first serve (free to use), plus meeting rooms that are available (for a "nominal" fee).
You may either sign up at the help desk, or access the registration form online.
There is also an area at the back that is strictly no talking, no cell phone usage.
It was a very nice change of pace from the rest of the library.
There is a vending machine that dispenses snacks and coffee, or so I'm told by another librarian (there was also a posted sign of "SNACKS" pointing somewhere), but I didn't find it during our very quick walk around the facility.
I wish there were better signage outside directing people on how to exit to the main roads.
It's easy to get lost in the twists and turns exiting out, since the area is right next to a school, a preserve and an aquatic center (!!
), and their parking lots.

This is my first visit to this library since they built it about five years ago.
I find it to be very beautiful and complimentary to the natural Arizona landscape.
The staff here are very friendly and helpful, they easily requested a book for me from another library and it was delivered two days later, just as they said.
What I found frustrating is the limited amount of books.
The space is quite large and intricately designed, but the adult fiction area is extremely small.
I thought there was another area somewhere, but no, thats it.
The childrens area, however,  is cute and welcoming.
I will continue to use this library because I live so close, but if I have more time in the day I will go to the larger Civic Center Library.

Recently moving to Scottsdale, I was excited to be able to use the Scottsdale libraries.
Lucky for me, this library is right across the street from where I live.
On my way home from work I can swing by or I could walk (if the weather permits).
So far, I love this library.
There is always plenty of parking, the hours of operation are convenient for me, and the layout/design is great.
I love the way it looks outside and the inside is super convenient and well laid out.
When I first signed up for my library card, the librarian on duty was gracious enough to give me a tour of the facility and help me figure out where everything is located.
That was super nice and helpful.
I especially love that I can request books online and hold for pickup at my convenience.
I have done this a few times now and I can either pick them up via a drive thru or inside the library.
It's fantastic!

If your looking for a nice quite place to study or just read, DONT GO HERE!
This library prides itself on being North Scottsdale's after school daycare.
So noisey with kids running around the inside and outside, using it as a playground.
Yes running, I can't tell you how many times I've had kids bolt out of nowhere nearly running into me or somebody else.
Every kid talks on their cell phone as they lap around the inside of the whole building.
One time it was so loud I couldn't even think to myself so I packed my things and went to study behind closed doors, I was quickly escourted out and told to never go into one of the rooms ever again.
I'm sorry, but you do realize I pay taxes right?

Very cool looking building.
Glad to call it my local library!

