This location has 11 or 12 regular screens and one IMAX auditorium.
This review is simply based my experience today at the IMAX theatre.
What kind of sorry ass excuse for an IMAX theatre is this place?!
I was expecting what you would normally get from an IMAX experience: a screen so big your peripheral vision is...more screen.
A total immersive experience.
Well...not so much at this place.
The screen is barely bigger than standard and arguably smaller than Harkins' various Cine Capri screens.
It's the normal type of stadium seating you'd see at a Harkins or newer AMC theatre but certainly not an intimate IMAX auditorium where you feel you are part of the movie.
It was such a disappointment.
The sound was hit and miss.
The bass is solid and rumbles the theatre which adds to the experience, but it was tough to hear any words being spoken during moments where there was a lot of loud action.
I actually don't even know what was said at certain parts of the film.
All in all I would never go back to this place and spend money at their IMAX screen.
I went 25 miles out of my way to experience The Dark Knight in an IMAX setting and it was a waste of precious gas and time.
I'm sure the regular screens are comparable to Harkins and AMC theatres and seeing films there is normally a usual trip to the movies.
But there is absolutely no reason to spend money on an "IMAX experience" at this place.
As my girlfriend half-jokingly put it: "Someone should call the Better Business Bureau on them for claiming that an IMAX theatre.
"  One plus: They do have Nathan's brand hot dogs.

Yeah I thought imax theaters were supposed to be dome-ish, not here...Everything else was alright, I just felt more than a little ripped off by the whole flat screen "i-max" experience.

I saw Toy Story 3D here, and the ticket price was cheaper than AZ Mills (I think because Gateway gave the matinee price for the 4;30 show).
However, the theater was smaller than the ones I've been to at AZ Mills.
I choose price over size.

There isn't much that you can say about a movie theatre.
They showcase movies before I can buy them on DVD.
So with that being said you really can't fault them for over charging for the concessions.
People will pay no matter what.
What I really do enjoy about this theater though is that it is always clean, and there's hardly ever a crowd here.
Always a plus to be able to get the seats that you want.
With all this being said, it's a theater, I go for one purpose and that satiate my needs.

My favorite movie theater- always clean, movies cost more therefor you typically won't find ghetto people( on the phone, talking LOUD, or just plain rude) there!
Love it, the best way to see a flick!

This is a very nice movie theater.
It has comfy seats and it's not too packed.
It's a little more pricey than other theaters but I'd pay for the atmosphere.

This is a great theater, always clean and not as crowded as the Harkins Theater at Superstition Springs.
We've watched numerous movies in the IMAX 3D theater and it's always a great experience.
The seats are comfy, popcorn is fresh and the soda is cold, what more could you want from a movie theater?

This theater seems to always have stale or soft popcorn.
I actually am one of those people that chooses a theater not only based on sound and seating but the snacks.
I didn't like how straight the chairs were.
They move but they sit so far forward I felt like I was leaning forward the whole time.
There was also a long line to the bathroom.
The theater was very clean however and I enjoyed the overall movie experience but I would personally avoid coming to this theater again.

was good for a matinee.
not crowded.
Took my grandson to watch Spiderman, He fell asleep, probable thought it was a cartoon movie.
I like this smallish theater; no large crowds and the place is so cool and quiet..

great comfortable chairs good selection of movies swell interior design

First, this theater has great sound.
I guess I had been going to older theaters and didn't realize what I was missing.
Another bonus is that they accept the harkins refill cups at this location.
Great way to save money.
Great location, usually not completly full for most movies, and a great selection of movies.
Haven't tried their Imax screen yet but have heard it is nice.

I watched Paranormal Activity 4 here and it was expensive.
For two of us it was twenty two dollars.
Ouch!!
Then there was another twenty dollars to spend inside on food.
I would have been happier paying fourteen dollars at my local Harkins while using my loyalty cup for a dollar soda and then paying for a popcorn.
No military discount here like at Harkins.
I just didn't feel that it was a good bargain to pay extra for a movie on IMAX.
I will still give it three stars though because the experience wasn't bad.
I knew what I was getting into and that it would be more expensive.

Drove in from North Chandler to Dickinson Gateway to enjoy their IMAX.
Got to cashier to be told  IMAX is closed for technical issues.
In other words they do not have redundant projectors.
I asked to talk to the manager and it seems they are too busy to talk to their customers.
I called on my cell phone and talked to a female manager or so she said.
Basically its too bad and if you don't like it go somewhere else.
Bad experience.

This is a newer theater so the seats are very nice and comfortable.
They have an IMAX theater and a large selection of 3D movies.
This is good and bad.
It's good if you are looking for 3D but bad if you just want to see a movie without paying extra for 3D or IMAX.
The snacks are okay and priced about the same as any other theater but I'd rather go to Harkins and save a few bucks with my souvenir cup.
Also, the popcorn is not that great.

I've been here before I'm always less then impressed.
Today I ordered a coke and my friend ordered a coke in the line next to me...my guy went a couple registers down and got me a coke.
My friend was told they were out of coke...for the price if $5.25 for a large, I think the girl could have walked a few feet and got coke out of a machine that had it...

My second time and I really like it.
It's been clean quiet and the ac is nice and cool.
You can get a small popcorn and small drink for 6$.
Also if you got a harkins cup you can refill for a buck.
I like that the seats are not cloth so your not all hot in the middle of movie.
It's only $7 for a show before 6pm.

We came here to watch a flick while visiting Mesa from Cleveland.
It's just a movie theater should be: clean, comfortable, and has all the bells and whistles.
We had a great experience here and may very well come here again on our next vacation.

Not my favorite movie-going experience.
The box office clerk had opinions about our movie choice and the popcorn was old -- even on a Saturday night.
They do honor a refill in Harkins cups, but their lids don't fit, so I hope that stream of Cherry Coke matches your top.
The worst part was sharing an auditorium with "AJ people" who waive the redneck flag proudly and yell their own commentary at the screen throughout the film.

I didn't even know this place existed until I wanted to see Gravity in IMAX, and Dickinson was the only place playing it.
30 minute drive later and I was here!
Nice theatre.
The sound was perfect (nice & loud).
Screen was clear and crisp.
Comfy seats.

Love this theater, especially because it's not a very popular location, I guess.
Even for the big blockbuster opening night screenings, I can always get a seat.
Staff is friendly, auditoriums have rocking seats (literally, they rock back).
Food cost is about as expected and comparable to other chains in town.
The food counter is perpetually understaffed, which is why they lost a star on this review.

The staff here are terribly rude, and no sense of customer service.
The ticket and snack bar lines are always understaffed and in general the theater isn't every very clean or tidy.
The snack bar will most assuredly be out of whatever you want to drink also, this never fails to be the case.
I would drive and extra few movies to go to an AMC or Cinemark.
Two thumbs down for this mediocre movie theater.

Theater was uncomfortably warm even after u told management about the issue.
I guess they don't care if its warm if the theater is not even half full.
Go figure that's why people don't come here.
We only went because we have a Groupon deal if not we won't pay for full price for it.
My first experience with this theater was good with IMAX but that was 2-3 years ago.

I like this location for movies because it is not as crazy crowded as Harkins or AMC.
They offer IMAX and 3D as well as matinees, student, and senior prices so it is just as conveinent as the others.
The staff has always been friendly and theirs seats are comfy...
Cheers!

The East Valley's best kept movie goers secret.
I have no idea why this place isn't busier.
Sure... the staff may not be as bubbly as the next place.
But you don't have to deal with the mobs of teenagers like you do at SanTan.
We take the extra time to drive out here all the time and love the more low-key experience.
If you don't like crowds... it's worth the drive for sure.
Right off the freeway, so it's super quick to get to!

Buying tickets is easy which was nice.
However when we tried to buy a hot dog and a orange icee.
Hot dogs that are advertised everywhere are not cooking it's a 10 to 15 minute wait and the icee machine is broken.
So keep that in mind while paying the  obscene movie prices.
Theaters are a bit old but nice enough.
I think I will look for a different theater even if it's a longer drive.
This is the second time with no cooked food and drink issues.
not worth the Hassel and pissed off family.

New to the area and have been here twice-Not impressed.
The boy that was selling tickets really did not know what he was doing and was hard to understand through the microphone.
We went on a Sunday afternoon and you would think that they would've cleaned up the joint a little bit throughout the day, but there was popcorn and garbage all over the floor.
We paid $13 for a popcorn and slushy and the movie that we were seeing was only two weeks old ..but was in the smaller dumpier theater.
There are way too many movie theater options out there for us to go back here again.

After watching the teenage boy and girl chat and on there phones they finally acknowledged me.
I purchased a large popcorn to share amongst me and 2 others in my family.
I asked for cardboard trey which they replied they were out.
Manager walked up and I asked if I could have an ancho trey or small bag to hold popcorn, she refused and said I could purchase separate popcorn.
Then I asked if I could have anything and she placed a small water cup in front of me and walked away.
Horrible manager and staff.
Good to know after I spent 43$ just on tickets alone I get greeted with attitude and children on there phones.

