My husband had seen some of their advertisements on TV and we decided to stop in one night as he wanted another suit.
It's a smaller store but it's got great selection.
As they had just opened, they were having a decent sale.
I definitely can't speak for the fit and feel of the clothing but my husband says he loves his suit and that it's great.
My own impressions are as such:  -The sales staff are a bit pushy.
I have a feeling they don't get a ton of business as about 1/2 of the Shops at Norterra aren't open and the area is still growing.
I'm sure that this may change over time and it was also a Sunday, a slow business day.
-They have a great selection of fabric but the majority of the suits have one cut: 2 button, traditional.
If you want a three button or a double breasted, go some place else.
They really don't have a huge selection of those styles.
Also, if you want something a little more fashion forward (a more athletic cut say) go to Nordstrom or an independent retailer that carries a wider variety of brands.
-The pricing is really decent.
The alterations total were about $30 and were really well done.
The suit my husband bought looks great on him and was really well tailored.
-If you want it, they can get it.
The online selection for this retailer is humongous, but they can order it and get in the store for you to view in about 3 days.
The stock in store may not be huge but they will get you what you want.
-The clothing really seems on par with any mid-level men's store.
So, come here if you need the basics.
Go some place else if you want GQ.

I cannot express how great this place is and the staff.
I am a part of a wedding party that was going there for a suit.
I was not able to go with the party to get fitted for the suit.
Greg, the manager went out of his way to make sure I was taken care of.
Even though I wasn't able to get it done at the same time he made sure I wouldn't be left out for this event.
I can't thank them enough for their customer service.
This will be where I get my suits from here on out.

I like Jos A Bank  good suits, good prices  However, this is the worst store I have ever encountered: We were given the briefest of courtesy, we asked two questions and then the staff went off, never to return: After asking two different staff members for help, and being ignored, we left: They weren't busy, mind you - they had two other customers in the store:  They simply could not be bothered.
Go to ANY other Jos A Bank, even if you have to drive an hour:

I have never been more disgusted with a store EVER.
I heard they were having a clearance and recommended my boyfriend get a suit there.
He walked in the door and the sales woman told my boyfriend that he was fat and should "lay off the burritos".
This will NOT be the last JoS A Bank hears of this situation.
I cannot believe a business would seriously make a potential customer feel bad for their weight.
My boyfriend is a local actor/singer/dancer in the community theater scene in town and has NEVER had an issue with a costumer providing suits/dance pants/jeans, etc EVER.
I AM DISGUSTED.

