The UPS Store is one of those places where I'm willing to go and pay a little more money for a service (in this case, packing and shipping items to be mailed) because it's just *that* much more convenient, hassle-free, and streamlined than the cheaper alternative (in this case, the illustrious U.S. Post Office).
Sorry, Uncle Sam!
Pretty much every year in December, we go to the UPS Store to buy packing materials and ship all of our gifts to relatives and friends who live out of town.
Even though Ground is not nearly as cost-effective as USPS' Priority Mail service, the friendliness of the employees, shorter lines, and packing services take a little edge off of the already-stressful holiday season.
This location is brand-new and definitely does not disappoint.
The employees are really helpful and amiable and parking is a breeze.
After visiting my parents in LA last weekend, I accidentally took my mom's extra set of house keys home with me (oops!).
Instead of going to the closest post office (on 7th Street), which was nightmarish last time I went on a weekday afternoon, I just drove the few minutes to the UPS store, grabbed a quick-seal envelope, filled out the shipping form, paid, and was on my way 7-8 minutes later.
No long lines, no hassle.
Just quick and easy shipping.
Totally worth the extra $4 I paid for the box and cost difference between Ground and Priority Mail.

Having this place close by has saved me a few times when I was experiencing my own technical issues at home.
I've never packaged or sent anything through them, but have no reason to think that they would not do that as professionally as they handle other needs.
I've gone to them to send and receive faxes, for copying needs and even when I needed something notarized.
(Don't take the word of a high school-aged worker if they think they can't help you.
You only have to be smarter than the trainee and ask her to double-check that information with another employee.
)  They have always been able to do what I've needed done.

I was only going to write a 4-star review because of the area of town this is in, but what earned the fifth star was really the helpfulness of the folks working there.
For me, stopping by a store like this means I'll pay a premium for the convenience, and that is what I got, and a little bit more.
They didn't balk at the volume of my stuff, or the number of loose items I also wanted them to package.
These folks are professionals at what they do, and that's why we pay the price for something they're good at.
They even threw in a discount code for the packaging cost.
Good folks.

I was supposed to receive a package back in June.My package, which contains an Iphone and a pair of expensive sunglasses, still have not been found.
UPS delivered it to the wrong address and has yet to retrieve it or refund me.
I've been given the run around and they will not let me speak with a supervisor.
They then closed my investigation because "I received my package".
I did not receive it, the wrong address received it back in June.
It's now July 15th!!!
I will never ever use UPS again and my employer is switching to Fed ex after this.
AND I still don't have a refund for $15.56.
REALLY???
They expect me to pay for something I never received.

