This is a really good Starbucks location.
Unlike a lot of the newer locations that have retro plastic chairs that look much more stylish than functional, it has lots of comfy upholstered chairs, plenty of plugs for web surfers, and a decently-sized outdoor seating area.
The staff is really friendly and efficient as well.
There is also a drive-through.

Awesome morning crew!!!
Keep up the happy vibe!
Great service!

Seing as how I work right down the road from this location, I have become a frequent mid day visitor of this Starbucks.
The drive through is always moving and they are consistent with every return trip.
I had to wait for a few minutes, no more than 10, and when I got to the front of the line, they comped my entire order of four drinks, nice touch.
I always see them moving people in and out with efficiency, so they get a four star review from me.
At this point, you either have gotten used to the burnt taste of Starbucks or not, but complaining about, this late in the game, is annoying.

I periodically go through the drive-thru of this location on my way to work, and though there are always  many cars, they are pretty speedy and very friendly.
At this particular location I am happy to leave tip.

Update:New Management = New way of life.
this Starbucks has made great improvements.
I don't go as much as I used to when I thought I had less time.
but I do go often enough to read or just pick up a coffee and I've seen a great improvement in this store.
That's great.
2011 Review I'm giving them a 3 because I rarely get exactly what I want from the window.
But let me start with the good first.
Friendliest bunch of folks I've ever seen.
All people on the staff seem to love their jobs!
They also seem to work very efficiently.
Unfortunately, the attire is a little small.
Ites not conducive to a small study group, even though it practically sits on a small college campus..  No couches or comfy chairs to sit and socialize.
My main reason for the 3 rating is the fact that I rarely get what I "want" from that drive up window!
I used to order a tall coffee and a HOT veggie sandwich.
The sandwich is almost always cold in the center, even if I ask them to heat it longer so the center is warm.
Sometimes I ask for my coffee with two pumps of cream and I have to go in to get more cream.
I have stopped ordering the sandwiches as much, saves me money, that's for sure.
I started making my own coffee at home, and soon, I'll probably just stop by there as a treat once a week for the coffee, sans the sandwhich.

Typical Starbucks.
Usually very busy (nowhere to sit on weekends), and is not a big store at all.
Since it is smaller, the selection of coffee mugs and other paraphernalia that they sell is not very big.
Staff is nice, though!

Fast, friendly crew.
ESPECIALLY on a Monday morning!

Was a really bad day.
My wife was mad cuz she couldn't find her cafe Verona blend of coffee in any other Starbucks.
Trust me I called at least 12 other locations.
This location was the only one that offered to brew my wife her coffee.
Thank you so much.
Made my night.

Just dropped in ~3:30PM today for a coffee drink and newspaper.
The counter was dirty and sticky--obviously not clean.
I started to put my paper down so it could ring up and ... changed my mind.
The girl ringing me up did it anyway, and it now has a sticky blotch on the back.
I asked her not to--she just looked at me (huh?).
So I mentioned that this counter--the one where customers put their drinks and pay--needed cleaned.
she just looked at me --and said "okay".
But she did not clean it, she went around to the salad food customer facing display case and checked that out.
When I picked up my drink on the other end, that counter was equally --not clean--sticky with rings and dried (kind of) spills.
3 people were working and it was not busy.
There is no excuse to have this place be dirty.
I didn't check the tables since I was taking it to go, but I bet they were dirty too.
These people need some house cleaning lessons--this is no way to leave counters and it takes just a minute.
It did not get done when I was there, and that girl or anyone else did not care.
She was maybe 5'6 with long curly dark hair tied back, maybe in early 20s, and maybe 20 # extra weight, and she had on camel-beige-colored pants.
I hope the food inspectors come in when it looks like this.
Some people who work here must have mothers at home cleaning up after them.
Obviously the manager is not on duty.

Great Starbucks and always busy with customers on this corner.
Sometimes the wait is a little longer than expected.
Other than this, this one has a decent outdoor patio and a drive-thru.

The slowest drive thru ever.
In the time I've been in line (only 3 cars in front of me, which is why I thought it might be worth it this time) I've downloaded the yelp app, created a profile, and posted this review.
This is the third time I've tried this drive thru and it will be the last.
I've never been in line for less than 15 minutes.
Before I even ordered the two cars behind me backed up to leave.

Not really a fan of this Sbux.
Just sayin.
I feel coffee should not be a hard thing nor should it take me so long to get .
However, it's right down the way from my boyfriends and thus, convenient.
Let's face it, when you need java, it's needed now.
NOT in 15 minutes from ordering.
Two things recently, on my way to my campus, very early in the morning, I ordered a quad nonfat dry Cappuccino.
Doesn't seem that difficult, right.
I start to walk out and realize it's a sugary, mocha sort of thing.
Spat!!
Ewww.
No.
I don't like chocolate that much and I hate sugar more.
This drink I waited on for 10 minutes; my bf had his Americano and was having to leave me or he was gonna be late for a meeting !
She almost sneered at me when I told her the coffee was not what I ordered.
Oh well.
5 more minutes and correct Capp.
In hand ; wow maybe the baristas need more java??
Secondly, I splurged on a quad nonfat caramel latte and it's coming out to me as a frap?
Hmmmm.
What?
Did I say 'cold'?
Why no I did not.. More attitude.
So there is my justification for 2 stars ... You see in this side of town...
There's just no Peets!

I want to like this Starbucks I really do, but they make it so difficult.
I'm writing this review from the drive-thru which is where I have been for the past 13 minutes.
The service here is super slow and there's a 50% chance they'll give me the wrong drink.
I have to check it each time before pulling off.
They need some serious training.

This is the worst Starbucks I've been to.
I've lived across the street for 10 years, so naturally we adopted this as our go to coffee shop.
I've tried giving them the benefit of the doubt bit after today's drink, I'm done.
The employees are nice, but incredibly slow.
The drinks are always watered down, and never flavored enough.
I just ordered a Carmel Frap.
It came thin and melted, with hardly any Carmel flavoring.
It's white in coloring.
This is the last blunder I'm allowing.
It's ridiculous that they think Starbucks (the king of coffee shops) would be okay with these products being served.
If I could return my drink, and give them no stars, I would.
I'll be going elsewhere from now on.

I rarely go to this super close to home Starbucks because of how slow their service is- not to mention their mediocre customer service.
I'm running late this morning as it is and decide to stop for a passion tea (since I'm late already anyway) I get there & opt out of going through drive thru because the line is ridiculously long, so instead I get out and walk inside.
When I get in, there are TWO customers ahead of me the lady ordering is ordering at least 10 drinks and the cashier looked extremely irritated.
So me and the guy in front of me are waiting a total 10 minutes before they decide to get another cashier to help us along with the other 6 people that walked in after us.
Anyways paid for my drink and waited for my drink- the barista who gave me my drink didn't look at all happy to be working.
I asked her for water with ice along with my tea, she let out a huge sigh and asked another barista to give me my water...
I was reminded EXACTLY why I do not ever go to this Starbucks - this is by far my least favorite Starbucks thus far...

Okay I'm not just saying this... And keep in mind I have never been inside this location...
But, I've been a huge coffee-snob my entire life almost so my taste buds are like super high maintenance when it comes to a good pull of espresso.
This Starbucks in particular is hands down, the best I have been to in the valley.
I work right down the road and I honestly hate going to any other Starbucks on my side of town (Not Phoenix).
The drive-thru is super fast and every single person on the morning crew is just phenomenal.
They are SO friendly and not once have they gotten my order wrong.
I'm not even going to lie, my drink is not a "normal" request.
And they get it dead on every single time.
I have not been to one other Starbucks across the valley that has gotten my order correct.
I'm sure you guys can relate with me, but there is nothing worse than your first morning coffee being wrong (right?
extra grumpy-here I come!).
BUT!
I do not have to worry about that here.
It's amazing.
I wish they knew how much I appreciate knowing that I can just go there, order my high maintenance coffee drink and know that its going to be just what I ordered.
I love it.
THANK YOU!
- Natalie D.  - Drinker of the Venti Iced Americano - Blended, with Sugar Free Vanilla Syrup.

