Been here one too many times now.
It's a nice new Best Buy let's just hope you never have to do a price adjustment or have any returns for their  customer service department.
It's run by pimply twits that you just may want to strangle or tell them how to do their job.
If you do anything computer related ask for the business person he knows a thing or two.
Everything else I think you are pretty much on your own I have not used their Geek Squad here yet.

Good selection and lots of toys but the mark-up on some items is insane... and borderline criminal.
Prices on cables are insane.
I needed a Firewire 800 cable.
The only one they carry is a Belkin.
$49.99.
Amazon sells the EXACT SAME THING with shipping for $15.
Even Belkin themselves have the list price at $39.99.
They know most people will buy things like Blu-Ray players and then will pay jacked up prices for the accessories to go with it.
Very insulting and 1990s-ish.
Now any idiot like me can price-check on a cell phone.
(Worth noting: my issue isn't with this particular location, which seems just as nice and exactly the same as 8 bajillion other Best Buys)

I'll never forget one experience I had at the store.
I was browsing the Apple computers and there was another customer next to me who was asking the Best Buy employee about Apple computers.
I had to jump into the conversation because the staff member couldn't answer the questions and didn't really know what they were talking about.
The customer ended up talking to me since I was able to answer their questions and help them out.
Word to the wise: if you're looking to buy an Apple computer, go to your local Apple store and NOT Best Buy.
Apple employees are highly educated on their products.
On a different trip to Best Buy I overheard a conversation between a customer and a staff member, yet again in the Apple section.
The customer was buying a MacBook & the employee was trying to sell them an extended warranty via Best Buy's extended warranty.
I didn't say anything, but wanted SO bad to tell them not to buy Best Buy's warranty: Apple Care is Apple's warranty and is much better and can be purchased from Apple.
It was annoying and I felt bad for the customer.
They are super pushy about warranty on pretty much any product in the store.
I was checking out once when they tired to sell me a $30 warranty on my $100 printer.
When I say no, don't keep trying to sell it!
Be leery of their warranties: I would research warranties from the actual company or warranties that come with the product before purchasing Best Buy's warranty.
Another reason why this isn't getting a great review is that this particular store is very small and doesn't have a great selection.
Their CD selection is practically non-existent.
I understand that CDs are "going out" now that digital downloads are very popular, but the CD selection at WalMart is better than this Best Buy and I just feel like the selection at this store is much less than other stores, which is disappointing considering it's an electronic store.

Every time going to this Best Buy I've had a good experience.
The staff is extremely helpful, but not overbearing (constantly asking and asking to help like other Best Buys).
They ask once, then give you your space.
When you have a question, they're always nice and prompt to answer.
Perfect customer service.
It gets better though.
The most recent visit to this location I had bought a camera, and even with good reviews online, and the help of the BestBuy staff, I found out the audio on the camera was terrible.
Just a problem with that model camera.
We didn't know.
The next day I returned the camera with its plan, and had the easiest transition with customer service too get a different camera.
Within 10 minutes I was in and out with a new and better camera, and didn't spend an extra dime.
It was perfect, and the new camera is great!
Just one of the many great experiences at this Best Buy.
I would give this 5 stars, but the store itself is super tiny, so selection can be limited (the only drawback).

Still overpriced and still featuring clueless employees, but less crowded and more convenient than the others.
I remember when I was a lad and Best Buy seemed like such a great place...y'know, back when they actually were a good buy and still carried music outside of the Top 40.

Typical Best Buy.

Store is really small and never seem to have anything instock.
Customer service is horrible.
Store is clean but it feels like the employees are just brainless zombies walking around knowing best buys days are numbered!

NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH ANY BEST BUY!!!
I have learned my lesson.
I think we as the consumer should educate others about out past experiences so that others don't make the same mistakes.
Well I use to like best buy because it was close to me and Frys Electronics is far away so i stayed with best buy for many years and have paid their ridiculous interest rates for years knowing im getting screwed but whatever i have paid them on time.
Well like the human that i am i forgot to make a payment of $25.
Collections called me and i right away paid them off for past and due.
I ASKED the lady if i was going to get sent to my credit; of-course she said no.
Well that was a LIE!!
They have reported me for $25 to all credit Bureaus and now i cannot Get a home loan because of the late payment of $25.
ITS CAPITAL ONE they bank with which i should have known.
I have been doing some research and CAPITAL ONE has screwed numerous people over and have gotten sued in the past.
Take it from me, STAY AWAY FROM ANY BEST BUY/CAPITAL ONE COMPANY.
They are SHADY and dishonest and they don't care about THEIR customers.
I tried to called them back to explain and faxed to them what happened and they denied my request.
ONE TIME late and they report you to the credit Bureau?
REALLY?
They did not care that i have been with them for a long time and that i have done business with Best Buy/Capital one for a long time; all my family really.
Now, all of them are cancelling their cards and going with Frys Electronics.
I am not negating that i agreed to the terms but really who reads those fine prints.
I FEEL that they should listen to their customer and look at previous history before RUINING someones life fora simple a $25 Charge that was was paid one day LATE prior to the 30days.
LEARN FROM ME STAY AWAY FORM BEST BUY AND CAPITAL ONE!!

Went there for a sound bar for our TV, and even though they didn't have the one we wanted in stock, we received excellent customer service, and ended up with a different sound bar that we are happy with.
They even price matched based of my quick google search on my phone, no questions asked.
We saved $70!

Damn, I know why Best Buy is closing stores left and right!
Their return and warranty policy sucks!
I just bought a laptop from them a month ago.
The screen started getting squiggly lines.
I took it back and they said since I didn't purchase the manufacturers warranty and it was 15 days after my purchase they wouldn't exchange.
Best Buy sucks.
I'm sticking with Costco from now on into forever!

No wonder these stores are in serious trouble.
Tried to buy a cable for HDMI to connect to VGA.
One 'associate' kept trying to sell us the wrong cable.
His so-called manager or expert was so condescending that they do not have to worry about servicing any of our electronic requests again.
The expert told us the only connection available would cost $179.
We found it on-line at WalMart for $12.99 and Radio Shack for $18.99.
Buyer beware.

Horrible took me 3.5 hours to buy a laptop.
I was ignored for a hour then they kept handing my off to different people.
Austin was way to pushy and kept pushing me to buy extra stuff that I dont need he kept you need this.
Then Derrick had horrible breath and took him 20min to spell last name.
I even gave him my I.D and he still spelt it wrong.

Horrible service every time I come here.
The sales associates in mobile have absolutely no clue what they are doing and take their sweet time when there is a line.
Employees are very uneducated about the products.
Spare yourself the anger and don't come here

Great service and extremely helpful near closing time.
I had looked up 3 appliances online that I wanted to purchase, and I needed help straightening out my BB credit card situation.
The customer service representatives were very helpful with getting my credit line approved, and they let me use their phone to call & be on hold for 45 minutes to address this.
As for the actual purchase, the sales rep helped me order exactly what I needed, was very thorough with documenting the clearance (ding & dent) washer that I bought.
The first customer service rep followed up with me at the end of the sale to make sure I was taken care of.
The couple of times that I have been to this Best Buy location in the past year, they have been extremely helpful, proactively asking me if I needed help, and that appliances visit was no exception.

WRONG STORE HOURS ON YELP I would give a five but your yelp add says you open at 9 but the real store hours are 10am.
Now I have to rearrange my schedule and sit in the lot for 1 hour.
Fail on someone's part... Nice store though.

