Kudos to Danny for the *best* reflexology treatment.
I actually fell asleep.
I NEVER fall asleep.
At one point, I couldn't tell if I was dreaming or awake (those eye masks really do a number on you) when I realized that my dreams don't have soundtracks by Coldplay.
A few notes to keep in mind:  * If you are staying at the Westin, the spa facility is open to 8pm.
Go get a workout down in their fitness area and come here to freshen up.
* The steam room takes time to start up, but once it's activated you'd think you were in fog city (Daly City to those who catch my drift).
* There's free flowing Tazo teas, fruit juices, orange flavored chocolates, and samples of Biore and Intuition shavers waiting for you.
* 20% is automatically added to spa treatments to cover gratuity, and they don't ask if you want to add more.
* Lockers are narrow, so pack your necessary toiletries and make-up and that's it.
* Pool and jacuzzi are just around the corner from the spa and up the ramp.
* They take Spa Finder gift certificates (thanks Andrea!

Love me a spa afternoon!
I booked an appointment at The Hibiscus Spa for a 80 min Swedish massage and it was one of the best massages I have every received.
My massage therapist, Cyndi Winslow, was awesome.
She made sure I had a relaxing experience and that was definitely a plus.
The Hibiscus Spa is small - offers a full locker room, sauna, steam room, and showers.
The relaxation room was awesome - I got to read my book while waiting for my appointment to begin.
The lighting was perfect as I could have taken a nap right there.
And because I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member - I got points toward any hotel stay for booking a massage over the weekend.
I hope to try this spa again whenever I'm in Vegas next.
And when you book your appointment, book it with Cyndi - she's awesome!
Cheers!

After debating about what spa service to get i decided upon the Japanese Shiatsu massage.
This was my first massage at this spa and my first shiatsu massage ever so i didn't know what to expect.
I booked an early a.m. time and was greeted warmly, offered beverages and fruit and ushered to the quiet waiting area behind the scenes.
Once Carla arrived she explained to me that the shiatsu is a finger pressure massage along my body meridians.
(Having some past knowledge of the Five Elements (chinese and japanese philosophy)  and Chi helped understand this massage better).
Carla used fairly deep pressure, "invaded my personal space" (as she said) by climbing on the table and on me, and gently stretched me into deeper positiions.
It seemed like a combination of yoga, breathing, and massaging.
Afterwards Carla asked if i had any questions.
She then explained to me what she learned about me through my body meredians.
I was floored when she told me things that only *I* would know emotionally and physically.
In no way did i discuss with her any private affairs i had been experiencing recently but based on certain elements my body was in tune to she was spot on.
I wasn't anticipating learning more about myself through this massage!
Carla was extremely warm, caring, and knowledgable.
If you're looking for a great and different type of massage and are open to healing yourself i'd highly recommend the Shiatsu massage!
(If you're accustomed to massages you'll know that the price listings for the Hibiscus Spa are pretty moderate to any great massage for the value)

The husband spoiled me with an hour couple massage and it was one of the best couple massage ever.
The waiting room is very tranquil and peaceful, makes you  want to just fall asleep.
They also provide water and little snacks to munch on.
The bathroom is just another beauty with lockers and very nice showers.
The massage that we got was just perfect, it was Swedish, not too hard and not to soft either.
We felt very rejuvenated after, so when you want a nice massage and don't mind to spend a bit much than usual, definitely check this place out.

I had an amazing spa experience here.
The only downfall was that the jacuzzi and pool was closed for the season.
This should already be part of the spa facility!
But all in all, the experience was still awesome.
My friends and I decided to celebrate a 30th birthday here and we purchased the Groupon to try this place out.
What a delight!
We each had 50 minute Swedish massages and all of us were happy with the results.
Cyndi was my massage therapist.
She was extremely helpful in helping me understand exactly what my body needs, and what I would be a great candidate for; for example Yoga.
She talked to me about many things related to my back and massages.
I like it when your therapist really tries to understand where your issues are and what they can do to help you resolve them, or give you advice.
She was super nice, and very knowledgeable.
After our massages, we all headed to the sauna and steam rooms.
We even hung out in the relaxation room for awhile munching on trail mix, drinking juice, chomping on apples and pears, and reading magazines.
The relaxation room is very peaceful!
The changing room is just the right size, and they have great amenities such as a brand new mach 3 razor right in your locker, leaf shaped soaps, vanity kits complete with ear swabs, and cotton, and shower caps and such.
They had great robes, soft slippers, and an abundance of towels of different sizes; even cold towels for the steam room.
We had a great time here, and will definitely come back for the superb service!

I repaid Hibiscus Spa since my last visit was such an amazing experience while staying at the Westin.
I opted for the Hibiscus Island Paradise treatment: half salt body scrub with warm shower therapy and half coconut milk massage.
Cyndi was very enthusiastic and welcoming.
Sometimes it can be a little...eh, weird, to be naked in front of strangers, but she was completely professional and helped reserve modesty.
The Spa was not crowded and i was offered beverages and snacks upon arrival and departure.
You're given a locker key to put your clothes and valuables in while being provided with a robe and slippers for wear to the therapy room.
Apparently Groupon recently featured Hibiscus Spa so some services were not available.
I booked a massage last year a week ahead of time with no troubles.
This year i called 4 weeks in advance and no massage services were available on days i wanted.
If you have a treatment in mind i'd suggest giving them a buzz asap.

Pedicure and manicure with Amber; she was fantastic, thorough and did an awesome job!

found this place b/c i got 20% off with the insiders card from Vegas.com...  got an 80 min.
combination swedish/hot stone massage with Kelly.
UH-MAZING!!

I always stay at this hotel but bc it was my birthday weekend, I wanted to get a massage.
Read the reviews and figured you can't go wrong w anything in the Westin so I thought I'd give it a try.
I got an 80 minute swedish massage given by Cyndi.
I was given a robe and slippers to put on which all spas don't offer.
I noticed a relaxation room, a sauna, and a shower.
The experience was great and listening to Cyndi tell me things that I didn't know about Vegas was informative and great.
It was nice being able to take a shower before I left the place and the bottle of water was better than being given a cup of water.
The staff was sweet and I will definitely come back.
It didn't hurt that I get a discount through my job.

I've never had a massage before .. And this place set the bar !
Everything was awesome !
I came here visiting Vegas and I wasn't feeling well but after a visit to the spa I felt better.
My massage was amazing !!
I just wish it was longer !!
But everything was clean , and great and very relaxing !!
I would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas !

Called two days in a row trying to make an appointment for a massage, but I kept being transferred and put on hold - called during their business hours but apparently no one was there and they decided to close hours early.
The next day I called and it took me 45 minutes of calling, them not answering, and then them saying they'd call back in 10 minutes (aka 30 minutes).
Were not apologetic at all about inconvenience.
When I called said they were booked and only had one available time on my requested day.
But then I explained how I had literally been trying to make an appointment for 3 days and had gotten an email earlier saying there was an opening at 6pm but it was not reserved until I officially called to confirm it.
Suddenly she changed her mind and said they did have an opening then, and had had it all along.
Definitely something fishy going on there.

So far I booked a massage and facial on line for month of march I will post another  review after I am done.
But the process of booking the appointment on line was super easy!
and because I booked before my trip I used the Early Bird Special and got 20% off services!
After I booked online I received a prompt phone call from Ashley who went over what I requested so I could put a credit card on file so the reservation could be held.
I was super excited to hear the pool is always open ...not closed during off season like most big hotels!
We stayed here April 2013 and had a pleasant time l

I got my massage this morning by Shamra S. I can't begin to express how awesomely amazing she is!
Last year I had a massage at Cesar's Palace spa and that one doesn't compare to the Westin massage I got.
Shamra was very professional she gave me pointers on what to do for my sore neck after I go home.
she was so sweet and she really took care of me she was absolutely professional and amazing at what she does her hands r like gold!
When I'm back I will defiantly see her again!
The ladies at the front check in desk are super sweet too just the absolute best customer service !
Amazing time at the hibiscus spa!
I have to encourage ppl staying at the hotel to use the early bird special and receive 20% off services !
Best $$ I've ever spent in Las Vegas lol!

I purchased a groupon today for a purifying facial because I have been looking for the right spa after recently moving here.
I have tried a few others in the area, all of which were good......but my visit to this spa today was amazing.
The spa in it's self was nice...not the mega spas like other places in Vegas, but it was clean and had what I was looking for.......a really great facial specialist !!!!!!
I was booked with Amber......and very glad to be paired up with her !
Her work was awesome.......I feel great and really like the end result !
If you want a very good facial this is the place to go and Amber is the person to ask for !
By far one of the very best facials I've had !!!

