We have been here a few times since it has opened.
It of course is a nice clean new store that is easy to navigate.
The folks here are helpful and are more than willing to stock what you need if they do not yet have it.
The prices are in line with the rest of these kinds of stores.
The location is now the closest to our home so they will see a lot of us as we love to spend money on things for our home that we do not need.
You might miss this store as it is behind the new McDonalds on Estrella Parkway.

As far as hardware stores and home improvement goes, I always go to this Ace Hardware before Lowes or Home Depot.
At this location you're almost always greeted at the door and asked if you need help finding anything.
If so, I have found, every employee fully versed on locating specific items or quickly pointing you to another person who does.
The staff is always VERY helpful and curteous.
Not at all like some of the "miles of isles and stacks of racks" home improvement stores.
The only reason I did'nt give 5 stars is due to once in a while, having to special order or find it somewhere else.
But generally they have everything needed for standard home improvement projects.
The most important reason I shop here is they love dogs and allow leashed friendly animals in where other stores forbid it.
I bring my black lab with me every visit.
She loves the biscuits at the checkout counter too!

We walked in and were surprised to be personally greeted and offered assistance.
When we told the young lady that we were there to have some key copies made, she directed us to the back of the store, and as we were walking we heard her call to alert the key cutter guy that we needed some help.
He met us at the back counter immediately and was super pleasant and fast!
Thanks Ace Hardware for wonderful service - it was so wonderful not having to run out to the usual big boxes.
We were in and out in less than 5 minutes :)

Need feed for the new flock!
Ace is the only place nearby that carries it.
Staff are helpful too .
I also like their choice of toys for the pups!

