Went there for an oil change today.
I bought a car at a Carmax in California and for ease of warranty-maintenance have always had oil changes, etc.
done at a Carmax.
The oil change took an hour and 45 minutes because they didn't have a part or tool that they needed.
Carmax lets you know up front an hour wait's normal.
This is no Jiffy Lube.
However, an hour and 45 minutes is a bit long and would merit a mere two stars.
The third star is for the car wash that was a benny with the oil change.
Maybe other places give car washes too.
The California Carmaxs sometimes give car washes, sometimes not.
So I don't know the reasoning behind the washes.
But it made me feel better because the car had really needed it and I'd been debating whether I wanted to do it myself or take it somewhere to get it done.
The plus side of an oil change at Carmax - they're trustworthy.
Staff seems to really care about the Carmax reputation.
I've had some good experiences at Jiffy Lubes and some not so good experiences.
The downside of an oil change at Carmax will definitely be the wait.
Even if they have all the parts/tools they need, an hour's a long time.
And they're really too far from anything for you to walk in the heat to one of the Tolleson shops/mall areas.
Carmax has vending machines, coffee, water, and a TV the staff said is auto-programed to one station and cannot be changed.
Fortunately, Ellen was on and I had a book to read.
If you decide trustworthiness outweighs speediness, give them a chance and bring a book.

Bought what is my second car there last week end all I can say is awsome just picked up my car today with a nifty new car radio and it works great looking forward to putting many miles on my darango.
and this tip before you let someone say you dont have a choice step back and look at the big picture.
I car with high miles and a high price topped off with a high intrest rate is not a good combo even if 95% are approved they saw you coming watch out.

It is a pleasure buying a car through CarMax in Tolleson, AZ.
No pressure.
No breathing down your neck.
No rushing you to make a decision.
Completely relaxed, casual, comfortable atmosphere.
Deal with only one (1) associate.
No "ganging up on you" by anyone.
Fair, not inflated, reasonable prices are what you pay.
No surprises here!
Excellent inventory of newer model cars with low mileage.
Highly recommend!
Best, lowest-impact, smooth-sailing car purchase of my life!
GO HERE!

I've been looking for a used compact pickup for about 6 months off and on.
I jumped on the CarMax website, and after about a week of searching, up popped this 2007 Ranger with only 13,000 miles and just about everything I wanted in it (it's used, so of course it's not going to be perfect).
Score!
Ran a Carfax and it came back clean.
Great job putting pictures of your cars on the website.
Every vehicle they have usually has about 35 pictures.
It's no substitute for seeing the car in person, but it was a big help.
Look through the features of the cars, too.
I found one 2010 F150 that looked like a steal, then realized there was no air conditioning on it.
So make sure it has all the basic stuff on it, and if you're not sure, call up the dealer and ask.
All of my previous cars have been Saturns, so I'm no stranger to the "no pressure" approach.
I can say that the car buying experience was slightly better that a Saturn dealer.
If you come in looking for a Corolla they're going to show you compact cars, not steer you to the Escalade aisle.
Your primary salesperson goes through everything with you, except actually signing the paperwork.
They look at financing, warranties, service plans, etc.
And I really got the sense that he was laying out what they had to offer and letting me decide, instead of trying to force the most expensive package on me.
They do take you into a "back room" to sign paperwork (it's really just part of the service department).
No tricks were hidden in the contract, either.
The price of the truck was fair, actually lower than what I expected when looking at Ford dealer websites, cars.com, etc.
If you're looking for a used car, this should be your starting point.
If they have the car you're looking for, you can't go wrong here.

My car had been  totaled, I had my settlement and was ready to buy a car.
They had a car I was very interested in and I drove out there on a Friday night.
The receptionist waved her hand and said that the car I was looking for was "somewhere" outside and she would help me but needed to find someone to cover the reception area.
I wandered the lot for about 10 minutes and finally found the car I was looking for.
Looked it over and still no one to assist me.
waiting, waiting....
Went back inside and the receptionist was chowing down food and told me that she still had to wait before she could help me.
Wow!
How do they sell cars?
Needless to say, I went elsewhere and found a great car.

Amazing experience!
I was looking to sell my 2007 Mazda6 before I moved to Chicago and drove two hours from Sedona down to this store in hopes they would give me a great price.
Jason greeted me at the door, set my car up for their estimators, then sat with me for about 45 minutes explaining the process and the options while they estimated the value of my car.
Soon, the offer popped up on his computer screen and it was beyond what Ihad hoped and higher than Kelly Blue Book value.
Jason was very excited for me and told me how to complete the process of selling my car to them within the next 7 days if I was interested.
I showed up 6 days later, and within 20 minutes I had a check in my hand for the difference between what I owed on the car and the great price CarMax was paying!
Within a week I received a payoff confirmation from my bank and a check for a refund of some interest on my car loan.
Super easy and efficient!
Jason and all the employees I encountered at CarMax made it so easy to do this, and they followed through on every promise they made along the way.
I would absolutely do business with them again.

Carmax = BEST.
CAR BUYING EXPERIENCE.
EVER!!
Previously I tried to buy a car at Showcase Honda and gave the car back out of disgust and frustration.
When at Showcase Honda, I advised that I expected to leave with a full tank of gas.
I was told they do not put a full tanks of gas in used cars.
Carmax had me double check my car before leaving to make sure there was a full tank of gas.
Showcase Honda did not wash my car before I left.
Carmax washed the carS BEFORE I TEST DROVE THEM.
And then again before I took the car home.
Showcase Honda took 10 days to tell me that they had a different deal than originally discussed after I took the car home.
And after that they changed the deal two more times before I finally gave the car back out of anger.
Carmax took 10 MINUTES to run my credit, then let me review each offer that came in and let ME pick which offer I went with.
Yes, I got to pick my own terms and finance company.
And then the deal was done.
Finalized.
Showcase Honda proudly displays that the average time to sign paperwork is THREE HOURS.
It took just over two hours to complete.
Carmax took 15 minutes for me to complete all the paperwork  Showcase Honda wanted 1 month of paystubs, a phone bill, bank statement and 10 references.
Carmax wanted 1 paystub and proof of insurance.
That's it!
Some of you may have seen two other reviews I wrote about Milano Motors in LA and Showcase Honda in Phoenix (both reviews are in my list titled Never Going Back) and know I have a knack for picking shady dealerships to buy cars from.
Carmax is NOT one of those shady dealerships.
Carmax boasts the tagline "The way car buying should be".
It is absolutely, positively true!
I worked with Gavin B. first, found a car I liked, was qualified in mere minutes.
So easy!
Though the car I was trading in was paid off, the title still showed a lien on it so I had to get a lien release before I could take the new car home.
When I came back, I worked with Rob.
I wound up finding an even better car that I LOVED, and was slightly more expensive, and got re-qualified for the more expensive car in a matter of minutes.
Signing the paperwork took 15 minutes.
The car was washed and filled.
The person I signed the paperwork was very thorough and kind.
I am so happy with my experience.
I have no reason to ever shop elsewhere for a car.
If I could give 10 stars, I would!

I haven't bought a car from a dealership in over 8 years due to the chronic bad experieinces.
I've seen the commercials, and honestly it is nothing what we thought it was.
Selection-wide range from low end to top end luxury.
Though probably 100-150 cars total on the lot.
Salesperson-Friendly and kind worked well with us.
Only complaint we had 7 pm appt we didn't see her until 7:45.
Test Drive-Most big dealers discourage freeway test drive and just take you on surface streets.
Before I could even ask she suggested we take it on the freeway.
Our choice and price-We bought a 2010 Town and Country.
THough a little high on miles it appears to be in good condition.
The price was high-about $500-700 more then regular retail.
For me it was worth every dime due to the ease of the deal.
Warranty-the warranty was $$$ and not sure if I should of gotten it.
I never got one before but it will last us the 4-5 years we own the car so I took the bait.
We'll see if it holds up to what they say.
I think too since they sell their own warranties you may have better luck finding a quality car-it would cost them more to sell junk in the long run.
Gap-Gap was $399 we got it just in case.
There we no other add ons like at other dealerships.
Do you want this that or the other thing.
Just know if you want warranty and gap.
Financing-No finance guys to deal with-just salesperson and signer.
They deal with four banks.
We went with Wells Fargo at a little over 3%.
They show you all the offers and terms and choose which one you want.
Pretty easy.
If  you find cheaper financing you have 5 days to return the vehicle.
I am impressed, and since I typically only buy used cars this will be my go to place for now.
Again, I know it will cost me a little extra but buying a car in under 2 hours from a dealership is worth it and no hassle.

In the process of looking for a new car and often see this place off the freeway, never been here so I thought I'd check it out.
I just wanted to browse through their stock.
I didn't realize it was going to be such an ordeal.
They told me it was going to be a 20 minute wait (which is kind of odd as I saw employees just sitting around) so I walked right out.
I haven't been to a dealership in Years, I hope this isn't the process for All dealerships.
P.s.
Gave this place two stars because when I immediately walked in someone noticed I looked confused and showed me where to go & the front desk guy was nice.
But too much of a hassle here.
I just wanted to browse today.
Don't know if I'll return as my schedule conflicts with regular business

Just "sold" my car to CarMax today for about 20% of what I was led to believe I'd get.
As it was a far drive, I called twice, with every detail needed and my personal concern about one issue.
Fellow who wanted to handle deal told me twice that I'd get close to Kelly Blue Book.
I didn't  Was in no physical condition to drive the car back (had arrranged for someone to get me back), so had to bite it and take thousands less than I should have for the car.
Yes, had listed on Net, but only for a few days because I needed to get car off street.
IF the CarMax guy had told me the truth, I would have vastly discounted car online and if that didn't work, would have taken an offer from place I bought a new car.
This way, I was lied to, wasted time, wasted energy.
If people want to lowball you, that's one thing.
The lying is what is inexcusable.
I would NEVER sell them a car again.
I would NEVER consider buying from them because if they lie like this to get inventory, I have zero faith in what it's like to buy from them.
If you don't want to believe me, then I suggest you take your car to them first for their appraisal.
Then list online and/or with dealer where you will buy.
Go with best offer in your trimeframe.
Do NOT trust anything not in writing from these people.
Do not put yourself in a position of a far drive with another person to pick you up as you too will probably be sorry you did.
THey'll make thousands on my vehicle because they lied.
My options should have been based on honest information as honest information was provided.

I have to say this is a very effective and efficient car-buying approach.
I am not happy with the trade-in values...of our two vehicles appraised *Car A was a laugh-in-the-face price for a very nice 04 truck and *Car B was about $1500 less than what I had figured, but we traded this SUV in on a new truck.
No haggle means just that, they have, but likely with not deal ANY room to maneuver with price (wholesale/auction flat out price).
It has two sides one for those who can laugh and walk away and one for those to take a real look at the need or want of a new car/truck/suv that Carmax has priced nicely on their lot and take the deal.
After getting past the trade-in part that stung a little, we had a terrific experience.
We walked out on the lot, drove the truck we had researched and wanted, and drove it home about 2 hrs later...time wise was due to having little ones with us, and having one of two, very nice, albeit not-the-normal-type-salesmen in training...no biggie, we were prepared to spend at least some time anyway.
All in all this experience was really a good one.
I am not positive that I would go back when we buy our next car...as we have kept the "laugh-in-the-face-of-the-trade-in-value" vehicle and will likely do better at a different dealer or personal sale...but one never knows.
I do highly recommend to buy from Carmax Tolleson, AZ.
Remember if you plan to buy, and have a trade, be prepared either way.
GOOD LUCK

I bought two vehicles from CarMax and they both have been decent cars.
The prices are always fair and customer service for the most part is good.
The thing I hate the most is trying to schedule an appointment with service.
They usually never answer the phone which is understandable it's a busy place and they are running around.
What they really have to work on is returning a phone call.
I don't mean returning a phone call within a reasonable amount of time, just returning your call in general.
I've called on several occasions to schedule an oil change and have never received a call back.
Even after leaving my name, my number, the reason for my call and my vehicle make and model.
I hope someone is monitoring this and does something about it.
I will be looking to take my vehicle somewhere else for an oil change.

