Dr. Pancholi's office staff is very thorough, very knowledgeable, and always available (at least they seemed to be for me!
Any time of day!
) Dr. Pancholi did a fabulous job on my surgery and has been available for follow ups at my convenience and on my schedule.
He is accommodating and thorough.
I would recommend Dr. Pancholi and his office.
I am very pleased and would return to Dr. Pancholi for future surgery needs.

i LOVE MY BOOBS!
I had a great experience with Dr. Pancholi and he has done a great job with my breast augmentation.
I already recommended him to another 2 friends of mine to have their surgeries with him.
Regards, Ana Maria S

I had been looking for a cosmetic surgeon for 2 years around Los Angeles and Las Vegas and had previously seen 5 surgeons for consultations.
In order for me to decide which to proceed with, I had to see whom I trusted the most (along with their staff) and who understood the basis of my needs.
I finally found Dr. Pancholi and the instant I walked in, I knew this was for me.
Beautiful, friendly staff who assured me he was the best in town and reassured me when I wasn't sure if I should deepen my search or stop.
Dr. Pancholi and his staff thoroughly guide you in the proper direction and explain everything in detail from similarities and differences between procedures.
He has the most gentle and caring staff who knows you on a one-on-one basis and tends to his clients until he is at ease with the outcome of their procedure.
Walking in to this office and choosing Dr. Pancholi was most definately the BEST DECISION OF MY LIFE!
The best part is, I had and will continue to have an amazing relationship with his staff!

I had breast implants almost a year ago.
I am suuuperrr happy with my results!
My armpits incisions are almost invisible now and my breast look very very natural.
I recommend him to my friends.

My consultation less than satisfactory!
I waited more than an hour to finally meet the Dr. .
I was not impressed with the fact that he would never confidently suggest what size would be appropriate for me!
I got the feeling it was more of a fairly new start up office.
The Dr seems to be lacking the confidence and experience a plastic surgeon should have!!!!
I decided to go with the other  Dr I met with who was very experienced and confident & helped me choose the best size for me!!

I would like to thank all of the staff,they were all very nice and always there to answer the million questions I had.
They never made me feel like any question was a dumb question even though  they probably have answered  it time and time again.
Dr Pancholi was great and gave me advice on my surgery considering everybody is different and he recommend what would be good for me.
7 months now from my breast augmentation and very happy with it.Thank you again Kara,Stephanie, Gina and especially to Dr Pancholi.

I'm 42 years old and decided on augmentation with a lift.. Don't know why I waited so long!!
Dr.Pancholi was very professional with excellent bedside manners.
He spent quite some time explaining different types of the procedure.
I'm extremely happy with my results and recommend him to everyone.
His office staff is also top notch...very helpful and really care about how your feeling.

