Dang Me.
Red Robin is all growed up!
Hadn't been to one in 20yrs.
But a lot of the clientele, at this location anyways, hasn't.
The majority maybe have their drivers license, maybe.
(Families w/ kids.
Lot's of families) But there I was, the biker couple, the lesbian couple, the funny retired couple, even my nextdoor neighbors (with their new born) were there.
You too could be there!
Sunday late lunch, early dinner.
Sit in one of the 5-6 booths in the Bar Area!
Much calmer.
There is also the bar itself.
3-4 TV's for "The Game" so you can hang out and scarf your burger and beer (or cocktail).
I recommend the 22oz.
draft beers.
They also have a couple "Bottomless" non-alcoholic Limeade drinks.
All you want for $3.99.
Stuffed!
The folks I was with are eaters, and still the portions did their duty.
Chips w/ warmed Artichoke & Spinach dip.
Towering Onion Rings served like a Fisher / Price toy.
http://www.fisher-price.com/img/product_shots/71050_d_1.jpg?1216605372668  Ahhhh 'comfort food".
Burger was fine.
Bun was a bit hard.
I scarfed it.
But it is a $9 burger, could be better.
Didn't get into it.
But I hear the steak fries are endless, as in All you Can Eat.
And then the dessert menu arrives.
NO WAY!!
Next time.
Red Robin.
A higher end Applebee's.
If that means anything.
The crew did a fine job!
Cooking and presentation were great.
Service was genuine and attentive.
They did take care of us.
Probably will of you too.
Hours: Sun-Thu: 11a-10p, Fri-Sat: 11a-11p  3 starts because of the service!
The kid crowd almost lost that 3rd star though.
Take 95 to W. Ann.
West of 95, first turn is Centennial Center Blvd.
up aways Cross W. Tropical Pkwy, continue about 50yards turn left.
Red Robin is off to the left back side of lot.
The roads out here are a work in progress.
These directions should be fine though.
Enjoy.

I've visited this Red Robin a few times.
I don't know... but I think a $9 burger should be top notch but it never does it for me.
However there is never a long wait and the service is always good.
Food wise, I'm sorry but the burgers at In n Out down the street are hands down better, even if they don't come with jalepenos or pineapple or whatever :)

Burgers are ok, drinks have free refills.
Service is slower than expected for the few tables there.
My son didn't like the Monster Burger but ate my husband's Whiskey River burger & they traded

My son is very choosy or shall we say fussy.
He should do his own yelp since he gave Andre's a 6/10, Studio B buffet a 6/10.
But he's in H.S.
with a very busy social calendar.
So I compile our overall impressions herewith.
He was pleased with his $12.99 french dip that came w/ garlic fries.
The parental units had a $9.79 jamaican jerk chix burger & a $9.59 bacon burger.
Both came with the fat steak fries.
All was ok.  That's why it's 4 not 3.

Ok I havent eaten here, but I imagine its as good as the other robins Ive ate at.
So why the review?
Without blowing my cover, Im posting this on behalf of the staff who went above and beyond for a disabled customer to ensure that she made it onto the transit system safely.
The two young gents were even willing to foot the $50 dollar cab ride home for her, but that wasnt necessary as she ended up taking public transportation home.
One of the guys even pushed her scooter all the way to bus stop!
(I think it was like two miles or more!
) Wow.. nice to know that there are some good  people still left in this world.
I promised em I would write them a review so here it is!

Eh.
Red Robin is one of those places you go to as an adult to grab a beer and burger without thinking about it.
We went over the weekend for our first Red Robin experience and was pleasantly surprised to see how crowded it was.
I assumed that, based on the number of seats taken that it would be a great place to eat a burger.
I also noticed that majority of the patrons were families with small children, so the whole beer and burger thing may be a tad of a stretch, at least for the crowd I saw.
We ordered the classic with cheese and some steak fries, a mint shake and one soda.
The shake comes with the mixer container still half full, which was nice for the five dollar price tag, and was a fairly good shake.
Standard, nothing mind blowing or amazing, but good.
The burgers came out really fast, and I was happy with the short wait.
They were wrapped in wax paper and came in baskets, which was nostalgic.
To top it off, they were huge!
I couldn't wrap my mouth around one, for some reason.
Still, once I took the first bite I was satisfied but not pleased.
I expected their burgers to somehow be different, more authentic or genuine in taste, but I didn't get that.
Although a good burger, I could get the same one for less somewhere else.
Overall, good burger and fries (especially since they are endless refills), but nothing that I'd go back for.
Great service, good burger and shakes, and fun little games in the lobby.
Hey--those kids were ga ga over the burgers, so I guess they're doing something worth while.
For me, personally, it was okay but I won't be back.

This was my first Red Robin experience.
I am a big fan of egg and  burgers so I went for the Royal Red Robin Burger®.
Not bad, but not the best I've had.
I had a couple of discrepancies with the burger; the burger came out well done when it was ordered medium, and the egg was broken and overcooked.
The onion ring and fried mozzarella sticks appetizers were also OK.
I was not in love the appetizer sauces (marinara and tangy campfire).
The staff were super friendly and the restaurant had a playful family atmosphere.
Although it wasn't addictive I would definitely choose to eat here over a lot of other chain competitors.

I have probably been to Red Robin a million times.
Not once has my food been bad or inconsistent.
The service, is pretty much a hit or miss.
Sometimes you get someone good, and sometimes you get someone who just doesn't care.
My favorite burger is the Whiskey River BBQ Burger (Petite) if a regular burger is a bit too much for you, ask for petite, they make a smaller patty at a lower price than what is stated on the menu.

Great service, great food.
Our waitress was very nice.
I love their fries and love even more that they are bottomless.
They would have gotten 5 stars but I swallowed a lemon seed that was hiding on the bottom of peach tea and i think its still stuck in my throat.
LOL

I'm not in Centennial very often, but my boyfriend needed to exchange something at the Ross nearby.
After doing what we had to do, we wanted something to eat.
Originally we were aiming for some Mexican Food, but we saw Red Robin right next door and my boyfriend suggested going.
I've never been to Red Robin before, so of course I said yes.
The place was pretty empty, not surprising since it was only 11am and they just opened.
We were seated and given water.
We ordered a bowl of clam chowder to share since we didn't want to get too full before the burgers came.
The waitress brought it out in two small cups, which was very nice.
The soup was light, but very flavorful and pretty yummy.
Each cup came with a small piece of bread that went perfect with the soup.
My boyfriend ordered the Guacamole Bacon Burger and I ordered the Pub Burger.
Both orders came with bottomless steak fries.
We also ordered peach tea and freckled lemonade, both were bottomless as well.
The Pub was okay, nothing too great.
The Guac Bacon Burder, however, was mouthwatering and the steak fries were very savory; I probably had mine refilled like 3 times.
I really like that they give you bottomless fries with your burger and it's an added bonus that the specialty beverages were also bottomless.
The service is fast and friendly and the food is pretty awesome.

I always love coming here, and ordering the same thing.
But this time around, we decided to order the Just-in Quesadillas, for starters, and they are really good for a place that is known for their burgers.
I did order the Banzai Burger, like I always do, as well as a Baily Irish Cream shake and a coke.
I love pineapples, so the pineapples on the Banzai burger is always a plus, it just gives that fruity twist to a burger.
The Baily's Irish Cream shake is always good, I usually finish that, before I even get my burger.
Since I usually finish my shake before the food gets there, then ordering a coke is always a good thing, since you get free refills on coke.
The place itself is very spacious, and I like that you can move around, with out hitting a table or some one.
The staff was really nice and right there, when your ready to take your order.
Also I like the fact that they come around to check on you, to see if you need refills on drinks or fries.
If you love burgers with a twist, this is one of those places I would recommend.
I love this place, and if I could live off it, I would, but got to watch my health.

3.5 stars for sure.
A big star came off because our waitress managed to confuse french onion soup with clam chowder and then basically was confused when we told her it wasn't what we ordered.
Red Robin has a great selection of burgers and chicken sandwiches and their Vegan/Veggie alternatives are adequate for even the pickiest eaters.
The bottomless fries with multiple dipping sauces is a great touch and the burgers are juicy and delicious.
My only gripe with the burger itself is that it was way too messy and basically fell apart in my hands.
Not sure if it was the soggy bun or the 2 lbs of sauce dripping out but it was an inconvenience and happens every time I eat here.
If you are looking for a highly priced, tasty burger Red Robin is definitely a good choice but there are plenty of places for less money that are much better in Las Vegas.
Create in Summerlin still ranks much higher on my list.

Mom wanted a Burger for lunch, so we decided to head to Red Robin.
It's in our neighborhood and it's been a while since we were last here.
We like this place because of the variety of Burgers they have on the menu.
It's pretty extensive and creative.
The Bleu Ribbon Burger (Bleu Cheese, Chipotle Mayo, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion Strings, Onion Bun), $9.79 immediately jumped out at me when I browsed the menu, so I went for it.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jBs2HmEOkqCvdHNnw3N-og?select=LX8XzvXLi__N_8hn2EPUdQ Mom went for a Turkey Burger....she's been on a Turkey Burger kick lately.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jBs2HmEOkqCvdHNnw3N-og?select=zD0Th0NI9ydO5MA2DogVmg  The service was excellent, as usual, and the food came out quickly.
We requested our Burgers to be cut in half and they got it right.
I took one bite out of my Bleu Ribbon Burger and instantly became a fan....yum!
The Bleu Cheese and Onion Straws gave the Burger a unique flavor that tasted soooo good.
It left me wanting more when I was finished....which is the tell-tale sign for me that I enjoyed the grub.
Overall, the experience was very good.
Return Factor - 90%

Excellent burgers.
Very clean.
A bit quiet at 13:00.

RED ROBIN.... YUM!
shoot they aren't kidding with that commercial are they!
Came here for the 1st time with family.
There were about 6 of us.
It was lunch time on a monday.
Wasn't too busy but there were about 5 waitresses working.
Can I tell you that 4 of them were gathered in a circle by where the food comes out just chit chatting.
I was getting pissed standing there by the hostess' stand while the girls were chatting about their weekend.
I literally had to speak up and say "excuse me!
" Normally im not so straight forward, but hey, i was 5 months pregnant, starving and obviously my hormones were raging.
Not the person to mess with FYI.
Minus one star.
We were sat immediately after my comment and I turned to my husband and said if we get one of those girls I'm going to scream..  Luckily for all the other patrons in the restaurant we were given another waitress.. one you could tell was working her ass off.
WTG!
Now i was a happy camper!
She quickly got us our drinks and asked if it was our first time or  if we had any questions.
Looking at the menu I quickly knew I was going to have a hard time choosing.
I was stuck between the mouthwatering chicken sandwich.
Another with bacon and onion straws or my favorites caesar salad & tortilla soup.
What made it even harder was that the 1st two choices came with unlimited fries.
You heard me...
UNLIMITED FRIES!
Thats a pregnant womans dream.
Knowing that my hubby was getting a burger I opted for the salad and soup and figured i'd be a "naughty" girl and steal some of his fries.
I mean, shoot they're unlimited so why not.
While waiting for our food, I turned and OMG those 4 people were still just standing there talking..
I was about to ask for the manager when i noticed a manager walking over to them and scolding.
Dang!
about time.
They only cost the company an hours worth of pay!
The food was delish.
Fries were always warm and seasoned to perfection.
My salad had freshly cut lettuce and enough crutons for my hearts desires.
My tortilla soup was perfect.
I asked for extra cheese and sour cream.
hey, im pregnant, im allowed those extra carbs!
And it made it so rich and thick.
Mmm, mmm.
Our waitress continued to give us fantastic service.
our drinks were always full.
Fries always on the way.
Ranch for our fries too.
My party and I left happy and full.
Def coming back here.
But I better not get one of those girls!

It's Red Robin and I like it.
Great for kids.
Always feels clean.
Quality has always been good.
I always get my fries first with ranch, a trick I picked up from a friend.
The service is consistently slow, while they seat your relatively quick it still takes a while to get  your grub on.

This is the very best burger joint in town!
I have ate here countless times and I am NEVER disappointed.
You can substitute a turkey patty for every kind of burger.
Did I mention BOTTOMLESS STEAK FRIES?!
No one offers bottomless fries anymore.
Everything I've had here was delish.
The chili is my favorite when I want something small.
If I bring an appetite, I get a Turkey Chili Burger.
Yum!
The staff is pretty great and they offer a military discount.

Celebrating Jaila's first day of Pre-K....Not too busy and amazing service today!

We only go to Red Robin when nothing else is open.
We planned on going to Market Grille this past Sunday but it was closed SO we just went to RR.
The sandwiches are slathered with mayo and super messy.
Not worth the $11-12 per burger or sandwich they charge.
Go to Create for a better burger!!

Great location, the staff is super friendly and quick.
We were greeted, seated and introduced (to our server) within 3 minutes, and the place was packed.
It was nice to be around staff that were happy to be at work.
The smiles were definitely infectious.
We started with their zucchini and mushroom app.
DELICIOUS.
These are definitely not frozen.
The zucchini was crunchy and fresh and the mushrooms were the best fried I have ever had.
My daughter had the strawberry lemonade (bottomless) and I had their ice tea.
Both were very flavorful and fresh.
Daughter had a chicken salad (which she demolished) and I ordered the All American Patty Melt.
I loved that they even asked how I wanted my burger cooked.
The Melt was on point with this fabulous marbled rye bread.
It was very generous and I had to take half of it home.
For you french fry junkies, they have great steak fries and on most of the meals the fries are bottomless as well.
You definitely get your monies worth at the Red Robin.

I worked for Red Robin 20 years ago, and I still like to go there!
That says something!
This restaurant is great always consistent!

Daugther recommended Red Robin just as a new place to try.
But when I got the bill for 6 adults and 4 children I got "sticker" shock.
The price was outrageous just for a burger (which were small-had to get my grandson a second one) fries and a drink.
We would of been better off at Steiner's were on Wednesday,s they have burgers with fries for $6.00 a person and other specials on different nights.
Carl,s $6.00 burgers are even bigger and better.
Save some money and go someplace else unless you like paying high prices for mediocre burgers.

I would be willing to bet that the so called meat in their burgers doesn't even resemble beef.
I don't know what it was..but it was pretty awful.
The texture and flavor was nothing close to ground beef.

Just not a big fan of this place.
I never liked the hamburgers so I tried the fish.
Overcooked and dry.
Ended up not eating the fish and filling up on the fries.
Thanks for nothing.
Won't be back

My wife and I have been here twice now and I had to finally write something about this particular red robin.
Being from California , there were a couple of them around us and we frequented them many times.
I have to say , the red robin here in Vegas , is a let down.
The service has been great both times we have come here , friendly staff and even the manager has come by to chat with us both times as well.
This is fine and dandy , but service needs to be good along with the food , and that's where i had to lose some points on.
The first stop i ordered the new "special" which is the big bacon burger.
I asked for BBQ sauce on the side , medium cooked burger.
My wife ordered the patty melt well done ...
When we received the burgers , they were opposite.
My wife received the medium and i received the well done.
We could have sent them back , but at that point we just wanted to eat ( we had an appointment to get to ).
The well done burger for me... had way to much char flavor.
The second time my wife ordered the same thing , well done again ... came out medium.
The place was packed and it took quite a while to get our food , so once again sending it back was not an option.
I was not in the mood for a burger that night so i tried the fish and chips along with a side of their clam chowdah !
The chowdah!
was actually quite tasty , thick and had nice sized chunks of clams in it.
4 star .
However the fish .....  dry , tasteless , and the breading was not fully cooked through.
I was disappointed.
I may give these guys one more chance on my birthday (next month ) for my free burger ... but i haven't decided yet.

Friendly service, delicious sandwiches and burgers, and bottomless garlic fries.
Too bad their HH isn't great, but they do have one!
Service is fast and friendly.
I usually share a burger with the bf, and they split it for us and that means extra fries!
And their lemonades and cocktails are well made.
So many items on the menu, but I stick to a handful of them, but maybe one day I will be adventurous and try other things.

In the beginning Red Robin like most places was a GREAT Idea.
Now its just turning into another Burger joint.
Some time back the Burgers were Excellent.
Now they are a little dry.
I'm missing the JUICY!

This rating is based on the "new" menu alone.
They have slashed the number of appetizers, burgers and other options.
No more nachos, chili con queso, chili-chili cheeseburger or garlic fries amongst others.
Used to love the variety, now it is too limited.
The service during this visit was great.

OMG Bottomless Root Beer Floats!!
Their freckled lemonade is phenomenal too but honestly, I could't pass up the root beer floats.
You can't go wrong with bottomless french fries and ranch dressing and they are the only place I know that serves the fried chicken sandwich with pickles and onions, YUM!

This Red Robin has really turned it around in the last year or so.
I've been several times in the last few months and even once they ran out of the new veggie burger.
The manager felt so bad, she wanted to make something for me.
I declined and had a grilled cheese instead, but it was very nice to know that she cared about my dining experience.
She also did not charge me for the sandwich even though I did not ask for a discount and would have been happy to pay based on the service alone.

We are here once a week.
Service is always fast and friendly.
Food is good and cheap.
A lot of the staff know us now and the manger always smiles.
The club card has gotten us a lot of free food too!

Some times that place is soooo freaking loud.
The food is always consistent.
Not necessarily overwhelmingly good, but consistent.
Comparable to Fuddruckers, although I like Fudd's pickles better.
Fuddruckers changed their pickles so at best, it's a dead heat.

Terrible service.
Our server, Holly T. was rude and inattentive to our table.
The manager didn't seem to care either.
They brought me a burger covered in a sauce I clearly asked for on the side, then charged me extra for the sauce I didn't want.
When I asked them to fix my meal, all they did was take the burger back to the kitchen and wipe the sauce off with a napkin.
The worst part of that is not only the napkin debris on my burger, but they didn't get all the sauce off.
It was terrible.
We were supposed to get "bottomless fries" and my wife went her whole meal without getting fries.
They put 6-7 fries on her plate initially then we waited about 15 minutes before we had to chase down the ever so rude waitress and ask her if we could have more fries.
My daughters mac&cheese looked more like soup than mac&cheese.
Terrible service from our waitress Holly T. and the food sucked as well.
They did nothing to fix my situation or make sure I was satisfied as a customer.
On top of the rude service, wrong order and dirty looks from the staff, I was overcharged on my bill.
We came here a few times a while back and it was ok, but now we will not be back to this place, ever.
I do not recommend this place to anyone.
Save your time and money.

I love Red robin!!!
I have not eaten a bad burger yet, they are all great.
If you do not mind sweet items on your burger, I would highly recommend the THE BANZAI BURGER...  services: hit or miss...  prep time: 10-15 minutes atmosphere: family/ friends Best Thing: bottomless fries ( they are awesome) Tip of the day: if you sign up for their mailing list, you can get a free burger on your bday and tons of discounts!

Service was friendly, food good but not correct.
Valerie is super nice

We've been to this location twice in the last six months.
We have never had any issues even when the place was packed.
Burgers have always been great and fries/root beer floats bottomless!
We always leave stuffed and regretting eating sooo much.
That's probably why Americans are so fat.
BOTTOMLESS FOODS!
I would recommend this location.

Meh is right.
This place is way overpriced for the food you get, and service is never very good.
Which is slightly understandable since EVERY time I go here, no matter when or why, it is packed.
I hadn't been here since high school, when I didn't care about anything but eating junk and hanging out with my friends in the few places that teens could go to.
It's a great place for that, for when you are a kid and have money to burn on low end food.
The biggest gimmick they have is their 'types' of burgers.
It seems that they have a mass amount of patties in the back, all the same, but they throw different things on top and call them gourmet burgers.
For 10$ or more each.
Yeah, you get 'bottomless fries' (which are, hilariously, in an actual bottomless cylinder) but that is only if your waiter/waitress is around to notice you want/need more.
They give you a hand full of tasteless steak fries.
How can one make fries so bland?
There is a reason they give every table a giant shaker of seasoning.
I got a Gardenburger.
Which is, a Gardenburger you can buy at the store.
They also serve the vegan Boca patty...also bought at the store.
You can sub any veggie patty for any type of burger, but really, it doesn't make a difference.

We were trying to think of a pace to eat in the Centennial area after our visit to the adjacent shopping mall.
My boyfriend suggests Red Robin, YUMMM!
We were excited walking in- he already knew he wanted the Whisky River BBQ burger with sweet potato fries.
Cons: 1.
We were seated at a visibly dirty booth.
I used my hands to sweep the crumbs off the table and seat before the hostess put down the menus and didn't offer to wipe the table down or seat us elsewhere.
Service was slow, it took us over 30 minutes from the time we put our order in to receive an incomplete order.
My boyfriend got through half his burger before his fries came.
The cheese on both of our sandwiches was coagulated on top of the meat and my bun was really soggy- must've been sitting in the window for a while.
The bathrooms were a little dirty.
Pros: 1.
Most of the food was good; onion rings and vanilla milkshakes especially.
Regular fries come bottomless (we usually upgrade our side though).
All in all, we probably won't be back to Red Robin for a while- if I had another choice for burgers (in this case you have at least 2- In-N-Out and Smashburger) I would probably head there.
There's a certain expectation of service for $40 at a burger joint, and RR was severely disappointing this time around.

Nothing to rave about, it was good.
My first time here.

Food is always good.

Not bad for a chain restaurant!
Went here because I am a member of the Royal Club which means you are entitled to any burger on their menu for free for your birthday!
How's that for being a member?
I highly recommend you join their club so you can cash in on this birthday deal.
Just go to their website: www.redrobin.com and sign up.
What I got was the Berserker Burger which was inspired by the movie Wolverine.
It is a flavorful combination of zesty Aioli, Sriracha Onion Straws, Spicy Pickles, and Cheddar Cheese on a Brioche Bun.
This burger is for a limited time only so get it while its still available!
Of course, with any burger that you choose, you get their signature bottomless Steak Fries!
Don't forget to put the patented Red Robin fry seasoning on there as well.
Service was good.
We were greeted right away and was sat down.
Our server came around and got our orders.
I made sure to let her know I had the free birthday burger.
I know some places when you get free stuff the quality of service tends to go down because of the big discount on the overall check.
Our server did very well and I tipped her like I never had the free burger so she really deserved it.
The only thing that made me subtract a star is that when I went to the bathroom to wash my hands, there were paper towels all over the floor.
I notified a manager and they said they will take care of it.
After finishing my meal which was about half an hour later, I went back to the bathroom again to wash my hands and it was still the same.
So somebody failed to clean up.
Overall, I was pleasantly surprised on how everything went.
You guys just need to keep an eye out for your bathrooms.

Didn't even make it to the table.
Told a certain wait time, waited twice as long were never seated.
Got a drink from the bar, a vojito, strawberries stuck in straw and mint pulled too fine

I'm a big fan of RR but lately I have tasted a burger King like flavor in their burgers, yuck!

My husband and I went into have my favored BBQ chicken salad , and a burger for him , I was so sad it was so bad food and service had to ask for everything and wait longer for her to bring it to us .
On the plus side the seaters are on the ball great job girls , she got our drinks and frys for us.

Believe it or not, this was the first time eating at a Red Robin.
I was recommended the Chop burger from our waitress Tessa.
The burger didn't disappoint and neither did the customer service.
Excellent service from our waitress Tessa and the manager who kept checking all of the customer to make sure we were all being taken care of.
And the Root beer floats were bottomless.
The best type!

I heart Red Robin!
This is a huge burger chain and they know what they are doing!
It isn't a fancy place, but it is a very toddler/kid friendly restaurant.
This is great since my mini me is very much a toddler and gets into everything these days.
It is a very comfortable place for families to go, as well as to grab a tasty burger!
The menu is mostly fantastic burgers, but it seems every time I go there are even more options like salads, chicken sandwiches, fish options, and even pastas.
I have only had the burgers and the fish n' chips and have loved every bite.
You really can't go wrong with any of the burgers, though my faves are the Beresker, A1, and the Bleu Ribbon burgers.
Yum, yum, yummy!
And a little bit of drool too.
Now for the best part about Red Robin....Bottomless Steak Fries!
The fries here are amazing, especially with the special Red Robin Seasoning.
I love these fries and probably eat at least half of my body weight in them every time I go to RR.
They also have a great loyalty card that you can sign up for.
Every 10th burger/entree you buy is free, you get a free burger during your birthday month, and you get a lot of freebies throughout the year.
And it is all free.
I love free!

Maybe I'm saying this is a 5 star experience because I was a little "toasted" when we showed up here.
We were next door at Michoacan for their Sunday brunch.
So, we decided to sit in the bar and hangout a little longer.
There was ample seating in the bar and they had a booth that fit the 6 of us perfectly.
I wanted to get rid of my buzz and there is nothing better than a milkshake and fries to do that.
I ordered the cookie shake and it was great.
$5 for the shake and extra in the tin.
Our waitress was great too.
She checked up on us to make sure everything was okay.
The only problem I had with the place was the urinal.
It was about a foot off of the ground.
I think it's a test to see if you're sober or not.
If you piss on your shoes then you have to wait a little while longer before you can drive.
I was good to go!

Sing it with me......REEED ROBIN.....YUM!
;)  Oohhh my goodness....my brain can't think because it is SOO LOUD IN HERE!
Now I remember why back in the days I would bring my baby here.
Because no matter how loud she screams no one notices.
LOL  I think its so loud that you actually have to yell to communicate with the person you are with so its all an ugly vicious cycle.
Sunday afternoon we decided on a burger-lunch and thought it had been so long since we had been here.
Now we remember why.
hahah The waiting area was full but must have been for a large party because our party of 2 got seated right away.
Every seat in this place was full.
Tons of large parties full of families and friends!
Maybe the after-church crowds as well.
So much I forgot about this place-not a frequent favorite just for the fact there aren't too many healthy options here.
If you can control yourself they do serve salads.
I'm just not sure how healthy they are since I'm not the one who can order salad with a menu that has fantastic pictures enticing your blurred and echoing thinking.
We were literally seated for less than 5 minutes when our waitress came to apologize for the wait.
Wait?
What wait?
Very nice girl but a little ditsy.
I don't generally go for burgers anywhere.
I usually opt for the grilled chicken for a healthier choice.
Today I was going all out.
Here's what we ordered:  Whisky BBQ burger - slightly greasy bun, topped with a juicy on the inside burger with crispy onion strings and a smoky bbq sauce.
Yes I didn't go for the lowest in calorie/fat option.
It was pretty great though.
I had to cut it in fourths so I could actually eat it in a nice non-messy way.
My once a year indulgence didn't fail me...er-until just now.....SHOW STOPPER....  Might I say how disgusted I am now that I looked at the nutritional value of this burger....Oh my freakin gawd......1138 calories 70 grams of fat!
HOLY SHIT!
My hour workout that night didn't even put a dent in that!
(not even funny right now) Sniff sniff.....Tear.
to continue....BF ordered a regular cheese burger with mustard and crispy onion strings.
He said it was the best he's had in a long time.
He ordered a side of coleslaw and loved it.
....and don't forget the "bottomless steakfries"...its what they advertise on TV.
...and I am not even looking at the nutritional value of these!
God help me here!
I have to say that I'm not a huge fan of steak fries but I ate a few anyway.
I've seen other reviews about the seasoning on the tables.
Nothing (at all) special to me.
The fries are dry anyway and the seasoning doesn't even stick.
So "eh" on the fries.
Maybe I will substitute them next time-FOR SALAD (disgusted still).
BTW we didn't need bottomless as there were plenty that we didn't finish....Thank God!
Customer service is outstanding.
The manager checked on our table several times.
Drinks never ran low and our server was super attentive in the midst of her many other tables.
I am often amazed when someone can juggle all that and still be pleasant and attentive.
I know.
Yes agreed...that's how it should be.
Overall the place is fun, loud and perfect to bring your really boisterous family and friends to clog their arteries!
Enjoy THAT would ya!

It's Red Robin.
This just okay in terms of food, I don't end up here too often.
Normally if I am here, I go for some onion rings, milkshakes or some fish and chips, sometimes a chicken sandwich.
Is it weird I don't get burgers at a place with burger in the name?
This last visit was just for a little bit of dessert, a salted caramel milshake which was pretty decent and I should have gotten a extra tin.
Our server was pretty nice.
Checked on us often.
I don't come here often, but the milkshake was good enough that maybe I should.

Solid place for comfort food!
As the name says, RR serves burgers and fries and drinks.
I was extra hungry and craving something warm and tasty and easy, so RR fit the bill.
My Whiskey Jack BBQ chicken burger was yummy and gone within minutes and my steak fries were satisfyingly thick and salty and starchy.
(Bottomless fries!!
)  We also got the red velvet cake which wasn't too bad for something taken out of the freezer.
While RR would not be my usual choice for dinner fare, it was fun and close by and convenient.
If you have picky friends, this place would be appealing and "safe.

The people are high energy, and great service, and always food is good.
Great family dining and clean.

I admit this review is about a week old but I wanted to leave it in regards to their To-Go service!
Last Friday, I was too lazy to cook or go out-out and was craving a burger so I called this location and placed a To-Go order over the phone.
When I arrived I told the hostess I was picking up and she sends me to the bar.
So I go to the bar and he tells me to go to the hostess and ask for Sabrina.
So then I go back to the silly girl and say hey I guess I'm looking for Sabrina and she gives me the homer simpson "doh" face and I assume she just might be new and still learning.
Sabrina then confirms my order for me, asks for my loyalty card and makes my freckled lemonade to-go fresh!
As much as I was in a hurry it did make me happy that my drink was fresh and not sitting there for 10 minutes.
The transaction was smooth and of course I couldn't help but tip her for giving such great customer service!
If you ever go to this location you better hope Sabrina is working otherwise you might be screwed haha

I have been dining at Red Robin at both here in Las Vegas and in Southern California since the mid 1990's.
Over the years, little had changed.
It was a family driven atmosphere with balloons, kitschy wall adornments, and a large fiberglass bird mascot in the dining room.
Kids were welcomed with crayons and a small arcade.
The kids menu was colorful and the menu was largely fried and burger based, and it was great.
Unfortunately, times have changed and Red  Robin is going through a "modernization" of sorts.
Gone are all the movie posters and even the fiberglass bird mascot.
Now it is trying to be hip, cool, sleek and modern.
Even the balloons and crayons are gone.
It is trying to be a higher end gourmet burger place that seem to be the trend in the USA.
I am not happy about the change and miss the way it used to be.
On my last visit to the Red Robin in Centennial Center, the decor was modern boring.
The kids menus were photocopied in black and white, and crayons were not offered.
Service was not as quick as it used to be, though the food quality was the same as I remember.
Overall, I miss the old Red Robin.
That pretty much sums it up.

Worst time ever.
Waited forever to order food at the empty bar.
The waited 10 minutes to order my drink while part of my party all ready order his drink.
Food took over an hour to get even a side.
Then when the food came only 2/3 of the order came with like 3 fries on each plate and to top it off that was the extra .99 cents garlic fries, and my burger and fries where so burnt I only took two bits and boxed it and tossed it in the trash at home.
They even took food off our check but ended up leaving a two part check combined into one check with the other party's food all for free while I was left with burnt garbage that I paid full for minus my birthday burger.
What a great gift from red robins.
This is the second time here and they where both terrible.
Red robins use to be great now they just expensive burnt burgers.

We stopped eating here a few years ago because it was hard to get an allergy menu, but now they have a great food allergy menu on their website.
Our first time back, our server Dana was very knowledgeable about the menu...down to what ingredients go into them and how they are prepared.
She was amazing and helpful in making the right selection for our allergy needs.
And the food was great!
We usually can't get fries anywhere because of cross contamination, but their fries are cooked in dedicated fryers.
Do we all enjoyed fries for a change!
They even had a gluten free bun for my burger (not listed on the menu, so ask when you go).

This is probably the third time I have tried this same restaurant over the course of 3 years and it still hasn't gotten any better.
The chophouse burger was forgettable.
The mushrooms and onion strings were a welcome accompaniment but still doesn't resurrect the overcooked tasteless beef patty.
My friend had a burger with pepper jack cheese and commented he didn't even know that it was pepper jack since the flavor was so bland.
It seems to me that if you're going to overpay for burgers, at least they should taste like something!
Our server was friendly and attentive, so that's the only reason it gets 2 stars.

I have been coming to this Red Robin for a little over 10 years.
So the renovation in my opinion was much needed.
But there have been A LOT of cons vs pros.
My daughter and I came at 4:30pm on a Saturday.
Problem #1 they placed very large dividers at the front waiting area.
I believe they put these up so you can't see how many people are seated.
We waited for 15 mins.
There were a lot of people waiting and with the renovation, less chairs to wait.
Problem #2 Yup looks like I was right, those dividers were hiding something alright, lots of empty seats!
I don't understand why we needed to wait 15mins for seats when it wasn't even busy!
Now I can understand if they are short staffed but from the looks of it, they are not.
Problem #3 I asked our host if we could sit away from the TV so we could watch the game.
I pointed out the brand new flaming red tables and chairs in the middle.
The hostess said, "sorry sir, we are saving those (set of 5 tables and 10 chairs separated to create 5 seating areas and all completely empty) for larger parties.
" Really?!
I didn't argue, I just pointed out a different table to watch the game.
Problem #4 no server for 10 mins.
Had to ask what looked to be a mgr  cleaning, to send someone over.
She took the order herself.
#5 got the kids menu but no crayons, hostess forgot them.
#6 finally introduced to our real server, she came by and said she will be helping us then walked away before I could say ok.
This place doesn't feel kid friendly any more.
This review went from 3 to 2 stars during the review.
I have to say the food was just as good as it always is and I will be coming back but come on guys.
Update: I did talk to the mgr on the way out and she is well aware of the problems I had and welcomed the feedback.
She said she would address all of them.
I'll Yelp again next time I am here.

We've been to Red Robin a handful of times and it just gets worse every time.
For whatever reason, they remodeled the whole restaurant and took down all the cool movie posters they had on the walls.
Even though there's less there, it feels more cluttered now.
The tables are so close to each other that your basically sitting inches from the people next to you.
Usually, the food isn't horrible.
I've always had a soft spot for their steak fries.
When they're done right, they are so good and you can't beat the perk of "bottomless" fries.
This time around I went with a new burger on the menu, the smoke and pepper burger.
I don't know what they did but it was terrible.
The first bite I took, I felt like I literally just ate a spoonful of salt.
It wasn't very hot either and the bottom bun was soggy so I think it was sitting for a while.
We usually only come here when we have a group and no one can decide what to eat.
It's been a while since we've been there so I can't be sure but I believe they raised their prices too.
My burger was $14!!!
Their service is always hit or miss too so hopefully it's a while before I get suckered into coming back!

I wrote the review  2 weeks or so ago.
Have no idea where it went.
Someone was suppose to call me after messaging me several times.
Never happened.
So just fuggedaboutit.
I will never ever go to a RedRobin again.
It used to be my sea food scatter place with the super fries.
Loved it and went once a week when they had the restaurant on Decatur.
Here is my review of my last and final visit.
First time for a bad review.
And I want to say I do miss the Red Robin on Decatur.
I do not get to RR as much as I would have liked because they are all a distance from me anymore.
So when I go to Doctor on that side of town I try to get there.
Only once about 10 years ago I had a bad experience with them and up until yesterday they have always been the greatest in every way, Walked in before 4pm, was mostly deserted.
A first for anytime I have been to any RR.
We were seated and then had to wait a bit before we were asked what we would like to drink, me?
Iced tea, my guest coffee.My tea came and it looked like a drop of color was added to water.
NO TEA.
So called server and he said he would get some from another station which was not really much better.
Should have just had water.
My guest was still waiting for his coffee.
We had decided what we were going to have, mine always the Seafood Scatter.
My guest chose a burger, Finally his coffee came.
Long wait and we were finally served.
My guest, his burger he said was good, We needed more napkins  and finally got a bus boy to get us some.My shrimp and clam strips were good but when I bit into the cod it was like a piece of gristle, The cod pieces were VERY small any way.
I had fished a good part of my life off the CA coast for every cod imaginable and this was truly BLAH.
Fries were not many and at no time were we asked if we wanted more fries.
That has never happened before.
Nor were we asked for or got a refill on coffee or tea.
Almost 3$ for a drink of watered tea.
By that time I was to tired and not happy and did not want to create a scene even tho there were not many to hear me if I did.I had to again flag down the busboy to get out bill.
The server put the bill on the table.
I asked for a to go box and most of the time when the servers see there are NO MORE fries they will add a few.
But not the time.
There fries are excellent if you can get any.
Well I got the bill ready and waited and waited and again flagged a bus boy and asked for out server.
He came and we paid the bill.
Took the teeny pieces of cod with NO fires home.
Normally I will snack on my doggie bag in the evening, Got the teeny piece and a half home and a couple hours later decided to have it.
The cod was tough!!!!!!!!!
First time in my life I have had tough cod and I am 78 years old and fished for years.
Was barely a bite in the  piece so just tossed in garbage disposal.
Extremely disappointed and will not go back and I cannot count the times I have been to Red Robins and in the past so looked forward to the seafood platter, Should have turned into In'N"Out just down the street.
Never, ever been disappointed there.
Don't bother calling me.
You could not do that in 2 weeks.
Amended a bit for typos.

I love coming here for burgers.
Can't go wrong with bottomless fries.
I always get their freckled limeade...and now they have the option of getting the limeade under 10 calories :).

I am over and done with Red Robin.
They were going to call me, no call so wrote again, they said they would call and then I had a problem with my house phones.
Had that taken care of and informed them on December 4th Cox had fixed the phone and they replaced the modem.
TWELVE days ago, So for the last time Do NOT call me.
I will never ever go into a Red Robin again.
If you call I shall hang up.
I do not want to hear from or see a Red Robin again.
Red Robin used to be a good go to every time but reading review I see they are failing in may ways, To bad,

We came at about the same day and time again.
This time there was a different mgr with mostly the same set of issues.
No crayons and kids menu.
Waited 15 mins when told 5.
LOTS of empty seating.
Mgr came over and had a different set of circumstances for what the issue was today.
Mostly people calling in sick.
The server and food was perfect as always!

The burgers are good but the prices are a bit high.
The good news is all the sandwiches and wraps come with bottomless fries yeah!
Ask for the fries with no salt and you will get them hot every time.
Then you can add their fry seasoning yourself!
They have new dipping sauces for the fries.
Most are free but a few are "premium" meaning they cost $$$.
We tried all the free ones and my favorite was the house sauce it was kind of like a thousand island.
I haven't been to RR in a long time but when I use to go they would always bring a basket of fries while you waited for your food.
So when we asked the server about this she told us "we don't do that anymore you have to wait to get your meal first" why????
Honestly I'm glad we had a gift card otherwise we probably wouldn't have gone.
And for 80 bux for a party of 4 ehhhhh i think I'll pass next time!

Ok so hit the wrong button on my last review and posted to soon.
We sat down and looked at two tables that were dirty for entire meal.
Then we got out

I went here with my girlfriend yesterday and I loved it.
I always love their food- whoever cooked the food for Tuesday, it was amazing!
Our server was also fantastic!
She came back to check in with us every 5 minutes or so, just like how it should be!
Overall, it was a great date night with fantastic service :)

Went with my mom for lunch.
I got the Chili Chili Cheeseburger.
Was good, but nothing special.
We also ordered the hummus plate and some onion rings.
My mom got the BBQ chicken salad, BBQ on the side.
Waitress was good.
Kept the drink refills going and even gave us refills to-go.
About as much to be expected from this place for being a chain.
It was clean and they even cleared a booth for us right away to sit at because we didn't want to sit at a regular table.
Wouldn't go out of my way to go to a Red Robin, but would definitely be back if option comes about.

Meh, is it that hard to get a good burger?
Yes, fries?
Super hard.
The burgers where ok, after expressively asking the waitress to make sure our fries where hot.
They arrived cold, make that ice cold.
The burgers where warm.
Wish would have gone to in-n-out.
Could have saved 60% off the bill and the fries would have been hot.

The drinks are excellent and are my favorite especially the pineapple chipotle margarita.
The zucchini sticks are awesome also.
They use whole real zucchini and quarter it.
For me this does it all.
The burgers are good satisfactory.
But for me the drinks and zucchini are the best.

My family & I have been to this RR several times and have never had a complaint about their customer service, it's always been top notch......however tonight there was kinda a hiccup.
The hostess who sat us was none to happy to be at work tonight.
To start she didn't greet us as she led us to our table, didn't say two words, then she sat us at a dirty table.
We asked her to wipe it down and she did but left it so wet that my husband had to flag her down and ask her for some napkins so we could dry it.
She brought us the napkins and still did not say two words to us.
Both my husband and I found it upsetting since we've never had any customer service issues at this location.
At our first opportunity we asked to speak to the manager, he came promptly and we discussed our concerns with him.
He understood our issues, promised us that he would coach the young lady offered to give us 25% off our meal, which we didn't ask for or expect, we were still planning on eating there we just wanted the problem to be addressed with her.
He delivered our dinner himself, checked on us several times, even stopped and chatted and then told us he would take care of our entire bill!!!
Needless to say we were shocked!
It was totally unexpected.
The manager, Jim, and the server, Ashley, did an excellent job of turning a bad experience into a great one!

I'd have to be specifically craving Red Robin to eat at Red Robin.
It's not the first place I think when I feel like burgers but when I'm on the Centennial Side of town & I don't feel like any other place, I end up here, just for the unlimited fries.
LOL.
Service has been on & off for me at this location.
It's not consistent, which is understandable.
Oh & that bottomless Rootbeer Float.
Mmmmm.
You got me.
Stop it.
Overall though, I wouldn't say it's my favorite spot but food is alright & I'm okay with that.

Harrison was our server - he kicked ass.
RR Gourmet Burger $8.99 w/ GF bun +$1.
Bottomless allergen-free fries cooked in a separate fryer.
They also ask you how you'd like your burger - med or well-done.
Beautiful art + decor on the walls and ceiling.
Fantastic service.
This is a location I would go out of my way for in the future.
Thanks for the great GF options!

Wonderful service and food.
Amy was a great waitress.
She always check on us and really took care of are toddler.

Yum yum yum yum yuum.I love the fries.
Today I tried the black and bleu burger, it was fantastic.
I was shuttle disappointed because they ran out of soft serve soI couldn't get a shake, but other than that our waitress was very attentive to us and our food was brought to out table hot.
Had a great experience.

We tried this place 3 different times and all 3 times it took forever for our food to come out and all 3 times our food was COLD!!!
And to top it off service is horrible!!!
On 3/12/14 we wanted to give this place another chance because we wanted to support Darnell elementary.
So we did and again food took forever and our food was cold.
We a kids chicken strip which was overcooked and cold.
We also got a kids cheese pizza which was undercooked (doughy)and cold.
We also got a blue burger which was soggy and cold.
The only thing that was hot was the bottomless fries (which was really good, got to give the credit for that) I'm sorry but never again.

I have been dining at Red Robin for many years.
Unfortunately the service at the Centennial location was horrible.
Bethany, our server, was slow, rude, and dismissive.
Every time we asked a question, we got vague, half-answers and an annoyed demeanor.
I love the food, but I don't know if I can give it another chance.

Every time I go hear it is so packed with screaming children and a 30 minute wait.
As horrible as it sounds I would rather have a burger from in n out.
Its just fine.
Nothing that special.
You go there for like a quick meal when nothing else is open.
It's good.
Good French fries.
Just can't get the pasted the screaming children.

This was the first and last time that I will go to Red Robin.
The waitress, named Katie, was terrible.
The restaurant was only half full, but she took forever to come to our table.
I ordered a black and blue burger.
It was just awful and terribly over-priced,  even the tea tasted bad,  I actually left thirsty.
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.

I just can't with this place any more.
Red Robin used to be a fun family place, then they tried to make it upscale and got rid of the games, kids coloring pages, large balloons, fun posters etc....
I've never thought the food was that great, but the shakes are awesome and the kids used to like it.
Going in there now is the utmost test in patience and tolerance.
The service is horrible (more because they seem understaffed than because the servers are inept), and there are fewer menu options and higher prices.
The number of kids in there and the noise level will drive you to drink; but not there, because the glasses are dirty and the manager will tell you that boogers on the glasses are just scratches.
Oh, and the bathroom is disgusting.
If there is no soap and the trash is overflowing, then I'm not sure any of the employees are going in there let alone washing their hands.
In my opinion, Red Robin turned their backs on their customer base by trying to upgrade and make it more adult.
I would never go there with all adults and it's not really fun for kids anymore.
Thanks but no thanks.

I saw 3 different food runners attempt to deliver food to the wrong tables just at bar.
And in the last 3 times we've been here the bar has been absolutely FREEZING.
2 separate couples went out to their cars after the fact to grab coats.
If you come bring a jacket.

Sometimes the wait is a little long.
The food is good American style.
I really like this place.

Went there last night to celebrate my son's track meet.
Got there about 9 pm so after the dinner rush.
We were seated right away... at the absolute filthiest table I have ever sat at.
The entire floor in that section of the restaurant was covered in garbage.
There were 4 tables that sat with dirty dishes for at least 30 minutes.
Our waitress that we started with told us that she was being sent home.
But she stayed and served the table next to us for the remainder of the night.
Our waitress was good, and the food was good, which is the only reason they got 2 stars.
The bathrooms were also filthy and the trash probably had not been emptied in hours.
The guy I saw bussing tables did half a table and then left to do God knows what.
My husband (who loves Red Robin food as much as I do) said we likely won't be going back.
This place belongs in the worst part of the East side.

I'm all about the Bleu Ribbon burger and the seasoning for the fries.
I am dying to try a beer shake!

Red Robin is known for their burgers and they really do makae a mean burger.
Ironically, burgers were not the primary reason I went in to Red Robin last week.
It was Cinco de Mayo and I really wanted a margarita and some Mexican food.
My dreams were quickly dashed when I passed up on two restaurants because of the corwded parking lots and busy mad house dining rooms.
I saw the Red Robin next to the Michoacan restaurant and figured they would have a bar that could serve me up a margarita and would perhaps not be too busy.
My hunch paid off and I got my margarita and dinner with little wait.
Since I was hoping for Mexican food and that is not he specialty of Red Robin  I went with the next best thing and ordered a guacamole bacon burger.
It did not look like much when it came out to me but you really cannot judge a book by its cover.
This burger was superb.
the guacamole was there and delicious without overwhelming the rest of the burger components.
I was able to taste each topping as well as the awesome beefiness of the patty.
I could taste the char and it reminded me of a 4th of July backyard BBQ.
Oh, the memories that came flooding back to my mind.
All with one simple bite of a burger.
I don't know why I don't do this more often.

Service is good overall.
The have happy hour all day.
The food is not healthy, but treats great!
The Blue Ribbon burger is delicious.
My bf liked his colossus burger.
The fries are decent,  but love that they have a range of dipping choices for them.

I come in about once or twice a month.
Service here is always impressive.
I've never had a bad experience.
Food is consistent.
And, their email club sends out lots of coupons.

Red Robin is a family favorite for us.
I am a fan because they have a nice menu selection and they always seem to move quickly from the initial wait to be seated, if there is one at all, to getting your food.
I also like that they have had the same menu since forever, so you always know what to expect, and then of course, you just can't beat bottomless steak fries!
My hubby always orders a basket of fries right when we are seated and then he just keeps them coming!
This always keeps the kids busy and happy and it beats having to order an appetizer!
I will say, I do miss the old baskets and the way they would wrap the burgers, not so much down with the new motif of everything now, but the food is still the same so I can let it slide.
Another bonus is having the Rewards card because you get a point every time you order a meal, and at 10 points you get a free meal.
That adds up really quickly.
Plus you get a free meal on your birthday and you can register the kids for free birthday meals too, and that's not to mention all the bonus coupons and freebies they email you!
Plus R.R.
is originally from Seattle and I always say everything amazing comes from Washington State :-)

Well I decided to give this place a go, I am glad that I did!
First off they have great service and are very friendly, we got seated immediately as we were over 21 and went to the bar area.
We got the short stack of onion rings (6 rings) and was a lot for me and my lady.
The ranch and "secret" sauces are great compliments to the onion rings which were hot, crispy, and a good flavor.
I had the collossus burger with fries and my lady had the bleu ribbon burger with a BOCA burger substitute and broccoli.
Its great to see that red robins offers the likes of BOCA burgers and gardenburgers as substitutes at no extra cost!
The wait was minimal and the food arrived hot.
The steak fries are awesome and the broccoli was also great, especially being bottomless made it all that much better!
My burger (collossus) had a burger, brisket, grilled onions, and two types of sauces from what I was reading and it was great!
Nice burger flavor, the brisket was tender (could have used a little more brisket but great non the less) the onions were sweet and caramelized to greatness.
The colossus was a definite win!!
My ladies bleu ribbon burger with a BOCA burger was awesome!!
The BOCA tasted very mild compared to a regular burger so the flavors of the supporting ingredients (onions straws, steak sauce, chipotle aioli, lettuce, tomatoes, and bleu cheese) really stood out and had a big taste profile which would almost been forgotten with a regular beef burger.
It has been 6+ yrs since ive had red robins and im glad to say that the product is the same and they still have great burgers.
Give five guys, in-n-out, and carls jr a break and head on over and see what you think as I hope your experince will be as good as mine!

