everything is great!
great restaurant!
fresh and huge seafood, energetic wait stuffs, comfortable seatings!
prices are reasonable!
u've gotta try it!

Have been going to this restaurant since I was a child, 20+ years ago.
I love this restaurant!
It is my go-to for any special occasion.
Love the food, love the environment and love the service!

A bit pricy for what they give you but the food is really good.

I went there to take advantage of the endless shrimp promotion.
I was hoping the coconut shrimp were among one of the shrimp plates eligible but sadly it was not.
Instead I had the linguini shrimp, which was very good.
Our server couldn't have been friendlier, I'd definitely recommend others to dine here, I'll be returning.

I've always been impressed with the service at this location.
The wait staff is always super friendly and always quick when you need something.
The food is amazing every time.
The endless shrimp and lobster fest deals get me coming back every year when I see the commercials on TV.

The wait here can be horrendous.
I find it frustrating when you come early and take note that there is relatIvely few people here.
You think to yourself there should not be a huge wait.
After you watch table after table getting their food while we sit here and wait, you just feel like getting up and leaving.
I used to like this restaurant but I give it a failing grade with the food delivery.

Well, we went to the Red Lobster for dinner tonight - and once again we were disappointed.
I ordered the Grilled Lobster, shrimp skewer, and scallops dish for 28.99.
What a disaster.
The baked potato (side dish) was crusted in salt, and to me the best part is the skin - so that ended that.
- The Atlantic lobster tail was literally dripping an orange oil, tasted strange (?
) and was chewy and miserably overcooked, never mind being really small.
The shrimp skewer was flattened, swimming in salty oil and overcooked or twice cooked?
The scallops - oh my - I have never had such atrocious scallops in my life.
Small - Tough, chewy with a leathery outer skin.
Simply disgusting and I spat them out.
You could have bounced them off the walls they were so rubbery.
The appetizer I had chosen was the Seafood stuffed mushrooms.
I expected alot more flavour than I got.
Also, the clam chowder which for years was a favourite of mine, was thin and had almost nothing in it apart from cubed potato.
My dinner partner however did well.
She ordered the escargot to start - small but delicious, and the crab linguini alfredo - a huge dish and also very delicious.
- Be prepared to take it home for three more lunches though!
Since this is the third time I have been served overcooked dreadful lobster here this is the last time.
Having checked the nutrition data oline however, I was not prepared to go on dialysis come Monday for salt poisoning from getting the delicious and rich Linguini.
Unfortunately many of our favourite restaurants were getting ready to close so the choice was limited to this or a fast food place and we were hungry.
As it was, I thought I ordered carefully, and ate carefully and still managed to consume twice the daily recommended dose of sodium.
This restaurant probably has the UNhealthiest food anywhere, so overloaded with salt and fat and grease - it's almost toxic.
Even the broccoli (side dish) was highly salted.
Carl, our server was great, friendly, and efficient.
Our meals were served in a reasonable time frame, however we arrived late, 9 p.m. and the restaurant was not busy.
$78.00 with tip for 2 people.
We will never be returning.

