Bubble tease is one of those things you just have to try.
It's exceedingly popular amongst students here.
And for good reason.
The places' atmosphere is thrifty, with random furniture.
It has somewhat of a hippie-feel to it.
But somehow it works.
Bubble Tease has a very high novelty factor, and is definitely fun to chill out for a bit with some friends.

This is one of my favorite restaurants around the university plaza.
Their food is flavorful and tastes consistent (and don't taste like they all use the same sauce), and price is really cheap with good portions!
This is my go to place for lunch or dinner after class.
They also have some great vegetable dishes.
Atmosphere is very university-student-like and homey, really quick service.
Bubble tea's not that great though wouldn't recommend it.
Some favorites are girdled duck, chili chicken, celery with dried tofu, lamb with rice.
They used to have this glass noodle with pork and preserved vegetables soup dish which i really liked, but for some reason they stopped making it... :/

I go here a lot.
Food is pretty good.
Obviously you can find better food elsewhere like TORONTO, but definitely still good.
Food gets served pretty fast too.
And like the other reviewers pointed out, their bubble tea...isn't that great.
Sweat Dreams is much better

0 stars, honestly.
Not worth going considering there are other better, similar alternatives in the UW Plaza such as Sogo and Waterloo Star.
I used to like this place before they changed owners (or renovated), but not anymore.
Reasons  for 0 stars 1.
Subpar food, compared to its competitors mentioned above.
Some friends had diarrhea, but I didn't.
Food that could've been saltier was watery.
Dishes that could have used less salt was salty enough for me not want to bring home the leftovers.
Bubble tea served here is beyond watery - the drink itself and tapioca aren't sweetened.
Minimal ice cubes added.
Not sure if it was water or crafted drink.
Sketchy interior.
I can see the vegetables and frozen meat and tofu boxes in the fridge, facing me.
It's great to know that they're using unfrozen ingredients and stuff, but this really undermines the whole purpose of their renovation.
Exposing things like that really worsens the restaurant atmosphere to a warehouse environment.
Atrocious service quality.
I know this is expected from a Chinese restaurant run by Chinese owners, but seriously, the shitty service is real.
This is shown by one experience where I had brought food from another restaurant.
Yes, indeed, it was my fault, but I sure as hell did not deserve to be told to "get out.
" The tone in the server's voice was devoid of politeness.
No words like "sorry," "please," or "thank you," just "this is store policy.
" Even though this incident was my wrongdoing, a customer should not be treated like this.
For the reasons above, you're better off spending your money elsewhere.

