I really like this place.
Any of my last visits to K/W (including New Years Eve) have been spent at this place drinking their homemade beers.
Big fan of the wheat beer too, garnished with an orange slice, delicious in any weather but especially summer.
Had their breaded "famous" chicken wings last time and can honestly say they were delicious.
Maybe it was the 12 beers or so talking but they were definitely one of the best breaded wings I can remember having in a long time, very crispy.
I reccomend this place and think its a gem for K/W since i don't know of any other similar brewpubs in the area.

Barley Works - which most of the local students just refer to as 'The Huether' has one of the biggest patios in the city and is absolutely packed with people from the moment the weather turns warm until it starts to get cold again in the fall.
Along with your typical selection of beer they serve a number of beers that they make right on site.
The bar is lined with big screen TV's for catching the game.
Their pizzas, schnitzel and sweet potato fries are all worth ordering.
In the same building as Barley Works (which is on the top floor/patio) are 5 other businesses including: The Lion Brewery Restaurant , Cafe 1982, Huether Hotel Catering, The Lion Brewery.
(The establishment is all run by the Huether family Sonia, Kelly, David and Bernie):   (They also use to have a strip joint in the basement but that closed down sometime in the 90's, and they still have rooms for rent in the attic, mostly occupied by local students.
)  They have pool tables that they charge by the game or by the hour for a very reasonable price.
And arcade game.
Party rooms galore if you're looking to host an event.
They're free of charge, you just have to make a reservation.
They will cater it too if you want them too.
Overall I'd say the Huether is worth checking out (especially that patio), though be careful, after a few drinks it's easy to get lost inside.

Checked out the Huether for a few drinks after a graduation ceremony at Waterloo.
It was a nice sunny Saturday so we sat up on the huge patio.
Lots of seats and plenty of sun/shade spots to choose from.
They had a bit of live entertainment with singers/guitarists which was nice.
We decided to order 3 pitchers ($15 each) of the local brew - Lion's Lager, Wuerezburger Lager and the feature house brew which was an india pale ale.
All three were good but the Wuerezburger was my favourite.
Also wanted to order a pitcher of sangria but was told they didn't have it on the menu.
They do have wine on the menu and a full bar so they could slap some orange juice and brandy in a pitcher with some orange slices and call it sangria?
We didn't try any food but I was told that the wings were excellent.
Pitchers slightly on the pricier side especially since the Huether is known as a local student hang out.
How can these kids afford to drink?
By comparison, you can always get a pitcher of Great Lakes beer in Toronto for $10-$12 (if you know where to look).
Service was friendly and prompt.
Definitely a great hangout for a sunny afternoon.
On our way out, we picked up a 12-pack of Lion's Lager to go from the brewery store ($14).
I love to try out local brews...glad to have found this place because when I think of KW breweries, I always think of Brick.

Does anyone else feel like the stairs for this place from the patio down to the street are nearly suicidal after a few beers?!
I foresaw many many drumbles (drunk+stumbles) down those stairs and did some serious white knuckling while I was walking down them.
Besides that, the food is decent--nothing to write home to my beloved states about, but safe.
Their beers were great, and I had a homemade brew that hit the spot.
The food is traditional pub food sprinkled with some randoms (fajitas and white-folk nachos).
All in all, it's a good find in a place that I felt was lacking anything else going on.
If there is a social hub in KW region I was determined to find it, one yelp review at a time.

Had lunch here today and experienced the greasiest fish & chips I've ever had.
Words can't explain how much grease was on the battered fish.
Had to use napkins to take much of it off.
In one word "TERRIBLE".
I would not recommend anyone eat here!

There is a beautiful patio with heated lamps.
This is one of the few places that we were able to find that is open late.
If you are in the Waterloo area looking for food past 10 pm, check this place out.
The food was tasty, not necessarily gourmet, but good bar food.

Under no circumstance should one ever come here.
My experience was awful but I will boil things down to one event so ridiculous it will leave you in awe.
The waitress brought my drink and dropped it when transferring it to me, she was balancing the tray on one hand while making me take my own drink off the tray myself.
After it fell she insisted I still pay for it!
The argument got so heated a third person had it get involved and pay for it.
Which still left me with a bad taste because another customer ended up paying for it just to settle things down, which really should have been what the manager should have done.
Avoid this place at all costs.

Besides the fact that I still can't figure out the exact name of the place I dined at inside the "Huether Hotel"... (There are multiple food joints located literally within steps of each other - it kind of feels like one giant house, really), I'd like to point out that this review is for the food up the narrow flight of stairs.
And yes, I am taking a wild guess that it is called Barley Works Bar & Grill.
Anyway, despite the average reviews this place has received, I really did want to share something great about this place.
I wish I could say it was the service but from the few times that I have been here, I have to say that it's truly a hit or a miss...
But don't let that stop you from coming for their chicken wings.
For all of you who have tried Morty's wings and use that as your benchmark for chicken wing greatness, I challenge you to try the wings here.
You will be pleasantly surprised.
The trick here is to get the breaded chicken wings, with the sauce ON THE SIDE.
If there's one thing they do absolutely great here, it's the way they're able to bread the chicken wings to achieve this fantastic crunch.
This is why it's important to get the sauce on the side so as not to "mess with the crunch".
The size of the chicken wings is pretty substantial too for those of you who care about the size (heh).
Although it's priced a little higher than Morty's wings, it's definitely worth trying.

