Seoul Soul went through a major change in the past couple of years.
Whereas before they had a nice restaurant and served Korean and Japanese food with  fairly decent sushi, now the food is strictly Korean and the decor has been destroyed.
My food came to me on a cafeteria tray, and it was not tasty (worst Bi Bim Bap of my life).
What happened to Seoul Soul?
Avoid this place.

I'm not a fan of this, so only been there a couple of times through my university life.
They do have some great lunch specials which are decent in pricing and quantity.
However, you have to know a thing or two about Korean dishes, otherwise you may not be satisfied with your choosing if you are not careful.
Quality of the dishes here is decent, but not fantastic.
To sum up, if you find yourself really hungry during lunch break or in the evening, go there and make your stomach happy, at the cost of only ~$10 and decent Korean dishes.
(assuming if you are not a picky eater).

I only get 2 things on the menu: Pork Bone Soup and Gal-Bi Ribs.
Especially Pork Bone Soup.
Those 2 tastes pretty good.
Potato side is pretty good too.
Other stuff are...meh.
They seem to play the same music and video every time I come here.
That same 45 minute loop.

If you find yourself craving Korean food and don't want to go far, Seoul Soul does the trick.
The lunch specials are of decent quality, quantity and pricing.
The complimentary banchan (appetizers) are done right.
Aside from that, the usual offerings are pretty lackluster and you can do better elsewhere.

Lunch special is pretty delicious.
The potatoes are the best.
Go here for lunch.

I can't really speak for much of their menu, but I get their Kimchi Jigae or Gamjatang on a fairly regular basis, and they're fantastic!
Very friendly service as well - I really like the new owners.
Only downside: their debit machine is often out of service, so your safest bet is to bring cash (there's also an ATM there, but you'll get dinged with a $1.50 fee if you go that route).

