This Kings location probably has the best service and selection of all the locations I've been to and I've been to quite a few.
They outperform Cambridge, Guelph, Sudbury, North Bay and Hamilton.
Bins are rarely empty and service is pretty good overall.
Kings easily blows away Mandarin in the KW area for price versus selection.
If you've never been and you're a chineese buffet fan you have to try this place...

Fairly typical buffet options.
The food is plentiful, and at least when I went, it was fresh (it was a busy night, though, so this might have been a factor--i.e.
they had to restock frequently because so many people were passing through).
The shrimp was tender and the sushi was actually decent too (sometimes buffet sushi is meh--this stuff wasn't the best sushi I've had, but it wasn't the worst, either, and it was definitely fresh).
Good selection of food and definitely worth trying if you enjoy the buffet experience!

Typical huge Chinese buffet - very kid-friendly - and with the crowd I was with the night I visited - perfect.
They also have a VIP card that gives you a discount every time you come.
Almost paid back the investment on our first visit!

The buffet is decent (though I find the placement of the dessert table next to the washroom a little troubling) but I will never again visit King's Buffet after repeated bad experiences with their take out.
They have messed up my order every time I've ever gotten take out there (4 times).
The first time I called to complain that they had forgotten an item (chicken balls) as well as the almonds for the chicken almond guy ding.
The attitude of the woman on the phone was appalling.
She kept telling me that SHE didn't forget, as if I was accusing her personally.
YOU may not have forgotten, but last I checked, you still work for the company that DID forget.
After they told us we'd have to drive all the way back to the store to make an exchange (30 mins+ round trip) we said to just forget it.
No compensation was offered.
They have also messed up the pricing on my order every time.
The older gentleman used to throw in a few cans of pop to compensate, but he was missing the last time I was in.
Again, the attitude of the staff is disgusting.
I was told that it was "only" $3.
That's still $3 of MY money that you have taken for no reason.
Learn some respect for your customers.
In the meantime, I'll be going to the Mandarin for my Chinese food.

This place is decent.
Your standard large Chinese chain buffet restaurant.
The food was all decent.
A couple of the dishes were cold but most was all hot and well prepared.
The place is quite large so its great for groups and kids.
I can't recall how much it cost but I think it was reasonable.

I find this location offers a middle ground between Mandarin, with its high-end prices, and other, lower-quality Chinese buffets.
King's offers a reasonable selection of delicious Chinese food.
For its prices you're getting a good value and decent variety.

