Such a fun place to go and catch up with an old friend for a few hours.
It has all day breakfast and endless kinds of lattes :) You're always in a comfortable seat because that's all they have.
The service is great and its a cool atmosphere.
The decor is kind of cheesy with prints like School of Athen's and fake marble, but you get over it quickly.
Try the Belgian waffles!

Symposium is a great place to slouch, relax, have a decent coffee or, preferrably, fresh squized juice mixes.
Service takes it's time, but is friendly.
The star attraction tho, is without a doubt the wide assortment of very very delicious cakes and deserts.
Skip dinner, and go for the sweet tooth right away.

My husband goes to the Symposium Cafe often, as it is a favorite among his friends, so I decided to accompany him there one evening to check it out.
When you walk in, you are greeted by the traditional overstuffed chairs that make for a good place to stay a while and chat.
The murals, which depict scenes from Ancient Greece, suggest that this is the place to go for a deep conversation, and its location near the University of Waterloo and Wilfred Laurier University means that it is a hotspot for thirsty scholars.
While the Symposium is a great place to go for coffee and a dessert, of which they offer a wide variety, it is also a great place to go to get great food, relatively inexpensively.
I opted for salmon, which came in an herbed cream sauce with asparagus and mashed potatoes.
While the cream sauce didn't particularly thrill me, the salmon and asparagus were perfect.
My husband had the barbeque chicken pizza, which I tried.
I'm not certain whether they make their own barbeque sauce or purchase it, but it was quite literally the best barbeque sauce I've ever tasted.
The cheese that came on the pizza (a goat cheese, I believe) was also unique and melded well with the other flavors.
Overall, the food was much better than I expected.
It can be difficult to find parking nearby, so I recommend taking change for a garage or parking meters.

Aimed squarely at the college crowd, which means good (not great) food and friendly ambiance at affordable prices.
There's nothing bad about the place but you can feel the invisible hand of cost control.
Best for coffee and desserts as others have said.
I'm still looking for the perfect breakfast place in the Waterloo / Kitchener area, which for me would consist of Eggs Benedict with real Hollandaise served with English Breakfast tea (fresh brewed, not from teabags).
Do I have to drive all the way to Toronto for this?

I've been there a few times and I love it.
I really like their relaxed atmosphere.
For their entrees, I've ordered their steak and also tried some of my friend's dishes, which were all pretty decent.
Not the best, but not horrible.
I also went there on a Saturday where they have appetizer specials, $15 for the appetizer of the night or choose two appetizers from a list.
My friends and I ordered one with smoked salmon and pita, and one with shrimp and bruschetta.
They were amazing!
The portions were just right and they were loaded with ingredients.
My friends have ordered their all day breakfasts and said that they taste really good, especially their toasts.
However one of my friend thinks their orange juice was not worth its price.
I don't think one can go to Symposium and walk out without having a slice of their cake.
My all time favourite is their mocha crunch!
Someone once told me it tastes like ferrero rocher chocolates.
They have all kinds of cakes, suitable for cake lovers!
Pairing a slice of their cake with a cup of their hot beverages is just heavenly.

Symposium has a huge menu, so there is something for everyone there.
The food is mediocre though, so people usually go for the selection and ambiance.
The cake on the other hand is really good - and there is a big selection of it too.
They've got daily specials which are decent.
My favourite ones are Sangria Saturdays (pitcher of Sangria for 10.99) and 2 for 1 cake on Sundays.
I find their cake at almost 9 dollars a pop too expensive otherwise but it's well worth the $4.50.
Service is hit and miss.
Usually it's pretty good and I've never had a problem with any of the waiters.
But when it's bad, it's TERRIBLE.
There is this one manager especially, who on a busy night, is less than polite to customers.
When it's busy and he's there, I leave the restaurant immediately.
Also, on busy nights, food is a bit slow to come out.
Over the past 5 years, I've probably been here 20-30 times, especially with larger groups because of their wide selection.

My friends and I went for Wednesday martini night.
It was a BLAST.
The waiter was friendly and the place was quiet.
I don't know much about their food but it's on my list of place to try.

Nice atmosphere.... but that's where it ends.The management of this place is so bad that it's almost like it's run by jr.high kids.
They didn't have most of the appetizers and the chicken tenders I had didn't even taste like chicken.
We had plenty of problems with the employees as well.
The desserts/fruit milkshakes weren't bad, but I wouldn't say it was worth all the trouble they put us through.
(seating/ordering issues)

This cafe is a great place to go at any time of the day, from their all day breakfast to late night drinks.
They are known for their desserts and drinks but have some very tasty food too.
They have large comfy chairs, bright natural lighting and beautiful decor.
Perfect date place!!
:-)

Good for meet ups - very large menu with something for everyone.
Known for their desserts.

I frequent this place about  5 times a year at most when i'm there for school.
I've never had problem finding seats because this place really isn't that busy compared to other restaurants on the strip.The menu has something for everyone, so it's definitely good for diverse group gatherings.
I actually don't find their ingredients fresh.
The chicken were too dry, the cheese sticks too salty etc...
The daily specials are good for meeting friends, especially their martini night.
The cakes are generally overpriced compared to other places.
My favourite is the mango mousse.
bottom line, don't come here if you are looking for great quality food.
come here when you really can't decide where else to go.

Symposium has a great atmosphere for hanging out with friends, it accommodates large groups very well, and is one of the few restaurants along King St that is open late.
However, their food quality has seriously gone downhill over the years - it was decent back when i was in 1st year, but when i came here recently (4 years later), the quality of food was terrible!
Their turkey bacon wrap had no traces of bacon - when I asked the waitress, she said "ohhh don't worry, it's in there, just really small, but keep looking!
" ....seriously?!
And their calamari was laughable - pretty much all battered and deep fried dough with calamari pieces here and there that were so small you can barely see/taste them.
Also their pitchers of sangria and mojito had pretty much no alcohol content in them and they still charged $13 a pitcher on their "pitcher special" night (don't waste your money on it - better off buying a jug of juice for a fraction of the price across the street at valu-mart)

Mixed feelings about this Symposium location since the times I've been here it has been good and it has been terrible.
Good: Came here once or twice with the boy and we both got breakfast since that's what I go to symposium for.
Those occasions it was great, food was hot and fresh and service was prompt.
Bad: Came here with my girl friends and okay completely different experience.
Getting service was a hassle.
Our food took forever to come, and that was apparently b/c the chef didn't come in.
Okay, understandable.
Then the food we were served was cold, overcooked and quite frankly awful.
How do you mess up a simple breakfast platter I do not know.
They also got one of my friend's orders wrong since she asked for no meat and it came with a pile of bacon.
Our waitress was I'm sure stressed but she wasn't handling the situation the greatest (made it awkward in fact...).
So it seems this location (compared to the guelph one which I've never had a problem with) has some management or staffing issues.
Hit or miss it seems, so proceed with cautious I say.

What you want to know about this place?
Their cakes!!!
They are famously known for their awesome cakes, and they have 2-for-1 cake deals on Sundays that you must try if you haven't.
They have a big assortment of cakes, mostly are chocolate cakes.
They don't have a big variety on cheese cakes though.
Overall their cakes are great, and they are HUGE, I can never finish one piece in one meal.
Other than their cakes, everything else is pretty standard.
Their dishes are a little bit over priced for their quality and quantity.

We go there as a group of friends.
The staff is great, the environment is intimate and the food is OK, not great.
It is a good spot to hangout, there is privacy since the lightening is dim.

My mother drove a long way to come visit me and I wanted to bring her somewhere nice to have something sweet and maybe a coffee before she went back again.
Cafe 22 was closed (being a Sunday) and since we were in the area, I figured I'd bring her here.
Big mistake.
The hostess was really curt to us as she seated us and I could already feel the regret.
We looked through the menu, pretty standard fare, average prices and their strengths definitely lie in their desserts.
We ordered a Fruit Festival waffle for us to both share.
The atmosphere was comfy and spacious, great for a date or even just catching up with a close friend.
But what makes me never want to come back is how we never received our order.
There were two tables of two in the entire restaurant, with a staff of at least four from what I could see.
But no one was doing anything, really.
Finally, our server came to us and said that our waffle was taking a while because it kept falling apart while they were making us.
What?
This is just wrong on so many levels - if you are known for your desserts, why would they be substandard?
And furthermore, why would it take you 25 minutes to inform us of this?
So we tried to be understanding and said that it was okay, we will wait a little while longer.
And a little while longer still wasn't enough.
He came back to us again and reiterated the same excuse.
He then suggested we order something else.
I really wish he could have told us earlier so that our time wasn't wasted.
So we left.
We tipped him regardless, but...  My mother's conclusion is that their waffle mix was clearly old and has been in the freezer for too long.
She also said that they clearly do not care and it shows in how disgusting the bathrooms are.
She was unimpressed overall and I was disappointed because I wanted to bring her somewhere nice.
Conclusion?
If you want to go somewhere with quality and decent service, don't go here.

Poor service, our group of 3 males entered immediately followed by a party of 2 women behind us.
The two women were served first and given cake from the last pieces of cake showcase that our party would have ordered.
Will never return due to poor sexist treatment.

Went there with ma sista after her exam..so it was around 10 pm.
There were PLENTY... PLENTYYYYY of empty but dirty tables.
So of course they made us wait.
There was a party of 6 in front of us and they had to wait also.
You'd think that the waitresses would know to CLEAR THE TABLES after the customers have left so it doesn't make the place seem like a mess!
Anyway, we didn't have to wait too long so I'll let it go.
We shared the SKY HIGH CARROT CAKE and it was the best damn carrot came we've ever tasted :D I LOVE THEIR CAKES!!!!
I've been there once before and also ordered a slice of cake and it was also  amazing.
We also had 2 chai lattes... Those were mediocre.
Nothing special about them.
You should wait until martini Wed to get their $5 martinis instead ;).
It's cozy inside and the staff were nice, although there could've been more of them.

Great place to eat for a date.
Nice atmosphere and many options for good.
However I found the main entrees to mostly be beef, so if you're like me and don't eat beef then you are limited to seafood.

I've been here twice more, having been convinced by friends.
Sometimes I forget I have a Yelp account, but then experiences like these remind me of why I created one in the first place: to warn people!
I feel like the servers don't really know what they're doing.
We were almost charged twice for our cakes and he didn't know how to fix it so he asked us to just pay each other back.
Fantastic, now I just wish we could have served ourselves the cakes so we didn't have to wait half an hour just to get them.
I still don't know what he did to make it so complicated and I don't know whether I paid extra or even ended up getting the Sunday cake special they advertise.
Also, the pulled pork sandwich (on another occasion) was disgusting.
I hate to say that about food, but please please do not order it.
Hard top, soggy bottom.
The meat was very sweet but otherwise tasteless.
I can't even describe the texture; you can just tell they slapped some meat in an old bun then microwaved it.
I didn't finish it and I am not a picky eater.

Not my favorite of dining experiences, but nothing was _awful_.
Came here around 2 on a Tuesday, only a handful of other patrons in the place, so getting a seat was very easy.
The food--salmon greek salad, penne in vodka sauce, and cesar salad--was fine.
Nothing to write home about.
Our waiter forgot the coffee and was somewhat hard to flag down.
All in all, it was kind of pricey for what it was.
The good: decent food literally next door to our hotel.
The bad: meh.

I went with my significant other twice now and both times we have really enjoyed our experience.
The first time we went we were actually extremely impressed.
The customer service and speed of the waiter was on spot.
We also didn't have to wait long for our food, to be seated or for the check.
The food was amazing, the first time we just had specialty coffee and cake, but the second time we had a dinner course and both times we were equally impressed.
The environment is absolutely amazing, and it really is a superb restaurant.
This is seriously one of the best restaurants in kitchener-waterloo in all aspects.
Inexpensive.
Great environment.
Incredible tasting food.
Superb Customer Service.

i do not understand why everyone loves this place  1. it is extremely over priced 2. had a burger and it was burnt and was extremely dry 3. slow service 4. burnt veal parmigian   I would not go back to this place

