Excellent diner food!
Breakfast is great and they have a large menu for lunch and dinner.

just your regular old run of the mill grill good breakfast selections.
frequent visitor to the place.

This is such an awesome place to come for a good breakfast and a good value.
Breakfast for 2 of us is usually about $15.00 including tax and tip and they get you in and out in no time which is great if you have a lot to do that day.
I have tried most of the breakfast places around my place in the Kitchener Area but nothing ever surpasses The Daily Grill so we always wind up driving to the far end of Waterloo to get a good breakfast.
Also it seems to be a family run business which is great, they are always SO friendly and efficient.
Love The Daily Grill!

Best breakfast in town.
Can't speak to lunch (unless it is breakfast-for-lunch) or dinner but breakfast is consistently excellent.
Upgrade to the polish sausage and you'll be happy.
Keep in mind I always order the same thing - The Daily Requisite (typical breakfast - 2 eggs, meat, toast, potato) so I'm reviewing that breakfast more than the menu as a whole.
But so many places put their twist on the standard breakfast or fail to execute the basics properly.
The Daily Grill executes perfectly and excels at the standards.
Plus with the fairly recent renovation looks pretty darn nice on the inside as well.

My daughter and I went there for breakfast this morning and it was really good.
The service was fast for seating, drinks and the breakfast itself.
They also provide peanut butter for toast upon request which is a bonus for me.
Also, sometimes I find diner coffee can be bad or so-so but this place makes good coffee to go with the breakfast as well.
I dig it!

I was in Waterloo for an annual volleyball tournament and based on reviews I was ecstatic to try it.
Unfortunately, our games started at 8 and we needed to be at the venue by 7, so we didn't get to try it for the first two days, since it opens at 7.
On Sunday, I finally came here, and ordered the breakfast special they have, two eggs, toast, home fries, bacon/sausage/ham, etc.
Scrambled eggs tasted delicious, toast was nice and soft, sausage was honestly to die for and fries tasted good.
However, since I had a game later, I decided not to eat all the fries which was a mistake because they were quite good.
Recommend this place for people that want a quick bite to eat or a good breakfast to start the day.

