The place is only 2 weeks old and is located right next to the Coke bottle in the Showcase Mall.
Michelle was our waiter and gave great service.
I was a little bummed that their menu didn't have my usual (Toowoomba Pasta), so I settled for their No Rules Pasta with shrimp and scallops, which was good.
My friend had the ribs, which were really tender.
I could've downed their sangria in seconds, and their Chocolate Chocolate Tower is delicious, not to mention rich (which is okay because I LOVE chocolate).
Hopefully they'll add more items to their menu in the future.
For a new location, it's quite promising of a good time.

I came here for my B-day in June and I wanted some steak that was affordable for everyone.
The waiter we had was remarkable he knew who order what and knew where the food belongs.
We had a party of 13 and usually they will get confused but not our waiter he was outstanding.
I had the Melbourne and i got the 32 oz version.
I guess the 32 oz steak is only in Vegas cause it's 20 oz where i live.
The steak was juicy and not dry at all.
My cousin had the ribs he said they were pretty good and everyone said they steak was delicious.
I will definitely be coming back here soon.

After another show, went here for a quick bite to eat.
Turned out not to be so quick, after a strawberry margarita, blooming onion for an appetizer, and a perfectly grilled salmon filet with a side of French green beans.
Our server mentioned she'd given her two-week notice to attend law school and was quite fun to be around.
She even sent over a couple of shots of Patron (tequila) on the house.
Strong!
Wasnt' too noisy or crowded, although there was a nice vibe throughout the place.
Also nice to watch the world championship of poker on the LCD tvs hanging over the bar.

Went here with the hubby and normally we enjoy this place..but something changed.
The food was not very good at all.
I had the ribs..they lacked flavor and sauce.
Hubby had the sirloin and it was stringy and blah..his words.
The blooming onion was good but thats it.
We wont be coming to Outback again..

Went on Veteran's day... was a bit dissapointed that our hostess did not give us the view of the strip considering nobody was in there but understood that the bar tender needed some love too and was glad he served us cause he was most attentive... the food was fantastic here for lunch and affordable for some beef which I desperately needed being married to my veggie hubby recently... LOL.. go up the Coke bottle to a little bit of beef heaven!!

This is the best all-around meal I've had in a LONG time.
Simple, yet delicious.
We were seated quickly, granted it was a Sunday evening, however for a restaurant on the Strip I was impressed.
Of course we shared a fresh, hot blooming onion.
Call me crazy, but try it with Ketchup instead of the special sauce...my wife and friends are sold!
I ordered the New York Strip and it was amazing.
Perfectly seasoned and perfectly grilled.
My only negative critique is they rushed the appetizer/salad portion of the meal.
I felt like Kobiyashi trying to inhale my salad when my steak came out merely minutes after my salad, but that's ok.  My wife and her girlfriend shared the full rack of pork ribs, and I must admit they were delicious as well.
Any place that can fully satisfy the insatiable appetites of two pregnant women speaks volumes!
I would happily pay to eat here again.

Steak places are a dime a dozen on the strip so why would someone go to Outback?
I mean just next door their is Smith & Wollensky's and across the street is Mastro's Ocean Club not to mention Craftsteak and Striphouse all within a 5 iron shot of the place.
But what if you don't want to break the bank?
All of the aforementioned joints require most people to take a second mortgage out to afford.
Therein lies the beauty of Outback.
You can go in and get a delicious steak at a reasonable price (around 20 bucks) with decent sides and a casual atmosphere.
That's exactly how I found myself at this particular Outback the other night.
My cousin was in town and staying on the strip.
We wanted to get in touch with our carnivore roots but didn't want to have to sleep in our car as result.
Looking out from her room at the Monte Carlo, we spied Outback next to the giant Coke bottle and over-sized M & M (only in Las Vegas!).
We ambled across the strip and found the Outback to be tucked away adjacent to the Coke World shop and requiring an elevator ride to reach the host stand.
Once upstairs your removed from the hustle and bustle of the strip and can settle into a nice meal.
We were immediately seated even though the place was jumping and drink orders were taken promptly.
After perusing the menu I wasnt sure if this Outback was a little more expensive than others because of its location or if all of them how have raised their prices recently because I did notice the prices inching up higher than I last recalled.
They were still reasonable however and I ordered the Outback special which is a 12oz Sirloin and my cousin got the Prime Rib.
Both cuts were cooked right to order and the accompanying salad and potato were more than sufficient.
I loved that our waitress recognized my insatiable thirst of diet Coke and kept a steady stream of pops heading my way,    There was a nice view overlooking the strip from the restaurant and while the space was loud we could have a conversation without any problems.
This Outback is the perfect choice for people visiting Vegas and wanting a good substantial meal without all the production of a fancy "casino" restaurant.
Plus it'll save you some bucks so you can eventually loose it on a slot machine later in the night....or on the Indianapolis Colts as was the case with me....

Food is sooo salty and water is unfiltered from the tap.
I knew Yelp was going to be useless in helping us decide, when McDonalds had nearly as many stars as this joint.

My husband and I were starving and keen for a decent steak.
We assumed we'd get one here.
We ordered the outback special (sirloin) and the prime rib steaks.
I asked for mine to be medium, and the waiter immediately asked whether I was sure, because it would be "a bit red" in the middle.
(Would he have done the same thing if my husband had ordered first?
)  I wanted my steak pink (i.e.
"medium"!
), not red, so I changed it to medium-well instead.
It came out really dry and overcooked (100% brown)... it was even overcooked for well done.
I've had this exact thing happen before at another Outback in a different city, and that time I sent it back (the waiter agreed that it was way overcooked) but this time we were so hungry and we wanted to get out of there and do other things rather than wait for another steak so we didn't complain.
But seriously, shouldn't a steak house at least be able to cook steak properly?
Another strange thing was that the two soups on offer weren't Australian at all - not a big deal but I'm not sure why an Australian-themed restaurant couldn't have at least one soup on offer that is actually consumed in Australia.
Overall, it wasn't completely terrible... husband's prime rib was a perfect medium, as he requested, the service was acceptable, and they allowed us to move to another table overlooking the strip when it became available... but I'm sure you could get a much better steakhouse experience elsewhere in Vegas.

Great food but sub standard service from an Outback.
Our waitress never came back after delivering our food to check our drinks and mine was gone no water either, WTF?
From Outback???
?, I would expect more service for sure as I know how they treat their customers.
Again the food was really good as always.

Heard so many good things about this place and its prime rib steak that I was disappointed.
My cousins are always saying that the prime rib steak is amazing.
I had it but it was far too salty.
I later found out that I should have had it cooked in the "slow roasted" method but went for Outback Style - basically peppery.
It was very salty and very peppery.
I tried someone elses Prime Rib steak which was cooked in "right" way and it was OK - nothing to write home about.
Also, heard that the bread they give you was brilliant too.
Just tasted like normal bread with slightly different (to England anyway) butter.

Good food, but the server was a little aloof.
I think I saw more of the other staff members who brought our food and refilled drinks than of the gentleman that took our order and brought our bills.
Then again they could have been staffed in that matter, so either way, they got the job done efficiently.
I'm not a fan of this particular chain, and having to pay the "Vegas" experience premium on the foods just made it a tough pill to swallow.
However, the food was good in quality and it was served fast on what seemed like a packed house.
Their drinks, they're definitely priced competitively ... so that's a plus!

Not the standard menu, it was called the "international menu" good food, great service.

Empty do to the fact it's on the 4th floor yet rite on the strip.
The ribs are awesome and the service was great.

Outback is another one of my faves and has reasonable prices and an awesome menu.
A must have in the appetizer section is the well-known blooming onion which is a deep-fried whole onion with each petal breaded ready to dip in their horse-radish sauce and their coconut shrimp were huge and again fried to perfection.
They are known for their value and their steaks which are perfectly done which makes for a wonderful meal.
Again a place that never lets me down when it comes to fantastic food and service.

Good steaks, good prices for Vegas Strip.
Robert was an excellent server.

I work at an Outback in Westminster, CA and was in Vegas with some coworkers when we decided to check out what Vegas's Outback had to offer.
To say we were disappointed would be a huge understatement.
The food was great, just what we're used to, but the service was awful.
Or at least our server was.
Joshua seemed to have write us off immediately.
We hadn't even ordered drinks and he already seemed to hate us.
He was completely rude and unattentive throughout our meal.
We all work in a restaraunt and were willing to understand that everyone has rough nights but then another one of his tables were seated right next to us and were quickly greeted with a smile and friendly conversation.
To put it simply, we were confused.
In the end, he didn't get the best tip and we concluded that he had discriminated against us because of our age range.
He was too quick to assume that we were just young kids drunk in Vegas.
We knew we were right when we saw the surprise and regret on his face when we informed him that we all work at Outback.
Anyways, if you're planning on going here and are seated with Joshua, I suggest you request another server.

Compared to my hotel, this was a steal.
Just down the street from MGM Grand.
$38.00 for a dinner buffet at the MGM, I don't think so.
Also, right next door is a Denny's that is a much better deal than the MGM.
Both of these are a ten minute walk from the MGM

This Outback Steakhouse is located right on the Las Vegas strip, which is great if you're looking for a less pricey bite to eat in the area.
It is located on the 4th floor and a few minutes away from MGM.
I did have a drink from Fat Tuesdays with me, which they could not allow inside.
However, they kept my drink in ice for me while I enjoyed my meal inside.
I thought that was a really nice gesture.
Our waiter was extremely friendly & although he messed up my friend's order, he was more than happy to fix things immediately.
My friends & I enjoyed the shrimp & crab cake appetizer that was very tasty.
I ordered the Outback special, which was steak and my side was mashed potatoes.
It was a really good meal.
Overall, no complaints.

The service from everyone else, except our server Eileen was great.
Food was ok.
The prices semm to be much higher at this location, than off-strip locations.

Food: Of all the restaurants I have gone to that served bread while we waited for our entrees, Outback's bread is the best (slightly above Cheesecake Factory)!
For my entree, I had the grilled shrimp Caesar salad.
The dressing was lightly tossed into the salad, which made me happy because a lot of restaurants douse their salad with dressing.
The salad was enjoyable and was the right portion, but not something I'd return to order again.
I loved the croutons in it though.
My husband had the Porterhouse steak.
I'm not a fan of steak, but this one was very nicely seasoned and prepared well.
It even made me think perhaps I should have ordered a steak!
We also had the blackberry sangria which was nicely sweetened and refreshing, but the husband thought it was too sweet.
Atmosphere: Same as all the other Outback Steakhouses.
It is pretty popular.
When we left at 9, I still saw people coming in.
Service: We ate here on a Monday night.
We got there around 730 and were seated at 8.
Our server at the bar was extremely helpful and attentive.
Even though I was waiting for our table, she offered to get me a glass of water.
Our table server was quick, and she also let me have more bread after I finished it.
Two issues I had about the server though was: (1) I asked for my salad to have dressing on the side.
It arrived already tossed into the salad.
(2) We had dinner with a colleague and asked to split the check.
She did, but she put the colleague's drink on my and my husband's check.
(I thought it would be common sense to put the drink on there too and I won't have to specifically tell her what should be on each check.
) Overall, I had a good dinner and she was helpful when I asked for a takeout bag, so I let it go, but I'm still a little annoyed about those two points.
:)   Other: My napkin smelled moldy.
Thank goodness it was black.
If it was white, I think it would have looked horrendous.
Bottom Line: The experience at this Las Vegas location is no different from eating at any other Outback Steakhouse.
What stood out to me that evening were the double servings of bread, the sangria, the steak, and the croutons in my salad.

Surprisingly good for a chain restaurant on the Strip.
Extremely busy but the service was acceptable.
My salmon was as good as other locations - it just cost $4.00 more than ABQ a week ago,  still it offered dinner without slot machines.

My Boyfriend and I love coming here for one specific reason: CHICKEN.
TORTILLA.
SOUP.
Their chicken tortilla soup is so perfectly cheesy and delicious.
Sometimes, I'll find myself randomly craving that more than the steak!
The steak at Outback can either go one of two ways, perfectly seasoned and cooked just the way you want it, or tough and hard to eat.
I usually get my steak cooked to medium rare and it's always perfect in my eyes.
However, I've seen people complain to the restaurant about the meat being "too tough".
Fortunately, I've only had great experiences here!
The staff is usually very friendly and loves suggesting certain appetizers or things to compliment your steak.
Outback is a chain restaurant, and usually I don't care for anything belonging to a major chain, but this is my one exception.
I suggest you try it out, and hopefully you'll have a great steak experience too!

Yup it was great food and great service.
I would totally go again.
WHOOOTTT

While there are plenty of very expensive "real" steak houses available on the Las Vegas Strip, I find that Outback generally provides a good value and a comfortable expectation.
This location is the one with the entrance at the top of the "Coke bottle" elevator shaft down near the MGM Grand where we stayed.
Be warned, the prices are a lot higher than you are used to if you eat at Outbacks at home.
However, it is still a lot cheaper than other steak option on the strip, so capitalism runs it's course.
Overall, it was decent.
the food was good and well prepared, though the service was only so-so.
Now, that can certainly vary depending on your server, so you may have better luck.
For my trip, it was a short walk north from the MGM Grand, so it was quite attractive compared to other steak options.
If you are on the south end of the Strip and craving a decent steak dinner, this Outback is worth paying a visit.
Now, I can't close without mentioning that there is another one on the strip, further north inside the Casino Royale, across the street from the Mirage.
Overall, our experience there was better and we ate their earlier in our trip before a show closer to that location.
If you are located closer to the center of the strip, I would definitely recommend that one first.
If you are on the south end as we were, I don't know if it would be worth the extra walk unless you had other reasons to go that far.

Great music, good service (our server was very accomodating/attentive-always checking on us), reasonable pricing ($26 for a New York steak), and delicious food (my steak wasn't the best I've ever had BUT definitely yummy and hit the spot after a long day at the pool).
I would definitely come back next year.

Food was pretty standard..
Almost $60 for two of us not including the tip.
Our wait to be seated was about an hour.
They were missing quite a few items that you would usually find in an outback steakhouse in your neighborhood.
As to be expected in the strip the prices are more expensive.
I would pass on outback.. might as well hit up something you wouldn't find in your neighborhood if you're going to pay almost as must as some of the other restaurants in the strip.

Overall, we were not happy with our visit.
It was my mom, my boyfriend, and I dining tonight, and both my boyfriend and I work at a different Outback in California.
Right away we noticed the place was very clean and decorated much nicer than ours, however the menu was much more condensed and more expensive.
That's all part of Vegas though so we looked past it.
Unfortunately though, my mom's steak was over cooked.
The waiter was decent on checking with us but not amazing.
They did take the steak back and it came out in an ok time frame.
However, the manager, Josh, brought it out and did not introduce himself or apologize.
The new steak was fine, and the rest of our food was all good as well.
As we work at another location, we get an employee discount which they honored though had some trouble so Josh came to our table again, and we did let him know we were disappointed with his lack of hospitality.
We were not looking to have anything comped off of our bill but typically a manager will offer that or a dessert so we let him know it seemed unprofessional.
He then offered a cheesecake (though we declined..simply hope he can improve for future patrons.
) Overall, the place is alright but a disappointment in customer service.

Love this place...
The girl and I come in whenever we are craving certain things because we get the same thing every time.
Small order of the cheese fries for an app which are my ABSOLUTE favorite!
I don't care what anyone says, Outback has the best ranch dressing and it just makes the cheese fries so good and fattening!
Then I get a side salad and she gets the chicken tortilla soup which are both great!
For an entree we share the ribeye with broccoli!
The steak is so juicy and good and the broccoli is so soft and salty!
Just about love everything we get here and it's like our go to spot for a quick laid back steak dinner!

a great alternative when u get tired of being gouged for price.
we typically don't eat chan restaurants but outback is our only exception.
as usual food quality was great.
service is always good however, Douglas was one the best of the various outbacks that we have experienced.
great Job Douglas!

As usual, great steaks.
I had a large ribeye that I couldn't finish.
My wife had a filet.
Both were good cuts.
The view is from the 4th floor overlooking the strip.
Nice to see the crowds and not hear or be in the middle of them at the same time!
Great place at 4-5 in the afternoon to eat supper before a show that night.

This is my second time visiting this particular Outback.
It was fantastic the last time I came here and it was fantastic this time.
We sit at the bar because it's a good atmosphere and the bartenders are quite pleasant to be around.
Chad and Lindsey were our bartenders.
They were able to keep up with all of the patrons at the bar and the orders coming in from the tables and the large wedding party all while staying cheerful and humorous.
I ordered Victoria's Filet with the Parmesan Herb Crust cooked medium rare.
I got a side salad and the mixed vegetables.
The steak was juicy, tender and perfectly cooked.
The herb crust was phenomenal.
The herbs used were my favorite herbs (especially the rosemary) and the breading was light and crunchy.
The side salad was fresh and I got their 1000 Island dressing with it.
It's not often that you find a 1000 Island with an"eggy" taste, but this one had it and I do search for it at times.
I loved it.
The vegetables were also well cooked and well seasoned.
I also got 2 Blackberry Sangrias.
They were sweet and refreshing.
A perfect meal for the end of our vacation.

We ate dinner here recently after visiting the coke store downstairs.
The service and food were good.
The room was very small and shaped like a triangle so it made getting out of the room to get to the bathroom difficult.
The servers and customers would collide and one server nearly tripped and fell on my 2-year-old as I walked her to the bathroom.

BEST stake for under $20

I am usually a fan of Outback.
Consistant quality/Service.
But this experience at this location was especially poor.
My buddy and I arrived at 7:00 pm and promptly ordered two Prime Rib dinners.
But the Front of House manager came to our table an d told us they they were out of Prime Rib, and offered us Ribeyes, but we would have to pay the higher price.
First, how does an established restaurant run out of Prime Rib so early in the evening?
And when the wait staff hasn't been informed to inform the customer, who wouldn't eat the difference in price since it was the restaurants fault for not properly planning?
I would never recommend this Outback to anyone.
Poorly managed.
Our server was even appalled that they were out so early.

This is an Outback Steakhouse like any other .. except it's in Las Vegas .. on the Strip .. and you know what that means (maybe)?!
Service.
Exceptional service.
Our waitress treated both of our families like royalty, bringing whatever we needed, when we needed it.
Sure it was a bit hectic at times, and she brought extra things we didn't need (sometimes, even the wrong drinks) but it's the heart that I admired.
On top of that, the food was good but somehow the quality of the steaks just weren't quite there - like the ones we would order at home.
All in all though, steaks - how do you go wrong?

