How did they come to this?
"Tag's" used to be one of my favorite Italian haunts back in the day.
The food quality has suffered so much over the years and Im not even sure they are aware of it.
I got a coupon yesterday for 20% off and figured what the hell, will be in the 'hood.
Got a baked spaghetti, and a bbq chicken stromboli.. the sauce on the spaghetti was pretty bland.. this was my "go to" dish before they started sucking.
The meatballs were well cooked but the spaghetti itself was pretty tasteless as well.
The bbq chicken stramboli was a hot mess.
I'm VERY particular about chicken, especially when its precooked and hanging out.. the chicken breast was tender but very old, you could taste the fridge funk!
Their bbq sauce isn't really bbq sauce, just some weird sweet goo.. no real texture to this dish, very disappointing.
I'm so disappointed with them right now Ill probably never go back.
There was a time and a place when they were pretty awesome.. however since expanding they've just never been the same.
Expansion sucks!

We enjoy Tagliani's several times a year and mostly really do enjoy it.
We have never had a complaint about their food (quality or certainly quantity!).
Occasionally the service is not a prompt as it could be but certainly nothing to avoid the place.
We almost always have leftovers and the pasta is almost better the second meal.
I see Alex's review was not as positive and I did not eat at the other locations to compare, but honestly if this is bad, the others must be even better?
:)  I don't think you will be disappointed with a visit to Tagliani's!

"Tag's" is now back to its original excellence!
Wow, this location was huge compared to the others and cute as ever, I've been coming to Tagliani's basically my entire life with my family.
It's that perfect place you'd want to take a date to, withOUT breaking the bank.
I've never been let down, although I love the food here I see what Alexander may be trying to get at, I've experienced a small fluctuation with the consistency between the locations this last year or so.
So the inquisitive man i am, I started asking some questions about why things were different.
The response i received was about a year and a half ago the owner was in a serious car accident and has been recovering slowly over this time.
I asked recently how he was doing and hes starting to get back into things, and the quality is now to my knowledge is what it's always been.
I always resort to the Chicken Parmesan and have always loved that dish, but if you want something unique to Tagliani's and you like spicy order the Chicken Dynamante has a sauce made out of pepperoncini's soo good, or the Spicy Rigatoni, both are awesome and must try.
The ciabatta bread is excellent but if your a fan of foccacia you have to ask for it.
Also 32 oz mugs of beer what else could you ask for.
By far one the best Italian joints on the west side!

I have been to the Tag's in North Phoenix, so I was excited to see if this West side one is good as the original.
Been to this location twice, once with a group of 12 for dinner and once with my husband for lunch.
Both times we had great food and excellent service.
Had the chicken fettuccine for dinner and had the chicken parmesan sandwich for lunch.
YUM for both visits.
Going back soon!

Been back several times and never regret it at all!
Very good and consistent food with good quality ingredients and flavor!
We almost always have leftovers and they are just as good the next day!

Ok.
I have been missing out.
I have never tried their pizza.
My brother and I stopped in for Sunday lunch after shopping.
It was pretty empty (I hope business picks up for them).
Anyways, I ordered the regular 14th ST. Special (oval thin pie loaded with sausage, mozzarella, parmesan, & romano.
OMG!
It was SO good.
I keep telling my brother to take it.
He did, and he eat 2 slices.
YUM, YUM, YUM!!!!
Next I need to drag my husband in to try it!

Been back several times after the March 2010 review.
This weekend I was finally there with my husband.
He tried the pizza and loved it!
I got my usual 14th Street Pizza, but this time it is SPICY!
My mouth was on fire and I was coughing.
Got the attention of the waitress and told her that I have had this pizza several times and it was never spicy.
The Manager saw something wrong, and she came by to find out what she could do.
They made another pizza for me.
The second pizza was GREAT.
A little disappointed that the food was not consistent.
Sorry, need to bring it down to 4 stars.

