best place for dinner!
all u can eat salad with large portion of entree and bread!
one of my favourite place to hv roast beef and lobster tail!
line up during Friday and Saturday dinner.. prices are reasonable!
must go!

Absolutely the worst restaurant in town, I cannot believe it is still in business.
The place is so outdated; it looked like a scene from The Shining.
All I could smell when I walked in the door was cigarette smoke.
When I passed the salad bar it looked like none of the food had been changed in hours, maybe even days.
When we were seated the first thing I noticed was a few dead flies in the window sill and about a quarter inch of dust on all the fake plants and the window sill.
All the glassware and silverware were covered in smudges and fingerprints, which is one thing if you're eating at your local East Side's but at a restaurant where the average plate is $35.00-$40.00 or more I would expect clean cutlery and dishes at the very least.
When the food came several of us had ordered the New York Striploin and yet no 2 plates looked the same.
Some cuts of steak were thick and short, some were thin and long, they were all cooked rare even though they were all requested at different temperatures with one being well done.
One of my fellow diners had to send her salmon back twice and it still wasn't cooked thoroughly so she gave up and ate the veggies, that quite frankly tasted frozen.
When we told the waitress about the undercooked meals she seemed almost offended and was defensive about the issue and reluctant to take them back.
Also I should say when the food was brought back to the kitchen it came back with the meat having been re-heated and the sides all cold.
All in all I would say this restaurant was a terrible waste of money and if it weren't for the good company the evening would have been a write off too.
I would not recommend going to Golf Steakhouse because it is significantly over priced and the food, décor and atmosphere seem to have come out of a totally different era.

Picture walking into a traditional steakhouse of the 80s and you have the Golf Steakhouse.
The view over the Grand River adds to this ambiance.
This place is not a Barbarians but I recommend them based on the quality verses price ratio.
You will not be disappointed based on the amount of food and there is something for everyone.

I've been to the Golf Steakhouse several times and Have never been disappointed in the high quality Of the steaks , ribs, chicken and fish.
The Golf has a good Variety in their salad bar and some really cool Desserts as well!
I always leave a e good tip as the service is of the highest quality!

I have been to Golf's Steak House numerous times with my family to celebrate special occasions.
I think overall it is a good place, although sadly the highlight is the all you can eat salad bar.
All of the mains are decent, and they are reasonably priced for a steak house, but it won't be the best you have had by a mile.
Years ago I was briefly vegetarian and we went here.
There was a few vegetarian options, and I got the cabbage rolls.
The chefs at the time had absolutely no clue when it came to vegetarian food.
There was no significant protein within the roll.
No beans.
No quinoa.
Nothing.
I was very hungry soon after.
I've had the shrimp and scallops before, and those were good I think.
I've also had the ribs there, and they were okay, but you will find way better ribs at the KW Ribfest.
Though I don't regret ordering the ribs.
It's basically a more reasonable Charcoal Steakhouse.
And that's not a bad thing!

Great place to eat....never been disappointed and service has always been exceptional.
Food is fresh, hot and made to order.

I have been here for many occasions as well and I have yet to be disappointed!
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner and we had chateaubriand.
It was absolutely amazing, perfectly executed and buttery tender steak.
I highly recommend ordering this on your next visit because the table-side serving of this dish is so special, and the staff is very attentive and will do everything to go the extra mile :)

Golf's is a great place to eat.
It's bit more upscale, but not overly pretentious.
The restaurant is family owned and they are amazing.
They frequently come around to ensure everything is well and you've enjoyed your meal.
The prices are very good given this is a steakhouse and the salad bar is amazing.
It has everything you could possible want.
I'm not a meat eater, but I have heard from multiple people that the Prime Rib is outstanding.
We had it at my wedding reception - which was held here - and everyone raved about the meal including the Prime Rib!

