I've been coming here since my business is across the street.
Nothing special here sets it apart from other Best Buys, positively or negatively.
I like how most of the employees now have walkie-talkies so they don't have to run around looking for answers if they don't know what I'm asking them for.
I went there last night and I was surprised to find a very good selection of whatever it is your looking for, whether it be e-Readers, cellphones, or cameras.
They also claim to have the most laptops under one roof, so if you're in the market for one, it wouldn't be a bad idea to stop by a Best Buy.
One extra star on top of an A-Ok because one thing I do like about Best Buy is that if you buy lot of games or electronics, you accrue a lot of Reward Zone points and in turn Rewards bucks.
I cashed in 145 dollars worth of stuff last night.
I'm only a Silver member, and Best Buy is really good about sending you real offers and member-exclusive events.
So far I've been given chances to go see the last Twilight movie that came out as a private screening and several private sales they have just for the members.

Lookin at open box deals.
Ok this is the first time ever someone asked if we need any help.
Actually 2 nice employees did.
Hopefully this service continues because I don't know where the heck things are.

Never shopping here again, they have the worst customer service.
Not only do they have these ridiculous policies that makes it absolutely impossible to return or exchange, on top of that they make you feel like they are doing you a favor even when you are within your right (according to their policy) to return or exchange.
They do not care about the customer.
They are polite and all smiles, but with following comments like, "sorry there's nothing I can do.
Want me to get the manager?".
Just so you can be told the same thing all over again.
They will not work with you but against you.
First time and last time I shop at a BestBuy.
Their policies are strictly for their own benefit not the costumer.
"Hello, buy our stuff now eff off!
" With a big middle finger.
Added info-- Went to a different Best Buy with my problem to see if i would be told something different and they were actually expecting me.
The first best buy I went to, I guess, called all nearby Best Buy about expecting a certain person with my problem.
They asked me if I was at that location and if I was that person.
Wow.
They do go all out to make sure you don't get any help.
Ridiculous.
Lol.

I do not know why I keep coming back to this Best Buy it has the absolute worse customer service of any Best Buy.
I guess I keep expecting things to change, well if they do they only change for the worse at this Best Buy

We went to get the a phone for the daugther.
We got someone to talk to us right away but after they sold us the phone and service, we had to wait 15 mins before someone can check us out.
They don't have a system or a line so people are kind of wandering and leaning displays everywhere.

Poor customer service, lines are always long, overpriced merchandise.
I stood waiting in the laptop department waiting to PURCHASE a new laptop and it took well over 10 minutes for me to even be acknowledged.
Tip, brose laptop choices in-store, make purchase online.

So I bought a Bluetooth a couple of days ago and my newly adopted Chihuahua chewed it up.
I was so so sad, but when I brought it into Best Buy they let me exchange it under my warranty amazing!!!
Thank you Maria at Best Buy!!

Returned a new PC after a few days when I found that the CD drive was defective during setup.
They made me go back myself and get another unit and bring it to customer service which took twenty five minutes because it had to be pulled from a top shelf and all (2) of the sales staff were busy.
Then they charged me $80 for a data transfer of what I had already setup.
Later when I found out they just switched hard drives they gave me a $30 dollar refund.
Two weeks later someone calls and wants to know what to do with the extra keyboard and mouse.
Grrrrr.
Trip after trip and $50 extra for a new PC.
Get it together BB.
The only reason I didn't buy online was for customer service.

The Avondale Bestbuy location is just absolutely horrible.
From the reps at the customer service counter with sass and attitude.
To asking for something as simple as assistance in a department, waiting fifteen minutes and still not getting help.
This is just plain ridiculous.
I have been an elite plus member for years.
(I ask myself why) and I am finally fed up with the way I am treated as a customer here.
I was going to buy a high dollar item today but without the proper service or coverage,  I will gladly take my money and my business elsewhere.
This place has continually gone downhill.
They need new management or staff...someone more capable than breathing to run this store.

Came here looking to buy a new laptop , I swear I'm here every other weekend buying something .
I don't think I've ever been helped with any purchases , bought our xbox one here , printer , and bose speaker , tonight we came for a laptop , we we're in the laptop area for about 20 mins without being acknowledged, then finally a girl came over to ask if we were still doing fine.
Kind of irritated by that time , 15 mins more and they started turning off the lights , not caring that we were still in there .

