Rather nondescript.
You can find this place all over the country but it might be called something else.
You know the place you go to that serves generic Chinese foods that won't kill you, but will not thrill you either.
If one is just too hungry to drive another mile down the road, this is the place for you.
aYUP it is ok, just ok.

Decent Chinese food if you are in a hurry.
Dining room is clean and very industrial looking like Chipotle with lots of stainless steel.
Prices are reasonable, service is quick, and the employees seem helpful.
Good variety of Chinese favorites similar to a Panda Express, nothing exotic, food was hot and fresh.
I got a large Mongolian beef for lunch and it was more than enough food for one person, added a little soy sauce and it was a good meal.
I will eat here again.

+Good price for portions +Nice and clean interior for dining in +Military discount +Friendly service -Selection of entrees a little small

Reminds me a lot of Panda Express.
It was decent food, the service was good, and I would go back.
They are set up like panda, they have a lot of the similar items, unfortunately no brown rice.
The restaurant it's self is very clean.
It's in a great location too, lots of stuff in the immediate area.
Check it out!

Chop Chop Chinese Restaurant has great food and great service, along with incredibly reasonale prices.
The employees at the restaurant are so friendly.
Our family really enjoys their food.

I drove by because I happened to be hungry, and it was there.
When I walked in , it reminded me a lot of Panda Express, except, I'd rather had eaten at Panda.
The place was clean and quite, but I think I may have gone on a not so good day.
I had the orange chicken, and it was a little chewy and rubbery as if it had been sitting under that lamp for too long.
The egg roll had a weird taste, then again, when I went, I was pretty much given the scraps that were left.
IF, I decide to go back, hopefully it will be better.

Always good!
We love the chow mien.
It's like Panda Express, but better.

Always good!
We love the chow mien.
It's like Panda Express, but better.

This place is like a cheap version of panda express and the food is on display which makes the taste even worse.
The taste of the food is horrible an theres another Chinese restaurant across the street called tasty asian kitchen that serves food way better than chop chop.
I recommend tasty asian kitchen.

Stopped by for lunch today with my son.
He likes chinese food, and he likes this place.
So instead of going to subway (my first choice) I decided to take him where he likes.
We've eaten here more than a few times.
Once was even close to closing time, and they happily made fresh items as they were out of a few things.
Today when we get there, they were not busy at all and as usual for a slow time, not all the items were full.
No biggie, I know they'll make more if need be, but it's always kind of weird to see a huge pan only half/quarter full of items.
My son had the Orange chicken with chow mein and I had Orange chicken, kung pao and fried rice.
The rice and chow mein were good.
My kung pao chicken had something burnt in it.
I couldn't tell want was burnt, but I could taste it.
I finished my orange chicken, which seemed really dry this time, and took a bite of my son's.
I had to spit the whole piece out, it still had a huge section of bone in it.
The sweet and sour sauce seemed watered down.
As we were finishing up eating, my 11 y/o son looks at me and says "dang dad, chop chop has really gone down hill", I had to agree with him.
I'm not sure if this was just an off day for them, or if it was just the slow lunch hour, but I'll likely think twice before I spend money here again.

The chop chop chicken is really good too!
It's grilled with lots of char and teriyaki sauce added if you want.

I like the Chop Chop Chicken

Not good.
Clearly a copy cat of Panda Express.
Many empty pans so I wasn't sure what I could order.
Once our orders were half fixed a call for a take out order was called in.
The owner took the call while our food sat there.
What happened to taking care of the money in front of your face?
The copy of orange chicken is bad.
The "chop chop chicken" is a chicken breast that had been sitting under a cover for too long.
The crab Rangoon are a joke, only cream cheese at best.
Spider webs under chairs should of been our clue.
We are really in a loosing stretch lately.
We will stick to Panda Express when we are seeking Chinese fast food.

