We had an exceptionally great meal here.
I had not been to Italy at that point but would later realize that like many of Rome's sidewalk cafes, the food is fresh, aromatic and so delicious.
Above is a ceiling painted to appear like the sky.
You will find it after walking past all the shops and if your lucky you will pass living statues and people dressed in baroque/Renaissance costumes.
It is very entertaining to sit 'outside' eventhough it only looks like you're outside.
The prices are great for it being Vegas.

This is our must eat at place every single time we're in vegas.
Prices are very reasonable, very affable owner and servers, free garlic bread (you have to pay about three bucks for each one at Tintorretto, ouch!
), nice homey ambiance and you get to people watch.
The food is hot and tasty, and more than enough to even share.
This is our number 1 place in vegas.

I have mixed feelings about this Trat.
Visiting Las Vegas last week, we wanted an intimate dinner before seeing The Phantom at the Venetian, and the Trattoria Reggiano is only a moment's walk from the theater.
In light of the other reviews here, it seemed an inspired choice.
It was less than that.
On arrival, on a not-terribly-busy Thursday evening after the theater - about 9 PM - it looked terribly inviting: Tables in the walkway as if a true Italian trat, and a few booths and tables inside near the open kitchen.
Charming.
We asked the Maitre' d for a booth (it helps my hearing, which is very poor), and were told we would not have it, and were shown to a table inside by the wall.
OK, but a disappointment, even though it saved me $10 top to the Maitre' d, who seemed oblivious.
Delicious bread, with decent oil and vinegar, rapidly arrived, as did our waiter, who I asked for a recommendation between the spaghetti with meatballs ("filet mignon") and the linquine bolognese.
"Eh!
" He said.
"It's the same sauce, just not in a meatball.
"  Ummmm.
The staff says the food is the same?
Disquieting.
My pasta and my wife's Ziti arrived almost immediately, as we were still on our first piece of bread.
Good service is not the same as fast service; this isn't Pasta Now, but a relaxing meal.
Still, it was hot and freshly prepared.
The Bolognese was tasty, and (as usual) I ate half, expecting to take it back to our room for lunch the next day.
My wife, who eats like a bird, ate about a quarter of her Ziti, and as the second waiter came to remove our dishes, I said, "It was delicious, but we want to take it with us.
" He nodded and left.
A few moments later, our waiter returned with a check - strangely, for an Italian restaurant, without asking if we wanted dessert - and I asked, "Where is our food.
" I got blank looks; the second waiter said, "Thrown out.
"  Argument follows.
Finally, the headwaiter said, "Wait.
We'll recook for you.
" This time, it takes longer, but when the bag returns, there are two tins inside; I look in the top one, and find bread.
"Where is my linguine?
" I ask.
Blank looks all over again.
More argument.
Finally, another recook, we take the food, and leave.
The service is obviously challenging, perhaps due in part to there being several languages and accents going on among the staff.
The food was good, but not great; the meat sauce lacked seasoning (garlic is not all there is in this world).
The Ziti was nice, but as it sat on the table, the cheese started changing from gentle yellow to bright orange.
"Cheese powder, perhaps?
" said my wife.
But it was good, albeit a bit incandescent in appearance.
The ambiance was very good, with a slight hint of New York Italian as a result of the dark stained booths.
Overall, better than the food court next door, but not the place for the intimate and relaxing after-theater supper that many might wish.

I was disappointed when I came here!
I came here because we wanted some food after a long night and somewhere close!
We were staying at the venetian and we also wanted something not too pricey as well!
We came here and all their dishes were around $20 or so.
I got the vodka pasta which was ok.
Nothing great.
The boyfriend got the pizza which was way too cheesy!
I don't think I'd be returning to this place in the future.

I loved this little restaurant in the main shops area at the Venetian.
We went there for lunch and it wasn't crowded; not sure about dinner time though.
It was small and cozy with enough tables to fit all 6 of us girls.
The garlic rolls were free flowing (huge pieces of rolls) and the plates are big enough to share.
We ordered four dishes: the lobster ravioli lunch special, spaghetti and meatballs, prosciutto di parma pizza (absolutely my fav) and the chicken balsamic salad.
We even packed some up for the night.

We were starving after catching The Blue Man Group and decided to stay in the Venetian for dinner.
The restaurants in St. Mark's Square were buzzing and had at least 20-30 minute waits, so we decided to give Trattoria Reggiano a try.
It is off the main canal areas and is definitely lacking atmosphere compared to many of the other Venetian eateries.
I had hoped the tucked away location would mean excellent food to make up for the lack of glam, but unfortunately the restaurant didn't deliver.
My husband's wood fired pizza was good and had great flavor & tasty crisp crust, but my meatball panini was more like a hoagie and was just ok.
The meatballs lacked flavor and the hoagie style bun ended up soggy.
I definitely regretted not going for the pizza!
I felt it was pricey for the quality.
There are so many wonderful restaurants in Vegas that I would choose another.
Trattoria Reggiano left me wanting more.

Due to our meager mini-meal at Japonais, we came to Trattoria Reggiano to fill our stomachs.
We were seated right away in the last open booth, which was perfect for the 4 of us.
It is very cozy on the inside, yellow walls with lots of framed black and white pictures.
There are also several tables outside.
The bread basket looked very promising but it definitely would have been better if warm.
You get a whole bottle of olive oil and balsamic vinegar to mix at your own will.
We ordered the Pizza Margherita and the pasta with vodka cream sauce and proscuitto.
Both were very delicious!
The pizza was very hot and satisfying, and the pasta was flavorful.

Finished a spa afternoon at Canyon Ranch Spa in the Venetian, was thinking of going up to my room to get some preparty zzz's but the smell of olive oil and garlic coming from the tiny little paper stand size Trattoria Reggiano pulled me in like a fish with a hook in it's mouth.
As I approach I see two italian guys (one a manager, the other a venetian executive) talking, the waiter is italian, and the 3 groups of people who are sitting at the florentine style lunch tables are italian.....where the hell am I again????
oh right, cheesey version of italy and italians are eating here...done and done.
Sit down, get a glass of Nero d'alvola and some unbelievably garlicy buttered bread with smooth peppery olive oil and thick not at all vinegary balsamic (good quality for you neophytes).
I could of had the bread and wine and called it a day...but I didn't...good thing.
We had the warm spinach salad with goat cheese and it was perfect as well as splitting the Linguine Alle Vongole in Marinara... littlenecks very fresh (lived in Boston for last 4 years and these smelled and tasted like the ocean) and perfect arrabbiata style marinara.
Cannoli was crunchy and filled on location.
Espresso not that great for a place that has so many italians in it, compared to the places in italy i've had coffee, but slight oversight maybe.
Being so close to our neighbors I made a comment about the caprese looking awesome...and they gave me some, I felt rude but I ate it anyway because it was really good.
Moist mozzarella, red soft straight from garden smelling tomatoes and large pieces of basil with same awesome Balsamic....it was a perfect mid lunch/dinner and will go again when i'm back up in Vegas.

This place was amazing.
The pastas are delicious.
There was a spaghetti with this wonderful garlic sauce, roasted peppers and, roasted garlic.
The pizzas are wonderful as well.

After a long day in the vegas heat, me and my girlfriend were starving, tired and needing someplace to eat.
We headed to the Venetian since she knew some good places there.
Unfortunately all of the places she wanted to go to had long waits and we just wanted someplace to sit down and eat good fun.
We were almost ready to eat at the food court when we saw this small italian cafe right next to the coffee bean.
I looked at the menu and the prices were perfect, with everything under 15 dollars, best of all, no wait and we were seated immediately.
Instantly garlic bread balls were brought out and they were amazing.
The service was incredible, it felt like we were in someones home even though we were a few feet from the food court.
We split a caeser with nice big chunks of italian cheeses along with a simple pasta and it was the perfect meal.
I recommend it to anyone who just wants a place that is nice, easy and reasonably priced.

We stayed at the Venetian in August for our anniversary and were looking for a place to eat for lunch on our last day in Vegas.
This place is hidden away close to the Food Court area and behind a few of the shops on Canal street.
There is a outside sitting area where you can watch people walking by and some booths inside.
The GF and I were craving some pizza and the pies looked good (yes I was looking at peoples food while walking by :-p).
So we decided to stop in for lunch, it was quiet as it was a Tuesday afternoon.
We sat in a cozy booth and it was quite comfortable.
They brought us some garlic rolls with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
The rolls were just ok, but they were free so no complaints from me.
We shared the Pepperoni and olive pizza.
It was quite a tasty pizza, the sauce was really good, and tasted great with the peperoni's.
I was quite impressed with how good the crust was, thin and crunchy, not too doughy.
It was the perfect size pizza for the two of us and I was not overly stuffed when we left.
While we were eating an Italian tourist came in speaking Italian to the wait staff, for a second we felt as we were in Italy.
Our waitress was great, attentive and provided to the atmosphere.
Overall a good experience, would I eat here again if i was in Vegas?
Probably not but that is not because of the food or service but simply because there are too many place to try in Vegas.
Why eat at the nearby food court when this is right next to it?
If you're looking for an relatively inexpensive, tasty meal, I would definitely recommend Trattoria's.

Venetian is full of Italian restaurants, but this one stood out for us to try because it was small and intimate.
It turned out to be a very enjoyable dining experience, a vegas-sized "street side" intimate dinner.
We had simple pasta dishes cooked right (al dente!
) and having reasonable prices made it even better.
=)  The waiter even had an Italian accent.
cute!
woot.
Conclusion:  Simple dishes for a decent price with a satisfied stomach p.s.
We should have been smart like other couples and SPLIT ONE pasta dish, instead of being lil' piggies and ordering one each.
hahahhahaha

Small place but the food is amazing!
Our entire party agreed this was the best food we have had in Vegas.
We are not ones to eat at high dollar places that are more than 30 dollars for an entree.
Didn't have to wait at all and service was prompt.
All meatballs and meat in sauces is filet mignon and those were the best meatballs I have ever had in my life.
My only grip is the price for beverages like soda and it is not fountain but just small glass bottles.
I assumed no refills but I didn't ask.
Enjoyed my Pepsi and water.
Beer is the same as everywhere else.
Either drink water or be willing to pay.
I will have to eat here every time I go back to Vegas.

Food was excellent.
I had the spaghettti pomodoro and my husband had the spaghetti puttanesca.
I really liked the sauce.
The wait was less than twenty minutes but the host served a group of people to their seats before us - that made me angry because we had been waiting and they had just arrived.
The meals arrived quickly and the dinner rolls were yummy too.

Oh my...their bread was amazing though oily.
But they were so soft and warm I couldn't stop eating them.
When the main courses came out, I was almost full.
I ordered a pasta dish with chicken and mushroom.
The sauce was so good.
The chicken was tender.
My boyfriend had the beef spagetti.
Both dishes had no fault.
It is a small restaurant but very Italian like with the design and location.
I loved coming here to spend the night having dinner here.

Everyone that worked there was Italian, at an Italain restaurant.
How could it be bad?
The only thing to keep it from 5 stars, the bottle of wine ordered with diner was on the warm side.

We've been back to Vegas a few more times since my last review and have tried our place each time of course.
Unfortunately, things seem to go down a little bit more each time.
I didn't want to believe it at first thinking they were just having a day off, but after three subsequent not so great visits, I really have to knock down the stars from the 5 to a 3.5.
The bread used to be served hot; but now they're cold, hard even.
The last two pizzas we ordered had way burnt crusts, and adding meatballs to a dish was way way overpriced - 4 bucks EACH meatball!!!
This used to be destination eating, but now it's an "oh if we're in the area and want italian" place for us.

I've walked past this little gem many times while at the Venetian.
When we trying to decide on a late lunch, we both thought of Trattoria Reggiano and decided to give it a try.
We were both pleased that we did.
It reminded us of a small italian family place with great food and a great staff complimented by a cute setting.
We had salads and shared a pizza.
It was really a great choice.
Trattoria Reggiano, ya done good!
Thanks for a great dinner.

Located inside the Venetian, where the shops are, around the corner from Barney's tucked in a little corner is a cute little Italian Restaurant called Trattoria Reggiano.
The tables decor consists of Balsamic Vinegar and Olive Oil.
This restaurant seats maybe 25 people tops with table in the restaurant tightly packed in and a few tables set up outside the restaurant in the mall area for you people watchers.
Yes, of course I'm a people watcher and who wouldn't want to be while your in Las Vegas.
I decided on the spaghetti and meatballs but as our server took his sweet time bringing us our waters, I had changed my mind and now it was set on a pizza.
They brought us bread which was really very good bread.
We made a dipping sauce with olive oil and balsamic vinegar which was on the table.
Holy Cow, that balsamic vinegar was delicious!
Our server said that the balsamic vinegar was brought in especially for this restaurant.
Very nice.
So, the table next to us ordered the spaghetti and meatballs.
It looked and smelled fabulous.
I was pissed I didn't order it.
I know they ordered it to rub it in my face a little, just kidding.
Seriously it looked awesome.
As I sat there being mad at myself for changing my order last minute, here came our server with our food: Marghertia Pizza, Pizza with Pepperoni and Mushrooms, and the Tortellini Alfredo.
One word = Delicious.
The food was really good!
I highly recommend this place.
Our server was from, Siciliy and was extremely authentic.
If you are shopping at the Venetian and your stomach starts to growl, check this place out.
One thing I did pick up on while I was in Las Vegas.... the Italian food is absolutely amazing.
I will definitely return to this restaurant on my next vacation to Las Vegas!
Cheers and Enjoy!

The food is delicious, the prices reasonable, the service friendly.
Get the Bruschetta Pizza or the ziti.
We go here everytime we go to Vegas.
A perfect spot for a solid lunch.

given the location of this place, I have passed it 10000 times since starting at The V....
I have heard from a number of people that it was good and man... they didnt lie...
I had the calamari and chicken marsala.... everything was cooked perfectly and our server was very efficient.
I will definitely head back sometime soon!
Very impressed.

Do not walk by!!!
Go in to eat here.
Delicious!!
We stayed at the Venetian for 3 nights and while shopping I kept walking by.
Finally I had a craving for spaghetti and meatballs....oh baby baby wow!!
From the garlic rolls dripping with olive oils ad garlic, to the house salad, to our spaghetti (mine with meatballs, the other with clams).
Given how expensive meals can be in Vegas, we averaged $100 each meal while here, our check was a surprising $75 including two glasses of wine.
Yeah!!
Now i can get my revenge on the blackjack tables.

This place was delicious, especially compared to everything I had consumed this past weekend in Vegas... it had to have been one of the best meals I had during my trip.
However, know that I had food at 7am like a crackhead without sleep, room service, nasty sushi and crawfish...
I ordered the Linguine with shrimp and my company ordered the spaghetti and meatballs.
Both yummy dishes and totally affordable on a Vegas budget.
Also, the service wasn't bad!
I read reviews here about the bad service, but our server was great!

Save yourself and eat somewhere else while you're in Vegas.The food was really mediocre.
It tasted like mall food court food yuck.
The service sucked, and the seating is awkward you sit outside amongst all the venetian shoppers.
The only good thing was the garlic bread

I was with the GF looking for a light lunch on our last day at the Venetian.
After scrolling some reviews, this place sounded good and convenient so we took a seat "outside.
"  It took us a while to find it since it's tucked away, but if you find the coffee bean, it's right there.
Wait staff was good and I'd give this place 4 stars if you want a quick pre-show bite or you're not worried about the ambiance.
That said, you're butted up against your neighbors and I was having to stare at a $150 gorilla suit and a crazy magician trying to sell a disappearing light that got old after 30 minutes (they have a magic shop next door).
NOT A GOOD DATE PLACE, it's a cafe.
The tables are small and a bit cluttered (I don't need an industrial size of balsamic and olive oil, but I do need a plate to put it in).
The garlic bread knots were good, but as stated below, room temperature which took a bit away from them.
I do not agree with the other reviews as I thought the balsamic vinegar is a bit sweet for my taste.
The GF got hot tea and it was a packet of the cheapest tea in existence (I don't know that they get many people asking for tea, so wont dwell on that one.
We started with the warm baby spinach with goat cheese on flat bread, it was ok, I'm not a big fan of flat bread that's soggy in dressing, but the first couple were decent.
We split the spaghetti with meatballs which equated to a meat ball each with spaghetti.
It wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about either.
In short, it's a decent quick & easy bite for relatively cheap in the Venitian.
For better Italian, check out Enoteca San Marco or Postrio's pasta dishes in St Mark's square.

I dined there four times in the last 2 years.
Excellent food, very small place and feels like a neighborhood place!
Not bad for a hotel restaurant, but on the good side is independent owned.
Fresh bread, flavorable, even naked!
Why serve with butter or oil/balsaic vinegar, nah not needed.
No need to lose one star, either great with or without.
Server were very helpful which wine by the glass to order.
Each time we ordered pasta.
Very consistence - on every item always has been hot and so fresh; perfectly al dente; flavorful, could have ordered 5 more dishes, but cannot and dont want to gain pounds!
Pizza were flavorful, crusty (need to request crispy), tasty and texture well balanced, and is also hot and fresh.
Some items were a bit overpriced, but yeah, its Las Vegas on the strip and there are no way to keep the cost down.
Well deserved recieving 5 stars!
Dont do start thinking I may be crazy, but its true...upon departing Las Vegas driving back home to Los Angeles, I paid my time (I stayed at the MGM which is about 20 minutes drive, plus park, walk) going back to Trat Reggiano just to order pizza to enjoy on my drive back.
Few hours later by the time I got hungry and it was time to eat,so the pizza was cold, but excellent and enjoyed it!
Yeah people call me snobby!
I am looking forward going back next month when I visit Las Vegas.
Keep it up!

I'm glad we decided to try out this tiny little eatery in the Venetian instead of one of the larger establishments.
It is a little difficult to find and spot, as it is so small.
We were a little apprehensive going in, as there was an angry would-be customer upset he had not been given an outside table that someone else snagged.
The host was unable to resolve the situation to the man's satisfaction, and he was very vocally unhappy as he left.
It wasn't a great way to start our experience, but once we had been seated, things turned around pretty quickly.
For one, the bread (as mentioned in many other reviews) is so awesome... drenched in buttery goodness and garlic!
It was perfect dipped in olive oil with a touch of balsamic.
They were out of the specific bottle of wine we ordered, but our knowledgable Italian server recommended a satisfactory alternative.
We chose to share the Warm Spinach Salad as an appetizer, and that was unforgettable.
It's served with a warm balsamic dressing and accented with toasted pecans, bacon and goat cheese over flatbread.
It was delightful, and it was quickly devoured.
I wish I had selected a different entree.
It's not that my Penne alla Vodka with sauteed shrimp was bad in any way... but it was not as great as, for example, the Linguine Carbonara that I sampled... and I also regret having not tried the filet mignon meatballs that many have raved about.
However, my dish was fine, and definitely passable.
We stayed quite late, but never felt rushed.
Our server was possibly the owner or manager, as he seemed to control what was happening in the restaurant, and was very knowledgable and friendly.
All in all, I am glad we chose to dine here instead of perhaps a better-known Italian restaurant.
It was a very nice experience.

This place is fantastic.
I'm so glad my friends and I stumbled upon it.
We were expecting a much bigger restaurant, and were very surprised to find it was so small and intimate.
Our host and waiter were very friendly and gave us honest feedback on our dinner choices.
All of the meals tasted fantastic but the swordfish I ordered was a bit dry.

A bit difficult to find but MAKE the effort - ask directions if needed!
Pasta primervera was fresh and light, linguine carbonara was fabulous, so were the meatballs.
Save room for dessert though tiramisu & homemade cannoli are to die for!!

A small restaurant with 20 tables so expect a wait.
It felt like a small tratorria in Italy.
The food and wine were well priced and very good.
The meatballs were flavorful and the sauce well balanced.

Quick and friendly service.
The atmoshere was excellent, with nice lighting and being able to do some people watching while enjoying a dinner.
The food was average at best.
Veal parm was good, but the sauce wasn't above average.
The spinach and zucchini soup was purred and very bland.
Chocolate mouse was tasty but too thick and rich instead if fluffy and light.
Chicken Marsala was overcooked and small.
Although I was disappointed in the food, the atmosphere made the experience worth a try.
I just don't think it lived up to authentic Italian cuisine.

I never would have considered this place if it hadn't been for Yelp.
Thanks Yelpers!
;)  Anyways, this place is tucked away at the end of the Canal Shoppes at the Venetian.
No, it doesn't have a big, neon sign and dim lighting.
But it does have FABULOUS food in HUGE portions for CHEAP in VEGAS.
FABULOUS.
HUGE.
CHEAP.
VEGAS.
YES!!!
I enjoyed the Penne in Vodka Sauce much more than I did the Linguine Carbonara, though that was really good as well.
But by the time I was getting really full, the Carbonara was getting too rich and cheesy, so the Penne was a bit lighter and therefore tastier to me.
Service was friendly and the people there are very non-pretentious and warm.
The bread at the beginning, although a bit on the greasy side, was great too!
Nice place to eat a meal without killing your wallet in Vegas :)

Fresh and the best Itailian food you will get that is the closest to being to Italy!!
Garlic rolls are awesome!!!
All the salads and pasta dishes are wonderful, especially the meatballs!!
Everytime we come over to vacation in Vegas we make this a must have dinner on our list!!
Very small mom n pop place so big groups is not really ideal, keep it to 6 or less.
Small kids would be bored so be respectful and don't take them.
Good date night dinner place!

Wow--thank you fellow Yelpers for recommending this restaurant.
I stayed at The Venetian Resort in Las Vegas this week and did a bit of research regarding their restaurants before traveling there.
I then checked Yelp to see what was written about them--everyone was spot on!
The Trattoria Reggiano was just what I was looking for--their eggplant parmigiana and baked ziti were wonderful.
The garlic rolls that start things out are fabulous but also very filling , so go easy on them.
I wish their wine selection was a bit broader though.
I did enjoy a "Nero d'Avolo" (Sicilian wine) by the glass which was quite tasty--but, their selections overall were really limited.
We split a large cannoli for dessert and had a few Peroni's to wash everything down.
Italian is spoken there--cool!

super cute little spot hidden in the venetian canal shoppes.
only decided to check it out because of good reviews on yelp.
my friend and i came here for dinner on a monday night.
we were seated right away.
service was good.
the food was decently priced considering everything is so expensive in vegas.
good portions too.
the garlic bread they serve was yummy but a bit too greasy.
it tastes great dipped in olive oil and balsamic vinegar though.
i ordered the linguine with shrimp, my friend ordered the linguine carbonara.
based on all the comments about how good the meatballs were, we decided to get those as an appetizer.
definitely a good call on the meatballs.
=) the pastas were both good.
nothing spectacular with either dish.
the carbonara was a bit heavy since it had a white sauce.
we were way too stuffed to get any dessert.

There are really some great Italian places at the Venetian.
Surprise, Surprise!
The food at this place was great.
I LOVED the eggplant parm and the penne.
We also got some baked ziti, which I didn't particularly care for.
It wasn't bad, but the sauce/cheese combo just didn't jive with me.
The bread could have been good, but it was very cold; like they took it right out of the fridge.
I do want to call out that the waiter was kind of an ass.
It was strange, because he would do everything we asked and would return relatively politely, but whenever we asked for something he always grimaced, sighed, or pouted.
Very strange.
All the waiters here were old men.
Maybe he was just tired due to old age.
I don't know, but I found this strange and worth calling out.
And it wasn't just him; even the guy we talked to in terms of seating was pretty rude.
He said we could have this "inside" table right away and when asked about an outside "table" he rudely just said, "NO!".
The service is the only reason I bumped my review down to 3 instead of 4 stars.
There were at least a couple of other highly rated restaurants at this hotel.
I wish we had gone to one of those.
I'm sure they would've had great food AND service.
I don't know what it is, but I've been on a really bad streak with restaurant service.

We chose this place in the Venetian mostly because the other restaurants were SO loud!
My mother in law would have never been able to hear any of our conversation.
What a great surprise, the food was great!
Probably the best meal we had while we were in Vegas.
They were accommodating to a menu substitution and friendly from beginning to end.
It's not a destination place, the decor isn't going to wow you, but if you just want some great food then this is the place!

I rarely find myself in the mood for Italian, and after visiting this restaurant, I've realized that I've done myself a disservice.
I wonder why the restaurant occupies such a small space when in fact the experience it offers is absolutely sublime.
We didn't get very far past the garlic rolls to finish our ravioli and the spaghetti entree.
They were awesome in their own right, but what really stole the show were the rolls.
In fact, the garlic rolls were so awesome, we asked the service person to bag what rolls we couldn't finish.
To our delightful surprise in our hotel room, we realized they gave us a full serving of rolls!!!
The real server was our bus boy.
He was attentive to all of our needs and was practically a super serving robot.
Our waiter, not so much.

Great food.
Get the meatballs.
They are the best I have ever had.
Pasta was perfectly cooked.
Clam sauce was light with excellent flavor.
Canoli was amazing.
Only reason it doesn't get five stars is the ambiance is lacking.

This was soooooo good!
It was by far my favorite meal in Vegas.
I enjoyed everything I tasted--the garlic knots, calamari, salad, and cappelini pomodoro.
What a lovely meal!
I'll definitely make a point to go back here if I'm ever in Vegas again.

Started strong but the lackluster service.
With all the options Vegas has to offer, move on unless you're really tired and hungry (as I was).
Garlic rolls were good but oily and cold.
Linguine in white clam sauce was average.
Started this review months ago and didn't realize I haddn't finished it.
Thinking back on my experience I remember the tea/coffee stall and Quiki-mart next to the restaurant, the rude waiter and slow service and i still think I would have been happier with a soft pretzel and an ice tea from the place we passed on the way there.

For our last night in Vegas we were looking for something a little on the cheap.
The roulette wheel was not kind to us.
The Venetian website listed this as a casual dining place in the one $ price range so it seemed like it'd be the perfect place.
For two glasses of wine, some meatballs for an app, and two pasta dishes we walked out $90 poorer.
When you start approaching the $100 range I'm thinking of a decent place back home on Federal Hill in Providence or the North End in Boston.
While Trattoria Reggiano wasn't bad, it certainly wasn't worth it.
It's a small place with some very crowded tables outside the restaurant.
We were quickly seated at one of these and it had all the atmosphere of a mall food court.
By the end of the meal I felt as I intimately knew the couple on the side of us because we could easily hear the conversation as well as we could hear our own.
Luckily the small children on the other side of us were extremely well behaved because being stuffed so closed to them, it had the potential for disaster.
The service was ok, but there was a team of four guys working the place and each of the four had a hand in our service.
We didn't have one set waiter.
One of the guys didn't like to talk and took our order with mumbles and gestures, but the rest of the guys were nice enough.
The small plate of tortelini I had was decent enough, but nothing to write home about.
The gnocci that the girlfriend had was drowning in pesto and wasn't homemade.
We would've had a cheaper and more enjoyable dinner at Olive Garden.
We threw money away like drunken sailors all week and then picked a bad time to try searching out an inexpensive option.
We would've been much better off dropping a few extra bucks on a nicer place.

This place was amazing!!!
I ordered a cesar salad because I was scared of what to order- YUM!!
My Mother in law ordered a chicken and spaghetti dish that blew my mind!!
I instantly regretted ordering the salad!
Downside- sodas are 3.50 a pop and no free refills-Iced tea is imported and 8 bucks.
Few seats but super cute.
The wait staff was awesome!
I will be back!!

This place is good.
Vegas is such a bazaar place.
Want to eat outside, inside next to a small river?
Visit Trattoria Reggiano.
The pasta carbonara was really delicious and well priced for Vegas.
The complimentary garlic bread is very, very tasty.

My friend and I went here for dinner while we were staying at the Venetian.
My thoughts:  - The place is really small - probably 6-7 tables inside the restaurant and another 7 or so in the mall just outside the restaurant (still indoors).
But I liked the feel, it's a cute place.
- Our waiter was great.
I asked for a wine suggestion and he gave it to me.
It was a house wine, nothing amazing, but I did like it better than the cab that my friend got, which was my alternative, so that marks it as a positive.
He also joked with us, was very nice and courteous, just all-around good service.
- The food was very good.
Granted, I was really hungry, so part of the satisfaction was certainly just getting food in my stomach.
My friend got the chicken francese and I got the baked ziti.
We semi-shared (I gave her a 1/4 of mine and she gave me a 1/4 of hers).
I enjoyed both dishes, although maybe the baked ziti a bit more than the chicken.
Overall, I would recommend this place.
Definitely convenient if you're staying in the Venetian or Palazzo.

This place is so f*ing good.
Yes I have been to Italy multiple times and enjoyed the amazingly cooked pasta and pizza there and yes 99% of restaurant in America screw it up.
Pasta is supposed to be al dente ok?
Well yes the pasta here was cooked perfectly and the sauce so tasty.
The bread is garlicy just the way I like it dripped in olive oil.
I heard the manager or owner speaking Italian which explains the authentic dishes.
The only draw back the tiramisu was just ok

Easily the best meal I enjoyed in Vegas this past week.
I was on a vacation with my sisters.
Knowing we would be eating out for 6 days we tried to keep the budget in check.
This restaurant was recommended by a friend of my sister did not disappoint as far as the food was concerned.
It is tucked away in the back of the food court.
Location isn't great...I suppose that is how they keep the prices down.
"Outdoor tables" are actually inside.
Lighting in the interior of the restaurant is way too bright.
Service was very average...our waiter was a hyper-macho Italiano who kept himself busy fawning over the young girls eating next to us, and chatting with his buddies out in the food court plaza.
At the end of our meal he was so carried away with his buddies that he had totally forgotten about us, and need to be retrieved by a bus boy.
The Caeser Salad that we shared was good.
Filet mignon meatballs with spaghetti and red sauce were delicious, as was the wood-fired Quatro Stagioni pizza.
I highly recommend the food...the service not so much.

I have been meaning to write this review for a long time.
My husband and i got married at the Venetian resort, which is an amazing hotel, and we continue going there every year.
The night before our wedding we and our four friends decided to go to this cozy looking Italian restaurant mainly the atmosphere seemed very nice and we love Italian food.
However, I ordered a pasta dish not sure which one, with chicken and it came without, which I instantly noted to the waiter.
Of course the waiter was apologetic, went to the kitchen to ask for the chicken, which I found very strange, perhaps even more strange when the chicken came out in a bowl, they had cooked the already frozen cooked chicken in cream in the microwave, so basically I was meant to add that to my pasta, It was hilariously disappointing, and our friends weren't very impressed about their pizzas either, and barely touched them.

Best pizza on the strip at $3.50 a slice.
I love, love this place.
They have a wonderful pizza that is a thicker crust (the way I like it).
The atmosphere is causal, the service is good and the food is perfect!
They have a wonderful bruchetta that is amazing.
It is loaded with tomatoes and worth trying!

You must try this restaurant!
Four of us each had something different and everything was amazing.
Be sure to  try the Filet Mignon Meatballs and the Caprese salad as appetizer.
For the main course we covered everything from chicken, veal to pasta and none of us were disappointed.
Everything was  fresh and delicious.
Now dessert....try it all.
I had the best Canoli I've ever had and trust me I've had plenty of them in NY and Italy.
My friends raved about the Tiramisu and the Cheesecake.
Now to the service...if I could give more stars I would.
The waitresses and manager were very attentive and friendly.
Thanks Amanda, Riley and Stefano.
I was there five days and had lunch/dinner there three times!
Be sure to check it out

My first impression was, "Cute cafe like Italian restaurant subtly inserted in a wall of the Venetian!
"  You might just walk by this little restaurant if you don't pay attention.
Among the many shops and little stores within the Venetian, Trattoria Reggiano may only catch a glimpse of your attention because of their "outdoor patio.
" It's more just some tables set up nicely outside.
Not bad, but I think they do that just to seat more people.
Inside the restaurant seats just a few parties because there are about 10 small booths more or less.
Their kitchen is tiny!
Their ambiance definitely catches the intended theme of an "Italian street side cafe.
"  It's a cute little place if you're craving some Italian food.
Great garlic rolls, almost drenched in the oil and seasonings, some might complain.
But I personally really liked it.
We ordered the margarita pizza, and a pasta dish that I cannot recall the name of.
But neither of the dishes were memorable and I really can't see myself ordering anything other than the basic spaghetti or Alfredo the next time I go there.
Mainly, I'd be back for their garlic rolls.
The food was okay, the service was okay (slightly rude), the ambiance quaint.
The lasting impression?
"I'll be back for some good ol' spaghetti and garlic rolls.
But that's about it.

its in the Venetian.
Daughter and I felt like pasta with Bolognese sauce.
well, I think we came to the right place, this was incredible.
and the portion was perfect for slipping.
We split a salad, some wine and pasta and we were stuffed.
very good food.
Would like to actually come back and try other items on the menu that looked good.
our dining neighbors had the wood fired pizza that looked and smelled amazing.

Mmmmm, carbs!
i likee (= i am such a carb whore.
I could probably eat pasta and bread with butter all day long, which is perfect for an Italian food!
Trattoria Raggiano is such dainty little restaurant that it was kind of hard to find in the Venetian.
Honestly, I totally did not except the restaurant to be that small, but nevertheless Trattoria did made me feel like i dining at Italian grandmother's home.
(=  Our waiter was nice and patient, even though we kept on asking questions about their menus and had more people joining our party.
he brought us a basket of yummy garlic rolls with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
Woww, i could munch on those garlic rolls all day!
Filet Mignon Meatballs - Oh geez, these meatballs were so soft and fluffy.
It felt like my tongue was sleeping on a pillow of wonderful meaty and tomatoey goodness!
Lobster Ravioli - Yummy!
The Ravioli was perfectly formed with just the right amount lobster to pasta ratio.
The texture of the lobster was so soft, in contrast with al-denta ravioli.
The sauce was rich and creamy.
(= Four Cheese Orecchiette - The Orecchiette was stuffed with four different types of cheese!
For all of you cheese lovers out there, this is the perfect pasta dish for you.
(= Neapolitan Pizza with Sausage and Mushroom - The crust on the pizza was thin and crispy.
The ingredients were fresh and flavorful.
Simple, delicious, and it just hits the hunger pangs (=

Cute cafe style restaurant across from Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf at the Venetian.
Expect friendly staff and cramped seating.
The pizzas are great, I specially enjoyed the veggie one.
We also had the clam vongole which offered a handsome portion of seafood over perfectly cooked pasta.
Great to see many Europeans eating here!

Average food, pompous waiter, poor service and overpriced.
A small cheese pizza and three meat balls came to $31.
The waiter never smiled, he seemed to look down on us when we ordered three waters (but he only gave us two), not once checked on us and no pre-bussing.
I wish I could say the food made up for it but it didn't.
The garlic rolls that everyone was raving about were comparable to doughy dinner rolls.
The food was nice but that's about it.
Bummer.
Oh, the quickest the waiter got to our table was when we stood up and he rushed to see what his tip was; that time the bummer was his.
I think the economy brought him out of retirement.

Good for the price!
Pretty true italian.

I'm really surprised, actually shocked, by this place averaging 4 stars after 60+ reviews!
I definitely do not get this one at all!!!
I guess I must be a little jaded because I grew up in an small town area of New York where probably half, maybe more, of the restaurants were owned by Italians.
When I first walked up to this place I was a little reluctant to eat here.
In fact, after looking at the plates on the tables my friend and I kept on walking.
However, we couldn't make a decision on where else to eat so we turned around and went back.
Oops!
(why didn't I listen to my first impression?
) The dinner rolls that were served at the beginning of the meal were cold and tasteless.
I certainly hope they were not the garlic rolls that I see praised in several reviews.
If they were then they must have forgotten the garlic with these rolls.
The only redeeming part of my meal was the eggplant rotelli appetizer which was rolled up eggplant with ricotta cheese covered with a pomodoro sauce.
If I was forced to eat here again then this is what I would order.
The meal I ordered was Chicken parmigiana.
I guess I must have strayed too far from their mainstays on this one.
The chicken was very tough.
It tasted as if it was frozen the heated up in a microwave.
The pasta served with it was covered in the pomodoro sauce which actually is uninspiring but goes well with the eggplant and ricotta.
The pasta also tasted like it came from the microwave.
In fact, the past was so hot I cannot see how it could have been made any other way.
It didn't dawn on me that an Italian place could not at least make an edible chicken parmigiana.
The service was okay, but I would not call it a friendly place.
I guess their goal is to serve 5% of the people that walk by their establishment at least once in their lifetime which is enough to make a go of the business.
If you ever spent time eating at restaurants in Italian areas back east then run as fast as possible away from this establishment.
By the way, this was $37 each even though we split an appetizer and had no drinks other than tap water.
It was a horrible waste of money.
This is definitely not a $$ place if you are ordering a meal.
I guess it fits the bill if ordering a pizza.

I'm not really a fan of Italian food but I absolutely loved this place!!
The Venetian is wonderful to begin with... but there's something so charming about the illusion of being in Italy, throughout the dinner we actually wanted to believe that we were in an authentic Italian street side café, with perfect blue skies (although it was already night time).
We sat in the "outside patio" portion of the restaurant and even though there was a lot of hurried-people watching, you couldn't help to feel that the ambiance was still relaxing, as if time had stood still.
The service was great and the servers were not at all worried to rush their customers out of there.
We had wine, the Chicken parmesan, and gnocchi's.... all very delicious.
The portions are big so we didn't really have room for dessert.
I would definitely go again!

Great place for Italian.
Nothing fancy at all.
Like all the reviews state... tiny inside seating, with tables set up along The Grand Canal Shoppes between Venetian and Palazzo.
Wonderful bread and oil to start off with.
Shared the spaghetti with meatballs and the carbonara.
Next time we are in Vegas and craving carbs, oil, garlic, and cream... we will plan to stop here!

Very good... the 4 cheese pizza was okay.. would have been better with sauce.
Cheese and bread .... got a side of marinara to dip it The kids were very pleased, could have split the pizzas between 2 people

I am in Vegas a lot for business and stay at the Venetian often.
I discovered this place in January and have eaten here every trip, including ones where I didn't stay in the hotel (5 or 6 times now).
The linguini with clam sauce is the best I've had anywhere.
But tonight when I ordered it, my waiter who I think is one of the owners, said no the clams were not good today so he wasn't serving it.
That is service with integrity.
I had the eggplant parm instead.
Solid.
Also, the filter mignon meatballs are to die for.
I love this place.
Fantastic food, great service.
I will be back again and again.

Great,great food....
The owner was our server and was very hands on.
I'm not kidding when I say try the veal!
I wish I took a picture of it as it was HUGE; we also had the pasta puttanesca, the pasta was perfect...We had much more expensive dinners and this was better than our experiences.
You won't be disappointed.
The restaurant is tucked away in the canal shoppes within the Palazzo hotel.
We can't wait to go back.

This is a excellent restaurant but it's very small.
We have never had anything that wasn't good.
I love the pasta sauce, the salad dressing...
If u go on a weekend plan on a wait but most week nights it's no more then 10 min wait.
I wish they were able to give a little more elbow space but it's still a great atmosphere.

Our new favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas!
The prices are very reasonable for being in the Venetian, and the service and the food are great.
They are now serving their buttery garlicy rolls warm after many requests from the customers.
Warning, they are so good that you may finish them all before the appetizer comes out and you will ruin your meal.
My wife always gets the penne with the vodka sauce and I try something different everytime.
So far, we've been pleased with all of our choices.

Food was excellent!
Service was phenomenal, a great deal for being within the venetian, authentic Italian cuisine, desert was great, all around a great place for dinner; very reasonable, lots to offer!
Highly recommend!!

It's a small place and as such it's not always to get a table without a long wait but it's worth it.
Crazy good.
The filet mignon meatballs were outstanding... best meatballs I've ever had.
The veal parmigiana was to die for.
Literally amazing.
Some good red table wins and remarkably inexpensive for Las Vegas... like it's actually reasonable!
Do yourself a favor and put this on your list.
It's a great place!

Great place, small, but good service and very delicious.
Filet Mignon meatballs, and Veal Parm both fantastic!
Highly recommended, one of the best Italian places in Vegas.
Best of all, prices were incredibly reasonable.
Great value, great eats!

I am obsessed with meatballs.
I want to say I have tried about 30 different meatballs in my life.
Some may say, "HA!
That is not many meatballs at all!!"...
but you know what?
It's a lot to me!
So yea, I love meatballs so I really wanted to try the Filet Mignon meatballs here.
Yes, they were delicious.
I'm a huge fan of meatballs that taste good without to much seasoning.
And that's exactly the case here, you can taste the meat.
But you know what?
I wonder if it would taste the same if they used regular beef as opposed to Filet Mignon.
My gosh their bread is amazing with the garlic and butter on them.
But it's almost like a heart attack.
Anyway, we got the arugular salad, a pizza with prosciutto, and eggplant parm.
Right now, it's my favorite Italian place in Vegas.
Wish it wasn't in the middle of the shopping plaza at Venetian, seems almost out of place!!
Service great, waiter very VERY nice.
Def will come back here.

Delicious!
Best restaurant in the Venetian.
Found this restaurant on Yelp and couldn't have been happier.
It's hard to find within the canals of the Venetian.
In fact, we could barely even find it on the property map, it's that small and several employees we asked didn't know where it was located.
I had the Veal Parmigiana which may have been the best veal I have ever tasted.
The serving was huge and the veal was nicely breaded with a crispy crunch.
The sauce was an unusual orange color, but extremely tasty as well.
The bread, to die for...
I travel quite a lot to Vegas for work and have eaten at many of the famous chef restaurants including Batalli, Flay and LaGasse.
This was far better than any of those restaurants and I look forward to my next visit.
Note:  if you are having trouble finding the restaurant, it's right next to Harry Houdini Magic Shop...

Amazing food and reasonably priced for Vegas!
You can't get better than that...  Had the linguini carbonara and it was truly the best i've ever had.
The pasta was perfectly cooked al dente.
This place is a hidden gem!

This place is pretty freakin' adorable and pretty damn good, too.
I wandered in around 6:00 one night and grabbed a table.
It's a cute little place with not many tables (probably about 10 inside, and 10 or so outside as well).
I started with the filet mignon meatballs and was very happy that I did.
Three large meatballs, tender and juicy, covered with a yummy marinara sauce.
Very good, and well worth the cost in my opinion.
I ended up ordering the gnocchi, and the host/other waiter heard my order as he walked by and actually exclaimed, "Oh!
The Gnocchi!
Yes!
"  I thought it was pretty funny.
He was right, too, though.
It was a large bowl filled with gnocchi and a basil pesto sauce that tasted as good (or even a little better) than it looked.
The rolls were good, and the price was very reasonable for everything as well.
I felt like I was at a real Italian eatery, which was pretty fun too.

So completely average...
This place wouldn't get noticed in NYC.
Its a decent affordable option

A jewel in the Venetian you would miss if you weren't looking for it.
I was so pleasantly surprised and pleased about the unstuffy vibe and focus on FOOD!
Read reviews about the filet mignon meatballs being the yummiest and juciest.
So, of course I HAD to try 'em for myself as an app.
Goodness, boy, do I ever agree.
You could just eat the serving which comes with three meatballs and share an entree because these bad boys do their justice as a mini meal.
The chef and owners of Trattoria Reggiano are not shy about their food.
Oh, plus you are treated to homemade, soft garlic rolls as a starter.
Mmmm.
A quaint and intimate restaurant, half the dining area is inside the tiny restaurant and half is out in front, what would typically be equated to the "sidewalk".
I ate with my family in this latter area which I preferred because the inside seems a little tight.
Ok, on to the oh-so-tasty and al dente pasta entrees we all had.
My linguini with clams in white sauce was so light and perfectly seasoned, and came with BIG, fresh clams!
Family had the linguini carbonara and shrimp scampi.
Sauteed in a buttered, olive oil sauce, the shrimp in the scampi was again, not a greedy amount.
They were huge and fresh and not overdone.
The applewood smoked bacon pieces in the bolognese sauce for the carbonara really takes this dish to another level.
Service got better as the nice progressed but I can say see how others thought there was crankiness goin on.
It's a tiny place and 2 waiters are pretty much doing everything.
So, for that, couldn't give it a full 5 stars.
But, i'd have to say that our waiter did warm up and took good care of us!!
Highly recommend it!

Just finished eating here and it was okay...not impressed at all.
It was a cute place but the waiter was unapproachable and seemed annoyed by us every time we asked him something (aka to get the menu again etc.).
After reading the other reviews I was expecting amazing food and service but it was very average and not good customer service.
Oh and the garlic rolls weren't that great either like others said.
Wompssss!!

Weirdly tiny restaurant in the middle of a shopping mall... erm, I mean the Venetian.
Though it really does feel like you're eating in a restaurant inside a mall.
...but it's good!
The garlic rolls were quite awesome and the caesar salad and meatball appetizers were also satisfying and tasty.
My swordfish was pretty good, though the veggies on the side were boring and meh.
Like everything on the strip, it wasn't exactly a great value, but overall it was pretty good.
This place wouldn't survive in San Francisco or NYC... but then again, not much in Vegas would.

Trattoria Reggiano is the kind of place you can easily walk past and not even realize it.
We were supposed to go to a fancy restaurant but doing all that walking inside the Venetian with my heels was a killer and when I went to take a break I saw bunch of tables and seats out in the middle of the walk way... figured it was close enough, so we tried it.
Best decision ever!
It's a little weird because it's self seating but it's still an adorable venue.
It's also a delightful place for people watching.
The staff was super friendly and fast.
I ordered the baked ziti... and let me tell you it was the best baked ziti I have ever tried!
The pasta was cooked just right and the cheese wasn't too overpowering and the sauce mmmmm have no idea what made it so different but I'm not going to question a good meal.
And the best part of the dinner was the bill!
It's completely affordable place with amazing food, please try it!
Def coming back here when I go back to Vegas!

Meatball!!!!!
Very small restaurant, and very hard to find.
But, one of the best Italian restaurant I've ever been to.

We went here for dinner.
Started off with garlic rolls were good.
Virgin Olive Oil and Balsamic vinegar were provided on the table for dipping.
The Balsamic vinegar was sweeter and not as acrid as the one from DOCG.
I accompanied my meal with a Moretti, an Italian beer and really liking this over Peroni.
There is less of an aftertaste and more pleasing to my palate.
Ordered the Linguine Carbonara.
I wanted to taste it so I have a reference of how it should taste.
Most comments online say why order it when you can just make it at home.
They are correct.
Most restaurants serve carbonara but they often add heavy cream and a whole bunch of other items.
Trattoria Reggiano was the only one I found that serves it how it is should to be, Pancetta, Cheese, Egg, and Pasta, that's it.
Overall, the taste was close to how I make it so I'm glad I'm in the general vicinity.
The criticism I have though is that they a used a little too much pancetta and the sauce could have been a little looser.
Additionally, there was little or no black pepper.
Should have asked for freshly cracked black pepper but instead used black pepper on the table, which didn't add much.
My friend had the Chicken Marsala.
It was very good.
The dish overall was not greasy.
The sauce had a lot of flavor.
Unlike a lot of Chicken Marsala we get in Hawaii where they use too much butter/oil where it masks the Marsala and chicken flavors.
Regarding they other parts of the meal, service was ok.
It lacked in the beginning but picked up later on.
Didn't really care to eat outside in the mall as the tables were too close to each other.
I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for simply Italian food.

The food is good, the ambiance is mall-like.
Had the spaghetti and mignon meatballs.
Very tasty!
Perfect portions, it's nice that they don't overload you with food since leftovers don't really work in Vegas when you're on vacation.
I thought the pricing was good, too.

Had dinner here Sunday night before a show at TI.
We decided to go here based on the reviews, but also because it was close and convenient for us.
As luck would have it a table for two opened up and we were able to be seated right away!
All-in-all, not a bad dinner, but it didn't blow either of us away.
I think it was because of our selections...
Started the meal with the FANTASTIC garlic knots... boy were they tasty.
We then shared the meatballs and chicken marsala.
The meatballs were very moist and flavorful and the sauce was top notch.
The chicken marsala is were we had the biggest issues.
It simply lacked flavor.
There wasn't enough marsala and the chicken itself wasn't seasoned.
The accompanied pasta was bland as well.
After that miss, we skipped on dessert.
With all the great restaurants in Vegas, I'm not sure I will be back to this one.
It's a shame we didn't have a better experience, since there are great reviews.
That's why I think we just made a wrong choice with the chicken...

average, I would have given it a 3 1/2 stars.
decent food, but nothing special.
May give it another try bc I have heard good things about it.

I am a sucker for good meat balls and the ones at Trattoria Reggiano are as good as they get!
We were walking through the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian one night and stumbled upon this tiny little restaurant.
They only have a small handful of tables inside, and a few more outside in the mall.
The place was packed when we walked by and I looked at the food people at the edge were eating and it looked so good I told my friend "We have to come back and try it tomorrow!
"  We did, and after looking up the reviews I knew I had to try the meatballs.
I got spaghetti and meatballs and while the sauce on the pasta was a bit tangy for me, the meatballs were nothing short of superb.
They fall apart when you touch them with a fork and they absolutely melt in your mouth.
I had also heard good things about the garlic knots, but possibly we got a bad batch because ours were only mediocre.
I can't wait to go back to Vegas to try something else on their menu!

If you've never been here before, be prepared to take an extra 15 minutes to find this place because of how huge the Venetian is.
This restaurant is in an indoor mall within the Venetian.
Though it's indoors with a controlled climate, most of the seating is still "outside" of the restaurant on the patio, so you might have a bunch of random people and kids and strollers walk right past your table.
If you don't mind that, the food is great and the staff is kind and attentive.
I went with my friend and her mom, dad, brother, sister, sister's husband and their baby girl.
The menu is big but not too large, but big enough to make it hard to decide because at least two things sound awfully good.
I teetered between gnocchi in pesto cream sauce and lobster ravioli.
I absolutely love ravioli and thick, chewy pastas.
I went with the lobster ravioli.
The texture of the ravioli pasta was just right, and the filling was a mixture of cheese and lobster.
I forget what was in the pink sauce, it was tomato and a bit creamy or buttery and I think they put some shrimp on it as well.
My friend enjoyed her very cheesy rigatoni, her sister's gnocchi in pesto looked amazing and I wished I had ordered it, her husband got the same thing I did and ate it all up, her mother I think got the eggplant parmesan but don't quote me on that...
I believe it was gooey and flavorful and cooked to her liking.
My friend's brother ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and of course that was done very well with al dente pasta and a good sauce.
The meatballs are very large and a bit more delicate than they seem from looking at them.
I accidentally dropped half a meatball someone had ordered on the side into my water glass due to underestimating the strength of the meatball in relation to my fork.
The waiter smiled and just brought out another big meatball in sauce free of charge.
I believe everyone was satisfied with their meal.
I I didn't end up finishing my ravioli however, but it's my fault because I ordered something too fishy for my tastes.
On occasion a bite of the lobster ravioli was too strong and lobstery for me.
Don't ask me why, I'm picky and mild with my seafood flavors.
The shrimp were fine.
Ultimately I had hoped they had my favorite on the menu, mushroom ravioli.
I order those everywhere I see them, they always have such a rich nutty taste and they mix so well with cheese and make a great filling!
I think that's the reason I ordered the lobster ravioli...
I really craved mushroom ravioli.
Anyway, I think I should have gotten the pesto gnocchi, that looked INCREDIBLE!
I bet it was.
If I ever go back I'll try that.

Excellence in all aspects of a restaurant.
Food was excellent.
Service was excellent.
Not to be missed: the Eggplant Rolatini appetizer and the cannoli, (insert vulgar descriptive word here) AMAZING!
Eat here, you wont be disappointed;)

This place was really expensive...but I think the food and service were worth it.
It's a very quaint little place, with a small "inside" and a few more tables just outside to give it that feeling of a little street-side Italian restaurant.
Said tables are technically out in the shopping area, but it didn't feel like it.
Our server was great.
He was actually honest about recommendations and would say something wasn't as good if we asked.
He was attentive and friendly.
I went for a classic four-cheese pizza, which was enough for me and really could be shared between two people, which would help save you some dough.
It was really tasty all around-good sauce, good crust, good cheese.
If you're around the Venetian and are looking for middle scale Italian restaurant, this is pretty solid choice.

I was visiting Vegas to ring in the New Year and we wanted to get some dinner.
My parents decided to let my brother choose the food that night and he wanted to eat Italian.
After looking up some places, he chose this one, and I am extremely thankful that he did.
Looking at the menu, I immediately freaked out because of the pricing (double what I usually pay for).
However, I decided to roll with it, as we don't splurge that often, and it was Vegas, after all.
What we ordered:  Starters: Filet Mignon Meatballs ($12): These were absolutely amazing!
It comes with three plump meatballs, much bigger than we were expecting, with a delicious tomato-y pomodoro sauce and some spaghetti.
We wished we ordered it from the Pasta menu, but maybe next time?
Pasta Specialties: Gnocchi al Pesto ($18): Soft ricotta dumplings with a creamy pesto sauce in a large plate that I simply could not finish!
These are a meal on their own, and in my case I had leftovers.
These cheesy dumplings should not be underestimated, as they do fill you up!
Individual Brick Oven Pizza: Primavera ($16): A light vegetarian pizza loaded with flavors.
I have had a pizza with similar toppings, and that pizza absolutely pales in comparison.
This pizza was not very greasy and seemed to be quite authentic.
Drinks: Cappuccino ($6.5): The most expensive cappuccino I have ever had, but one that I will never regret ordering.
After having that cappuccino, I have craved it many times over.
The drink comes in a small cup with a small piece of biscotti on the side and a small stick of rock sugar.
It was the perfect cup of cappuccino in my opinion.
My family (4 including me) shared these dishes and we had leftover pizza and gnocchi, which we (I) later on devoured at our hotel room.
The service was great, with our server giving us time to eat and periodically refilling our water glasses.
I was surprised that he didn't come by to check on our food as often as people usually do, but it was a nice change, and I'm guessing more authentically Italian?
Anyways, I highly recommend this place!

small restaurant, no reservations inside the venetian shopping area.
waited about 15 mins and were seated and served fresh bread with balsamic and oil.
ordered some pasta and it was delicious!
so delicious i ate the whole thing hahaha

5 stars for the filet mignon meatballs.
DIVINE.
Best meatballs I've ever had!
So flavorful and yet simple with a simple marinara sauce accompaniment...  5 stars also for the garlic knots!!
OMG... so buttery bad for you but so good.
The pasta here is fresh but not memorable.
Wine list is extensive for such a tiny tiny eaterie that spills onto the mall floor.
They do have a few by-the-glass options.
MEATBALLS!
If possible, just come here for the meatballs.
It's so worth it......

If you're looking for casual Italian, this is a good place to go.
I really wish I could complain more about this place because the waiter messed up my order, but the wrong item he brought me was really good.
Here's what happened: My friends asked the waiter what he recommended for pasta and he suggested some kind of pasta BOLOGnese, and they ordered that.
When he took my order, I said "I'll also have the pasta BOLOGnese," I was craving pasta.
When our orders came, they got pasta dishes and I received something piled deep under green leaves.
Turns out he heard me order the Veal MILANese, and then he gave me attitude about it.
Dude, you just recommended some bolognese stuff to half our table and I said I would also have that!
He did offer to replace the item, but I was too hungry to wait and didn't want my friends to wait for me to finish whenever I did get my replacement order, plus I already angered the guy that brings the food, so I wasn't going to risk it.
Conveniently for them, the Veal Milanese was one of the pricier entrees...
It should be a sign to you how good the food is that I gave them 4-stars despite my little kerfuffle.
Seriously, it was not easy trying to maintain a pissed-off front while eating that rather great Veal Milanese.
A lot has been mentioned about the quality of the bread, yes, it is also really good.
The pizzas aren't necessarily great, they're alright, we shared one as an appetizer, didn't really leave me craving more, I didn't even try to fight for the last slice.
Also, and this is very European of them, they serve the tiny-bottled sodas, meaning refills aren't free, and that is annoying.
To recap: great bread, good entrees, meh pizza, tiny sodas, and a waiter you should be REALLY clear with.

What's a girl to do to entertain herself while her husband is at a boring convention?
Why, go out solo for a romantic Italian dinner, of course!
After a little online research, I stumbled upon Trattoria Reggiano.
The reviews looked good, and the price was right, so I decided to check it out--I'm so glad I did!
I was first taken aback by how tiny the restaurant is.
Seriously, you could legitimately call it a "hole in the wall" because it's just that small-there are only seven tables inside and a handful of tables outside in mall walkway.
As it turns out, sometimes the best things come in small packages!
When I walked in, I was immediately seated and served some fantastic bread!
I placed my order and started a glass of wine.
Before I could even finish my first piece of bread, my spaghetti and meatballs were already brought to the table!
The service in this place was great!
My food was fantastic (apparently, previous posters weren't joking about the filet mignon meatballs)!
My check was a total of $27--not too bad at all, especially in comparison to the other Italian spots that are found all over the area.
All in all, it was a great experience.
Also, this place is legit--the servers were all speaking to each other in Italian--I loved it!
I definitely recommed paying Trattoria Reggiano a visit!

Great place!
The food was excellent - my wife had the linguine carbonara which was tasty, but I had the pesto gnocchi which was just superb.
The price was very good as well (considering most other places on the Strip).
The only bad thing here was the wine - I got a bottle of Chianti that was about half our bill but was not good.
I'm giving it a 4 only because of the wine.

i quite like this place.
it's like eating at a hole in the wall -- except you're at the venetian, and the prices show it.
however, i like it the atmosphere, the staff, the food... it's run like a small family restaurant.
this is my favorite place to go when i'm in the area.
that's not very often, though, so i have no recommendations, though.

My girlfriend and I were seeing the Blue man group and needed a place to dine before the show.
We were in the mood for Italian and happened to stumble upon this little joint.
It's rather peculiarly located-- as though it's purpose as a restaurant was an afterthought in the tiny enclave's design.
It almost feels like a genuine old fashioned mom and pop-- if it weren't located in a major strip resort.
It's a quaint and intimate little dining experience with all the decorations you need for a casual italian dinner.
Aesthetics aside, let me simply say that I give this place my stamp of approval.
The bread is tasty, and the food arrived fairly promptly.
Our waiter seemed to be an authentic Italian immigrant who had an excellent knowledge of the menu and provided valuable dining advice.
My girlfriend went for the tortellini and I settled for the swordfish piccatta.
The food arrived promptly and did NOT disappoint.
The swordfish was succulent and the seasoning was just right-- so as not to overpower the flavor of the fish.
Delicate capers draped over the fish helped me finish my portion in no time.
I tried some of my girlfriends dish as well and was pleased to find that the alfredo sauce was rich and well crafted.
The portions are just right to fill an average appetite and you probably won't have leftovers.
For the price I paid I was quite satisfied with the quality of the food and would recommend it to anyone in the area.

Average food at above average prices, and below average ambiance.
It's a tiny restaurant with a few tables inside, and several more tables "outside," if you can call it that (but not even in the fancy Grand Canal area).
It really felt like I was eating a fancy dinner seated in the middle of the mall.
The service was spot-on, but that can't make up for their more fundamental shortcomings.
Next time, I'd rather eat at a restaurant with classier ambiance, like Canaletto along the Grand Canal... or at just about any Carino's or Macaroni Grill...

was hard to find, but so worth it !
food was delish and the service was wonderful.
loved the experience.

Absolutely, delicious.
It is tucked away in a nook in the Venetian so you definitely have to ask or be on the look-out for it.
The portions are large so unless you are a huge eater, you may want to share 1 entree with another person.
The price is reasonable and definitely cheaper than any other Italian restaurant in the Venetian or Bellagio.
The only thing that prevented this place from being 5 stars is the calamari was mediocre and service is a little slow since there is 1 server running around managing 7+ two tops.
Otherwise, we'll definitely be back in the future.

Came in from dc and looking for good italian on the strip.
Yelp came through again!
Food was off the hook!
Filet mignon meatballs and pesto ricotta gnocchi were top notch.
Cost is about half the other places in the area.
Search this place out, it's worth it!
Highly recommended.

My boyfriend picked this place out for our last Vegas dinner before flying home.
It's a tiny restaurant in the Venetian.
I absolutely loved it.
First--the garlic olive oil bread they give you is absolutely amazing.
Just amazing.
Second- The portions are HUGE!!
I  Third - I loved the service.
My boyfriend and I decided to split the Linguine Bolognese for $18 and Salsiccia Pizza for $15.
The Linguine Bolognese was great.
You can taste the quality of the beef and the sauce was great.
The pizza was amazing too, I ate that thing up so damn fast!
Complete fatty status.
We nearly ordered an appetizer as well but thank goodness we didn't because we wouldn't have finished our entrees!
We also ordered 2 glasses of their red wine.
They really fill those glasses up!
It was much appreciated!
NOM NOM NOM I'm so happy my boyfriend picked this place.
It's such a cute place for a dinner date without having to get all fancy.
Love it!

Great food and excellent service.
Being local I've tried many others on and off The Strip yet Trattoria Reggiano is still the best Italian restaurant in Las Vegas!
Ask for Amanda and she can tell you the best wine to go with anything and maybe even suggest something tasty off-menu.

Maybe our mistake was eating close to closing time 10pm on a week day.
Our 60 something Italian male waiter with a heavy accent seem to care less if we were there or not.
When I asked how large the pizza was he seemed insulted like, "what a stupid question, they are10 inches, not enough for two people" he said.
Wrong it turned out the pizza is more like 14 inches plenty enough for a late snack for two.
This waiter who could have been the owner or manager was unfriendly.rushed, and worse, uncaring.
He could care less if we enjoyed ourselves or not.
My bill was $38.50 for one dull over cooked pizza and 2 drinks.
$8 for a beer $11 for a glass of wine.
When he returned my change he couldn't be bothered with returning my 1.50 so he just skipped the .50 change and left a dollar bill.
Remember we hadn't said as much as a word or 2 to this guy and somehow he just didn't like us.
My suggestion take your Vegas dollars elsewhere!

Best tasting ice water at any restaurant I've ever been to!
It did not have that usual nasty tap taste and actually tasted better than any of my favorite bottled waters!
I normally drink only half a glass at most at any given restaurant, but I drank 3 glasses here!
I wasn't even that thirsty!
We tried the filet mignon meatballs people keep talking about; they were above average but we did not experience the whoa factor.
Chicken marsala was also above average and was the best tasting one I've ever had at a restaurant but it wasn't as good as the one my cousin makes.
He notes, however, that the sauce was really well made.
The free bread was also pro, predipped in oil and very tasty.
The olive oil and vinegar were also very nice.
P.S.
Hiep, my cousin, wants to add that the service is excellent.
The inside is small but the atmosphere is homely.

Cute little restaurant, emphasis on little.
Great rolls to start.... they have been dredged in olive oil but I still dipped them in olive oil and grated parmesan.
I ordered the linguine filet mignon bolognese and I have to admit it was pretty good.
I would give it 3.50 for the food alone.
I have to knock off a half star because of the environment.
Ambiance is nice and quaint but one of the waiters was pretty snippy with his fellow staff and b/c the place is soooo small it was hard to ignore.
At one point it was uncomfortable but it seems that they were oblivious.
Would I come back?
Yes

Hubby picked this place for dinner, and I'm so glad he did.
This was the best dinner here.
Yeah it's just Italian food, but the service was so great, I could write forever about it!
I won't though, because I'll bore most of you.
But our server knew what we wanted and finished our sentences.
He was attentive and just very experienced and perfect.
Our meal was great and the bread that comes with was excellent.
The wine made us giddy for the next two hours.
I would come back here again and again!

While waiting on friends and deciding what to eat the first night in Vegas, our friends in our group recommended this restaurant.
Take the escalator in the Palazzo forum, above the waterfall, and it's not hard to find, but it's a small restaurant.
Even though they have additional seating out in the corridor/walkway, you're there for the food.
If you come during rush hour for dinner, be prepared to wait depending on how large your party is.
We had 6 and it took us about 45 min - 1 hr.
Wait was totally worth it for the following reasons:  1) They serve hot fresh bread, garlic olive oil bread with option of dipping in balsamic  vinegar and olive oil  2) The portions are filling and very affordable for Las Vegas prices - $16 - $30ish for entrees (I recommend the pasta)  3) Service is attentive and they speak Italian (great sign for an Italian restaurant)  I personally had the Linguine with Shrimp Marinara and it was the highlight meal of the trip.
I would love to take a date to this restaurant or a small group of friends.
It's not the most romantic environment, but the food is delicious!

Went there for an early lunch to avoid the crowds during peak mealtimes.
Not a bad idea since the restaurant is on the small side and they do not appear to take reservations.
After reading all the rave reviews about the meatballs, well of course I had to get them as an appy!
The server was kind enough to offer the option of cutting down the standard order down to only one or two meatballs from the usual three, so that I can enjoy the entree that I really wanted without killing myself ; ).
People weren't kidding about the meatballs -- they were great for sure, but in my opinion,Trattoria Reggiano truly shines with their killer bolognese, bar-none.
For the main, I decided on their daily special, which happened to be mushroom ravioli bolognese.
Boy was I ever in for a spectacular treat!!!
It will definitely be difficult to go back to the usual pink slime bolognese that the average restaurant serves, where the ground "meat" simply melts into the sauce for the most part.
Not only were the al dente ravioli large enough to be nicely stuffed with that aromatic mushroom/ricotta/goat cheese mixture, the generously portioned pillows of pasta were heavily blanketed by the other star of the dish: an uber thick and hearty meat sauce made with nothing other than abundant chunks of  high quality ground filet mignon.
Each bite was full of lean, solid meat and juicy tomato chunks.
Insane depth of flavours and textures....best pasta I've had to date, short of traveling to Italy.
The bill came to $34 but there was enough left over to cover dinner.
There was no microwave in the hotel room to heat it up but that did not diminish the food's taste by much.
Still thoroughly enjoyed it unheated as much as I did at the restaurant.
Two meals of this heavenly goodness.......  OMG what a dream food day!!!

My very favorite spot in LV.
A fresh alternative for all of those lame overpriced places.
Everything is tasteful here.
Meatballs, salads, bread, you name it.
The prices are pretty reasonable (LV standards) and the setting is cozy, charming and great for people watching.
I like to call this place the hidden gem of LV.

Starting off with the good.
The service was amazing!
I read the reviews before my husband and I picked a place to eat.
We wanted Italian and this got great reviews, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.
If you have been to Vegas before then you know that eating in the middle of the Venetian shops might not be the most romantic dinner.
Yes the restaurant is small.
So small that you are seated basically in the middle of all the tourists.
I think they want you to feel like you are in Italy sitting outside in a European cafe, but this is Vegas!
Food:  We ordered the meatballs that everyone raved about and they were so acidic that I couldn't even get 2 bits down before the heart burn started.
They aren't the hearty meat taste you might imagine.
They are made with Filet Mignon so they are just bland.
Then we had Linguine with Clams.
It was like water and the noodles were starchy.
We stopped ordering after those things, paid the bill and got pizza late night.
I wish we would have gone to a buffet....

Last day at the Venetian and still had not had any Italian!
We asked the conceirge to recommend some good olf fashioned Italian, not too "foo foo" and reasonably priced for lunch before we had to head to the airport and he pointed us here saying it was the best.
Small little cafe where the tables spill out into the canal shoppes walkway.
The garlic knot bread brushed with olive oil and butter and pamesean was a yummy start.
We had spaghetti and meatballs made with angus beef filet mignon and a linguine bolognese.
Both delicious and filling.
Quick service too.
The only down side was in sitting out in the open, I kinda felt lots of eyes on me as I ate my pasta (which is hard to be too lady like to do!

My wife and I went here and really enjoyed it.
It's a small restaurant with limited seating but the wait was not bad at all.
The service was great with a friendly staff.
The food was really good.
I had the spaghetti and meatballs which was really good.
For dessert we shared a cannoli.
I have been to Italy and have my favorite places in New York to get cannoli's and this place was just as good.
I recommend this place for sure.
Great service, good food and great price for the meal.

Difficult to find, and not worth the effort.
My cheese tortellini was bland and unexciting.
I had to season it and add evoo for any amount of flavor.
The meatball app was good, but nothing to write home about.
The couple sitting next to us (I was practically sitting in their lap) happened to be loyal patrons.
They loved it.
We simply didn't.

Went here on a friday night at 8:00.
There were a few tables open so the 2 of us got seated right away.
Our waiter, an older gentleman, was funny and friendly.
I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and my fiancé ordered pesto gnocchi.
Both dishes were good but the spaghetti was definitely better than the gnocchi.
The garlic bread balls were so yummy so we asked for more and finished it all!
As the night continued all the tables got filled and there was a line of people waiting.
Our waiter seemed a little flustered and didn't give us as much attention.
At the end of the meal when things calmed down he was back to his usual self.
Overall we had a delicious meal for a decent price.
This is a great place and we will be back when we are in Las Vegas.

Why?
Why did my yelp app point me to this place among all the other Italian places in LV?
While I cannot answer that question, I can tell you that we were not fans.
First, the service was terrible.
Our waiter was un-friendly and abrupt.
After we were seated, he came to our table and asked if we knew what wanted to eat.
He never asked us for a drink order.
We had two friends join us who had already eaten, and in the time it took our waiter to come over they were able to walk over to the coffee bean, order drinks, pick them up, and enjoy them.
So we ordered, and we placed our entire order at that time - drinks, apps, entrees and desserts.
Then we waited.
And waited.
And then we got our entrees with no appetizer.
The waiter seemed pissed off, and made a comment about the kitchen staff.
Well, what about his job of checking on our table?
Ugh, annoying.
So we canceled the appetizer order and just ate the main course.
We had the pesto gnocchi.
It was bland.
The gnocchi was nice though.
The bread was also delicious, if not a tad bit oily.
But still, warm and yummy.
Our friends ordered dessert and one of them liked the Tiramisu, but the other did not.
She was expecting a layered-caked style tiramisu, vs. the layered in a glass tiramisu they received.
The atmosphere also brings this review down a star.
The majority of the tables are set up in the hallway and it makes it feel like you are eating in a shopping mall food court.
Lots of people milling around staring at you while you eat, from an arm's length away.
Not really what I would call charming ambiance.
This was by far my least favorite meal in LV, in terms of service, food and ambiance.

Alright, decided to try this place out before seeing 'O'.
Here are my thoughts:  The bread was ok, I guess I was hyped up by the yelp reviews and let down once I got there.
The bread reminded me of the garlic knots at Sbarros, or the crazy bread at little caesars..lol and it was a bit worse because it wasnt even warm/hot.
So, I guess if i wasnt all hyped up by reviews, i wouldnt have been disappointed.
Either way, it was just ok.
I had the chicken parm and my husband had the chicken fresca (something like that).
We both enjoyed our meals.
My husband ate his and then finished mine.
I dont really think there is anything special about this place above and beyond major italian places like Maggianos.
Overall, good food, tasty, would come back, but nothing to write home about.
Oh!
and the seating was kinda strange out in the open.
Maybe if they had some of those movie theatre ropes there would feel like some separation between you and the women with the baby in the stroller walking by...

I find it hard to believe that this restaurant received an average of 4 stars.
1) Food - the food was decent, although $18 for spaghetti and a couple of meatballs?
Filet mignon meatballs?
This was an average dish, but supposedly one of the 'go to' dishes.
2) Service - terrible.
We never were offered additional bread, and perhaps after we didn't order wine with dinner, this caused the poor service.
Our waiter never came to our table again until it was time for the bill.
3) Value- see #1, sorry.
I've been to Nora's in Las Vegas before (should have gone there instead).
That's awesome Italian food.
This place is very overpriced for what you get.
This restaurant was a major disappointment especially considering the price.
It looks nice from the outside before entering, but afterwards, it was a major disappointment.
Too bad I took my wife for an occasion dinner here.

Amazing old school italian food!!!
Back to the basics, no fancy reworked recipes, just good old Italian food!!!
The meatballs are 100% ground up filet mignon ... OMG good!
The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is bc it's soooo small.

It was late and we were about the go out and wanted to grab a bite to eat.
So we came here, I ordered the standard spaghetti and meatballs and my friend got the pizza.
I would have to say... for ordinary spaghetti and meatballs, with meatballs being made from ground filet, it was so soft, it melted like butter in your mouth haha.
The pizza wasn't as crispy as we wanted it.
But this place got an extra star because the owner came up and talked to us after dinner and asked us how everything was.
This place is a bit pricey but it is the Venetian so you have to expect that a bit.

Each and every time we come to Las Vegas, sometimes twice a year, we always make it a point to come to Trattoria Reggiano inside the Venetian at least twice on each trip.
We started out coming here about 4 or 5 years ago because we stumbled upon it, it looked nice and we were hungry.
Some of the food we have had:  Arugula and Cherry Tomato Salad, Pizza Margherita, Linguine Carbonara, Linguine Bolognese and do not forget the home made garlic rolls, laced in garlic & olive oil.
All of our food has always been GOOD.
The service from John, Carl & manager, Jay, is terrific.
We have always had great food and great service.
We have been coming here so many times it is nice to also have a place we they recognize you and welcome you back.
Our regular server, John, even recalls what we have most of the time - the Pizza Margherita.
The atmosphere is certainly like a little Italian cafe somewhere in the streets of Italy, which we have been to as well.
I highly recommend people try it out and make it a home away from home.
Enjoy - J & H

While we were in Vegas, my sister found this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a try.
It took forever for us to find the place and we had to stop and ask for directions twice.
It was well worth the trouble!
I It's an adorable little restaurant where the entire staff speaks italian.
I felt like I was in someone's home!
The garlic rolls are to-die-for!
Buttery and garlicky and cheesy!
I could've had just eaten those with marinara sauce.
My sister and I order the meatballs to start which were ginormous and oh so light and fluffy, if that makes any sense.
I had the penne and vodka sauce and my sister had the carbonara.
Although both were good, my favorite was the carbonara.

OK... first of all, garlic knots.
They're denser than most places but really really good.
If you like garlic, get these.
Their lobster ravioli with crab and shrimp is really good.
I liked this the most of all the things we got.
Not a huge fan of their pizza.
Their Linguine Bolognese was good, but not something I'd stay up at night and hunger for.
They also serve a special italian bottled lemon iced tea.
It's good!

This may be one of the best Italian meals I've ever had.
Maybe I was really hungry, maybe I had a bit too much of the Fat Tuesday drink, or maybe, Trattoria Reggiano is just that good.
I visited for dinner on a Sunday night and the place was packed.
There was one free table, 'outside' and we snatched that up.
Our waiter very quickly brought us menus, waters, and took our orders promptly too.
About the food:  -Garlic bread (free): delicious.
If you aren't afraid of carbs, which no one in my family is, these are your best friend.
Warm, soft, and garlicky.
These were so good that we asked for another serving after devouring the first basketful.
-Calamari ($14): a very generous portion.
It was almost too much for the four of us, almost.
There was a nice balance of both the tentacles and the rings/body and the marinara dipping sauce was just right.
-Baked ziti ($16): cheesy penne pasta; my sister seemed to enjoy this dish quite a bit.
-Spaghetti and meatballs ($18): the spaghetti is good, but what makes this dish great is the meatballs.
They are certified angus beef filet mignon meatballs.
These meatballs are perfectly seasoned, perfectly soft and flavorful.
I would definitely recommend this dish.
-Gnocchi ($18): they were out of pesto so we opted for the alfredo sauce.
The gnocchi was perfectly soft and the alfredo was nice and creamy.
In fact, the sauce was excellent for dipping the garlic bread into.
-Cannoli (free): it was my birthday and the waiter let me pick out a dessert for free!
He brought out four spoons so that we could all share also.
If you can't tell already, I really enjoyed my dining experience here.
The service was very friendly and helpful, the food was hot, and tasty, plus- I got a free dessert!
The prices are very fair and the food is high-quality.

Found this gem thanks to Yelp and couldn't be happier about it.
After reading all the reviews the one constant was garlic knots and meatballs.
The reviews did not lie.
I never order spaghetti and meatballs out but wow, just wow at how good those meatballs are.
Also had the calamari for an appetizer which was also extremely good.
Only thing that kept it from a five star is it's small inside.
Like really, really, really small.
Outside of that, I don't have a complaint.
Thank you Yelp for leading my wife and I to Trattoria Reggiano.

Based on yelp-reviews, I decided to give his place a try.
I got there but no tables were avaliable.
A server asked me to come back in 10 minutes, so I did, and a table was ready for me.
This is a very small, hole in the wall type restaurant with great service and great food.
I had the carbonara, and it was top notch.
At 19 bucks, it's not the cheapest pasta I have ever ordered, but well worth the price.

Compared to other restaurants on the strip, it offered a decent value for a quality meal.
The bread is excellent--better than most free breads I've had at Italian joints, and they provide it in copious quantities at exactly the right price of zero.
The atmosphere is a little mall/foodcourty (then again, so is all of Vegas), but the food is definitely well above that caliber.
The meatballs are made out of filet mignon, so expect some high end protein in your spaghetti.
They also make legit carbonara--no canned cream sauce.
It's a hair off four stars; it would make the cut if the ambiance was a little nicer.
I would eat here again if I ever make it back to Vegas, but I hope to avoid that.

This place was perfect for our needs- we were all starving, one of our party is a vegetarain so Italian works for her, the Venetian wasn't that far from our hotel AND we wanted to to stop at Bouchon Bakery anyway so bing, bang, boom Trattoria Reggiano it was!
The prices are a bit high for basic Italian food ($20 for an entree vs. $15) but it was the tasty, saucy, carby mid-range Italian food of our dreams.
And the bread!
Maybe it's because I was so hungry but the garlic rolls were extra delicious and buttery!
I liked that it looked like a little hole in the wall and had "outside" seating, we didn't have to wait at all, food came out quickly, I would reccmomend this if you were looking for moderatly priced satisfying meal on the strip.

LOVED this place located inside the Shoppes at the Venetian!
Very busy joint which speaks volumes for the food.
Had an "authentic" italian waiter, accent and all (either that or a very good actor)...white tableclothes....shared two pasta dishes and a bottle of chianti which the waiter kept pouring for us.
Dined "Af Fresco" and had an additional guest, a pigeon that kept walking back and forth past our table which added cute ambiance.
Would def call this a "date" place.

My husband and I had a late lunch/early dinner, nothing over the top, but not the usual 'chain' meal.
Based on the reviews I read on yelp, we thought we'd give Trattoria Reggiano a go.
We weren't disappointed.
Never have walked through the maze of shops within and around The Venetian, so we enjoyed the stroll to find T.R.
tucked into a small curve in The Grand Canal Shoppes.
We arrived around 5:00 and had our choice of dining 'in' or 'patio' (which basically means the wide side-walk of the shoppes).
We joined two other parties on the patio (it's always entertaining to people watch in Vegas!).
Warmly greeted by Amanda (who was fabulous); gave us time to look over the menu.
I wasn't sure about the chianti served by the glass and she offered to get me a sample.
Pleasantly surprised to find it was a nice little chianti and was poured a very full glass of wine ($11).
Hubby and I decided on a starter of Filet Mignon Meatballs ($12) since many reviews highlighted them; very good start to the meal.
Good flavor, great sauce, and nicely proportioned.
For dinner, my husband order the Salsiccia pizza ($15) while I, based on Amanda's suggestion, tried the special of  mushroom fettuccine ($16).
In the meantime, the home made garlic rolls arrived (yummy) along with the above mentioned meatballs.
May I add...the leftover pomodoro sauce from the meatballs is amazing with the garlic rolls.
Hey, we're on vacation, calories and carbs don't count, right?
Our entrees were served within 12-15 minutes.
My husband enjoyed his pizza - especially the pieces of fresh garlic that were cooked in the pizza sauce.
Said it had very good flavor although it didn't look anywhere as good as it tasted.
The crust was nicely browned; crisp but a nice soft center.
However, he agreed that my dish was definitely better.
The pasta was cooked slightly al dente (perfect); the sauce was delicious and not too overwhelming (as I've had at other restaurants); and the mushrooms gave a wonderful depth and texture to the dish.
Amanda had said it was her favorite meal but typically is only served once a month.
Lucky me - it was wonderful.
The pizza was enough for two as was my pasta.
As we (luckily) have a hotel room with a kitchenette, we took the leftovers with us.
Nice late night snack after spending an evening in the casino, lol.
The ambiance of T.R.
is quite nice; quaint vibe of a Italian cafe much like you see when visiting Italy.
As we visited for an early dinner on a Monday night (10/8/12), there was seating available.
But leaving an hour later, all the tables were full and I noted some people waiting.
If you're looking for some good Italian food, in a casual setting, with some top-notch service, you'll want to visit Trattoria Reggiano.

I could not sing this place's praises enough.
I've now been here about five times over the last four years (each time I go to Vegas with a different person heading here is an absolute must).
I have never been disappointed.
The place is tucked away in the Grand Canal Shoppes, it might take you some time to find it but trust me, it's well worth it.
Came here early on a Saturday night (5:30) knowing that the place would get crowded as the night went on and we could not have been happier.
We (a table of 6) were seated right away and garlic knots were at our fingertips before we could blink.
Our waiter was lovely and our dishes came quickly and everyone was overwhelmed by how delicious it was.
We tend to stick to cheaper places but everyone agreed the price was well worth how delicious the food was.
Plus, on the strip $20 more or less a person for a great sit-down restaurant is one of the best deals you'll find.
A really phenomenal place, if you're going to Vegas make sure to stop here for dinner.

Amanda, the server, is AWESOME.
I had the spaghetti and meatballs, my boyfriend had the shrimp scampi.
We loved our meal and the portion sizes were more than sufficient.
The garlic rolls were heavenly.
Rolls should not be that damn good.
I had not read the reviews prior to trying out this restaurant.
But the reviews are on point.
If you are in the area, and in the mood for fantastic Italian food and superior service, you should try Trattoria Reggiano.
If you do, tell Amanda that Don and Yolanda from Chicago said hello, and that we'll never pay for parking in Vegas again (insider).

Best advice is to avoid Italian (fake) places in Vegas.
We ordered marsala, baked ziti, linguine bolognese, bruschetta pizza.... and it all tasted like food you might barf up after a drunk night on the strip... Well, that is, after you washed it off in the sink.
I'm serious.
It tastes like you washed it with water.
And in the $20 price range.. where you could make this all at home with no experience for $1-2, they are sheistering you big time.
We were a group of four, and our server was hesitant to give us seconds on the bread rolls... which by the way I recognized as frozen Pillsbury dough boy dinner rolls  covered in butter and garlic powder salt (not even real butter).. it tasted chemical-ly.
Another in our group recognized some of the flavors as Stouffer's frozen food.
This review is written by native Los Angelinos New Yorkers and Europeans... maybe our expectations are too high.
You'd have better luck eating next door at Grand Luxe Cafe.
I guarantee your food will be better there, even though that's a chain.
After all, this is a fake boutique Italian restaurant in an indoor shopping mall.

Ordered the veal parmigiana, waiter commented "it was the best in town", and I was not disappointed.
It was DELICIOUS!!
The breaded veal was thin and crispy, not oily or soggy, and it was  huge -like 10 inches in diameter - and came with a bowl of spaghetti.
It was very fresh and tender.
Hubby ordered the spaghetti with meatballs and the Filet mignon meatballs were similarly fresh and very tender.
Highly recommended for fantastic Italian food!

Food was excellent!
Service was phenomenal, a great deal for being within the venetian, authentic Italian cuisine, desert was great, all around a great place for dinner; very reasonable, lots to offer!
Highly recommend!!

I was a bit skeptical because this restaurant is so small and located to the side of a coffee bean.
Moreover, it is next to a service door where lots of workers come in and out with garbage.
However, don't be fool because this place is wonderful.
The portions are big and the service is warm and friendly!
The pasta are audente and the marinara sauce that I had is fresh and tangy!
The meatballs are dense and packed with flavor.
My bf had the clam linguini which he claims is the best he had (he always orders the clam linguni at every Italian restaurant).
The bread that comes in the beginning is also very good and comes fresh and soft!
It is not cheap but it is a great alternatives to the over hyper restaurants nearby.
I really enjoyed my experience here.

This is some pretty descent food for being in the middle of a hotel mall... great people watching when you sit in the cafe seating and I have to say that the garlic rolls are really good.

Love the service and the atmosphere.
I indulged myself in the calamari and gnocchi.
My wife had the tortellini.
Both were so good.
The pasta was very fresh.
I have a new favorite Italian place to eat at.
I will be coming back here for many more years.

What a Great meal and a fun time.
The manager, Flavia and the waiter John were amazing.
So friendly and great customer service.
I would highly recommend this place and look forward to coming back.
The food was food was as good as it gets.
thumbs up all the way around.

Even before I was seated, I was warmly greeted by the owner.
When we were seated in the homey, comforting room, we were immediately waited on.
The food was exceptionally good and authentic.
I felt right at home.
Steven C. Is an idiot.
The place is great, even though its inside a hotel.

I specifically went to Yelp to find an Italian restaurant while in Vegas.
I am shocked at how many fantastic reviews are on here.
Either most people have never had real italian food OR they had an off night because my husband and I were thoroughly disappointed.
I had the carbona, and despite it being made with pancetta, it really needed salt!
My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs and it was just ok.
It was also kind of difficult to find.
Sorry guys...

OK, I've eaten here twice now.
The first time was about two years ago, and I remember my entree as being very tasty and worth a second visit.
The second time was last week, and my entree this time was just okay.
Nothing special.
However....I have to rave about their caprese salad with imported mozarella cheese.
It was awesome!
My wife and I just returned from a two-week Italy tour, and we ate all Italian food and drank a lot of Italian wine.
We had our share of caprese salads, and I tell you, Trattoria Reggiano's caprese salad is as good, or better, than those served in Italy!
It is worth recommending.
They use imported buffalo mozarella, and it is wonderfully delicious.
You must try it, even if you're so-so on tomatoes.
The combination is terrific and not to be missed.
As for an entree, I would suggest maybe ordering something with a sauce other than tomato based.
Their pasta is very good al dente; I just think a sauce other than tomato-based gives more suble taste and texture back to the pasta dish itself.
Next time I'm here I'll try the veal.
Do not be dissuaded from trying this Trattoria from the setting.
Yes, it is in a hotel mall next to a magic shop and a Coffee Bean, but the food is good and it is run by genuine Italians.
Not as expensive as the numerous famous chefs' restaurants at the Venetian Hotel, not in as nice a setting, but the proof is in the pasta and sauces.
Give it a go; I don't think you'll regret it.
Sit "outside" and people-watch.
And don't forget the Caprese Salad!

Lovee this place.
It's kinda hidden in the Venetian.
Garlic bread rolls are yummy!!
If you like a sauceless pasta try the Spaghetti Aglio E Olio, it's just perfect.

Great meatballs... A must try.
I loved how the waiter split an dish for us with no extra charge.
The garlic rolls were buttery and warm, with excellent oil and vinegar.

I am shocked at how many good reviews are on here.
This place is very overpriced for what you get.
The service was terrible, our waiter ( or the owner?
) was un-friendly and abrupt.
The food was really mediocre.
I find it hard to believe that this restaurant received an average of 4 stars.
The only good thing was the garlic bread  This restaurant was a major disappointment

Not divine and bread seemed like day old.
Not for foodies and like being in the food court -only a bit away from it.
Sat in hallway, next to magic shop where fortune telling machine kept bellowing for someone to notice it.

Amanda was super nice .After that  here comes the best garlic rolls I ever tasted!!!
!We had to get a 2nd order.I had the shrimp scampi which was good.And my girl had the spaghetti and meatballs which she enjoyed.

If this isn't "real" Italian food I don't ever want to try "real" Italian.
I went twice on this trip to Vegas.
Both times we had the Caprese as a starter - I've never had such good mozzarella.
For entrees, I had the spaghetti and meatballs and chicken parmigiana, both of which were delicious.
If you're looking for a quick, delicious bite on the North part of the Strip you have to check this place out!

Authentic Italian feel to this great restaurant!
Pizza and the breadsticks are great

I signed up for a Yelp account just so I could review this restaurant.
Best Italian food I've ever had besides my Grama's.
I'm so upset that its in Vegas and I can't eat there everyday.
( I tried to get them to let me live there in exchange for free food, they said they'd think about it.....) We had the Caesar salad, spaghetti & meatballs, their garlic rolls and our friends had the warm spinach salad, every single thing was amazing.
The server/owner Domenico was adorable and so nice.
He called my friend signorina and she blushed and giggled like a little girl.
My only disappointment was that I found it on the last day and we only got to eat there once.
Can't wait to get back to Vegas!

Don't be fooled by the location inside the mall, this is a legit Italian restaurant.
It's a small place which gives you excellent and very friendly service.
The garlic knots are some of the best I've had anywhere.
The linguini bolognese was first rate and goes perfectly with a glass of malbec.
Don't spend twice as much for lesser food at one of the mega-restaurants in a casino, go here for an excellent meal at a reasonable (for Vegas) price.

I've been eyeing this place for awhile now, but its always been too busy to stop in for dinner.
After dinner plans fell through last night, we decided to pass by and check it out.
There were tables available inside (yay!
), so we requested a booth.
After being seated, a (I'm guessing?
) manager scolded the host/our waiter for not seating us in the area out front.
Its a very tight area, you're on display for everyone to gawk at and its noisy with all the foot traffic passing through.
So,..... sorry to disappoint you dude, but that wasn't happening.
They are VERY quick here.
You're in and out, which I guess is why having only a few tables works well for them.
We ordered the calamari....good, not the best I've ever had.
I have a strict no fish policy in the desert, but I have had SUCH a craving for calamari that I could not resist.
The caesar salad... probably the most delicious caesar I've everrrrrr had!
Perfectly dressed and the lettuce was fresh and crisp, not at all wilted.
My husband loved it!
Our entrees were the chicken parmesan and the penne in vodka sauce.
Absolutely delicious.
I would have loved to have eaten every bite, but I was quite full fairly quickly.
A few issues I had with this place.... -Of course, the above mentioned manager that got so annoyed made us both slightly uncomfortable.
-....And while we're on the topic of discomfort, I was being seriously eye-fucked by the chef for the entirety of my dinner....  -The "bread" served when seated was really just overly buttery garlic knots.
And they were cold.
Also, the soda I ordered was soooooo watered down.
It looked like they had glasses with (melting) ice on standby.
Weird.
-There's a bin of what looked like biscotti that everyone kept reaching their gross hands into (despite the convenience of a set of tongs inside) and one particularly loud waiter would take a cookie and shove it in his mouth in between yelling at the cooks.
I SAW YOU, SIR!!!
-Lastly, towards the end of our fairly quiet meal a group of 8 or 10 40+ year old men came in and proceeded to act like a bunch of frat boys.
They were loud and obnoxious... not to mention, completely inconsiderate.
Every time something came to the table they ALL went "EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!
" and the staff only encouraged it.
All conversation was out the window at that point because I couldn't hear over them.
Experience was so-so, but the food was freaking good.

When I go to Vegas, I want to eat crazy awesome quality sushi, steak, seafood or buffet...
I dont really think Italian.
However; my friend was raving about this place the drive there and when we checked into the hotel room... so I gave in.
The service was wonderful, everyone was so very attentive and friendly.
The Caprese was FRESH.
Tasted like Springtime in my mouth!
I ordered the Linguine with Clams and it was probably the best Ive ever had.
Flavor was intense, pasta cooked perfectly...
I had a glass of wine while people watching...   Couldnt really have been any better...

The Hubby and I went to get him his alfredo fix on his birthday.
We noticed everyone was sitting outside once we walked up and asked for a table inside...
It worked out nice because we were the only ones inside and it felt like we had the place to ourselves :) I ordred the carbonara and the Hubby ordered the alfredo.
Our meals came out fast.
They loaded my pasta up with bacon, it was yummy.
The sauce very thick and creamy, different that what I am use to, but it was good.
The Hubby LOVED his alfredo.
I didn't love the garlic knots, but dipped in some balsamic it was good.
They seemed to be over steamed so they got hard and dry.
Overall, we were happy.

Thanks to the Yelp community, my friend and I stumbled onto this lovely restaurant nestled in a far corner of the Venetian right next to the magic store and coffee bean.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVED this place.
As when you're walking through the Venetian feeling like you're "outdoors", strolling Venice, Trattoria Reggiano exuded a relaxing respite from shopping and the many, many frou-frou Vegas restaurant options.
The smell of the fresh-baked garlic rolls becomes more pungent as you get closer and the warm, welcoming personalities of the staff definitely made us feel as if we were walking into our neighborhood Italian restaurant.
Everything felt very authentic from the quality of the olive oil, the fresh-grated parmesan cheese, and the colorful options of Italian soda and (iced) teas.
Food standouts (SOOOO good my friend and I ate there two days out of our 3 day Vegas trip):   - Garlic rolls: Ridiculously delicious.
Served piping hot.
- Spaghetti Aglio e Olio: generous portion of pasta cooked perfectly al dente with olive oil, crushed red pepper, parsley, and fresh grated parmesan cheese.
A simple but traditional dish so you know the flavor was REALLY good.
- Penne in Vodka Sauce: another generous portion of pasta cooked perfectly al dente with shallots, vodka, proscuitto in creamy pink sauce.
My friend is super-model skinny and she ate the entire dish - it was THAT good.
- Cannoli.
Holy eff.
This is the best cannoli I've ever tasted.
The marscarpone cream was light and fluffy, the shell was crunchy, and there were just enough chocolate chips for sweetness.
Considering all of the trips I've taken to Vegas, Trattoria Reggiano is definitely a standout.
I can't wait to visit again.
Delizioso!

Yummy!!!
First of all let me say I'm super picky when it comes to Italian food -- I love it but I'm so picky.
So I wasn't sure how'd this place would be.
The bread they serve is so yummy~ and I think it's all you can eat so that won me over.
I shared the spaghetti with my mom and dad and we all had enough.
It was pretty good...
I keep craving it actually and I want to go back to Vegas just to eat it!!
My other family members got the pizza, a salad, and ____ they all loved it.
My aunt and uncle said it's the best they've had since they used to live in Italy.
So it's gotta be good!!
I was happy to hear the staff speaking Italian to each other, it really gave it a more unique feel.

This is top notch Italian food!
We love this place so much, we dined here twice within a couple days!
The scampi is AMAZING.
The arugula salad is delicious simplicity.
The pasta and pomodoro sauce is EXCELLENT.
The rolls served with dinner are crazy good.
Service was attentive and friendly and we sat "outside" and watched the people in the mall.
If this restaurant was near my home, I would be there at least once a week and it would be my regular and favorite place.
LOVE IT!

Great dinning experience, the service was amazing and the food was great

I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could.
Felt like I was sitting on an Italian street, cute, quaint and good food.
Had a cheese less pizza and some meatballs.
The meatballs were good, good sauce and warm garlicky rolls.
Sat out front, great people watching.
There are a lot of restaurants in the area (in the immediate area) and this place can hold it's own.
It's solid food, cute location and good service.

Nice little place to sit with wine, bread, and  good Italian food.
Salad and the meatballs alone are enough.
Delicious.

After reading all the reviews on Yelp and TripAdvisor about Trattoria Reggiano, I had to give it a shot...and I'm sure glad I did!
Since I arrived into town late for a convention and wanted to grab a quick bite to eat, I was dining alone.
This caused a bit of a problem because while there was a small line (maybe 10 people waiting), I did not want to take up an empty table of 4 or 6 if there were other parties behind me that would fit the table better.
So I suggested to the hostess to seat the parties behind me until a smaller table opened up for me.
She felt so bad that she immediately brought me a complementary glass of wine!
After about 10 minutes of sipping my wine at a coffee shop across the way, she excitedly waved for me to come over.
Upon seating me, she immediately poured me another glass of wine and thanked me for being so nice.
THIS is the way a restaurant should treat its customers!
In fact, while eating my dinner, I noticed how friendly the staff was to each other.
What a great group of servers!
Now onto the food... Having been raised by an Italian mother in New York, I was cautiously optimistic about all the rave reviews.
I ordered the linguine with shrimp marinara, which not only arrived piping hot...but with perfectly cooked pasta and about 20 LARGE shrimp.
Now, this is how I'd normally make it for my family at home...but for a restaurant, this was outstanding!
What really made the dish was the scrumptious was the pasta sauce with its chunks of garlic and fresh cut basil.
Watching other dished being served, all I could think of was how fresh everything was.
Sooo good!
The garlic rolls that were served were the perfect accompaniment.
I was so pleased with my meal ($24) and the friendly service that I made sure to tip the waiter well and I even sneaked the hostess $10 on the way out.
I felt it was the least I could do for the two free glasses of wine she served me!
What a delight this restaurant was.
Small, cozy, romantic and very friendly.
It reminded me of many of the small restaurants I used to visit with my family in NYC's Little Italy as a kid.
It's a MUST if you are looking for good, basic Italian food in Vegas!

Don't let the proximity to the food court fool you- this is a nice, sit down restaurant.
Yummy Italian food & great service.

My family & I kind of just stumbled across this gem in the Venetian Hotel.
Unfortunately, half their seating sits right out in the pathway of walkers through the shopping area.
But the food atop of the diner's plates was too alluring.
We sat inside (which is pretty cramped).
Our waiter was pleasant and attentive.
He brought us their complimentary Garlic Knots.
While on the greasy side, they were awesome!
As an appetizer, my family and I ordered the Fried Calamari.
This could have been a meal for one.
Luckily we shared it.
Unfortunatley, it was a bit too fried.
The sauce that accompanied the Calamari was good, but I wouldn't have minded had it been spicier.
We ordered two personal pizzas to share.
Although the pizzas are thin, they are large in diameter and declicious.
We ordered a Margarita pizza and a Prosciutto pizza.
While the Margarita was good, the Prosciutto pizza was excellent.
Overall, our experience was very good.
The food was plentiful and very tasty.
The staff was cordial.
Endulge on the Garlic Knots and pizzas.

Great service, great pies, great chix Parmesan and damn fine wine and a doppio.
Loved it.

Went here after reading the good reviews.
That was not a good decision.
The food was only Ok. Not bad, but not the quality I would have expected.
The rolls were not warm which I would think they should be with the garlic and all.
One was flat out cold.
The server was horrible.
Didn't seem to care that we existed.
I asked if there was a special and he just shouted to a coworker and came back with basically "brocoli and something.
" I had to finally flag him down just to ask for the check.
Would not recommend.

My girlfriend and I decided to eat there before leaving sin city.
Seeing 4 stars on yelp, we thought that we were gonna enjoy good Italian food.
She had the veal milanese and I had the spaghetti meatball.
My question is why 4 stars ?
Has anyone ever tried Italian food ???
I only give 2 star because our server was good.
The food is really basic and is definitely not worth the price.
My girl said that this place should had been in the food court along with burger king.

This was really good.
The individual pizza can easily feed two.
The thing to know is this is located one second floor in the food court.
Not much ambience.

First, this place is really hard to find.
Its tucked away far in the back of the shopping area.
I suggest looking for Brighton or the Coffee Bean and you "should" be able to find it.
Was all excited to eat here after reading other reviews but it fell short of my expectations.
I ordered the chicken parm and it came with a small side of spaghetti.
The spaghetti was delicious.
The chicken had a reheated chicken taste to it and I did not enjoy at all.
My hubby had pasta puttenesca.
He ate it all.
Was enjoyable but not fantastic.
Two glasses of wine, our two entree's and and iced tea was $65.
Maybe I didn't order the right thing but wont be returning... sorry.
The service was pretty good.
Everyone was extremely friendly but the food just didn't do anything for me.
Plus, I just hate that reheated chicken taste.

We almost walked away... My dad wasn't impressed with its size nor its quaint decor, but I can be persistent and with the help of yelp we did circle back around and sit down.
Thank you Jesus!
It is a tiny establishment with but a few tables inside sight eh majority of the others lined up out front where people pass you by often checking out the sights and stores of the mall but you soon get over that once the food starts being delivered in the quickest fashion I have ever seen.
We had at least two waiters working our tables, making sure we had all we needed.
The wine was a bit expensive, only a few we're offered by the glass, but my nevola was damn try and perfect with my entry.
The food...
The food... Ummm... Wow...
The pillow-like garlic knots buttered to perfection, the 3 large filet minon meatballs in a red sauce that fell apart in your mouth, and the stuffed to bursting lobster ravioli with actual chunks of lobster inside covered in a creamy vodka sauce were all just too perfect.
I'm soo glad we stopped, even my dad who went healthy for this particular meal was impressed with the large thin-cut swordfish covered with olives aNd tomatoes in a white wine sauce and large helping of squash And zucchini left him a bit impressed too.
Yay!
The food made it worth the time we spent trying find this tiny little gem but for 5 stars the ambience and overall dining experience need to be top notch and this place just really needs a new location in a much bigger area so that all the tables could be inside and not in the main mall hallway.

It's been over a year since I have been back in Vegas to go to Trattoria Reggiano again.
I've been to many Italian restaurants since but nothing comes remotely close to this place.
It's a fairly small and quaint location hidden within one of the most beautiful hotels.
It usually has a lengthy wait because it's fairly small, but it's definitely worth it.
The staff was very nice and remembers my friends whenever they go back.
I had the Spaghetti Puttanesca with no anchovies and asked for broccoli instead.
They brought broccoli on the side and it was the best steamed and sauteed broccoli I have ever tasted.
I have tried so hard to replicate it because the chef gave us the recipe but there has been no comparison.
The garlic rolls were delicious, we kept fighting over them and the server would keep refilling them.
The food tasted like what Italian food should taste like.
I think this is the closest I've been to authentic.
I can't wait to go to Italy if this is what authentic is.
I definitely can't wait to go back.
I miss this place.
It is currently the most memorable Italian restaurant I have been to.

Finding this restaurant was like finding a hidden gem.
The thing with Vegas is it's either really expensive, or really cheap, with not a whole lot in between on the strip.
Trattoria Reggiano was the one place I found that was neither.
It's a very little restaurant tucked between the food court and the shopping in the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian.
There are maybe 10 or 12 tables total.
It serves what I call Italian comfort food.
Generous pasta dishes and hearty bread served just like a neighborhood Italian restaurant in Anytown, USA.
It was $40 for two of us to eat.
We had Linguini Alfredo and Shrimp Scampi.
Both were tasty and filling.
The service was polite and non intrusive.
No back waiters, no captains, none of that; just a guy who might own the place who's happy to feed you whatever you want, and then leave you be to eat it until you want him next.
Two thumbs up for casual Italian with no fuss!

Sorta disappointed after all the good reviews.
I'm hoping they only had an "off" night but the service seemed disorganized and slow.
In fact the tables being seating next to us noticed our discomfort and asked if they should leave or stay.
The food was decent so I recommended they stay, although I don't think it was anywhere worth the large bill.
Doubt I'll return next time I'm in Vegas.
I will say that the hostess and waiter were very friendly, but it seemed they were short staffed or suffering from problems in the kitchen.
But they never explained or apologized, just acted like everything was okay.
A bit of honesty with their situation would have made me feel a lot more sympathetic.
Hopefully others have a better experience.

This place is a hidden gem..... Come on, Filet Mignon meatballs...
NEED I SAY MORE?!?
I loved the sevice and food, we actually visited this restuarant twice during our say in Vegas..

I was recently in Las Vegas and my friend looked up this restaurant on yelp and it had gotten good reviews and we decided to try it....SO GLAD!
The Italian gentleman who seemed to be the owner or manager was funny and on his game.
The waiter was super fast and the food was DIVINE!
I had seen other reviews recommend eating the doodle out of the free rolls that come while you wait, and boy did we!!
The food was delicious and perfectly cooked and we were sad when we accidentally left our left-overs on the table!
So good, and I highly recommend it!

This is not one of the fancy restaurants you see inside of the hotels on the Strip.
The restaurant itself is super small and you might end up seated outside the restaurant in the aisle.
So if you are looking for an intimate romantic dinner, this place is not for you for sure.
But if you are just looking for a good Italian food reasonably priced, then this place is for you.
My husband loved his lobster ravioli and I liked my dish too.
The dessert was too sweet for my taste but I bet a lot of people like it.
Two pasta dishes and a dessert = $55 plus tip.
The service is good... the owner (I am guessing he was the owner) stands outside of the restaurant, greeting people and keeping eyes on the tables.
This place is a bit hard to find so ask a security guard for a direction when you enter the Venetian.

In the meandering maze of mercantilism that is the shops and restaurants and kiosks of the Venetian's Grand Canal is hidden a very nice Italian gem.
Although not easy to find, once there you will find a very cute, mom and pop vibe eatery with tables extending out into the walking area.
Depending on the time of year and body mass index of those strolling the shops, this can be good people watching or good impetus to cut down on portions eaten.
We arrived and were immediately seated by a quiet, older gentleman with what seemed to be an old world accent.
The orders, food, and flow continued seamlessly sand resulted in a very satisfying dining experience.
The Good: Cute atmosphere.
If you prefer not to be on display in the walkway while you eat, sit inside and enjoy a cute kind of deli feel.
The bread they bring with the meal tasted fresh, hot, and garlicky/buttery like good bread should.
Our waiter was very kind about accommodating our individual requests ("no ma'am I'm afraid the kitchen does not have any fettucine pasta today, but the tortellini is excellent with the alfredo sauce" and "I'm sure we can substitute the puttanesca sauce with your Chicken Parmesan"), and his helper kept our drinks filled.
Everything flowed nicely from start to finish.
The tortellinni alfredo was good as advertised.
They used the large pillow style pasta that I normally associate with ravioli, but they were cooked perfectly.
The sauce relied heavily on butter for it's flavor, but then it's alfredo.
If you want diet food, order sliced fruit.
My Chicken Parm had nice flavor and the breading was not as thick and KFC-like as I have had at many spots recently (although sometimes that heavy fried/batter thing can be a guilty pleasure.
) They were nice enough to make my side of spaghetti with the puttanesca sauce instead of the normal pomodoro which makes me a fan from jump.
I'm going to give the puttanesca a 7/10 just because I like a little stronger garlic flavor and more fresh basil ribbons, but that is just my quirkiness.
Did I mention the great bread?
The Bad: Nothing.
The Mediocre:  Getting to the bathrooms to wash your hands before the meal requires navigating about 4 right turns and not missing the passage off top the side, but then that was my experience of the whole Venetian Grand Canal Shopping area itself.
Overall:  Nice Italian food, in a difficult to find location, but still well worth the effort.

Just skip the food court!
Don't walk by like we did several times while attending a convention at the Venetian.
For a value price, enjoy a delicious pizza to share!
My husband and I only a 30 minutes to eat before an appointment.
The staff was able to accommodate our time crunch and our pizza was out in 10 minutes!
Besides the food being yummy, our waiter, Eric, was super friendly!

I loved this place!
If we go back to Vegas, we will definitely stop here.
It's small, but the food was good.
My fiance ordered the "personal" pizza, but it could have easily fed three of us!

Sick of the buffet food we searched out a restaurant that was closer to the room in the Palazzo.
I used my phone to locate something with decent reviews and found this place.
It was kind of tucked back in the hotel compared to some of the other places we walked past.
Once I got past the fact I felt like I was eating in a hallway of a shopping mall and paying $25 a plate for that luxury, I had fun.
They were busy and we waited for the table we got.
All of us ordered the spaghetti with filet Mignon meatballs.
The two meatballs were a decent size.
My dad said he wished they had put more sauce on the pasta, which I think I could have agreed.
The drinks comes in cans or bottle so don't expect a regular refill situation here.
I ordered unsweetened iced tea and got the largest bottle on the table.
The food came out quick.
It all felt kind of rushed.
The minute your fork was down they were taking your plate away.
I enjoyed it, but I would not eat there again even though I gave them four stars.
I think there are too many other places to pick from that don't give the frantic feel while you eat.
The owner did come out and take our order and was very nice.
They were all very nice to us.

Delish!
Excellent service.
Calamari, eggplant parm, veal bolognese, veal parm, and cannelini bean soup: delicious.
WARNING: serving portions are huge.
Share if you can.

Yelp you failed us on this one.
There is no way this place is not using a microwave.
We had the chicken parm and shrimp linguini.
The chicken was absolutely disgusting almost in edible.
The shrimp fared a bit better but still not up to par.
Do yourself a favor for 5.00 more a plate go to lavo you won't be disappointed.

The food was really good.
Just a small restaurant, so don't come with a party over six people.

Italian-American deli food for Italian restaurant prices.
While the food here was decent, there are better options very close by.
Ordered the calamari and linguine with clams to keep it simple.
The calamari was fine, not overcooked.
The linguine was fine too, nothing to rave about.
As is typical with most American-style Italian places masquerading as Italian, there was an excess of oil, the pasta was boxed, and the sauce was probably from canned ingredients.
For the price, I'd expect more than that, considering the atmosphere is not great.
The restaurant itself is really small, but more importantly it's smack in the middle of a bunch of random shops, so you get that mall feeling, and even though it wasn't very busy, the service was inattentive.

"Was excited about the swordfish carpaccio..
It was horrible!
No flavor whatsoever!
Service was not great either..
Overpriced for no good reason..the linguine with seafood was mehh...nothing out of the ordinary to wow me!
I never got a waiter to come over and ask how I was doing, did I enjoy the food, did I want another glass of prosecco?
Needless to say, I'll never go back!

I really really really wanted to like this place.
The wait time and the other reviews made me salivating for a meal at Trattoria Reggiano and I insisted that the rest of my group eat here at least once before we left Vegas the last time I went.
AMBIENCE: The Venetian was my home away from home for the weekend last month when I was in Vegas, so it was in a convenient location.
Walking past the place, it looks like a small, quaint little restaurant, but inviting at the same time with the warm lighting.
There are also tables that sort of stretch out of the restaurant, so people walking by can get a good look of what people are eating and the diners are able to people watch.
It was a little bit awkward waiting for a table because there really isn't any designated "waiting area".
Standing too close made me feel like a stalker and standing too far keeping watch on whether my name would be called also made me feel like a stalker.
Recommendation - get there early to avoid the awkward wait.
FOOD QUALITY: First thing we got on the table was garlic bread.
From my previous posts, you'll know that I love carbs/bread with a passion.
I was sorely disappointed when I took my first bite out of the garlic bread.
I was expecting warm, delicious bread - what I got was cold, oily bread.
Gross.
I thought maybe it was just an off day with the bread, but the bad didn't stop there.
If the pasta sauce that I buy at the grocery store tastes better than Trattoria, then you know there is a serious lack of skill in the way they cook pasta here.
This is especially disappointing considering it specializes in pasta and Italian food.
My group and I all ordered pasta and ALL of our pastas were undercooked.
Andrew D. ordered spaghetti and meatballs and the meatballs were a little bit cold?
- How does that even happen??
All of our dishes were not hot.
All of us didn't want to finish our dishes, but we also didn't want to just throw away $20 per person for our dishes right down the drain.
So, we all just sucked it up and ate our subpar pasta.
SERVICE: Service was poor.
The hostess seemed a little spacey.
The waiter also took forever getting to our table to take down waters and when he dropped off our food, he was basically MIA for the rest of the time.
I had to wave down the hostess after she was done zoning out to bring us our check since our waiter went MIA on us.
I was not on my Yelp game that day and my group let me have it.
It is safe to say that I will probably not be returning to Trattoria again.

The feeling this place gives you is split between a nice restaurant and a mall food court.
The waitress that served us was very helpful.
I was debating on getting the gnocchi pesto pasta and the tortellini alfredo.
She allowed me to pick and choose what I wanted and made me the perfect dish: Tortellini creamy pesto pasta with pinenuts!
It was delicious.
The waitress showed that she actually cared about her job and it was nice that she wanted to better the restaurant.
Would definitely come back if I was in town.

My boyfriend and I ate here and it was delish!
We were seated quickly and the service was prompt.
I got the spaghetti with  filet mignon meatballs and they were delicious!
I don't think that any other meatball is going to ever compare to those!
I would highly recommend them.
My boyfriend got the calamari and normally I don't care for them - but these calamaris were good.
I would recommend this restaurant to a friend.

Nice little restaurant not in a restaurant area of the Venetian.
Good food.
Service was almost too fast, mainly due to the small size.
Cozy.

Very small tucked away in the Venetian shoppes area, this place was a good find for us.
We ordered three dishes for four people, but was more than enough for us.
Garlic pasta - simple, seasoned, and delicious!
Clam linguini - i am allergic to shell fish but my party LOVED it.
And margherita pizza was crispy, thin, and simple.
If anyone is looking for simple italian but don't want to deal with the vegas wait or publicity, check this place out.

The service was very good,the server was also helpful, but there was a lobster shell in the lobster ravioli.
He laughed it off and said yeah it happens a lot,not the first time,sorry.
Ok, that's it?...
I'm thinking well is there some kind of compensation, and are they CPR certified here, what if someone chokes, there's no warning written or verbally about eating the ravioli.
Smh, anyway the lobster ravioli was the best tasting out of everything we had from here.
The chicken Caesar salad was ok, the chicken had a VERY grilled smell to it, very strong, not sure why, but the chicken was also a tad bit dry.
The cheese on it was yummy though, and I expected to see a smaller salad but it was meal sized.
The caprese salad was just ok , the cheese was fresh and moist,the tomato was ripe,but I added a little balsamic vinegar to up the flavor .
The shrimp linguini was not too bad, not as much sauce as I expected and a smaller plate than I expected but I was still satisfied and got full.
They gave us soft garlic bread in the beginning while we waited for our food, it was good with and with out my dip(olive oil,balsamic vinegar and black pepper).
We also had "Italian lemonade" lol don't even waste your time on this mess, I've seen these in the 99¢/dollar stores where I live, not just that, it's just not that good.
Well in the end it's will I go back or not.
Like all places we all go to, there's pros and cons to every spot, so even with the cons to this place I'd give it another shot.

This place was great!
We did not wait long for a seat and the staff were fun and friendly.
The food was yummy.
We ordered the ravioli stuffed lobster, filet mignon meatballs, and stagioni pizza every dish was delic.
Entree prices were between $15-25.
We will definitely visit here again.

I like this unpretentious restaurant's food much more than the dinner I had at Zeffirinos.
Why?
Because this food actually had FLAVOR!
We started with the Filet Mignon meatballs which were tasty and saucy.
As for the garlic rolls, I found those to be too doughy.
For dinner  my adult children had caesar salads, pizza and pesto gnocci, which they enjoyed.
I ordered the baked ziti which was delicious.
For dessert, we enjoyed the very dense chocolate layer cake, which the three of us were unable to finish.
This place made me wish we had a refrigerator waiting in our room so we could bring home our leftovers.
One of my favorite things about this place is the authenticity of the wait staff.
I enjoyed the energy in the place, including the yelling at each other in Italian, interacting with the patrons with personality and genuine interest, and the attention to the patrons' comfort.
You can tell this is a family owned restaurant and that they take pride in their establishment.

haha 4 stars?
is that a joke?
I ordered their pasta w/ pink vodka sauce.
I could've made a better pasta than them and i'm culinarily challenged!!
As most reviewers have noted, this place offers bread that looks hot, but is actually served cold.
Should've been my first red flag to dash outta there.
The price is expensive for the quantity of food as well.
My friend finished her linguine w/ clams in two bites.
I would suggest a local olive garden if you're looking for a better italian restaurant- at least their breadsticks come out warm.

Us: "Cheers!
Yay for yummy food, wine, and good times!
" (as we scarf down our amazing food) Waiter: "You're done with your plate, right?
Grazie.
" (as we're still picking at our plates) Us:  "Uhhh, sure..." (as the waiter takes our food away) Manager: (stares at us and hovers over our table every 3 minutes) Us: (stare back at him while we're trying to have a good time) Us: (finish our wine and conversation, and get up to leave the table) Manager: "Oh, grazie, grazie!
Come again, come again.
" (as he sweeps off our table and gets ready to seat another group) Us: "WTF was that?!
" (as our faces contort out of confusion and frustration)  Everything started off really well with the super-cute "it's like i'm in an Italian family's kitchen" setting, the waiter's charming accent, and the aroma of garlic and bread.
Food was yummy, that's for sure.
BUT service started to decline during the middle of our meals when the staff started playing a game of clean-up.
It was amusing, but irritating at the same time.
I totally understand the restaurant business and the need to turn over tables to seat new people, but don't push the damn people out, sheesh!
I will likely not be back to this place.
Bummer.

Yelp needs more stars!!
Omg!
This place is so amazing I am reviewing from my honeymoon!!
We were at "tickets for tonight " getting tickets for Rock of Ages, and a worker suggested this place, as both are in the Venetian..
They had a voucher for half off 2 entrees, so we went through the maze that us Venetian and found TR.
Delicious Caesar salad, filet minion meatballs, pasta bolognese, veal parm.
Unreal!
Just as good or better than some places back home in NYC.
Lots of dishes made with San Marzano tomatoes.
Sooo good!
Huge portions, took leftovers back to the hotel!
Cappuccino and the best tiramisu we ever had.
Very friendly staff.
Victor took good care of us.
Will def be back before we leave LV.
Def recommend!

Once again "thank you" Trattoria Reggiano for making my dining experiences a pleasure each and every time I eat here.
Each time I visit Las Vegas I make it a point to eat here; although this year I was only able to make it in once.
The service is fantastic and the ambiance is certainly like visiting a small Italian restaurant in Italy.
It is always a pleasure to see server John, whom I mostly always have wait on me, even if we have to wait for an open table in his area.
Also it was nice to see and say hello to Carl, who has also waited on me when John was off for the night.
The service was just as wonderful as always and it is so nice to have John and the other staff remembers me from year to year.
The new manager, Flavia, who has been there about 1 year, replaced the previous manager, Stephano, who went to one of the family's other restaurants.
Flavia was a just a pleasure to talk with and I enjoyed her.
I look forward to seeing her and the rest of the staff on my next trip.
Menu items chosen on this trip:  Arugula and Cherry Tomato Salad and Spaghetti Puttanesca.
Great salad and fantastic Spaghetti.
Be sure to stop by and have some garlic pizza dough rolls slathered with olive oil once you sit down.

Great food but I agree with a previous reviewer, they take the plates and clear the table too soon.
Makes you feel rushed.
It's a small place, that could be why..

I went to Trattoria Reggiano on the strength of its Yelp reviews.
How could so many people be wrong?
First, the restaurant is located within the Venetian Hotel, which is like a maze inside.
Even a map is unhelpful and we had to constantly ask people where to go to find the place.
When we walked in the waiter asked us are we ready for some "real Italian food.
" If his statement was right I never want to have it again.
First we had Spaghetti and Meatballs, Pasta with Bolognese sauce and Chicken Francese.
The Bolognese sauce and chicken had no seasoning.
Literally the chicken tasted like absolutely nothing not even a hefty dose of salt and pepper could save those two dishes.
The Spaghetti sauce tasted like it came out of a can.
On top of that almost everything is in the $20 range.
There are so many better Italian restaurants in Vegas than this place.
This was our last meal in the city before we went home.
What a way to go out on a bad note.

Nice little restaurant not in a restaurant area of the Venetian.
Good food.
Service was almost too fast, mainly due to the small size.
Cozy.

OMG!
This is the best Italian food I have ever had!,,, I love Italian food and travel quite a bit.
The food was excellent!
The sauces were flavorful without being to overbearing.
The restaurant was quaint and personable.
We had great wine and service was excellent.
Can't wait to go back!

Fantastic food and stellar service.
My fiancé ordered the lobster ravioli and I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs.
I couldn't be more pleased with this quaint Las Vegas dining experience!

Such a fun place.
Waiters are yelling in Italian, kitchen is right there and noisy, tables are close together, the bread is freshly heated and smothered with garlic,  so Italian.
Love it.
I'm very specific with food but it is always yummy, fresh and satisfying.

the best italian restaurant i have ever had.
We ordered linguine (in Clam Sauce)and spaghetti Aglio are FANTASTIC!
a must try in Las Vegas, Its much better than any buffet here

I love Italian food, and this place was amazing!
My sisters and I asked for a table of three and I liked how the man (I believe he was the manager or owner) was so outgoing and happy.
In fact, throughout our meal, we noticed him interacting with the other guests, joking etc.
The bread was nice and soft, and we had the Filet Mignon Meatballs as an app.
I'm a picky eater, but holy crap, it was delicious.
It had the perfect texture, taste and everything!
I had the linguine bolognese and that was delicious as well.
One of my sisters ordered the chicken parmigiana and she loved how tender the chicken was.
We were stuffed, but we just had to try the chocolate cake.
This was like a chocolate mousse cake and that's my favorite kind of dessert.
So I absolutely loved it.
One slice was plenty enough for the three of us.
Safe to say we walked out completely stuffed.
Our server was a tiny bit shy, but other than that, food is amazing, service is great, and we will be going back!

1 word for this place, EXCELLANT!!
Service and food were both very good.
The owner makes you feel like you're part of the family.
The bread to start was out of this world.
I got the Eggplant Parmesan and my boyfriend got the Cheese Ravioli w a side of meatballs, everything was so good and the price was very reasonable.
The place is small but don't let the size fool you.
I will definitely visit this place again the next time in Vegas.
Thanks for a great meal!

This place was awesome.
Its very tiny- only about 5 tables inside and then a more tables outside in the venetian.
We got the arugula salad which was very fresh and simple, the pasta e fagioli soup which was very light and scrumptious.
All the food seemed to have been made very authentically.
My sister had the swordfish, my mom- the linguine bolognese, and I- the spaghetti alili e olio.
Everything was really good.
The best thing about this place was our server- an older Italian man who was so accomodating.
We wanted wines by the glass that were not on the "wine by the glass  list" and he said, you can do whatever you want.
I thought that was really nice of him.
Cool ambience, great food, and great service.

Wait a minute people - 5 STARS for this???
Uhmmmm...I think the 5 stars are a TAD bit over-rated.
The food was good, it was fine, and I was hungry but no way would I put this as 5 STAR Italian food.
This makes me wonder about some of you and what your 'worst Italian food' is like.
Anyways, the restaurant is tiny and they don't take reservations.
We weren't inside the restaurant but were seated "outside".
It made me think that I was in the overflow  The filet mignon meatballs are good but I wouldn't rave about this place as if it's better than Scalini Fedeli in NYC.
Garlic bread was overhyped and I thought this place was okay - I have absolutely experienced better than this but I still think this was okay.

Don't let the small size and relative lack of crowds fool you - despite the fact that it's not on the main drag, this has the best Italian food on the strip.
We had pizza, pasta and salad and it was all delicious.
The pasta was cooked to perfection and the pizza had a nice thin crust.
We were also given garlic bread which was delicious, albeit very oil/buttery.
For the strip, the prices are reasonable.
Would definitely recommend to anyone who has a hankering for Italian food in between gambling and clubbing :)

Amazing!
We went off yelp reviews and menu Choice last week.
It's a little less pricey than a few of the others in the Venetian.
We were craving good Italian food and got it!
We ordered the ziti and ravioli with cream sauce.
It was superb.
Our server, Sabrador, was fantastic.
He was very attentive and kind.
He recommended a great wine since we all wanted red (diavolo I think) and got us the bottle.
He said he was an assistant server and that the regular server was busy but I'm glad he served us.
He deserves a full spot!
The experience turned our night around because we were Ll in a bad mood and hungry.
We left full, a little tipsy and happy.
Keep up the good work Reggiano!

Nice lady that seated us but it was all downhill from there.
WAY OVERPRICED!!!!
They charge $8 for an iced tea!!!!
So we ordered a diet Pepsi instead $4, thinking I could choke that down since this is a Vegas hotel and $4 is standard (albeit criminal)...... Out comes a super tiny glass bottle of diet Pepsi with a glass of ice.
I didn't even know they made glass bottles that small.
It was sent back.
The linguini bolognese was bland.
Plus, we ordered spaghettini (thin spaghetti) instead of linguini, but got linguini.... Maybe that's because the guy didn't write anything down.
He also didn't check on us, despite walking by about 5 times (this place is VERY small) until we were half way through our meals.
He offered to remake the meals, but we said not to bother.
Conclusion: A RIPOFF FOR BLAND FOOD.
GO ELSEWHERE.

Very small establishment - probably has twenty tables most of which are located in front of the restaurant (in the mall area next door to a magic shop with a stuffed pink gorilla).
The bread was tasty, but served cool/room temperature.
Serving the bread hot would have kicked it up a notch.
We weren't given a plate for olive oil, so we took one from the adjacent table.
The food was decent.
Ordered the lobster ravioli and thought the sauce was tasty.
Granted we arrived 45 minutes prior to closing, I will pardon the waitress & waiter (we had two individuals checking on us - we were a party of 4 - attentive, pleasant service) for not offering us dessert.

For the price, four stars.
If it were more expensive three stars.
I had the calamari and veal parm.
Both were good.
The bread was also very good.
If I could give 3.5 stars I would.

This is absolutely a hidden gem on the strip.
Sits right inside the Venetian ,and if you are not paying attention it is easy to pass it by.
Literally a whole in the wall with half of its' seating outside.
The wait for this place can be long.
Read many mixed reviews on here and decided to check this place out with my girlfriend.
Glad we did, this place did not disappoint!
The garlic knots are freshly made,soft and have that melt-in your mouth factor.
We both ordered a Caesar salad & the shrimp scampi.
The shrimp were cooked to perfection, absolutely enjoyed this dish, highly recommend it.
Can't wait for the next time we are back in town!

Last week we went to trattoria reggiano and it was amazing.
We had such a great experience.
I ordered the filet mignon meatballs and I can't wait until we go back and I can get them again.
What made this experience stand out was how personable the manager, Flavia, was.
She checked on us and gave us pointers and advice on what to see on our vacation.
(we had much fun playing tourist that weekend we didn't tell anyone we are actually locals)

This place was great!
I did have trouble finding it, but that turned out to be half the charm- it was so nice to eat in a relaxed, quiet environment.
The prices were high, but not ridiculously so- I had the Spaghetti Carbonara, a glass of the house pinot grigio, and tiramisu for $50 including tip.
The food tasted excellent.
Their bread, which was lightly garlicky, drizzled with olive oil and parmesan, was great.
They set some very nice olive oil and balsamic on your table for you to dip it in.
My only complaint- I ate there alone, and they seated another couple directly beside me despite other tables being open.
Overall, I look forward to eating there again!

Remember to buy "Tix tonight" for 1/2 price.
But not all booths have this coupon, i went to "fashion show mall" to buy coupon.
All the pasta here is good.

The employees were incredibly rude an unwelcoming.
We had a larger group (8) and they were openly irritated at our size.
Overpriced!!!
An iced tea was $8 and a soft drink (Pepsi products) was $4  3.
Apparently they don't have the technology to split checks.
Needless to say, we ended up not staying so we didn't have a chance to try their overpriced food.

Awesome!
A real find... As strange as it may sound, Trattoria Reggiano is a Japanese/Italian restaurant.
Yes, a combination.... like Spring Rolls with mozzarella cheese.
Take a cab, rent a car, it's well worth it...
Terrific service too!

The bottom line: as far as I could tell this is actually an authentic family joint.
The food is basic Italian food.
Nothing to write home about, however not bad.
The pros: the service was very friendly, professional, and quick.
They made an effort to seat us despite being quite busy.
As everybody before us has noted, we also agree that the garlic bread is really tasty.
Perhaps too tasty :)  The cons: I've had better Italian food.
I had the eggplant Parmesan which was mediocre and much too cheesy for my liking.
Another person in our party had pesto gnocchi, which was good but not exciting whatsoever.
The Caesar salad was okay, but there were quite a few hidden calories in the amount of dressing.
On the upside the anchovy dressing was pretty good.

The service and the ambiance I would rate at 4 stars.
You step into this place and you can almost forget that you are in the midst of the artificial decadence called Vegas.
It has a very authentic feel to it and the owners seem to be Italians.
Tried the seafood spaghetti and asked for a white wine sauce instead of tomato sauce.
The seafood and spaghetti itself was good, but the sauce was watery and added no flavor to the pasta.

We have eaten here twice.
The food is amazing and the service is awesome.
Keep up the great work.

I got here a lot because there always seems to be a shorter wait than with the big restaurants in St Marks Squared and the food is priced similarly and just as good.
It's a bit hard to find but it's right next to the Coffee Bean, just past where the gondola water ends.
We've ordered the spaghetti and meatballs for years because the meatballs are amazing and now we always get the chicken parm.
We were there over the weekend and tried the baked ziti, it wasn't for us.
Not sure what type of cheese they used but it just didn't care for it.
I have had problems with service because when it's busy they are a bit inattentive but the food always makes me turn a blind eye.

Had a late lunch today (a repeat visit from over 2 years ago).
Just as good as I remembered!
Reminded us of a of a local Trattoria in Rome, Italy that we visited in May 2013.
Great staff.
Thanks Amanda for all your help!

Been here 3-4 times in the past.
Today's visit was disappointing and underwhelming.
Service was quick and attentive BUT somewhat cold and unwelcoming  Spaghetti with meatballs was okay, liked it before but not so much tonight.
Shrimp scampi had decent shrimp but sauce was bland.
Bread, as usual, was consistent and good... A little oily this time but still good.
Better than most italian restaurants in Vegas BUT not the best I have had in comparison with restaurants in Los Angeles.
SF and NYC

Alright yelpers maybe we went on an "off-night" and didn't get the experience some of the others have described in their reviews, but this place is terrible!
Right off the bat, my husband & I stood around like weirdos waiting to be acknowledged to be seated...when there was an empty table...yes Mr. Waiter we are here to eat & not just standing around in front of your restaurant to watch others eat...jeezz!
So we get to sit & don't feel very welcomed.
..money is still green right?
Anyways we order the ceasar salad & shrimp scampi, the salad was just like any other you can get anywhere & our pasta dish was blah!
It didn't look appetizing and had unnecessary bread crumb crap on top of the shrimp that my husband & I both had to scrape off to taste the flavor of the shrimp.
Oh and the garlic bread that I was sooo looking forward to after reading the other reviews wasn't great, I don't know if we got an old batch or they cooked ours differently, but they lacked flavor.
We will absolutely never eat here again even if it's the last Italian restaurant left in Vegas.
Our waiter never checked on us once delivering our food, only to leave the overpriced bill for our overrated food that lacked flavor & quality.
...to others reading this & craving Italian food late at night...go somewhere else.

This place was a cozy little place tucked away near the food court of the Venetian.
Our server, who also seemed to be either the manager or owner, seated our party of three immediately.
He was very friendly and nice, and spoke with what seemed like a legitimate Italian accent!
The overall atmosphere was authentic and cozy feeling, with light Italian and classical music playing.
I ordered the linguini bolognese and it was served promptly.
It was nothing spectacular but thoroughly satisfying.
The bread they served was pretty good too, brushed with garlic butter, but not as warm as I would've wanted.
Overall a great place with above average food at reasonable prices!

Eaten here twice.
Filet meatballs are very very good.
Service is outstanding and homey.
Gnocchi pesto.
Frutta di mare and bolognese consumed at our table.
All Good, certainly not great, but straight ahead, simple, honest, good.
When's the last time anyone said that about anything in Vegas?

The service alone makes this place a five-star restaurant.
However, the food was spectacular as well!
Fresh, flavorful, hot and served with style and a friendly smile.
Highly recommend this small trattoria amidst the myriad of stores and other food options, don't miss it!

Touristy and overpriced.
Taste mediocre.

Great little Italian food restaurant!
I got the lobster ravioli and it was fantastic.
The ravioli was huge.
Their pizza and garlic bread rolls were also very good, though the rolls were a little cold.
The service was fine, though the host was not as friendly as he could have been.
He was a bit condescending when I didn't know how to pronounce the name of a pizza, and was quite unresponsive.
Our other server was great, though.

A small restaurant in a nice casino (Venetian).
Great service and very delicious entres.
We had the penne primavera and the lobster ravioli, and we both "licked" our plates clean :)

I had the mushroom ravioli and it was simply divine.
Great place to grab a hearty lunch before taking the shops by storm!
The manager or owner (middle-aged Italian[?
] gentleman) ensured we had remarkable service.
We will be back!

love the service and the alfredo was good, however the filet mignon meatball wasnt as significant as it claims to be.

One of the best meals I have ever had.
The staff was friendly and helpful.
They recommended the special of gnocchi with bolognese and it was AMAZING!!
We also shared a warm spinach salad which was different and tasty.
The garlic bread was also a real treat.
It's kinda hidden and away from the activity of the Venetian, but it was so worth it.

Found this on Yelp, as we were craving Italian food that was within walking distance of Treasure island.
This place was a little hard to find.
I get that it's in the Venetian, but some signage would be nice.
If you hit to Palazzo from the Venetian, you're going the wrong way!
The place is pretty small, so we were happy to have gotten seating on a Saturday evening.
The host that seated us was super friendly and our server was nice.
Everyone that helped us here sounded legitimately Italian.
Either that or they had a legit Italian faccent (fake accent), which was so good that it may be real.
Food here was a bit pricier than I expected (but was it really?
It's dining on the strip...), but was good.
They start you off with these garlic bread rolls.
Make sure you're limiting how many of these you eat.
They will come to suffocate you later when you try to fit more carb into your body.
The pastas here come in pretty large sizes and are so tasty you just want to keep eating them.
Don't.
Trust me when i say to box about half of your pasta.
I did just that and I was full after a while, and my family finished theirs and I almost had to roll them to the car because they were so full.
It may not have helped that we finished with the tiramisu, which was a custard mixed with ladyfingers served in a wine glass.
Everything we had here was delicious.
I had the carbonara, my mom had a seafood fettuccine, and my brother had the bolognese.
All were really tasty and plentiful.
One of the things I would change about this place is pricing (but I know it's hard to complain about pricing on the strip).
Each pasta plate cost around $17-20+.
The other thing I would point out is being able to hear the staff get yelled at/scolded since we were seated near the kitchen.
It's almost shameful to the staff to face the customers after they just got scolded!
Otherwise, food was great here and service followed through.
Give this place a try if you're in the area!

Food was ok, service was ok. Would go back.
Garlic bread was amazing and free.

The food was really tasty and service was great!!
Teeny tiny place, but we got there early (11:30AM).
There was no lunch menu, prices are a little steep for lunch, but well worth it!

Found this restaurant on Yelp when a friend was craving Italian and we wanted to have a nice dinner on our last night in Vegas.
This is a great small establishment.
I had the lobster ravioli, which was delicious.
The garlic knots which came with the meals were really good.
The others in my party also enjoyed their meals which included the tortellini and veal parm.
The prices were fair and the portion sizes just right.
The staff were all friendly, happy, and pleasant.
They also joked with us a little which was fun.
Our party of 5 had a short wait for a table since the place is very small.
It was worth it, but you may want to make a reservation during busy times if they take them.

Ok.  My friend raved about this spot and how she gets it every single time she's in Vegas but I thought it was just okay.
We went for lunch and we were the only 3 people at the restaurant at the time.
It did slowly start filling up since it's a pretty small spot.
I ordered the special, which was a sausage rigatoni.
Nothing special.
It was your standard italian food.
I may come back and try something different if I'm around the Venetian/Palazzo.

Great staff.
Nice quaint environment.
Delicious salad and margarita pizza.
This is our usual stop when at the convention.

Trattoria Reggiano has been on my list for awhile, and it was fantastic.
Tucked away and tightly run, this restaurant understands how to move people right through their meal, which I think is great.
I was coming off a cold and wanted nothing more than the homecooked feel of spaghetti and meatballs, which I had with the house chianti and the famous house garlic knots.
Best spaghetti and meatballs ever.
The sauce was impeccable, balanced but distinct flavor, and light enough not to stop your stomach a few bites in.
Pasta was just as perfect - you know you've had a good meal when you remember how much you enjoyed the experience of simply eating it.
I'm not usually capable of putting a lot away, but I finished the entire plate, and got a congratulatory, "Good job, boss" from my cameriere.
Much better than the chiding he gave the Italian sitting next to me, who was apparently letting his pizza get too cold while texting.
The bill was on my table in a flash, the real boss told a waiting guest "This table will be ready in 30 seconds," and I was on my way.
Grazie!

I squeezed in at the end and the sauce had excellent flavor, and they served it well...
I did think it was a little pricey but location is the cause...

I came here around 4 times and the food is amazing I tried many italian food and I am really picky about taste but  this is best among vegas italian restautants.
One thing that i did not like is Service from server.
I hope server check customer more often and give nice smile at least

Best Italian food in Vegas.
Everything was fresh and the service was incredible.
The waiters were these two Italian guys.
Hilarious!
This is our new regular stop when we're in town.
My wife loved it so much she gave the waiter a hug!

This place is like a hidden gem.
Small but with a nice setting.
Looks fancy even though they have paper as table cloths (makes things neater).
They start you off with bread : super delicious!
very oily, but very soft and flavorful.
My waiter, Mimmo (?
) couldn't see the whole name tag...but he was very friendly and nice.
The staff there speak italian, which made the place feel really like you were dining in a foreign country.
The other staff members were nice too (like John who kept checking up on us).
Anyways, our waiter was very helpful with some recommendations.
We chose one of his and two of our own (which turned out to be only meh...)  Appetizer: Eggplant Rollatini Plate comes with 3 eggplants.
Very large.
I'm not a big eggplant fan, but decided to try it anyways.
The fact that I was able to eat the whole thing means it was pretty decent, in my opinion.
:)  Entree:  My friends and i shared two plates.
one was the tortelloni alfredo.
absolutely DELICIOUS.
my favorite plate that night (thanks to my waiter for this recommendation)  second entree was I believe the linguine in clam sauce.
I think this is more for a seafood lover.
I liked it, but the taste was mild and mediocre after having tasted the tortelloni alfredo.
Place is small so it was full when we got there, but got a table fairly quickly on a saturday night.

Last year when I was in Vegas for a tradeshow my coworker suggest going here for dinner since the steakhouse we originally want to eat at had a 2 hour wait.
Oh boy am I glad we did.
The food was phenomenal, it was probably one of the best meals I had during the trips.
Even better than those steakhouses that we spent $75 for a piece of steak.
Garlic rolls: Hot, soft and garlicy, it was pretty amazing.
It was so hard not wanting to eat it all but I had to control myself since I wanted to save room in my stomach for the other dishes  Meat and cheese platter: Huge platter!
So much meat and cheese!
We shared it between three people and still had a lot of left overs  Linguine with clam in white sauce: Typically I am not a white sauce kind of person but this pasta dish was too good not eat.
The sauce was light and the clams were fresh.
They were really generous with the clams too.
I totally recommend this!
Veal parmigiana: My coworker ordered this dish and she kept raving how tender and delicious it was.
Calamari: Fried to perfection and the portion was huge.
Lobster ravioli in a creamy tomato sauce: Sooooooooo good.
There was chunks of lobsters in every bite.
Tiramisu: Hands down the BEST tiramisu I have ever had, ever.
I am not a tiramisu person whatsoever but this tiramisu was beyond amazing.
Overall, this place took me by surprise.
Yes, I would go here again and yes, I recommend that you check this place out.

The food and service was good.
The atmosphere was nil for the tables were too close together and most of the tables were out in the Venetian mall.
My main gripe is that the meal and one drink for the two of us was $100.00.
I think a $$$ dollar rating would be more appropriate for the Trattoria.

Our group got food poisoning from eating here.
The service was great, but we got so sick afterwards we can never come back.
Stay AWAY!
there are many other options for eating in the Venetian

This place is a great find!
We will surely come back.
It's very small but packs big flavor.
Everyone was really nice and your not paying crazy prices.

Quaint and tucked away this ristorante serves decent portions with awesome taste.
The head patrons are friendly and serve to please.
I ordered steak and it was sliced up at serving but it was really moist and flavourful.
Others in my party were pleased with the pasta.
The large antipasto however is not good.
Prosciutto, cheese, olives  were good but mortadella  and salami do not constitute a good antipasto.
Too many pickled peppers just to make the platter look full.
All around it was all good.

Wow!!!
We loved this place so much we are going back for lunch today.
Fantastic food,incredible service and great atmosphere.
Every entree being brought out looked incredible.
Bread,calamari wine,salad, marinara sauce.
Fantastic!

So many amazing things about this spot!
Let's start with the quaint location.
It isn't some huge chain Italian restaurant.
It's a small spot with inside and outside seating (of course, the outside is still technically inside since it's in the Venetian.
) We were seated immediately and multiple servers greeted us and made sure we were taken care of.
I ordered the special: cheese ravioli with roasted tomato marinara and fresh buffalo mozzarella.
INCREDIBLE.
My husband had the pesto gnocchi--also incredible!!
The garlic rolls that came out before our entrees were delicious.
They were warm and cheesy and served with balsamic vinegar and oil.
Our meal, start to finish, took no longer than 40 minutes.
I was impressed by the service, the food, and the whole experience.

This place is a slice of Italy.
The service is awesome and only second to the food.
Small, elegant and better than mama's cooking.
Affordable and a little hard to find but worth looking for.
Ask for John.

It is the best pasta I would recommend everybody thank you so much they have the best service They have the best dessert thank you again I will come again I will tell all my family and my friends

Best Italian food on the strip!
The carbonara is great!
Not too heavy, just perfect!
Calamari is good.
However is service is the best!!

We stumbled across this place based on Yelp reviews.
EXCELLENT, personable service.
I love how authentic everything, including the employees were.
I have an Italian last name and they pronounced it beautifully.
The rolls are to die for- warm and dripping with butter and garlic.
Mixed green salad was so fresh and tasted so good with the house dressing.
Loved the Linguine Bolognese - it's the real deal!
Portions are very large.
Servers are super attentive to every detail and so very kind and appreciative.
No wait and fast service.
I will refer this to anyone who wants an amazing Italian dinner experience!

I will come here every time I'm in Vegas!
I think it's probably the best italian food I've had!
The staff is always so wonderful and accommodating; this is how all restaurants should be.
My family went for my sister's birthday lunch and upon hearing this, our server brought out a huge slice of chocolate cake with a candle in it at the end of our meal.
Since we were all going to an early dinner later that day, everyone in our group decided to share a pasta dish with another person.
Instead of bringing out an extra plate with each dish, the kitchen had perfectly portioned out half of each pasta for us.
This time around I ordered the linguine bolognese.
I think this is my second favorite dish after the carbonara.
You can't go wrong here.
I think everything will be good.

Service = A+.
Food = A+.
If you are looking for some legit Italian food that is amazing and delicious, this is the spot!
The meatballs made of Filet Mignon literally melt in your mouth, and our server John was a doll with an Italian accent.
The entire staff made us feel welcome and took good care of us.
For an affordable and delicious meal I highly recommend!

More Italian American than Italian.
Nice to grab a seat "outside" , although gawkers will certainly take a long hard view of your meal.
The calamari was a bit salty but the aglio e olio was quite good.
You could do worse, you could do better .
Good service.

This is a great little restaurant tucked away in a corner of the Venetian Grand Canal shops.
The staff was very friendly and very attentive.
I was really looking forward to a plate of lasagna and was disappointed when none could be found on the menu.
I ended up having the spaghetti with meatballs and it was very good.
The garlic bread they serve is fantastic as well.
All in all, I liked it.
Definitely recommended.

The appetizer bread is flavorful and good :) Kinda like chips, if you eat to many you might not have room for the main course.
Gnocchi with pesto was great.
This is my 2nd visit.
I need to leave room for the deserts next time.

This has become my go-to dinner spot for every trip to Vegas when we actually have time for something more substantial than room service chicken strips or Earl's Sandwiches.
If you are always tight on time like we are in Vegas, order it to-go!
Make sure you call about 30 minutes before you actually want to pick it up though as it does get busy here at dinner time as it's not a fast food joint.
I'd love to sit and dine at this quaint little place in the Venetian if I could ever find time.
Fun little extra?
All the workers have pretty thick Italian accents and are extremely friendly!
Although it makes ordering via the phone a little difficult at times.
Both times I have gotten the Tortellini Alfredo.
Medium chewy pieces of tortellini stuffed with delicious cheese in an extremely buttery cream sauce.
The portion for this is a bit deceiving visually when you first get it, it seems small, but it will definitely fill you up!
Plus, the free garlic knots that come with it are delicious and are a wonderful vehicle for you to scoop up any remaining sauce you have on your plate.
YUMS  For 3 pasta entrees the total was around $55.
Which for Vegas, isn't bad at all.

The staff is very friendly and it sort of tries to have a family-run vibe despite being on the Strip.
I ordered the clam pasta and thought that it was a little bit underwhelming and lacking in flavor.
Perhaps they could have amped up the herbs and the butter?
I also thought that the garlic knots that they served at the beginning of the meal were too greasy!
The paper was covered in oil...I've had garlic knots before, and i know that they're an indulgence, but this was a bit overly oily...

Absolutely fantastic Italian meal!
Don't be fooled by the very small footprint.
This place is absolutely fantastic!
Our group had a wide variety of items from the menu and each one was better than the last.
The baked ziti was incredible as were the spaghetti and meatballs.
Very highly recommended.

Love this place!
Really small place in the food court but the food is good

Trattoria Reggiano is a must-go whenever I'm in vegas.
I've been there a bunch of times, and it has never disappointed me.
I think you can tell a lot about the skills of a chef by the taste of their most basic dish, and the spaghetti and the meatballs are out of this world, which tells me they know what they're doing!
i've also tried the caprese which was amazing, the carbonara (to die for!
), the aglio e olio YUM, and their veal milanese, which they graciously topped with a ton of prosciutto when we asked.
i'm the type of person who tries not to go to the same restaurant twice, but this place i will be visiting EVERY SINGLE TIME i'm in vegas.

Get here early, they don't take reservations.
Don't be mislead by this tiny spot- the food is authentic and totally on point!
Sit with Amanda, she's the greatest!

This tiny hole in the wall is easy to miss with all of the grand displays in Las Vegas.
We stopped here for dinner as part of a bachelorette celebration.
The service was really kind and friendly.
I was very happy with the attentiveness of the staff and how I was treated.
The food was good.
Not great, but the cost to taste ratio is good.
And in an over priced town that is a tough find.
I got the gnocchi pesto and I enjoyed it very much.
The rest of my group was in love with the bread knots they served with dinner.
Over all it was a positive experience.

Found this Italian restaurant on Yelp and decided to give it a try.
WOW!!
Authentic and so good.
It's a small place so either get there early or call ahead to check if its busy.
We were lucky and they had a table for 2 available when we got there at 6:30 but it was already pretty busy.
The waitstaff here is excellent and you can tell they are real Italians.
The food is fresh made and seems authentic.
Wine list was decent and we were able to find a nice bottle of red with dinner.
I tried the Chicken Parmigiana and it was quite good.
Portions were pretty good size as well.
I definitely recommend them if you are looking for an Italian place on the strip.

Let me begin with this: I spent 4 months studying abroad in Florence, Italy.
I am extremely picky when it comes to eating at Italian restaurants, and I am highly critical when reviewing said restaurants.
Upon arriving, we were promptly seated and pleasantly greeted by our server.
The service reminded me of what they offered back in Italia with the tables being out within the walkway of the Venetian itself.
The tables were already set up with flowers,placemats, and silverware ready to go.
I must say the environment and ambiance seemed to quite right to me.
After being seated, we were brought garlic bread that tasted pretty awesome.
I ordered the chicken parmesan while my boyfriend went for the slightly more fattening veal parmasean.
We opted out of ordering alcohol- they had a fairly extensive list that consisted of both domestic and imported choices- so that we could allocate our funds to dessert instead.
Our food came and was absolutely delicious.
It wasn't dry but both our meats were tender and juicy.
We had pasta and pasta sauce on the side, both of which did not overpower the veal and chicken.
The sauce atop our meats too wasn't too much- just the perfect amount, along with the cheesy mozzarella slice.
We had to box the remainder of our meals, and order our cannoli to go, because we were stuffed to the brim.
It's a good option though so you can return to your room, let your food settle, and enjoy a nice, romantic dessert later.
I would recommend this place if you are in the area.
Sure, it's a little pricey, but it is well worth it.
Great meals in Italy are not cheap; the same rule applies for the states.
You won't be disappointed!

We were walking back to hotel when we passed this small Italian restaurant and decide to eat there especially when we saw other customers food which appeared to be appetizing.
The offered fresh garlic bread, which was delicious!
We ordered the calamari which was really good yet bad for you because it was fried.
The texture of the calamari was soft, well seasoned and hot.
The shrimp scampi portion was huge.
Depending how you like your pasta some like it with some flavor but I like my pasta with flavor.
I guess the only good part of this is that they didn't use that much butter!
:) The shrimp however was perfect not over cooked, nicely stuffed and well seasoned.
We also had the Salsiccia pizza which was delicious.
It's a pretty small restaurant that serves pretty good food.
But when the employees speak Italian you kind of know the food is legit.

Have been wanting to eat here for years!
Glad I finally did.
Filet Mignon meatballs, lobster ravioli, seafood linguine....everything was delicious!
And the service was great!

This place is SO good.
We came here on our first night in Vegas since we were craving Italian food.
The staff was super friendly and happy to answer any questions we had.
They give you bread while you wait and it was delicious!
Buttery and covered in Parmesan cheese.
I ordered the linguine with clams and my boyfriend got the chicken Parmesan.
Seriously amazing.
I ate every last bite!
My mouth is watering just thinking about it haha.
If you're in the mood for Italian food go here.
You won't be disappointed!

I am so glad we found this restaurant.
We took the outdoor seating area and ordered Eggplant Rollatini for appetizers and Tortellini Alfredo for a main course.
Complimentary garlic bread was simply beyond words, real good!
Both the appetizer and the main dish were delicious.
Service was great.
To sum it, it was a wonderful dining experience with mouth watering Italian food!

We had read good reviews on this place so we took a taxi from Mandalay Bay to the Venetian to try it.
The place was good, the service was good.
I probably won't take a taxi so far to try it again, however if I am there I would definatly eat there again.

Great restaurant and wonderful service.
This place was a little confusing to find and is very small in comparison to other dining experiences in the area.
They also do NOT take reservations or have a full bar.
Having said that, the food here was well worth the time to find the place(yelp directions had us going to the Plaza Hotel).
The service was also top notch as Victor was very attentive.
Be aware that there are no Italian sodas and the Italian lemonade is from a bottled product and thus not free refill.

I had the pleasure of eating at Trattoria Reggiano on a Saturday night with my girlfriend and it was marvelous.
We started with the warm spinach salad.
We had the filet (sweet potatoes are a fine pairing) and the swordfish (both meals were prepared to perfection).
We enjoyed a bottle of Prosecco and ended the meal with a cannoli.
The service was spectacular and we enjoyed the intimacy of the restaurant.

I am a little baffled by all the 4-5 star reviews for this place.
It's a tiny (really tiny) restaurant by the food court in the Grand Canal shops.
The service was okay but not great.
Someone in our party ordered a pizza with chicken and the waiter forgot to add chicken, then brought us a side of chicken after they were finished eating the pizza.
Plus the pizza wasn't very good (the 90 second pizza place in the food court was better).
I ordered a pasta and wasn't very impressed either.
It wasn't bad but wasn't anything special.
After eating (keep in mind I split a plate) my stomach felt terrible as well.
Overall I would suggest looking for a different Italian place.
I'm sure there's other Italian places here with a lot better food and atmosphere.

Have passed by this restaurant for years ....but never will again.
The service is prompt, the food is authentic and delicious, and without all the Vegas hype and $$$$$$.

I must say this trattoria inside the Venetian is quite delectable.
Both the food and the service were excellent!
The more notable entrees were the 4-cheese pizza, linguini frutti di mare (contains shrimp, baby clams, and calamari tossed in a spicy red clam sauce over pasta), linguine carbonara (linguine al dente, imported pancetta, egg yolks, and parmigiano reggiano).
The dishes tasted more authentic Italian than one would have expected.
The garlic bread knots served were so good I wish I had the room to eat more of them.
All in all, terrific restaurant in a very nice hotel with very reasonable price!

This restaurant is literally a diamond in the rough.
Last year, we stopped here when we were craving pizza.
We were blown away with what we ordered and this year we swore we would go back.
Upon arriving in Vegas, this was literally the first place we went after checking in at the hotel.
We ordered a Margherita pizza to share, a glass of wine each, and also munched on the complimentary bread (with olive oil and balsamic vinegar).
We were worried that our memories of the meal last year were clouded with time and we were building it up, only to be let down.
No, no we weren't disappointed.
Oh.
My.
Goodness.
The pizza was a beautiful medley of cheese and sauce with the buffalo mozza standing out SO MUCH.
We were so happy it was exactly what we were hoping for.
This small little restaurant is worth going out of your way for if you're looking for Italian or pizza.
We will be coming back!

This restaurants was overall "alright.
"   I can't really put my finger on the ambiance.
It's like they're trying to be a fancy Italian restaurant with white table cloths.
But then the Dean Martin and Michael Buble blaring from the speakers, along with the sound of pounding coming from the kitchen (meat tenderizing?
I'm not sure but it was really loud) really threw it off.
I started with a glass of wine - they don't tell you what brand the wines by the glass are, but the cabernet sauvignon I ordered tasted an awful lot like two-buck chuck.
The garlic knots were good.
We ordered the filet mignon meatballs to start, but they really weren't anything special.
There was nothing interesting about their texture or the way they tasted.
The sauce was flat in taste and more watery / homogenous than I would have liked.
I ordered the linguine carbonara, which was fine, but was a little soggier / less al dente than I would have liked.
My date had the chicken parmegiana, which was also a bit on the "soggy" side.
Vegas is sorely lacking in pasta places and this satisfied my craving for pasta (brought on by Olive Garden commercials on repeat on Hulu.. and I flat out refuse to go to Olive Garden)... but it won't be somewhere I make a special trip for.

Food was excellent.
Service was great as well.
It is rare to find a place in Vegas that has quality food at a decent price!

We found this hidden gem of a restaurant from Yelp.
Let me just say that the food and service was top notch!!!
If we had more time we would have eaten here everyday!
My husband and I ordered the baked ziti, spaghetti pomodoro, and the pasta e Fabiola soup.
All delicious!!!
At the end of the meal, my husband had the hand pressed coffee, which he said was delicious.
This food is worth every penny!!!

Ordered the meatball app and arugala and cherry tomato salad.
The meatballs tasted good but they were served barely warm in the middle.
The plate was cold and the sauce was room temp.
Disappointing.
Salad was good.

Charming little restaurant in the Venetian.
Loved the atmosphere.
Italian accents, delicious pasta, old-school Italian music, wonderful service, and decent prices.
We will be back!

Fantastic food!
I use a Yelp all the time, but this is my first checkin.
So worth it!

This place is a hidden treasure.
A very authentic Italian kitchen.
I love the Penne alla vodka.
The staff is friendly.
Everything is super fresh and tasty.
Rarely I find pasta al dente as they should be.
I visit this gem every time I am in Vegas.

This place is so exceptional...have to get the garlic bread with olive oil, they are so good!
I ordered linguine clam with white wine sauce, it was like a clam party on a plate.
We all agreed that this is the best meal on our whole Vegas trip.
MUST TRY!!
You will not regret!

Solid 3.5 stars.
I ordered the linguine bolognes.
This dish was a great balance of flavors that were light and full of freshness.
The linguine was perfectly al dente, the quality of beef was on point and the portions were perfect.
There are a few things that I feel could be worked on just a bit and they are all service oriented.
First, I thought it was a nice gesture that they wanted to place your napkin on your lap for you, but, the first napkin was dropped on the ground and we were told they would get us another and well....she never came back.
Needless to say one lap was napkin less and the other didnt even get the attempt the first did.
Second, our server really looked like he hated his job.
I get it...you work at a trattoria in a mall in vegas.
I can see where you get the feeling of despair, but please, PLEASE put a smile on your face.
Aside from these two small things everything else was great and I would come back and dine here again.
After all, we aren't always on point and we do all have a bad day here and there.

felt like carb-ing up after a fun-filled memorial day weekend!
This little restaurant was tucked in behind the lobster me stand.
There were about 6-8 small tables outside, and 2-3 booths inside.
The ambiance was interesting, it was somewhat an authentic italian feel but was off put by the venetian traffic walking by.
The staff was attentive but seemed hastened.
Nevertheless they were very sweet.
Our noms:  Complimentary Bread: Garlic knots - should have been a bit warmer.
I'm a seasoning nazi and I think if they added more seasoning to the dough and added lots of garlic it would be delicious.
Outside was very buttery.
I took these guys home and baked them and added some garlic seasoning which made them bomb!
Starter: Fried calamari appetizer - Large portion, lightly breaded and fresh tasting.
Not bad but not the best i've tried either.
Marinara that came with it was warm but strange.
I had to add some more s + p + crushed red.
I'm starting to think I just have a salty tongue!
Entrees: I can't help but get pasta at every italian restaurant I come across.
The man got the spaghetti + filet mignon meatballs.
He thought it was OK, but then again we are spoiled by Enoteca Adriano in San Diego's spaghetti and meatballs.
(Best i've ever had) For filet mignon meatballs I thought they would be moist and tender, they came out a bit dry.
Spaghetti was nothing special.
My entree: linguini w/ shrimp in white sauce.
This usually comes with clams but I had a bad experience with eating clams far from a coast.
I loooved this.
It was light and refreshing.
Linguini was perfectly al dente.
I finished the entire thing and even mopped up the sauce with some garlic knots.
A squeeze of lemon and fresh parmesan made it even better!
(refer to picture posted)   All in all, I would come back for the linguini.
3.5!
Ohh the struggle of rounding up or down for a 3.5 star place.
I'm gonna have to round down because of the boyf's lackluster spaghetti and meatballs.
Sorry guys!
Honorable mentions: Olive oil + balsalmic were absolutely delicious.
They were obviously imported.
Yum.
Note: Pasta dishes ranged from $18-28.
$18 being the most basic pastas, so I would say it is almost towards $$$.
Happy eating!

This place was Highly recommended, from some out of town guest, we live here and never have gone.
Mixed reviews I would say....
The tiniest place I've ever seen to dine semi fancy.... More workers then tables so FABulous service!!!
I had lobster ravioli it was ok, I never tasted any lobster just a lobster flavor stuffing type filling.
My mom had eggplant parmesan, she said hers is better and other party member had chicken parmesan I tasted his, just so so.
The sauce to me tasted a little like chef-boy-ordie, it's vey light in color and I like rich robust tomato sauce.
However the cheese cake I give a FIVE to, it is fantastic, I say have dinner at one of the wonderful restaurants there in The Venetian and come here for desert and the coffee was fab as well!!!

Decided to come here since I didn't want to be eating Grand Luxe Cafe every meal being that we were situated at the Venetian.
Place is super close to the regular suites in the Venetian or Palazzo.
Located inside the grand canale shops, the place is actually pretty small.
Large groups might take time for them to accommodate without reservations.
I had the lobster rav which was pretty bomb.
Sauce was tasty but wasn't overly heavy and lobster chunks were meaty.
Also had a bite of the spaghetti meatball.
It was bomb too.
I think I had a small bite of some other stuff and just remember everything being bomb.
Including the unlimited garlic knots.
Holy shit they are good.
Just remember to triple rinse your mouth with listerine if you're clubbing later.
If you even remotely enjoy a good pasta and aren't trying to break the bank, come to this place.
Also the manager talked like super mario.
What more can you ask for.

We wanted a nice Italian meal so we set out for this restaurant at the Venitian.
First of all, our waitress Hilda was so sweet and helpful.
We had people in our party that spoke a mix of languages and so did she!
After helping me decide what to get, I was glad I took her advice.
You really can't go wrong with chicken parmesan!
Everyone else was very happy with the food and amazed by the service.
We met the manager Dora who also spoke many languages and was very welcoming.
It was a really wonderful experience and I would recommend it to anyone!

I love this place so much!!
All the waiters are Italians and they are all so nice and polite and funny!!
This place is the kind that I'm always looking for:)!

Very authentic Italian food!
I spent two years in Italy 25 years ago, and Trattoria Reggiano brought back tastes that I remember and forgot about 25 years ago when I was in Italy.
The only difference between a restaurant in Italy and Trattoria Reggiano is the service: Trattoria Reggiano gives excellent, prompt service, whereas in Italy you might have to wait 45 minutes before somebody takes your order.
Try the Vodka Pasta - a unique taste that very few American Italian restaurants have.

Vegas is like the Great Glass Elevator from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Push a button, any button, and *whoosh* you're off to some exotic destination.
Is it the great pyramid of the Mojave or will it be a poolside oasis in this devastating heat?
Well, my mama and I wished to be whisked away to the canals of Venice.
*Whoosh* and off we went to Palazzo via the Monorail.
Although only 1 stop away from MGM Grand where we stayed, we wanted to avoid the 92º heat at 8PM.
Sure we still did some walking, but it was nice and cool amongst the marble laden hallways.
After viewing pictures on Yelp of the foods served here, we we're insatiably curious to taste them for ourselves.
Our tummies were VERY happy with this choice and so were our wallets!
Trattoria Reggiano is a hole in the wall, tucked away within the Grand Canal Shoppes.
Although it has a limited number of booths inside, the seating spills out into the hallway, creating a street cafe effect that seems both authentic and quaint.
We sere seated immediately and we dove right into the menu.
And the garlic balls!
We both started with wine, ahhhhve cooooourse.
To share, we split the meatballs.
Oh, the MEATBALLSSSSS.
So tender.
So simple.
So hot.
So meaty.
Smothered in the house "gravy" or "marinara" sauce, these went perfectly with the garlic balls served complimentary.
The best things in life, come in ball form.
They almost always come as a pair too.
For our entrees, Mama went for the chicken marsala and I, the carbonara.
Mine was so rich, creamy, and the right amount of salty bacon.
Although I was extremely full from the meatballs and bread rolls, I don't know how I scarfed this amazing bowl of pasta down, but it was DAMN DELICIOUS.
When all parts of a restaurant (ambiance, service, food, timing) come together in serendipitous unity, it's pure bliss.
It's also the button I wanna press all the time in the Great Glass Elevator.

Small and quaint!
A nice change of pace from the usual vegas mass herds.
The spaghetti carbonara is fantastic.
The prices and very reasonable and the staff was attentive.
A hidden gem!

The complimentary bread is AMAZING!
Soft, buttery, and delicious.
I ordered the linguini with white sauce and clams and the calamari.
The linguini was a bit too al dente for my liking and could have been a tad bit softer, but the calamari was scrumptious.
The fresh marinara sauce and the touch of lemon was perfect.
The service was superb.
The waiter was attentive and friendly.
They were more than willing to give me extra marinara sauce when I asked for take out boxes.

This place was absolutely amazing!
I ordered the clam and pasta.
It was sooo good.
The complimentary bread was also very delicious.
The service that the waiters provided was so caring and sweet and definitely patient to provide excellent care for their customers.
Although this place was very small, it was indeed very nice.

This truly is a delicious pizza.
We stayed at a hotel nearby and saw an advertisement dropped off under our room door.
(Great Idea) We decided we were staying in and having drinks, playing cards and enjoying each others company.
We decided pizza would be a great idea and boy was it.
Not only were they quick, but the delivery person was nice and polite.
The Pizza was great, wings were crispy and delicious.
We have absolutely nothing bad to say about this place, as far as pizza goes.
Lol.
Definitely a place to order pizza.

Outstanding!
Great food and service.
Kid friendly as well.
Reasonable prices for food and alcohol.
Filet mignon meatballs are as advertised.

My family and I dined there July 8th for lunch.
the food and service were fantastic!
Our server Victor, seated us right away and helped us chose our appetizers and entrees.
He was very pleasant and knowledgeable.
With his help we chose the perfect amount of food.
He brought us the most deliciously warm seasoned rolls that we had to have a second serving.
We ordered calamari, ceasar salad, chicken parmigian, shrimp with linguini in a marinara sauce.
My family loved all of it!
We're from NYC where there is no shortage of good Italian restaurants so we have a pretty good idea about what good Italian food should taste like.
Did I mention the rolls????
We ordered pretty standard stuff and they executed these dishes to perfection.
Victor took care of us by being very attentive and predicting our every need.
My only regret was not having enough room for dessert.
For 5 of us the bill was $90 including tip, a steal!
Remember this is the venetian palazzo complex where restaurants can make your wallet cry all the way to the bank.
When I go back to Las Vegas, I'm definitely going back for round 2, this time with a little extra hunger to squeeze in dessert.

Had it not been for yelp, we probably would have never tried this place and I'm so glad we found it.
The food was great, they have a nice wine selection and the service was good.
The meatballs were delicious and so was the carbonara.
The atmosphere was not what I had expected, but overall this is a great spot in Vegas.

The food here was pretty good, though we made the mistake of arriving about 10-20 minutes before close.
We wanted to sit inside because it looked cozier than the tables in the middle of the walkway, but we were told actually they were starting to clean up in there so we would have to sit outside.
No problem!
However, we felt immediately like the few waitstaff were visibly upset we had been seated, particularly our waiter.
He looked tired, and annoyed he had a table.
So much so we literally asked him 3-4 times if it was really OK that we were sitting down to eat.
He assured us it was OK if we put the order in quickly.
Overall, they pushed the food out quickly, and we all enjoyed our pizza/pasta.
For the price, this place is quite the deal on the strip.
You get a lot, it's in a nice indoor location, and the food was very good.
If this was a normal restaurant I would give it 3 stars (entirely because of the feeling like we were a burden, the food was great), but the value vs others around make it a 4 for me.

