Rush could easily be a four star lounge in Vegas,  but they really do not know what they are about ..... right now.
Their decor and setting is super.
The lounge is located off the casino floor in the Golden Nugget.
They have a really good band playing - the Frankie Moreno Band.
This band has a great sound and they work hard They are wasted by this lounge for the most part.
The lounge has a nice circular bar, a set of tables to one side, an area of cushions that could be set up for bottle service on the other.
Then - on the opposite side of the room they have black jack tables set up..... and - A couple of guys actually playing ???
That is a bit much - all people have to do is got 50 feet into the casino area to play table games.
I find them really out of place as couples are dancing and the band is cranking out an amzing sound.
Rush - decide what you really want to be and go for it.
This lounge does not have tp have a little of everything for everyone to be really great.
Dance and party in here ...... play table games out there - to me ... they don't mix.
........... however  -the lounge sports a supurb band -     Enjoy

Nice atmosphere... great staff... awesome entertainment.
Great classy place to grab a drink.

My friends and I came here on Saturday night to check out the Frankie Moreno Band.
This lounge is fairly small, but they have very cool seating areas.
Our service was friendly and prompt and the band was rockin the house!
Drinks were strong (and plentiful!
)   We probably would not have know this lounge existed if we had not been invited by friends to view the band there.
Now that I know about this place we will probably come back when we are downtown entertaining friends.
If this was a review of the band alone it would be 5 starts.
Rush Lounge is VERY lucky to have such amazing talent playing at their venue.
The Frankie Moreno Band is like non other.
SUCH TALENT!
Can't wait to come back and see them at Rush Lounge again.

This is almost a hidden gem located inside the Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino.
It's a great place to chill out, grab something to drink, and just sort of hang out and plan your evening.
It's closed during the day but opens up at 5 pm.
Around 8 pm (or whenever the game is over) they usually have free live music, including some excellent jazz.
The TVs are still on and surround the top portion of the bar.
What I have found a little awkward though is that these are nearly impossible to see if you're actually sitting at the bar.
You'd have to lean so far back in your chair that you'd likely fall backwards.
Talk about falling off your barstool!
Imagine explaining that one when you get back home.
There are also nice tables and couches surrounding the area if you'd like to sit there.
And then you can see the TVs.
And of course you can enjoy the excellent music in both areas.
And I should mention there are Blackjack tables in here as well.
So if you really want to multitask, grab a drink, play Blackjack, listen to live music, and watch TV.
All at once.
Don't forget to tip the musicians and have them play a request for you.
Just as a tradition, I always get them to play a Lionel Ritchie song for me.
One time the sax player said he didn't know a Lionel Ritchie song so he'd play one from the Commodores (before Lionel went solo).
Talk about improvisation!
Love this place.

Bartender has a long pour and the service is excellent.
comfortable seating and the sax was great.
I will definitely be back.

The bartender wasn't very friendly (this was 10:00pm, Thursday Oct 4).
Not that he was mean, but just wasn't very welcoming.
It also took a long time for him to ask me for a second drink.
I had to keep looking at him to get his attention, and it's not like the lounge was busy.
The musical act was good though, the ambience was demure.
The noise level was low to moderate.
I'd go back.

Love love love this place... Fun environment.
Great love fun music!!!
Hidden gem!
Rock this town rocked the night!!

F#####' love this place.
We go here, at least for a while, nearly every night we are in Vegas.
Julie the bar tender is excellent.
There's a guy who come on for an hour who is a little less friendly.
Live music act is great and will take requests.
The only real negative is the bar stools.
If you lean back the top of the back rest digs into your back.
Gets uncomfortable.
Otherwise, as everyone else has said.
A hidden gem so don't tell anyone.
We have NOT been here on Sunday or Monday nights so don't know what it is like.

This is a bar inside the Golden Nugget casino.
We arrived right after a band finished and before a new one began playing.
It's a very small bar, so if there's music, it's loud.
But we weren't there for music.
Kudos to Boris the bartender.
I asked him to surprise me and expected him to make me an existing drink.
But no.
He asked if  I wanted sweet or dry and if I preferred vodka or tequila.
Then he INVENTED a drink for me!
It had tequila, pineapple juice, lime, and blue curacao (I'm probably forgetting something).
It was yummy and as strong as 3 drinks-- no joke.
My husband had a rum and coke and his was also very strong.

