Uhhhhh, Ok I guess this place was good, my only complaint about it was the mac n' cheese that I got wasn't stirred up, it looked like when you make kraft mac n' cheese and just pour the cheese powder on there and not mix it together....yeah kinda gross.
Everything was great about this place otherwise, fast and friendly service and was in and out within 6 mins.

This KFC is poorly ran with an exceptionally poor evening staff.
I have visited this location about 10 times over the last year and have left twice without purchasing food.
the first was due to a 20 minute wait, second was due to staff informing me that the dining room was closed during normal business hours and that I would need to purchase my food in the drive through.
With the mess up of my order (two other occasions) that arent apparent until I have already gotten home.
There have been at least two occasions where I have been treated very well and have gotten excellent food with great customer service but unfortunately they were all during the day time.
Make sure you check your food!

Food is ok, not fresh if you go at 12:30 after lunch rush.
Staff to busy talking in the back.
Not impressed with this location.
Avoid this location

Trash was overflowing!
Literally.
The dining room had one couple in it, and unless a busload full of people left moments before we walked in, I can't think of any valid excuse that the trash was overflowing, the tables weren't wiped and there was trash all over the floor.
The only reason I'm giving two stars is - the chicken was great (we took our order home), the order was right and everything was hot.
We got an extra spork in our order (bonus) so I'm not gonna hold the fact that there was no honey packet for the biscuits (its not really honey anyhow, ya know..)  Management - clean up your act.

KFC as a whole is just not worth the money.
This store sells you overcooked hours old chicken to boot.
Frys has better chicken.
So sad.

Why isn't less than 1 star a possibility?
We try this every now and again, thinking it's got to be better.
This was just a one bad night.
Well, that's it.
Service is too long, employees don't know their menu, the place is warm, service is terrible, and the food is not that great to begin with.
We have had ore bad experiences here so we won't go back.

It's probably been about a year or so since I've been here.
I ordered the 3 piece combo with a large drink for $9.05.
Pretty pricey for 3 pieces of chicken and two smallish sides and a drink.
I'll let you in on a secret, I pull the fried stuff off of my chicken.
And underneath all that fried stuff are juicy and tasty pieces of chicken.
The cole slaw at all of the KFC's is the best.
Nobody beats the Colonel on cole slaw.
The biscuit was good, I usually throw it out 9 times out of ten because it's usually hard and rank tasting.
So the Colonel has definitely stepped it up a few notches in the biscuit department.
More mash potatoes instead of all that gravy people.
I didn't come here just to eat gravy.
The place is clean and the employees seem to do a good job.
Why only 3 stars.
That constant drive up bell drove me nuts.
I was trying to get some reading in and the bell keep ringing non-stop.
It kinda reminded me of the ACDC tune Hell's Bells in the beginning of the song.
Imagine this bell sound every 15 seconds while you're in the dinning room.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0G1RqPUvW8Y

If I could give a No Star I would give it to them.
The food was cold, the service sucked, ( drive thru ) personnel had big attitude as if I was inconveniencing their "chill" time, and they gave me attitude for speaking proper English and them not understanding it.
So I will never go back to this KFC.

Seriously, worst KFC.....EVERY TIME.
Chicken: hard and been sitting in a warmer for probably 4 hours.
Drive thru: Doesn't even say hi.
Receipt....what receipt, we're gonna jack up your order so why would we give you a receipt?
Order: NEVER right.
I don't know why I keep going back....oh ya because most KFC's have their stuff together, but not this one.
It's never clean in there, there's almost ALWAYS homeless people hanging around and someone in the parking lot working on their car.
I'm done with this ghetto location, if I want KFC I'll make the drive to a nicer location where they won't eff up my food.

It's Friday night at 5:30 and I ordered an eight piece of extra crispy.
I was told it would take twenty minutes.
I left.

Not so great chicken, and a service charge.
Ordered two 10 piece buckets, one of which was total mush.
Not a crisp piece in the entire bucket.
In addition, I was charged a 39 cent service fee for using a debit card.
There is now a sign in the window that this location charges a 39 cent service fee on all orders with a 39 cent discount for cash and CREDIT card customers.
When I questioned the charge, and informed the not-especially-helpful cashier that my debit card can also be processed as a credit card, he insisted that it could not, and that their system charges automatically for debit cards.
What a rip off!

