Good ice cream.
I recommend the coffee and the mint.
The birthday cake remix is sickeningly sweet.

Cold stone, you get 5 stars for the scantily-clad girl in pink go go boots... holding a Cold Stone sign...rocking out on her iPod...on the corner.
This practice needs to be expanded outside the Vegas area.
Oh yeah, your ice cream is good, too.

This place is alright but I would have to subtract one star because its too freakin expensive.
For what you get, you are better off going to Baskin and Robbins.
I am really on the fence with this place.
2 3/4 stars maybe.
Too fancy.
Ice cream should be simple.

Our ice cream guy was very friendly & helpful and the ice cream's pretty good too.
However, the prices are waaaay too high and we won't be hurrying back.

Terrible service!
The ice cream is what you'd expect from cold stone, but has the worst service by far!
I only go here because it is the closest to my work and house.
I was there last week and the guy gave me a kids size when I asked for a love it.
I also asked for no sprinkles and he put extra.
And he was super rude!

If you want your ice cream served by rude bitches, by all means, go here.
I went in with my fiance and friend after eating at the Thai restaurant a few feet away.
The three of us walk in, my fiance wanted a peanut butter shake.
"We don't have peanut butter ice cream, but we can put peanut butter in the shake, what kind of ice cream do you want?
" He ordered the chocolate malt ice cream.
Then I order, then my friend goes to order, and as Sammy the "leader on duty" walks out my friend goes to tell her what he wants, but instead is told, "Oh she'll help you when she's done.
" and helps the person after him.
I don't know, maybe I'm not sure how a line is formed and serviced, but I thought it was on a first come first serve basis, but apparently at Cold Stone, it's every OTHER person in line...who knew?
Anyway, my fiance goes to try his shake, and low and behold...no peanut butter.
He goes to the register and just simply asks, "Can you add peanut butter to my shake?
"  Sammy looks at the ice cream scooper who took our order and asks, "Did he ask for peanut butter?
" ....she says no.
Seriously little girl?
We were all there, we had a discussion about not having peanut butter ice cream...how can you try and manage this lie?
So as I'm explaining to this girl to try and refresh her memory about our order...Sammy rudely interrupts and says, "Well it's going to cost more to add peanut butter.
"  We all just looked at each other shocked and the girl who took our order stated, "My bad.
" as if she really thought that was a proper apology.
Wow.
So we all walked out.
I will not be coming here again, just because I'm worried for MY well being.
I wanted to throw my fiance's shake at Sammy aka leader on duty's head for being such a rude brat.
If they were a little bit nicer, and actually acted like they cared because I don't know...that's your job working in customer service...I wouldn't be so bitter about it.
If any of you ladies are reading this, please remember you aren't going to get too far with that kind of attitude with anything you do in your career.

This place is discustingly dirty!
Looked like someone hada food fight in there icecream on the walls Not to mention getting served by a" chick" with earings in her lip allover that was discusting I should have walkd out the minuite she said can I help you!
omg!
not around food please!
the icecream sucked it wasnt even cold!
and the strawberry shake had no flavor to it!
never again!

The ice cream is always amazing, but at this location, the service is lacking.
My most recent trip was about 9pm on a weekend night.
I understand this is the busy time, but there were two girls working who clearly understood they were "paid by the hour" and had very little motivation to a. engage with the LONG line to thank them for their patience b. prepare and take orders any faster.
Personally I think on a busy weekend night there should bee MORE than 2 people working...
Despite the mediocre service I'm sure we will be back, and even though there was a wait, I'm sure we will wait again.

There was a  cockroach crawling inside the glass where the candy and shell are.
French vanilla was stale and just nasty.
Do not know if this is locally owned or not but they need to do something.
Bad all around

If you enjoy wasting money and being treated like you're a waste of time, this is your place.
I walked in this particular store at about 930pm tonight and ordered two sundaes, which were thrown into a box in a heaping mess that you wouldn't eat if you were a starving junk-food addict.
THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST STAFF I'VE ENCOUNTERED IN THE LAST 5 YEARS HERE IN THE VALLEY.

My cousin and I had to run to Cold Stone for a last minute birthday cake for a family friend.
Nothing special.
It's usually a small place.
This location was super busy!
There were two associates working, but the wait was sooooo long.
Maybe more staff members are needed, however, it was at 8pm, so maybe that's the reason.
We got the chocolate/raspberry cake.
Came out to about $30.
Super rich and delish.
Make sure you thaw that bad boy out for a long time, though.
It took so long and we were craving it!

Contrary to most reviews, I had a good experience here.
This was my first time at this location.
It does look like it could use some remodeling...
I asked for a scoop of cookies n cream ice cream.
Apparently they have some blueberry muffin ice cream as a Mother's Day special which replaced my beloved cookies n cream.
Oh we'll, the counter girl offered to make it with the sweet cream vanilla and extra Oreos.
Came out delicious and I was pleased with the service.
No complaints, hopefully it stays this way.

I don't come here at all but Moms was in town so she wanted her Cold Stone.
First, I tried the Cotton Candy and was not impressed.
Second, it was completely empty on a Friday evening and the service was great.
The guy behind the counter was extremely friendly and it could be because of all the bad reviews if service he was over compensating for.
Nevertheless, he kept us engaged in conversation.
Last but not least, a nasty a$& roach found his way up on the counter and tried to make his way into my snickers sweet cream ice cream.
The guy tried his best to be discreet and whack the little critter away....several times and for that is why I gave them two stars.
They will never see me again, EVER.
Smile

I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews about this place, I'll tell you something, I haven't had such great customer service from a fast food/ice cream shop ever before.
The tall girl with black hair (I think her name is Maryann) helped me, and she is phenomenal.
First off, I went in right as they opened at 11am.
Now I know usually when a customer walks into an establishment right at opening the employees there are usually less than cheery about it.
Maryann was incredibly welcoming and nice.
I wanted to purchase a Cookies and Cream cake.
They didn't have one in the display, but Maryann told me that she had one in the back that just needed to be frosted and decorated.
She asked if I could wait 15 minutes and I said sure.
She had that cake beautifully frosted and ready in 15 minutes.
On top of that, while we were waiting,  my niece decides she wants ice cream.
She wanted a chocolate dipped waffle bowl, but they were out of the chocolate ones.
I told her a regular one is fine but Maryann says, No problem, just give me 2 minutes and I'll have a chocolate one ready for you.
She dips the bowl in chocolate and adds sprinkles on it, which my niece loved.
She popped it in the freezer for 2 minutes and Voila!
Chocolate waffle bowl ready.
I felt like I was dealing with an employee who genuinely cared about my experience.
It would have been so easy for her to say No, we just opened and we're out of that, sorry, and just leave us hanging.
Which is what tends to happen a lot when you have young people working at establishments.
But not here.
She brought out my cake, asked my niece if she was enjoying her little ice cream,  rung us up and asked us to come back and see her again if we ever needed cakes or ice cream.
I definitely will.
I'm just overall really impressed.
Great customer service.

I came here to redeem a gift card and what a treat.
I was surprised to see there was a healthy side of the menu with fruit smoothies, but I was here to pig out on some ice cream- no fruit wanted today!
There are many choices of mixtures and toppings to chose from or there is a menu with popular combinations.
I still like to watch how they mix it all together on the stone- that never gets old.
There are also ice cream cakes or cupcakes available to purchase or order for a special occasion.
The place was clean and the employee who served me was pleasant and bid me farewell when I left.

Maybe, just maybe this place is on a positive road to recovery.
It had an A rating from the city and even though it had a small rush during our visit the two ice cream scoopers kept their cool (pun intended) and kept their work stations clean, the scoopers rinsed and the customers served.
We will be back and encourage you to give them a second try.

I try to get my boyfriend to try new things.
Especially things that I grew up on.
But when I take him here, I feel stupid.
Because  1: the girl who made his ice cream put to much in his cup & by the time we had gotten home, his ice cream melted over the edges.
2: there was a HAIR strand in his ice cream !
3: they do not filter out their toppings so the marshmallows in my ice cream were nice & hard.
Gotta love hard marshmallows right?
I love Cold Stone but I WILL NOT be going back to this one.
I have never had such a bad experience with Cold stone before.

Come in 9:45 while they are still serving customers and was told they were closed..."because their ice cream was broken"...stay away.
We've visited this location before only due to its close proximity to the house, it's usually crappy service but good ice cream and the kids like it but this is a new low, "broken ice cream".

Convenient location.
The people are very friendly.
Great custoner service.
Every time I go here I am not disappointed at all.
My order that I get every time never changes, it is always the same and taste delicious!
They are very cleanly and keep the floors clean and free of dust and other garbage.
It is right next to the Vons grocery store and At&T store in this plaza on Durango and Warm Springs.
It's a nice quick stop place to get some delicious ice cream.
Definitely the only Cold Stone I go to when I am craving something cold on a hot summer day.

I love the ice cream so much, but their service is absolutely terrible!!!
Whenever my bf and I go to get the "Everybody's" size, the workers either make a complaint (like say the ice cream need to thaw), or makes an "are you serious?
" face.
One worker didn't even fill our ice cream to the top of the bucket, but made a snarky comment how the brownies should take up most of the room.
My bf was so ready to make a complaint, but I had to seriously pull him out of there cause I was so sick of the girl helping us.

Great customer service.
We were greeting when we walked in.
The cashier was  very friendly and patient.
She let the kids try any flavor they wanted.
Thanks for the great service.

My hubby and I finally decided to give in and get some ice cream one night.
#1- we have had Cold Stone before in other cities.
#2- they never fully mixed in the toppings like they are supposed to.
#3- the kid behind the counter made a joke about ice cream going straight to a girl's hips.
Then followed it up with "Oh, she works here.
" Like it was okay and not offensive to anyone else waiting.
This place needs a manager and if they have one, they need a new one.
I won't go back just because of the way these kids act.
Disgusting.

I came here a few weeks ago with my roommate, it was abut 30 minutes before closing, the line was out the door, literally.
There was only one girl working that anybody to see, she handled every order so well, i would have probably ripped my hair out looking at that ever growing line, but she did so well, it didn't take too long for her to get through the multiple orders, she was awesome, i wish i could remember her name.
I also find it weird that she had no help, she handled it, but it really looked like there should have been some help.
The ice cream is obviously always good here, i could never complain.

