Been here for lunch a few times.
Today was exceptionally disappointing.
We asked to be seated in a location with a little more privacy, suggesting a table.
After the hostess seats us, we wait for 5 mins while servers buzz around all the other tables.
My friend decides to go up to the hostess area to let them know we'd actually like to get served in this century.
We order the 'Bottomless Soup & Salad'.
It comes with bland tortilla chips & some decent pureed salsa.
The tortilla & baked potato soups are cream based, so it's pretty rich.
The house salads are ok but nothing to brag about.
The best thing about this place was our assigned server Jeff.
He was extremely apologetic about the 'rocky start' as he called it.
Our food came out within minutes of placing our order & I think he checked on us @ least 6 times.
We really appreciated his effort despite the food quality.

Our experiences at this location have been consistently better than the review from last month.
Lucky, I guess!
We have a family of five, and rarely have to wait more than a few minutes to be seated - lunch or dinner.
Lately, of course, this is not a suprise - this one doesn't do the business that it used to, since the economy went down.
Anyway, the hostess is always nice; the server is never the same, but always very courteous and friendly; and even more important to my kids, our food is ready pretty quickly.
I don't think I have ever had to wonder what the deal was, while at this one.
Other locations, oh yeah.
Three stars because the service is always good and the food is decent for a chain.
But it is still a chain restaurant, and we never expect anything more than what a chain restaurant can offer.

it's a Chili's all right, but we saw something so damn funny here that I had to yelp it.
A bus-boy cleaning up the table next to us was apparently hungry because he was eating the leftovers right there while cleaning up the table.
It was so damn funny we started laughing about it.
Gross.

First time I ate at this one, got a great server.
She was very friendly, spot on with taking our oder and getting our drinks/food out.
I had the Steak Fajitas, they were good, still sizzling when they came out.
Was very happy with the experience.
Second time, was December 2009, was sat at a table that had a hurricane blowing down on us from the A/C vent.
Waited 10 minutes before anyone showed up for me to even ask to have it turned down, then another 5 minutes for our drink order.
I ordered the Ribeye Steak, my 4yo son got mac & cheese, my girlfriend got a buffalo chicken sandwich.
40 minutes goes by (and the place wasnt even busy), drinks completely empty, our food comes out.
My fries are soggy like wet shoelaces, my steak that was supposed to be Medium was cooked all the way through and cold by the time it made it to the table.
I'm guessing it sat under the heat lamp the entire time.
I hate sending food back because.. well i've seen the movie Waiting and it terrifies me.
But for a $20 plate thats so gross i cant even eat it, i have to do it.
15 more minutes goes by, my replacement comes out and its cooked more to order but tastes like a $3 manger special skirt steak cooked with a cigarette lighter.
After one bite, i left it.
Total bill was around $50 for 2 adults and 1 kid.
I'm never going to this Chilis again.

The service we got was the slowest that we have had in over two years.
There was only 2 of us and it wasn't a packed house.
Don't get me wrong, the food was good but the service just made for a bad experience and was very irritating so it definitely ruined our dine in experience at this location.
We most likely won't go back again, probably first and last at this location.
Very slow.

It's Chili's, what can you say?
Staff is friendly and lunch specials are great.

Very good food...service was a little slow, but not too bad.

We have been here a few times, and what can you say?
Food is ok, service is up and down.
It does the job, Chili's is no where close to what it use to be!
It was my favorite place years ago, but other chains have past it since.

We had a great experience there today and every time we go.
Its a five star Chili's restaurant.
My family can always find something that everyone likes, price is right, and service was great and quick for lunch crowd.
We are always seated in a timely matter.
We can count on everyone enjoying their food every time we go.

You would hope that after a remodel, the staff would take a look at themselves and remodel their customer service.
This Chili's is horrible at customer service and having any sense of urgency to taking care of their customers.
Yesterday I took my son out to lunch and waited 10 minutes first in the bar before going to the main dining area hoping for better service there.
The host who sat us walk slower than a 100 year old person (he was probably 22).
The service was slow...
I spent 1 hour and 10 minutes at Chili's for lunch...are you kidding me?
Store management needs to take a look at themselves to find out what the issues are and how they can fix them.
Maybe new employees is the answer.
Givemeabreak

First the service was average!
We waited a bit to long to order and get our food!
The food was average for Chilis, but when my wife and daughter got the steak they order, wow rediculous!!
Now why I see why it is 2 meals for 10dls.
The steak looked like two stones, horribly over cooked and looked like a piece of frog so small.
I guess that's what to expect when u get the 2 for 20dl meal, not worth it at all!

Bar Review only!
Mon-thursday: all day happy hour on beers and well drinks.
Free chips and salsa in bar area...  Sign up online with Chili's to get coupons.
We had to buy a entree, but got an appetizer for free.
Also got good service in the bar area.

If you like getting food for free, this is the place to go.
I signed  up on their website to receive coupons and special offers and they aren't stingy with their coupons.
We went to  Chili's for my husband's birthday and I had a coupon for get either an appetizer or dessert for free.
Since it was his birthday, he gets a free dessert anyways, so we ordered an appetizer.
We chose the southwest egg rolls.
That was actually my entree since there are free chips and salsa in the bar for happy hour and I filled up on those.
My husband had a burger and was satisfied.
We got to order a dessert too, but I can't seem to remember what.
I'm not a dessert person at all.
Service was good, a little on the slow side, but very polite.
I love the remodel.
The place looks great!

Ryan usually is our server!
I love the chips and salsa and queso dip.
It is not too expensive.
There is never a wait and it is always clean.

I have been to several different chili's in other states and this is by far the best one!
Love the queso dip with chips, my sliders were amazing and my boyfriend loved his fajitas.
The waitress was one of the best ever, she was filling up my drink before I even had to look around for her.

Usually I'm a huge fan of Chili's... Tonight is a big exception.
The order was messed up and it took over 20 minutes for a ham (supposed to be turkey) sandwich.
That means service and food were bad...
I'll be back because I love Chili's but tonight is was very disappointing.
I should add, they comped my sandwich, as I only had the first few bites.
Chili's can be so much better!

Came back for another late night meal and it was just as good as the first time.
Had the big mouth bites which are always amazing and juicy.
Our waitress Vanessa was the same one we had before and she is possibly the best waitress I have ever had!
Ask for her if you go, you will never be thirsty!

My kid wanted to go here for her birthday so that is where we went.
Jason was our server and was by far the best one we have had in a while.
He was proactive and very attentive with a great personality.
The food came out properly cooked and had flavor which is what one expects from a chain but doesn't always get.
Definitely a great experience here.

I had an outstanding experience there with family visiting.
Our server (actually, every member of the staff we encountered) was outstanding, helpful, and enjoyed what they do.
The food was also phenomenal.

Disappointing service.
Servers, hosts, and every worker I saw was rushed and pushy.
Never deferring to guests when walking aisles.
I understand being timely, but leave the pushiness back of the house.
When you are on stage, play the part.
Exceptions to the above are Jason and Jennifer.
Both understand the art if service.
Both are attentive and friendly.
Food was amazing as always.
The new fresh next menu is terrific.

This is my second time here in 3 months with my girlfriend.
The service was pretty awesome this time but the food was totally crap.
They burnt the crap out of my hamburger and when I told the server she said that they thought it was before they brought it out.
I asked why did they bring it out?
She said the cook and mgr said to do so.
Well I had her take it back and I said no to getting another one.
The manager did come out and take it off my bill but was very non chalant about it.
Just left a bad taste.
The server was awesome now.
On another note they have like little iPads that you can order desserts and alcohol with or at least refills of your drinks.
You can also play games and pay your bill on it.
That is pretty cool

