mmmmmmm  Food:  Pizza, cheese sticks, garlic knots, chicken parm... it is all so very, very tasty.
I purposely order too much so that I can enjoy the leftovers the next day.
Service:  The service is good.
Sometimes they get a bit busy and the server doesn't come by for a while.
Since the restuarant is very open you can see that it is because they are working with other customers and not off goofing.
Usually someone else will come by and see if you need anything when the wait staff gets over-occupied.
Convenience:  This location is in a shopping area with tons of ample parking so it makes it very easy to get in and out of without hassle.

I hosted a small soiree for a UFC fight one wknd.
(Hmm, the words soiree & UFC seem odd in the same sentence but whatever).
So, the group wanted pizza but I was in no mood for the usual chains like Pizza Butt or Papa Somebody.
Although, those places can be tasty, I just wasn't thrilled about those options @ the time.
Never having eaten @ NYPD, we order the 'Brooylyn Family' , which did not disappoint.
The pepperoni was light and didn't taste/look super greasy.
The sausage was actually cut like pepperoni, as opposed to the usual manner it's served on pizza (tiny bits without the casing).
I think it tastes better when it's thinly sliced like the pepperoni--again, not so greasy.
And the fresh basil leaves rocked.
Thin crust was perfect--not crackery and they didn't overload it with sauce or cheese keepin the crust from getting mushy.
If you're tired of the usual pizza joints, definitely put this on your list to check out.
It's GREAT!

I've only ordered delivery from this restaurant so maybe the restaurant dining experience is better.
The first time the food was pretty decent.
Upstate wings were spicy and saucy and the lasagna was ok.
Ever since that first experience it's been consistently downhill.
I ordered the calzone the second time.
It tasted like someone spread Philly cream cheese inside of pizza dough (YUCK).
Hero sandwich was tasteless, lasagna the second time around was bland and the wings were dry and without flavor as well.
Plus everything was cold upon arrival.
The cold arrival became a trend for them as I haven't received a hot meal any of the other three times I ordered.
I wanted to give these guys another chance to redeem themselves tonight so I ordered the Upstate Wings, Fried Calamari and a Greek Salad.
The salad was the only decent thing and since it was supposed to be cold I didn't mind it being that way.
Calamari was soggy and had too much breading and the wings were again cold and dry.
Skip this place for delivery.
Maybe the in-house experience is better.

Hybrid restaurant setup - walk through pizza by the slice at lunchtime (like Ray's or Sbarro) but full service dining in the evening, with real servers and a real bar!
Pizza is consistently good quality - good crust, very milky cheese, and generous toppings.
Values available Monday and Tuesday if you're ordering two pizzas.
Unless you're just doing a lunch slice or takeout with coupon, it can be a little expensive.
Poor choice of name, in my opinion.
NYPD?
Pffft.

I recently moved into a neighborhood in NORTH surprise.... very nice house... but NO ONE delivers to our neighborhood.
No pizza.
No chinese.
No nothin!
Until one day, what do I find hanging from my door knob?
Like a golden glowing beacon of light... an advertisement from a place called New York Pizza Dept that says they deliver to my house!!!!!
Immediately, we cancel any plans for dinner we had and order some pizza.
And I'm glad to say we were not let down.
They have some pretty damn good pizza!
It's not the best in the world but, if Papa John's or Pizza Hut ever decide to deliver to our neighborhood, I wouldnt order from them... and not because of any loyalty to NYPD for being the first to deliver... but because its actually good pizza!
I just had their Calimari, which was delicious, and a Sicilian pizza (the square kind)... sooooo good!
Also, if they're late with the delivery (like they were the first time we ordered... but I didnt care... cuz no one else delivers!
), they might give you a $20 credit like they gave us.
Eat up!

I like this place.
It's very... comfortable...
It was warm from the cold outside.
(I'm a native!!!
I can't take 65 degrees!
)  And smells AMAZING.
Their pizza smells so good, it's ridiculous.
Walk in... they do have a bar... complete with barstools, neon signs, "tacky" (but I like them) posters from movies...  We sat in the group section.
I was coming in expecting to have their cookie with ice cream to celebrate my birthday and leave.
We ended up having the Soho Salad Pizza, Fried Calamari, and then their Cookie.
I've had their pizzas in the past (pre-Yelp) and I really liked them.
You know... their Soho Salad Pizza was GREAT.
Four stars.
Completely makes you feel that you are not eating something high in calories AT ALL.
Very tasty and we would definitely order it again.
I was telling my partner that it was reminiscent of CPK's salads.
Almonds, feta cheese... and of course the awesome dressing that wasn't too heavy.
Calamari...
I was ok with it.
Three stars for me.
While I agree that I've had better, I didn't think it was terrible, but at the same time, it could have been crispier and with more seasoning.
It was fairly bland.
I think the sauces that went with it made it.
And of course, the cookie.
Halfway cooked... just the way I liked it with two huge scoops of vanilla bean ice cream.
:)   5 stars.
:)  Gooey... warm... soppy... perfect.
:)  And it's not too big.
Sharing between two people isn't uncomfortable for the belly... even after having the Soho Salad Pizza and the Fried Calamari.
We'll be back.
I want to have their pizza again.

They make a really good italian sandwich but the quality can vary widely based upon the kitchen crew at the time.
Seriously, this is the #1 challenge with NYPD Pizza is consistency.
Their food can be really good, but it can go to mediocre with kitchen mistakes.
Don't get me wrong, they make great pizzas and other foods but I really dislike having to keep my fingers crossed here.

I like this place, especially for take home.
Their garlic knots are to die for, the house salad is not just iceberg lettuce and the vinaigrette dressing is quite good.
And the pizza, it is quite good.
I used to work in a pizza joint so I am somewhat picky about the pizza I eat, and theirs is good and reliable.
We just moved to the area and we tried Streets of NY first, and between the two, I will stick with NYPD.

I get 2-3 pizzas from here a month.
In the last year, i've only had one I wasnt too happy with.
It seemed a little undercooked.. but honestly the other 20-30 times I've gotten pizza there its been good.
I'd eat here more but it is a bit more expensive than I like to pay for pizza.

Food: great!
Service: Excellent!
I had the Frank Sinatra Calzone (you choose 3 items for the filling...I suggest what I had: sausage, pepperoni, and meatball).
It was just like being back in New York.
Loaded with Ricotta, too...They don't skimp here.
The server was great too...Didn't catch his name, but he's a burly, bald headed guy with a beard.
Very friendly, polite, attentive.
Cool to look in the kitchen and see the pizzas being hand tossed...Wonder if the cook thinks I was looking at him...Well, I actually was, but only because he really got into tossing the pizzas and was entertaining to watch.
Go there.
Eat everything.
Tip big!

Only reason why we tried this place, because we were in the area.
Place is not to bad, I've had better especially in Cali.
I am searching for that spot in Arizona still!
Haven't found it yet.
Girls like their salads, Pizza was good, enjoyed their garlic knots!
I would and will come back again.

I'd heard great things about this place, so my daughter & I dropped in for lunch.
It took an ETERNITY just for someone to acknowledge we were there, let alone to get seated.
The service didn't get better after that.
We shared a pizza & it was OK, but nothing spectacular.
I expected better quality out of the service & food.
If I ever want to try their pizza again I'll have them deliver,,,, might actually be quicker that way!

Really good food, I had a large works pizza, it had freshly sliced ingrediants on it, really good, cost around $20 for the pizza but it was huge and was well worth it.
The service was really good.
This is definitely my new pizza stop

First I'd like to say that I was contacted by the restaurant regarding my previous visit.
I was impressed with their commitment to great customer service.
They took the feedback I could provide them & they even sent me a dinner voucher.
I visited the same location again this past weekend.
As soon as I walked in I was promptly greeted, given a choice as to where to sit & my drink order was placed.
I didn't get any of those last time, so I was already happy as a fiddle!
I was attended to by my waiter PLUS an additional 3 people who were helping him.
This is still a place were you need to have plenty of time on your hands if you want to eat there.
We had planned on going to the mall after our dinner, but changed our minds when we realized we'd been there for nearly 2 hours.
I highly recommend you place your meal order at the same time as your appetizer, & that you don't dawdle on making your choices.
We didn't.
The waiter did tell us when we placed our pizza order that it would take 20 to 30 minutes for the pizza to be ready.
It took exactly 30 minutes, so at least they were being honest, lol.
My daughter was less than thrilled with the chopped salad that we shared, it was really bland & the pizzas (I had the one with ham & pineapple & she had one with sausage) had little to no sauce.
We are both sauce girls & maybe we should have asked for extra sauce when we placed the order.
Regardless, service was definitely improved.
I'd recommend this place for leisurely lunches & dinners with family or friends.

Enjoy getting the special deal they have on Mondays or Tuesdays where you can buy one pizza and get the second half off.
Their pizzas are cooked just right and the crust isn't too thick or too thin.
Also, their pizza is even enjoyable later on when you nuke it in the microwave.
The staff was friendly and made sure everything was ok just enough and they were not annoying at all.

My husband and I are regulars here and I love the pizza!
We started getting an 18" because I felt like we were getting gipped a bit when we got the 16" as they'll usually use a differently sized pan to make it and it always seemed to be a bit closer to 14" than 16" (I'm big on pizza and I KNOW my sizes!).
It always tastes good though.
We also get the honey bbq wings a lot, but lately I've been wondering if they've switched their supplier to a cheaper one, as we've gotten wings where the bone has been broken vs. cut and it has that bone marrow taste/smell which has put me off wings (at least for the time being).
All in all though, this displaced East Coaster is a big fan (as are my fellow East Coast siblings!

I've enjoyed everything I've had here.
I especially appreciate the range of vegetarian options.
The garlic knots are a family favorite!

We have come to this location several times over the years and little by little the quality and taste has gone downhill.
This most recent experience is likely our last.
We had take out of a Mott's Street Meat Lover and a Joey's Favorite.
Mott Street is a pepperoni, sausage and meatball pizza.
It was pretty good but the crust was just too darn doughy.
I was born in NY and I know NY pizza.
It's not this doughy.
Joey's Favorite is a veggie pizza.
The crust was actually soggy from all the veggies.
It's been this way a few times, but this particular time was the worst.
It rendered the pizza inedible and as I totally love veggie pizza, it was disappointing enough to force my hand with writing this review.
NYPD pizza is kind of pricey for pizza, especially when it's subpar pizza.
It's been nice to have them close by but it's just not worth it anymore to suffer through less than delicious pizza.

Decent pizza place...  You can tell the lunch menu items are pre made and just heated up when you order them.

Decent place for lunch.
Love the garlic knots!!

The best fried calamari in Surprise!
Delish pizza!
Consistent quality and service, never have been disappointed since we moved here in June!

By far the best pizza I have ever had.
Only down side on my visit was that there were two family groups who sat their children at tables away from them...the noise was horrific.

Pizza sucks and so does service

Have been many times.
I have always been very satisfied with food and service.
Last nights takeout was simply amazing.

Really good pizza and sandwiches.
They have lunch specials that are pretty good.
Good place to grab a cold one with some friends.

Good service and excellent pizza.
It is worth a try.
It has a family restaurant type of feel.

My number 1 pizza place here in AZ so far and I'm on a mission!
Don't leave without eating the garlic cheese knots !

Very good pizza and wings!

Amazing pizza.
The sicilian crust is one of the best deep dish pizzas I've ever encountered.
Very polite staff.
Love it.

Best pizza in Surprise, hands down.
Delivery is fast and the pizza is delicious.
Totally recommend!

We were still on the quest for GOOD pizza, this time we were way out west and decided to try NYPD.
I was leary because it looks like a nice, respectable chain-style restaurant and I picture good pizza coming from a basic local pizza joint.
Well, we were pleasantly surprised by the pizza here, and yes, it is a nice, clean, pleasant restaurant.
We ordered a margherita pizza with tomatoes, basil and fresh mozzarella and were pleasantly surprised.
The crust was really delicious (must be that NY water) and the ingredients were fresh and proportioned just right.
We ordered it crispy (as suggested on menu) and it was delish.
We took some home and had some for breakfast, also good.
It will be the place we head to for pizza when on that side of town.

This place has good pizza, the only complaint I have is that it is a little pricey.
If you go in a lunch time they have some good lunch specials.
I really like the big kahuna pizza , it's really good !

Very friendly staff and nice location, clean and well kept.
Ordered pizzas for pick-up.
The cheese pizza was very tasty, even as left overs - the little that was left - and the kids loved it.
The "da works" pizza was soggy - even though they made the crust extra crispy at their suggestion - and something on the toppings may have been undercooked.
We'd definitely do the cheese pizza next time without hesitation.
Others have said the Sicilian is great so maybe the thin cheese for the kids and thick pizza for the adults!

AMAZING!!!
Now NYPD is #1 on my pizza list...need to see of there's one in so-cal!
Quality is on point!
Definitely coming back when visiting relatives in Az!

$7 for a couple of slices and a pop is a good deal.
The place is very clean and service is good

Must have whenever I'm back in town...Spinach Dip is the shiznit Pizzas are bombdigity and the service is pretty awesome!

Their service is outstanding.
I loved the low-key, relaxed lighting and the calm environment wrapped inside of such a hectic city.
Their pizza was wonderful.
My Mom and I both went back (within 3 days) for another slice of the Lemon-cello Cheesecake with cranberry.
Good eats, Great service, Great dessert!

The best pizza in this area that I have found.
Last night my husband and I shared the large Asiago Caesar Salad which was very tasty and fresh.
Plenty of salad for two people.
We had a Da Works pizza and it was excellent.
Had it "crispy" as suggested by our server since it had lots of veggies.
The crust is excellent as well as the toppings.
Fresh peppers, tomatoes, and mushrooms along with great Italian sausage and pepperoni.
The new manager in training Zack came by to make sure we were satisfied with the food and service.
Both were great.
If you love good New York style pizza and have not tried this place, it us a must stop.
Enjoy.

Used to always be awesome and worth the high price, but lately the quality has really dropped.
I have been disappointed with 2 of the last 3 pizzas I got.
Mostly the topping have been really skimpy and usually the sauce is very very light.
-See the pic

The food is typically good at NYPD.
However, this trip has been a wait fest.
My wife and I have waited an hour or so for something that takes 20 minutes.
At this point we are being held hostage.
Please send help!!!!

I live in El Mirage, there are plenty of pizza places closer but I drive the extra miles because NYPD is the best pizza around.
Extremely friendly and helpful staff.
If you guys could move to Dysart & Thunderbird I would appreciate it.

5 STARS based on my overall experience!!!!!!!!!!!
Nothing has changed with the food, it still is and always has been a solid 4 1/2 to a 5.
I have never had a bad pizza at any of the NYPD Pizza's I have been to.
One of the things that put this over the top was the large antipasto  salad that we started with.
There was plenty of salami, cheese, and ham which at other places is skimped on.
The salami and cheese was nice and thick, NOT some cheap thin cut garbage.
We went on Wednesday night for a family dinner and took our 3 kids.
A good tip, which we learned last night, is Wednesdays kids eat free!
Not a little meal but a good size meal.
Drink, meal, and desert.
My 4 year old got the spaghetti and it was more then enough for him, and my 3 year old got the pizza bites.
The pizza bites are not some frozen, bread covered, get it anywhere stuff.
It is full piece of pizza cut for a kid.
We didn't even order a meal fro our 1 year old because there was more then enough food for her to pick off of.
The last thing that needs to be mentioned was our server Tyler.
He is the biggest reason that this was a 5 star experience.
He was polite and on top of everything!
Since it was late our kids were acting up and getting loud, which I know can be annoying for a server and other costumers, but he did not start rushing us.
I don't like to write long reviews because honestly most people don't read the whole thing and most of the time there is not that much to say, but this time everything was worth a top rating.
WELL DONE NYPD PIZZA!

I love their vegan pizza, eggplant parm and even the garlic knots if you get them without cheese .
Plus they give a 10% discount for local employees .

I had the greatest experience with my girlfriend at NYPD Pizza.
Jeremy, our waiter was awesome.
My girlfriend and I shared a delicious Greek salad and we also had the best pizza ever.
Vinny's Pizza, 5 toppings of your choosing.
We shall be back.
I highly recommend NYPD Pizza.

We order from here almost every week, they have the best pizza!!
We always get a large pie!
Fresh ingredients you can taste, non greasy!
Love it!

Pizza,cheesy garlic knots, and wings are amazing.
We are staying in a hotel for 2 months and we have ordered from here like 6 times.
Definitely try it when you are here.

good stuff!

This review is based on a take out and not a dine in experience.
When called to place the order, staff was friendly and answered any questions we had about the order and specials.
Pick up time was given as 20 minutes.
We opted for pick up as we wanted to avoid the charge for delivery.
Yes, there is a small charge for delivery despite living less than 5 minutes away but that's okay.
When we got there, there were lots of parking spaces and we were able to pull right up to the front of the restaurant.
Immediately walking in, I was greeted courteously.
Staff was friendly and had smiles on their faces.
Pick up is at the back of the restaurant so I had to walk through the restaurant which looked clean and well lit.
Picked up the pie and it was excellent.
Crust wasn't too large and neither was it over baked nor too thin.
The pie wasn't greasy or oily.
Vegetables and toppings was fresh including the cheese which was stringy and hot!
The medium that we ordered looked like a large and even though it was only for two, it survived a couple days and even then, when it was cold, it still tasted fresh when reheated!
Definitely a place I'll be returning to try some of their other items and speciality pizzas.

