New sushi bar across the street from the Wig Wam resort.
I live in Hawaii and used to great sushi prepared by real Japanese trained chefs.
I can tell you the sushi at blu is excellent.
I had the Hamachi nigiri sushi that was melt in your mouth.
Blu is heavy into sushi rolls that I guess mainlanders think is real sushi, but can also do the traditional sushi perfectly.
The prices are down right cheap for sushi this good.
Some mega dinner combos are from $15 to $20 that could feed a horse.
Very stylish interior.
Nice to see some original restaurants out here instead of the chain, strip mall BS.
If you like sushi, give it a try and say "HI" to Shinji the master chef.

The West Valley really needs a good sushi bar.
But Blu isn't it.
Went for lunch with my sushi buddy.
Neither one of us was impressed.
It's kinda barren, cold, sterile looking.
I don't think our waitress ever tasted sreal sushi in her life.
The sushi chef never acted like he understood a thing we ordered - and I ordered one of their lunch specials.
He screwed it up and the manager got me the right thing, plus whatever it was he made by mistake was free.
Good thing, it wasn't very good and we couldn't understand what the chef said it was.
Another place to take off my list!

My husband and came here on a recommendation by one of his friends.
We tend to be a little picky about fresh sushi, with me being from SF and him having visited Japan several times.
I was a little skeptical of this place at first because it looked like it could have doubled as a night club with its revolving colored lights on the ceiling (they were off) and full bar.
I wouldn't exactly call this place a cozy place but the fish was very fresh and the sushi was neatly rolled.
(I hate it when it comes out all falling apart or when the rice is smashed together!
) LOVED the yellowtail nigiri.
It had this green onion topping that made it extra-special.
It is a littlemore pricey than conventional sushi places($6.50 for the 2 pieces of Nigiri), but well worth it for freshness.
Overall, I was pretty impressed of this place in Litchfield.

I've gotten take out here three times (small children at home) and loved it.
I love the baked rolls and for a simple lunch the california roll with crab.

Have been here several times.
It is a good place to hang out with friends it is quiet and the food is great.
I have one complaint that they have things on their menu and do not carry or now how to make it.
Other then that their rolls are good, not authentic Japanese food but the American rolls are superb.

Went for lunch with my wife.
We always eat sushi when we are without the kids and Blu Sushi was pretty good for the west valley.
A bit pricy but they have good happy hour specials every weekday.
Hot Nite roll was really good.
Next time we'll go back during happy hours to save a few bucks.
Really expensive cocktails...  Like $11 each.

Tucked into ye olde Litchfield Park is one of the best sushi joints in the valley that has not only the freshest fish but the most excellent chef .

Good tasting, nice ambiance, and friendly.
Little pricey tho, but that's what you get when you are across the street from the Wigwam Resort.
I love the area... the green of Old Litchfield Road always pleases me and I like that you get to park on the street.
(can you tell I've lived in Phoenix my whole life?
lol)  Almost has an Old Town Scottsdale feel to the area.
The decor inside the restaurant was tastefully modern.
A very small sushi bar, but with a large alcohol bar.
The dining room doubles as a dance floor, according to the disco ball hanging above it.
My sister and I went... she was the one who recommended this place and lives in the area.
We had the edamame (which was excellent...
I don't know how other restaurants manage to mess up edamame, but these were good) and veggie and calamari tempura as an appetizer.
To me, calamari tempura is a waste of time.
There was no seasoning and it was very bland, so I guess it's geared more for the texture eater.
We had the Arizona roll (awesomely spicy), the Yellowtail Lovers roll (not bad, but slightly fishy, which isn't normal for yellowtail), and the Las Vegas roll.
The Las Vegas roll was the biggest Las Vegas roll I have ever seen in my life.
Naturally, it's a large piece anyway with the cream cheese, avocado and eel and deep fried, but this had spicy crab on top with the eel sauce drizzled over it.
You cannot eat those pieces in one bite... trust me, I tried.
lol (I about made my sister blow tea out her nose, laughing)  I wish I could because it's great all together... very complementary flavors.
The people were nice too... they were joking around with each other and very tolerant of our loud laughing in the nearly empty restaurant.

Not as good as my favorite (Anaba) but it will do while I'm in Arizona.
As the other reviewers state it is a little pricey but fish is decent quality and they are fairly generous with the portions.
My dad's chicken cutlet was overcooked but his plate did come with a lot of food so he was willing to let it go.
According to the waitress Tuesday and Wednesday nights are "Dollar Sushi nights" and you can get a full specialty roll for a dollar per piece (so maybe $8 for a roll that would normally cost $12, but you can mix and match from a small list).
Me being skeptical of "sale" sushi, I let my mom do the honors and I was pleasantly surprised as it was tasty and appealing to the eye as well.
The hostess and the other nice young lady waiting on us were very friendly and helpful which is not always the case in a Japanese restaurant.
There is a lounge area and a full bar which seem fairly inviting...my parents loved the decor and the place seems thoughtfully laid out.
If you're looking for decent sushi out on the far West side, you could do far, far worse.

There may be new owners but they still retain their most excellent chef.
- Don't be a puss and ask the chef for his recommendations.
- You must try the lemon roll, volcano roll and sashimi salad.

Went there for lunch, it was good.
The owner gave me a sample of some deep fried red snapper with creamy white sauce, Great!
It was a lot cheaper than other places, but hey it's still sushi  Ordered spicy tuna roll and tuna, both were very tasty!
Nice staff

i was amazed at how fresh the fish was here .Delicious sashimi assortments that melted in my mouth .
I was super excited by everything I had at this establishment .

I think Blu has gotten a bit of a bad rep for their prices.
I believe you get what you pay for and I am willing to pay a bit more to dine here.
The ambiance is wonderful.. calm, clean, chill and welcoming.
The staff is great.. friendly and knowledgeable is all I ask of servers and they definitely succeed at that.
They don't have a large drink menu or wine list but every drink I have ordered I have absolutely loved, the latest drink I had was called a blu martini (I think that's the name; I may have had a few more then just one so the name may be wrong).
As for the sushi its delicious, the arizona roll is spicy, fresh and scrumptious.
My friends swear by the las vegas roll and my boyfriend loves the tears of ninja appetizer.
Of course all the rolls you can find at any sushi joint (california roll, shrimp tempura roll, spicy tuna roll, etc.
) are great.
If you ever find yourself on the way west side its absolutely worth a trip in.
I actually like it better than any of the sushi's restaurant's in the east/central phoenix area.

Don't bother sitting in the general dining area.
You will wait too long to get your drink refilled and order taken.
Sit at the sushi bar and let Richard spoil you.
That is all.

My friend and I are big sushi fans and have recently discovered the cute restaurants in Litchfield Park, so we figured we would try out Blu Sushi on July 3rd.
I was very pleasantly surprised when we got inside.
The interior is very trendy,  modern, and welcoming.
There were plenty of seating options including the bar, lounge area, high top tables and outdoor seating.
The food was very good, we tried 3 different rolls, a baked chicken teriyaki roll, the shrimp soybean roll and a traditional california roll.
The serving sizes on all of these was fantastic and the rolls all tasted very fresh.
The menu selection was huge, probably the biggest I've seen at a sushi restaurant, and so many of the items sounded good, it was hard to choose.
My only complaint was with the speed of our service.
We had fully looked through the menu and chosen our full meal before we were even offered a beverage.
Our edamame was also served last at the meal, even though we had ordered it as an appetizer.
Granted, I will cut the waitress some slack since the big 4th of July celebration was going on that night and they did seem pretty busy.
Overall though, we loved it, the sushi was great, the atmosphere was even better and we can't wait to go back!

went on a Friday night at 8 pm.
not a single table was bussed, there were dirty plates everywhere.
the food was ok, prolly some of the worst sushi i have had...but still ok.
Some of the cuts of fish tasted pretty fishy.
I was pretty disappointed.
I would suggest going somewhere else in Goodyear like tomo or nakama or ah so.

My fiance and I LOVE our sushi so we came on Yelp to find a nerby sushi place with a good happy hour.
We didnt know this place had come under new management though, so they had gotten rid of their happy hour.
It wasn't easy to spot.
It's located right across the street from the Wigwam Resort & Spa.
The surrounding area was beautiful.
Trees lit up with lights on the street, tranquil neighboorhood.
And the inside was just as wonderful.
It looked a little upscale, the decor was pretty, even has a lounge area across the sushi bar, but still very laid back.
We showed up the night the new managment was taking over.
The owner was there and was very attentive.
The sushi chef was very knowledgeable and offered several recommendations.
I ordered a specialty roll and he was happy to make it.
It was delicious and fairly cheap.
Only $9 for that special roll.
The other rolls were a bit pricey, but well worth it.
The quality was excellent.
The place was only about half full that night.
Our food came out fairly quick since we were sitting at the sushi bar.
The owner served complimentary sake shots for the house and we all toasted together.
It felt like a very chill and welcoming place.
The wait staff is very friendly.
We've been back since our first time here and we haven't been disappointed yet.

My husband and I come here all of the time!!
Im very picky with my sushi and this place hits the nail on the head every time!
Richard and Sam are the best!
Walking into this place is like walking into a close friends house.
Everyone greets you and makes you always feel welcome.
Richard will create you any type of roll you want and even my husband who never was a fan of sushi, got hooked on this place!
Cant say enough wonderful things about Blu Sushi and the staff and we cant wait to go back in!!
So fun all the time!!

Service is beyond terrible!
We've eaten here on several occasions.
The only time we have had even average service, was when we sat at the bar.
Do not, I repeat, DO NOT sit anywhere other than the bar!
This past weekend, we were there on a Friday night at dinner time.
The poor girl that was serving our group had only been working for several days, and there was one other girl that was serving the restaurant area, also brand new.
The restaurant would not have been considered full, and was not overly busy, but we waited over 35 minutes for our first round of drinks, and over an hour for edamame.
The actual sashimi and rolls took much longer.
The food is good, but I don't know that it is worth the wait or irritation.
Train your staff!

My friend and I go on regular sushi dates and chose Blu because of all the wonderful reviews here on Yelp.
We were extremely disappointed!
They have happy hour everyday from 3-6 and so we went on Sunday around 4.
There were only about 6 people inside so we sat at the sushi bar.
We ordered spicy tuna rolls and crab tempura rolls on the happy hour menu as well as the shrimp soybean paper roll off of their regular menu.
I'd like to say I've had enough sushi from a large handful of places in Arizona so I know what a yummy spicy tuna roll is.
The spicy tuna rolls they brought out were extremely gummy because the rice was well over done.
Now, the tuna itself was very tasty and perfectly spicy.
I also really loved that cucumber was added so there was a nice little crunch.
But the gumminess completely ruined it and I had a hard time wanting to not gag.
As for the crab tempura rolls, the crab was imitation and that made me really annoyed seeing as how the ratings were high here and the prices on their menu are as well.
A place like this should not be using imitation crab.
The rolls were completely tasteless!
:(   Our favorite (if that's what you want to call it) was the shrimp soybean paper roll.
But again, the crab was imitation and lacked flavor so the entire roll was off.
It was not rolled tight at all either.
Something else I did not think I'd see at a place with such high ratings was a sushi chef that would be sitting at the bar (not the sushi bar) drinking a pint of beer with a customer.
When we were finished and leaving he was outside in front of the restaurant sitting on the patio with the same customer smoking a cigarette as well.
Hmmmmmmm.
I do not plan on going back even thoiugh there was one or two rolls I wanted to try.
I was completely put off by the gumminess of the rice because I've never had sushi with that issue and I was DEFNITELY not happy to be eating imitation crab at a place that I had thought was higher end.
Not okay at all!

Blu is my new favorite sushi restaraunt.
The fish is always superb.
I will concede that the service can be very spotty, even during times when they're not very busy.
If you sit at the sushi bar you shouldn't have any trouble, though.
Ask the sushi chef for recommendations and he'll prepare sushi based on your personal tastes.
Chances are you won't be disappointed.

My husband and I were having a mini staycation @ the Wigwam and the maintenance man suggested Blu for we had a few cocktails at the pool earlier in the day and didn't want to drive.
I try to start every review with 5 stars, this is why Blu only received 3.
We arrived at about 6:30 on a Saturday evening to find only 3 other diners.
We were greeted by the hostess who was pleasant and she actually ended up being our waitress.
I guess when you only have a hand full of people dining you don't need much wait staff!
We ordered right away.
Az Diamondback roll and a Philadelphia roll.
Our drinks arrived very quickly but our food, it took forever.
It literally took 30 minutes.
While waiting we could listen to the reggae music playing loudly in the background, which we found kind of odd.
Reggae in a Japanese restaurant!
Waiting so long in an empty restaurant for very common rolls, minus 1 star.
When our food arrived it was presented nicely, but the Diamondback roll was imitation crab..seriously why doesn't it say you aren't getting real crab on the menu?
I could have stopped at my local Fry's Marketplace and gotten 12 pieces for $5.95 and not had to wait!
Minus 1 star.
The Philadelphia roll on the other hand was excellent.
The salmon was fresh and flavorful.
My only complaint was it had a little too much cream cheese.
Getting the check took just as long as getting our food.
My husband finally had to walk over the person who was now standing at the hostess station and ask for our check..I was going to subtract another star but our dining experience was better than 2 stars.
The restaurant and restrooms were clean and everyone was nice so 3 stars it is.
Would I go back...probably not.
For the price of our meal I expected a whole lot more from Blu..might explain why the place was still dead at 8:00 when we left.

Simply put, this is the best sushi I have ever had.
I sat at the bar and had a very attentive waitress.
I had the chirarshi (sashimi chef's choice) and a rainbow roll, and it was fantastic.
Prices are fairly standard; they're not overpriced, but the quality was top notch.
I could go on and on, but just go there and try it.
Blu's food will speak for itself.
After reading a few other comments, I will add that the menu clearly states that the primary krabmeat available is imitation but crab can be substituted for real crabmeat for (if I remember correctly) 2 dollars extra.

We used to go to blu for good sushi.
But the good sushi comes at a price, lackluster service, long waits, and higher prices.
Decided after last time not a place to hit before a movie (you won't make the movie) nor on date night (the babysitter ends up costing more due to the fact that your night just got twice as long).
Even when I stopped by to buy a gift card it took almost half an hour, seriously wow!
A couple hours of waiting at this place that I will never get back.

SO Verdict... Read below if you need the why, Blu Sushi has a great menu and the food is very good, if they managed to figure out the service and pricing then it has my vote but the lack of this gives them 2 stars....
So much more to be desired from yet another attempt at west valley dinning.
This time we stopped by the Blu Sushi that has been here for several years but we have yet to give it a shot.
We showed up on a Saturday evening, there was 5 people at the sushi bar, about 4 tables seated with one descent table of 6 people.
The restaurant is nicely done, there was definitely some chedda vested here and the sound system and tv bring it a nice subtle but still classy touch.
There were two sushi chefs and some sou chefs in kitchen and a total of 2 servers which btw includes them as hostesses.
We ordered edaname, and their tea to start.
For dinner we did the baked salmon over california roll, the scallops special roll and the killer shrimp, my wife ordered her usual side of rice (we will talk about this in a moment.
The server was very mellow not too friendly, typical for these places so not a worry.
But there was a problem and clearly they were taking to long to bring out our edaname, after 20 minutes we had it.
Another 20 minutes came and no food, typically these joints will bring out a nice small salad or mizo, nothing.
Finally the server came by and said something I didn't understand but she brought a dish with some tempura jalapeños with cream cheese and said sorry for wait.
She put it on my side of table leaving my pregnant wife wondering what that was about.
I appreciate the appeasement but I would prefer better service.
Another 15 minutes passed by and I get my scallops special, again my poor wife waits.
Finally 15 minutes later she gets some rice, okay we are getting started together.
Then another 5 minutes comes the killer shrimp and we are enjoying it but notice another 15 minutes passing and no seared sashimi and also we still were waiting on another dish.
It finally came and we were definitely disappointed by then.
The total for this evening not including any alcohol was 68 bucks, definitely on the high end but worth it if they figured out the service.

I am a snob when it comes to anything food..
Even food reviews, but felt like I needed to try this place out.. Wow.
This place is amazing..\ So ya, if you are ever in Litchfield Park or anywhere in Phoenix area.
Try it out

We will not be going back to Blu.
I've said this before, but we always seem to get invited by different people, and we've given in.
But this time, it's official, as I promised to write a review on behalf of 7 other people that were a part of our group on Friday night.
There's no one left who would want to go back there amongst our group of friends.
Our experience was so bad, it was surreal.
Just some of the highlights:  It should say something, when before even going in, when the other restaurant's on the same strip are on a wait and packed, and there are 3 guests in Blu at 6:30 on a Friday night.
We committed to meeting a large party, though, so it worked for us, on this occasion.
We went in, and our party got there at staggered times, couple by couple, which should have made it easy to keep things separate.
After 4 of us were there (2 couples), the server came up to us, and made a big deal about having separate checks.
Keep in mind that there were a total of 7 guests in the whole restaurant at this point.
She kept pointing out on the menu that their policy is that they won't do it.
We didn't argue or really make much of a comment, but she kept repeating it to us.
She finally said that they would do it, but with major protest to herself.
At 7:00, a sushi chef came around, turned on a disco ball, and cranked the music so loudly (still, less than 10 guests in the whole place), it was difficult to hear each other across the table.
The 2 sushi chefs would frequently yell out (think hibachi) and partake in sake shots.
During our 2 hours there, we saw one of the chefs (who referred to himself as Charlie) take at least 7 shots, growing louder and more obnoxious with each one.
At one point, Charlie came over to our table started dancing ON one of the women with us, and asked who wanted to arm-wrestle.
One of our visiting guests, jokingly took him up on it, and ended up with Charlie taking him down on the floor, fully wrestling him, arm around his neck and (I'm not exaggerating) touching him inappropriately.
Seriously.
This is not even a reflection of the food...yet.
4 of the 8 of us ordered cooked rolls, which we have had in the past.
Normally they take some time to get, but come out piping hot.
This time, they were unrecognizable, and COLD.
We actually asked the chef about it, and he went on a rant, about he doesn't make it the same way that they last chef did, and that his way was better.
He actually said that the last chef was an a**hole, before he took the cold rolls away.
When we were (oh so) ready to leave, we asked for our check(s).
You could immediately tell this was stressful for our server, who disappeared for a solid 10 minutes, re-appeared to tell us she needed a break from our checks, and that she would be in the bathroom (necessary??
), and returned another 10 minutes later.
The total experience was bad enough, but finding out that the pricing had increased at least 20-30% with the new management, put the nail in the coffin.
$11 dollars for a goose and soda?
I would expect this pricing in Scottsdale or at a hotel, but in Litchfield Park, not at all.
We will not be going back...don't even think about giving it a try.
We have...multiple times.
Service is always an issue, but this was above and beyond!
There are much better sushi options in the West Valley!

This place has a new owner/operater named Dennis he's really cool and cleared out the old satff and rude servers mentioned in these other reviews, and brought the prices down to a more reasonable level,Blusushi is now EXACTLY what it should be,delicious food,friendly servers in a stylish setting,the drinks are made right the sushi is awesome.
check it out ,We'll be going back for sure :-)

In town for a meeting and went there last night.
Owner omnipresent, very nice and very interested in making the place work.
There are kinks to be worked out.
There was some disorganization in the kitchen but the effort to correct it is there.
Sushi, by the way, was very good.

Only 6 people in the entire resteraunt on a Friday evening, yet still could not get our food right.
Ordered french fries for our child and they were still raw in the middle.
Wife ordered the $25 steak and shrimp which came out 10 minutes before my meal (bulgolgi), yet her steak was cold.
Will not be going here again.

Fabulous!!
We sat in the sofa area and the atmosphere, food, waitress was just what we were looking for.
We ordered roll after roll and they just kept them coming.

Fantastic.
Best sushi on the west side.

We have been here when old ownership was running the place and it was good but now with new ownership as of October 2012  Shinhe "Jiney" it's even better!
She is awesome and always walks around asking the customers if everything is ok. Also the sushi chef she brought in "Richard" prepares some delicious rolls the food is amazing.
The service is great as well Nick and Denise are very good!
We HIGHLY recommend this place!
We are Litchfield Park residents for over 10 years and It is our intention to support our local business owners such as Shinhe so we will be seeing her at Blu every weekend!

Great sushi and interesting specials.
The owner came by to talk to us and offered us a discount when we said we were teachers!
Our favorite place to sit is in the "private" dining room.

Wow!
The California roll was so fresh and to perfection!
We also had tears of ninja, great breaded jalapeños!
Also tried a new Japanese beer for our sake bomber.
Under new management/owner, waitress went above and beyond!
Looking forward to going back soon!

Friendly staff.
Can't beat the 1.75 draft beer.
Delicious spicy tuna tempura rolls.
Definitely will be back

A friend of mine lived in the neighborhood so she decided we go and check the place out it is located directly across the street from the wigwam resort, place is a little bit dated kind of that country western feel, but it's fine we did not get  greeted when we walked in we set directly at the sushi bar and waited for a long period of time for waitressed decided to ask us if we needed anything I wanted anything there was only about six people in the whole place we ordered two cosmopolitans, I noticed they were not A pinkish in color, the drinks we got were golden brown in color with a bad taste they got sent back meanwhile was were waiting for her are the waitress I would say to bring back the cosmopolitans she was nice enough to remake them yes that is great but the second time they came back they still weren't the best cosmopolitan they do need help in this department they do need a bartender that knows how to make drinks right the first time what loss and alcohol we waited for another long period of time before they took our order at this point I'm already frustrated the sushi was bad the service was bad I will not be returning the gentlemen to my left notice I was yelping and he stated I should be easy on them because it's a better place that's not excuse in restaurants should have consistency through out the whole place good food good service no long periods of wait time know how to make drinks and if the sushi bar that you know how to make sushi he stated that the chef that is normally there does a better job but then again why black on the customers and the quality of the restaurant if the chef has to hold the whole place together consistency is lost here it's not an excuse and anyway maybe they could do a better job but I can't tell you because I will not be coming back.

It was ok, nothing great!
Draft beer was warm, and they served my entire order all at the same time.
Needless to say, my 2 warm rolls were cold!
Sad because I just moved to the area and was hoping for a good neighborhood sushi place!

The dancing starts at 10!
Drinks only.
Okay so we came on a Friday night, it was so busy.... finally got a table.
Finally got our sushi, a waitress quit,  but we're still here after closing and didn't get kicked out.
So I guess we'll be back.

I came here for a girls night out and it was fantastic!
Happy hour cocktails were delicious!
Their sour apple martinis were just $5 and gave us girls a good buzz.
Their sushi is amazing and fresh.
I'm happy to finally find a good sushi restaurant in Arizona.
The service could've been a bit more prompt and the food could've came out quicker.
But the waitress was really nice and overall we had an amazing start to our night here.
I will be back soon !

Sushi is really good here!
The lady that was running the place was very kind and helpful.
Very clean and in a really nice area.

Hands down the most creative sushi chef on the west side.
Never had a bad experience at Blu.
The owner is great and comes to talk to us every time we go in, which is about twice a month.
If you don't know what you want, ask the chef to make something special for you and he will.
Awesome hole in the wall decor.
This is the best place I'm the west valley.

Came on a Thursday, decent size crowd.
We order the monkey brains to start with.
It was delicious almost sinfully so.
Followed up with the chicken katsu, tiger roll, and sashimi.
It was all delicious.
The chicken was perfectly cooked, sashimi was fresh, and the tiger was delicious.
We will come back again.
mmmm monkey brains

So far it's been 1.5 hours and the sushi still has not arrived.
I ordered chicken bulgogi and they bring out beef without telling me they ran out of chicken and would only comp 10% on food I didn't want.
It is very loud and drunk people screaming and cursing while kids sit near causing people to leave.
The table next to us has been waiting even longer then us and they are still waiting.
I do not recommend this place as far as service goes.
I couldn't tell you the quality of the food because it never made it out.

Myself and two friends came here on Friday night around 8:00 pm, were seated immediately then waited over an hour and a half after to receive our food.
After being asked why our order was taking so long, our server replied "ya, I'd be mad too.
" Honestly enjoyed the atmosphere and the sushi and tempura was on point when it finally made it to our table.
Unfortunate the service doesn't reflect the cuisine.

I really cannot comment on the food since it never was served.
Waited to get a table, server never came.
We flagged down owner who took order but after an hour not even apps came out.
Server walked by and ignored us when we tried to get water.
After awhile we just left,  service was atrocious

This place is awesome.
Everyone is friendly from the bottom to the top....
Especially, Jamie the bartender.
Not only is she super, super, hot....
But she's friendly and knowledgeable too!
And the drinks and sushi are absolutely top notch.
Highly recommend you check it out....
The the Lobster Tail Special...A+++++.
And if you're lucky you might get the owner Jenny to take a shot with you!

Simply the best sushi in the west valley.
Maybe the best in whole AZ.
Ignore the negative reviews and just try.
You'll know what I mean.
Richard the owner and chef himself is amazing and very knowledgeable.

Not happy to write a negative review about this place.
I was really excited to try it because it's in a great location, got great reviews and has outdoor seating!
The reason I gave two stars instead of one is because the waitress we had was really wonderful, attentive and friendly.
Sadly, the sushi was very disappointing.
I don't know if it's because we were there in the afternoon, it was just a bad day for the chef, or this is just how it always is.
It was like they had to add a large amount of sauce (chili sauce, eel sauce, etc) to compensate for the rolls not tasting very good.
The sauces overpowered any other flavor and to me, the sauces tasted...for lack of a better term...cheap-y?
For example, the chili sauce on one of our rolls tasted like Ketchup.
Yuck.
And let me tell you, I was really trying to like this place.
Also, so weird.
We got sake bombs, which were $5 (awesome!).
Sadly, and weirdly, the sake tasted like fried food!
I don't know if their sake sits close to their fryer, or what, but it was so gross.
Luckily you could ALMOST cover the flavor by mixing it with beer, but it was still hard to drink.
All in all, I am sad to say I will not be going back.
The best part was the service, which was also probably because there weren't many people there when we were.

Happy hour prices to die for!
With a large kiren and 3 rolls 27 bucks, can't beat that!

Still the best sushi on the west and best staff.
Food is awesome here and atmosphere is fun.

This is for Mr. T's comment which was not what happened at all and may be its written by ex employee dont know but that was my order actually that a server which claims to have worked several month.
he has served me before but everytime he (wont mention name to save the embarrassment) not knowing the menu always screw up on my order and trys to make it up with giving free beer or edamame.
I have mention this to Richard several times because he's always busy making awesome fresh sushi and going out of his way to please a customer.
I dont think Richard realize that this guys giviing out free stuff to cover his mistake.
Thats called stealing and Richard probably had enough and I dont blame him if he got upset.
If it was me I would of fired that person on the spot.
And I know  business can't run on dishonest sever and ignorant server who arrogantly think highly of himself and yet never can answer a question about certain rolls.
Richard is either very kind and giving this dumb server chance to work  but come on its your job buddy learn and know what you are serving.
So  In defense of blu and Richard which I have been very loyal customer for 7 years.
That night male server had not only let my food sit for more than 20 minutes when Richard called several times while the server was giggling at other table with bunch of females and ignoring or not concern at the rest of the orders and thats why Richard got mad because it was my order.
It wasn't the first time this server done this and me letting Richard know about what was wrong with this server maybe Richard finally had enough.
Come on I sit close to where Richard makes his sushi and watched his knife skills which is amazing and entertaining, and blu sushi only excist because of him....Do not worry Richard we will support you 200% and Lichthfield Park love you and Blu and we will spread the good words.

Love this place, great menu and very affordable.
Happy hour menu is great as well as drink specials.
Atmosphere is great in a great part of downtown LP.
Service has been hit or miss.

.With new waitstaff blu is getting better by the day.
Great service to match with awesome sushi.. Congrats Richard and as always food is amazingly fresh and the knowledge you have on fish really shines.
You are truly the best and a master chef I've ever encounter.
Thank you very much.

Not impressed.
We came on a recommendation and were not pleased.
The good: $5 sake bombers  The miso soup was fine, but pricey.
I ordered a regular side salad which was $3.99 and what I got was a small amount of very cheap American blend (iceburg, cabbage, carrot).
It shouldn't have been served, it looked old and it tasted like dirt, no flavor of dressing at all.
The sushi was fine, but small quantity for the price.
I don't think we will return.

I hate to write negative reviews, but I feel compelled to save you an hour and a half of your life-  my wife and I were there for 15 minutes before our waitress greeted us, I had to go to the bar to get our drinks, and our food never arrived after being seated for an hour- we left.
Very disrespectful in my opinion.

Horrific experience.
If you want your night to be ruined please proceed to visit Blu.
I am a regular, and unfortunately witnessed why it is the staff always changes.
Richard is so unprofessional yelling at servers, and ruining the vibe me and my date were having with his negative yells across the restaurant.
We returned a plate that was incorrect and when the sever have it back to Richard he tossed it and immediately starting yelling at te server.
He is a a-hole and we will never return.
The sushi was warm and smelled old!

