Oh My God, This place was a expierence that I will never forget !
I'm Sooo freakin' impressed by this Applebee's I never wanted to leave after I entered the door !
I went here 4 days almost in a row, the food killer, drinks the bomb, Happy Hour from 4-7 yesssss, can I get a high five?
All the staff was good looking, no weirdo looking people.
Jenna, I will miss you the most, The best/hottest bartender ever !
talk about multi-tasking wow this woman does it all !
The second, third and fourth time I went in here I was greeted by my name from her, before I even sat down !
She also remembered my drinks and had one ready for me within a minute of me sitting down.
I wanna go back!!!!!!!!!

I go here fairly often... usually the one on Happy Valley road (which doesn't have the capability to review) but this one is my backup...
Happy hour at "Happlebee's" is a lot of fun.
$2 beers, $3 well drinks... who doesn't want that after a long hard day at work?
The service is great... they pay attention very well and they are very nice.
And if you're back more than once, they usually remember you.
Now that's pretty cool.

we decided to go here after receiving a gift card for xmas.
I had sworn off Applebee's many years ago, but decided to try it again, it was free after all.
The service was terrible, our server gave us all different drinks than what we had ordered?!?
We tried to play it safe with our menu choices.
I choose a bacon cheeseburger, my husband choose the chicken Caesar salad.
They were both lousy.
My hamburger tasted like someone spilled a container of salt on it then wiped it off, gross.
I didn't think it was possible to mess up a bacon cheeseburger, but it was just too salty and generic.
My husbands chicken Caesar salad was lousy also, nothing special to it, and the chicken didn't taste very good.
All the way through our meal, our server didn't come over and ask if our food was ok, we also sat there for a very long time without any drink refills through our meal.
It was a unpleasant experience, and if I ever get another gift card, I will be re-gifting it

I am not a picky eater but everything here is so bland and boring.
The spinach dip was watery and tasted weird.
My pasta needed tons of salt and pepper because it tasted like a Michelina's frozen dinner.
The prices are pretty cheap but you can go elsewhere for food that tastes much better for the same price.

Friendly staff everytime we go!

No greeter :(  waited atleast two minutes for someone to finally walk up..
It want even busy!
Oh but I go for the shooters especially the chocolate mousse ..
The bahama mama too during happy hour!
Great desert , great server , although bad service as soon as i walked in

Who tries to make reservations at Applebees??
ME that's who LOL,  I was coordinating a get together for my birthday, and we are all on a budget and the 2 for 20 works well and what I had thought was going to be a party of maybe 6 turned into a party of 16, for me that's great!!
I was tickled pink that everyone wanted to come and celebrate my bday dinner, but then kinda like uh oh better call Applebees LOL So I called them with a hour's notice and they were shocked and said we don't take reservations I said ok but I have a party of 16 headed your way LOL they said they could make it happen!
Way to Go Applebees!!
Ok mind you we had to wait about 30 mins for our table, but we were a fun group and didn't mind the wait.
I have to say our server was very nice and quick and didn't let anything fall through the cracks everyone got what they ordered and we had a great time.
Some in the party where are not a Applebee's fan, but walked away with a great experience!
I for one am a fan of Applebee's and do plan on going back!

Took my family to go eat.
Ordered boneless chicken wings and was served celery with mold on it.
In doing some research it takes about 4 to 5 days for mold to grow on celery.
That means that they left the food out for that long.
It also tells me that the storage of food isnt done properly.
When I told the manager literally not making this up the manager response was "oh ok." Needless to say we left.
Oh I failed to mention the waitress who served us our drinks was coughing on her hands and rubbing her nose as well.

I love the change...it is hit or miss with the service though...

Last time Applebee's for us.
I do not understand good reviews for this place, they ruined our 13th anniversary and my daughter's 9th birthday last night.
All food was tasteless, my wife and young son even got sick during the meal!
We are a family of eight with modest means, so the $122 bill was extra hard to swallow.
Twice a manager came excusing the slow service and the clumsy waitress did try, but it could not take away the bad taste in our mouths.
Very unprofessional, including the dirty rest rooms and outdated back ground music.
What happened to Applebee's, we don't know.
After good experiences for years, the first disappointment came last year in the location on I-17 and Happy Valley.
Maybe just this one, we thought.
So we trusted the reviews for I-17 and Bell and tried it one more time.
It was worse.
Even the spinach dip, part of the sampler that used to be a favorite, was awful.
We skipped desert wisely and went to a DQ for that.
Shame on you, Applebee's!
Avoid this place.
Next time we will go back to the Olive Garden on I-17 and Happy Valley, that is the opposite in everything to this awful joint.

Used a gift card here we received for Christmas, that was a mistake.
After we left feeling very unsatisfied and still hungry we had to go get food  somewhere else that actually tasted good.
Not one person at our table liked their meal, and the waiter was extremely unfriendly.

Following up on our visit on 2-20-12, the fall-out of our anniversary dinner got significantly worse during the week.
Eventually four of our six kids had stomach problems, one of them for more than a week.
Regarding myself, I got stomach pains two nights later so severe, that I decided to go to emergency in the middle of the night, just to be sure.
They did all tests (ultra-sound, X-rays and CT) and (fortunately) concluded that it was probably not more than a very irritated stomach.
Two days no food, flush it all out and I should get better.
During this process the manager of Applebees called, following up on our complaint.
He apologized profusely and they did refund us the money.
Maybe we would give them a chance again in the future.
I doubt it after this ordeal.
We have never had a bad experience like this before and prefer to avoid any reminders.

I only come to Applebees for their Happy Hour Special at the bar on Monday-Friday from 3pm-6pm!
Appetizers on the menu are half off!!
Beer and wine are half off also!
What more can you ask for???
Each item is like $3-$4 after discount!

Fast, friendly service.
Tiffany was our server the last time we went and she made us feel like old friends.
Very personable, and kept our water and iced tea filled to the brim.
(I was with the bf, and like most desert dwellers, we're always parched)  I love their unlimited soup and salad.
for 30 cents upcharge, you can get the salads with chicken or shrimp.
hardly unreasonable.
I think it's $7.29 (6.99 for veg salads only) I like the tomato soup, and french onion soup.
The decor here is awesome.
Very nostalgic with plenty of happy pictures to look at.
I come here for lunch on the weekends about once a month, consistently.
Good for any age.

This is the second time that we've gone to this particular location.
I truly enjoy the unlimited soup & salad option and while at other locations featuring this lunch, I have to wait 4ever for my next choice; it wasn't the case here.
Our server was great!
Speedy ( she forgot to set the 14 minute or its free timer), but our meals ( there were 4 of us) arrived way before the fourteen minutes.
She kept our H2O glasses full, which I appreciate.
The noisy family down the way with children was a bit distracting at times, but they do have to eat!
We will be back!

Reason why I'm giving them two stars is because I love their  food.
I love their food but I will not be returning to this location ever again, well only when the family meets up for birthdays but other than that heck no.
Seriously their  service is the worse service ever, and every time I go I have a different sever.
I gave them one last chance last night.
Trip 1.
Their was a hair in my mash potatoes and the sever was rude, at the time I didn't really want to make a scene because it was my first date with my man and the sever was about to walk off cause I said it's fine.
My boyfriend was like no it's not can you get her fresh mash potatoes, they did.
Then the manger comes up and we told him about the hair and how the sever was kind of throwing an attitude rolling her eyes and stuff about the hair.
The manger would comp are meal.
Trip 2.
I was trying to eat a nice meal with my boyfriend and the busier  wouldn't stop cleaning around us for like the entire meal.
He would vacume around our table  cleaning pics around us and it was getting annoying it's like seriously you don't have to be cleaning random stuff just were we were sitting for thirty mints I'm sorry but if you have to be cleaning one section for that long then you must suck at your job because I saw a busier last I night doing the same thing with in five mints and the place looked great.
Give her more shifts because she was not a bother.
Trip 3.
So mad at this trip were I deiced it was mine and my boyfriends last trip, seriously there is no way you can get bad service this many times at one place.
The sever didn't even come to our table for a good three mints and when she did it took her like fifth teen mints to bring out his beer.
Really for a beer?
Not only that but she wouldn't really give us much contact.
She would carry our chips to everyone of  her tables pass it two times then drop it off to us while asking the other table how everything was doing.
She didn't ask if we wanted anything,  and didn't check on us or anything.
She did the same thing when our diner came out.
It's like seriously I don't like watching my food pass me multiple times just drop it off then ask everyone how their doing not like you ask us if things taste good or check on us.
She gave us slow service granted it was a little busy but not that busy.
They were also out of fries   Last trip: last night I went with my mom it took  five mints for someone to get our drink order.
It was a slower night too.
I asked for a lemon in my soda didn't get it was going to ask for one but this sever talked so fast that she didn't even give you time to speak or ask questions and would be gone.
Then our chips took forever to come out and so did our diner.
The place was slow seriously my mom said her steak was cold I just didn't say anything because mine was warm and good, and I love my mom and all but I think she was trying to look for things on purpose because I told her how much bad service me and my boyfriend always get .
We were there a good hour, which is horrible for timing on a slow night.
I was going to ask for a drink to go but like I said the server just talked way to fast and if you can talk fast enough were I can't ask  for anything that's bad, because I talk fast.
I think she was sadly our best sever I have had, at least she checked on us even if she talked fast, I don't know if it was the cooks who took forever or her so I can't judge if she is a good sever or not  but I think she's better than the rest of them.
Oh ya and they were out of fries again seriously how are you out of fries again.
I'm just done with this location just done.

I've never been to this Applebee's before, and I think it's one of the sadder locations.
It was super busy when we got here tonight, and we were seated in a booth near the back.
I went with the triple sampler which came with two sliders, spinach dip and buffalo wings.
The spinach dip was almost electric green a really bright color.
The rest of the food was fine, but the whole meal was weird.
For starters, I had to ask repeatedly to get my sprite with dinner.
The server kept forgetting to bring it, and I was wondering when it was going to come out.
Also, My water kept running out and I started getting irritated since I was super thirsty today.
It's not that I need the server to stand at my table with a vat of water, but I literally would have to flag someone down to come over after it had been empty for some time.
We also found a bug on the table during dinner, and I have no idea where that came from.
Service was good, but it was not the greatest experience I've had.
Not my favorite Applebee's at all.

Something is happening at Applebee's.
It's gone from somewhere that didn't stand out to a place I've eaten at three times in three weeks.
I picked a different menu item each time.
The steak quality is totally unexpected.
The plate sizes are big enough but not too big.
The prices are great.
Plus they stay open late.

I am a fan of the following things at applebees:  Wedge Salad Beer Mozz Sticks   That's about it.
I always sit at the bar, so I don't know what it's like to hang out in the regular seating with all the children, but I can tell you that the bar area is nice, the bartenders have always been helpful and they have super reasonably priced beer.
The parking lot is being remodeled for the entire center so parking can be a real pain if you go in around lunch or dinner time because the lot is 1/3 the size of what it used to be, but still has all the traffic for all of the open businesses.
Anyway, it's a fun place to go to hang out and chat with friends, eat some alright food and drink good beer.

Props to Applebee's on 27th and Bell.
I went there for the free Veteran's meal.
It was packed but they got me in at the bar right away, and had my meal in front of me within 10 minutes.
The whole time Courtney and Kara did an awesome job taking care of us all at the bar.
Really great customer service!

Everything was gross this time and the service was terrible.
This location may actually ruin applebees for me forever.

One of the worst restaurants I that I have been to in terms of service .
In case you want to eat  at an Applebee's try going to the one at Happy Valley as they have much better service.
To the restaurant- if the wait staff is not trained properly, the customers will not come back.

This location does not deserve 1 star, absolutely horrible.
My boyfriend and I walked out, his limeade was bad, sprite tasted like sour milk, our appetizers came out on a dirty plate, and the wings were cold.
Waitress named Britney didn't even provide silver ware.
Usually I would go hunt a manger down but we were so disgusted that we walked out.
Walked right past our waitress and she didn't even bother to ask what was wrong.
Never ever will we return.
Went to Olive Garden and got 5 star service.

