Once Again a contender with Subway and Quiznos.
In my eyes this place beats them hands down.
You can't get much fresher than this, they make to order and they slice the meat right in front of you, its great !
I had a 8" smoked turkey sandwich with lettuce, onions and jalepenos, bag of port of sub chips jalepeno flavor and a Mountain Dew.
Not much seating inside but very well cooled down, a great place to escape the heat.
Two places to order from so the line never got too long.
I would like to try one of the hot sandwiches next time.

I am not a huge sub fan to start with....
The subs are good, the selection is good, the price is a bit high for my liking.
They now have breakfast....might have to try that.

I stopped in for a quick lunch and I wasn't impressed at all.
I heard that the food was good but I've had better subs almost anywhere.
They have very limited toppings.
I wish I had gone to Mr. Goodcents down the street much better quality subs.

Very fresh and delicious subs!
The prices are a little high though, but they do have a punch card and if you buy 10 (I think) subs, you get 1 free.
It definitely won't take me long to fill up the card!

Tasty sandwich.
The guy behind the counter knew how to use a knife, quick service

closest location to my home unfortunately but Port of Sub's is the best out of the fast food sub shops.
The inexpedience is everything and you can tell they're fresh.
I love the peppered pastrami and swiss on wheat with crack (mayo mustard mixed), lettuce, tomato, onion, & jalapenos, Oh my!
You cant ever go wrong here with any of the sandwiches.
This location gets super busy at lunch FYI, since it is near the air park.

1st off I just want to say that i do actually think the food here is pretty good tasting, regardless of how brown the guac looks.
My problem is the service, everyone who works here is either lazy, dumb or a combo of both.
At Subway they at least pretend to be helpful, here they ask you the same questions over and over (ex.
I have been asked what toppings 4 times and I only had 3 things added so really...) and still mess up.
One particular time my friend got a roast beef sandwich and half was roast beef half was pastrami, how is that even possible!?
Either way if they dont shape up they should change their name to Port Hole because its run by a bunch of As*holes.

Tasty little sandwich.
I agree with all the other reviews service is sub par.
Seems like a place where the people who got rejected from subway work.
The boy who made my sandwich was a greasy little booger who normally I probably would of voted against making my sandwich, but since they were busy I gave in.
Sandwich on its own was very tasty.
The bread was tender and chewy, meat fresh sliced, pickles tomatoes and lettuced seemed very fresh.
Would of liked a lite mayo option but oh well.
I will be back.

too much bread!

I have been to Port of Subs a few times & it's A-OK.
I really like that they slice their meats & cheeses to order, but their bread sucks.
I stopped by Tuesday after taking my car to emissions (I passed, woohoo!
) & got a large (12') #2-ham, turkey & provolone (added roast beef) for my husband & a small (5") #17-tuna (chose swiss) for myself.
I got white bread for both sandwiches plus 2 bags of chips, no drinks since we were meeting up at home.
Total for 2 subs (1 w/extra meat) & 2 bags of chips was $15.80, a lil pricey.
I'm sure I'll be back if I'm in the area & need a quick lunch.

Delicious tuna subs.
It's a change of pace from the subways of the world and the people are friendly.
Very clean and nice roomy seating.

I had heard such great things about Port of Subs from my co-workers so I decided to check it out.
I like that the meats are sliced fresh.
I think the bread tasted like packaged bread you would buy at the store.
I do like the options of potato or macaroni salad instead of chips.
And I do like that they have 20 oz drinks, not just fountain.
For the price and size, I think Jersey Mike's is way better.

I'm not a meat person but they put almost NO meat on this bread sandwich.
Why even bother when Subway is right down the street?

Although this place is very similar to Subway, I think it's better.
I liked the ciabatta bread so much better than a hard sub roll offered by their competitors.
It seemed a bit pricey for a sub shop, though.
Just sayin'.

Fresh tasting subs...they go the extra mile by shaving the meats and cheeses to order...Worth driving the extra distance in my opinion...the prices are a bit high yes...s mentioned in other reviews....and their potato salad sucks...  Other than that, staff could be friendlier and that's my only pet peeve about the place...Nobody smiles, nobody cares..they just want your money....It's really a turnoff....  Quality food plus service with an attitude costs you two stars.
There's  no reason for you to behave like that with your customers as there are plenty of competition in the area.
Drop the attitudes and I'll be back more often and maybe change my rating.....yes feeling a little bitter about my experience there.

My first time and my turkey, ham and cheddar sandwich is very very tasty!
I will come here again.

We ordered subs for our entire team and they were 5 hours late , our team had to play a game on empty stomach then after game had to wait another 2 hours before we got out subs... No Bueno

Always fast friendly service, good food at acceptable prices.
Recommend it!

First time here.
Stopped in around 1:30 on a week day for lunch.
Would usually go to Subway, but we had a coupon for a free sandwich.
Ordered a 5" with oven roasted chicken on wheat with no cheese and lots of veggies.
My friend got an 8" something on sour dough.
We added chips and a drink to both.
The sandwiches were big with a fair amount of meat and cheese.
Plenty of veggies.
Everything was fresh and tasty.
The downside was the limited choice of condiments.
Nothing lite or low calorie other than plain yellow mustard.
I went with the mustard.
Ended up with way too much, and it was very strong.
The other thing is there was just way too much bread.
I took the top bun off and solved both problems.
We got there at the tail end of lunch.
There was a small line, but it moved quickly.
Service was good.
Everything looked clean.
Total for two sandwiches, chips and drinks was $17 before the coupon.
A bit on the high side, but would go again.
Would like to try a salad or grilled sandwich next time.

Way better than any sandwich place.
This location has a super fast, efficient, great listener meat cutter girl.
She is a shift manager now.
Consistently has the faster line.
Manager is very friendly, and provides good customer service.
Don't forget to get your frequent visitor card to build points and get free items.
Their meat is cut fresh, unlike Subway and Blimpie.
Condiments are very fresh as well.

I LOVE these sandwiches!
OMG they are delicious.
Customer service is always good.
I didn't even know they were there....otherwise I would have gone a lot sooner!

Better portions than subway.
Nicer interior.
Overall pretty good.
Had the sour dough sub roll..
Nothing special and basically too much bread.

Mmmmmmmmm one of my favorite sandwich locations.
Services is very friendly.
They are always busy at lunch time which is a great sign.

