Chef Gianfranco Motti was once at the helm at un bacio ristorante, before venturing on his own near Troon North to give Sassi a little competition.
Not afraid to acknowledge that Gianfranco's cuisine is somewhat more accessible , palate and wallet friendy than neighboring Sassi.
Their dining room is warm, somewhat too dark yet inviting.
Service is warm, not obtrusive.
Dishes like the classic tomato and mozzarella salads are not exactly creative but always good.
The veal piccata was very flavorful ; however the presentation had no wow factor.
The most inviting factor in Gianfranco's is the simplicity of its food.
Couple that with a cozy and romantic atmosphere, warm and knowledgeable staff, and you really cannot go wrong.
On top of that, the charm of nearby Pinnacle Peak adds to a soothing, delightful, and memorable evening.
Gianfranco does not cater to the adventurous diner.
It is a classic Italian restaurant.

Gianfranco's food is simply delicious.
I had a fish special (can't remember details at the moment) and it was very good.
But my husband ordered a simple alfredo dish.
He says the true test of good italian is to order something simple, and if they do that right, they likely do the rest very well.
That alfredo sauce was the BEST alfredo sauce I've ever tasted.
YUM.
It's close by to our house, so we'll definitely be going back!

This is, simply put, classic Italian food at it's best.
I am partial to the Chicken Valdostana, but just about on the menu is excellent.
The specials are usually pretty amazing.

Greeted in the parking lot by Gianfranco!
I kid you not.
Never been to the place before but made to feel as if I was family.
Ordered the Branzino (one of several unreal daily specials) and it was probably the best Branzino I have had off the Adriatic.
Tried several of the other dishes that were just as good.
Service is some of the best I have experienced.
Very knowledgeable and not pushy.
Waiter suggested excellent Italian wine from Montepulciano that was actually very reasonably priced.
Will return and definitely recommend.

What a great restaurant this is...
I've eaten here twice.
Once on New Years Eve and Once for my Birthday and both time they get a WOOHOO!!!
Can they even make a bad meal?
I think not!
The new deal for summer was INCREDIBLE $39.95 for 5 courses and NO skimping on this!
1 app, 1 salad, 1 main course, 1dessert and coffee awesome eh The app and salad are a little smaller but who would want a giant size anyhow.
This is a place I would send anyone to, especially someone I liked :) I for sure give my thumbs up ALL THE WAY!!

I've only been to see Franco couple of times since he opened in Troon North... vs when he was at Un Bacio, I was there more frequently.
I must say that he's food has always been consistent regardless of the location.
It's just good Italian food that I'm familiar with.The service staff was always courteous and accommodating.
atmosphere comfortable.
If I didn't live so far away, I see myself there more often, especially when my wallet can afford it.

Brilliant food!
Simply magnificent.
I had a friend recommend this restaurant at the older location in Scottsdale.
I've seen it in Troon near Pinnacle Peak but never really was interested until my wife and I had a craving for Italian and didn't want a long journey from home so we though Why Not...
Lets splurge...
I had the minestrone soup as an appetizer.
Mouthwatering to say the least and very healthy (not too salty like other soups) Dipping in the fresh baked bread with butter and I was full enough to walk away content.
My wife had the crab appetizer with a mix of fresh stuff that is beyond my expertise of understanding so I'll leave it at that.
I did take a taste and it was magnificent.
Light, not too rich and sooooooo mouthwatering!
For the main course she had the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and she commented that it was the best she had ever had.
She ate only about 1/3 of the plate and took the rest home.
the food is VERY RICH so you could split a main course and be content.
I had a pasta dish with meat filled tortellini and prosciutto in a rich cream sauce.
To die for...Really....Heaven here I come.
So, this is a well run restaurant with a brilliant chef and some very special and individual dishes.
The ONLY negative Is the service.
It took wayyyyyy too long in between meals and at times we felt completely ignored by the wait staff who wold rush over to the table apologizing taking so long and then it's as if they ignored what they just said as we would wait again for someone else to arrive.
The best approach to eating here is not to be rushed, order the drinks AND the appetizers at the same time and then after your close to finishing the appetizers get another drink ordered.
Your main course will be late, but by the time it gets there you should be feeling tolerant enough to enjoy what you can ingest and then take the rest home OR split the main course and you should be good.
Desert was ok, nothing remarkable...

Starting with the food this place is wonderful!
For me the Mozzarella Caprese and the Linguine Carbonara actually made up for all of the weirdness we encountered on our visit.
You're traveling through another dimension, a dimension not only of sight and sound but of mind; at least that is what our visit felt like... Our waiter was obviously (or hopefully) new - we asked for a bottle of sparkling water for the table and one of us wanted a glass of still; the response was, "We only have large bottles of still water," as other people were being served out of the familiar restaurant pitchers of water.
One of us wanted one of the starters on the menu and a salad; I guess not being familiar with the menu they were asked several times if they wanted two salads.
Then, when the requested starter did come the whole table got plates to share what one person wanted.
Assuming this person is new, where is the shadow to train them?
If that was not enough on a rather empty night (maybe four other tables occupied) we were witness to one loud table across the room that was fighting with each other and another, more nearby, that I guess just got a new iPhone and was hoping to find a thesaurus app to spice up their emails.
So, back to the food which is really what it is all about...
The food is excellent and well worth a visit.
Hopefully the comedy show caliber of oddities that surrounded us was the result of some cosmic synchronicity and not a regular event!

What a great restaurant, I can't believe there are not more reviews.
The service was great, and the food was amazing.
I usually never order chicken dishes at a restaurant fearing that the chicken with be dry.
However I was proven wrong!
Their Petto di Pollo alla Martini - Chicken Martini was mouthwatering and perfectly cooked.
My dining companion had their seafood special and raved about it as well.
They had a fantastic wine list with selections of Italian wine as well.
Our server was kind enough to give us some small pours to help us decide on what to get.
I would return to this restaurant in a heartbeat!
keep it up Gianfranco!

They must figure that the old people who go here have no taste buds.
The service was good but pretty cheesy, all pomp and glory for the newly wealthy.
Should have known that we were stepping back in time when half the menu is Veal.
The food was terrible and that is really how I rate a restaurant.
Dryed out fish and chicken covered in salty sauses but the portions were big which explains the clientele.
egg drop soup was good though, very italian:)  If you go dont forget your AARP card and leave your appetite at home.

4-1/2 stars for food .
2 stars for service.
I had no idea this place even existed .
it is tucked away in a shopping center behind Pinnacle Peak in the Troon North area.
I am so glad our friends recommended that we have dinner there.
First of all, the dining room is really pretty.
It reminded me of an old style Italian restaurant from back East in so many ways .
and you would never know it from the outside.
The offered a summer special menu of $34.95 for a starter (appetizer, salad or soup), entree, dessert, and coffee -- a true bargain if you were to add everything up separately.
For starters, we all ordered something different .
calamari fritti, mixed green salad with Gorgonzola, Prosciutto di Parma over fresh seasonal melon, and the beef carpaccio.
All were a hit except my salad was pretty unremarkable and ordinary.
Entrees were AMAZING!
All entrees (except pasta) come with a choice of side, either pasta or the daily veggie (green beans that night).
Hubby had the Veal Martini (Veal cutlet breaded with parmesan cheese, sautéed in brown sauce and topped with asparagus).
I had the Veal Parmigiana, as did one of our friends.
The veal was so incredibly tender you could cut it with only your fork -- heavenly.
For me, the veal parm hearkened back to the old days in the late 1960s and early 1970s when I was a kid in Pittsburgh, PA. We had a favorite restaurant that my family went to every Sunday called the Park Schenley.
Perhaps I have romanticized my experience of it, but I always compare any veal parm to the one there, and Gianfranco didn't disappoint!
BRAVO!!
My other friend (another Yelper) had the Scampi Classico (I hope she will write a review too).
The shrimp were huge and looked really succulent, but we were so busy chatting away, I didn't get a chance to ask her how it tasted.
I am assuming because she finished it with no complaints that she was very pleased.
For dessert, hubby had the Tiramisu.
It was a very hefty portion and he made no excuse for orgasmically moaning how delicious it was.
I had the cannoli .
it was just okay.
The filling was a little too creamy for my taste.
I like my cannoli heavy on the ricotta texture.
Coffee was delicioso!
I forgot to ask what kind they serve.
Service was a downer, to say the least.
S-L-O-W. Our server apologized for the slow service and blamed it on the fact that the restaurant was closing for two weeks for summer vacation and everyone decided to come in that night .
they weren't prepared for such a crowd.
I have to wonder how that could be when we were one of the first tables seated and we were the last to leave, why that was .
Believe me, we were not lingering .
It seems that this is not unusual based on other reviewers comments.
Even still, the food (and the company) more than made up for the lack of service.
We will definitely be regulars here, but we will make sure that if we are pressed for time (which fortunately we were not this particular night), we will let them know in advance.

Great food.
Summer special menu is amazing value.
Been there 5 times now and never disappointed.

Absolutely marvelous food.
Do any veal dish!

Some of the best food I've had in my mouth.
Gianfranco came to our table to see how it was, very cool.
Will absolutely go back.

Great service, nice ambience, but the pounded pork chop was suffocated in mozzarella, the veal parmigiana was too much tomato and again smothered in mozzarella.
Not much imagination.
Other yelpers have said it was like back east Italian places -NOT.
Didn't try the pasta-maybe next time, maybe.

Great food - really EXPENSIVE.
Excellent service - really EXPENSIVE.
Small but terrific bar and bartender (Michael) - drinks are probably the highest price in AZ.
Intimate and comfortable setting.
Owner socializes with the patrons - a very nice touch.
But expensive!

By far the best classic Italian Restaurant in  Scottsdale.
The chef came to our table and I asked him to prepare what he thought was best for us , did not disappoint.
Big personality , great food, fun environment.

Excellent meal.
What else is there to say!

Again a amazing dinner.
We had some appetizers and amazing risotto primavera with chicken.
Can't go wrong with this hidden gem.
Great service and food as always !

You step in and walk into an upscale grandma's dining room.
You might hear as we did a deep Italian Voice singing from the kitchen who might have been the chef.
Our waiter also had an Italian accent and was very enthusiastic explaining the evenings dinner specials.
We went with one of the appetizer specials and two of the dinner specials since they seemed very good.
Someone soon brings us very crusty bread, they provide butter but also have very high quality olive oil on the table to use.
My husband started the house made pasta that had pieces of veal osso bucco threw it in a well made sauce.
He just kept saying this is really good.
I started with a light arugula salad.
The salad was small but not too small , the salad was dressed nicely and was fresh.
I went with the Branzino since it was flown in yesterday.
The fish was so fresh you almost tasted the seawater in it.
My meal was cooked to perfection and the lemon white wine caper sauce just danced in my mouth and showed the skill of a trained chef.
I picked the green beans as my side and they were cooked threw but crisp, lightly buttered and came out the most beautiful emerald green color.
My husband had the pork chop, the waiter didn't ask how he'd like it prepared but it came out perfect.
The pork chop was lightly breaded and topped with prosciutto and fontina cheese.
The sauce that the chop was in was in was also out of this world , very flavorful and made the dish special.
Like magic both dinners stayed piping hot till the last bite.
I didn't have any problems using my preferred Diner's Card getting me one meal for free.
The gratuity gets added on when you use a card.
Maybe the menu and decor is a little Old Fashioned but the place is very neat and clean.
4.5 stars

Nice atmosphere, good service, mediocre food at best.
My advice save your money.

First time at this Restuarant .
Set back off the road.
Food was very good, Service  was fine.
Price was in line with the quality of both.
Will definitely be heading back.
Might move it up one more star after I see the quality of both holds up over time.

Great meal, service was good,  We will return SOON!
Worth every penny!

Food is good.
Service at the bar is excellent .
Franco dropping f- bombs at the the bar is a total turn off.
Tell him to stay in the kitchen.
We came back 6 months later  and had the most bizarre experience.
The owner/ chef came out of the kitchen and verbally attacked a table of patrons.
He said that he was not happy with their disappointment with one of their dinners.
He challenged them to the parking lot where he was going to punch the F-bomb out of them.
The customers told him to stand back and even asked if the police could be called.
The food is still good, yet over priced.
Go only at your own risk.

Tucked inside a small but nice north Scottsdale plaza I never knew was there.
Happy now that I have been introduced to this charming Italian delight!
The mood is casual, comfortable ,and great for older families or a business dinner.
A romantic first date can also be accomplished nicely.
Our server was patient as we chatted and never did we feel rushed.
After deciding on wine our glasses were never empty.
I like that!
Great wine list too!
Appetizers of Calamari and Carpaccio came and went!
Loved the Carpaccio, the Calamari was just ok. Veal Marsala was my choice and just as I anticipated it was excellent.
My friend had a fresh catch, I think halibut and it was very good as well.
i love that Chef came over to say hello on such a busy night.
That is a nice touch and makes you feel special and at home.
It was a wonderful dining experience and i look forward to coming back to sit outside for dessert and cappuccino!

Highly recommend.
Right across from pinnacle peak park.
Italian food at its finest.

Excellent, attentive service.
Along with the printed menu, there were five or so appetizers and the same amount of entrees explained to us by our waiter.
Fresh, well prepared food.
Pricey, but I don't mind it when you get the type of food and service we enjoyed tonight.
If you dine here, ask about the story behind Franco.
Very interesting.
Definitely adding Gianfranco's to the list.

This place was good but overpriced .

Best italian in phoenix!
We drive 45min one way for this place.

I would actually give this 3.5.
Good meal, but very overpriced.
I had some chicken with asparagus and cheese that was very good, but close to $30 in price.
The Tiramisu was all cream....not very much liqueur or cake.
Coffee was good.
Meh overall.

This place was simply amazing!
We came here for my husband's birthday and they treated us like royalty!
I love when you can sit down and enjoy a dinner without feeling like your server is trying to "turn the table".
Our server was in no rush at all, but not in a bad way.
We were seated promptly and pour glasses of ice water.
Our table was unbelievably freezing.
Since most restaurants in the summer are cold I had brought a pashmina, but it was just not enough.
The server immediately noticed my discomfort and adjusted the thermostat.
That is really attentive!
We had an appetizer of calamari which was good, but pretty standard.
For our salads my husband had the one with blue cheese which was good and I the caprese which was really awesome!
Then came the highlight..... for our meals my husband had the veal parmigiana which he loved until he tasted my Veal Piemontese that was an explosion!!!
I would definitely dine here again!

Great restaurant!
The food is excellent and the staff is always welcoming and professional.
I love the pork chop, sea bass, scampi, soups, crab salad, beet salad..
I could go on and on.
It is truly amazing.
I look forward to dining at Gianfrancos.
The owner is very personable and a great host and fabulous chef.

Perfectly cooked pasta.
Very clean comfortable place.
Excellent service.
Not cheap but such good food.
I had the carbonara which was the best I have had in Arizona so far.
My mother had a pork chop smothered in brown gravy that was to die for.
I hope they have this the next time I go because I will order this for sure.
Best Italian in North Scottsdale.

I went here on the day before Valentine's day with my boyfriend and the cutest old couple bought our dinner(: great service!
And so delicious

The food was excellent!
I would say the BEST in Arizona for Italian.
The staff  explains the specials well.
The staff is always very busy.
The price for just entrees is quite expensive.
The atmosphere is elegant.
I have been a fan of this place since it opened!

Food is absolutely amazing.

Over priced, average service.
Nothing special with the food.
Bland and typical micro waved food.
Bread not fresh and wine menu over priced with cheap italian wines.
Get costco carry out instead.

This place is amazing.
Beautiful atmosphere and with out a doubt the best fine dining Italian food on the planet.
Wow!

Disappointing - high energy equals lousy ambiance for a quiet romantic dinner.
Odd tables (table for two much longer than usual - 4 ft from your table mate).
Food was fair - very expensive and therefore marginal value.
Tried it once, will not be back

I'll start by saying the food here stands alone.
The service though, makes it 100x better.
I come from an Italian family, so the chef/owner cursing up a storm in the kitchen actually makes me feel at home.
He keeps a tight ship and whatever he's doing, I suggest he keeps it going.
Try anything with piccata sauce.
I myself, take pride in my piccata sauce (having learned the recipe from grandpa who resides in Florence, Italy) I would have to say this is much better.
So authentic you won't find better anywhere in the area.
The waiters are articulate and accommodating, the runners and bussers are very polite as well.
When you come here, prepare to SPEND.
You get what you pay for so you won't leave unhappy, but maybe a little broke.
Atmosphere is romantic and very Italian.
Men, if you want to impress your date, don't spare any expense and come here!
She'll be falling to her knees in no time:) overall 5+ stars.

Wow... That's all I can say.. And I mean wow as in how could someone possibly eat this food?
We walked in and were greeted by a grumpy woman.
We got no Hi or Hello.
As soon as we walked into the main restaurant, it was all monotone.
It was all brown and beiges and extremely old.
There were about eight others in the restaurant, so that was definitely as bad sign.
A customer was walking back to her table and across the restaurant yelled " Oh my gosh I just ripped a huge one in the bathroom".
We were disgusted.
We were immediately served bread and given menus.
Bread was okay.. wasn't warm and we were given hard butter.
The butter would have been nice to add to the bland bread we were given.
We receive our food and the presentation was not impressive, as the waiter had previously stated.
Two of my family members ordered the veal and chicken piccata and both sauces looked completely different.
The chicken was tough and tasted horrible.
Someone else ordered the special, veal and cheese stuffed ravioli in a red vodka sauce.
The sauce was hot, but once the ravioli was cut, I knew it was out of a package.
The middle was completely cold and the pasta was chewy.
It was so obvious everything was NOT homemade.
Someone else ordered the fettuccine alfredo with chicken.
It was very gloppy and looked like it came out of a package as well.
The chicken tasted like it was freeze dried and made for NASA.
The meal was completely awful and the prices are sure as hell overpriced.
I would never tell anyone to eat at this place.
The chef should try his/her food because it is horrible.
I was tempted to enter this restaurant to be on Restaurant Impossible so Robert Irvine can redo the decor to lighten it up and to fix the food so it is edible.
If the restaurant used real chicken, those chickens would be running out the door because the food is that bad.
I thought I had gone to an Italian restaurant, but there was no Italian food that I tasted.
All we got was the expensive bill for microwaved food and chronic diarrhea.
This deserves two thumbs down and a pink slip.

Words cannot describe how I felt about this restaurant but I am going to try!
First off the hostess was not friendly at all and I would almost say RUDE.
I ordered the Italian soup with spinach and egg and it looked like I threw up my egg and spinach omelet from breakfast.
Of the four entrees we ordered nothing was good and very small portions!
The prices were so high and the portions were very small........a BIG tourist trap for sure!!!!
I am warning everyone, do not go to this restaurant unless you want to be bent over!
Gianfrancos should be ashamed to call themselves a restaurant.
Definitely two thumbs down!i would rather have gone to Olive Garden and save my money!!!!

A few weeks ago we dined at Gianfranco Restaurant and found the food and service to be excellent.
We so thoroughly enjoyed the experience that we asked a couple , whom are friends and also dine out an average of four nights per week, to join us .
We arrived early, so we decided to begin in the bar area at a hightop table and begin with happy hour prior to ordering from the regular menu.
We ordered appetizers and wine , which was beyond the "happy hour" variety and was enjoying a quiet visit with our friends and noticed the owner happily visiting with the  patrons at the bar, which seemed a nice touch until I saw him gesture toward us and referred to us as "happy hour moochers".
I did not mention this to the others at that time.
Then, as we were beginning to enjoy our meals from the main menu , he (Gianfranco) came close to our table and in a very vial manner, loudly insulted us yet again.
I then asked the waiter what the problem was.
He was very apologetic and asked the G.M.
to come over ,which he did, and he also apologized and offered to buy our dinner.
We were appreciative , however, we rejected his offer.
Gianfranco continued to party with the customers seated at the bar , but , seemed obsessed for some unknown reason by not wanting us there.
We then finished our meals in total discomfort , Paid our bill which totaled $300.00 and quietly departed for the last time ever.
We did notice that only three tables were filled in the main dining room, which based on our bizarre experience may not be just a coincidence.
We have no idea what is wrong with this man.
however , he could be single handedly destroying his own restaurant.
His excellent chefs, waiters and bartender deserve far better than this.
What a tragedy!

