I drove by this place and did a double take!
Good Ole Dunkin Donuts!
Yay!
I stopped in and grabbed an iced tea and a donut and really enjoyed it.
I will be back!

Being from Massachusetts, I can't help adoring everything about Dunkin Donuts.
Their doughnuts are fantastic, coffee is great, and not nearly as much as Starbucks.
Oh, and bagels are great too.
I always saw Dunkin's as the happy medium between Einstein's and Starbucks.
I'll always love it here, I'm an eternal customer.

My son gets a donut reward for making it thru church.
He is three so sometimes lovin Jesus just isn't enough.
I thought their selection was limited and sooooo picked over.
The donuts we did get were poor quality for the price, stingy on the icing come on.
We need to find a better local place.

Sometimes the donuts are stale, even at 6am.
They're usually good though.
The coffee is good, but don't let them put cream and sugar in for you because the ratio is always off.
The low-calorie breakfast sandwiches are pretty tasty.

I received a coupon in the mail for a free coffee and decided to see what all of the hype was about.
Walked in, and the girl working there didn't really say hello; she acknowledged my presence, but there was no audible "welcome".
I felt like an idiot.
I had obviously never been there before (there are very few Dunkin Donuts in Denver, and fried dough dunked in delicious frosting is not exactly a staple in my diet...).
I asked for an iced coffee.
Did I want cream or sugar?
Skim milk would be nice...with a little bit of half and half...but couldn't I do it myself?
I guess not.
She poured my beverage, handed it over and just stared at me.
Did I want anything else?
Umm...I had been thinking about a pound of coarsely ground coffee, but where were the prices?
I suppose the cost was irrelevant, as she informed me that there was no way of adjusting the grind of the coffee; "the machine just does it all the way".
Nevermind.
The coffee was okay.
I'm glad it was free.
I don't see myself frequenting Dunkin Donuts in the future.

What can I say?
Dunkin' Donuts has made a serious comeback - they were on the verge of going under just a few years ago, now they have bounced back strong - good service, good prices, good coffee, good donuts.

AWW HELL NAW.. Yelp only limits me to give this place 5 stars?
1 million star rating for Dunkin Donuts..
PLEASE OPEN SOME UP IN THE BAY AREA!!!!!

I've been coming to this location once or twice a week since they opened three years ago.
This Dunkin Donuts has a friendly bunch, who work very hard at giving you what you want... a hot cup of coffee at 6:15 in the morning.
I also like the birthday cards that come in the mail and all the new sandwiches that Dunkin Brands has introduced.
For those of us who haven't traveled to Michigan or Canada, (yes that is two different places); may I recommend you try Tim Horton's if you get the chance.
The similarities abound and you can see where Dunkin is going with their concept.
It will be very interesting when Tim Horton's opens more stores here in the US.
In the meantime, "It's time to make the donuts!
"    Enjoy!

If you are interested in any type of customer service DO NOT GO HERE.
Was so excited to take my daughter here after she scored her first goal in soccer - ended up leaving angry never to return.
They have the nastiest old man working there - never been treated so bad trying to pick out a donut.
He was rude, impatient and literally told us to hurry up because he had other things to do.
NEVER AGAIN.

DD has now taken my business for coffee.
I don't go for the doughnuts but for their iced coffee.
It is half the price of Starbucks and just as good and their drive thru is even quicker.

The everything bagle with sausage, egg and cheese makes a great breakfast.
It's not to sweet and is filling.
I did experiance an issue with my coffee on my last visit, I was able to call the manager and even sent her a photo of the issue from my phone.
She was understanding and didn't accuse me of making anything up and stated she'd make sure that the incident doesn't repeat itself.

The crew this morning did not look very happy!
It was way to obvious that they wanted to be somewhere else.
There was a group of people waiting for the hot food, and the line at the register was getting longer and no one seemed very interested in helping the customers.
One employee was just going about stocking items, the fact that there was a line forming didn't seem to matter.
Maybe they need Robert Irvine to come in and show them that customers are a priority and that a smile, pleasant tone and sense of urgency to get food out is what makes a restaurant successful.

Coffee is the standard very drinkable DD brew.
Service is slower than police response time in Detroit.

I went here with my younger brother last weekend, and, IT WAS AWESOME.
I had not visited this location, but I had a hungry 15 year old on my hands and a coupon full of pockets.
I got a bagel - he got a breakfast sandwich - and all the food was good!
The drinks were on spot and the shift manager was oh-so-sweet and oh-so-kind.
She put up with our indecisive ways, was actually warm/friendly (shocker for Scottsdale), happily accepted said coupons, seemed genuine, and her cohort in coffee crime was great too.
So, thanks Dunkin!
I will definitely be back!

Waited maybe 10 min for coffee and breakfast.
Employee apologized for the wait, gave me an extra sandwich and coupons for 4 free coffees.
DD just made a new customer, will be going to DD from now on.
Good job DD!

I love this Dunkin!
The staff are always super friendly.
They have several tables around (inside and out) and wifi, so bring your laptop and sit for a spell.
My favorite donut in the world is the brownie batter.
Sadly, it's only available around Valentine's.
The only downfall with this location is the parking lot.
Sure they have spots right up front by the door, but they're a pain in the rear to get out of.
Make it easy for yourself and park across the way -- you'll see what I mean when you get there.
Then just play Frogger across the parking lot, bobbing and weaving between speeding cars, to get to your cup of brew.
The extra walking won't hurt ya!

