Very professional and courteous staff who make you feel very welcome.
I've only been for one treatment so far, about a week ago, and there is a definite improvement in the appearance of my tattoo, as in it's going away.
60 days is recommended between treatments so hopefully it will fade more in the next 6 weeks or so.
I'll update this as everything progresses but so far I've been quite happy with the service I've received and the results up to this date.

Went for 2nd treatment today.
Again, the staff here are really friendly and make you feel very welcome.
They also take the time to answer all your questions in detail.
I think that they're doing the best job possible but my expectations of how quick the removal process should take may be different than reality.
I've posted pictures of the pre-treatment and after 60 days, I'll be posting after another 60 days after the 2nd treatment.

It was my 7th treatment yesterday at Serenity.
Oh how I am excited to see my tattoo getting lighter and lighter, with very minimal pain.
Staff Steve and Rebecca are very professional, friendly and caring.
I truly believe that they are there to help people like me to remove unwanted tattoos.
The price is sooooo reasonable.
Equipment There are 2 types of laser removal machine and a chiller.
The chiller really helps ease the pain by numbing the area as much as possible.
Side note:  The first time I came here for consultation, I was very hesitant since I have skin issues.
Steve tested a tiny part of my tattoo to see how my skin will react to the laser.
Years back when I went to a consultation in a Houston Laser Removal office, the doctor wanted to test a part of my tattoo, but with a cost of $250.
Steve didn't charge me at all.
I agree with Michael, I also think that they're doing the best possible.
It just sucks that it takes so many treatments.
However, I do see the improvements treatment after treatment ,and that I am under the professional hands of this office staff.
Definitely recommend this office.

I visited the office today and there is something I want to share w/reviewers.
In addition to the two types of laser tattoo removal machine and a chiller, there is a hi-tech laser tattoo removal machine that works even better since it can be used for all colors.
It gets the ink better while causing very  minimal damage to the skin.
Based on my conversation with Steve, he attended the laser machine event annually to stay up-to-date with equipment to offer the best treatment possible for his patient.
I witness his passion for helping patients to rid of the unwanted tattoos.
I have to say that Steve and Rebecca again are so caring,  considerate and personable.
Unlike other offices that want you in and out, they take the time to build rapport and the office and patient relationship.
I am very pleased with my treatments and highly recommend this office.

I had a horrrrible laser tattoo experience prior to using Serenity Tattoo.
The woman BEFORE Serenity Tattoo had left my back with scars because she didn't know what she was doing.
I remember the pain being unbearable during those laser treatments.
Upon using Serenity Tattoo, I was astonished with the night and day difference this place has to offer its clientele.
The pain was cut in half!
The professionalism of the staff is incredible!
They truly care about their clientele.
I drive all the way from Southern Utah to use their services.
They ALWAYS accommodate my schedule to fit me in.
They even sent me a birthday card!
This place will successfully meet your laser tattoo removal needs and surpass them!
I highly recommend Serenity Tattoo!

I did my research to find the best tattoo removal in town and this is what I found.
I wanted to go somewhere to COMPLETELY get rid of my tattoo with NO damage and at REASONABLE price and this is the place!
Steve is very passionate and caring.
he promises number of sessions, gives  you an honest opinion and always makes you feel comfortable.
he is very skilled on what he does and I would totally recommend this to anyone trying to get rid of a hideous tattoo that one thought would be impossible....well not for Steve!
:-) P.S.
he takes pictures of EACH session to show you the process in high-res pics!

I couldn't even manage to schedule a consultation with the man that I just spoke with.
He was very rude, sounded impatient, as if he had better things to do..He didn't offer me his name.
Looking on their website, there is a nice looking lady, smiling, sitting in front of a computer...... She must have been busy, or on vacation.
I waited for him to get his calendar, which tells me that they must not have an up to date system...
I have never called some place to schedule an appointment and had to wait for them to get something, or to wait for their computer to load...Because they are READY to treat customers.!
He asked me when I would like to come in, and I asked him what was the soonest day he had available.
He then asked me, "What day"  I asked him about tomorrow, (Friday)   He then asked me what time.
I asked for what he had available, and he said he had something at 3pm.
I told him that wouldn't work, and I asked him about Monday, in the morning.
"what time?
"  In the morning....................Like I just said.
In the morning on Monday, if you have something available in the morning, you know, like before noon...?!?!
You know what you have available, and what you don't, so why do I have to play Russian roulette with appointment times?
I had enough, and I hung up.
Any other place that I have called to get a consultation from is ready, and willing with what they have available, on what days.
I didn't have to pull teeth.
Hopefully, you will have better luck than I did.

I love this place!
They make you feel comfortable throughout the entire consultation and procedure.
Steve answers any and all questions even after you leave!
The feeling is more family/friend rather than patient/doctor.
There was no pain!
they gave me antibiotic ointment, anti-itch cream, and an ice pack before i left; all free!!
(the icepack helps relieve the after feeling.
)  The staff is amazing and I'm so glad to be removing my tattoo at serenity tattoo removal!
Also I got free candy and let me tell you free candy is the best!!
Haha I will post results of the removal at a later time:) thanks Steve!!!!!
Ps I encouraged Steve to buy skyrim and he totally got it!!
Love, love, love this place!

They do amazing work here.
I've had tattoos removed at other places and I have scars from them and you can still see the outlines.
The tattoos that I had removed here are just gone without a trace, no scar, no shadow.
You can't tell I ever had a tattoo on my wrist or arm!
He also cleaned up some of the removal work from the other place and they are looking a lot better.
He has the best equipment and maintains it.
Do not go anywhere else!!

