We have been to the Nest and the Crypt but this one is our favorite!

We lost our voices from screaming (yes, Jason did too!).
This place has four haunted houses to go through.
Each one was unique in it's own way.
They were all fun, scary and the cast made a world of difference.
Everyone working really got into their part.
They almost looked like they were having more fun then the guests!
The costumes, make up and props were great (they even had us walk through a trailer house!).
For the best experience, try to go with two or three people through the houses.
If you are with a large group, you may want to break it up.
If you can't, the cast does a good job trying to get the people trailing from behind scared as well (watch out from the back!).
There are a lot of teenagers there, but it is to be expected.
If you have a good Halloween spirit and enjoy haunted houses, this is the place for you.
I hadn't gone to a haunted house in over 10 years.
A huge thanks to the cast.
We had a great time!
Arizona Scream Park is tough to beat!
They did have beer and soda.
Cash only.

Okay so I haven't been to a haunted house in over a decade and I liked this one but I did encounter a few things that I felt could have been improved.
First off I was told several times that no refunds will be given.
I was well aware of that rule when I bought my ticket at the front gate.
But then the employees working the front of each haunted house repeatedly mentioned "NO REFUNDS.
" The guy working GoldMiners Revenge must've said it 3 times while he was going over the rules.
With that said, my next issue was the dead spots in GoldMiners Revenge.
Yeah it took 10 minutes to complete this house but at least 6 minutes of it was me trying to find my way through the dark.
I know thats the point but I felt these dead zones could have at least had more props or something.
Finally my last problem was the timing.
When I went through the new Horror High we ended up catching up with the group in front of us and they were the ones getting all the scares.
Then the group behind us caught up and before we knew it there were like 12 people walking through the same section of the house.
I realize they need to maximize the amount of people going through each house due to volume but it took away part of the experience.
I haven't had the chance to visit any other haunted houses in Arizona yet but for the most part this park is mediocre at best.

While I would love to give this place 4 stars, I just can't.
I can't justify spending the $27 dollars-per-person on 4 "okay" haunted houses.
This was my first trip to the AZ Scream Park and I had high hopes.
Unfortunately, it didn't really meet them.
Let me explain.
I went with my fiancé on a Friday night and we went through 2 houses.
The first house we went in was Gold Miner's Revenge.
This house was huge compared to the other, Horror High (a "touch house"... it was pretty entertaining).
However, bigger wasn't better in this case.
Yes, we had some good scares.
But I was more concerned with my surroundings and the lack of any directional lighting or glow tape or anything.
I had to be told by the actors on numerous occasions that I was going the wrong way.
Why?
Because you can't see.
ANYTHING.
I know the unseen adds to the suspense, but the entire track?
That's a safety hazard.
There should have been some kind of lighting on the ground to outline the path.
And there are looooong stretches of "dead zone" (areas where absolutely nothing happens) that could be lit with mini spotlights and fog machines, just for the sake of adding a little light and some semblance of a break in the monotony.
The tragedy here is that the track looked awesome (going through the trailer at the end was a great surprise!
), I just desperately wish we could see more of it.
Basically, what it comes down to is that AZ Scream Park needs to put some more money into effects and details in their attractions (at $27 per person they should be able to afford it!

I remember coming here when I was younger.
This was one of the first haunt experiences with just my friends and I, and we thought it was way badass.
Fast forward to the present and it's a different story.
First of all, erase any notions of high tech thrills.
This is a straight old school experience, meaning not too many crazy costumes, sets, props and way more actor scares.
Done right this can be awesome and way effective, but done half assed and it can be a shit sandwich with a side of diarrhea soup.
Second, the price is pretty steep for what you get.
It's 27 bucks for all access, plus 10 if you want the fast pass.
If the mazes had some real quality it would be worth it, but most are just dark areas with super dusty floors.
I will give credit for their theming, because all the mazes have a backstory that follows through during your experience.
There are four mazes total, with one being in 3D.
All in all, go if you haven't been or want some old style thrills, but skip if you don't like getting dusted as shit and have high standards for Halloween entertainment.

So I will rate the pumpkin patch portion of this place.
We did NOT go to the haunted house so please take that into account.
I have seen this place setup before and in years past it was much bigger and more festive.
The people there were very nice but busy hanging out with their friends and chatting (can't say I blame them too much there was minimal traffic)  Either way we did get a couple of good pumpkins and my 2 year old thought it was fun.
Next time I think I may head for Tucson for a good old fashioned hay ride and farm experience at Buckelew.

Ok guys...
So a group of friends and I went to This park last night to celebrate.
We bought the tickets that would allow us to go into two different houses.
We were right at the end of the first house walking through a dark tunnel with uneven ground.
My friend was holding onto the wall to steady himself and snagged his hand on a nail.
An employee taped up his gashed

I didn't know what to expect when going to this haunted house, but when I got there, it really scared me and my friends.
We had a great time!

Lame lame lame.
Felt very amateurish.
Unorganized.
Slow lines.
If your idea of scary is a few teenagers jumping at you, you'll enjoy.
Also extremely rude chick at miners entrance.
Save your money not worth the admission

I don't have much to compare this to, but I thoroughly enjoyed this haunted house experience.
We purchased our tickets online and exchanged them for wristbands when we walked up.
Once inside, we picked the house that looked like it had the shortest line and got ready.
The actors on the outside made us laugh, and the ones on the inside made us scream!
I'm tough to scare, but there were enough "jump factors" to keep me on edge.
The abandoned mine was creepy because it was almost too "Arizona".
Like, I've walked through those sewer pipes out in the dessert.
The clown house was trippy; 3D glasses, painted walls and crazy lights combined into an experience that kept us just off kilter the whole way through.
The hospital touched on some real fear when we were forced to crawl through small spaces and ended up getting lost.
There were also some great scenes between the zombies chasing us.
The school was definitely the best one, where the actors were allowed to touch and mess with us a little more.
The lines were kind of long, but we were there on a Friday night.
For 4 different houses with different concepts, I felt I got my money's worth.

I had my doubts at first.
Driving past this park, it's very unassuming.
Walking through the park is something else entirely!
We originally had our hearts set on the "Thirteenth Floor" haunted house but didn't want to make the trek.
Plus, staying near Old Town Scottsdale provided the added benefit of consuming several doses of liquid courage.
We planned ahead and bought tickets online (cash only at the door).
The Eventbrite website makes you include names and emails for each ticket.
They do not actually check the names at the door.
Instead, you redeem your purchased tickets (via phone app or printed) for general admission wristbands.
The tickets are $29 and well worth it.
There are actually four different "houses" within the scream park: Horror High, Zombie Infirmary, Clown Town of Terror and Gold Miner's Revenge.
Each one offered a unique theme with a couple serious scares.
I consider myself relatively fearless, but when you're making your way down a dark hallway and some creepy ghoulish figure comes bounding down, I don't care who you are, your blood gets pumping!
Without giving too much away, the Clown house had crazy neon paint and 3-D glasses.
You'll get physically touched in one of the houses, but it's very light.
I was extremely impressed with how well the monsters stayed in character the whole time.
Even when we got lost in a maze, we were ushered to freedom by menacing voices.
Overall, a very good haunted house experience.
It's a lot of fun going through with a group of friends or family just to hear their reactions.
I definitely recommend AZ Scream Park when looking to satisfy your Halloween haunted house needs.

I wasnt expecting much, based on word of mouth my friend had received in her position as a bartender.
We arrived and started at the furthest house to the left and worked our way clockwise.
The Zombie Infirmary was absolutely terrifying.
Completely pitch black in many areas and absolutely phenomenal.
The Old Miner location was pretty scary.
Horror High was amazing, second best to ZI.
There was a little person on a tricycle that was one of the most creepy things I have seen in my life.
The Clown Town of Terror was so-so at best.
If I had to do it again, I would get this out of the way first and work my way up through the rankings I have provided.
A few final thoughts.
Wear crappy shoes and pants, extremely dusty area.
Go to this and not 13th floor, way scarier.
If possible, go in a twosome.
They send you through as a couple which allows both of you to receive every fright, not like the big hoards sent through at most haunted houses.

