MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE ITALIAN RESTAURANT!!!!
I've been going here for years!
Ever since I was going to the real estate school next door, at their Sahara location (i believe this location is their only one now).
I used to always get a couple slices of cheese pizza, and I was always amazed at how delicious a simple cheese pizza can be!
They obviously use the best ingredients in order for something so simple to taste so amazing!
I've since moved to Los Angeles, BUT I DEFINITELY make plans to visit Montesano's every time I'm in town!
TRUST ME WHEN I SAY THEY MAKE THE BEST PIZZA AND CAPRISI SALAD I'VE EVER HAD!!!
I haven't tried much else since I don't get to go there that often anymore, I usually stick to pizza and caprisi salads.
I remember the first time i took my girlfriend here, it was back in January, and she ordered the Carprisi salad (i hadn't had it prior) and it blew us both away!
So this last time I visited them just several days ago, my girlfriend and i each ordered the Carprisi salad AND a small pizza.
You guys get my point, this place is a gem buried in a hay stack!
I used to live in Las Vegas, so i realize there is SOOOOO much competition in that town!
Especially since tourists never leave the strip therefore making business even harder for places like Montesano's!
I found this place by accident, and my mission now is for EVERYONE who can get to that side of town to try them!
It's worth it!
THE BEST PIZZA YOU'LL EVER HAVE, the freshest ingredients make for the best pizza, it's simple yet so many places manage to mess it up.
Their service alone would make me go back, very friendly, they treat you like family here.
I believe it's run by two brother and a sister.
I think one of the brothers names is Sammy and the sisters name is Tony.
I've yet to meet the other brother.
Tony was there last time we went, she's extremely nice, and like I mentioned before, treats you like family, like someone she's known for a very long time.
The atmosphere is perfect too!
The place is just the right size and they have all booths, making your dining experience intimate with the people you're with.
Funny italian posters don the walls here.
BTW, they have wonderful Italian sweet here too!!!
I can go on and on and on about this place, I wish them all the best and I hope to go back VERY VERY soon!
TO ANYONE FROM MONTESANO'S THAT MAY READ THIS...
Thank you for your hospitality, your great food and for making my trips to vegas that much more worth it!
See ya'll soon!

This is the best pizza in Vegas .
The Garlic knots in the ranch they serve are heaven to the taste buds.
In addition the best food the owners are the nicest guys you ever want to meet whether you live there or are just visiting you have to make this place a must.

I had their Garlic Knots and the wings, my girlfriend had the pizza.
First off, the wings were okay, not enough hot sauce for me and the ranch was too thick and didn't really have a good taste to it but thats okay.
The pizza my girlfriend order was great, she got a a specialty pizza and really enjoyed it.
Now, for the Garlic Knots, I been looking for a place that has good knots, the place that closed by my home (Roma Pizza) has the best knots next to Enozs and now after having their knots, they are just to die for!
This place is very friendly, the guy behind the counter was nice and made me feel welcome, the dinning area was nice as well.
I would go back to this place again.

Montesano's, mi amore.
I pen this ode to share your wonderfulness with the world, happily giving away my secret knowledge to all, whether they be worthy or not.
Montesano's used to have two locations, at points vast distances away from their current address.
This was quite a bummer, being that I, too, had an address far from the old space.
Despite the casualness of the atmosphere, the lack of exotic recipes or high prices, Montesano's was always my favorite restaurant, and quite the treat on the rare occasions we would make the hike across town.
But now!
For the past few years Montesano's has been serving the food I've come to love over the past decade IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD.
I can wax poetic about the virtues of Montesano's for hous, so excuse me if I perhaps over-abbreviate my review.
To sum things up: the food is awesome.
They're mostly classic italian recipes, along with pizzeria type stuff - pizza, heros, etc.
Nothing too fancy.
but every plate is delicious.
The veal parmigiana ousted veal I've happily paid twice for elsewhere.
The garlic knots are amazingly simple but crack-like in their addictive properties.
The stuffed pizza is good enough to satiate cravings for the ones we used to order in NY.
And it's a family-owned and operated.
They're no pretense.
No pandering.
No attempted hip'ness.
Just good food at a fair price.
Go, and try it.
Or don't.
I'm happy to give them business, but I'd be just as happy to not see them get too popular.
MY ONE REQUEST: Outdoor seating!
Give me a place to sit outside and smoke a cigar with my meal, so that I can truly sit and enjoy the food the right way.
PRO-TIP: They catered my confirmation!

I LOVE this place.
The owners are super friendly and the food is always fresh and delicious.
I SWEAR by the 5-cheese pizza.
It has a smoked mozzarella on it that is delicious and the crust is always great.
The caprisi salad has house-made cheese.
The pasta sauces are always fresh and hot.
They give you a very generous serving for each entree.
The stuffed garlic knots are also delicious.
DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT BUYING SOME HOUSE-MADE PASTRIES.
Especially the cookies.

ok, here's the bottom line: the food is awesome and the cannolli's are the best i've ever had, but the SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!!!
every time i have gone in the service has gotten worse and worse, they were so incredibly rude the last time i went in that i absolutely will never go back, their loss my daughter loved their pizza and we were getting it every other week along with a few cannolli's, but we are done, no more.
u can't treat your customers like that, i don't care who you are, especially in times such as these you should be stepping up your customer service and not stepping on them.

I went to montesano's the other day because I have a friend that kept raving about them (chuck) :).
I was raised on Italian food.
I was born in Sicily.
I was a cook in a restaurant and have been cooking for myself my entire life.
I would consider myself to have a refined tongue at some level.
To be completely honest, its the best Italian food I have had in Las Vegas, and probably EVER.
If your wanting to eat Italian, this is the only place I would recommend, as I bet you any amount of money that you could order ANYTHING of off their menu, and not be unsatisfied.
You could tell it was all made from scratch, and home recipe's.

This place has the BEST food EVER!
You have to try the Italian twinkies.
That's right.
I said "italian twinkies".
So good.

I wanted to review this place the first time we ate here a few months ago, but I honestly thought it was too good to be true.
Had we found the Holy Grail of Pizza in Las Vegas?
Hubby and I had to try it again to be sure, and I promised myself I would Yelp it after our second go'round... so here goes.
Hallelujah!!!!
Montesano's is officially our FAVORITE pizza joint in all of the Las Vegas valley.
Their simple traditional Italian menu, paired with outstanding quality of ingredients, makes the yummiest pizza you can possibly imagine!
They bake their bread fresh EVERYDAY!
(and you can smell it when you open the door), they make their own sausage, they don't skimp on toppings - but they don't overload them either, and the pizza sauce is so basic it's hard to believe it can be that good... but it is, oh it so is!!!
We ordered the House Special Pizza, and the Garlic Knots.
The overall harmony of the fabulous sauce, sweet sausage, meatballs, pepperoni, bell peppers, mushrooms, onions and the perfectly cooked soft and chewy, yet crisp crust on this pie was unparalleled.
The Garlic Knots were absolutely 100% like a previous Yelper said "crack-like in their addictive properties.
"  We could not stop eating them, and both made a note to self to double order them next time!
We have yet to try the pasta dishes, but from the looks of things, I doubt they will disappoint.
This place is surprisingly under-reviewed for how delicious it is, and if we could, we would have given it a 7 out of 5.
Montesano's for liFE!!

Montesano's is charming, busy, and low-key.
The wait staff are friendly and the pastries look amazing.
But, dang it, the food didn't meet my expectations.
My husband and I traveled a little out of our way to find Montesano's.
I had bookmarked this restaurant a while ago after reading Yelp reviews.
We ordered the seafood pasta plate, caprese salad and pizza.
At Montesanos, about ten pieces of calamari and conch meat (Scungilli) were set on top of a disproportionately large plate of pasta; the thin white sauce had pooled at the bottom.
I was underwhelmed because a few weeks prior where I enjoyed a wonderful plate of spicy seafood fettucine.
We ordered a thin crust with ham and mushrooms but I'm afraid Settebellos does it better for less.
I understand that they're different styles of pizzas, but still.
We had a nice time.
Just wish I liked the food more.

Initially, Montesano's charms me from the principle of the business, local neighborhood Italian restaurant that is also a deli and family-run, but a closer look reveals a deeper attraction to delicious food, friendly service, and family-style portions.
When you first walk in, there is a glass display filled with all sorts of Italian sweets, from tiramisu to homemade cheesecake and Italian wedding cookies.
At this point, I no longer care that the rest of the interior design is not much more than a few booths and framed Italian advertisements.
It's a neighborhood deli anyways.
When you sit down at the table, they waste no time before bringing over the house garlic knots which are yummy.
There is a small quirk that they serve bread with butter instead of olive oil & balsamic vinegar.
But neighborhood delis, like your Italian cousin who won't hesitate to tell you "that dress makes you look fat", should all have lovable quirks.
I've never had Italian rice balls before and those two words don't particularly sound yummy.
But if you read the description (rice combined with ricotta, parmesan, breaded and deep-fried, served parmigiana-style), then you'll order it and get to enjoy a tasty discovery.
I love the crab meat fra diavolo over angel hair, fresh blue crab in a homemade spicy red sauce and al dente pasta, absolutely YUM!
The pork and eggplant pizza was a favorite as well, considering the superb crust and quality cheeses that it came with.
The only complaint I have is that everything is a little salty, but a little water retention is worth this dining experience.
On your way out, pick up some homemade spumoni - Italian ice cream made of the following flavors: strawberry rum, pistachio, and chocolate hazelnut - need I say more?

I have a friend who is very particular about her Italian food, because she comes from a good Italian family.
So when we went to Montesano's, it wasn't enough to taste the food.
She had to meet the family running the restaurant and quiz them about their background.
Steve Montesano came out and told us they come from Naples, by way of New York.
He says his family is still very much involved in the day-to-day running of the business.
So you'll likely find a Montesano in the kitchen or in the dining room.
And if not, you can catch up on their family tree by checking out the old family photos on the back wall of the restaurant.
Although the service was quite friendly, it was also very slow.
I was with friends so I didn't mind having a lunch stretch over two hours.
But if I had been really hungry, I probably would have been irritated.
So I do want to warn people about that.
I thought the food was delicious, and the portions good for the price.
I had the homemade ravioli, and tried the baked pasta with sausage.
We also had some of the garlic knots and for dessert, a plate of the zeppole.
If I lived closer, I would definitely go back.
I do feel like a return trip would be worth it to check out the pizza.

Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.

Go for the pizza.
I wasn't idiot impressed by the rest of the menu, but I would drive many miles for a slice of their pizza.
Crust is fabulous.

Lemon Cream and Cream Cheese Cookies - I'm Sold!!!!!
Right when you walk in this place you're immediately having a stare down with cookies,fresh bread,cannolis, hell-all kinds of italian desserts...It's a war out there- So I always think- make love not war- So i fell in love- Italian Goodies and Ursula sitting in a tree, K I S S I N G ....You know the rest...
Anyhow, the cheese pizza is good, bottom of the crust is dusted with cornmeal-lovely!!!!
The stuffed garlic knots are killer-Big garlic knots stuffed with cheese & ham and then accompanied by their yummy tomato sauce-delicious!!!
We also tried some italian cupcake looking thing that was baked with custard in the middle...Yum!!!
The Lemon and Cream Cheese cookies consist of  buttery soft cookies  topped with the respective creams- One is not enough, I'm telling you!!!
I will be back to try the pasta dishes and of course buy more cookies....

I have never had a bad meal at this place!
The breads are to die for and the sauces are amazing!
However the best thing on the menu is their Rice Balls!
One of our top places to go!

Really good bread and Bruschetta Pizza and pasta is excellent

This place was a slice of heaven and I did nit even have the pizza.
An extremely extensive menu, not just the normal Olive Garden faire.
I highly recommend this place.
The fried ravioli were great and the brushetta, even with it's under ripe Vegas tomatoes was outstanding.

Quality ingredients make for delicious food, and the food at Montesano's is no exception.
I've eaten the pizza on multiple occasions, and have not been disappointed once.
What I usually do is call ahead of time and order for pick-up.
That way I can enjoy wonderful, delicious, freshly-baked pizza at home.
What makes Montesano's pizza so good is the thin, crispy crust, the fresh tomato sauce and the perfectly-melted mozzarella cheese.
Long gone are the days of ordering from chain pizzerias once you've tried authentic pizza made with love.
Montesano's also sells Italian cookies, which I've also tried.
I am particularly fond of the wedding cookies.
These melt-in-your-mouth treats are perfect for those craving something sweet.
I can't wait to try the tiramisu here on my next visit.
If the pizza and cookies are any indication as to the tiramisu's quality, that's a good sign.

I live right around the corner form this restaurant and drive by this mom & pop's looking restaurant every day...
So I finally Yelp this place and WHOA, I'm glad I did!
First positive indication: It's Friday night and the place is PACKED... Go up to the guy at the register and put your name on the waiting list if there's people standing around that area... We made the mistake of standing around and a party of 4 cut us (RUDE JERKS) and we had to wait an additional 10 minutes [in addition to the 20 we had already waited] to be seated.
While we were waiting we saw a sign that said something about being patient while waiting for your food because everything is made fresh to order.
Another positive indication!!!
..excitement builds!!
So my BF was salty balls that we had waited so long, I didn't care I was EXCITED for the food!!
Another positive indication: the employees [to me] seemed like they were all family?
Might have been my blurred vision because I was SO hungry?
Very friendly, nice, patient with my questions and had great recommendations.
We had to wait a while for the house garlic bread knots- because they were baking them!!
YUMmMMmM piping hot, fresh out of the oven!!!
We started off with the Rice Balls that Yelpers have RAVED about...  One word describes it all: PHENOMENAL!!
It's a little weird to feel rice in your mouth mixed with cheese, but who wouldda thought??
The Marinara sauce tasted so FRESH!
Can't wait to go back and try the pasta!
I got the Margarita Pizza (personal pan size) and the BF got the 14' pepperoni- deeeeeLISH!!
We mentioned Yelp at the beginning of our meal and our server told us we'd get a discount, but it never appeared on the bill.
We payed regular price- we'd come back with or without the discount anyway!
We'd rather support local restaurants than the Corporate big boxes!

I love eating anywhere where the family looks like they eat way too much of their own food!
Great Italian dishes and even better desserts.
Try the cream cheese cookies!
Also, they are currently on Restaurant.com so it is a bargain to go and have a great meal!

I'm updating my review for Montesano's because I switched it up this time around by dining in, and I still found this place to be delicious!
My mom and I decided to try their pasta dishes for dinner, and we were very impressed.
But first, let me just say that the garlic knots are so addicting.
It should be a crime to serve them before the main dishes because once you eat one, it's hard to stop.
The fresh from the oven garlic knots are crispy and buttery on the outside and soft on this inside, with just the right amount of garlic, butter & parmesan cheese (I'm guessing) sprinkled on top.
I couldn't get enough of them, but I knew that if I didn't stop, I wouldn't be able to enjoy what was to come.
My mom ordered the Shrimp Diavolo over linguini pasta- Jumbo shrimp sauteed with garlic onions and hot chillies, and finished with Montesano's homemade marinara hot sauce.
I was eyeing the Broccoli & Sun Dried Tomato pasta dish- Broccoli, sun dried tomatoes, fresh garlic sautéed in olive oil and tossed with ziti & Romano cheese- but I was in the mood for marinara sauce too.
I couldn't decide what to get until our friendly server came to the rescue and said that the chef would prepare a custom pasta dish for me combining the Broccoli & Sun Dried Tomato pasta dish w/ marinara sauce.
I was happy.
Prepare to wait a little for your food as Montesano's food is made-to-order.
But I wouldn't have it any other way.
The wait is worth it because the food is so tasty.
The Shrimp Diavolo is a winner- a little bit spicy w/ a nice helping of shrimp and pasta.
My custom creation was good, but not as good as the Shrimp Diavolo.
The sauce was a little too salty for me and I wanted more broccoli & tomatoes, but I did appreciate how perfectly al dente the ziti was.
I found myself going back to the Shrimp Diavolo, soaking up the amazing sauce with the garlic knots.
My mom raved about her dish as well, saying it was much better than some of the other Italian restaurants in town.
My mom and I were both stuffed even though we both only ate half of our food.
No worries though because we took the leftovers to go.
As we were about to leave, the display of Italian cookies caught our eyes, so I had to buy a box for dessert.
The cookies are so good, especially the wedding cookies and the florentines.
Reasonably priced too; however, some words of advice, buy the cookies to go as they charge way more if you order cookies at the table.
Delicious food and servers that treat you like family = a wonderful dining experience.

This has to be my favorite resturant in Vegas.
It' s not the most prettiest resturant to eat at compared to other restaurants in Vegas, but the food makes up for Everything.
I love Italian food.
Everytime I go I make sure I get the garlic knots...they are so delicious and the homemade ranch dressing is great.
Everytime I go I order the same foods because I am so addicted, but I am sure everything else is great as well :)

I LOVE Montesanos!!
The pizza is great, toppings taste fresh, sauce is perfect, and the cheese is unreal.
The hot subs are very good, especially the steak pizzaiola.
The wait staff here has never disappointed, and always make us feel at home.
When you go, make sure to try the fried meat balls and the breaded cheese ravioli.

I love this place!
The garlic knots are so addicting.
The portions are huge, I was able to take most of it home and still got 2 more meals out of it.
They used to have a location off of Sahara, which was 15 miles from me, but since it closed they only have one location in Henderson.
It is around 30 miles from me, but it is worth the trip!
The cookies are delicious!
Try the ones with the cream chees frosting on top.
Ask for Tonianne, she is the best server around and very helpful.

Montesano's is by far my favorite Italian place.
The house salad comes with fresh mozzarella on it, the meatballs are huge and delicious, the bread for their subs is freshly baked...
I have never had a bad meal there!

Awesome old school food like my Nonni used too make!

Craving pizza and wings, but not wanting to eat out, we opted for take out from this truly great find.
Definitely one of the top 3 pizza places in Vegas in my opinion.
We decided to not play it safe and went with a white clam pizza and a broccoli rabe pizza.
Both were done just right.
Good crust and just the right amount of toppings.
I loved the white clam and the broccoli rabe was admittedly tasty.
The wings were decent.
We ordered hot, but it might as well have been mild.
And they were barely covered in sauce.
However, the flavor was good.
And they totally won my heart by serving up a delicious blue cheese dipping sauce.
The wings came with fries, which were ok, but too soggy (though, this is probably more to do with it being take out).
To finish off our dinner at home without the cooking, we also got a chocolate cannoli.
It was quite good and a solid finish to the meal.
Overall, I was very pleased and happy with this take out experience.
I will most definitely be back for some dine-in.
And if the stranger pizzas (i.e.
white clam) are delicious, I can only imagine what a basic margherita pizza must taste like.

After another take out experience from this fabulous place, I just have to upgrade it to 5 stars.
This time around, we tried the 4 cheese white pizza.
It was fantabulous!
I loved that one of the cheeses was gorgonzola.
Such a great flavor combination.
We also decided to try their fries again - and this time around they were prefect.
There was no way I could visit here again without ordering the amazing blue cheese dipping sauce - so we needed something to dip in it.
What continues to truly impress me about this establishment is the great service.
The staff really care about the food quality.
This place reminds of the random little Italian places I would stumble upon in NYC.
It's homey, thoughtful, and caring.
Combine all of that with its close proximity to my house and we've got a home run.
This is one of the best pizza places I've patronized and definitely one of the best places to dine in my neighborhood.
Love it!

I have to give Monstesano's at least 4 stars!
I've had their stuffed meat pizza twice, and both times it was delicious.
The larger one was better because there was more crust.. yum!
On the second try, they delivered to Khoury's Fine Wine and Spirits (so we could enjoy our beer with the pizza), which was awesome.
Good pizza, and good beer... life doesn't get much better!
The crust on the stuffed pizza is nice and soft, just perfect really.
The cheese is good quality, along with the meat (ham, sausage, pepperoni).
The only thing that might be improved is the marinara, which I think is a simple canned marinara.
I had the garlic knots, and the marinara alone wasn't that good with them.
The size of the stuffed pizza is huge, and a small one is enough for two people easily.
I'd say the small is about an inch and a half thick, and the medium is nearly two inches thick, filled with meat and cheese goodness.
The people who run the place are very friendly.
Dining in is a great idea, as well as take out.
This is now my favorite choice when having a beer at Khoury's.
Perfect combination!

OK.....just had gotten a haircut next door, when I thought to myself, "why not a little hole in the wall Italian place for lunch".
Little did I realize it would be a big mistake.
I was sat by a fairly friendly lady.
She immediately took my drink order.
I had asked her about lunch specials and she sounded those off.
I decided on the simplest and quickest lunch possible.
An order of garlic  bread and 2 slices of pizza.
After about 5 minutes, they brought me out some fried garlic knot creation that I knew wasnt mine, but tried it anyways.
IT WAS HORRIFIC.
All you can taste was fried dough, and not all that tasty fried dough like you would have for dessert.
The server noticed I didnt get the right order and brought my correct order of garlic bread, after about another 7 minutes.
I told her that she could bring the pizza out as well as I wasnt trying to "course" it out.
She said she would bring it as soon as its "ready"?!?!?!
How does it take more than 12 minutes to heat up two slices of pizza???
Finally got the pizza about 5 minutes later and it was seriously burnt and sitting in a bed of grease.
I talked myself into at least trying it and giving it the benefit of the doubt.
Bad choice again.
It was god awful tasting and so greasy I knew it was going to give me troubles if I ate any more.
I asked for a cookie to go and the bill.
She didnt even notice I ate ONE bite of the pizza and mentioned I saved $1.25 by ordering the special.
I just laughed as she walked away.
Please, for the love of god, STAY AWAY FROM THE PIZZA AND GARLIC BREAD!

They say you can't trust a skinny cook.
If so, there are no trust issues here at Monte's.
The menu here is extensive and I've only had the opportunity to try a small chunk of their options.
So far, it's all been pretty good.
The standouts so far: -lasagna explosions - how can you say no to bites of lasagna that are breaded and deep fried??
-chicken parm - always a favorite and done well here -chocolate cannoli - homemade and the shell is dipped in chocolate.
You can take out as easily as dinning in and they have recently extended their space to include a bar area.

Rather good pizza I want to go back now to dine if the rest of the food is just as good.

My friends had a coupon from Restaurant.com and we decided to try it out this past Saturday night.
Readers' Digest: This ish is amazing and worth the wait.
Walk in the front door: Visually, you are bombarded by amazing Italian sweets.
Cannolis (not filled yet so the shells don't get soggy, awesome), cheesecake AND cheesecake cookies, pound cake (with and without chocolate chips), tiramisu, and much more.
Then, take in a whiff.
I bet there is something savory right around the corner.
Oh yeah, this is what I envision Italian.
Service here is phenomenal as it is a family establishment (or at least feels that way), so EVERYONE takes an interest in you - checking on your table, beverages, etc.
I ordered the stuffed spinach pizza and as much as I was trying to avoid cheese this pizza was amazing.
Flipping amazing.
For dessert I ordered the homemade pound cake (rec: get it with chocolate chips!
) and ice cream a la mode (spumoni!).
Was not disappointed.
ONLY downer is how long it can take the food to be served.
It IS homemade but if you are coming here for a quickie (i.e., work lunch)(, you should order pick-up.
At least if you dine-in they have free (!!!
) garlic knots and bread 'n' butter.

My parents suggested Montesano's Eateria awhile ago.
My husband and I tried to eat here on Memorial Day weekend but they were closed .
However, we finally had the absolute pleasure of eating there last night!
The wait staff is very friendly.
I'm about 100% positive our waitress was from the East Coast and gave the restaurant more of a neighborhood feeling.
When you're here you know your food is going to be really tasty, homemade Italian food.
We started off with the stuffed knots.
The knots come with meat or marina sauce.
We tried the meat sauce and really liked it.
The knots come stuffed with cheese, ham and pepperoni.
Pretty tasty!
My favorite part of the meal was when she brought out fresh mini garlic knots and bread.
Their mini garlic knots are addicting!
They are the perfect size to just pop them right in your mouth!
I'm sure I ate 4 before I realized how many I ate...but then I couldn't stop so I stopped counting!
LOL!
My husband and I split the Pesto Cream Sauce over cheese raviolis and added chicken.
They were very nice and split the dish on 2 separate plates for us.
Neither of us could finish our half of the half!
It was so good and we took it for leftovers.
I'm definitely going back...and when I do I have to try some of the deserts in their display counter.
When you walk in the door, you see all of these wonderful pastries and deserts.
It's so pretty!
We were too full to try anything but now we know what to save room for next time!

ok I am a NEW YORKER and I have to say this a a slice of home here in vegas!
love this place!
a co worker sent us there and I cant thank her enough!
the food... the pastries.... the staff ...... ALLL AMAZING!!!!!
that is my new hot spot for a taste of italy!

We stumbled upon this place completely by accident, and I must say that I am glad that we did!
We've been struggling to find a good, family owned Italian restaurant in Vegas and Montesano's was all that and more.
The minute you walk into the doors, you are treated to delectable smells of homemade Italian deliciousness.
Then your eyes immediately head to the dessert case, where you will find everything from homemade cannoli (unfilled to keep the shells crispy) to cheescakes and cookies.
The service is absolutely amazing and I felt like we had been old friends with our waitress who took excellent care of us.
And then there's the food- my God the food!
The garlic knots are so deliciously addicting, I think I ate my weight in those alone!
The sauce is so amazing, it reminds me of my Grandpa's homemade spaghetti sauce when I was a kid.
I had the baked ravioli, and ate way more than I should have, but it was so yummy I couldn't stop.
As a bonus- The waitress gave my daughter a free cookie for eating a good dinner!
:)  We went back to Montesano's a few weeks later, and our waitress (the same one from our first visit) remembered us and gave us the same outstanding service.
If you haven't eaten here yet, you definitely need to!
Your belly will thank you...

All the food was incredible!
So much to choose from on the menu... large family portions too!
Pizza--delish!
Baked rigatoni was also very delicious.
They even have a bakery section for some great desserts...
I loved the cinnamon crescent cookies!
Highly recommend this place.
Everyone was so friendly and I will definitely be returning on my next visit to Vegas.

I love this place-the food, atmosphere and service are hard to beat.
The pizza is always good but my favorite is the Chicken Cutlet Milanese.
Chicken is breaded and fried to perfection.
Comes with your choice of pasta with sauce.
YUMMMMMMM =)  It doesn't hurt that they are only 10 minutes away from my house too... ;-)

Our favorite local pizza place.
Very authentic.
Excellent customer service experience when we dine in and carry out.

Are you hungry?
If I ate here every day I'd either weigh 400 pounds or be dead from cardiac arrest.
The food is fantastic and they serve ridiculously sized portions.
An appetizer is well sized and would be considered a meal at the average joint.
Keep in mind that things do take a while to come out of the kitchen because everything is made fresh.
If you want it fast, go to Fazzolis.
If you want GOOD food, Montesano's is worth the wait.
I usually eat lasagna when I'm in having Italian and this place serves up arguably the best stack of cheese, pasta and meat I've had.
To top it off, the amount of lasagna Montesano's serves up probably weighs about a pound or more.
One of the owners actually said the lasagna used to be 8 layers instead of the current 6.
If I don't eat apps or bread, I can maybe eat 2/3 of it.
Maybe.
My other dish of choice here is the calzone.
Pizza dough, stuffed with meat and 2 pounds of cheese, then deep fried.
What's not to die for?
Or from.
Ooey, gooey and yummy.
For $7 bucks, this will keep you full for days...mostly because you'll likely have enough leftovers to last you that long.
If (thats a BIG if) you either saved space or you actually have room in your tummy for desert, they have something for every sweet tooth.
If you can't stomach any more food, make sure you take something to go.
From wonderful wedding cookies to cannolis to crazy good florentines, the options and combos are endless.
Not matter what you choose, you will not leave here hungry.

I had a restuarant.com coupon, reviews were great so I thought Id check this place out.
Pros Service was Excellent  Smelled great  Food was pretty quick for pizza and nice and hot  Cannolis were amazing!
Best cannolis ever!
I had the chocolate dipped ones, I will definitely be back for more.
Cons One of the pizzas we ordered was the Pizza Puttanesca which was a heart attach waiting to happen.
Soooo salty and greasy- fried artichokes which I asked if they could not fry them, the waitress said she would check and let me know either way but didnt, I received them fried.
Bad choice on my part.
The other pizza we ordered custom and it was great, not my favorite pizza place ( I love Sammys Wood Fired Pizza) but it was good.
I will definitely be back for cannolis, like tomorrow!
Haha.
I might try a spinach stuffed pizza but not any others.

I walked into Mom's house and the smell of homemade tomato sauce made me salivate.
The problem was, it wasn't ready yet.
Ugh, now what do I do?
I wanted Italian food and I wanted it at that precise moment.
The solution?
Montesano's!
Never having been here but always saying "I need to run in there sometime," it was time to do just that.
The wait was long.
The staff was warm and friendly to everyone, young and old, with a kind word, a cookie, and a laugh, if needed.
The place smelled amazing and staring at the pastry case just made us more ravenous.
Did I mention the wait was long?
..... Did I mention yet that it was worth it?
Caesar salad, add anchovies, no croutons - It was good.
Not great, but good.
The dressing was a bit on the thin side, but the greens were fresh, crisp.
I would order it again, absolutely, but I wouldn't come here just for the Caesar.
One salad was big enough for us to share.
Sweet Italian sausage appetizer - 3 huge homemade links and a generous portion of fresh, flavorful, fragrant marinara.
The meat was done very well; great texture, loved the fennel seed, with a perfect balance of herbs and spices.
I would like the casing to be a tad thinner, but maybe that's just me.
This "appetizer" was my entree and I took most of it home.
Chicken Marsala - really, really tasty!
Earthy and deep and warming, with just the right bite of the marsala wine.
The chicken was tender and juicy.
Very well done.
The NY cheesecake was fabulous.
Thick and dense and perfectly balanced.
Not too sweet, a little bit of that cheese bite, and melt-on-your-tongue-but-stick-to-your-ribs kind of texture.
The cannoli.
Holy... Montesano's is the reason Rocco was told to "leave the gun, take the cannoli.
" Seriously, folks, seriously delicious.
Not a whipped cream, or a custard, or other variation of wannabe pastry filling... Montesano's does it true with a real cannoli cream like no one else I have patronized (save for Nana, and that's saying a lot).
Service was fantastic.
Toni Ann and Angelina took great care of us and we wanted for nothing.
Smiles abound, chats, refills, recommendations ("you gotta try this!").
It was like being a part of the family.
FYI: The wine list is half decent, but stay away from the house red.
It was really just sweet grape juice.
Not their fault, I know what I am getting into with most house wines in a carafe.
Just wouldn't want anyone else to get into it.
Order off the list and enjoy something more notable.
Also notable: Apparently their tripe is something of importance.
No less than 3 phone calls asking if it was in the kitchen that night.
A sign on the white board declaring that yes, in fact, they had tripe that night.
And, I noticed, it's not on the menu.
Yet, people are seeking it out.
Next time, so will I so I can see what the fuss and secret handshakes are all about!

I love this place...super close to my house and blows away any over priced Italian place on the strip...and believe me (I'm a snobby strip waiter) this place lives up to everyone else hype too...but enough with that, come here and try it for yourself...if you like fresh made in house tiramisu, cheese, and sausages, with (I hate to say it cause u will probably bring your screaming bratty kids and disturb everyone trying to eat) a solid small family friendly dining room with an atmosphere of your Italian family's home....this is the place for you...if not there is always the olive garden...

We were craving pasta for dinner.
So we found Montesano's on Yelp, and with all the high ratings we decided to give it a shot.
At that time they were also offering I think 10% off your bill if you mentioned Yelp on your first visit, so that was just a bonus.
They have such resonable prices anyway, we didn't even care if we had a discount.
We did see the menu ahead of time, so that also caught our interest.
On our first visit, it was packed and there was a wait which was a good sign on how good the place is.
You can tell that there are regulars that frequent here.
We waited for about 15-20 mins.
They have an extensive menu so there is something for everyone and you can keep going back and order something different each time.
We ordered slices of the White Pizza and Pepperoni Pizza to try out.
Their White Pizza was the best ever!
Now my hubby and I keep comparing any White Pizza to it.
We had Grimaldi's and there's wasn't so bad but not as good.
Montesano's just had better flavor and texture for us.
I can't remember now what dishes we got but I know we were really pleased with our selections.
The service staff were great.
It's a family owned restaurant, and as some others have mentioned that they may all be family working there.
Since our first visit we have come back several times, and a few other times have come back for take out, ordering something different almost each time with the exception of White Pizza which we always ordered.
On our last visit dining in, we came in on a late afternoon during the week and this time we beat the crowd and missed the dinner rush.
Amy was our server and she was very attentive and had my hubby's soda refilled even before he needed it.
So far we've been lucky to like everything we've tried.
It always feels like a good home cooked meal.
You can taste the quality and love in their food.
We eat out a lot, so we've tried a lot in comparison.

I tried Montesanos with a coworker last night for the first time.
We enjoyed a couple Peroni's and a House Pizza...pretty good.
The waitress gave a sample of the cannoli filling upon our inquiring about it.
I will be back to try other dishes and the cannoli...it turned my review from OK to a fan.

Very authentic Italian food.
Quick service.
The pasta dishes are great.
Everything appears to be "home made" including the desserts.

Being from the east coast it is hard to find authentic pizza and pasta places around here.
Montesano's does it!
Their bruschetta is amazing.
It isn't traditional hard, break your teeth, baguette bread.
Instead it is served on their garlic bread, topped with huge chunks of fresh tomato, onion and basil.
I could eat it every single day.
Their portions are HUGE!
The only thing I don't recommend is their shrimp cocktail.
The shrimp looked and tasted like they had just been thawed from the freezer.
Beware: You have to wait quite a while for your food.
They warn you of this in their booths, however even when it is slow the wait can get a little frustrating.
It is SO worth it though!

Been hearing a lot about this place so we decided to try it on this cold night.
We walked in and were immediately greeted warmly.
The took my name and we waited for a coveted table for abut 20-25 minutes.
Looking at the other diners with happy faces assured us that this was going to become one of our favorite places to eat .
A small basket of garlic knots and bread was placed on our table and we looked over the extensive menu.
Average entree price is about $14.
We settled on a 16" cheese pizza( $12.99) for our sons, my wife had their board special of lobster ravioli with vodka sauce ($16.99) and I had the seafood combo with marinara sauce over linguine ($19.99).
I'm not sure about their lunch time pace, but be prepared to wait (it's worth it!
) at dinner.
They do warn you on their menu that everything is made by scratch and soups are made as ordered.
We waited about 30 minutes after placing our orders.
Good sized portions and the food was really tasty.
Their marinara sauce was very good, balanced and not acidic.
Our server was Amy and I believe her assistant was Anita.
Both were very professional and helpful!
We walked away fully sated and knowing that we will return to this restaurant many more times as a regular choice for us.

First I would like to say that giving a "1" Yelp rating is a first for me.
Second, I would like to say that in every past Montesano visit (and there have been many, beginning with the first week they opened this location) this eatery would have earned a four-star or a five-star each and every time because the food is among the best Italian fare I have ever enjoyed in Las Vegas and the place smells amazingly incredible.
(Third, let me throw in that I have done years of Mystery Shopping.
Private investigation and JOURNALISM are my current trades, I'm a two-decades public speaker, instructor, and noted as a global expert in those topics I speak/teach about.
In other words, I'm no slouch.
)  Last night was different and was among the WORST experiences I have ever had in a restaurant ... WORLD OVER.
It was the attitude and actions of the staff, right up to the management.
Let me explain and then YOU be the judge.
I phoned at 7:06 PM to call in a take out order.
The phone was answered on the second ring with a "Montesanos, please hold.
.... " and then the wait music interspersed with the usual "Your business is important to us, please remain holding.
We'll be right back with you" repeating/repeating/repeating message.
At 7:15 PM, having heard the loop 9 times, and with unexpected house company waiting for dinner, I (phone in hand) drove over there.
I walked into a moderately busy restaurant (by general standards) with eight of the 14 tables occupied.
Still holding my cell phone in hand, I approached the counter (first in line) yet waiting another two minutes to become what I assume must be non-invisible.and asked to speak to the owner or manager.
(As a previously LOYAL customer, I wanted him to see what his employees were doing -- or, better-stated, NOT doing.
While I waited, I placed an order for two Lasagna Dinners -- and paid for them -- at 7:22 PM.
STILL ON HOLD on my cell phone.
The owner came out at 7:34 PM.
I SHOWED HIM THE PHONE and told him that I was STILL ON HOLD and listening to THEIR MESSAGE.
(At that moment, his employee picked it up, and, yup, there I was on the other end of the call!
) His response nearly floored me.
"Oh, when we get busy like this, we leave the phones on hold; we have NO TIME for them..."  At that moment, another potential customer entered the door and said "I have been trying to call for 30 minutes to place an order.
"  I interjected as I held up my time-ticking phone, "Oh, that must be MY FAULT because they've had me on hold (looked at screen) TWENTY EIGHT MINUTES NOW.
" The other (previously?
) loyal customer and I had BOTH taken the time to drive down there to let them know that their phones were obviously non functioning!
I consider that a random act of kindness.
I told the owner that saying "Can you please hold?
(click)" is an indication that someone will grab the phone as soon as possible -- so -- if they are too busy to come back to the call they should at least be respectful and let the poor schmuck on the other end of the line KNOW that they (Montesanos) have no intention of EVER answering ... and then just leave the damn thing off the hook.
(Also irresponsible, albeit far more considerate of their customer's own time restrictions.
)    Despite the assurance, when the girl took my order/money at 7:22 PM that she'd get them out "right away," it was 7:57 PM when  the two little white bags were handed to me.
THIRTY FIVE MORE MINUTES OF MY TIME!!!!!
But, wait, it get's better (WORSE!).
Along with the two carry out bags was a small loaf of bread that was included for my "inconvenience.
" Someone there apparently believed that a full HOUR of my TIME was worth labeling with a price tag of $1.39.
A simple but sincere APOLOGY would have done wonders -- stuff happens.
The food was not enjoyable (no sauce) for the first time in an estimated 20 visits to this establishment, the employee attitude was bad, the management attitude was reprehensible and giving such an idiotic "value" to a customer's time added a huge heap of insult to injury.
Believe me, I'd rather have had HONESTY throughout the dealing, even the words, "Lady, we think we're so good that you can park your ass here for an entire hour" in a HALF FULL RESTAURANT.
I had a group of 16 (monthly dinner dine out club) going in there on a midweek day in January.
Now that will NOT happen.
Generally excellent FOOD is not enough when the attitude of management is so entirely cavalier and disrespectful.
Sorry guys!
I'd rather eat "4-star" food in a responsible business establishment than "5-star" food in a business establishment that shows blatant disrespect for their paying customers.

This place is yummy!
It's your typical mom and pop italian resturant.
The wait time is sometimes annoying but for the most part the service is amazing!
There was one time the waiter was snobby but besdies that its a for sure good thing!

Come on Man!!!
Are you kidding me 4 and 5 stars, this is at the very best 2-3 stars.
I know I have a tough rating system, for me a 5 would be like a Nola's, or Brennans in New Orleans, Table 29 in Napa just too level set.
Now I understand a lot of people mistake a lot of food for good food, as Italian goes this was run of the mill.
I also now understand after local friends (maybe no longer my friends) suggested this place for dinner why some of the comments on yelp were made.
I do admit when it comes to Italian food I am a snob, that's why I avoid American Italian restaurants when possible, because I usually am disappointed, but because of the good ratings on Yelp I caved this time.
First the reason it takes a while for food, is that it is a small place, and they use boxed pasta which is 12 minutes cooking time.
You would assume home made Italian would include fresh pasta, and spices.
I ordered the rice balls that according to the menu were one of their special dishes.
All I got was something mushy with gooey tasteless cheese, and tomato sauce?
The rice balls I have had are rice stuffed with cheese, deep fried, and some nice marinara sauce on top with some fresh basil.
My friend suggested the meatballs, another mistake.
Yes there were 3 large mushy, tasteless balls of something with the same tasteless cheese, and unidentifiable sauce.
We also have the anti-pasta plate which was the highlight of the dinner, how can you mess up salad, cheese, veggies and meat.
For the main course they ordered for us the sausage and peppers, and I can't even remember the last dish for the same reasons as listed above, more boxed pasta with tasteless cheese, and uninspired tomato sauce (a little basil, and oregano would be nice).
Now if you are looking for off the strip Italian, lots of food for a reasonable price this is it.
If you are looking for good Italian off the strip I would suggest Panvino, you will pay a little more, but not regret it the next day.
I try and support small local business when I travel, but I cannot recommend Montesano's.

As with reviewer Cookie B, I am also pained to have to rate Montesano's so low.
I think that the food here is very good and worth the extra wait it often takes for the kitchen to prepare it.
However, the front of house service here has continued to be hit and miss - miss to the point where I don't think it is worth it any more to come here.
This experience tonight comes on the heels of one a couple of weeks ago, when I came in to buy baked goods from the case.
The restaurant was busier at this point, but there were several people up front.
I made eye contact with three employees - all of them looked at me and immediately and deliberately looked away.
This was a sign, to me, that they didn't want to deal with their customers.
I left that night and thus they lost my business.
Tonight, after having deliberately planned to come early for dinner to beat any rush, we had another horrible experience.
This time, we waited probably at least 10 minutes for a table in an otherwise slow restaurant.
The problem with this was that one server said "we'll be right with you" and instead of busing dirty tables, went to mop out the bathroom.
The young man at the front said much the same, but continued to stack cookies on a tray.
Customers should always be a first priority, as should busing tables and keeping them clean.
After that, the other issue had to do with who we were actually tipping (paying with credit card) - the server who brought drinks, the one who took our order (the same one who went to mop the bathrooms), or the one who brought out our food.
At the end of the day, as much as I want to support a small business, this just isn't worth it.

This place is great.
We wanted an old school italian restaurant off the strip for lunch and this would be our favorite restaurant no matter what city we were in.
The staff was great and the food delicious.
We ordered so much that we had the rest for dinner.

took a chance on yelp and ordered a pizza for take out from montesano's.
while picking it up, i was impressed with the family atmosphere and the friendly service.
at home, i was even more impressed with the pizza--tasty!
that led to my friends and i visiting montesano's somewhat regularly for lasagna dinners and carafes of wine.
our favorite italian place in town.

I had a spicy sausage hoagie (lunch special).
It was very good.
Everybody in our party liked what they ordered.
Service was friendly and we didn't wait very long for the food to arrive.
I would recommend Montesano's.

The only regret I had after eating at Montesano's is "Why haven't I stopped by and give this place a try earlier???!
"  Oh, and why didn't I called ahead and reserve a table?
Comfortably tucked in a little hole in the wall - Montesano's created an ambiance that definitely does not belong in Vegas (not that there's anything wrong with Vegas' over-the-top extravagance or the lack thereof...)  That ambiance also caused us to wait more than half an hour for a table for two...
But it was so worth it!
We were seated and placed our order in less than five minutes.
We were given a basket of "garlic knots" and homemade bread.
The garlic knots were actually leftover pizza dough tied in a knot, deep fried and then sprinkled with garlic salt.
It was mediocre to say the least, but the effort was well appreciated.
The homemade bread though was quite extraordinary.
It is unlike your usual french bread at most restaurants, and it had this substantial texture that made the job of cleaning a plate of red sauce to be quite fulfilling.
We ordered the riceballs and the broccoli rabe as appetizers.
I thought the riceballs were really good - topped with tons of red sauce and tons of cheese.
It was delicious!
My boyfriend liked it the least, but he still cleaned the very last drop of red sauce on that late!
As for the broccoli rabe with spicy sausages, I will have to say "holy cow!
"  It was pretty close to perfection.
Must try if you like broccoli rabe.
I had the pasta with braciole, and the boyfriend had the veal parmesan.
My braciole was top with a red meat sauce, and it was delicious.
The veal parmesan was also very very good.
To cap it all, we had a black and white cookie to go.
Oh, the boyfriend ordered a shot (?
) of Sambuca after our waiter had given us our check, so she put it on the house.
I thought that was very nice of her.
My boyfriend and I thought the staff were really nice, so we are not very sure why the other reviews had commented as they did.
Maybe it's a give and take thing?
Overall, it was surprising to find such a decent Italian eatery in this neighborhood.
Other Italian restaurants close by are good, but it didn't have the same appeal.
You must visit to understand!
Bon appétit!

Best NY style Italian food in the west!
Restaurant is owned by 2 brothers hailing from Brooklyn.
They make all their own cheeses, meats, and breads....even the desserts are homemade!
My favorite place on earth...so far:)  You MUST order the DEEP-FRIED (or baked) PEPPERONI CALZONE WITH EXTRA MARINARA....then order the ITALIAN cheesecake for dessert!
You only THINK you love ricotta cheese, you will KNOW it after this experience!
For 2 people with drinks entrees and desserts, you'll run about $25.
CHEAP!
A must for anyone who claims to be a Vegas local or native.

The best.
Period.

Great pizza, good desserts.
Even without a delivery option I give this joint 4 stars.
I've never actually eaten inside, but when I am there to pickup food it always looks hectic and crowded.

My bf and I walked into this place cause we heard it was really good.
It was!!
I had the calzone and I choose my own toppings.
The only thing was that I asked for no ricotta cheese and they still put it in there.
But as flavor I thought it was good.
My bf had the chicken Parmesan and he wasn't that pleased.
He didn't like that the sauce was under the chicken so it got soggy really fast.
But he said flavor was good.
Definitely would return another day

Thought I would try this place and was quite impressed!
They have a bakery which provides a wide array of Italian pastries and desserts, as well as a great selection of entrees and apps!
The vibe is very casual home- New York and the staff is super nice!
The bread so good and came with a small loaf of chewy home made bead and garlic/cheese twists.
So good!
I ordered the rice balls for an app.
Four balls covered in cheese with marinara came.
They were moist, tender and the cheese/sauce ratio complimented them well!
Chicken parmigiana was my entree.
I ordered it with fettuccine and ate half of it since it was such a big plate!
The chicken was breaded and cooked perfectly.
The sauce was thin, but was flavorful.
Dessert was the chocolate cannoli which was amazing!
The ricotta filling wasn't too sweet and I loved the texture of the pastry!
Our server even brought out a small plate of cookies which was such a sweet end to a delicious meal!
I will be returning often!

Fantastic service and food!
Jimmy was the best server ever!
We will definitely be back!

YUM!
We heard about this place through some friends.. Couldn't decide where to go tonight... so we thought we would check it out...  Great decision!
When we arrive there was a bit of a wait, we were nicely greeted and about 10 minutes later seated...  Our drink order was taken quickly and we were served baked bread and garlic knots.
The knots were a bit dry, but tasty and a nice compliment to the meal to come.
We ordered a little bit of everything.
The meatballs, which you can order alone... were FANTASTIC!
Large and moist, with lots of flavor surrounded by a flavorful sauce.
Both the spaghetti and angel hair pastas were cooked just right...  Antipasto salad.... delicious marinated mushrooms and artichokes along with other greats bites of "love.
: When we got our bill we were given two butter cookies.... but you can't leave without taking home a little something sweet.
The front counter has all kinds of baked goods wanting a ride back to your house.
We picked up two Florentine cookies (sugar & nut cookies) Great choice!
and the more than a brownie!
Chocolate & peanut butter... you can't go wrong.
Looking forward to going back and trying more...  Best part.. they are family owned and operated!

ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST ITALIAN FOOD IN VEGAS.
I have tried numerous items and have not been disappointed yet.

I eat here once a week.
This place is AMAZING!

I have driven by this unassuming place for years and never stopped in, but a friend said the lasagna was great and the "Godfather" was on TV so I ordered a baked  lasagna to go.
The person who answered the phone was very helpful.
Order was ready in 20 minutes as promised.
I picked up the bag and thought I must have the wrong order it was so heavy.
When I got home I opened up a bag of delight.
Crispy, delicious, garclicy dough twists to start.
And the lasagna...I am speechless.
Perfect amount of flavorful sauce, soft noodles, Italian Sausage that was savory and actually tender.
And no skimping on the cheese.
And the portion size?
This could definitely feed 2.
This is my new favorite Italian food place in Vegas.

Item # 1: come eat here if you still haven't made up your mind on giving this place a try!
You will LOVE it!
Item #2: if you don't know what you want to eat, definitely try the Cavatelli with Broccoli Rabe.
Also you can try the Baked Cannelloni - delicious.
I tried a bit of the seafood plate with the white sauce also, and it was a lot better than I have expected.
Item #3: this place pretty much never disappoint, so what are you waiting for??

OMG - this is a very dangerous place.
Dangerous to my diet, that is.
Food is so good.
I like the family atmosphere.
Its always busy and food is always fresh.
I also buy their bread and the wedding cookies and their soft nougats.
If you are looking for family type atmosphere and wonderful service, go to this place.
It is one of my faves in Las Vegas.

This place is astounding!
The staff is always wonderful and they make you feel like one of the family.
The food takes some time, so be patient.
They make everything to order and everything is worth the wait.
I have yet to have something there that I have not loved.
When we want good homemade italian food, Montesano's is the only place for us!
We've tried a few other places but they just don't compare to the awesomeness that is Montesano's.
It's so amazing that we're going there again tonight!

Montesano's has the best pizza, the best entrees (mussels are excellent!
) and the best service.
We have had birthday parties here, dinner at least three times per month at Montesan'o's; everything has been top notch.
We just love Montesano's!
We have tried others, recently Giada's, and we always come back to Montesano's Eateria.

I like everything about this restaurant except the food =(  I ordered a bolongese spaghetti for lunch, it was salty and not appetizing.
Didn't take the left overs.
Bill was $18 bucks!!
I've heard good things about this place from others, but I won't give it a second shot.
Darn.

I am not sure how to rate this place.
The first time we went we loved it, the second time it was nasty.
How do you go from awesome to nasty?
The first time we had a nice chatty waitress and I ordered eggplant and my party the chicken.
No problems, well cokked pasta and out this world well preparted eggplant.
There aren't many places out here who don't mess up eggplant.
We took home a pizza for hubby, he got sick for two days.
I think it was possibly msg as he is allergic, no one said they used it.
It  wasn't food poisoning.
A few weeks later we were in the area and went back.
He ordered a meatball sub which was simply older bread with breadballs.
Not meatballs, but breadballs, there was so little meat and so much breading they were actually a funny color.
And they made this huge deal out of him saving 1.25... give me a break!
The first time the eggplant was homemade and stacked a certain way, this time it was little fired up medallions ( probably from Trader Joes frozen food section) that stunk and was a huge rip off for the meal price.
For some reason we did not complain, we just secretly whispered " We are never coming back".
The different waitress we had the second time around was ok. Kind of cold and I don't know.. that day we just got the  "Lets see what we can get away with" vibe.
As in money was all not the customers.
If they ran out of eggplant they should have said so and recommended another dish.
How simple is that?!
Substitution without explanation is a major no no...
So for all the people who had bad experiences with the service I believe them 100%.
There did not seem to be much consideration for the customer, if they didn't try pulling anything they would have had some new loyal customers.
This place seems to lack common sense when it comes to service.
I know a chef from a local place who will just be honest and tell people " We are too busy to fill that order now".
And you know I go there all the time and still do I have never been disappointed.
This Montesanos placce will apparently leave people hanging for 30 minutes trying to call in an order.. Unreal.
So I doubt I'll go here again unless I am in the area with someone who really wants to go..
But I'll offer to pay if they'll just go across the parking lot to Panera instead....

We have eaten at Montesano's a few times, but always from their pasta menu and never the pizza.
So with that in mind...the review.
There is no shortage of Italian restaurants anywhere in LV/Henderson and the styles and flavors are endless.
And like most food, everyone has their favorite, and their 5-star pick may be someone elses 2 star.
Such is food, particularly ethnic food.
Heck, we have even been to Italy for a few weeks and considered that to be some of the worst Italian food we had ever had...so go figure.
Anyway, the food that we have had here is pretty damn good.
Maybe not the 'best I have had anywhere', but very good nonetheless.
The last time there, had the Spag and meatballs.
The balls were huge and plenty of pasta, although the sauce was a little light, but they happily brought more.
My wife went for the raviolis with a different sauce than mine, and it was great too.
The restaurant was very casual, which is exactly how I like it.
Don't shove tablecloths-candles-etc in front of me---I am there to eat.
And that is what I did, and we willl be back.

I came for lunch to try this place out.
Huge menu, huge portions, tasty food, nice staff.
Just don't be in a hurry when you come to eat here.
Definitely not fast food.
Take some time to look at all the pictures on the walls and chat with your table-mates.
You can always look/drool over the dessert menu as you wait.
(The piece of cheesecake I took home was good).
I'll be back & bring someone to split lunch or dinner with so I can fit some dessert!

I really, really wanted to like this place after reading all the good reviews.
Man, what a disappointment.
I ordered the Meatball Parmigiano Hero.
It had a star next to it which I guess meant that it was a signature dish.
Not.
It was not good.
The meatballs had a lot of filler in it.
The bread was hard and was smothered with a bland marinara sauce to offset the stale bread.
What a mess.
My daughter orded Pasta with Marinara which cost $10.99.
They really need a lunch menu with lunch portions.
$10.99 for spaghetti, w/ bland sauce is a joke.
Service was a joke to.
Luckily the garlic knots were tasty.
Not tasty enough to bring me back though.

Best eggplant parm according to this bonafide Jersey girl!
The sauce tasted like it took hours to make (maybe it did) while the cheese was nice and stringy.
Very comforting.
Very generous portion with your choice of pasta.
The garlic knots served with homemade bread at the start of my meal were so different from what I've known in a good way.
They almost had a zeppole-like texture, great depth of flavor, and were not greasy at all- no need to constantly wipe my fingers.
I couldn't stop eating them.
Their version of cannolis are about 6 inches and filled-to-order to keep the shells (with or without chocolate) crispy.
The filling has a nice consistency with a pretty good flavor.
This casual venue is just 15 minutes from the Vegas strip and well worth a short detour.

My favorite!
This restaurant is my guilty pleasure!
Their garlic knots are so soft they melt in your mouth.
I always ordered the deep fried calzone with Montesano's House Special ingredients.
Everything in this restaurant is delicious!
For desert I would reccomend trying it all!
Especially their chocolate covered cake!!!!!
Almost forgot to mention; the owners are so awesome you almost feel like you're meeting celebrities.
Plus they have an entire wall at the back of the restaurant dedicated to pictures of the Montesano family.
All around awesome place to eat with the best food and BEST atmosphere!
They make you feel like family.

I don't get the hype about this place?
Olive Garden quality food, but pricier and with slower service.
My shrimp parmesan was soggy and drenched in watery tomato sauce, boyfriend's shrimp alfredo was uninspired and boring (tossing in some broccoli or a vegetable of some sort would not be a terrible idea).
Overall the food was not cheap, but it was mediocre in every way and the service was slow.
We waited close to an hour for something I could whip up in 20 minutes myself and have it taste 10x better.

Very friendly service, great slices ( I like the meatball and also the cheese), and a good bakery for something for desert.
Great prices.
Minus one star just for some of the other stuff on the menu i've tried but didn't like as much.
I found the calzone for example a little too greasy and the pasta not as tasty as the slices.
Garlic bread is a bit too buttery.
Don't let this dissuade you though, this is a great italian restaurant that takes pride in their food :)  I'll be back again and again.

Montesano's is a friendly, authentic trattoria and more.
It is also a deli, pasta shop, and first-rate emporium of memorable baked dessert treats.
A server was slow to take our order, based on some initial confusion over who was assigned our booth.
But, once that hiccup was alleviated, all was well.
She was a fine server, but I would have liked to have been informed of the dinner specials like Lobster Parm I later saw on a board.
A sign inside the restaurant reads "Where love has a taste!
" and diners are reminded by another placard to be patient because all food here is cooked to order.
I found great taste in these environs, and the freshly prepared food well worth the wait.
I was initially surprised to see that dinners are served here with complimentary freshly baked garlic knots and bread.
Then the surprise turned to shock when the bread and basted knots were placed on the table.
There were 24 Garlic Knots--for only 2 diners!
They were small, but so what?
The doughy knots were warm and quite tasty, and the huge number made up for their diminutive size.
A dozen accompanied us home.
I was less impressed by the fresh but earthy Italian bread.
It was sort of dry, and not that tasty.
But this was a minor setback.
For the Stracciatella (Italian Egg Drop) Soup was the best I have ever had: really hot and tasty broth, and chockfull of spinach and egg whites.
An immense "Caesars Salad" with one anchovy as requested, chopped Romaine, Romano Cheese, and fresh croutons was very good but almost overdressed with too much Creamy Caesar Dressing.
A Shrimp Cocktail featured 8 large shrimp that were good but tasted like they had recently been defrosted.
But I harbored no reservations at all concerning my entree of delectable Veal Montesano over Fettuccine, which was simply superb.
This very creative dish featured nicely pounded and tender, hand sliced, and lightly floured milk-fed veal medallions, artichoke hearts, fresh garlic, roasted potatoes, and roasted red peppers, and was finished in a delicate white wine and butter sauce in a brick oven.
The fragile artichoke petals gave the sauce a welcome hint of lemony flavoring.
And the fresh pasta undergirding the veal was cooked perfectly!
The whole edible conglomeration represented a delicious and very nice blend of harmonizing flavors.
But I was by no means done, because a lovely, large "Black & White Cookie" in the display case had caught my eye when I entered the restaurant.
I went back to get a good second look, and then ordered it for dessert.
The unusual cookie, freshly baked on premises, was composed of pound cake topped by vanilla icing on one half, and chocolate icing on the other, and was moist and delectable.
The pure vanilla and chocolate flavors startled my taste buds.
Diane's novel idea of biting down on the black and white border to take in both flavors at once was a definite winner.
And, that lovely cookie was so rich that half of it accompanied me home, and even that amount lasted two more lunches!
Affable owner/chef Steven Montesano, attired mostly in red, flitted in and out of the kitchen, watched the front of the house, and came over to our booth to check on us a few times during the course of our meal.
He was a very cordial and accommodating host, and it is obvious that he takes great pride in his fine cooking and baking.
Deservedly so!
4-1/2 stars overall!

Real Italian food.
The kind Grandma used to make.
Real ricotta.
None of this part skim, make believe stuff.
The owners are awesome!
Great takeout too!

Love this place.
Best garlic knots I've had.
And they are given out for free.
Most authentic italian place I've been in this city- like I stepped into a time machine/vortex to 1979 little Italy.
Prices are perfect $3 dinner salad.
$13 chicken parm.
Sauces are amazing.
Service was perfect

What a great hidden gem.
If you like Roma Deli, Montesano's is 10 times better.
They make everything fresh from their salad dressings, pasta, soups, bread.
As others have mentioned the garlic knots are amazing.
They come with their soups and when you order an entree.
I really enjoy their Stracciarella soup - think Italian egg drop soup with spinach and a nice bold spicy parmeseano kick.
All their pastas are delish.
Be sure to save room for desserts- their cookies and cannoli are to die for.
We got a box of 25-30 cookies for less than 10 bucks.
Steal!
Go check this place out!

Montesano's was excellent!!!
We went here even though it is on the the other side of the valley and we will go back.
We started off with their garlic knots and bread.
Garlic knots are quite addictive.
Next was caesar salad and lasagna explosion appetizer and they were great.
Now for the entrees of meat raviolis and chicken parma.
Dessert was a couple of great cannolis.
The service was really good and the food came out real quick and hot.
Love this from start to finish.

What a great place this is.
It has a home feel to it.
The service is spectacular and the food is just as good.
On top of the food and service, Montesano's is a big supporter of the community and it's schools.
Three years in a row, they have sponsored my schools yearbook.
Great pizzas.
Great bread and garlic knots.
Overall, just a really great place.
Do yourself a favor and become a regular.
Don't forget to try the cannoli.

OMG !
I can't say enough GREAT things about this place.
Our Realtor brought us here when we first bought our home, and we've been regular customers ever since.
The food has spoiled me for eating at other Italian restaurants - other places just don't measure up.
The atmosphere is best described as a warm family experience.
The brothers show a sincere interest in making sure that everyone has been well fed.
In fact, it's almost worth the visit just to come observe their interaction with their 'friends'.
I don't exactly recall their slogan - something about:  'Where the food tastes like love'.
I have to say, that is probably the best description of the whole eating experience.
You can tell that they've got a passion for their food, and a passion for their customers.
I LOVE Montesanos!

The staff and owner are very friendly!
They make you feel like your old friend.
The food was yummy.
They give you these tasty baby garlic knots!
I had the  Carbonara which was good.
Even though I was soo stuffed I had to try a dessert!
I had the brownie overload and oh my gosh it was the best thing I've ever had!
I want to buy them buy the dozen!

I've known the Brothers Montesano for a number of year.
My wife and I used to go to their larger restaurant on the west side when it was still open.
Whenever we go here, we are literally treated like family.
We've been eating Montesano's food for years and we have developed our favorite dishes to the point where we almost always go for the same stuff.
Regardless, they use fresh ingredients in everything they make.
Its worth waiting the extra 5 minutes to have fresh food.
The scary part, dessert is the first thing you see when you walk in the door and the last thing you see when you leave.
Its a slippery slope!
The desserts here are all very large and can more than likely be split between 2 people.
Don't be fooled, even after you've eaten a huge plate of baked ziti, you will STILL want to chow on one of these amazing looking desserts.
Go with your gut on this.
My wife loves chocolate, but I am weird and am not a huge choco fan.
If you just want some light chocolate, or none at all, go for the cannoli.
You can get it plain, or with chocolate chips.
And they put it together right when you order it.
Never order a pre-filled cannoli, thats weak!
I love this place, but I often wish their location was larger.
These guys have a huge fan base and on some nights, it gets crazy just at the front door.
The line here can pretty long.
So hit this place on off nights, as Friday and Saturday night may drive you crazy.
Regardless, try the Sicilian pizza and any pasta baked in the oven.

Great pizza and great traditional Italian pastries!
Good customer service.

I read everyone's reviews and decide to check this place out.
We order garlic knots which my husband loved.
A small cheese pizza that was really good.
Plus there cookies are very good.

Hidden gem!
You feel like family the second you come through that door.
Italian cookies galore!
Everything is made fresh, so dont be in a hurry because its worth the wait...learn to enjoy your food!
Garlic knots are a must.
Their sauces are to die for.
Less is more and this place has it down to a T. I will continue as a regular here.

Wife and I had dinner here on a Tuesday night.
The restaurant is casual and looks like a deli or pizza or sandwich shop from the outside.
But don't let the casual curb appeal fool you, this is a GREAT little Italian restaurant!
Really good food and nice friendly family atmosphere.
The entres are large portions, family style, so you can share and still have plenty to eat.
They have a very wide variety of choices including seafood dishes and traditional Italian favorites and even pizza.
They make everything on-site including the bread and their garlic "knots".
Bottom line:  Great food, friendly service, casual comfortable atmosphere.

Yummy.
Best in Vegas!!!

DELICIOUS.
That is all.
Ok, I'll elaborate.
Hole in the wall-ish, back East, authentic, crispy pizza crust, freshly made sauce (or "gravy" if you want to me to get really East Coast on you), and homemade Italian pastries.
How much better does it get people?
Service, always pretty friendly and on the days when it might be just "eh", well factor in this place is usually pretty slammed.
Besides, have you eaten anywhere comparable in NJ or NYC?
If so, you know that service is pretty cut and dry.
If you're in the market for delicious, better yet authentic Italian eats, Montesano's is the place to be.
I would have uploaded photos of my food but it appears I ate it all before there was even time to take out my camera.. sorry all.

I am posting this from a booth in Montesano's.
We have been here several times recently.
From the first time we walked it in, we were like family.
It definitely has that authentic feel you look for.
Every time we come we try something new on the menu.
The employees couldn't be any more friendly.
The food is just as much of an experience.
Make sure you come hungry and save room for desert.
They have plenty of fresh name pastries and deserts greeting you as you walk in the door.
There's no better Italian food in Las Vegas for my money!!!

Place is amazing!
Great food!
Great Service!!!!
Portions are big enough to split and the garlic knots are awesome!!!
Service is great sometimes a long wait because everything is home made!!!!
Love this place!

Absolutely delicious!
Finally some great authentic Italian food.
Cannoli's are to die for, do not pass them up!

Let me start off by saying WOW!!!
This place is absolutely amazing, if your looking for the mom and pop pizza ria you have the place.
The atmosphere is great the staff are very friendly and the service was excellent.
I drink quite a bit throughout my entire meal and most of the time I would wind up with an empty glass well not here my glass could never make it below half full before one of the waitresses was filling it.
The food was delicious, very affordable and very large servings.
Everything seemed to be made from scratch too!.
We had a large cheese pizza, appetizer sampler, and vodka garlic pasta.
All it amazing.
We could barely eat our meals after the large appetizer so we had to get desert to go.
We got tiramisu and several cookies which were all very wonderful.
All in all the bill was only 50 which I expected to be approximately 75 so it was a nice surprise and we have leftovers for days.
This place is a must if you want that home cooked Italian meal.
Trust me you won't be disappointed when going here.

I hate to disagree with so many of my fellow yelpers, but Montesano's does not live up to the internet hype.
This pizza is NOT the best pizza in town.
Actually,  it's closer to the top 10 WORST slices of pizza I have had in Vegas.
I placed an order for pick-up: one large margherita pizza, one gluten free crust pizza with pineapple and peppers, one order of chicken fingers with fries and when we arrived, we added one of those stuffed garlic knots to our order because it was glaring at me through the glass deli case.
The margherita pizza was bland, chewy and doughy in the worst possible way.
The sauce was either not present or not flavorful enough to notice and there were slices of tomatoes layered on top of the pizza.
These tomato slices made the pizza even worse because they created a soggy texture on the pizza that really threw me off.
The cheese wasn't impressive and definitely didn't taste as fresh as some of the authentic Italian/east coast style pizza I have had around town.
I was not impressed.
I couldn't even finish one slice - that's how much I did not enjoy the pizza.
Bland, flavorless, soggy and forgettable.
The chicken fingers were standard.
Nothing special.
There was not enough hot sauce for my liking, but that is personal preference.
The gluten free crust didn't impress my GF friend, who said it tasted like she was eating a brick.
Bummer!
I give this place two stars because the gentleman who answered the phone and took my order was extremely friendly and made me laugh a bunch while I was ordering.
The other star is for the stuffed garlic knot that we added to our order.
It was pretty good - really soft and chewy (in the right way) with great, flavorful, authentic marinara sauce (they should use THIS on the pizza) and lots of garlic flavor (I love garlic!).
The man who took my order - wonderful.
The girl working the front of the store and taking orders/payments for pick-up orders - NOT so wonderful.
Is it really that difficult to put a smile on your face a greet a customer when they walk in the door rather than standing around and  allowing 5 minutes pass before you even say a word to the customer?
Do yourself a favor.
If you're on this side of town and you are craving consistently good pizza - go to Grimaldi's.
At least you know you're going to get something great and tasty for about the same price - probably even a little less.

Went back for dinner after almost a year of checking it out..
Same great food and service.
This place truly caters to locals.
I think we were the only ones there that they did not know our first names.
A few more visits and we'll be treated like family!
Started off with the Mussels Marinara.
Garlic filled chunky tomato marinara sauce heaped onto steamed mussels... YUM... only drawback its served on top of a round shaped thick bread that was too greasy and chewy... No worries, plenty of delicious bread in the bread basket, but not the garlic knots.
Not sure what is a great garlic knot... everyone that I have had anywhere has been dry on the inside, oily on the outside and crunchy...   For my entree I had the spinach & egg soup....
Incredible!
Loaded with spinach and egg whites in a tasty chicken broth.
Even though I was full...
I wanted more....   My husband ordered a caesar salad to start (big enough for 2 people) and had a the Pasta soup (can't remember the name) He too enjoyed the chunks of vegetables and pasta in a tomato broth.
The service is great.
This is a family owned and operated restaurant (Yay)  I have to laugh though, when they ask if everything is ok... even if it wasn't its very hard to give a negative answer to the question "You love the soup, yes?
"  Next time I'm craving Italian food, we'll be back!

Came here for dinner with my family and it was packed for a Thursday night.
We were acknowledged and told to wait for a table by the large Montesano bro at the front.
He was quite crass and rude, only friendly to patrons that knew him.
I guess it's that East Coast bond but a little word of advice...you're in the West Coast PLUS the majority of the people in this town are in the hospitality industry so ALL patrons (new and old) will be your harshest critics.
I tolerated it just because of the reviews I've heard great things about this place.
Having said that, after about a 20 min wait, we were seated by a kind young man who immediately took our drink order.
Our server was such a delight!
She made us feel right at home, like the aunt who you love to visit because she loves feeding you great food.
She recommended the eggplant parm and it was divine!
My boys had meat raviolli and spaghetti and my hubby had the chicken parm.
All were great dishes with generous portions.
I'd come back even if it means having to tolerate the BIG grump at the front counter again.

I adore this place!
I've had several different pizzas, the calzone, stuffed pizza, and a few entrees... Oh and of course dessert!
I enjoy their pizza and calzone the most.
The garlic knots are great, I remember liking the rice balls.
The owner (I guess he's the owner) is very friendly and personable!
For desserts my daughter and I love the brownie overload, which is creamy peanut butter sandwiched with two brownies and dipped in chocolate!
The macaroons are excellent, but the chocolate covered cheesecake wasn't my favorite.
I will go back for the pizza and desserts!

Good food

I love it here it reminds me of back home in Jersey when I could just hop on a quick subway ride and get the best pizza!
I love that it's a family owned business it makes it extra special.
Definitely the pizza I've eaten in Vegas!
No matter how long the wait I'll always wait with no complaints....

No.... Hello  No...
Thank you  So....Goodbye  Kiss of death for restaurants  BTW ...we are going back to Metro (even tho it's a longer drive) better pizza...better attitudes

I have been here three times so far.
Very good!
and I will return.
Being from NY, we are really picky about Italian food in this house.
I have had their large cheese pie..... three times, very good pizza.
Not the best I had but definitely tasty pizza.
I had the brushetta which was really good and I recommend that as well as the pizza.
We got some cookies/ rainbow cookies to take home.... these were good and I would get them again.
They were not as good as the cookies I used to get in NY but they were still good cookies.
The service at Montesano's is top notch, whether it was Steve, one of the owners or another lady who rang us up, the workers were always super friendly and very nice to me and my kids.
We have only gotten take out orders so far so I do not have anything to say about a dining in experience.

I have to start by saying that I had to try this place based on how yummy their old Craig Rd location was years ago.
I recently moved to this side of town and was soooo excited to see this place!
I walked in with my mom on a Friday night at 5pm and we were ecstatic to see some of the same guys and it truly was the same Montesanos.
The cookie counter in the front was so welcoming!
We were seated within 10 minutes and the menu looked almost identical.
The waitress was friendly and attentive, but very loud and nosey to where it was almost obnoxious.
We got our order of garlic knots and this is where the true disappointment set in.
They were tiny.
We were used to the big fluffy, garlic, warm, messy bread knots from before.
These tiny dried out little balls of bread were almost crispy and had little flavor.
Mom ordered the veal marsala and I ordered the chicken marsala and were asked what kind of pasta we wanted.
We used to get our meal and the pasta was covered in red sauce on the side.
This wasn't the case anymore.
The pasta is now under your meat with no red sauce.
The marsala was tasty though on the really sweet side.
I really wish Montesano's was the same food as before especially since it was a few of the same guys.
I might go back and try their pizza since that used to be so awesome, but then again, I don't want to be sad when it isn't the same.
Sighs.
Sorry guys.

Since my first review I have eaten here twice and sadly didn't like the after affects.
Both visits left me and my party feeling very ill. We all had diarrhea after.
*sorry for the graphic details.. :( Disappointment since I really liked it the first time.
I love their bakery selection, but being sick twice in a row mean something weird is up.
Yes it has have great reviews and awards, but I don't like feeling sick after eating dinner.. :(

Went to a special event here over the weekend.
They served spaghetti and meatball to all who attended along with thier garlic knots.
When the spaghetti came out it was ziti which was kinda confusing but I'd prefer the ziti to spaghetti anyways.
A big meatball was plopped right in the middle of the ziti with red sauce.
I must say that was the best meatball ever!
I do prefer my garlic knots a little more doughy....and I did feel like I needed some sauce to dip them in.
They are so little that some of them seem kinda hard.
Anyways, who can complain being that the meal was free.
The service was excellent.
There were alot of people who attended the event but these chickies were on top of it!
Overall a great experience.
Its on the other side of town so I doubt I'd be back but if it was in my neck of the woods it would definitely be on my radar!

This is as good as it gets for Italian food in the Las Vegas valley people.
I've searched high and low for all around good, authentic Italian dishes and desserts and this is it!
On Friday and Saturday nights this place is jammin', don't get offended if you have to wait a bit, I promise you it's worth the wait.
They don't have a lot of tables and people know this is the real deal so they come a flockin'.
If it's your first time dining at this little Italian joint you may want to try to come during the week or for lunch.
P.S.
they are closed on Sundays.
When you first walk in your mind is instantly filled with naughty thoughts as your eyes scan over the case filled with homemade desserts and treats.
Should you indulge and eat dessert before dinner?
I'll leave that up to you.
My personal favorite item on the menu is their chicken parmesan.
The chicken is always moist, the noodles al dente and I could go on for days about their scratch-made tomato sauce.
Speaking of scratch-made....everything on the menu is homemade except the noodles.
The pizza crust, the pasta sauce, down to every single cannoli.
Even though there are signs posted reminding you of this, please remember that the food may take a little longer to come out because of all the love they put into each and every dish.
It's nbd anyways because they provide you with complementary garlic knots that will make you swoon and will hold you over.
Oh and you have to try their pizza.
It's made with whole milk mozzarella not some crappy, cheap part-skim mozzarella.
The cheese is so smooth, buttery and creamy it's amazing.
You'll instantly fall in love (your thighs will get over this love connection later).
I hope you get the pleasure of having Amy as your server, she's the greatest.
You might also see Steve, the owner, pop his head out of the kitchen so make sure you say hi :) The family feel and approach here is amazing and not found a lot of places anymore.
My family and I will come again and again.
Mangia!

I've tried a lot of Italian restaurants looking for the best, and while I still love to try others, Montesano's is by far my favorite.
I have tried different things each time I've been there and every dish has been wonderful.
I've never been disappointed.
My all time favorite is the Cavatelli with Broccoli Rabe, a must try.
The pasta melts in your mouth and the best way to order it is with a combination of sweet and spicy sausage.
It is truly incredible.
If you have enough of an appetite, with the incredible garlic knots that automatically come to the table, order the Stracciatella soup.
It's so good and if you want to save room for dinner, you can eat just a little and they will put the rest in a container for you to take home.
It's great for lunch the next day!
Of course, you cannot skip dessert.
Everything is great.
We sometimes get a plate of assorted cookies, Tiramisu, or we'll bring home their Spumoni.
The service is always great - very welcoming, friendly and they never rush you even though they are always crowded.
Speaking of, since it is such a popular place, expect a wait.
It's worth it.
We decided order their pizza tonight and eat at home.
Again, incredible.
Best pizza we've had in Vegas.
Oh, and got the Crumb Cake, which was like a strawberry cheesecake type/crumb cake combo of goodness...and assorted cookies too.

The Food was outstanding!
My tip is to go early in the afternoon, there no wait.
any thing past 6:30pm you will be waiting!.........
Nice people great food, what else is there?

The best calzones anywhere.
Not just Vegas but anywhere!

Love, love, love this place!
Macaroni & Gravy.
Canoli.
Pizza.
Sfogliatelle.
Steve rocks!!
It's like home.

I HAD to come back.
I had the eggplant parm and garlic knots again which remain consistently and wowingly delicious.
Then I tried the Scungilli Diavolo over Pasta- sliced conch in a slightly spicy marinara sauce and parsley.
The conch was cooked perfectly and was oh-so-yummy!
Then I had the Tripe- a straightforward name- honeycomb tripe simmered for hours with plum tomatoes.
The tripe was just the right texture, not chewy nor tough, and melted in my mouth.
So good!
For all the dishes I've tried, the tomato sauce tastes different and delicious for each dish, which means they try hard.
Our server, Melissa, was just super with friendliness and accommodations.
This place is a must-see/must-taste!

One of the Best Meatball Sandwiches in Las Vegas.
I would suggest a deconstructed  Version for To-Go Orders, Meatball-Cheese-Sauce cooked together and in seperate container, Bread heated/toasted with it's own container.
Then the customer can put it together.
I only drove 2 traffic lights home and the bottom fell out of the sandwich when I picked it up.
Would be a Contender on one of my 'LasVegasBest' websites, but it fell apart.

Multiple visits to determine consistency with the Meatball Parm Sandwich dropped lower when on this visit, the meatballs were sliced.
Sorry but when expecting a meatball sandwich, slicing the meatballs changes the complete texture of the sandwich, and the bottom fell out, Again!
Let me know when things improve for reconsideration for the new website.

Some of the best Italian food in the Las Vegas Valley pizza is outstanding the seafood Diablo is wonderful has a nice spice to it services great very busy most the time especially at dinner but a wonderful restaurant to go to,prices are reasonable but the food is worth it ,outstanding outstanding outstanding

Ok so I have been a fan of this place since they used to be on Sahara.
Now that they moved across town I still will travel to get my favorite Stuffed Shells and hot Garlic Knots.
O.k so went in on a Saturday afternoon and it wasnt busy so we got right in.
We waited alittle to get our drinks ordered.
and waited for alittle more for them to take our food order.
then another waitress came over and tried to take our food order, but we told her it was already taken.
after about 20 minutes a waitress came by and i asked where the Garlic Knots were?
she said they come with your dinners.
i said hun?
that must be a new thing cause we always got them right after our drinks.
the food was great but the service was disappointing.
all in all we'll be back cause we like the food.
side note: I say bring back the Garlic Knots out before dinner.
that seemed to work the best.

Pretty new to Vegas and wanted some family style Italian food- this hit the spot perfectly and even had left overs to enjoy for lunch the next day :)

Happened upon Montesano's by mistake - what a happy mistake, the way so many great discoveries happen!
Stopped in for lunch.
I had been craving a decent Italian beef sandwich for awhile, so I ordered the Steak Pizzaola sandwich.
This sandwich was perfect in every way: slices and chunks of steak, onions and peppers, slow simmered in a garlicky marinara, on a fresh Italian sub roll.
It was packed so full I had to pick at it open-face style for a good 5-10 minutes before I could pick it up.
I definitely got my fix.
Prices are decent, but do note, sandwiches are a la carte.
If you'd like a side of fries, they can be added and brought out PDQ.
My tea was decent - they don't reuse the tea leaves like many places in the Valley do to save money.
I finished with a small cannoli.
My very friendly and attentive server put it in and forgot it (she was having a bit of a day - allergies were kicking up), so without asking she brought me a large at no upcharge.
The only thing that surprised me about the sandwich selection (the usual Italian subs) was nothing with prosciutto, which I love.
(I miss the prosciutto sandwiches from the old Siena Deli at Trop & Eastern from years ago - those were heaven.
)  Perhaps the management might consider adding this as an option.
In the meantime, the Steak Pizzaola sandwich will be taking care of all your lunch needs!
The dining room is small and narrow, and decorated in vintage Italian Hole in the Wall style - nothing fancy here; all it's missing are the candles in net-wrapped Chianti bottles.
That doesn't sound promising, but it's actually very homey and cozy.
You feel like you're in a mom-and-pop Italian place in NYC or Chicago.
This is a place for darn good comfort food.
I'm looking forward to going back soon!

A non formal Italian-American eatery with east coast roots and tastes.
A busy Friday night we waited about 20 mins for a table.
As your seated your are served garlic knots and bread.
My first time there in 5 years I went all out.
We ordered our favorites: calamari, rice ball parm, chicken parm hero and eggplant with pasta.
Everything was good and in true Italian American style it had plenty of cheese and sauce.
Service was outstanding!
Our waitress was at our table checking on us regularly.
We order cannoli for desert to go and to our surprise a dozen cookies

My mom, significant other, and I wanted to eat at a Italian restaurant that was not clear across town and came across this one on yelp.
We arrived at the restaurant at 7pm and they took our orders by 715.
After they took our orders, they told us the garlic knots would be out shortly.
7:30 came around...no food, no garlic knots.
Then 7:45 came and we were still without food.
Same when 8:00 arrived.
We decided to wait about 15 more minutes before we left the establishment.
That's when the garlic knots and a side of bread came.
It was decent.
A bit on the salty side, but not too bad.
The bread was good, though.
Our entrees then came and I have to say that I enjoyed the entrees of my companions more than I did my own.
My mom ordered a Calamari with Creamy Garlic Sauce.
It was ok, but I'm also not a big fan of creamy sauces.
I think a spritz of lemon would've livened the dish up a bit.
My significant other ordered the Eggplant Parmesean and seemed to enjoy it very much.
I ordered the Flounder Milanese, which is panfried flounder with a side of pasta and meat sauce.
The flounder was pretty good (it was also the first time I've had flounder, so I don't have much to compare it to).
I was a bit disappointed with the pasta and meat sauce.
I felt the meat sauce was a bit too watery for my tastes so it didn't have a good flavor.
While the service was a bit slow and the food was nothing to write home about, the waitresses were very friendly and welcoming.

Wow, another hole in the wall that makes me like home.
Montesano's bakes all of their pastries in house and the flavors on their meats is spot on for any NYC-area Italian joint.
Friendly staff, quaint dining room and quick service are always a plus.
Catering options are a hit too!

Our new favorite Italian spot.
Staff is super friendly and attentive.
Food is  delicious!

I agree, one of thee best AUTHENTIC Italian spots in Vegas or pretty much anywhere!
Pizza is top notch!
We got the Montesano's House Special Pizza-- sooo good!
Ingredients were on point!
Have yet to try everything else.
We also LOVED the homemade cannoli & tiramisu & various italian cookies.
Everything is reasonably priced.
You will not be disappointed!

Only came here for pastries at first... but today I had the pizza.
Seriously some of Best New York style I've had aside from Enzo's in GV and secret pizza at Cosmo.
Totally my new pizza place.
Also.
They have awesome traditional pastries on Easter and Christmas.
Wheat Pie.
Yum!

I just can't say enough about this amazing place.
Not only is the food truly the best in town, the owners and staff are fantastic.
Along with their great food, they are great community supporters.
Montesano's has sponsored school's yearbook for 5 years in a row.
They are great with my students and really make a difference in the community.
If I could give a 6th star, I would.

Okay, Montesano's is a place that serves very good italian food at very reasonable prices.
I love the garlic knots here probably the most, they are not like your average garlic knot, small, not doughy and perfect for dipping/popping.
The pizza is very good and this is why I cant eat here very often.
I try to eat well and stay healthy and I will say by NO means is this a good place for you to eat if you are trying to stay healthy.
The pizza is all that is bad for you, which is why it's so good but noone is going to italian for a diet meal :).
But all in all I love this place and only I enjoy pizza from a few places, this being in the top 2.
You wont see me here often, but you'll see me happy when I am!

I came for the Cannoli's... Every now and then my intense craving for Italian pastries has me searching the valley for a good find.
I will typically go anywhere short of flying back to NY fulfill my pastry, creme filled, powder sugar needs.
I was not in love with their cannoli but it did the job.
I like that they filled the cannoli in front of you.
However, I was not a fan of the filling it was lacking and a bit too runny for my tastes.
I noticed they also had rainbow cookies and I'm excited about trying them, but I noticed they weren't made in house.
I won't knock em' till I try em'.

Welcome to a cozy spot selling American-Italian pizza, pasta and pastries.
The space is tiny, wrapping around a cookie counter, but it is kept warm with the buzz of people and music from the 50s.
The owners always made their rounds to check up on you.
We came an hour before closing on a Saturday and there were still tons of people picking up pizza to go.
I was told they were awesome, must try it another time.
Lil man went crazy over the chocolate desserts on display, so we go for their chocolate dipped 7-layer cake.
It has layers of vanilla cake between chocolate ganache covered in melted chocolate.
The ganache was excellent, they should've stuck to this and chocolate cake and it would have been bomb.
Somehow the dipped chocolate gets cold and hard and the cake loses its lusciousness.
The house burgundy wine was pretty good (but somehow I longed for a wine glass) while the antipasto platter was very satisfying.
After nibbling on salami, prosciutto, cheese, you can pile the rest of the mixed greens, peppers and artichokes on your plate and drizzle with either chunky blue cheese or Italian dressing.
This and the complimentary bread filled us up which was a good thing because our lasagna took 40mins to get ready.
Personally, I don't mind waiting for my food esp when enjoying drinks and starters.
But hubby hates waiting so he asks for the lasagna to go.
The manager (owner's wife?
) apologizes, give us fresh garlic knots to go and complimentary cookies.
The lasagna was good, their tomato sauce is tasty, and they are generous with ricotta and mozzarella... but it didn't have any ground meat.
I am still on a quest for great lasagna.
I have no idea why they are disappearing from most menus!
Sorry back to Montesanos...
Even with the wait, I enjoyed my meal and the warmth of the service.
It's a great joint for sharing pizza and pasta with kids.
For dates and desserts, probably not your best bet.

Ok team, Saw the reviews and recommendations so thought I would bring Suzie for a little lunch.
Man am I glad we did!!!
Started with a bowl of Wedding Soup and some Garlic Knots, which was a meal in its own right, glad we split it.
Amazing!!!
Then we split the Chicken Parm (hey if you can't do that, then don't call yourself Italian right?
) Carissa suggested we have them split it for us for $3 more cause we get a little extra, so we agreed.
A LITTE EXTRA....right...our plates were filled!!!
The boys knocked it outta d park!!!
Perfectly prepared and plenty for the next two days.
Highly recommend this Old School Eatery, from the service, to the food, to the music, perfect get away!!
Gotta get some cannoli on the way out...hey I worked out today..
I deserve it!!

Well the whole family thing here is so wonderful, makes you feel special.
we got the chicken Angelo, baked Manicotti.
And of course pizza.
These are signature foods for an Italian restaurant, I was not just impressed, I was  stunned.
Chicken Angelo was flawless,  I would put money on the fact that there ricotta is home made especially after having the Italian cheesecake.
Which was without a doubt the best cheese cake I have ever eaten.
We got the cannoli kit to take home, our family has new-found respect for our foodie ways!
After living in Las Vegas for 50years and moving away I now have another must visit place for every visit.
One if my girls has been eating their pizza for 15 years..  Touché worth every penny and it want expensive at all!

Hungry and looking for somewhere to eat Monday night, my bf suggested Montesanos because he had heard really good things about it so off we went.
It was 8pm when we arrived and we were seated immediately.
There were a few other diners there but they left shortly after we got there.
I later learned they close at 9pm.
Anyway the menu was extensive and everything sounded so good it was hard to decide what to get.
We finally decided on the fried calzone (you can choose baked or deep fried) garlic fries and a chicken pasta dish with a garlic cream sauce which the waitress said was similar to alfredo.
While we were waiting we got a basket of bread and garlic knots.
The bread was just OK nothing special and the garlic knots were good but a little dry and were cold.
I think since we were the last diners of the night we just got what was left from earlier.
While we waited for our food we checked out the baked goods on the display case in the front.
Everything looked really good I will have to go back to try some of those cannolis!
Not too much longer we got our food and I have to say the deep fried calzone was AMAZING.
I got it with meatballs and sweet sausage (originally asked for bacon but they said they no longer have bacon but it's still on the menu.
Also who doesn't have bacon?
) Either way it was fantastic.
The crust was crispy and the inside was STUFFED with ricotta and mozzarella cheeses and the delicious meats it was just so good.
It came with a piping hot side of their delicious marinara and it just completed the dish.
I took half of it home because it was HUGE.
The downfall was the pasta my bf got it was just OK.
The sauce was very bland and didn't have too much flavor.
It didn't remind me of alfredo as the waitress said, it was more of a watery sauce with garlic that's the best way to describe it.
I was disappointed because it was $17 which is a bit steep for something I could have made better at home.
The garlic fries were good and the ranch that accompanied it was also very good and garlicky.
I am giving 4 stars for the calzone and leaving 1 star off because of the pasta and the service was a bit weak.
Not once did anyone come to check on how our meal was or refill our drinks.
I understand they were getting ready to close but we were the only ones there!
But if I'm in the area I will be back for the delicious calzone!

I came for the White Clam Pizza.
Of course that wasn't all that we ordered.
As you walk in, the dessert case in right in front of you.
You can't help but stare at all the treasures.
We were started out with garlic knots, they were really unique, and tasty I might add.
We then shared the stuffed hot cherry peppers, my friend enjoyed these more than I did.
I wasn't aware they were breaded and fried, I was thinking they were like the stuffed peppers at Cuginos (I love those things).
Then our pie arrived....it was a show stopper.
It was excellent right down to the crust.
Our server was really friendly and managed to continue to check on us even though she was swamped.
She brought us a couple cookies to take home.
I hear the cannolis are good here (I'm probably the only Italian who doesn't like cannolis).
I'd definitely come back when craving a white pizza, or even just cheese!

this food will blow your mind out!!!
THE BEST ITALIAN FOOD ever made by italians in LV.
We come here to indulge ourselves and wish we could swim in their marinara sauce.
I want to bath in the sauce!

Pizza is definitely one of the best in town.
Love the House special pizza.
My only complaint is the salad was a bit wilted.
Still I would highly recommend!

I have been here a dozen times, and I have never been disappointed.
The service is always friendly and even when it's busy there is usually no wait.
The portions are abundant, the prices are totally reasonable, and most importantly, the food is delicious.
I mean really, really delicious.
After trying several other pasta dishes, I discovered the eggplant parmesan and now I order that every time.
I grew up in a small town back east that was full of Italians and it's not easy to compete with those memories, but this place deserves a lot of credit for their food.
The house wine is decent and there are lots of deserts and cookies to end the meal, but I never have the room for that after finishing my dinner.
I take people here all the time and everyone leaves with a smile.

This place is absolutely amazing!!
The food is deliciously yum.
.the employees are super friendly as I'm new in Vegas!
Price is good atmosphere is super cozy very comfortable!
Will tell everyone I know this is the place for pizza pastas and yummy Italian baked goods!

I met several friends for a casual lunch.
Feast would be more like it.
The Yelp friend who organized the lunch had pre-ordered what we were getting.
We had a table reserved in the back of this somewhat small mom and pop Italian restaurant.
First, drinks were brought quickly when we ordered and refills were constant throughout our two hour lunch.
And then the food started coming.
First up was some bread--classic Italian bread and mini garlic knots.
Very tasty.
Maybe a little more garlic is needed for my taste but good nonetheless.
Next up were some starter dishes.
We got two orders of what they call Lasagna Explosions and 2 orders of Rice Balls Montesano.
There were eight of us and the plates were such that there were 8 rice balls so everyone could have a try and 12 lasagna explosions.
The rice balls were breaded and deep fried with sauce and cheese.
The lasagna explosions consisted of rolled lasagna, breaded and deep fried and served with sauce.
The sauce was very good and it wasn't sweet.
They had the good sense to hold back on the sugar.
Then came the second stage, the pizzas.
We were brought three different pizzas, a white pizza, a Sicilian fresca (Margarita), and a regular cheese pizza.
I had a piece of the white pizza and one piece of the Sicilian fresca.
My favorite was the Sicilian fresca.
Very tasty and thick crust the way I like pizza.
And you could have guessed it by now, each pizza was cut into eight slices so we all could have a slice of each.
The next course was for the serious eating.
We got two orders of sausage and meatballs, two orders of seafood in garlic cream over linguini, two orders of eggplant Parmigiano with ziti, and an order of tripe.
The first two dishes had their meat sauce and were quite good.
The seafood consisted of shrimp, mussels, calamari, and conch over fettuccine in the garlic cream sauce.
I could have had a bit more garlic in the cream sauce.
Then came dessert.
We got an order of Zeppole and we were each brought a small plate with a cookie, a cannoli, and their three color cookie.
Desserts were very good.
By now, no one wanted to move we had eaten so much.
Service throughout the meal was excellent.
As I said before, drinks were refilled quickly, plates were cleared, dishes being brought to the table were explained, and the two members of the staff that kept us happy were excellent.
One was Toniann, and I apologize I don't know the name of the other.
The were plenty of smiles and good humor from the ladies and at the end of the meal, they boxed leftovers in separate boxes, marking each so we could bring something home.
My wife had leftover ziti and eggplant and she was quite happy.
I didn't have to cook except to press a few buttons on the microwave.
Really nice lunch with some great company and very good food!

Love this little Italian restaurant!
The food is excellent!
We come here all the time for their cannolis.
The pizza is amazing and the garlic knots are delicious.
I only gave 4 stars because of the wait time.
The food takes longer because its all fresh and its worth the wait.
But I wish the staff updated and checked on us a little more during the wait.
But once you get your food, you'll be happy you waited.

Items Selected:  Warm Bread and Garlic Knots Rice Balls Montesano Lasagna Explosions Homemade Meatballs and Italian Sausage Sicilian Pizza Fresca - Fresh tomatoes, garlic, basil, our homemade fresh mozzarella and Romano cheeses White Pizza - Ricotta, mozzarella, romano, butter, garlic, onions Cheese Pizza Eggplant Parmigiano with Ziti Tripe Seafood Special in Garlic Cream over Fettuccine Zeppole Rainbow Cake, Cannoli, Almond Cookie Butter Cookies Sfogadella  Family owned and operated since the 90's and a purveyor of traditional Italian cuisine for much longer than that Montesano's Eateria had been on my must-visit list even before moving to Las Vegas, but with an extensive menu of classic antipasti, pizzas, pastas, soups, secondi, and sweets the timing never seemed right to sample as much as I'd like - the solution found in the Italian tradition of a family style tasting with seven friends coordinated through the lovely Toniann Montesano herself.
Truly a 'mom n' pop' red sauce sort of place, said in the most complimentary of ways, with a full service bakery up front and walls strewn with signed celebrity photos, maps of Italian neighborhoods in various locales, and kitschy décor it was at a long table in the rear of the restaurant that we were seated and with superlative service, ample beverage refills, and enough food for a party twice our size the nearly two-and-a-half hour meal  could not have better met expectations - each plate perfectly prepared, well presented, and unquestionably delicious.
Beginning first with an opening volley of house-baked bread and supple garlic knots before progressing to fried options including creamy lasagna explosions and toothsome rice balls in bright, aromatic sauce it was at the second 'proper' course that the meal truly took flight, a trio of pizzas ranging from simple cheese and garlicky white on lightly  charred crusts alongside a pillowy 'Margherita' on buttery, thick focaccia-style crust that easily ranked amongst the best 'grandma slices' I've had to date.
At this point sated but certainly not stuffed it was with great spectacle that our final savory course arrived and featuring two platters each of Eggplant Parmigiano,  Housemade sausage and meatballs smothered in marinara, and a bounty of fresh squid/shrimp/sea snails/mussels smothered in creamy white sauce plus a bowl of supple braised tripe the table was literally covered as eyes stared wide - leftovers a guarantee, though all ate heartily with favorites varying from person to person and the tripe a personal favorite, especially atop slices of warm bread from the refreshed basket.
Taking to heart the gluttonous portions provided thus far dessert was ever so slightly scaled back as hot, spongy Zeppole dowsed in powdered sugar and filled-to-order cannoli both shined brightly while Rainbow cake, Butter, and Almond cookies were spot-on authentic  - a characteristic shared by a hot sfogadella that I requested as I paid the bill, ostensibly for 'later' had it not been so perfect...the creamy citrus filling beneath shattering layers not even making it to the car, no matter how full I was.

I have had this place bookmarked for some time, so when given the opportunity to dine here with some fellow Yelpers, I was excited by the prospect.
We arrived around noon and the place wasn't too busy.
We shared a large number of items from the menu.
Here's a list of all everything we tried:  GARLC KNOTS: Really good.
Really small, but warm, flavorful and soft.
RICE BALLS: These were just ok.
I enjoyed them, but they weren't notable.
LASAGNA EXPLOSIONS - I don't usually like lasagna, but this was a nice change of pace from typical lasagna.
Moist and very cheesy.
TRIPE - My favorite part of the meal.
I don't typically enjoy tripe, but this preparation was very enjoyable.
Not chewy at all and didn't have that tripe-y smell that usually turns me off.
MEATBALLS & ITALIAN SAUSAGE - This dish was ok.
The meatballs are huge, however, and I enjoyed the tomato sauce.
SEAFOOD PASTA IN GARLIC CREAM SAUCE - This dish was just ok. the sauce didn't have enough depth of flavor for me and I don't see myself ordering this dish again if I returned.
SICILIAN PIZZA - I'm not usually a fan of deep dish.
This had nice flavor, but it was a little doughy for my taste.
Everyone else seemed to love this pizza, so it's just a matter of preference.
WHITE PIZZA - This was one of the standouts.
The pizza was seasoned and cooked well.
I could have eaten just this dish and been happy.
EGGPLANT PARM - I absolutely love eggplant, but this wasn't my favorite preparation.
Too much breading and the eggplant was sliced a little too thinly for my taste.
I do enjoy how they serve ziti instead of spaghetti with this dish, since I'm not a fan of spaghetti.
ZEPPOLES - These were my favorite of all the desserts served.
I usually don't enjoy Italian desserts since they are a little denser than I prefer, so the zeppoles stood out for being a little more subtle and not overly sweet.
Plus, I can never resist powdered sugar.
RAINBOW CAKE - This was a little on the dry side for me.
A little too chocolatey as well, but that's just a matter of preference.
CANNOLI - I don't usually like cannolis and I can't say this one changed my mind about them.
ASSORTED COOKIES - These were good.
They have a number of varieties and I would be back for more of these for sure.
Service was spectacular.
Our drinks were kept full and everyone was extremely friendly and entertaining, making our meal that much more enjoyable.
We all had a great meal and there were plenty of leftovers for all.
I was able to take some home to my mom who's a pasta fanatic and she loved it.
I'd definitely be back for pizza, tripe and dessert as those were my favorites from our meal.

Their motto is, "Where love has a taste".
Adorable.
How can you not love a place like Montesano's?
The first thing that hit me when I walked through the doors was the amazing smell.
Its a comforting aroma of red sauce that's been simmered for hours and freshly baked bread and/or pastries: it smells like a home filled with love.
I was lucky enough to join a group of Yelpers for an Italian feast and what a feast it was!
Shout-outs to Toni Ann and staff for a great spread and wonderful service.
My favorite dish of the meal was their white pizza.
It had the most amazing ricotta cheese on top.
I wouldn't be surprised if they make their ricotta in-house, it was so creamy and fresh.
There was no skimping on the garlic either.
And it all sat on top a perfectly crispy pizza crust.
Delish!
My other favorites of the night were their mouth-watering meatballs in an amazing red sauce which tasted better than it smelled, if that could be possible.
I also thought their Seafood Special in Garlic Cream over Fettuccine was generously loaded with good seafood, such as huge plump shrimp, calamari, mussels and scungilli (the table had a fun time wondering what the last ingredient was).
I had been here before and I ordered the rice balls from the deli and they were delicious, albeit different from other rice balls I've tried.
They have a tangy, salty cheese, I daresay it's feta, but I'm not sure.
It melts into the rice when you heat it.
For dessert, I enjoyed their cannoli, it was filled with a delicious cream reminiscent of egg nog.
Their butter cookies and rainbow cakes were delish too.
This place is great.
I highly recommend it.
Mangia bene!

Ordered a cheese pizza to go and it was ready in under 15 minutes.
The crust is super think and soft and the red sauce is okay.
I only gave this 3 stars because the pizza was so greasy!
I normally wouldn't mind a little grease but I soaked up two paper towels full just on one slice.
I probably won't try again but if the pizza wasn't so greasy I would give it 4 stars.

This is a charming small restaurant with great quality food.
I had a calzone (deep fried) which was delicious!
I normally don't like ricotta cheese, but this ricotta was so fresh and creamy that I really enjoyed it!
My boyfriend had the baked rigatoni with spicy Italian sausage--this was also delicious!
Prices are right and service was great.

Really enjoyed eating here.
It's a small restaurant and if you come during peak dinner hour, expect a wait.
The service is wonderful.
I liked our waitress , she was attentive and efficient.
We never needed to ask for drink refills.
The garlic knots were ok.
I have had much better at a joint in GV called Enzo's.
I had eggplant parm & it was perfect!
Sliced thin & breaded, not salty.
Served with bolognese sauce & tons of melted Parmesan.
Hubby had blue crab garlic cream sauce over angel hair.
It was delicious also!
I will definitely return.

Once again... SHOP LOCAL.
Montesanos is another great find in a city full of corporate owned businesses.
First for the appetizers...
They start you off with a basket of bread and garlic knots-both are really good.
We got the sampler platter so we got a bit of everything.
The breaded ravioli, cheese sticks, and artichoke hearts are all good.
The menu is full of Italian/NY style food.
All of it sounded good.
For dinner we ended up with the Montesano Special pizza.
As good as everything else we had.
Finally on the way out, we bought a bunch of the tiny cookies in the display case up front.
These were also really good.
We'll be back again for sure.

It is the best pasta I would recommend everybody thank you so much they have the best service They have the best dessert thank you again I will come again I will tell all my family and my friends

Delicious!!
We've been to the restaurant multiple times as a family (love the stuffed spinach pizza) and we always leave happy and full!
The one downfall is that I have to drive by it all the time and their desserts (the brownie filled with peanut butter) are too easy to grab and go.
Yes, this is truly a place where "love has a taste"!!

My friend kept telling me to try this place so I finally did.
What a amazing experience everything was delicious from the pasta to the pizza to the desserts.
I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves italian food.
Our waitress was also amazing and we wanted for nothing!

I ordered a pepperoni pizza, garlic knots and chocolate cannoli.
I didn't like the pizza.
It was really greasy and the bottom of the pizza was soggy.
Also the cheese seemed very heavy.
The garlic knots were good but different.
They seemed fried  rather than baked.
The best part was the cannoli!
OMG they are to die for!
Next time I'll try a pasta dish rather than pizza.

Love the service... very friendly and family oriented.. delicious pizza and Italian cookies.. kids love it..

I'm not an Italian food fan, but I liked it.
We came with a large party and the food was lavish.
Service was great and it was like we were a part of their family.
Service was personalized and I felt like that's the way a small family restaurant should be.
The garlic knots, pizzas and lasagna were excellent.
I would skip the seafood pasta next time.
Just a little too fishy for my taste.
Save room for zeppoles, these are amazing.

I enjoy the bakery.
The cookies are great pizza is some of best on Eastern and The meatballs and homemade sausages are very flavorful.

Excellent food.
We had the eggplant Parmesan, cannelloni and meatloaf Parmesan.
All were delicious and the portions were huge.
I wish we could eat here every week!
Very family friendly and casual.
They have a fresh bakery with assorted goods.
The staff was very friendly and attentive.

This place is amazing for good home cooked Italian food.
My favorite linguine & clam sauce!!
I can die after eating that.
So many clams & the white wine sauce & garlic galore!
The children's dishes are a good size helping of food, about half the size of a full portion.
The garlic knots are awesome, but ask for fresh ones bc they tend to get a little tough.
The great pastries are a plus to take home too.

Small Italian food joint.
Amazing lasagna and garlic knots.
The salad was even out of this world.

BEST ITALIAN FOOD EVER!!!!
Just moved to Las Vegas and I've seen lots of Italian eateries but nothing I've tried even comes close to Montesano's.
Friendly staff.
Can not wait for another chance to go back.
Yumm

Mother of God.
That's all I could think when I walked in and saw the dessert case.
A cannoli kit?
Yes, please.
We ordered the caprese (they make their own cheese here, folks!
) meatloaf ravioli, the chicken parmigiana, and baked pasta.
All was delicious!
We took some home, along with tiramisu, cannoli, and Italian cheesecake.
Delish!
We love to patronize local businesses and we will be back!

I'm all for fancy Italian restaurants but these "mom and pop hole in the wall" restaurants are usually THEE BEST!!!
When we first sat down, they gave us complimentary garlic knots.
Is it complimentary?
Hmmm...not sure since one of the guys in my party comes here pretty often.
Maybe we got hooked up?
Well either way....this was delicious!!!!!
It was small but flavorful.
If I didn't control myself, I would have gotten full just off of garlic knots.
The menu was extensive!!
For us indecisive folks, be prepared for the difficulty of selecting just ONE entree.
Or if you got the appetite, go for two if you like!
Every person from my party of 3 enjoyed their entrees.
Our waitress was the owner's sister and she was soooo friendly and welcoming.
Felt like I was eating at an Italian family's own dining table.
Portions were big, prices were good.
My Parmesan Chicken with pasta was $13.99 and my special someone's Veal with pasta was about $19.99.
The other couple we were with both got pasta entrees and they were savoring their dishes like no tomorrow.
If you're ever on this side of town, I definitely recommend this restaurant.
This is probably, if not, THEE best family owned casual Italian restaurant in Las Vegas.

Good service!
Booth seating.
Large menu.
Caprese salad was decent.
The mozzarella was more firm than I prefer.
Ravioli with Alfredo sauce - I didn't care for the consistency of the sauce, there was also too much of it.
The pasta itself was good and generously stuffed with cheese.
Garlic knots were good.
The pizza was the best thing out of what we ordered.
I like the thick creamy ranch they have too.
I don't think I would crave anything that we tried.

Fantastico!
Perfetto!
Magnifico!
Montesano's brings Italian dining to another level.
It's a family owned Italian restaurant that surely makes you feel like part of theirs.
We had the pleasure of dining here for dinner.
Our waitress was just an absolute delight.
I think she was actually one of the family owners.
She had the 'mother's' care when waiting on her guests making sure my husband had enough water to balance out the beer.
Or giving a boy an extra cookie because he finished his entire meal.
It made us chuckle!
Makes you think of your own mom right?
We started off with the Lasagna Explosions.
What are these you ask?
Lasagna noodles wrapped around mozzarella cheese deep fried with sauce to dip them in.
We had no problem finishing these off in a hurry!
Delizioso!
We also ordered the Pizza Diavolo~ spicy sauce with red and green peppers, fresh garlic and onion.
It had the perfect amount of spice for us with great flavor!
I would definitely order this again.
Not to mention the bread basket brought out prior to us ordering.
It was filled with tiny garlic knots and fresh baked bread.
I was probably full after munching on the knots...  they were so good that I didn't want to stop!
In our experience, you were made to feel welcomed like family.
Thank you Montesano's!
Yelp Challenge 2014 (151/365)

We have been here many times.
The couple we went with go often enough to consider them regulars.
It is a family owned and operated restaurant so you get to recognize those folks serving you.
this time we just ordered 2 16 inch pizzas for the 4 of us.
One had mushroom and pepper toppings.
The other had pepperoni and anchovies.
The pizza was only $13 but each topping added $2.
Still a bargain considering the quality and quantity of the food.
Taken with the complimentary garlic knots, it was way too much food and we ended up bringing home about a third of each pie.
The worst part was that none of us had any room for dessert (the case with the pastry when you walk in looked amazing).
Overall, very friendly place with large volume of food that is well prepared and well served.
A strong recommendation for Montesano's as an excellent local family owned and run Italian restaurant.

**Montesano's remains one of my favorite Italian eateries in Las Vegas.
But judging from my last visit, the quality can  fluctuate.
Given their vast menu, the dining experience can largely depend on the cook and what was ordered.
**  Last Tuesday was my third time back to Montesano's.
I really love this place, it is so kitschy, friendly and small.
I love the smell of this place.
It reminds me of every cheesy Italian movie I've ever seen.
I still say they have the best white pizza in town.
Their crust is crispy perfection.
They are generous with their delicious ricotta and the sweet sausage was flavorful, a great addition to the pie.
They also sell it by the slice.
I think I'll come by more often and order slices to go.
That being said, I ordered my other favorite dish, the Seafood Special in Garlic Cream sauce (it's not on the menu, you have to ask for it).
Wow... it was not what I remembered.
They still load down the huge plate with tasty, good-quality seafood.
But there was a ton of sauce over it and not enough pasta, it was almost like eating cream of seafood.
Sound gross... yeah, well.. the good quality seafood saved it from being a total disaster.
The good thing was I took most of it home, added some more fettuccine, and I was able to get four meals out of it!
That's how much sauce there was in the dish.
And it wasn't a very good sauce, it was like the base to a flavorless clam chowder.
The bf ordered the lasagna and he liked it.
I thought it was good.
I do love the cheese they use and their tomato sauce is delicious, but a tad too salty.
In conclusion, I love their seafood and their pasta, but next time I'm going to try a different sauce, maybe their diavolo, which sounds divine.
Their Garlic cream was excellent last time but after this visit, I don't know if I want to order it again.
Their pizzas are fantastic, as are their bread and garlic knots.
Wish I had room for dessert as they have an awesome selection of cookies and pastries out front.

Plain and simply put.
If you are italian or like italian food from back east.
WELCOME back home!!!!!!!
Soups are made to order, eggplant parmigiana was cut fresh to order.
Pasta al dente.
Toni Ann ( our waitress ) makes you feel like one of the family.
Bus people are fantastic too.

Friendly service and fantastic food.
I also highly recommend their desserts!
You will not go home hungry.

very tasty food and friendly staff.
good price point and large portions .
I'll be going back .

The menu is slightly overwhelming.
But it doesn't matter, the staff members are amazing and the food is to die for.
Will definitely go back.

My mom and I just happened across  Montesanos's by doing a Siri request for Italian food.
What a great discovery!
Just a little hole in the wall place in a strip mall on Eastern.
As a business owner myself, I know how difficult it can be to get staff to do what you need them to do on a consistent basis.
These guys knocked it out of the park.
Genuine smiles, eye contact and service.
Managers greeting arriving repeat guests by name.
As I'm originally from the east coast I got a warm fuzzy hearing the New York accent of the manager.
The food was wonderful !
Huge portions that thanks to my doggy bag will feed me for a couple more days.
I had the baked pasta with meat balls.
Highly, highly recommend.
:-)

On my continuing quest for great Italian food we tried Montesano's for dinner.
We were quickly seated and had our drink order taken right away.
The "famous" garlic knots and bread also arrived.
I'm not sure why everyone likes these.
They are very small and quite salty.
Order them from Bistro pizza and you'll see what garlic knots really should be.
We ordered a Cesar salad, the baked ziti and baked cannelloni.
The Cesar was big, plenty for two to share.
I thought it was quite good will lots of Parmesan cheese.
The baked pastas were also a pretty good size, but I thought they were just ok, nothing special.
I saw a couple reviews mentioning the NY cheesecake so ordered a slice.
It was terrible.
It must have been a day or two old as it completely crumbled when you put a fork through it.
Not creamy at all.
The service was pretty good and I did the enjoy the atmosphere.
The one issue we had was the petite blond with an accent.
I asked her a question about the menu and she said "I have no idea" and walked away.
Quite rude and obviously no idea how to provide good service.
I will continue my mission to find great Italian food in Henderson but probably won't be returning here.

Don't be deceived by the outside, when we first walked up I was a bit skeptical but the food was great and the service was even better, (tony Ann was friendly and helpful and you could tell she loved her job) there were 4 of us and we each got different things each better than the next.
If there is a down side is that their menu is huge and there were so many things that we wanted to try.
On a side note their bathroom was immaculate!!!!
We will be returning shortly

I have known the family since 1994, and the food , atmosphere and family is all the same then this place is the BEST...The food is imported from back east on pallets and its fresh.
I remember meeting the owner and he eventually catered my daughters birthday party.
The food was out of this world.
the atmosphere is out of this world.
From Toniann to Steve and the entire family we salute you all.
The hours and the personal attention, and the food is as consistant as it was.
I know for a fact that his products are shipped in from back east and they also have a water softner that Most other places don't.
Any person who leaves a negative review needs to go back to where they came from.
Its true YOU Cant satisfy everyone BUT if your NOT HAPPY IF YOUR SERVER, FOOD , OR WHAT EVER BE A MAN , WOMAN OR WHAT EVER, DONT be a wus and leave a negative comment.
ONLY FOOLS AND COWARDS DO THAT..Thanx for the excellent food, service and atmosphere.
Gary and Lucy:) from California  formerly from Las Vegas....we will be back and back again.

First time in.
We tried to call, but the phone answered automatically with a fax machine squeal.
Showed up on a Saturday before noon; don't know who was slinging, though the owners were present and accounted for.
Ordered a cheese pizza to test 'em out.
We're not much for Coke and booze, so we ordered water while we waited.
Either it's raw tap or their filter is spent; it was awful enough that neither of us could take more than one sip.
Do they make the dough with this bilge?
It could explain a thing...  As for the pizza, they nail the cheese, the sauce is delish, and the oil was just right.
It would've been one of the finest pies I've had, were it not for the crust.
Structurally, it was a correct Bronx crust which held firm upon lifting.
Constitutionally, its flavor was bland to the point of disappointment.
Even accounting for that, I wouldn't mind returning.
It's better than "A-OK".
But nowhere near five stars.
Nowhere near.

I have been here a few times over the years and have never been disappointed.
I always ordered the garlic knots because they are just the most deliriously best thing.
If I was on an all carb diet, I would come here every week.
The service is homey and friendly, and I want the soundtrack of this place.
I love every song that comes on, and every piece of food that goes into my mouth.
If anyone wants to go get Italian, this is always the first place to go.
Unless it is Sundays, because they break my heart every Sunday I want to go because they are closed.

You have to try this place, from the moment you walk in you will know why.
I ate rather light, had a small pizza with sweet and hot sausage, for desert an eclair both were excellent!
The meals coming out of the kitchen looked and very tasty.
The pastry display, well it's a must try everything sooner or later.
Overall experience awesome!

