I had to take my dog here instead of our usual vet because it's closer.
They prefer for patients to call ahead and set up appointments, but will take walk-ins.
I didn't have an appointment but only had to wait about 10 minutes before being seen.
They were thorough with the exam and very caring.
Dr. Oliver was great at explaining the problem and solution.
Everyone else who works there seemed friendly.
The place looks pretty modern and clean.
I liked the place so much that I'm transferring all of our dogs' medical records here so that they can be their main care provider in the future.

They are incredibly nice here at Haven!
We have two dogs, and they both go to Haven.
Our oldest dog contracted scabies from his old kennel that we adopted him at and we had no idea why he kept scratching himself.
We went to different doctors and no one knew.
We even used all kinds of remedies and nothing work.
Other vet hospitals did try to figure it out, but it was one of the vets at Haven who said that even though they couldnt see signs of scabies on the micro scan... that they were going to give him and our other dog treatment for scabies, since it wasnt going to hurt him and at least we would know whether or not it was scabies.
One month later, our dogs were perfect!
We were so happy that the vet took the initiative and just decided to start treatment for him.
I swear our dog was suffering for so long... and he only had his fur on his spine to prove his discomfort.
Thank you Haven Animal Hospital!!

So ok yes...im one of those crazy dog loving people ......say what you want this dog is like my child.
When we got him i just searched for the closest place so he could just have his shots and a check up ....but everyone at haven was soooo nice and so professional i decided to keep them as his primary care vet.
My little pooch hurt his leg and had to be dropped off there today which i was not thrilled about ...but when i got there he was in a large sized crate with a blanky (awww) and everyone told me how great a dog he was and the girl at the desk said she played with him as soon as she got to work....i was happy to hear that....the place is very clean ( i had to go in the back area to look at fox's x-rays and it was clean back there as well and seemed like a nice place for the dogs and cats who had to be kept there.
Dr amy my usual doctor was out and i had to see dr myer she was very friendly and patient with me (i asked alot of questions and prob dumb ones lol).
I have been satisfied with there care since day one with my baby and even though we are moving across town i will continue to go there because they dont try to get you to do unnecessary things like some vets.
At Haven i feel like they truly just want what s best for my dog and they care about his well being rather than just about money.
Thats really important to me in the vet and my own doctor as well.
They even clipped his nails for free while he was there its little touches like that and the friendly staff and knowledgeable doctors that will keep me driving all the way across town for them.
Also on the way out fox had to potty really bad and couldn't hold it so he just peed all over the floor they had just cleaned .... awesome :) they assured me it happens all the time and already had towels behind the desk for such occasions lloll jus thought id add that in cause it was funny :p

Dr. Mauro is the best...wouldn't trust my baby with anyone else!

We love Dr. Mauro!
I've been going to this office for over 2 years now and they are never less than awesome!
It can get busy, but its only because Dr Mauro is the best here in Vegas.
I highly recommend this office and Dr. Mauro in particular, for all of your pets.

We were looking for a new vet to take care of our 3 dogs as our regular vet moved.
I took my well mannered and very well trained rott in with me.
I was told that they would not even consider taking him because of his breed.
Needless to say I was a little caught off guard, this is a veterinary office right?
I don't mind if they want to specialize in small animals.
But the "woman" at the front desk made it very clear that all Rottweilers are aggressive and will bite the vet!
These are the people that are supposed to be educated about animals!
With this kind of ignorance in the office I wouldn't trust these morons with my pets anyway!
I wouldn't recommend this office to anyone with a large dog.
They obviously have their preferences so don't risk your best friends health with people that don't care!

I brought my sweet 6 month old boy in to Haven Animal Hospital for the first time when he was vomiting and had diarrhea.
He is our first dog ever and this was the first time he was ill. After testing and trying every option possible, our Boxer/Pit Bull mix (not sure about the Rottweiler commenter, because my dog is obviously part pit bull and Dr Mauro herself has pit bulls, a much more frowned upon breed) had foreign objects stuck in his intestines.
He needed surgery.
The amazing staff and Dr Mauro went above and beyond to take care of Harvey.
A vet tech even took him home with her overnight to care for him on IV and after surgery, Dr Mauro spent the night with him to help us avoid extra overnight ER vet costs.
They have an extreme love for animals and saved my baby!
I will FOREVER return to Haven Animal Hospital with my dog!

I love Haven Animal Hospital.
The doctors and staff are very knowledgable and attentive.
They treat my dog as if he's the only patient they have and I appreciate that.
Dr. Mauro follows up to make sure treatment/advice has helped and truly seems to care about my doggy's health.
I won't go anywhere else!

Rude, over priced, staff takes their time returning calls, and does several tests not needed to increase your bill.
Pet lovers beware.

We cannot say enough about Haven Animal Hospital, Dr. Mauro and her staff (especially Jess, Heather and Patrick).
We have been seeing Dr. Mauro for almost 3 years now for 3 dogs.
The facility is clean and welcoming, the staff are pleasant, kind and knowledgeable and Dr. Mauro is the most caring vet I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.
She treats all of our dogs as if they are her own, provides thorough care and makes sure that even the smallest problem is investigated and handled appropriately.
Unfortunately we have had a few emergency situations in the past few years and have shown up at Haven's door a few minutes before closing on more than one occasion.
Dr. Mauro has never turned us away and even handled a problem with one of our dogs that required her to stay over an hour past her closing time.
The staff never showed signs of frustration or irritation at having to stay late, and in fact they all tried their best to make us laugh and smile through a scary time!
One of the things I like the most about Dr. Mauro is that she personally calls us with results of tests and she will also call to check up on the dogs even after the most routine procedures like vaccines.
I would highly recommend Haven Animal Hospital to anyone looking for a vet in the Las Vegas area.
And we thank everyone at Haven for providing the very best care possible to all of our babies!

My puppy Bella loves coming to this place!
The staff is wonderful, super friendly and Bella loves the treats.
They are wonderful with animals.
I would recommend this place to anyone of my friends.

Dr. Lisa and staff are the best!
I drive clear across town to see her  because this is the only place that I trust with my animals health.
Dr. Lisa has always been honest and straightforward.
Thank you for helping to keep my babies healthy!

There are not enough words to describe how wonderful Dr. Mauro and her staff at Haven Animal Hospital are.
We, also, drive across town to see her as there is no one more caring or knowledgable.
We have been going to Dr. Lisa for over 12 years and NEVER have we seen anyone more willing to go that extra  mile.
We had brought a dog from Aruba and she even called the vets in Aruba and Costa Rica where we also lived to try and identify an unusual illness.
She was successful and, due to her excellent care, our dog lived many more happy years.
Last year, when the local specialist had given up on our new little puppy, she refused to give up and was able to direct us to a speciality hospital in San Diego who were able to rectify the problem.
If you love your animals, you will not find anyone better!!

I have a sixteen year old dog that was having problems walking and our family started to worry about if it was his time.
I was reffered here by my uncle who said this hospital was an amazing hospital and he was right.
The staff was so kind and understanding.
The doctor was so knowledgable with my dog and was able to give us the incite we needed.
The technician helped us clip his nails and gave great advice.
Another great perk is that it wasn't expensive at all!
I am definitely bringing my dog here from now on.

I have been with Dr Lisa Mauro for 16 years now I would never take my dog any where there best she is the best vet I ever know she will call you to let you know the update of your dog after any test or just to see how the was feeling after any shot I had an emergency one day when her office was close on sunday I call the first thing monday morning to let her know what had happen I talk to one of the office person  to let her know she told me she  would let Dr Mauro know as soon has Dr Mauro got the massage she call me to find out what had happen to my dog and then she said she would call the animal hospital for me to get update and to see what test  they have run on my dog as well she made feel relax after she explain what they did to her.

I have been going to them four about 4 1/2 years now they have always been so nice and caring to my little Becca.
thanks for being there !!
:-)

Love them!!!
They are always so helpful and great with all three of my fur babies!!!
Never a long wait and easy to get in quickly or on short notice.
Thank you for all the special attention you give our family!

I took my baby boy here last week because his ear looked very infected.
The doctor was in surgery when I got there, so I wasn't sure if they could even see Preston.
However, the vet techs ensured me that they could bring my dog back to her and she would look at his ear, do tests, and figure out what was wrong.
Preston and I only had to wait for a few minutes before we were brought into a room.
He is very shy and afraid of most people so it is always heartbreaking to bring him to the vet.
However, all of the staff were warm and kind when dealing with him.
They brought Preston in the back for about 20  minutes, performed the tests, and when they brought him back, the doctor came into the room also.
Dr. Mauro explained everything to me about Preston's ear infection.
She also physically showed me how to put both of the medications on the infection, which was very much so appreciated because I would not have had a clue how to do this and would have been so nervous about hurting him.
I left Haven feeling very well taken care of and my mind was at ease  because Preston already looked like he was feeling a bit better.
I didn't feel like the price was too bad  either ($180 for everything including a steroid shot and two medications) considering how badly his ear looked.
The office even called me the next day to check up on Preston.
I am going to bring him back in a couple of days for a check-up on the infection, and I am looking forward to letting them know how much I appreciated their services.
Haven is also incredibly clean and each staff member was pleasant and happy to help me with questions.

Great staff here!
The animals seem comfortable with the employees, and you can tell that they love and care for the animals as well.
I wish I could find a doctor for humans that was this good.

I have a bad dog.
Some people have lovely and happy golden retrievers who get along with everyone.
Not my dog, I have an Old Cranky English Bulldog who growls at everyone, who tries to bite strangers, and who gets nasty cage rage whenever he's boarded.
He's reasonably fond of us but that's about it.
Hence he is a monster at the vet.
Luckily the good people at Haven Animal Hospital have still taken good care of my ravenous beast.
Everyone from the office staff to the Veterinary Techs are always friendly and helpful, take all the disastrous behavior from Chief in stride, and are very professional.
Dr. Mauro does a very thorough job and is great about explaining the situation to you and showing as much as is reasonably possible.
I have never felt over-charged.
She has called me back from the clinic hours after they have closed.
I have seen the level of care and dedication they put into their animals first hand, and allow me to assure you that these people work hard to give your pet great care.
Bonus points for great lobby coffee, tasteful seasonal decorations, and dilligent work with my pet insurance provider.

I came here because of Clayton K.'s review, who says he has a 'bad dog.
' I too have a bad dog, and 'bad' doesn't even begin to scratch the surface.
My dog is extremely anxious and fear-aggressive around strangers, so it is a huge ordeal to take him anywhere in public.
The vet is a particularly tough situation.
Whenever I have to go,  all I hope for is that he can get a basic exam and required shots without getting us banned from the office.
That being said, I am responsible and I realize what my dog is capable of, so I muzzle him and take appropriate measures to deal with him.
Although we had an issue in the waiting room with one patron who tried to touch my dog, and another patron who yelled at me to 'discipline my dog,' I'd have to say my experience here was positive.
The office was clean and nice, the staff was understanding (if not a bit wary, natrually) and the Dr. seemed very caring and patient.
She came in to speak with me and took ample time to discuss both his general health and fear/aggression issues, and said she would recommend a veterinary behaviorist to help with my situation.
She said that she appreciated that I was responsible enough to realize that he has problems and to muzzle him, and that I was welcome to come back, which I *really* appreciated.
Additionally, the price was very reasonable.
It's very nice to know I have a place to take my dog to get the care he needs without being made to feel like a bad pet owner.
I will definitely return.

I started taking my dogs to Haven Animal Hospital when they were puppies.
The staff there is great.
They are always friendly and good with my dogs.
The ladies at the front desk are always helpful and kind.
The techs are knowledgeable and friendly.
I really like Dr. Mauro.
She is kind and caring.
I have never had dogs before, so I always have questions.
She takes the time to answer my questions.
She spends time with me and my dogs.
I never feel like she is rushing to move on to the next patient.
She treats my dogs like they are her own.
I feel that Dr. Mauro and her staff are dedicated to giving your pets the best care possible.
They really do a wonderful job.

Dr.Mauro is great!
And the staff is super kind and patient.
Really thankful we found them!

Ive been going to haven animal hospital with my two dogs since I've had them....
Which is 5 years.
I LOVED Dr Amy Oliver... She was my dogs vet, but unfortunately she left haven animal hospital.
I had no choice but to go with whomever the doctor was, which I believe was Dr Mauro.
I've only met her once.
Other times I been scheduled with RANDOM people.... Just because of that, I started getting a bad feel, but I let it go since it was only yearly vaccinations i was getting.
My dog had a really bad stomach ache, and i called them right away.
They said they couldn't take him in for 4days!!!!
I didn't want to risk my dogs health, so i scheduled an appt elsewhere and they were able to help my dog.
Ironically, a few days later, my dog started to limp in pain, to the point of him shivering in pain.
He was diagnosed with a luxating patella.
It never bothered him until last week he started to cry in pain.
I called haven right away again, and they were not able to get him in so I called town center animal hospital and again they took him in.
They recommended surgery, but because I was so new there I wanted a second opinion by haven just to make sure that's what he needed.
I called haven this morning, and first the receptionist told me she had something for today, then told me she didn't.
Meanwhile my dog is in deep pain....
In my arms shaking ... And all she could tell me was  "sorry I don't know what to tell you"   I'm NEVER returning there again.
What's funny is I made sure I got all my dogs medical records the first time they told me they didn't have anything avail because I already knew one day I'd be switching away from them.....
I just wanted to give it one more chance...
But NO WaY...
I'm done with them.
All they are good for is scheduling routine vaacinations, but when it comes to REAL emergency situations, they don't care!!!
Luckily I got an appt with aloha animal hospital for the second opinion.
My appt with them is in 30 min.... Hopefully I get some good news about my dog.
And  Hopefully I will gain a relationship with them the way I did with Amy Oliver and not dr. Mauro and her staff!

Dr. Mauro and her staff at Haven are amazing!
Without telling many long stories, I have 4 dogs and had 2 cats (only 1 now) and unfortunately they have had many medical issues from foreign body ingestion to low platelet count.
Dr. Mauro has taken care of all of them, emergency or routine she always is available to help.
I cannot say enough good things about her and the staff at Haven, it is the best feeling in the world to know that your pets are being cared for by a group of people that are as passionate as they are about what they do.

I can't say enough good things about Haven Animal Hospital.
I brought them my sick puppy and they made him and me feel comfortable and positive.
Within a very short time they gave him an exam, helped me find a type of food that he would eat (he wasn't eating anything else) and gave me a ton of good information.
It was easy to tell that not only do they know what they are talking about, but they actually truly care about the animals brought to them.
They may be on the opposite side of Las Vegas from me, but I will make that drive every day for their level of service, knowledge and commitment to what they do.

We have been going to Haven since we moved to town over 4 years ago.
The staff and vet are great.
The waiting room is spacious and usally we are in and out in a timely manner!

I can't say enough of goid things about Dr. Mauro and her staff.
I love them, love them,  love them.

Dr. Mauro is an angel from heaven!
Not only did she work with my fiance and I on the cost of our dog's bills, but after performing a late in the day surgery she stayed at the office overnight with our dog because she was sooo sick, AND because the office is closed on Sundays, she took our dog to HER HOME to make sure that she could keep an eye on her and to get her to eat something.
I can't believe what an amazing person she is and has been thru this incredibly nerve racking process.
We can't thank her enough!
Don't want to leave anyone out... she also has a wonderful and compassionate staff working for her all of them have been awesome!
If you don't take your pets here for veterinary car, you should!

I have been taking my dog to Haven for about 4 years now, and all I can say is that they are the BEST!!
Dr. Mauro and her staff are all so caring and truly have your pet's best interest at heart.
Dr. M actually 'saved' my dog from a possible lifetime of discomfort.
My dog was itchy, losing hair, and very uncomfortable: most assumed it was allergies but it was actually Sebaceous Adenitis (an autoimmune disease that has her fighting her own hair follicles).
Ever since her diagnosis, my dog has been healthy, happy, and living a normal life!
I feel so comfortable coming to Haven and have 100% trust in Dr. Mauro.
There is no other place to consider but Haven.
It's the best!

This place came highly recommended.
(Yes there is a sign in their office offering incentive for a positive yelp review BUT they have excellent feedback on multiple websites) I went in for treatment of my pup's long-suffered allergies.
I did have to wait quite a long time before drop off and after pick up but they ran several tests and are working on treatments.
They gave her a free medicated bath and nail trim - nice and unexpected!
Also, they price-matched 1800petmeds.com for her medications.
Uh- awesome!
My favorite part was Dr. Mauro.
She sat down with me and chatted like we were visiting over coffee.
She went over all of my questions, took me back to get my fur baby, and offered her insight as another pet owner- not just a vet.
I loved her "real" presence.
Her sister came in and we made fun of her spray on tan.
I got to almost hang out with the staff for a minute.
They are so nice!
And the Vet tech- Patrick, I'm not sure if he is available but he'd be perfect for my friend Kristina.
LOL!

I've been bringing my dogs to Haven Animal Hospital for about a year.
I'm very impressed with Dr. Mauro, and and everyone there.
They go the extra mile to make sure our dogs' visits are as pleasant as possible.
They were wonderful with my very nervous puppy!
Dr. Mauro is knowledgable and informative, always showing great concern for our pets.
I would highly recommend this animal hospital.

Dr.Mauro is the best there is on this town.
The staff at Animal Haven Hospital is awesome and oh so Kind and caring.

Wow Jen B - obviously doesn't know what she is talking about!!!
I have been bringing my 2 dogs to Dr Mauro since we moved here 5 years ago.
Tender loving care - considerate care of my nervous shy Bichon/Maltese and hyper mentally crazy Pom Mix Terror that barks, screetches and bites!
Her prices have been reasonable comparing to vet visits over the last 40 years with my various dogs.
Additionally I have had many pleasant encounters with vet techs and office staff.
No one has ever been rude or unaccomodating.
I too have called on a surgery day and been given the drop off choice - they are busy but will still tend to the ailing patient in need.
Love the Haven team and recommend people to check their own behavior before publicly castigating others for their own insane moments.
We all get protective of our fur babies and think our problem is the only thing that matters - but mature people take a deep breath and realize that the Doctor and staff aren't sitting around with nothing to do until you need them.

This is the only place that I 100% trust to care for my babies.
The staff is phenomenal and Dr. Mauro is an absolute diamond.
Their care for animals is unmatched in this industry.
I am so lucky to have my furry family in their care.

Dr. Mauro is the most amazing and loving vet!
She is great with dogs and is very patient!
The ladies at the front desk are amazing and the nicest women you could ever meet!
The animal hospital is very clean and always stocked with the best of the best dog food, treats and medications!
I would 100% recommend this animal hospital for you and your pets!

Awesome place.
They take care of all my dogs and do a wonderful job!

I absolutely love this place.
All of the girls up front are super friendly and helpful, and Dr. Mauro is amazing and really knows what she is doing.
She actually cares about your pets well being, and that's very appreciated since Rascal is getting old now.
I wouldn't even think of taking my dog anywhere else!
Joel Tenbusch

I have an 11 year old diabetic Italian Greyhound, Dr Mauro and her staff are always helpful and friendly.
They do an excellent job of caring for my animals and I feel they really do care about their patients well being.
I would not think of taking my animals anywhere else, I can't recommend Haven Animal Hospital enough.

Dr. Mauro and her staff are absolutely amazing people.
I have been going to Haven Animal Hospital for over 5 years.
When I lost my Frankie in November to Congestive Heart Failure, she was so genuinely sad to see him have to cross over to the rainbow bridge.
Her staff were so kind and were so caring when I lost him.
They even put him on their Christmas Tree of the babies lost during that year.
They all loved Frankie (which it was hard to not love him when you met him) and still take care of my Max and Gracie today.
I would never go anywhere else but to Dr. Mauro and her staff.
She has a special way with animals.
She gets down on the floor with them and pets and loves them and makes them feel comfy and safe.
Her front office girls are FANTASTIC, professional and caring and kind.
They are a very busy office but for good reason; they are WANTED for their services so of course they will be busy.
I think some of these reviews need to be taken down.
If a vet office isn't busy, there is a reason for that; they probably are not good!!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VET OFFICE.
Dr. Mauro is very emotional and concerned about every single thing she does with her patients and will always be open and honest about what the best choice is to make when it comes to taking care of your babies.

Haven animal hospital is such a great place.
The staff and doctors are amazing!!
I had to go through a horrible time in my life, but with their genuine care and support helped to make it so much easier.
They always make me feel welcome and appreciated... Kind of like a small town feel!!
Thanks again for taking care of my pups and me!!
You all are great!!!

Everyone here is amazing with the animals!
This is the 3rd vet's office I have taken my dogs to and it would be my last.
The attention and quality of the care that they give to our babies is priceless.
Dr. Mauro is our favorite Vet ever!!!
She really shows the genuine care and love for the animals by the way she gives time and attention to each of our 3 dogs every time.
Also never heard of a business really trying to save you money or be concern about their prices; especially a Vet's office.
But Heaven Animal Hospital and Dr. Mauro make sure we don't pay more than necessary or for things that are not really needed.
They go over every detail for procedures and really lay the cards on the table as to how much things cost and if it makes sense overall to spend the money to make our animals better.
Only thing I regret is not taking my pets to this place sooner!
Keep doing what you are doing Dr. Mauro and staff,  you have a great thing going!!

Thank you to the staff at Haven who accepted my dog for cremation service preparation.
He was never a patient, but they accepted him anyway and I trust they respectfully cleaned him and made the proper preparations for his cremation.
They were easy to get a hold of and very kind at my time of need.
Thank you!

I had finally taken a stray cat who had been at the property I work for months.
I live right across the street from Haven, and I took him in to have shots/exam and he had a small wound on his left side.
Unfortunately, I didn't come in until about 5pm and they close at 6, so they were unable to see him (which was understandable).
As I was walking out with the cat, he got scared and jumped out of my arms.
He was hiding under cars and I could not get him to come out.
I went 10 feet away to my car to get some cat food I had to lure him out, and when I turned around I could not find him anywhere.
Like he completely disappeared.
After a good few minutes and realizing he was nowhere in sight, I got extremely upset and began to cry while looking.
By this time it was already almost 6.
I decided to hurry and go back into Haven and give them my phone number before they closed in case they saw him.
I was obviously visibly upset, because as soon as I walked in the two girls behind the desk looked very concerned.
I explained to them what happened, and without hesitation they rounded up some Haven employees (probably 4 or 5 I think) and they were all outside with flashlights looking around for my cat.
I was honestly touched and I am so grateful for their care and sympathy.
I know they were probably just getting ready to go home, and it was incredibly nice of them to stay and do this for me.
I continued to go back to the area and look that day, and I noticed a small bowl of food in front of Haven long after they had closed.
I'm not sure if they did put it out for my cat, but just the thought that they could have was so touching I wanted to cry again.
Their great kindness and obvious passion for our furry companions is very evident and if they read these, I want them to know that I am so grateful for their help.
I haven't found my cat yet, but I continue to look.
They went above and beyond for someone who wasn't even a customer of theirs.
Thanks so much Haven, your kindness really meant a lot.

My husband and I have taken our dog to Dr. Mauro since we got her at 6 weeks old.
She has taken such great care of her and really takes her time to answer any and every question we may have.
I've never felt that she's rushing us out of the room.
She is knowledgable and trustworthy.
The techs are great also-- especially one gentleman (I don't know his name)-- but every time he comes in the room, he gets on the floor with our doggie and loves on her.
He is excepionally good with her!
It's apparent that they all truly care about animals and are happy to help with anything.
So happy to have found a great place!

I recently moved from Los Angeles and looked for a new vet here in Las Vegas but I never found any that I trusted with my two yorkie boys so I kind of gave up,  that was until last week when after getting groomed I noticed a lump on his head and made a appointment with Haven.
Being a single dad these two are the love of my life and as most of you probably are I am very particular who I see since only the best care I can get is good for them.
To make a long story short Dr Mauro is the best,  she was very patient with me and yes I can be a pain lol.
The staff are all great and the boys love it there.
This is my new vet forever and I will highly recommend Haven.
Thank you Dr Mauro and Ceelo thanks you.

Sadly enough I'm giving Haven Animal Hospital a 1 star for the following reasons:  I took my dog in due to a growth on his gums.
Of course I knew the only course was a biopsy which means anesthesia and the whole 9 yards.
The quote I received was outrageous, so I decided to shop around and the 3 other reputable vets I saw gave me a quote of $120-$200 cheaper!
Each service on the quote was much higher than the other vets.
Even sending the biopsy to the lab!!
I called Haven back to see if they would work with me on pricing since I'm new in the area and I'm looking for a long term relationship with a vet.
I have 2 other dogs and this could've been a good relationship.
After explaining all of this to the receptionist, she told me there's really nothing they can do, so I asked for the office manager (Jessica) to see if she could do anything.
Of course, she wasn't in but I was told she would call me back once the situation was explained to her.
3 days later and no call!!!
I guess they don't care about building new business and gaining 3 new furry patients.
The vet Lisa is nice but from the comments she made about my dog definitely needing a teeth cleaning (he got them cleaned last year) and Vegas being a very high Heartworm risk area (last time I checked, even with other vets; Vegas is not a high risk area) I suspected she would be a salesperson and from the looks of it that's how it turned out.
Not even a courtesy call from office manager Jessica to tell me what I already know = Pay up or go elsewhere!
I've found a wonderful place, with "reasonable" prices and no up selling.
That's where I'll be going!

In a nutshell, Dr. Mauro is the most dedicated, caring and honest veterinarian I have ever known.
I frankly don't know how she has done it all these years.
Her staff is awesome and they wouldn't be there if they didn't love animals.
I have been using her services for almost 20 years.
Thank you Dr. Mauro.

We've been taking our cats (and our new dog in the last 4 years) to Dr. Mauro for more than 12 years now, and couldn't be happier with the care she gave them.
When she opened her own practice on Rainbow, we followed her across town because we couldn't imagine having anyone else deal with our babies.
We love her new practice, with its warm colors, spotless waiting area (which includes a coffee machine!
), and friendly and accommodating staff.
Dr. Mauro has always been very dedicated and caring, taking her time to explain all our options, and recommending other vets/clinics for specialty procedures.
When we adopted our latest cat, her fur was badly matted, and Dr. Mauro kept her there for the day and worked on her on and off, shaving off the fur a bit at a time so she wouldn't get too stressed out.
And she wouldn't charge us for it!
On more than one occasion, when we couldn't pick up our pets before closing time, she took them to her own home, which is closer to us... you don't find that just everywhere!
We don't agree at all with an earlier review that Dr. Mauro's prices are out of line - quite the contrary.
Often, we're expecting the bill to be higher than it is.
One example is the special diet food our cat eats, which is significantly cheaper than at PetSmart.
In summary, we feel that Haven Animal Hospital and Dr. Mauro are outstanding, and we (and of course our pets) are extremely satisfied customers.

I had to come on here and praise my Vet's office again.
Haven Animal Hospital is such a great place to do business with.
Today, I brought my boy Max and my girl Gracie in for a nail trim and expression and once again, it was a great visit.
The front office girls are just amazing.
They are so patient and kind and they always know your face when you come in.
They remember your pets names and they truly just care about their animals and the people they belong to.
I cannot express my gratitude enough.
Dr Mauro is very honest and she will tell you exactly what needs to happen; no run around nonsense.
I will forever take my babies to Haven regardless of what area of town I live in; I will make that drive!
Thanks again ladies for being so helpful and always being so wonderful!

