I went there for a massage.
I had Tina as my therapist, she is great and knows what she is doing for sure.
But overall the experience was just average.
The spa has a jacuzzi and a sauna.
But the sauna was not working properly, so people kept coming out of it very red and looking like they were about to get heat rashes.
The jacuzzi was very small so you could overhear other people's conversations even if they were whispering.
The spa does not have a waiting area therefore the therapist walks through the spa screaming your name when they look for you.
And for some massage rooms you have to walk through the health spa while people are exercising, I felt that was a bit weird and uncomfortable.

Have stayed at Harrah's in Las Vegas a couple of times, but was a first time visitor to the spa on this last trip.
Made an appointment for my daughter and I to get 80 minute massages.
Overall a good experience.
Our appointments were for 11:30 a.m. but my daughter wanted to use the gym early in the morning before breakfast.
She went to the spa and told them she had an appointment later in the day, but wanted to use the gym early and they just waved her in.
The gym and spa are small, but very clean and all the basics are there - sort of like the hotel!
A hostess gave us robes and slippers and lockers and pointed out where we could get fresh fruit, water, juice and tea.
There was a small jacuzzi (which my daughter spent a few minutes in) and a steam room.
But frankly we were there for the massage, not the other amenities.
And the massages were great!
Both of us felt that the staff listened to our preferences.
Just enough conversation at the start to make you feel comfortable, then a long quiet massage.
We didn't use the shower facilities as it seemed easier to just go back to our room and get cleaned up.
But the shower area looked sparkling clean and there were toothbrushes and hair brushes/combs, deodorant, hair products, etc.
Everything you would need.
Even shaving lotion and disposable razors!
If you want a full spa day with lots of time spent soaking in tubs (and you want to pay more $$) then I think the spa at Caesars is where to go.
But if you want a good massage at a fair price I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this little spa.

This 5 star review goes to Natalie, Esthetician at Harrahs Spa.
I just had the best facial in my life and I have many!
She is experienced, professional, and explained every detail as she completed the 80 minute facial.
No one likes extractions, but ya gotta do it.
She was so thorough and gave me my best treatment ever.
I could go on but you get the picture.
As a former day spa owner, she's the best for a great facial and cleansing.
The spa isn't very tranquil - they had the tv going loudly right over the hot tub, no waiting area, but the facial was awesome!

EXCELLENT.....EXCELLENT......EXCELLENT....
We have gone here several times & in our option it's the spa in town.
Granted we have only been to a few different spa's but when you find what you enjoy & the staff is awesome you have to give them the best review you can.
We were there on 3-12-13 & again had an amazing experience, I suggest in asking for Maria she is the best ever both my wife & I agree.

I've had a couple massages so I knew what to expect.
My gf was a virgin so I was hoping for a great experience for her.
Upon arriving I explained that I was responsible for both massages and my gf was not to given a receipt.
We had to wait some time in the locker room.
My gf went with her masseuse before I.
As soon as I arrived in my room and was instructed how she wanted me to proceed I noticed the receipt.
It was only mine.
I told her she had to go find my gf's because she was not going to put in a position to feel responsible.
I don't understand why this was an issue.
The masseuse used WAY too much oil.
In my experience they use oil/lotion as needed.
Mine lathered my back, arms and neck before starting.
I felt like a Sunday Roast.
About half way through the massage, I started to enjoy the experience but I don't know that i was worth the money.
I've had better.
Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll probably try another Spa.

I woke up on Sunday with a stack of hundreds in my wallet and thought I had a huge night on the blackjack table, so I treated myself like royalty the next six hours before catching a flight out.
Monday, I checked my ATM withdrawals.
Crap.
In between though, I indulged in a lovely massage at Harrah's (we happened to be right near it when the massage bug hit) to try to quell some of my hangover symptoms.
It was rather successful, as my masseuse was great (they used to be a sports physical therapist) and everyone was incredibly friendly.
Had I wanted to stay longer, the location provided an included spa area with hot tub and steam room, a nice touch.
For reference, I spent $115 (I believe) for a 50-minute session.
Would recommend, only con would be the location is kind of tricky if you're not staying at the hotel (kind of hidden on the fourth floor).

