VIP.
Hmm.
It must stand for Very Icky PooPoo.
Yep.
That's what it means.
I mean really, how cliche, a stinky, stinky, cab.
What is this?
New York?
Thank God all the windows were down, because this was some serious BO.
All the Right Guard in the world would not have helped this man.
I'm thinking, perhaps, a good ole Silkwood shower may do the trick.
So.
Stinky cab arrives driving like a bat out of hell.
I thought we were going to be run down like those folks at the Farmer's Market in Santa Monica.
But we jumped in, breathed through our mouths and prayed for a non fatal journey.
So Stinky.
That's my nickname for him, drove like a drunken Helen Keller on a mission to hit every possible pothole from Kobalt to The Clarendon.
I would say one star.
But, hey, we did indeed arrive alive.
And now I have this not so positive yet colorful review to enjoy.
So.
Two stars.
"Thank you for calling Very Icky PooPoo Taxi.
How may I help you..."

I heart VIP Taxi!
Peter is the best cabbie.
A fellow East-coast refugee, Peter picked our drunk assess up tonight from the bar, and drove us home, but he actually toured us through the Carl's Jr. Drive -Thru so we could get our cholesterol on in style after having imbibed WAAAAAAAY too much to drive our own asses safely home tonite.
Our bellies are full.
We're safely home.
And Peter and VIP rock!
Thank you for saving us from ourselves, Sheriff Joe and Tent City!

Mmm...I think Thomas must have gotten some awful awful man driving since the lady who picked me up had plenty of deodorant and personality.
She definitely reminded me of that tv show where they have taxi confessions because she was pretty chatty.
It's nice that they give you an automatic call when they arrive, but can be a pain if you take a few more minutes than planned to get ready to get in the cab.
They'll charge you by the minute if you are not ready to hop in, as I read on a sign inside..but lucky me I'm never late.
It's nice that they've also accomodated me with a taxi that takes credit cards (some of them don't, so you'll have to call ahead of time to make sure).
What can I say, I don't carry cash.
She helped me with my luggage and drove nicely to the airport.
That's a first!

Clean taxi cab.
Nice driver.
On time.
Even has a service that calls and texts you to let you know where the taxi is and when it arrives.
What more do you need?

My wife and I needed a ride to the airport to catch a flight to start our honeymoon.
As to not bother any of our friends/family for a ride at 5am, I decided it would be best to hire a taxi.
The reviews for this service on Yelp looked ok so I thought I'd give it a shot.
I went to their website and scheduled my pickup (http://www.ridecharge.com/s/az-phoenix-tucson/taxi/branded/vip_allstate) and it went smoothly.
I was actually pretty impressed with their website (http://www.viptaxi.com/) and online scheduling functionality.
Soon after I received an automated email confirmation and text message.
After verifying all the information on the confirmation email and text message, I felt secure in the fact that I would be picked up on time and without incident.
I felt so secure that I didn't even call them the day before to confirm my pickup.
This was a HUGE mistake.
The time of my pickup came and went so gave them a call using the number that was listed on the confirmation email.
I spoke to a nice young lady who proceeded to tell me that they had no record of my pickup reservation.
Lucky for me I left a big cushion of time just in case something like this should happen.
Anyway, the girl sent a taxi and 30 minutes later one arrived.
I didn't miss the flight and it all worked out, but I will never again use this service.
I agree with most of the reviews on here though; the cab was pretty nasty but the driver was great.
Oh, and the greatest part is that I received TWO automated email "Thank You's" sent from their ridiculous online "booking" system.

This service was great.
Each driver was very nice and the cabs were totally clean and stank free.
We were able to get a cab in 10 minutes to our door at 1:40 in the morning, and the person was happy to be there.
Cool feature, they text you when they're on their way, so you don't have to guess!
Very helpful and easy.

I have used VIP taxi for over a year now.
I really like how they send text messages with the cab #.
I have ordered from them online and never had any issues.
I will continue to use them for my transportation needs.
They are on time, the drivers dont smell, and the rates are very reasonable.

Don't use the cab service at all cost.
Its terrible.
We called 411 for a cab company today and this is who we got.
After nearly 30 minutes of waiting for our car we finally decided to call them.
Apparently the driver was at the wrong place.
The people over the phone were rude and the cab driver was creepy.
When we called to get a cab back, the lady demanded an address.
We were at the Target in Tempe Marketplace.
Who doesn't know where that is?
We ended up calling 411 again to get another, less rude, cab service.
Terrible, terrible experience and I definitely will NOT be using this company again.

Second time that I've ever taken this cab... Manuel was very prompt, friendly, and there was no issues with the cab metering or fare.
It was clean and I actually got to the airport in a timely manner.. even had an extra hour to kill at the airport before my flight took off.
Wish these guys could have taken me back when my trip was over.. but he said that they only drive TO the airport, and Yellow Cab (see my other review) could take me home.

I know this could have all been avoided had I thought about "What if I get a flat?
" before riding.
Anyway, I didn't think that and rode down to South Mountain anyway.
On the way back, I flatted and couldn't fix it.
I called a Taxi to drive me home... First strike was "where is Siesta and Central?
"  Silly me for assuming that VIP Taxi might have Google or something along those lines where you can just type what I just said and it gives you an exact location.
Second strike: "we'll have a Taxi out to you shortly"... Ok, can you be a bit more specific?
Shortly is relative.
Shortly can be 5 minutes or it can be 3 days depending on the context.
I'll never know as the cab didn't show up for 1:25 minutes.
Luckily someone else was able to pick me up.
I'll more than happy to spend the $40 I would have spend on the taxi on lunch as a "Thank You".

I MUST UPDATE!
Someone, clearly has stepped in and revamped VIP Taxi and it now lives up to it's name Very Important Person.
The past few months I've used VIP several times, from the dispatcher, to the friendly drivers and clean cars, I now only have VIP in my cell phone.
Well.
I did have it in my cell phone.
Til it broke.
But make no mistake people, VIP Taxi will be speed dial number 2 on my new phone!
Gotta put mom and dad first, right?
Rock on VIP!

I need to write an update as I was very pleased with the way they handled a complaint.
This sure can't be the same VIP taxi I initially had a bad experience with.
Anyway, the story goes like this: I complaint on Yelp about a really bad experience, they apologized, sent a gift card, and said please give us another shot... so I did.
Friday night in Old Town Scottsdale after a few cocktails we decided to call it a night.
We called VIP, and within 15 minutes the taxi showed up.
Not only that, but while we were waiting, I received a text that my taxi was on the way (this never happened the first time around!).
The driver was very friendly, and actually used the meter (if you've ever been out in Old Town, you know cabbies never use it, and use it as a way to rip you off once the bars close).
I apologized for the short trip, and he told us not to worry about it, "it's my job, and sometimes it's a short ride" he said.
Anyway, overall I was extremely pleased and I'm glad I gave them a second shot.
I will definitely call them first next time I need to get home via taxi.

VIP Taxi #7604 in Tempe 602-300-3000 just chased me a mile in his car screaming shit at me!!!
He tried to run me off the road a few times as I was trying to escape him, he chased me through a residential area and into a public plaza where I called the coppers!!!
He got out of his screaming at me that I had thrown something at his vehicle and that he had it on 2 cameras.
When the cops got there he said he didnt have anything on film, that he  just got his camera and didnt know how to use it.
I was on a bicycle and he chased me from Farmer & 5th to Hardy & University!!

I needed to update this, as after seeking assistance from the Better Business Bureau, we have finally received the check that Mr. Hickey promised.
While still wary of using this company again, we will probably try their services again in the next few months, as they also provided a $30 gift card.
This certainly seems to evidence a good faith effort on their part to make things right.
My husband and I had a reservation with this company for a taxi, made several weeks ago and reconfirmed Saturday, November 5, to pick us up at our home and take us to Sky Harbor Airport the morning of November 7.
The cab was to pick us up at 6:15 AM.
By 6:20 no taxi had appeared so I called their office.
The person answering acknowledged the reservation and said a taxi would be coming; I told her that we needed the cab quickly, as we were leaving on an international flight and needed adequate check-in time.
About five minutes later, she called and said the taxi would be arriving in about 10 minutes.
We waited a little over the ten minutes, but no taxi arrived.
At that point the taxi was over 20 minutes late, and we decided that we needed to drive ourselves to the airport.
I sent a letter to VIP/Allstate on November 12 asking for reimbursement of the additional cost we had incurred ($90) due to having to pay for parking in the terminal ($125) vs taking a taxi ($30 RT).Jim Hickey from VIP called me on November 17th.
At that time he assured me that they would be sending us a check for $90, as we requested for compensation for the resultant parking fee that we incurred, as well as a card for $30 in free service with your taxi fleet.
He indicated that the check would be cut that day or the following.
When we had not received the check shortly thereafter, I sent a follow up letter November 26th and another on December 8th.We still have not received the check nor any response to my letters.
Of course, now we are not only disappointed with the original service but also with the fact that Mr. Hickey's promise to remedy the situation has not been followed through on.
The situation has only gotten worse - in December I requested assistance from the Better Business Bureau on this issue.
Today they notified me that the company has NOT responded to them either.
Clearly a business to be avoided - after all, there are several other taxi companies in Phoenix to at least give a chance!

Last week I rode VIP taxi from Tucson airport.
Asked the driver if they accept credit cards - Visa/Mastercard.
He said yes.
The moment we left the airport he started complaining that he would rather take cash and asked me if I had a non-US credit card.
I said no.
I was busy working on important emails and the guy bothers me again asking if it was a corporate credit card, which costs him a lot of money.
I told him it is a US Visa Card and what the bank charges him was not my concern.
He got offended and in rage flung the address business card back at me in the back seat.
Never had such a rude service.
I am leaving 2 stars instead of 1 because the company apologized.
I have taking the green discount cab many times and never had this issue.
Actually they have a card scanner on the back seat, and you complete the transaction in efficient courteous manner.
This does not reflect on all the drivers, but on one who was really really bad.
There are other options.
I will for sure avoid this one.

Collin S. will hate me for writing this review now that he is a taxi driver for a competing company, but I have to be honest, VIP Taxi is pretty AMAZING.
Their online service is so incredibly convenient, and allows you to check rates, schedule pickups and trips, sends you text and email reminders, and they have a re-loadable card that you can use in place of cash/credit and for every $50 you load they give you a 10% bonus on your card!
You can even order a taxi by text!
They have always been on time, professional, and ask if you prefer highway or surface streets.

Don't EVER even think of calling this company.
The first time we called them to use them we called at 7pm for an 8pm pick up and requested a 6 person van.
They said no problem and gave us a confirmation number.
They then called back 20 MINUTES before the cab was supposed to arrive and said "sorry we don't have a car for you after all.
" Needless to say I would not even consider booking with them.
We are now screwed as our dinner reservations are at 8:30pm and every other cab company is quoting us an hour wait, which would have been fine had Vip TAXI not LIED to us.
DON'T EVER USE THEM!

I've regularly used this company for a couple years now in the Tucson area.
The last several times have been disappointing (long wait times, dirty cars), but not prohibitively so--until last night.
I used the Taxi Magic app on my phone to book, the map said the driver was 3 miles away.
The cab took over 30 minutes to get to me.
Not only did I suspect that the driver had been drinking due to his slurred speech, but he had a friend in the passenger seat that was so drunk he ended up passing out.
First he told me that he was "taking his friend to the casino", then later said that they had just come from the casino.
Either way, it's unnerving to get in a cab with two men at four in the morning when you're a small girl; completely unacceptable behavior on the driver's part.
Will never be using again.

Never used their service, and never will.
Yesterday I was driving along side one of their cars in Glendale, and one of their drivers-a 400 lb.
behemoth of a man rolls down his window and litters a bunch of paper all over the street.
I tried to call the company, but evidently their is no supervisor EVER available, and no way to even leave a message.
Rude operators too-I'm done here.

Loyal VIP customer until recently.
I went from my house to work which is usually less than $13.
The charge was $11.08 and I told the driver to round it up to $12 and I gave him a cash tip as well.
Since I've been using the company for many months (since October 2011, I think), I didn't bother to look at the receipt.
I went into my bank account to pay other bills when I noticed an outstanding charge of $120.05.
I've called their company various times and left 3 voicemails since I am never directed to a live person.
I have also sent them an email.
It's been two weeks since I've been trying to contact them and no one calls me back.
I now use Discount cab.
Their cars smell so much better and cleaner, and the drivers are nicer.
If I had a complaint, they handled it right away.
AVOID VIP taxi.
If they do this to me, a loyal customer, then they might just do it to you too.
If I ever get a call back from them, I'll update this review.

VIP Taxi has to be the worst taxi service in the valley.
You call ahead to set up a reservation only to get a call at the time you were supposed to get picked up saying that they are still working on getting a cab for you.
They don't  know the meaning of the word reservation.
If you want to be disappointed, use this company.

on time, a little messy, the driver was courteous and got me to my destination quickly.
I paid in cash, a lesson I have learned form other cab rides where I had been over charged, but the experience was good.
The 4 rating is due to a somewhat icky cab and the slightly late pick up time.
I took a second cab company 2 hours later to go back to the original destination and they charged my half as much.
I was going to call to find out why but did not have the time.

Integration with the Taxi Magic app is awesome.
The driver was ther within 20 minutes of sending the request through the app.
The driver (who was originally from New York), was pleasant and drove well.
I'll have to make this trip a couple times a quarter, and VIP will be my primary mode of transportation.

I call VIP because I always seem to have a matchbook with a $2 off coupon lying around.
Some of the cabs are very nice and clean others not so much.
They do send text messages to you to confirm your order and when the cab has arrived.
They always seem to have cabs ready and they arrive quickly.
As long as they get me from point A to point B on time and without incident I'm happy.

I am always quite paranoid about getting a cab to the airport after an episode of 30-minute delay (from a cab company I will not name here, but will never utilize its service again).
I decided to try my luck with VIP.
I downloaded the App TaxiMagic, called VIP Taxi multiple times to make sure, and prayed a little before I went to bed.
Then, my cab arrived at 3:40 AM, 5 minutes earlier than scheduled.
Driver was courteous and the car was clean.
Needless to say, I was very happy with its punctuality!

I called 8 hours in advance for a 4:15am pickup for a taxi ride to the airport.
I called back at around 4:15am looking for the whereabouts of the cab.
They said they were very busy and running late (the streets looked pretty empty to me on this mid-week night,  the driver told me he had a slow night!
It turned out that the taxi was dispatched late and then picked me up late...it was a dispatch screw up.
If I had not called would they have arrived???
They comped the trip...so I gave them 2-stars instead of 1...but what I really want is a cab to show up on time.
With 8 hours advance notice, why did dispatch wait until they were late to send a cab?
If you need to get there on a tight schedule...you cannot count on them.
FYI I paid for the trip anyways and told the driver to take it as a tip...but give my feedback to his management that when you book a cab in advance you expect it to be there on time, particularly at 4am when the city streets are basically empty.
If they get early morning calls...pick-ups arranged 8 hours in advance should take priority...not the other way around.
They are not getting my business in the future.

After reading reviews and planning ahead for our trip to the airport for our honeymoon, I booked our taxi pick-up online through VIP Taxi.
It looked professional and I was excited to see an email confirmation.
Unfortunately, the customer service is not the best.
We got a call 10 minutes prior to our pick up time saying that the cab would be late.
Thank goodness we requested that they pick us up earlier than needed.
Would go with Discount Cab next time.

Had a taxi scheduled for 6:30 am.
The car was booked and confirmed through the TaxiMagic application on the iPhone the day before.
Long story short, they never showed and when I called them they weren't helpful.
Cheers to almost missing my flight.

I've tried my luck with a couple of other taxi companies before I settled in for good with VIP Taxi.
I love the Taxi Magic app because it lets me see my cab's progress on the way to picking me up and tells me who is on the way.
The drivers that I have had are personable and prompt, and based on comparisons I've had with other companies, VIP has the best rates.

We called at 10:00 am for a taxi to arrive at 1:00.
We were told that a taxi would be there to pick us up at 1:00.
Due to past experience with this taxi being late to pick us up we called at 12:00 to verify.
Now it's 1:20 and they call us to say sorry there is no taxi available.
Really!!!
Our flight leaves at 2:50.
We had to drive our car to the airport and leave it in day parking until we could have a family member take it back home.
We are literally only 10 minutes from the airport by driving time and they couldn't get a cab to pick is up.
I really hate giving bad reviews but this is a warning to have a quick back up plan

I'm a person who loves deals and coupons and tries to get the best price for everything.
I somehow got a coupon for this taxi service that was $2 off of a $10 ride or $5 off a $25 ride.
I figured that when I first came to Tucson the taxi ride was a little over $30 so this coupon would be useful when going back to the airport at the end of my trip.
The receptionist at my hotel called the taxi for me and then I got in the cab.
The driver was very friendly and we had a nice conversation throughout the whole ride.
Here comes my big complaint though...when we pulled up my taxi fare showed as $24.50 on the screen.
"Are you freaking kidding me!".
Seriously you can't round it up to $25 or just drive in another circle to make it meet that goal.
I gave him the coupon and he said he could only take off $2.
If i had just made another stop light I would have gotten $5 off.
How annoying.
So instead of paying $20 before tip I had to pay $22.50.
Yes I am a big baby for that little few dollars.
I am glad though that it was cheaper going back to the airport than from it and the man was friendly as well.
He didn't have change for $100 though and so I had to run in real fast to grab it.
If I paid with credit card he said he couldn't put the discount.
Its ok.
The taxi did come fast after being called and it was a smooth ride so I guess he was following the rules and I thank him for the drive.

Call me a regular!
Big, big fan!
VIP Taxi are my new set of wheels these days.
I call them and they're here lickity split!
I've been relying on them as my primary set of transportation as I can't drive.
(No right foot until my cast comes off.
)   Not only are the operators super duper polite on the phone, the drivers are eager to help.
The majority of them offer to ferry items up to my apartment.
(I live up a flight of stairs.
)  The cabs are brand new and top of the line.
The drivers immediately plug in my destination into their GPS, removing any of the guessing game of how to best navigate.
I definitely like these guys.
UPDATE: My discount fob arrived in the mail!
I'm putting that good guy to use!
$5 off for $25 fares!

We used this taxi service twice with 2 different drivers and had a fun cab ride both times!
The drivers were friendly and tried to take us routes to save us fare which fares are cheap anyway!
We used another taxi service and had a much different experience so VIP will be my go to.

Will is about the kindest driver ever.
Convenient and efficient -- when you're out late in Tempe and don't want to take the Orbit/other sketchy transportation, go to the Mission Palms and ask the concierge to call a VIP taxi for you.

Crappiest taxi service ever!
Called to confirm our taxi the night before &  the next morning all of a sudden there wasn't a taxi available.
We called @ 545 after our taxi they would be right out, 45 minutes later vip called & said they couldnt find anyone to take us.
finally 90 minutes later vip shows up.
we missed our flight and headed to take flight 4 hours later & 300 to change our flight.
Crappiest taxi service I've ever had.

We scheduled a taxi two hours in advance got email confirmation and assumed we were set.
The pickup time came and went with no call  or car showing up so I called the number and after five minutes of canned recordings, I finally reached an agent who asked if we were at a house or apt, then said he'd place the request.
(If that was an issue why didn't they just ask earlier?
)  Then he said he'd call me back with  eta.
After 10 minutes with no call back I called again.
Spoke to another incompetent person.
She said there was no one available in the area so we were queued but she could provide no eta!!!
Well good thing we weren't needing a ride to the airport!
I asked to speak to a supervisor and was transferred to someone else.
I asked if they were a supervisor and was told there are no supervisors on duty on weekends!!
This was the most incompetent useless set of people I've ever dealt with.
Stay away from VIP (Taxi  Magic) if you don't want to be stranded somewhere!
I'm deleting that app now!

