For me finding a good stylist that suits my hair is tough!
I seriously have to build up the courage to go and then I never go back.
Well, I went to see Lori after a recommendation from a trusty source.
And, man oh man, I am glad I went!
I walked out with bangs, never had them before, but Lori did a great job.
Her cut is $50 and she does the cut wet & dry, which I love!
AND, she is adorable!!!
I will be visiting Lori again for future cuts :-)

I have never been to a salon/hairstylist that made me want to go back again and again until yesterday!
I went in with a vague idea of what I wanted, and Lori took that vagueness and turned it into an amazing haircut!
Not only was she super-nice and friendly, but the salon itself has a great atmosphere...and a glass of wine or beer with your (very reasonably priced) cut!
Doesn't get much better than this.

Sondra is a Saint.
With Scissors.
She will whip your hair into a magical masterpiece whilst lavishing you with red wine and praise.
Can you ask for more?
Well, I will give you more.
I'm generally not too into "eye candy," but I was literally texting every woman I know to tell them I had landed square in the center of Hunk Central.
Pre-Wine :-)  Sondra did the hair for my besties wedding in March, and I fell in love with her then.
I recently saw her again at a hair show and decided to hop in for a cut and color.
She talked me into some fun purple panels and hooked me up with a bitchin style for a night on the town.
Danielle is also rockin too, and does kick ass makeup!
Amazing laid-back funky fun time!

I was working in Old Town when someone came in and dropped in a flier for this salon, the black brick wall and accents of neon green and skulls immediately caught my eye!
Not to mention their hours worked great for me.
I made an appointment right away with Lori.
The vibe of the salon is great make sure to check out the art displays in the front is changes every couple of months, and they always have something great.
Not to mention the music is also another favorite aspect of mine.
Lori is wonderful!
I love her style, and the fact she always offers me wine or beer.
Ever since I have found this place I have not been anywhere else.
I always refer Lori to any and all of my friends!

Just has an appointment with Luis.
Great job!!!
Did an awesome color (works wonders with blondes, most people make me too brassy) and cut and threw in a great style.
Definitely going back to him!

Nancy is the Best!
I've been having my hair cut by Nancy even before she came to this salon but I haven't seen her as happy as when she started working here.
She is amasing.
I will be lost when she has her baby and won't be in as often...but I do have to say that the rest of the stylists there are great as well - and they love my treats I bring in so they all get koodo's for that!

I think most women (and some men) know how hard it is to find a stylist that you can actually trust to not eff up your hair and I'm happy to say I have found mine!
Brittany Lehman is a Saint with Scissors (sorry I had to :P).
Generally my request to her when I go in is to "Make my hair hot" and she is always up to the task.
I'm always complimented after I've had my Brittany fix.
I'll follow that girl wherever she goes!

We're not in Scottsdale anymore TOTO!
This may be by far the most VIBEY is that a word?
Tattoo Parlor meets NYC meets clean urban Salon with RETRO Colors and trendy GREEN blow dryers hanging from the ceiling!
Best Cut and Style EVER!
ROCK OUT Saints and SCISSORS!!!!!

BRITTANY LEHMAN IS MY HAIR GOD.
THIS GIRL IS AMAZING!
I'm 19 and just moved out to Scottsdale, AZ in August from Seattle, WA.
I have always had super long thick hair and my hair is naturally a dirty blonde color.
A year and a half ago I started highlighting my hair for the first time.
When I moved out here, I was so nervous to find a new hair stylist because my hair had only been touched by one other girl before.
I was recommended to Saints & Scissors by a co-worker and I couldn't have had a better experience!
Brittany first did my hair in September.
She gave me a full foil and a trim.
Because my hair is sooo long and thick, the full foil took almost an hour and then another 25 minutes under the dryer.
She gave me the BEST hair wash and hand/arm massage as my conditioner was setting in.
That was the final step to win me over!
As for the trim, she did exactly what I wanted-kept the length and just got rid of the dead split ends, and sassed up my bangs.
Since that first visit I have been back a handful of times and I always always look forward to seeing Brittany.
I recommended my mom to her just this last week and she fell in love too :) I would recommend Brittany to anyone!

So its pretty difficult, in my opinion, to find a really good hair stylist...if you are still looking, Jenna DeWitt is your girl!
I have been following her around for years since I met her in 2009 in a little salon in San Diego.
She is just AWESOME!
She always considers my hair type and the ease of styling I want before any cut, she really listens to my likes and dislikes and turns that into a fun and sexy cut and color!
LOVE her!
PLUS this salon is really awesome!
Even though I am not a beer drinker, I think its pretty sweet that you can get your hair cut and get a free beer or soda in the process!
Check it out, and make sure you schedule with Jenna!
She will not disappoint!

LOVE the interior!
The hanging hair dryers...a total first for me!
The sparkle floor!
The graffiti wall!
My girl Jen does a fantastic job on my hair every time I see her!
I will follow her wherever she goes!
She is the only person I have ever seen who doesn't instantly want to lop off my long hair.
Magic!
That is what she works on it, so that it isn't just a boring Jan Brady look!
She is a whiz with color, whether you are looking for extreme, natural or anything in between.
The fact she will bend over backwards to get me in if I need an emergency appointment is just another reason that she is the best!

Great haircut!
The amazingly talented Danielle Walker coming through with the fresh cut.
Great place, great people, great times.

Best place to work, great atmosphere and co-workers!
The Rockstars of Old Town!
Ask for Albert and mention Yelp for a 20% discount.
Existing client or not!

Ask for Jennifer S - she's been my stylist for  8 years and listens to what I want with amazing results every time!
I would follow her anywhere - but this salon is a fun upbeat place to spend 'hair' time.
My whole family loves her!

Amazing hair by JOCYLIN SWANSON!
She is so kind and really makes you feel special, plus she is the best hair stylist I have ever had.
She just put extensions in my hair and I have had so many compliments.
Everyone thinks it is my real hair.
She also did the hair for my wedding and it was beautiful.
I highly recommend Jocylin and Saints and Scissors Salon.

Since moving to Phoenix two years ago I've experienced a number of hair "disasters.
" Bad cuts, color jobs - it's been incredibly frustrating.
I recently started going to Anthony Vigil at Saints & Scissors after seeing the wonderful job that he did on a friend's hair.
Getting a good blonde shade that is pretty - while keeping your hair healthy -  can be a challenge but Anthony is a master at it.
He's managed to correct my color and is helping me grow out my uneven cut from a former stylist while allowing me to keep most of my length.
Anthony is also personable, professional and very responsive.
When I recently told him that I felt I needed a few more lowlights he immediately fit me in.
To make things even better, the salon prices are reasonable.
I would highly recommend Anthony and this salon!

Jen is incredible!
She has worked her magic on both my daughters and me!
My daughter's color job took a long time and Jen was so sweet the whole time!
She even offered me a snack!
This is a really well functioning business, it shows.
We are comerbackers!

Brittany has done my hair for the past 3 years and she is AMAZING!
She is innovative, conscientious, and a very skilled stylist.
She now does my whole families hair!
Great Salon!!

Brittany Lehman is the best.
I've been going to her for over 2 years and have even followed her from the last salon she worked at to Saints & Scissors.
I don't trust ANYONE else with my hair.
Go see Brittany, it's worth every penny and then some.

This past summer I decided one morning I wanted V bangs so I called this place up and asked if I could be seen the same day.
I'd never been here before or seen any of the stylists, but Jennifer was available and saw me not long after I called.
She actually had just recently cut V bangs on her friend and showed me pictures so I knew that she knew what she was doing and wasn't going to mess up my head!
She also took her time and was very particular so they were just right.
I wouldn't hesitate to come see her again for other hair needs.

Since moving to Phoenix, I've had a couple stylists.
My first started teaching full time and her new schedule wasn't working with mine.
Plus, with my baby I wanted someplace closer to home to eliminate spending the drive time.
My second moved away... so I was back to the drawing board.
With the help of Yelp reviews and a very cool look on the outside, I thought I would give S&S a try.
They were able to squeeze me in for same day appt.
My stylist was Nancy D. and she was great!
Took the time to listen to what I wanted, and certainly delivered.
I'm very happy with my color and cut.
Not to mention the decor and vibe in this salon is just amazing.
I'm not normally what you would consider an "edgy" girl- but this place just brings the bad ass out of you!
I will def be coming back

I decided to try this place after reading many reviews and I wanted someone good with color.
Tony was able to get me in for an appointment right away.
I wanted to go from red to a dark purple and he did an amazing job.
I showed him a couple pictures and he matched it perfectly!!!
I couldn't be happier with the color and cut.
If you want someone amazing with color go see Tony!

Jennifer Phillips, that's all you need to know for a great cut.
She knows what she's doing, listens to the client, and has spot on suggestions.
I went in for a trim on my grown out pixie, which was now an over grown bob.
After showing Jennifer some Pinterest pins of short sexy shag cuts, she confirmed the length I wanted and had me double check in a mirror so there would be no surprises.
She is instantly trustworthy & you'll have no problem leaving your hair to her hands.
- Jacinda

Nancy does a wonderful job.
I had blonde highlights that I needed to be dyed back to my natural hair  color or as close as possible.
She did it perfectly.
She also did a fab cut and took the time to teach me how to style my hair a different way.
She is easy to schedule with and the cost is very reasonable.
Highly recommend Nancy!

Nancy is awesome!
I just moved to the area & had a hard time finding a good stylist.
Also, I wanted a short haircut.
I hadn't had it short in about 10 years so I was a little nervous!
Nancy cut AND dyed it perfectly...
I've gotten tons of compliments & I love it!!
Def recommend Nancy to anyone who needs their hair done!

I never thought I would experience color perfection until I encountered a stylist at Saints & Scissors Salon.
Anthony Vigil is the Leonardo Di Vinci of color!
He truly listens to what his clients wish for and then achieves the color they hope for.
Anthony uses only the best color products.
There is a difference, and I experienced it!

Go check out Anthony!
Took my hair from super brassy to blonde and looks great!
May even put more blonde on next time.
Love the look of the place too and seriously they have the most comfy shampoo chairs haha.
Def happy I finally went to him and will be back after my summer move to DC.

Was a first time client and really picking about who cuts my hair.
I decided on Jenna and glad I did...with 10+ years experience she knew exactly how to tame my thick hair.
She is great conversation and the place is pretty cool too.

I was in desperate need of color and a cut for a wedding, and frantically searched for the best.
I got recommended this place by my mom and called to make an appointment, I booked with Jenna and she took my brassy locks to platinum and cut away my dead ends.
I've never been more comfortable at a salon.
Jenna is personable and listens to needs, all while having a good time with you.
There is definitely an edge to the salon, with the fun paintings of zombies and black walls, but I adore it.
Will be back!

I had a brilliant idea this morning to perm my long hair with large rods for body cause my hair is so bone straight.
I know better to do a test strand first but I figured I'll just leave it half the average time so it shouldn't be bad right?
Wrong!!!
My hair is a finer texture and turned to mush by the time I was done.
I usually cut my own hair but this wasn't just a trim the ends kind of job, it was a brand new do kinda thing.
As a hairdresser, we are a very picky bunch on who touches our hair, well at least I am.
I went on Yelp and thought Saints and Scissors was a cute name with great reviews so I gave them a call.
Thankfully, Albert was able to fit me in his very busy day.
Thank the sweet Lord!!
Off to the hairdressers I go.
When I got there, I just showed him a basic picture of what I wanted and left the details to him.
He took a look at my face and I could see the wheels turning in his head.
An hour later, I was freshly washed, 14 inches lighter and styled, ready to take on the rest of my day.
I would highly recommend you see Albert, he's a miracle worker and I will definitely be back!!

