Looks like John Cutter is more well-known for having OJ Simpson as one of it's customers ( static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/K9252dibmnF5vDMAQ50H5g/l ) than it's drinks or Bar Food.
Kitchen Sink Salad (** 1/2 $15.00) Romaine Lettuce and Spinach Chopped.
Contains Shrimp, Salami, Tomatoes, Red Onions, Olives, Mozzarella Squares, Pepperoncinis, Hearts of Palm, Artichoke Hearts, bits of Ham, mixed in a Balsamic Vinegar.
Wish there was something more flavorful in that Kitchen Sink of John Cutter's...
Bottle of Corona with Lime ($4.50)  I think Kevin and his fiancee, Robin, came here more for it's notoriety than it's quality of Bar Food.
Bar Girls dressed in black tank tops imprinted with "JC" on the front coordinated with Blue Jeans.
Blue-Collar clientele.
Ball game of Dodgers (LOST) and Cubs went un-watched by all the customers.
The other LCD TV Screen showed the Oregon State University (LOST) game a week after defeating USC.... again un-viewed by the bar crowd.
$28 Steaks... you gotta be kidding!
This is a "bar", for goodness sake!
OJ is never going to step into this place again!
At least not for the next 5-15 years...  High prices, dark atmosphere.
Located in one of the newer strip malls at the Western edge of Summerlin in Las Vegas.
If you just want a buzz, it can be accomplished for a lot less green somewhere else.

Horrible do not waist your time.
I live in the neighborhood and I've spent thousands at Jon Cutter, what a joke!
This place is horrible to start I found a  snail in my salad!.
Then on my next visit I got some arrogant cook shaking his head at me as if I can't tell the difference between a medium well and a medium RARE steak!
This place has left a bad taste in my mouth for the last time.
I hope you'll take my advice and DO NOT waist your time

I went during their first month a while back and I am still stung over how the prices on my bill did not match the prices on the menu.
Maybe it was just a glitch - but WATCH OUT.
The prices are too high and the quality and service just don't make it worth while.
I had the salmon and it was fishy gross.
I should have sent it back, I should have never gone in the first place.
The other people in my party who ordered the steak also thought the quality was extremely poor.
They are not selling you a good steak here - they are are selling you a poor quality piece of meat for a high quality price.
It's a shame since this restaurant is so close to where I live - and there are a lot of people on this side of town who want quality food - just check out how packed the Italian restaurant in the same shopping center is.
I would go again if they changed their menu and lowered their prices.
Also, I find the new high reviews to be a little sketchy.
The portions are not huge enough to merit the price.
I am always skeptical of yelp reviews where it is the user's ONLY review.
*Edited to add: these obvious shill reviews have been removed*  Oh and here's the cherry on top of this whole experience.
The owner decides to insult me via Yelp with the following message: "It would appear you have five star standards but a budget more suitable for quick service and fast food.
I do hope you choose your future eating establishments more wisely and find a restaurant to your liking.
"  This place is pathetic and they have been disappointing everyone I know who has gone there.
Watch out what they charge you!
This place is shady and the food is bad.
2012 UPDATE:  The Owner "Adam C" just sent me another petty message via Yelp 3 years after my original review was written.
Too bad he can't spend his time improving his restaurant, because several other people have trashed this place on Yelp.

I personally love John Cutter!!!
I think it is a great friendly neighborhood restaurant.
Portions are HUGE so the prices are great for the amount of food you get.
They also recently started doing half portions of items at a smaller price.
I have not tried one bad thing on the the menu.
All the employees are so nice as well...
I am so glad a place like this came into the area.
Another great thing, they are now doing breakfast on the weekends!!!
Big portions as well.
It's nice to have some where to get a real breakfast close by, not a doughnut...
I highly reccommend going in.
They know what they are doing ;-)

Just received this message from adam c, regarding my review of John Cutter many, many months ago.
"Thank you very much for the review.
It seems we did not meet your expectations at JC.
i would like to address some of your comments if i may.
I take all comments very seriously and try to address as many as possible personally.
JC was created as a neighborhood bar with high quality food and beverage in a very casual atmosphere.
All of our meat is Certified Angus Beef which is just one step below prime (very expensive) and is never frozen.
in fact JC dost even have a freezer.
Unfortunately, our prices reflect the cost of our investment and the very high rent for the location.
I hope you will reconsider your review.
Thank you.
"  I won't change my review, but Yelpers might consider visiting John Cutter after reading this message from their management.
When I come visiting my youngest in a couple of weeks, I don't plan on re-visiting...

Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday.
Since my wife and I were bringing the baby, I called ahead to make sure they had a smoke free eating area and that they had high chairs.
I was told yes to both.
Well, they had high chairs, but the inside is all just one room, containing tables, bar, and gaming.
i guess smoking isn't allowed, but I didn't think it was an ideal family eating environment.
We ended up eating outside, even though it was a bit cool out.
Food was mixed.
My wife did not at all like the meat on her chinese chicken salad, saying it was tasteless and reminded her of fish somehow.
But, she liked the rest of the salad.
My grilled chicken sandwich was good, though the menu should have mentioned that it came with avocado and cheese; it wasn't a problem for me, but might be for some people.
French fries (thick) were hot and fresh.
i would have liked to try the cheesesteak, but the fact that it was made with cheddar instead of provolone scared me off since it made it seem inauthentic.
I probably would give it another try, but not with a child.

I went to this establishment on one the TapOut promotional events.
The food and drinks were moderately priced and the portions were plentiful.
The service was pleasant and attentive but it was a Thursday night.
The happy hour beer and sliders promotion needs a couple more additions.
Good place for cold beer after hiking at red rock.

I hope I do not come across to insulting by saying I am convinced the wait staff at this place collectively share one brain that is meticulously stored in a jar of jager behind the bar counter.
We had an after work meeting here (which was a pretty dumb choice in retrospect).
The waitress' made it a habit to disturb the table with mundane questions like, are you finished with that?
Can I take that away?
If there is nothing on the plate, I think you can be pretty sure its okay!
When the food was ready to be served another lady comes to the table and says, "so and so had to go to restroom and I don't know who had what" She then proceeds to ask all of us what we had in a very curt fashion.
Very weird and kinda rude.
We were all taken back a little.
At any rate, the food tries to be inventive upscale bar food.
I got the "free range chicken breast".
That chicken must of been free ranging at a senior retirement community in Summerlin cuz it was dry and crisp.
I had to dunk it in BBQ sauce to bring some juice back to the mix.
I would not go back, especially since Red Rock is right around the corner.

I've been told about this place for the last year, mainly by my regular cab driver (you can't possibly live in Vegas and think you can have a bloody mary or 3 and then drive home) who drives one of the bartenders from here.
Having tired of the tasteless food at Red Rock after bingo, we decided to venture over the I-215 bridge and try it out.
1st: it is NOT fat friendly if you are on the hippy side.
They only have 3 types of seating.
Outside skinny bottomed armed chairs; inside you have your choice of high-boy bar chairs or cramped booths.
So just a bit of a warning before you go.
While we were seated quite quickly (in the ever shrinking cramped booth) our waitress was very slow getting us drinks..a standard Bloody Mary and a beer.
We were on the fence about the menu but it was, after all, a bar.
My dinner companion ordered the surf and turf..surf being 2 large lobster tails and turf being a huge ribeye.
Appx 35.00 for the plate.
It comes with a side salad that our waitress repeated after each entrée order was placed (down to the pine nuts).
I ordered the steak fajita tacos with a side of Mac & Cheese.
My son, who was left at home, called in his order for pork chops which are on the web menu but apparently have been removed from the actual menu.
Surf & Turf:  I had a piece of the turf (surf allergy) and it was FANTASTIC.
The rib eye was cooked to perfection.
Tender Juicy and spiced just right.
Fajita Tacos:  Even without the standard condiments of salsa/sour cream they were delicious.
The meat was tender, delicious and in abundance topped by just the right combination of onions/peppers.
Side Mac/Cheese:  light and flavorful.
Not your blue box variety, but a very nice blend of white cheeses in elbow macaroni.
Served in a steel pot.
If you can squeeze into the booth, don't mind the airheadedness of the wait staff and their continuous need to be posers, the sticker shock of the bill (2 drinks, 3 entrées, no dessert - $120.00), then it is well worth it for the food.
I will go again but will make it a to-go box while I sip my coffee from the fabulous Dunkin' next door.
Update:  We've been back 3 times since I wrote this.
Got take out for the steaks.
Still no "regular" seating outside.
It's sad because we are stuck on steak there and they probably have other good things but until they fix their seating situation my little group will never find out.
Note: you cannot be 6'8" and sit in the high top chairs.
it just doesn't work.

Spent a couple hours here on our recent trip to Vegas.
I liked the atmosphere-very fun!
We sat at the bar and Kara was our bartender, who took very good care of us.
I even won $100 on the video poker machine, what a bonus!

I personally love John Cutter...
Especially the Philly.
Prices seem pretty typical for Vegas and I think the atmosphere is great.
On one visit I had a waitress that was a bit slow and forgetful but it was also super busy so maybe she was overwhelmed.
Bottom line...
I would highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone.

My wife dragged me in here after she tried their surf n turf and raved about it.
I can't comment on that yet.
We sat at the bar and played poker for awhile.
Not a big deal but they make you play max bet for a 2nd drink.
They were nice enough to warn me about that and still comped my 2nd drink.
Might be a reason why we were about the only ones playing.
We ordered food and then sat at a table and brought our drinks with.
The portions were big for the sandwiches (philly is great) and very good BUT wait till you get the bill.
Yes, we saw the prices but by the time we got done with food and tip it was almost $40 for 2 sandwiches and we didn't have any drinks to pay for.
It was good but I just don't see the attraction for a sandwich place and their prices.

I used to be a fan of John Cutter the Krolly sandwich and the Philly were favorites, fries and salads had also been tasty.
That is until our most recent visit earlier this week.
It's been a few months since we stopped in, they've since revamped the menu.
Krolly sandwich got the boot so my husband tried the chicken sandwich and he ordered dynamite rolls to start.
Luckily I was still able to get the Philly.
The rolls weren't exactly dynamite, they were terribly dry on their own.
The sauce helped a lot.
The chicken sandwich was no better.
Dry was the word of the day.
He slathered it in ranch dressing to make it edible.
Good news is the French fries are still tasty.
Bad news is my Philly was a disaster.
The meat was tough, the bread was dense and stale; it was dripping with cheez-whiz and it still found a way to be ridiculously dry.
The salad used to be a favorite, they had a great champagne vinaigrette.
Not no more.
It was bland and way under-dressed.
Sad to say, John Cutter has bit the dust.

We went for their 2nd anniversary last week and had a great time.
The place was packed.
Had a band playing and giving out gifts and t-shirts.
Even though it was so busy, the waitresses did a great job.
Food was quick and also very good.
I finally had the sirloin steak and lobster and it was very good.

Great little restaurant we always go to on our way back from hiking at Red Rock.
Lots of TV's to watch sports, nice ambiance and delicious food.
I usually get one of their salads which are all delicious and big.
My BF gets a burger and fries and loves it.
Sunday is 1/2 off steak day-- i don't think i'll ever order anything else their NY steak is soo good!
It comes with a large salad and was perfectly cooked.
Me and my bf brought home the leftovers and ate it for dinner.
Huge yummy steak at $13 bucks since it was 1/2 off... we'll be back after our next hike!

After being very hungry from a day of climbing, we thought we'd try John Cutter.
It was a medium volume night, and our service was slow, the food was good but not spectacular, and the prices were high.
Even for Vegas standards.
I've never written a review before, but our experience was so lousy that It inspired me.
Go to the Italian or Chinese place right beside John Cutter.

Had a groupon decided to check it out, steak was good, server was lacking.
It was busy and loud which wasn't bad but it was our first time there, so we weren't familiar withthe menu.
Some of us had steak and some had salmon.
The salmon came with sides and the steak did not.
I wish the server would have told us more about the menu or asked if we wan't sides.
The server checked in once and never offered anyone a refill of their drinks.
It felt like they were put out by the groupon and didn't want to deal with us.
Prob won't return.

Don't even bother.
The food is nothing special, neither good nor bad (although their happy hour offerings are very bad, as if they are trying to discourage you from ever ordering them again).
What really sets this place apart is the service - it's atrocious.
The staff obviously does not want to be there and it's apparent as they stand there and gossip amongst themselves for minutes at a time, while the half-dozen or so customers sit there waiting for something.
Save yourself the trip and go anywhere else.

After my initial review the owner was quick to reply and remedy the situation.
Thanks for you reply Adam

For a Wednesday night, which is a slow night, the service was just ok.
It took a long time to get everything.
I would only come to this place to drink.
It is in the neighborhood and I have been wanting to try it out for a long time.
They have a unique menu and a nice bar environment with a full bar.
There were 2 2 tops when we were there and about 7 people sitting at the bar.
Food: Wings and Fries from Appetizer menu and A Fat Tire (Beer).
The wings were breaded and we asked for medium bc server said they were hot.
Which they were not.
We added a side of Ranch and Hot Sauce to make them more spicey.
They seemed like they were just re-heated or even pre-made.
I am a wing girl and live for them...was not impressed at all.
The only good thing is they were not small and had more meat on them then most places.
Service: Forget servers name, its all women staff, she was blond with long hair.
She was really nice, sweet, good looking.
It took us 10 min after ordering our waters to get them.
I ordered my beer after we ordered the water and wings and it came out with my meal.
You can see all the food up (when its ready) and our meal sat there for a good 10 minutes (who is timing anyways).
She did apologize for taking so long bc she was "cleaning" at 10pm when the bar closes at 2ish and the happy hour starts at midnight.
Must have been pretty dirty...
Overall I would come with friends if I was staying in the neighborhood and just drinking.
I would most likely sit at the bar too, if there is an open spot.
I am not knocking this place completley, I saw they have breakfast on Sat and Sundays so they can possibly redeem themselves.
Since the weather is nice I want to be able to bring the dogs and sit on the patio as well.
Hope the service wont be terrible there too.
If so I have no problem walking up to the barkeep/tender to order drinks.

Wow...I'm really shocked at all the low reviews.
This is a place that I actually miss after leaving Vegas for Seattle.
Their steaks are some of the best I've eaten in town.
They don't have a freezer on-site so all the steaks are bought fresh and moved out fast.
On Sundays, all steaks are half off.
I miss eating their steak and eggs breakfast (which is available any day) and going for a hike out at Red Rock.
It's an excellent value for only $11!
They don't give you a shit piece of steak that's paper thin, full of fat & gristle like a lot of the casinos advertising cheap steak and eggs (to get you in the door to gamble.
)    I like the darker interior of the restaurant and the large and somewhat secluded booths.
As for the service, I've never had any issues with any of the servers.
Skinny Jen is my favorite waitress there and has always done a damn fine job!
The only single issue I've ever experienced was one time we decided to sit outside on the patio on the far left side of the restaurant.
We had to move as we could smell the dumpster located in the parking lot due to the wind blowing in between the two buildings.
We were relocated to a different table outside and enjoyed a fantastic meal.

We have been looking for new restaurants near our home and a friend recommended this place.
Though it is tucked away in a shopping center it is definitely a place people know about.
When we walked in it every table was full.
Even then we didn't wait long and the service was great.
I ordered a Chinese chicken salad and it was great.
Though I probably should of ordered a steak because they are half off on Sundays.
We also ordered the nachos that we're great, though lacking on meat.
The ambiance is really nice and we will definitely go back.

I came here for a little snack to hold me over until a late dinner.
It was a beautiful day outside, and John Cutter allows you to enjoy it with their patio seating.
Yes, you'll be staring at a parking lot and a Wells Fargo in the distance...but still.
You're outdoors!
We ordered three dishes: Dynamite Rolls, Tuna Chips, and Chips and Cheese dip.
We also got a few beers; $4.50 for bottle of Blue Moon.
The Dynamite rolls looked tasty at first (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qlBw1YaxMsItfz25-AyA?select=sKG7B9Wk9bFW38elaImoWg), but the inside was dry (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qlBw1YaxMsItfz25-AyA?select=Rs3wXSXCrG25KCt-byTB6Q).
The chips and cheese dip were nothing special, you'd do just as well buying a jar of cheese dip at the grocery store.
The Tuna Chips were the highlight of the evening (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qlBw1YaxMsItfz25-AyA?select=4Hjf-6pu_h9oJfmAcgyBUA), with each chip coming with a nicely sized slice of tuna, slightly seared and topped with a soy glaze and little drop of wasabi (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qlBw1YaxMsItfz25-AyA?select=zpSLxFrufBEa0Tp_qrtc4Q).
With my limited tasting of John Cutter's offerings, they've earned themselves an A-OK.
I'm sure I will be back to try their other dishes!

'went here Friday night, invited by my rich Red Rock friends who had just discovered it recently- everything was excellent.
I ordered the lobster tails- tender and sweet and just right-  the ribs were the same- the salad was substantial and fresh, with great tasting tomatoes.
My friend let me try her steak salad- delicious- the presentation was also nice for "bar food".
I drank Pinot Grigio, since that was what my hosts were drinking and the service was really attentive.
My son let me taste his Chile Relleno, and it was really good.
He was not impressed with the food, but I think I trrump him as I consider myself an experienced Foodie with LOTS of eating in many places in Las Vegas over many years!

Had lunch today at John Cutter which I would classify it as upscale bar food.
Had the bone in rib eye, house salad, and the Philly fries.
The food overall is excellent for bar food in addition to having a reasonable price point.
My sister and I shared the entire meal and the cost was less than $30 which was a bargain.
On Sundays, all steaks are half off.
The wait staff was very attentive and the ambiance was very relaxed.
I really like the Philly fries which was very unique.
The dish was a plate of french fries that is covered with cheese sauce, mushrooms, onions and shaved steak which was really good.
Overall, if you want a great steak at reasonable prices, you really can't go wrong with John Cutter

I can pretty much sum up John Cutter's with this simple statement; Their menu consists of 2 pages of food and 4 pages of information and pictures of their all female serving staff.
That was my first red flag.
As for location and feel, John Cutter's has it right.
Easy to access, outdoor patio with occasional live music, and a large, open space inside.
But that's where I stopped being impressed.
I was told by a few "regulars" of this establishment that the food was mind blowingly good.
I always take such statements with a grain of salt, and for good reason... And as I type this, some salt prolly would have helped some of the food a bit.
I had the Chile Relleno, given that this was a Tex-Mexish menu.
My parents got the Lobster and Ribs.
My Chile Relleno had about as much flavor as loofa covered in cheese.
The Spanish rice was bland at best, the beans were runny and just plain sad.
The Chile Relleno it's self was cooked well, but lacked any flavor or kick.
It tasted like no one in the kitchen has tasted it in quite some time.
I also got to have a rib and some of the lobster.
The "famous" ribs had a BBQ sauce that massively overpowered the meat.
BBQ sauce is good on ribs of course, but the meat should have some kind of flavor!
The sauce should be the sidecar to the meat's tender motorcycle, but this was more like a tandem bicycle with two chimps peddling.
The lobster was also cooked well, but lacked any wow factor.
Even dipped in their butter sauce I still wasn't wowed one bit.
The best thing I actually tried here was one of the salads that had nuts in it.
It was well dressed and had great flavors that worked well with each other.
But if you pride yourself as a respectable Eatery and your best offering is the salad, something's gotta change.
I give John Cutter's 2 stars, one for having a good IPA beer available, and one for the other 4 pages of the menu.

Went here tonight to meet some friends, been here a few times.
Happy hour ended at 6pm sharp so prices went up a little early in my opinion.
Food menu lacks originality, and the taste is just ok, I had a steak quesadilla that was just so so.
This place could be better.

The food here is awesome... Great Steaks (1/2 off on Sunday is the best thing going on in Summerlin) and the salads are fantastic too.
However ... the front staff is not the greatest when it comes to service.
I pop in at least twice a week because the food is so good and it's conveniently close to home but the staff can't seem to remember my name or even want to take the time to learn it.
Good food.. no doubt that's what keeps us coming back.
As always... show up for the 1/2 price Steak Sunday ... my friend and I pretty much eat out daily all across the local places in Las Vegas so we know what we are talking about when it comes to local Vegas eats.
Our last trip around we were not drinking too much... switch to water and Iced Tea which pretty much went empty as the waitress was too busy doing who knows what.
We eat and before we are even done with our steaks, the waitress brings us our bill.
No mention of desserts or coffee even offered.
Seems as if she was more interested in closing out our bill and having us hit the road then stick around...  Luckily Dunkin Donuts is right next door...
The last three experiences have been somewhat similar.
I could certainly understand the attitude if we did not tip so well.... but we generally always tip well above 20% on every outing.
One last shot next "Steak" Sunday and if the service is the same... it may be time to look for other places where the front staff does appreciate us.
That's what being local is really all about.
Sometimes.... it's just the little things that matter even if you do have a great thing going on.

Terrible service; mediocre food.
We will not visit here again!

We went here last night, because I bought a groupon.
We arrived and were surprised at how slammed it was.
It was half off steak night Sunday (didn't know that) We were told the wait shouldn't be that long, so we squeezed in at the bar and told the girl to get us when a table opened.
I had a feeling she might forget about us, being how busy it was and she didn't seem "all there".
Well she did forget us.
We waited a good 30 minutes and decided to remind her we were there.
There was a table open, and people who arrived after us had been seated.
We got seated after we reminded her we were waiting.
So, that was pretty annoying.
As far as atmosphere it was loud, not very cozy and the place itself is small.
I was sitting right under the air vent at a high top table and froze the whole time.
There was a large group of about 15 sitting right next to us, with 6 tables pushed together.
We thought they really didnt need all those tables.
Each table seats 4.
We were told by our waitress that if we wanted the half off steak deal we couldn't use our groupon.
We decided to save it for another time and go for the steaks.
I liked our waitress.
She was fast and helpful and super nice.
I wish I could remember her name.
The steak deal is just okay.
It's half off steak, but you get no sides.
If you add a side its 4.50 or more depending what you get.
So, my steak still ended up being around 17 with the side.
My boyfriend's was even more because he got the bigger steak and a side.
I will say the steaks were very good!
Cooked right and we like to have them add blue cheese crumbles to ours (it's so good that way, try it if you haven't) and it was tender and flavorful.
so, I have no complaints about the actual food.
I think if I were to go back on a slower night when it's not so packed it would be a better experience.

Worst service.
Could not get waited on left after 15 minutes when they sat a couple at the table next to us and they were waited on instantly.

Very mediocre.
This place is so close to my house, and I wish it had the potential to be a regular happy hour spot, but sadly it does not.
I went roughly 6 months ago, so hopefully some things have changed.
They had no beer on tap... really?
Shocking.
The food and decor were average.
The prices were reasonable.
Until they have beer on tap we will not return.

This is a fantastic neighborhood establishment with very friendly staff and delicious ribs (on Friday night only).
The burgers and cheese steaks are not to be missed either, and the flatbread pizza is always a hit.

i've been here 3 times now, but i only come here on sundays to get the 1/2 off any steaks which is really good.
i recommend the 18oz bone in rib eye cooked to your request.

I give this restaurant five stars because I believe it over delivers.
My expectations are low.
I this is a bar with gaming.
Eating there many times I find an excellent experience compared to other video poker establisents.
Other reviewers have mentioned half price steak night on Sundays.
I have had these streaks.
I loved the value.
Staff is friendly.
I do believe a better beer selection would be nice.
Seating is all high tops, booths, or if bar seeting.
Which is fine by me.
Casual attire.

I love this plqce.
It's near home, the bartenders are all very cute and candid in their own way.
Renee and Tay Tay are the showstoppers for sure.
The pricepoint is slightly above most, but the food is delicious.
Definitely cannot beat 1/2 off steak Sundays.
Especially making it a surf n turf ;) 18 oz perfection ribeye for $18, or the most coveted cut,  the filet for $14!
Crazy amazingness.. bar is always my preferred seating, but usually pretty packed, so get in early.
Converse w lil NayNay for some additional entertainment.

We go here once a month for the location and food.
I love the philly cheese fries and the steak salad.
My boyfriend had the ribs last night and they were meaty and flavorful.
Rib special friday!
Service is always excellent.
Very attentive staff.

Great bar.
Great hang out spot and food is constantly good.
Try the steak nachos

Friday night hike in Vegas heat and it is suggested that we take refreshments at John Cutter, the nearest bar to Red Rock Canyon.
I've driven by many times but never been tempted to go in, probably because of the location in a sleepy shopping area anchored by Albertsons.
It's quite cool inside, high tables , lots of tvs and nice moody lighting.
I'm fascinated by the staff, I have a vision of an interview process that involves the following conversation: Q " Will you wear this very tiny tank top?
"  A " it looks very small......but ok"   "you're hired"  Yes, it's Hooters in the 'burbs'.
A bad thing?
Depends.
Anyway, pots of beers and wines, the food , especially the burgers are huge, Michelle Obama would be seriously p&$/:ed.
I took a chicken flatbread thing with some feta cheese and tomatoes and it was pretty good.
One of the group took some Pot Stickers that looked a little too deeply fried for my liking but she was happy.
Other guys took monster burgers and were satisfied.
I don't know what I think......it was ok but we are lucky to live in Vegas with so many choices and a Yelp app, I will try it again.

My updated review is improved.
We went last night on a Monday.
We had an excellent and friendly server.
Our food was amazing, and you will not find a steak like that at any other bar in town.
They are filets that you would find at an upscale restaurant, not what you would expect at a bar at all.
Salad was amazing, everything was.
The only gripe is that I freeze my tush off every time I go here.
I love air conditioning, don't get me wrong.
But, it feels like they have it blowing non-stop on 60 degrees!
But, great food, especially for a bar.
I can't believe others are saying otherwise.

Well first off let me start by sayin i hang out here quite a bit so my review may be biased in the form of the staff, but my food review will be more of an accurate nature i presume..
I personally love the atmosphere of the place and find it to be a great all around place to go for lunch,dinner or just having drinks at the bar or hangin on the patio.. All the girls that work there are awesome and do their jobs well..
They got a lot of heat for it being all girls that work there but whatever, they make it work well.. Now for the food..
The menu recently changed and i haven't had everything on it yet but what i have had i have enjoyed, the real hallmark of the place is their staeks and on Sunday they have them half price, which is well worth every penny u pay..
The salads are good and i enjoy the caesar there quite often with chicken or without and i have yet to be dissapointed.. On Tuesdays they have huge burgers for half price that come with fries and it is a huge meal and they are very good..!!
The happy hour is better than it used to be and all in all the place is a fun bar/restaraunt with really good food and a great vibe with good people hangin around..
The gambling is good and i see people winning all the time, so do yourself a favor and give this place a try asap..!!

Great Mexican food-- shocking coming from a bar.
Nice outside patio and good selection of cold beers.

I have been to John Cutter's several times, usually take-out.
I love their steaks, cheeseburgars and salad's.
The staff has always been fast and friendly!!

What a cool bar.
The bartenders and staff were very friendly, the food was delicious, and the place has a great small dive bar feel, although it's really very nice.
I'll definitely be returning to this spot!

To start with, be aware that the online menu is wrong.
The price for a 18oz Rib Eye is not $24.00, it's $32.00.
Big difference  than the price expected.
My wife and I ordered 2 rib eye's to be cooked rare to medium rare.
They were cooked medium well and medium well to well done.
Very disappointed in that.
The steak had great flavor.
The service was fair.
Not very attentive.
All in all not really happy about my first time at John Cutter but will go back and make sure that I order a raw to rare steak and that way I can send back to cook a little more if necessary.
The salad which is not included was excellent

We LOVE John Cutter!
Nice neighborhood grill .
bar .
eatery .
with a little patio!
Parking is easy, line is never very bad, food is pretty good!
Atmosphere is comfortable for hanging out with friends or family and there are TVs for your viewing pleasure.
Video poker if you like.
I asked the waitress if kids were ok since their is gaming about 3 feet away from the tables and she said, "Yes, because there's no smoking".
I'm not sure about the answer, but nonetheless, we did take our kids once and had no problems.
The food here is great - I have no complaints, but haven't tried the ribs or steak which seem to be less than perfect, but their sandwiches, breakfast and salads are great!!
I do know the nachos, wings, wraps keep me happy as pie!
And they do have happy hour specials and football specials too!
The wait staff is hit n miss -- we've been there close to a dozen times.
I'd like to say it depends on the day and time of day, but it doesn't.
Some times they are polite, attentive and remember what you tell them, other times, there are other clients (male) that are obviously of a higher priority than you and your service.
But, rarely do I avoid a restaurant with good ambiance, good prices and great food simply because she likes him better .
I'm ok with that.
Check it out!

Going through the reviews written about JC's surprises me, I suppose the main complaints are for the music and cute waitresses ... All I can say is the times I've been in I didn't notice bad music but that's probably because the people I was with were enjoying our conversation and the atmosphere in JC's.

The food is good, but that's the only redeeming quality.
The seating  is cramped, you will always get bumped into by one of their obnoxious "regulars".
The waitresses will never get your order right unless you just order fries, and even then she will get you the wrong kind of beer.
The waitress is more concerned about getting you out of there than trying to up sell on dessert or another round of drinks.
Don't bother bringing ANY kind of coupons or gift certificates, the staff will argue with you about accepting them (don't bother telling me that I didn't read the conditions on the coupons, I did read and totally understood that you cannot use coupons during happy hour, we ordered food AFTER happy hour and our coupons were still not accepted).
And lastly, I want to add that I worked in a couple local bar/restaurants and currently work as a waitress in a major strip casino, so I am very forgiving with any wait staff that I come across, and already have the mentality that "the customer is always wrong", but the staff is horrible and rude.
Mark Riche's and the Chinese place next door are WAY more friendly and appreciative of your business.

This is from a visit about a month ago.
I had a burger and a couple beers and my wife had a chicken flat-bread and a couple cocktails.
My fries were limp and overdone and the burger was lukewarm when served.
My wife's food quality OK.
The one thing that stood out was the lack of any urgency whatever to service.
I didn't time the wait staff or anything like that, but there were delays being seated, getting a menu, getting drink reorders, getting food orders from the kitchen, and finally, getting a check.
It was very obvious to me that the slot players and a couple "regulars" got a ton of attention and prompt service from the staff---everyone else, not so much.
Docked Mr. John a star for crappy service.
Even though I live close, there are so many consistently better neighborhood joints and I won't choose to return.

Hehe, Hooters in the Burbs.
I read another review stating this and I couldn't agree more, except the waitresses at a real Hooters are usually much more fun.
I live around the corner and yet I rarely go because of this factor.
I've only ever been with my husband and we would both much sooner drive down the road to Red Rock.
The food is hit or miss.
The drinks are expensive.
I am giving this two stars instead of one because the last time I went the sandwich I ordered was pretty good and the waitress was actually very friendly.
Maybe they're turning things around.

I've eaten here a ton, as it's one of the closest spots to home.
The food is consistently good, and unlike several of the reviewers here, I'd say the service is consistently good.
They seem to be overstaffed as opposed to understaffed most times we go - and that's a positive.
What to order when you are there?
Sundays are 1/2 price steak night - the steaks are as good as you'll find anywhere for the price (here's a hint...don't order a steak anything but medium or medium rare - you'll kill it, at home or at any restaurant).
Tuesdays are half price burgers - they are big and very good.
The JC salad is very good (two hints - the small portion is huge, but order it on a large plate, and ask for extra pine nuts!).
Breakfast is only served on weekends - if you go, order the French Toast....it's awesome.

The location is great and the staff is fun/flirty.
The food is never frozen and one can tell the difference.
Its a cool little locals bar.
Fun to watch a game at or chill on the pation in the spring.
Check it out.

Since we heard about this place, we decided to give it a try.
The wait time was bad because they had their hostess clearing tables, taking to-go orders, picking up the phone, and rearranging tables to accommodate parties.
Where are your bussers, John Cutter restaurant owners?
Not exactly efficient.
This restaurant surprisingly saved its butt though.
The food was good...good enough that we'd be willing to give it another shot.
I'm just praying this poor little hostess doesn't end up doing all that work again.
They need to figure something out about a waiting area or a way of creating a virtual waiting list.

I came here for the Saturday afternoon live music, which was awesome.
The atmosphere was serene.
I didn't order any food.
I had two ranger IPAs which were 5.50 each, pretty standard price.
Service was good, though I wasn't too aware.
I highly recommend patio seating with live music in the summer, anywhere.

This place is right on the corner so we can walk to it and end up eating here fairly frequently.
My first impression was that I loved the decor: awesome wood bar, dark and cool inside.
For a while I was sort of turned off by the service- it is not exceptional, but some of the servers are actually growing on me.
The food is definitely hit or miss.
The chicken sandwich and JC salad are great.
Steak salad is unique but tasty.
The Mexican portion of the menu is really not good.
Drinks are average.
I am giving it four stars because it is a good local effort and we enjoy sitting out on the patio with a drink on a lazy weekend afternoon.
It's definitely nice to have in the neighborhood.
Other restaurants nearby, while good, are more family focused- so this is a little break from kids if you need it.

Decent atmosphere, but interior is very crowded with the table spacing.
It was not crowded when we were there, but I can imagine with a full load, it would be tough to move around.
Food was decent, but nothing spectacular.
I had a burger; my wife had chicken marsala, which was more like pasta with a couple chunks of marsala-flavored chicken.
Prices a bit high, but somewhat expected for this part of town.
Service was very good, however: attentive and friendly.
Staff split a Caesar salad and an entree for another couple without additional upcharge, which was nice.
Short answer: I would return if I were close by, but would not drive very far to get here.

No draft beer is a drag.
I like the $6 burger Tuesday lunch special.
The house salad is good too.
The waitresses are nice to look at but it is hit or miss with service.
I go about once a week but they never seem to remember me; interesting for a neighborhood grill.
I have been a few times on Sunday during football season.
A great steak and side for $13...cannot beat that!

Just an update -- Don't stop in for a great burger - or base any future visits - on their burgers .
went there last week for 1/2 off burger night and was immensely disappointed!
Their burgers are hard to finish -- dry, hard patty and a huge fluffy bun!
Luckily I did order mine with a JC Salad which is tops on my list, so I was okay with just half the buger and the salad.
I've always wanted to try their 1/2 off burger night, but even for $6, I'm not sure I'd do it again!

Yeah... this is an interesting place.
It is kind of like Hooters, Summerlin version.
The service is friendly, in a valley-girl, blonde, "Oh my god, this is the best ever!
" kind of way.
It was a little weird, slightly off putting after awhile.
However, she did the YMCA, so I guess I'll give her points for that.
As far as the food, it was alright.
Nothing spectacular.
The Asian Inspired (deep fried) spring rolls were pretty spicy, but tasted ok. My friend's nachos had a long, blonde hair in it.
Gross.
It was replaced.
The wings were pretty salty.
The chicken flatbread- not bad.
So, like the service, food is hit or miss.
However, I hear the Sunday steak specials are good- half off all steaks!
So, while I'm in no hurry to return, I guess I wouldn't purposefully avoid it, either.

This is my Sunday Funday dining spot.
I must clarify by saying I have only been here on Sunday, which is when they have their all day 1/2 price steak special.
I am actually on the brink of being a vegetarian, but John Cutters maintains that I never make the actual leap by luring me with its delicious cuts of never frozen meats.
I die a little inside with each bite of my petite medium done steak and whisper it words in romantic Italian.
Okay okay, so I also highly recommend the JC salad.
The inside is small and dark with lots of dark wood decor, so keep that in mind when deciding what kind of ambiance you want to have for your meal.
If you want something brighter and more cheery you are in luck!
Recently they put in an outdoor patio dining area.
This place holds lots of potential to be a great date spot, but not on Sundays.
It gets pretty busy and you are only able to make reservations for 6 or more.
Drinks are always good, but pricey.
Tall cans of PBR are a steal.
Kudos to the hiring manager!
The staff is super friendly and they are all adorable.
They also remember your usual food and drink order.
Only once did I have a server (Iv never seen her again) that I really wished would do us all a real service and finish up her GED.

We often frequent John Cutter after a morning hike out at Red Rock on the weekend because of its convenient location and good food.
Okay, okay....I guess you can say that the female servers (the JC Girls) that they have there is another reason why we visit!
Here are some more thoughts on this local pub/sports bar.....
THE DECOR (3 out of 5) This tavern is usually dimly lit and has the blinds closed to most likely provide for better viewing of the flat screen TVs.
There are a few booths on one wall, a long bar with seating and in the middle are probably at least a dozen or so high tables.
Fortunately whenever we've gone there the place hasn't been packed because its a little hard to maneuver through the high tables area when and with a full house I'm sure that would make it even harder to get around.
I would think that they should remove one or two of the high tables to provide for a little roomier feel.....instead of being packed like little sardines in a can.
THE FOOD (4 out of 5) What really has us coming back is the food.
They have a good Philly cheesesteak sandwich (including a breakfast version with eggs), and when there are football games playing, they will usually have several specials going on.
So it's really worth it if you're there during football season.
THE SERVICE (3 out of 5) Okay, this is a really hit and miss one with John Cutter.
Sometimes the service is great with our server being on the ball to see if we need anything else.
However, there are times that we've had to wait several minutes to get refills on our drinks.
And no, those haven't been times when the place is packed.
I just think that the servers need to walk through the dining area every so often to make sure that you've got everything that you need.
OVERALL (3 out of 5) John Cutter is still worth stopping by on your next trip out to Red Rock Canyon.
But I really think that there are some simple things that they could do to make it a more pleasurable experience.

Kristie & Jenny were helping us out tonight, worst bartenders we have experienced at this place.
We had a comp for our anniversary and they couldn't figure out what to do with it.
Jenny was new and didnt know what to do with our comp but Kristie argued with us when we got our bill about the comp.
we had been gambling all night, she finally informed us that 'everywhere in Vegas is the same and you need to out 20 in the machine to get comped'  we weren't looking for our tab to be comped but we were playing at the bar and an extra drink would be nice here and there considering we ARE Locals.
I also have to complain about the food.
We ordered the queso fundido and it can out cold.
I stuck my finger to the boton if the bowl and it was not hot!
I was yoo aftaid to send it back for fear they would spit in my food.
Too bad this place is so close to the house.
I finally remember why I only visit once a year.
Kristie & Jenny were helping us out tonight, worst bartenders we have experienced at this place.
We had a comp for our anniversary and they couldn't figure out what to do with it.
Jenny was new and didnt know what to do with our comp but Kristie argued with us when we got our bill about the comp.
we had been gambling all night, she finally informed us that 'everywhere in Vegas is the same and you need to out 20 in the machine to get comped'  we weren't looking for our tab to be comped but we were playing at the bar and an extra drink would be nice here and there considering we ARE Locals.
I also have to complain about the food.
We ordered the queso fundido and it can out cold.
I stuck my finger to the boton if the bowl and it was not hot!
I was yoo aftaid to send it back for fear they would spit in my food.
Too bad this place is so close to the house.
I finally remember why I only visit once a year.

Sunday's need i say more......1/2 price steaks yes i said more :)

The Mexican menu is rad.
The JC Wet Burrito is amazing...
Highly recommend it.
Try the chips and salsa as well but be warned...
The salsa is no joke.

The live music was great but the food was way to expensive for lunch.
I came there with my girlfriend and paid $15 for an okay sandwich.
Management and staff were great and overall atmosphere.
PLEASE do a Lunch Special!

Just wondering- do owners/ managers ever read Yelp reviews??
Because diners certainly do!
This town is notorious for being a chain Mecca- ugh.
I love going to restaurants that aren't.
We tried this bar/bistro on a groupon.
Have you ever had Denny's ?
That's about it.
1980's called- they want their Denver omelette back.
A slice of watermelon & orange accompanied this fine plate along with a 1/4 cup of frozen hash brown potatoes billed as "home fries".
Jesus people.
If you want to open a restaurant, watch a few episodes of "master chef" first.
No bueno.
Service was ok, but a great way to increase your bill, and hence your tip, is to ask your table if they'd like another drink when their glasses are empty.
This reflects on management- train your servers.
Obviously you're hiring for their looks rather than motivational skills so just tell them.
Unfortunately, won't be back.
Vegas- don't be do greedy about the gambling revenue- we like good food too- and this is not it.

The food was fantastic!
Steak done perfectly and the fact is was half price made it taste better.
The space is "cozy".....that's code for tiny and crowded.
Still, the food was so good that it didn't really matter.
The only bad thing I have to say is our waitress's breath was so bad I could see it!
I was literally leaning away from her it was horrible!
Please ladies, if you smoke, brush your teeth before getting that close to a customer!
UGH!

I'm so excited we just found this place in our neighborhood.
We had the soft pretzels, steak salad, and the chicken wrap.
All were delicious.
Very friendly staff and they were even willing to change the tv to our game.
Looking forward to making this a regular place for us!

Service is always HORRIBLE.
They are consistently understaffed and the few waitresses they have seem to be absolutely incompetent.
There is a horrible smell inside the restaurant every time I have been- like there is a broken sewage pipe!?.
The absolutely ONLY redeeming quality this place has is the location.
JOHN CUTTER OWNERS/INVESTORS: Where are you?!
GET THIS PLACE TOGETHER BEFORE YOU GO OUT OF BUSINESS!!!
How many poor reviews and negative feedback do you need before you take action and make improvements?

Love Sunday Night Steak night

My wife and I have been to John Cutters a few times and every time we walk out pleased.
Servers are excellent, bartenders are too.
The food is always good.
Last weekend I had the Mediterranean Chicken Wrap.
It came with a choice of fries or a house salad.
The house salad was AWESOME.
Plus I won $20 while watching the football game at the bar.
I'll be back real soon!

On vacation we stopped for lunch and were pleasantly surprise at the "cool" inside.
It's got a lot of wood and nice ambiance.
Low lights and pub feel to it.
Our server was Sarah and she was very friendly.
She took our drink orders right away and our food order as soon as our drinks arrived.
I had the 1/2 order Philly Fries and my husband had the Filet Mignon Salad.
My Phiily Fries were enough for two people even though it was a half order.
The fries weren't my favorite mi like my fries a bit thinner but they were good nonetheless.
My husband was very happy with his salad.
All in all a good experience.

This is our usual go to spot after hiking Red Rock and I have also walked with my dogs to eat on the patio.
Until this past Sunday I had only had the basics, wraps, burgers, etc.
Basic bar food and drinks.
Nothing amazing but good and the staff is always friendly.
I am always a fan of a place that provides water to my fur babies.
Now, this past Sunday is what made it 4 stars for me.
Their half off steak special!
I mean you can't beat bone in rib eye and a large salad for about $15.
Make sure and sign up for their text coupons as they seem to send them about once a week.

Nice fast stop in for Sunday Breakfast.
Eat at the bar.
Have a Virgin Mary or not so Virgin.
Either way it is a fun stop.

good place to eat and have a drink.
Did well on the machines to.

The best thing I can say about john cutters is I can walk there from my house.
The worst is I haven't in over a year because it wasn't that great a visit.
Food is ok.
It is what it is.
I was hoping it would be better.
I was really hoping that one of the restaurants near home was worth going to.
I'm still waiting and hoping the tapas place is good.
Not high expectations since I heard same owners.
I own a restaurant, so I'm very forgiving of a lot.
I don't mind some lousy service, but if you look at the reviews you have to recognize it's an issue  I'm not a couponer or someone who goes in cause Sunday is half price.
I'll pay for good food.
Actually, if you need to charge more charge more.
Certified angus or not, a good choice steak coming from the right seller to Sysco will blow your steak away.
I buy them for personal use sometimes.
I'm writing review in hopes of improvement.
I know that's highly unlikely.
It's the problem with companies owning all the restaurants instead of a person.
It would be really nice to have a nice restaurant around with someone running it who is financially involved.

John Cutter is a fun little restaurant!
It is totally A-Ok in my book.
Here's why I think it is ok:  1.
Decent size menu with a lot of interesting options.
Lots of your traditional stuff with little twists to make them a bit different from the rest.
We went during breakfast, so I will focus on that for now.
A couple of examples of fun food would be the breakfast quesadilla, crunchy french toast, and a breakfast Philly cheese steak.
I looked over the lunch/dinner menu and it has a lot of things that looked tasty as well.
It isn't a huge menu, but ok overall.
The flavor of the food.
I had the breakfast quesadilla with steak and I was quite pleased.
You get a huge serving because they use the biggest tortillas ever and layer them instead of folding them in half.
The quesadilla was stuffed full of eggs and cheese with an ok share of steak sprinkled throughout.
It could have used a bit more steak, especially for the $5 surcharge to add it, but overall it was pretty good.
The tortillas were crispy and held together nicely, even being stuffed.
My hubby got the crunchy french toast.
It was a fun twist on your average french toast.
It didn't blow my socks off, but it was average.
My hubby really enjoyed it though, for whatever that matters.
The prices.
The prices all seemed to be a $1 or 2 too high on the breakfast menu.
The food was ok and with good sized servings, but it seemed a bit high, especially on the kids menu.
The kid's breakfast is $7 and the lunch/dinner kids menu is $10.
I guess they are going for a more upscale place with the prices, but they just didn't seem to fit.
The interior is pretty, especially right now with the Christmas decoration up.
There were big wreaths along the wall, huge snowflakes everywhere, and even some mistletoe!
It had a rustic cantina look mixed with a bit of modern leather accents.
It really was nicely decorated.
The service is on the mediocre side.
Everyone we talked too was super friendly and polite.
The problem is they were also absent most of the time and a bit on the ditzy side.
My hubby had a cup of coffee that was never refilled or even offered to get a refill, and the same went for my glass of water.
We were checked on about half way through our meal and when the check arrived, but that was it.
I don't think we are demanding, but a refill every now and then is more than reasonable in my book.
So over all, John Cutter has some good things going for it, but it has some misses as well.
The food is tasty, but a bit pricey.
The interior is lovely, but the service level is hit or miss.
When you average everything out, I think 3 stars is a good average.

Do you want to be ignored for an hour or so while you over pay for whatever you order?
Then this place is perfect!
I would seriously give this place zero stars however the food was OK, so I wanted to give the chef some credit because the food was average.
For anyone interested in a authentic "Asian Salad", this place isn't so perfect.
However if instead of "Asian greens" you would like some "shredded iceberg lettuce", and instead of "crispy asian noodles" you would like "dry roasted peanuts from CVS", then this Asian Salad is a real winner!
My fiance and I unfortunately wanted the actual Asian Salad so the iceberg lettuce w/ dry roasted peanuts didn't really hit the spot.
I had a BBQ Chicken sandwich and that was ok, probably the highlight of the meal.
With regard to the service, it went from bad, to worse, to embarrassingly bad, to literally the worst experience we've ever had in Las Vegas.
For example when we were ordering drinks there was probably a 3-4 second pause while deciding, and the waitress barked, "so have you made up your mind or do you just want water?!!!".
There were also numerous other comments at the various stages of the meal that were just not what we're accustom to when we go out to dinner.
How about a "please", a "thank you",  an "is everything ok?
", or a "do you guys need anything?
", etc, etc.
We received none of this,even the check just came flying from out of the corner of my eye as she bolted by before I could order another beer, or we could order dessert!
It felt like this poor girl was a displaced worker of the night who was really just wasn't happy in the service industry....I mean the "food service" industry.
Anyway there are 100000001 places to eat in Vegas where you can get a good meal, good drinks, and good service at a good price, no need to go here unless you are too happy and want to get a little depressed over dinner.
Ron out-

Went in for New years day for a quick bite to eat.
Totally ignored for 15 minutes in the dining area.
Sat ourselves, took our own menus.
Waitress walked by us countless times, not a peep.
Menu looked way over priced anyways.
No thanks John Cutter.

Cutters is nice, but spendy.
The food is good, not great.
Good beer selection.
If the damn place weren't so expensive, I would come here all the time with friends after climbing, as it is very close to my house - could ride my bike there!
Unfortunately, it is a bit spendy for me to become a 'regular' there.

From the attentive, fun bartender, Jillian, to our welcoming waitress, Blondie, to the helpful manager, Kristy, this is a wonderful venue to eat, drink & walk away happy & stuffed.
This is our second Tuesday, half-off burger night & we took most of it home.
Big, juicy burger with all the trimmings with either fries....yes!
or a lovely side salad were thoroughly enjoyed.
Suggestion: have more burger choices!
Although we go to the other restaurants owned by the Corrigans more frequently, we felt that these women make us want to return.
Great all around!

Perfect place to relax after our Red Rock adventures!!
Great drinks and great food.
Definitely try the Philly Fries.
Sit in Sarah's section!
First time having her serve us.
Very friendly and attentive!!
Thanks!

Had a great time talking and eating with friends after Red Rock.
Had the BBQ Chicken Wrap with the salad and both were great!
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because my Coors Light came out in a Tall Boy Can.
But it was still good.
Sarah was our waitress and did a good job as well.

It's been at least a year or two since I've been here.
Used to live nearby.
This place has gone downhill...
ATMOSPHERE: It used to be a quaint little place to grab a nice bite to eat in a quiet, relaxed, upscale place.
It's gotten really tacky since my last visit.
Cheesy decorations everywhere.
Terrible hip hop music (which none of the 7 customers seemed to be enjoying).
The menu looks like a drunk scrapbooker made it...it used to look a lot more professional.
The back page of the menu is dedicated to the "John Cutter Girls", full of pictures of what appears to be the all-female staff in John Cutter tank tops.
When I said tacky, I wasn't kidding (and I'm a male in my thirties...I'm pretty sure I'm the clientele they're targeting and it was tacky to me).
I think maybe the owner of this place is a middle aged, horny guy with no taste.
If not, then maybe they're targeting middle aged, horny guys with no taste for customers.
FOOD: The food was still pretty good.
I ordered the BBQ Chicken Flatbread, one of my old favorites.
It still tastes great but it's a pizza now, not a flatbread.
They should change their menu to reflect that.
I probably wouldn't have ordered nachos if I knew the it was a pizza.
The nachos were just ok, really sparse toppings.
I used to think this place was great.
I talked it up to my girlfriend before we went.
What a letdown.
I doubt I'll go back.
If this place were to lose the tackiness and go back to being a little more upscale and slick, I think it would be better off.
Oh yeah, and I'm pretty sure the bartender was drunk, which just added to the tackiness of the place.

Went for the first time tonight.
Did not like the feel or decor.
Tons of tacky Easter decorations everywhere.
Even without those decorations the bar had a creepy feeling to it.
3 bartenders all with there cell phones in hand texting.
Did not eat but person next to me was eating and it looked good.

Average and overpriced food.
Hit or miss on the friendliness of the bartenders.
And they always seem to do something to piss me off.
From denying my happy hour app pricing 2 minutes after the hour after the bartender ignored me for 10 minutes, to only allowing me to use my expired groupon (when they expire the value just goes down to the amount you paid for it and it kinda turns into a gift card) for breakfast items....I've given this place like 10 shots and really want to end up liking it since I live two blocks away, but it's just not worth it...

Excellent neighborhood hang out place.
Love the Sunday half off steak.
Great service.

We decided to stop by here for lunch after hiking out at Red Rocks Canyon.
We ordered an appetizer of the BBQ Wings.
They came with fries, carrots and celery.
This was the highlight of the meal.
The fries were cooked well, seasoned perfectly, and the wings still had some crunch, and the sauce wasn't over done.
I ordered the Ranch Chicken Sandwich and requested a change of the breaded chicken to grilled, which they accommodated just fine, but the chicken wasn't in one piece.
It was two thin pieces of chicken stacked on top each other, and the one piece was actually two or three laid together.
I needed to keep the toothpick in the bun just to keep the sandwich together to try to eat it.
Eventually, I gave up on the bun and just started cutting the chicken with a knife and ate it with a fork.
I chose the salad for the side, since we already had fries with our app.
I asked for ranch instead of the champagne vinaigrette because I was unsure if it would be too much, but the cooks made it the same as usual out of habit.
The salad was overwhelmingly coated in the dressing, and they loaded it with so much feta cheese that the flavor was too much to handle.
I would have preferred the spring mix with ranch and nothing else compared to the overloaded and overdone salad that I got.
I also noticed that I wasn't the only person that the cooks didn't pay attention to because another patron of the restaurant had to send their side back because they had asked for something else.
The server we had (it said Blondie on the receipt) was excellent.
Friendly and cheerful, despite feeling overwhelmed from being the only server in the restaurant.
The bartender, Renee, on the other hand, should be fired.
She had an attitude on the floor and was cursing a lot.
I don't care what kind of day you have had, it's inappropriate to act that way while working.
You shouldn't be cursing about the guests either, even if they are people you know.
(One example is, "...get these f*@^ers some fries.
") Totally inappropriate and unprofessional.
She needs a hard dose of reality on how to act in public.

Always a good time to enjoy the fun vibe of this West side gin mill.
Sexy staff, good food and good times always!

We keep going back.
We live 1/2 a mile away.
Meet other local friends there.
Sometimes the food is great, sometimes not so much.
Prices are good.
The girls are cute and funny.
But hell, it's LV, where aren't the waitresses cute and funny.

What kind of a bar and grill has zero beer on tap?
We had the pretzels, philly fries, nachos, and wings.
The pretzels were the only thing that were actually good enough to finish.
Everything else was crappy bar food.
I'm pretty sure my small over breaded wings came from a Tyson bag that they bought at albertsons across the parking lot.
I ate two of them and decided I had a little bit too much self respect for anymore.
The place has a decent atmosphere aside from the random decorations that don't fit in the least.
Not somewhere I'll be going again.

This was my favorite breakfast spot in town, but the new limited menu lost a few of my favorites - including the country fried steak and eggs.
Sadly, that was a deal-breaker.
Let me know if you decide to go back to the old menu.

The food was generally average as far as bar food is concerned but the service, especially the kitchen speed, is well below par.
I will say that we were there for lunch on Father's day but they were not overwhelmingly busy.
Checks came out way out of order and other customers were also audibly upset with the slowness of the kitchen,  45 minutes for chicken nuggets, steak and eggs a wrap and a philly is WAY too long, even if you are busy.
The "OOOpps sorry bout that " wait staff with no skills in dealing with customer complaints is why I won't be back.

The food is decent, but that is if you can actually get service once seated, and if you get service it comes with a lot of bad attitude!
I'd recommend skipping this place!

We decided to go here because they are part of the Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards Dining program (we wanted the points).
We went about 5pm Saturday night and there were only a few people in the restaurant.
They told us to sit anywhere so we chose a booth.
The waitress came right over and took our drink order.
I needed a couple minutes to look at the menu so she said she would come back.
When she brought or drinks we ordered.
Didn't take long for the food to arrive.
BBQ chicken sandwich for me and philly cheese steak for hubby (he got the full and it was huge).
Food was good.
The staff was great.

