this is a great starbucks.
I drive through at least 3 times a week always get great service.
also a great place to sit and do homework, great people, great coffee :) near desert ridge!

Aces!
No complaints good or bad.
Usually pretty busy inside like most Starbucks, as far as seating.

It's Starbucks.
At this particular location though, if the drive through is busy, just go inside...
It'll be quicker, I promise.

Meh, I've experienced much better...  We used to frequent this Star Bucks a lot until Press Coffee opened near by.
We wanted to top off a great evening with a nice cup of Joe and Press Coffee was closed at 7pm and it was 7:30pm, oh no.... so we stopped by Star Bucks.
The service started off as a standard Star Bucks, quick to greet, though missing the smile this time, and ready to make what ever caffeinated concoction your craving for.
Coffee #1 ~ decaf and sugar free vanilla syrup.
Barista stated, "we are out to decaf, would regular coffee be ok?
" What??
No, we would like a decaf please.
Barista, "that will take 10 mins, so you will need to wait".
We asked, why are you out of decaf?
Barista, "we stop making decaf earlier in the day".
We did not want to wait so we opted for a leaded brew.
Coffee #2 ~ regular coffee with sugar free caramel.
I watched the Barista and noticed she used the white pump for the sugar free vanilla and the brown pump for the sugar free caramel.
Star Bucks used one collar for sugar free and the other for sugared syrups.
As she poured our coffee I asked her to please make sure she gave us sugar free and not sugar.
I noticed you used both colored pumps.
Barista, snippy ~ "we don't separate our flavorings like the other Star Bucks".
She then dumped our coffee's out and using the same cups proceeded to use the same pumps again...
So we got both coffee's and proceeded to the cream bar and there was no cream...
So I asked a different barista for some cream.
She stated, "here ya go" and placed a gallon carton of cream on the bar and walked off.
Wowsers!
The coffee tasted burned as though it had been sitting there a while and we were for sure if we were drinking sugar free.
No sugar comma later so we are ok and don't plan to go back to this Star Bucks for a while...

Drive-thru is rather quick at 5:30am in the morning and the barista was quite cheery for such an early hour -- completely different experience that the inside for a past few visits.
Just goes to show that a good experienced barista can make all the difference in the world!
Will Drive-thru again soon!

By far the slowest Starbucks I have been to.
I have been here many times and i am always amazed at how long it takes to get in and out.
I live right up the street so hard to avoid but I definitely make a point to go to other locations if I am driving by one.
Just now, there was one person in front of me ordering a breakfast sandwich.
From the time I walked in the door, it took 11 minutes to get an iced coffee in my hand.
I like Starbucks because I know what I am getting, but really dont enjoy going to this one in particular.

Just a suggestion, but smile people!
Really, it makes the customer service experience better and not make people feel like spawn coming in for coffee.
Not sure if it was an off day here with the staff but talk about a unhappy group of people!
My coffee otherwise rocked!
Perfectly hot just how I like it!

It's a Starbucks: they burn the coffee beans and use really artificial flavors but I'm addicted and so are you so we all grumble and pretend to be coffee aficionados while take the mediocre drinks on our daily commutes.
They never mess up my drink here but the wait is horrendous.
Like, expect to wait 10 minutes for your drink when you're the only one in the drive-thru.
If there are people in front of you you'd better have a lot of extra time or hope  you don't care if you're late.
Another annoyance is the design of the drive-thru window with the curb.
It's set like 3 feet back so when you pull up to pay/get your coffee you have to reeaaalllly reach out your window and even then you barely grasp the barista's hand to exchange money and get your beverage(s).
I go here everyday because it's the only drive-thru right by my house.
But I complain every time I do.

The staff are great and fast... and the drinks are good as usual!

love coffee, recently started drinking it so i go here a lot.
close by my house whcih is a big plus since its the only drive through starbucks close by me.
i only gave it 4 stars because of the huge lines it gets.
and when there is a long line the employees always take forever to make drinks.
i went here at around 3 today and there was about 4 or 5 cars in front of me and the employees were slow and rushed me right when i got my drink from the drive through.

I may have had the worst cup of coffee at this Starbucks.
This visit made me make a commitment not to schedule any business meetings at any Starbucks again.

Love Starubucks coffee but hate this location.
Always extremely busy and the people working at this particular one are always so rude and short with customers.
Will go out of my way to go to another Starbucks that offers a more pleasant experience.

Very busy location, even the drive thru always has a line!
This Starbucks is probably not the best location to go to if you are in a big hurry.
Its hard to find a close parking spot.
Its also more difficult to get in and out of this particular stripmall because Tatum is usually packed.
Go to the light if you need to turn left!
The baristas have always been pleasant to deal with here.
One even took the time to look up the ingredients a a smoothie for me, so very accommodating.
I will say their bathrooms at this one seem to always appear dirty, yuck!

Bad service.
Always out of stuff on a busy morning.... How can you run out of bold blend at 7:30 am.
This is my third tint it happens.
No sincere apology or offer a free drink for next time...

I give this location no stars cuz they are horrible at there job took them 15 min to make a latte and my girlfriends iced coffee taste horrible!

This was our first time to this particular location and as the other reviews state - it was slammed both inside and in the drive-thru.
Took about ten minutes to get through the line, with about six people in front of me and about eight workers behind the counter.
They also don't seem to have any storage in their back room, since they had well over 20 merchandise boxes sitting around the the store and unopened.
They also had a large pastry metal cart with single wrapped pastries sitting on them.
The poor staff looked highly stressed and the cashier wasn't overly friendly, but wasn't rude or mean either.
My drink order was correct and tasted just like it should though, and let's be honest - at the end of the day, isn't that all that you really want from your coffee?
Overall: B It's a busy location with staff under pressure to get through lines and lots of seasonal merchandise to put on display.
It wasn't an exceptional experience, but it wasn't bad either!
Still the good coffee I was expecting to get - so all is right in the world.

I ordered a venti iced Americano!
Weak tasting no flavor.
When I spoke with the server she told me it was prepared right.
I told her it tasted weak did they use fresh beans?
She continued to give me an excuse and that it was prepared correctly.
It tastes barely like an iced coffee.
Finally as a last resort she weakly offered to make me another.
I could tell it would just be the same.
No thanks and I will not be back!

This place is terrible.
They are always unprepared, slow and just unpleasant to do business with.
I am an avid starbucks customer and this is the worst location I have ever visited.

I absolutely love this Starbucks location!
I come here almost every morning.
The drive through can be a little long at times but inside is never a long wait.
The workers are so nice and outgoing!
Love this place!
Easy 5 stars!

Decent coffee consistently, but suuuuper busy a lot of the time which means long waits.
Actually, with just a few cars, the drive through is sometimes still very slow.
I've also gotten the wrong drink on a driving order.
A cappuccino is not a macchiato.
Cinnamon dolce isn't white mocha.

ugh if they could get the drink right more than once it would be okay  it's like they don't even care - next oh is your drink wrong sorry - next what you want me to make it right - next please wait again while I remake it after all these other drinks - next

Most Starbuck are pretty much the same.
All have the same menu for the most part.
The difference between them rely on the location on the way the seating is set up.
Pros: Big parking lot, good use of space available without feeling crammed, 3 lounge chairs with counter for drinks.
Unlimited use of wifi, right off the 101, outside seating  Cons: Expensive lunch ( if you plan on grabbing food, do it before), only two decent size table for workspace, Hard to see the location off Tatum ( this is probably more cuz of city/ complex rules with marking the building with a sign).
The parking is hard to find.
I got lucky finding the only spot right up front.
Overall: All Starbucks are pretty much the same, this location is conveniently off the freeway, however lack of multi use tables for laptop work is a slight bummer.
So I give it a four stars.
They did however have great customer service.
They did a pour-over for my favorite blend Blonde Roast.

Still awful.
Getting worse somehow.
Still storing boxed inventory on the restaurant floor.
Still regularly messing up orders.
Still treating customers rudely.

They always make a great white chocolate mocha but the drive thru can be a little slow.

