This is by far one of the best subways I've ever been to!
9 times out of 10, you go into subway, order a sandwich, and the employees either do a poor job of making the sandwich or they skimp on ingredients bc their bosses are cheap bastards!
This Subway has a fun, laid back manager, and cheerful employees that make a BOMB sandwich every time, thus restoring my faith in Subway!
They are true sandwich artists!

This Subway is the one closest to where I live and where I work, so I frequent it often when I need a quick bite to eat.
I'm a big fan of Subway in general, the quality of their sandwiches is great for how cheap they are.
I can go to Subway and always know what I'm going to get and that I don't have to worry about it tasting good.
I see no reason to really review a chain as big as Subway on Yelp, however this specific location has compelled me to write a review.
This location is the best Subway I've been to.
Everytime I go, I am blown away by how friendly the staff is....every single one of them.
The lines at lunch are generally long and they get very busy, but not for a single moment do the employees lose their smiles.
It's pleasant going to a chain fast food restaurant and having such great service.

Yummy subs and good week day staff.
The weekend staff is not so friendly.

Best Subway anywhere.
Super-friendly staff and always really clean!

This location has the worst employees I have seen at any Subway location ever.
They all seem super bummed out to be there and waiting on their next break.
Not very pleasant or friendly.
I keep going back since I work right next door, and plus, Subway is always a good easy lunch no matter what location.

So hungry!
Satisfied

This location is the best  The staff are amazing  Bella, Andrew,  Garrett, Michael,  and the  Guy who took my phone order tonight.
Can you tell that I frequent this spot?
The store is spotless!
The food is always fresh and served with a smile    The subs were spot on,  as usual   Keep up the great work

@ Subway on Mayo...meh...dont need to come back.
Bread was stale, ingredients tasted less than fresh.
Counter person less than friendly.
Menu is way too crowded and confusing.
Hard to navigate the lunch specials...especially for an old guy.
;-) Maybe they dont want us here..;-)

