The original and first location of Patty's Closet.
The first time I shopped here the staff was more than helpful.
The prices are amazing!
For all of you Cali girls, it's definitely worth a visit because I always go out in my Patty's clothes and never see them on anyone else and always get compliments.
My friend and I always make it a point to shop at both of the locations since they both carry different clothes and accessories which makes the Patty's Closet experience that much more fun!
Each item in the store is hand selected by Patty herself and she buys in limited quantities.
The only downside is that there are only a couple of sizes for each item since she doesn't buy in bulk.
So if they don't have your size than you're out of luck, but no worries between both stores I'm sure you'll find something.
I highly recommend this place for its great deals, fashionable clothes and impeccable service!

I love shopping here!
The owners are very helpful and the selection is awesome.
I try to shop at both shops when I am in town because their clothes are sooo cute and so affordable.
I cant wait to come back and shop again.

The first time I went to this location was about a year ago, some friends went to get food in the same shopping center.
Our boyfriends were outside talking about video games, so we decided to check out Patty's Closet.
Living in Vegas & seeing all the girls wearing the same stuff from Forever 21 or Charlotte Russe, Patty's Closet is definitely a good place to go shopping for any occasion.
I go there to find dresses & tops for the clubs.
Every time I go in the staff is very friendly & even offer to take clothes off of the displays :) The prices are good, ranging around $20-30 for dresses.
I love the decor & setup!
It's easy to find what you want because it's usually sorted by color.
If you don't see anything at this location, there's another location no more than five minutes away.

I love Pattys Closet!

I have worked in retail before (prior to becoming an accountant).
I have worked at GAP, Anchor Blue, Club Monaco, and Bebe.
And from my opinion, any woman who loves to shop is doing themselves a disfavor by shopping at stores like Express, Bebe, Guess and even Forever 21 and not going to Patty's closet.
Patty and her staff are excellent at choosing the clothes for their stores.
Again, I have worked at Bebe... and even with the Bebe discount... you would still be paying double (if not triple) the prices of Patty's Closet for either the same clothes or very similar styles.
To give you an example, Bebe now carries the Kardashian line.
One of those dresses, I bought with an employee discount (which came to about $55) for a fairly plain white cotton dress.
I went to Patty's Closet, and found a very similar dress (in purple) with a bit more design on the shoulders for $30 (and that was without their text msg discount... which they send weekly!).
The store is well boutique'd and all stores carry very different styles.
And trust me when I say, when that 30% discount text comes through, I literally go to every store!
Word of advice as well, I would go during the weekdays (because they receive their shipments during the weekdays), because by then time the weekend hits, your size could be gone.

I love Patty's Closet.
Patty and Juan are two of the nicest people you ever are so fortunate to meet.
They are so helpful and I love the fact all their clothes are different.
Patty does amazing jewlery as well.
You cant go wrong the prices are great and I LOVE THE decor!!!!

This boutique is absolutely FAB.....Patty and Juan the owners are truely amazing people and there store and staff are the same....You get the hottest trends for amazing prices!
Go check them out!!!

I happened across this little clothing boutique several years ago and stopped in out of curiousity.
Don't let its unassuming exterior fool you.
Inside is a treasure of fabulous finds.
Despite the poor economy, this business has expanded to include 4 total stores since I discovered it (including Voluptuous, a boutique that carries amazing accessories and plus-sizes).
But it doesn't surprise me that they have done so well.
I think they've been successful for two main reasons:  -The owners Patty and Juan are awesome.
They take the time to get to know you and they understand how to keep customers coming back.
Great customer service is instilled in their staff.
They all provide a comfortable personalized shopping experience and it  really makes this place special.
-The concept is genius.
There are a limited amount of sizes of each clothing item (usually 2 small, 2 medium, 2 large).
Once they are gone, they're gone.
And they have new shipments in practically every week.
To add to the variety.
each location carries different items.
So the variety and the exclusiveness of the clothing keeps you visiting each store and coming back for more.
And don't forget to join their text club!
They send out weekly texts for you to enjoy when you visit.

Best place to go to when you need a go out dress.
I've also collected lots of sundresses and comfy clothes to compliment my warbdrobe.
Owners Juan and Patty are amazing people and are always wanting to help you out.
Some clothes can be a lil too girlie or tweenie for my taste, but I'm always guaranteed to find some trendy, unique clothes that I won't see every other female wearing!
Pl,us lots of costume jewelry to play around with.
I love Patty!!

I just wanted to put this out there so if you are thinking about driving clear across town to visit one of these stores(like I did), you do so with a little more info.
First let me just say this store is a great little boutique run by a local family.
They are very nice and welcome everyone as they walk in and chat everyone up.
The merchandise is all really unique and they only get 1 or 2 of each size, S,M,L, so you are not likely to run into someone in the same dress..gasp!
Also all the stores have different stock.
Oh, and great prices too.
For me though, I am 5'10 and a size 8.
Everything is way too short!
I am not into flashing, so this is definitely not for me.
I went in looking for some fun shirts, but they mostly have dresses.
If you are 5'7 or shorter you will just love this place.
One last thing that I did not see posted nor was it verbally said at purchase, there are no refunds.
They only give store credit.
I was kind of upset that it wasn't clear.
Thank goodness my daughter is still short, I will just gift it to her.

Would like to have reviewed this shop - but tried to go during normal business hours  - 40 minutes until closing time and the doors were locked.
There was an employee inside who did not open the doors.
If your hours are going to be posted as such - at least stick to them.
I drove a little farther than I normally would for a clothing store and was undeniably disappointed.

I heared about this little boutique store from my sister years ago.
I  check out this place.
Inside was full of wonderful fabulous things.
Two main reasons: 1.
) The owners: Patty and Juan are awesome people you ever meet.
They and their staff are very welcoming and friendly.
They take the time to know you.
Great customer service by their staff.
)  I like how they set up this place.
Each location has different styles of clothes that they carry.
(so, if you went to another patty's you wouldn't see the same exact styles in the other stores).
There are limited amount of sizes of each clothing item: 2 small, 2 medium and 2 large.
Once they ran out, they're out!!.
They receive new merchandise every practically week.
The variety clothing keeps you visiting very single store and keeps you coming back for more!!!.
This is my new favorite store for all times.
-Don't forget to join their text club!!!.
Which they send out weekly.

This small boutique located in the SW area is amazing.
The store's interior design is very pretty.
It seems like you're walking into a closet full of wonderful clothings !
Many of the clothes sold in this store are "in style".
They have a certain time where they change up the boutique, and add in new clothing.
The dressing rooms are in a great size, and all the clothes are evenly spreaded out.
This store is great for finding outfits, and the workers are always kind  :D

After visiting Patty's Closet, I walked away with a bag full of great clothes and accessories.
Patty, herself, helped me choose my purchase.
She listened to what I liked and found clothes that fit me and my taste.
Great clothes at affordable prices and unwaivering services!
I will go back!

There are three Patty's Closets in Las Vegas, and this one is my favorite.
This location is known as the Pink Store, and pink is my favorite color!
I swear, the owner, Patty Barba, and I must have been twins in a past life.
There is plenty of affordable fashion in a variety of styles - from downtown chic to club girl glamour.
There are even the basics you need to build your wardrobe.
And there is always a $5 sale trunk, that is worth digging through.
And if you're really lucky, you'll find an original Patty Barba-designed one-of-a-kind accessory, like I did.
I got the prettiest feather bib necklace that Patty made by hand for less than $30.
I get compliments on it wherever I go!

So - after having written my first review, the owner Patty actually reached out to me and apologized for the inconvenience I had experienced on the first go-round.
She invited me back to the store personally, which was completely unexpected, so I went ahead and took her up on it.
The store is very cute, nicely decorated, but slightly small in space.
Upon our arrival to the store, we were promptly greeted by both employees in the store.
The first employee asked if we had been to the store before.
Since we had not, she explained how the store "worked".
Clothes that are brought into the store are only brought in in 2 of each size.
This is a nice concept, because not everyone and their mom's are wearing the same stuff you pick out.
Their clothes are also organized by color scheme.
Grabbed a couple of items to try on in a size large, and unfortunately none of the items fit.
So disappointed since the stuff I picked out i thought was really cute.
I'm not obese by any means, best description would be curvy/endowed.
Apparently the clothes are made for those that are about a size 0 up to a max of size 6.
I did peruse the accessories available and did go home with a pair of earrings and a couple rings, so verdict is if I do make it out to Patty's again it will be only for accessories.

Just a quick review, I have yet the chance to buy an item or find a piece of clothing I'd like to buy, but I would vouch for them.
They are a very trendy boutique.
I love the fact that they get new shipment of clothing every Monday's and that they only carry two of very size and clothing.
This is great since it reduces the amount of people who would have the same outfit as you!
I hate going out to the club, or going to class, noticing that five other girls are wearing the same shirt or dress.
It is always a challenge when you try to become an individual with fashion when there's that possibility of someone else replicating it.
Patty's Closet definitely reduces that risk, and I love that.
Their pricing isn't expensive at all!
Expect it to range between $10 to $20 depending on the top.
$30-40 for a coat or jacket.
So the pricing is affordable!
The service is great.
The staff is very approachable, and friendly.
They are so informative as well (the odds of a salesperson choking your neck to purchase something is slim here).
Kudos for Patty's Closet!

I LOVE THIS STORE!!
I really can't say anything more!
JUST GO, IT'S LIKE EVERY GIRL'S DREAM

I love this store!
The selections great.
They have different styles to suit any occasion.
The employees are also very nice and offer to start you a fitting room right away

I love this place!
I come here whenever I go out.
And they always help me find something cute to wear!

I love me some Patty's Closet.
And when I heard about their plans to open a similar store dedicated to shoes, I couldn't contain my excitement.
The store opened last Saturday, along with a new Sparkle location.
These two sit side-by-side, in a row, with the Rainbow Patty's Closet location.
I attended the grand opening and the store did not disappoint.
Heart & Sole by PC has a large variety of fancy footwear ranging from cute flats to spiked high heels.
There were several styles of trendy boots as well, just in time for fall.
This shoe store continues with the Patty's closet theme in price and stock.
They plan to receive about two shipments every week, providing a constant rotation of styles.
The prices are also reasonable, so you won't feel so bad wearing those trendy pair of shoes for a single season.
My bank account doesn't appreciate Heart & Sole enabling me and my shopping addiction, but at least I get to wear some pretty new shoes in the process.
Don't forget to text "HEEL" to 96362 to join the mobile text club and to receive weekly promotions.

I've been in here a couple of times now.
Most recently, I was in here at 7PM last night looking for a LBD for my friend's party.
I told the girls form fitting and she grabbed every little itty bitty dress she could find for me.
They did an awesome job and helped me find a belt and jewelry as well as bringing in a dozen pairs of shoes from next door.
They spent one hour with me until closing to help me complete my perfect outfit.
These girls are the sweetest, most flattering, people ever and make the shopper feel super comfortable and beautiful.
I love these ladies & they have made me a life-long client.

Patty's Closet does it again!
This time by opening an all-shoes boutique.
All cute.
And all affordable.
Prices start as low as $15, but I found most were in the $25-$35 range.
From flats to pump, platforms to wedges, boots to booties, you'll find them all!
It's like shoe heaven.
And you won't break your budget at all.
That's the best part.
It's hard not to go crazy in there.
You'll want to buy every single pair.
But when you do find a pair you love, don't put it back and think about it, because once an item is sold out, that's it.
The store only orders a limited number for each style.
So don't miss out, or you'll regret it later.
And the store itself is decorated super cute, too.
You'll end up being inspired to take on some DIY projects at home.
As always, the staff is super helpful, sweet and friendly.
I recommend signing up for the text club and ask for a Heart & Sole discount card while you're there.
Carry it around with you so that you always get your 20% discount!

I have a friend who when she visits from Cali we have to hit as many Patty's as possible.
The salespeople are always really friendly and the clothes are cute.
I like the idea of not having the same thing in every store and only have 2 of each size.
That being said everything runs pretty small and the clothes aren't the greatest quality.
They are super cheap so quality I can understand.
They used to have Voluptuous on Eastern in Henderson.
It went out of business quite awhile ago.
The store was great but I think it wasn't a very good location.
I wish at just one of their stores they would have some larger sizes.
Their accessories and shoes are really cute but I can only look at those so long while my friend is shopping away.
This Patty's has a Sparkle (their accessory store) and a Heart & Sole (their shoe store) next door.
They have 20% off highest item with check in and also give out postcards with 20% off for all 3 stores.
So there is usually a deal to be had.

Just love this place!
Very reasonable prices and I always find something unique (I'm super picky).

I walked in, saw nothing I liked in a quick tour of the store, hated the smell, and walked out.
I suppose this might be worth trying again a different season, but it was a complete strike out for my first visit.
I wish this store would lay off the air freshener.
It chased me out of the store more effectively than anything else could have.

I've been to 4 out of the 6 Patty's Closet locations here in Vegas (this one, Summerlin, Henderson, and Town Square) and this location is my favorite.
The clothing pieces here are more my style of some reason.
Even though there are 6 locations, each store is COMPLETELY DIFFERENT from each other.
You won't find stuff at the Rainbow location at the Summerlin store.
So if you see something that you like in one store, mind as well buy it right then and there because chances are you won't see it next time you visit and it won't be at other Patty's Closet locations.
Last time I was here, I found at least 5-6 items I liked while the other locations, I've only found a single item (IF that) that caught my attention.
I bought two lightweight sweaters here for the upcoming autumn season.
Also saw Patty's husband, Juan, at the store the day I was there.
He was so friendly, started up a conversation with me and his customer service was spot on.
The sales associate was great too.
They attended me; suggesting items and placed everything I want to try on in the fitting room for me but they still gave me enough alone time to browse around.
Be sure to check in whenever you visit any Patty's Closet locations because it gives you a 20% off check in offer on your highest item.

Update to my review as it's been over a year.
I still visit Patty's closet regularly but I have noticed some issues... First, the prices have gone up.
I cannot find any top or dress under $20.
Even T-shirts are $20+.
A lot of the items are way overpriced for the quality you're receiving.
Second, the quality has greatly diminished.
On my last visit, I picked out 10 items to try on.
I really really liked several of these, and wanted to buy them, but they all had construction errors.
One shirt has uneven hems, a dress's pattern was completely off-centered, and one had the seam sticking out on the opposite side.
If I were to cut off this extra fabric, I was afraid it would make a hole.
The dress that had an off-centered pattern, I ended up purchasing the one that had the most centered pattern and getting it taken in more on one side than the other, and now it's fine.
But for $30 for a dress, I at least expect it to be even...
Overall, I'll likely be back to browse but be weary before you buy of the quality and check everything twice.

I find myself shopping more and more at boutiques instead of going to the mall for reasons every person has mentioned in their reviews: I don't like having the same outfit or standout item that matches someone else.
This location of Patty's Closet is located right next to Serenade and since I'm ALWAYS there.. that means I usually stop by here.
It is great to know that business is going well for them since then have now expanded to make room for Sparkle (their jewelry store) and another room just for fab shoes.
I remember this experience the most: I came in on a late Sunday afternoon and Kimberly was the associate that assisted me with everything.
Every few items that I would pick up, she would offer to help place into my fitting room so I wouldn't have to carry it around.
I went to the shoes section and she helped me find me right size (usually I'm a 7, but here I was a 6??
) as well as gave good input on how they looked on me.
After deciding on a pair of strappy heels, it was time to try everything on.
I like their selection of clothes.. You can find casual, dressy/business attire, and Girls Night Out outfits all in one boutique.
During checkout I showed her the Yelp check-in deal on my phone and she told me to text their number for even better discounts!
What is it?
Text "pattys" to 75309  She also slipped in a 20% off coupon for my next purchase as well!
As I was heading out, I noticed that their sign said they closed at 6 PM on Sundays.
I checked my phone and it was 6:28 PM.
I was pretty impressed that she was so patient and assisted me even though it was running into closing hours.
So thanks for that Kimberly!

I had heard about Patty's Closet a couple of years ago, but never checked it out.
I finally made it a point to check it out, because I had been invited to the Picnic (at the Downtown Grand) opening and needed something cute to wear.
I was happily surprised that Patty herself was there, as well as her husband, Juan.
As a small business owner myself, I was happy to meet them and could not believe how humble, thankful, and down-to-earth they are.
As for the store, I love the idea that you most likely won't run into anyone wearing your same outfit.
Just be prepared for a little disappoinment if they've already sold out in your size...I am still dreaming about this maxi dress I saw there and they were out of Smalls.
If you see something you like, jump on it!
As for people mentioning the pricing, it is a little higher than, say, Forever 21.
BUT, I'm so much happier spending my hard-earned money supporting small, local business.
I feel that Patty and Juan are contributing to the local community and I appreciate them so much as a fellow business owner.
I will definitely be back!

I don't have too much to say other than I absolutely love this store.
This is my favorite location, mostly due to it's proximity to my house.
The owners are amazingly sweet and all the staff is helpful and lovely.
The prices are unbeatable and the merchandise is good quality, very fashion forward and on trend.
I love it

