I.Love.This.Place.
Adjacent to Changing Hands Bookstore, this small local change is fantastic, a great accompaniment to CHB and a great location (Guadalupe and McClintock) for a break from errands (or in my case, riding my bike-right around here is usually when I need to take a rest and eat something fast).
Really warm and inviting, it reminds me of a classier Au Bon Pain (you Boston-ites will know what I'm spittin' here).
A fast food restaurant that is tastier, cheaper, and friendlier than most "sit down restaurants".
The set up (going from the entrance from CHB, not the door) is first off a sampling of their bread of the day with either butter or olive oil to dip in.
You have the line with bagels right behind the cashiers, and a small bakery case to look at such good offerings as Chocolate Pumpkin muffins and their scones and cake slices.
It can be a mad house here at lunch time, many people opting to take it to go-their sandwiches go on average 6-8 dollars-but they are huge, fresh and top notch-totally worth the price.
Unfortunately, there isn't a whole lot of meat free or dairy free options for me for lunch right now (they have seasonal menus) but for all you carnivores-DAMN.
Good soups too (I would avoid the weird, mushy tomato bread stuffing on the side and replace with chips-maybe you'll like it but I doubt it).
They also have huge salads and pasta entrees for dinner times.
Their breakfast and coffee is where they shine.
The coffee is available at the self serve and they have a huge container of SOY MILK (yes!!!!!!
) at your disposal.
They can make tons of drinks and have tea as well, so if you're into that, prices seem market.
But you have to try b-fest once here.
Serve till 10am on weekdays, 2pm on weekends, they have stuffed french toast fruit, frittatas, I mean, it is soooooo delicious.
AND FAST.
If you can snag a table.
Essentially you should try to have someone grab a table and tell you what they want since turnover is fast, but there are a LOT of people waiting to snag your seat (so don't linger either-its just kinda rude).
The drill is you order the food, they give you a special flag for the table (if to go, you just wait near the kitchen and coffee kiosk), your coffee cup, you grab the coffee and grab a table and they bring it to you when ready.
Pretty nice!
Oh, and the staff is relentlessy friendly and efficient-I really don't know how they do it.
They do have seating outside that is pretty nice and a "trust" option for their baguettes where you drop money off and grab a fresh one near the door so you don't have to deal with the line.
So grabbing some bread for the week or dinner that night is a fantastic option as well.

this place only gets three stars because of the crowd.
the food is good and not your average breakfast faire, but coming here on a weekend morning is not fun if you're not upper middle class or sporting head to toe matching bicycling gear with your spouse.
if you're tattooed, disheveled or hung over, you'll get stares.
plus the last three times i was there my food came out wrong and/or cold.
bummer.

I like coming here when I want to pretend to read and then do some grocery shopping.
I say pretend to read becase, invariably, I start eaves dropping on people seated near me.
Usually these people are either a) real estate professionals on a lunch meeting or b) families with small children who are saying ridiculous things.
I've also run in to a guy my friend used to date while he is on a date... that was pretty strange.
I like their salads, the breakfast sandwhich with feta, and the portobello sanwhich (on ciabatta, not the recommended bread).
I am in love with the sweet potato sandwhich, but it is huge.
I recommend ordering a half or sharing it... even then it is a lot of sandwhich.
A scone will fill you up for the entire morning and afternoon.
My mom requests a trip to "the place next to the cool bookstore"  whenever she comes to town.
(p.s.
the cool bookstore is Changing Hands... and I agree with my mom -- it is very cool.

I agree with the first comment.
While this place has some pretty good options for food, it has come out bad a couple times.
For example, last time I went I got the harvest apple pork sandwich, and the bread was toasted to such a sharp crisp that it would cut the roof of my mouth and gums.
The pork smelled a little bit haggard as well.
The best things on the menu are the oriental chicken salad and the spinach lasagna dish.
I wouldn't recommend the coffee, but it isnt bad.
For breakfast, this place is terrible.
I ran late to class because the service took forever, and there were only like 3 people in the restaurant.
I got some egg fritter thing that was pretty bad as well.
slightly cold and looked like a collage of breakfast items.
As for the crowd, like the first commenter said, they dont take kindly to the hungover or the grimey looking customer.
I rolled in with moccasins, basketball shorts and a greasy face/head after a night of heavy drinking and got a few stares like I was a vagrant.

I think I like this place more in theory than in reality.
The idea of a great little cafe attached to a great independent bookstore is appealing.
The idea of fresh warm breads, savory soups, and light pasta dishes is even more so.
Unfortunately, this place isn't all roses in reality.
First, it is often annoyingly crowded.
So crowded that you may have to stand around waiting for someone to leave so you can sit and eat your food.
It's also not my crowd.
I'm often the only non-mom in the room.
The quality is also hit and miss.
The Lemon Garlic Penne, most of the time, is an amazing dish.
But a few times (say 3 out of 10), it's been so lemony that could barely finish it.
I also made the mistake of ordering a sandwich (I forget which one) on toasted ciabatta bread.
They sure did toast it.
I stopped after a few bites for fear that I'd lose a tooth.
However, the passion fruit iced tea is great, the soups and pastas are generally excellent.
It makes a great little place to get a bite and study, especially if you're willing to go at an off-time like 4pm rather than 6.

star deducted as my first selection was not available, nor was my second.
so i ended up with a 9 grain bagel, toasted, cream cheese.
and a blackberry orange lemonade.
the bagel was great.
sunflower seeds, rye, and a bunch of stuff i couldn't identify.
the drink was a bit too sugary.
not much lemonade, mostly syrup taste.
my friend and i actually stopped there the other day and got a couple bagels to tide us over for a few days.
they are large bagels.
airy inside, tasty, and crisp crust.
they don't keep for that long.
the breakfast ends at 10am.
the dinner doesn't start until 3pm.
so i was limited to soup or salads as my options, so i went with a bagel.

I always look forward to going out to dinner with my girlfriends here.
I really really really like the roasted sweet potatoe sandwhich, the vegetarian soups, the garlic lemon penne and the butternut squash ravioli.
I have tried the hummos plate and it was just so so.
I went for breakfast once and was impressed as well.

If you've had a wild night at a nightclub and you're looking to get some brunch the next day with a friend to share the details, this restaurant is not the place to do it.
Even if you find a seat here on weekend mornings/afternoons you are right on top of the party next to you, so make sure your conversations are G rated because they will be heard by others.
The Tempe Wildflower gets so busy that I've sometimes left and went to the Chandler Mall location because I know I'd be guaranteed a seat there.
Also, getting in and out of your seat could require repositioning the table and saying "excuse me" more times than you'd like.
It really is tight quarters here.
I don't know if the other locations are the same, but this Wildflower runs out of items on a frequent basis.
It used to be it only served pretzels on Wednesdays and the store would run out by the afternoon.
Now Wildflower serves them daily and they still run out, but the bigger issue is that there's nowhere to heat them.
Anyone who's spent significant time in northeast knows the value of a good hot pretzel.
Wildflower's pretzels are quite good but they come room temp and staff  won't heat them and  only give you the option of the microwave.
Gross.
And where's the mustard?
That's a necessity.
I always take mine to go.
Cookies also run out and we're not talking an hour before closing.
They run out early.
Breakfasts are excellent and although lunch items look delicious, 99.9% of the lunch menu comes with some kind of cheese.
Fruit cups always taste fresh, come with a yogurt and granola drizzle and a slice of carrot cake.
The iced tea is excellent but I've heard mixed reviews on the exotic coffees.
The whole rat race idea to get a table on a weekend takes the pleasure away from your meal (if you can secure a table before your meal comes out).
Advice: Utilize that corner spot in the bookstore where they have those goofy novelty items and add some tables there.
You won't even have to knock a wall down because the two places connect.
With all the free food you give their employees it's the least they can do for you.
It's not like people are crowding that corner of their store to purchase, say, a weiner dog spiral business card holder.
Oh wait, I bought one of those there.
Go to the Chandler Mall location for more room/privacy/personal space.
The food is nearly, I stress nearly, identical.

Well I have been to this place several times in the past.
The past is where my visits will stay.
Visited one last time, got sick and the portion size has gone from too much food to a 3 forkful amount of sides.
Too bad for Changing Hands Book Store- hope their business keeps up in spite of the bad food being served next door.

Wildflower is OK for their food.
Nothing special about it, but it isn't bad either.
There are two main problems with the restaurant.
First the place is always crowded.
I'm not sure if this is because of its location next to Changing Hands or not, but usually weekends are impossible to get a clean table (if one at all).
This Wildflower seems smaller than most I've seen so it could be a local thing with this store.
Second, the crowd that eats there would seem more at home in North Scottsdale than South Tempe.
Personally I would have liked to see something more eclectic next to Changing Hands, but Wildflower is good enough for weekend brunch with your Grandma.

I decided to check out Wildflower Bread Co. while perusing Changing Hands next door.
I tried one of their sandwiches a couple years back and wasn't all that impressed, so I hadn't been back.
This time I had the Chicken Continental which is a grilled chicken breast, swiss cheese, marinated mushrooms, caramelized onion, romaine, tomato and honey mustard on a Ciabatta Roll.
I got the half sandwich, half fruit salad for about $7.50.
I guess I didn't read the menu fully because the fruit salad came with yogurt and granola on top.
It was actually very good and a nice surprise, not too much yogurt.
Sometimes places like to drown the fruit in it.
I appreciate that they use a variety of fruit (watermelon, canteloupe, grapes, pineapple, and melon).
Most places like to skimp out and just give canteloupe and melon with a couple of grapes thrown in for color.
All of it was quite tasty and more filling than I expected.
I thought the bread quality was quite good and the flavors of the sandwich worked together.
I went back a second time within a week because I liked the sandwich so much.
Next time I'll have to branch out and try something else.

I love that I can walk to Wildflower for a nummy fix of comfort food.
I'm a big fan of the butternut squash ravioli, the Carribean Cob salad and the stuffed french toast.
They have this spectacular counter of delicious looking baked goods.
Unfortunately, things tend to dry out.
The cupcakes, on the other hand, are always wonderfully decadent.
In fact, in October, they sold Cupcakes for the Cure and I definitely supported the cause.
The Tempe location is really popular with people in the neighborhood, so getting a table requires patience.

I really like this place.
Their menu is eclectic and healthy for the most part.
Everything seems very fresh and has always been good.
I really like the Turkey Rueben, I can't find a way to order anything else.
I hope this place proliferates to somewhere closer to my house.
It is a little crazy on the weekends, but why complain that a good place is busy?
That means it will stay open!

If anybody finds a better tasting and healthier soup/s than here, please contact me asap...  :D  I happen to be a soup fan (I said soup, not curry damn it !
) and this place is something that I always crave about for soups... Roasted Garlic Tomato... ooooo la la....  Sandwiches are good too (except that I have not tried many)... and needless to say that a variety of bread options are enticing... its not a trend here in the States to eat bread dipped in coffee, but if you are willing to try it, this could the the place....  (apart from your own kitchen ofourse !
)  Overall a nice and tidy place to have healthy and delicious lunch / brunch and a cup of coffee with bread...

oh jeez, how couldn't you like it?
The only thing against it is that when it's crowded, it can get unbearable.
A) It's friggin' cheap.
I gave it one dollar sign but really it sits nicely at about one and a half.
BUT, for that extra half a dollar sign you go from Taco Bell to my girlfriend's nana's mexican food, metaphorically speaking because there aren't really any tacos here.
I hate this cliche, but you get plenty bang for your buck.
B) Not only is it cheap!
Not only are the portions descent, oh no, my friends!
It's actually tasty too!
Step right up and let me shove some sweet pimped out BLT in your mouth for you.
Of course there's nice, crispy bacon, cold ripe tomato's and refreshing, crunchy greens laid upon the savory twelve grain bread (delicious!).
Tambien, there's a nice pesto sauce that does a more than ok job at replacing the mayo usually dripping from my BLT, and thick slices of a kind of sharp cheddar cheese that get's the job done without making it taste like one big chunk of cheese.
YUMMIE!
C) There are so many INTERESTING people, from ditzy ASU girls to Biz-Casual-Boat-Shoes-Wearin-Old-Crankies that are getting pissed because they can't figure out why the table that people just left from is still dirty.
So now they're going to snap their fingers at the poor bus boy to clean up what has now become their rightful spot in the resteraunt because THEY'VE been waitning in line and THEY saw it first so anyone who has anything to say can listen to them be as passive aggresive as possible.
Then they get all snooty and I have something to make fun of for a while longer, it's awesome.
I feel bad for the bus boy and the other employees that have to deal with all the crap, so leave a tip in the tip jar up front for god's sake!
D) I could eat the pancakes every day of my life, but I get fat and broke so I don't.

Yummy!
I've tried only once, but that doesn't mean I'm always tempted when ever I'm at changing hands...The taste of their sandwiches is awesome!
good bread, good service.
Will have to stop by other day for lunch!

I go to this Wildflower a few times a month - usually on Sundays with the Husband.
We're workaholics, so we pack up the laptops, get lunch and work the day away.
There isn't a better atmosphere to work in, and we usually meet some cool people.
The food is fantastic - definitely try the Potato Cream Cheese soup in the winter, and the Carribean Cobb salad in the summer.
FANTASTIC!
Best part : free wifi, and about 6 outlets to plug in and work.
Also, attached to Changing Hands (epic) and across from RedSeven Computers.
I've been to most of the other Wildflowers in town and in Sedona, and this one has the best staff and atmosphere.

I was determined to try local bakeries before submitting to the chain bakeries.
But after going through so much for just a piece of nice bread/pastry, I was ready to give up.
After reading the reviews for this place, I decided to give it a try since I go to Trader Joe's right next door usually anyways.
I tried few pastries to go and every single one of them was really yummy!
*Blueberry cream cheese muffin = YUM *Cheese danish = YUM *Chocolate croissant = YUM *Chocolate palmier = YUM  *Location = good, next to Trader Joe's *Service = good *Price = good  So yeah, I'm definitely going back...I'm done wasting my time to find that special local bakery.

I eat at this place 1-3 times every week and am not close to being tired of it.
There are so many things that I LOVE about Wildflower.
Delicious iced tea, banana walnut pancakes, pastries to die for, toffee cake, lovely caesar salad that is very non-boring for a caesar, shortbread cookies Scotland would be proud of and bloody awesome pesto pasta (all their pasta is great).

The Wildflower seed was planted before I even visited this place.
My wife brought on of their Morning Glory muffins home for me.
Yum.
That got me in the door.
Had to have another Morning Glory muffin.
So when I tried them I also had a small breakfast of eggs and ham which was pretty tasty and reasonable.
And of course I left with another Morning Glory muffin.
I only ate half at a time though.
I'm sure a Morning Glory whole would be pretty fulfilling.
Wildflower is growing on me...
Adding another free wifi place to my list doesn't hurt either.

Solid 3.5, but based on convenience and proximity to Changing Hands and Trader Joe's, it gets the extra half-bump.
Delicious bread boules filled with tasty, filling soup (a meal in themselves), yummy fresh baked goods, refreshing wildflower iced tea (one of the best!
) and of course, their lemon garlic pasta -- perfect balance of lemon, garlic, and ricotta cheese, with lots of spinach and tomato, plus two hefty slices of fresh garlic bread.
I have been known to starve the extra thirty minutes until 3 for this bowl of heaven.
Just be weary of going before or after Changing Hands events, or during the lunch rush or on weekend mornings -- finding a seat for once is hard, but trying to sit with your group?
Forget about it.
Also, they used to give away leftover pastries at the end of the night; not sure if they still do this, but definitely worth asking.

This is a great sandwich/salad place that has great atmosphere.
Last night a friend and I split a grilled sandwich and the best tomato bread salad I've ever had.
Their prices are comparable to that of Paradise, but the food is so much better!
Fresh and flavorful with inspired sandwiches!
Caramelized onions.... need I say more.

My staple here-  Chicken Continental,  Ciabatta bread (loveeee), honey mustard, tomatoes, lettuce, broiled chicken!
(I wish the chicken was actually grilled) The bread and the pungent mustard are my absolute favorite items here, and their fresh OJ is pretty good for a morning snack.
I try to get some extra honey mustard so I can spice up my veggie wraps  I really havent had a bad sandwich here, the bread is pretty solid, the flavors are on- nothing extraordinarily new age or innovative, but its standard, delicious, reliable.

In the Tempe area and need a tasty quick lunch with the bonus of tasty sweets?
Then Wildflower Cafe might be your spot.
I've been twice now and have enjoyed everything I've had.
Today, I got the grilled chicken pesto sandwich and it was tasty.
I actually like everything about it - mushrooms, red peppers, cheese, chicken breast, and bread.
Last time, I got a soup and sandwich combo and it was tasty too.
Both times, the lemon bar has been great!!
Even though I don't live in AZ, I'd recommend Wildflower for a quick, reasonably priced lunch.
Might see ya there.

My wife has been trying to get me to head to Wildflower for some time.
She says she could eat here almost every day.
Both of us finally went here for lunch.
I've been brought into the Wildflower inner circle.
I was impressed by my Roast Beef and Gorgonzola sandwich.
The sandwich tasted great.
This is the best roast beef sandwich I've had.
The roast beef was very tender and had no fat and paired perfectly with the gorgonzola cheese..
The sourdough bread was very tasty and not hard.
The veggies on the sandwich were very fresh and crispy.
As a side, I received a pasta salad.
I typically don't like pasta salad, but this was very good.
I just wish there was more of it.
The side consisted of about 2 forkfuls of pasta.
Even though we went around peak lunch hour, our food was brought to us within 5 minutes of our order.
A sandwich and side is just under $7.
I was very pleased with my lunch.
I'll head back and try some other items in the near future.

My sister and bro-in-law were in town and we were going to meet them for lunch.
It's the weekend before Christmas and they are headed to Jamaica the next day, lucky bums!!
My daughter and I pulled into the parking lot and it was a zoo!
Between the book store, Trader Joe's and Steinmart located in the same strip mall I was thinking we would never find a spot....however, the parking gods smiled upon us and we found something within 5 minutes of pulling in the lot.
The place was busy but the line moved quickly.
I ordered an Oriental Chicken Salad and a bowl Potato Cream Cheese soup.
Both the salad and the soup came with crusty slices of bread, great for dipping in the soup.
Everything was great.
The salad was fresh and crisp and the dressing was the perfect amount.
The soup...well what could be bad about potato cream cheese??
It was delish!!
My daughter got a half sandwich and a chocolate chip cookie that she gave a big thumbs up to after she devoured it.
We picked up a Gingerbread Santa cookie to snack on later.
It had good flavor but was a tad on the stale side.
Would I go back?
You bet!
The soup and salad alone was awesome and I'd like to try more of their baked goods.
I think I'm having a salad craving as I write this....hmmm......maybe I'll go tomorrow........

Lovely cafe/bakery situated next to an excellent bookstore.
Great atmosphere, great service, love their iced tea and potato soup.

I got a taste of the braised beef sandwich at Yelp in Bloom and today was my first chance to try it in its full glory.
There was no way I should've finished the whole thing.
But I did, and true to the sample from Yelp in Bloom, it was delicious!
Beef and mashed potatoes in a sandwich served with au jus and horseradish on the side.
The sandwich also comes with regular and sweet potato chips.
I also enjoyed the blackberry orange lemonade.
The place was quite busy due to the book signing by Chelsea Handler going on next door at Changing Hands, but the workers hustled and the place remained clean and pleasant.
Super friendly service adds to the appeal of this location.

I decided to come here the other day after sampling the food at the Yelp in Bloom event.
I have to say it was just as good as at the event and well worth the trip.
I got the braised beef and mashed potato sandwich just like they sampled at the even and i have to say it was great.
There was a ton of flavor and I loved the rosemary.
The meat was well cooked and for the price it was great.
My only issue was that the meat to potato/bread ratio wasn't the best so it got somewhat sticky when chewing with all of it, especially how thick the bread is.
Just a bit less potato and a bit more meat and it would be perfect.
For the price it is great and this is a place i will revisit for sure.
P.s.
if you plan to shake your drink a bit put a lid on it or it will spill.
But on the plus side the staff won't laugh at you too much when you spill on yourself but Sharon H. will.

Finally got to WFBC after the Yelp in Bloom event today.
Two of the three of us had never been there, so we were a little shocked to see that it was POPPIN'.
Probably didn't help that we were there during the lunch rush (1pm), but whatever.
We went inside, the place is really nice.
The front is a little disorganized, not knowing where the line ended and when people were just waiting to get a drink, but we managed our way to the counter.
We all ordered the braised beef sandwich (lots of variety in our group).
If I hadn't had the sample of that, I'm not sure what I would have ordered since everything sounds so good.
I got the blackberry orange lemonade (BOMB!
) and we scurried to find an open table somewhere.
After finding out that the color and bakery item on your tag tells the staff  who gets what, we all got our sandwiches and dug in.
I have to say that I HATE worcheschtirewhatever sauce, so I quickly avoided that and used up the au juis.
I have to say it was pretty fantastic, plus, though it didn't look like a lot of food, it was very filling.
I would 100% come here again and try out something new.
Plus their pastries looked AMAZING!

This Wildflower is the best one in AZ ask anyone who lives in Tempe!
I used to live right by this location at the Cottonwood apartments and my mom would take me here on special occassions.
I really enjoy this location because the crowd of people that come here are really easy going.
You get really great service at this sit down cafe.
What truly makes Wildflower great?
Their food is really delicious and not processed.
You get quality food and unique recipes.
I loveeee their hot Potato Cream Cheese soup with an order of salad or half a sandwich.
Oh!
That's another great thing about this place.
They give you the freedom to mix match your meal.
You can choose half of a sandwich or salad from their huge variety of menu items  A lot of my friends are vegetarians and this is a great spot if your looking for meat free choices.
SOME OF MY FAVORITE DISHES HERE ARE:  1.
) Butternut Squash Raviloi-I think this one is seasonal.
It's lightly sweetened and melts like butter.
) Potato Cream Cheese soup in a sourdough bread bowl- The hard crust of the roll keep the soup from spilling out.
The inside of the roll is all fluffy and soak in creamy cheesy potato heaven.
) Chinese Chicken Salad- It's a bit sour with the vinegar but the cucumbers and other fresh ingredients balance the tartness of the dressing.
AND CAN YOU SAY BREAKFAST?
DELISH!
what kind of bakery would this be without bomb pastries?
One last thing is the bookstore "Changing Hands" (It is an independent owned bookstore) which is connected to the cafe.
It's great because after you order you can feel free to browse the shop.
They also get great authors to come and speak about their publications.
(Some authors have included Hillary Clinton and  Aron Ralston-Between a Rock and a Hard place) If you ever get a chance to go...Go!
You can thank me later.
Here you will get great bread and books.
Does it really get any better than that?

Oh Wildflower, how I love thee.
In the search for a place to soak up the AC while writting the next great american novel, I came upon this place.
I saw they had free wifi and some comfy looking booths so I decided to step inside.
There is a very distinct, relaxed atmosphere here.
The crowd that comes here is very mixed but still very mellow.
It also helps that this location opens up to Changing Hands Bookstore next door.
Coffee, good food and books seem to go hand in hand.
Then I stepped up to the counter.
My eyes were greeted with a feast of various baked goods.
I looked up at the menu and was pleased with the choices available.
I have had lunch and dinner here.
Everything I have had as been really great.
I especially enjoy their soup in bread bowls.
It's a step above panera bread company for me.
There is just a certain flair there.
I also really enjoy their iced tea.
The only criticism of this place is that there coffee can be a bit bland.
Oh, and I've bought loaves of bread here too.
They were wonderful.
I have spent quite a few hours here working and talking with friends.
This is definately a great place to go.

At first I have pretty hesitant to try Wildflower, but my girlfriend assured me I would be pleased.
In my mind I imagined a hipsters paradise next to the Changing Hands bookstore that I really would disapprove of going to.
Trusting her knowledge of my stomach, I went with her there one night for dinner.
Boy was I wrong.
Wildflower is filled with young professionals, students, and other local members of the community and is pretty anti hipster *phew*.
At the rear of the restaurant is their counter and cashier station.
The counter is filled with such amazing treats, and on wooden shelves behind here are dozens of freshly baked loaves of bread.
The best part is that on fridays they have challah!
For lunch of dinner, I order the 1/2 sandwich and soup special.
While they change their soup selection daily (they usually have around 4 choices), I generally order the chicken noodle and the almond tuna sandwich.
This sandwich is very delicious.
My girlfriend loves their pesto pasta with chicken, but they only serve it during the dinner hours.
For $7.25 you get a great meal that will convince you to come back for more.

good salads.
bread gets stale very quickly, so eat while fresh.

Breakfast and coffee attached to a bookstore.
Wildflower, will you marry me?
This place is consistently the best breakfast around.
Try the two-egg with rosemary-crusted hash browns and fresh-baked toast, but add a short-stack of traditional pancakes.
They're the best in town!
Lunch is great too with tons of fresh sandwiches, salads and soups to choose from.
The green corn chowder and french onion soups are a must.
This place is small.
If you're headed out on a weekend morning and afraid of crowds try the Chandler Mall location, equally as crowded but much larger.
Bon appetit!

Stopped by Wildflower one weekend morning for breakfast.
Even though the place was insanely crowded, the line moved quickly.
All the people behind the counter were friendly and efficient.
I ordered a two egg breakfast with a side of bacon and an orange juice.
When it was ready, someone brought the food out to my table.
The food itself was nothing short of amazing.
Crisp, buttery toast, thick bacon, lightly seasoned potatoes and scrambled eggs that were perfect.
The only reason I wouldn't eat here every day is the price.
If I remember correctly my meal came to around $10.
PROS: Awesome food Friendly and fast service  CONS: Price is a little high  BOTTOM LINE: I'll definitely be coming back!
This place costs about as much as say, Denny's, but the food and service are better.

I would put Wildflower's sandwiches up against just about any other sandwich shop in Tempe.
The toppings are delicious and go far beyond your standard ham or turkey, lettuce or tomato.
But the bread here is the real star, more expensive than a loaf from the supermarket but infinitely more flavorful.
Wash it down with their fresh lemonade, and you will find yourself coming back.
Order this now: Gorgonzola and roast beef sandwich with a cup of potato cream cheese soup

if there was more seating and less people taking up space with their laptops and drinks, this would be 5 stars.
i love this place.
love it.
i always get the ham and swiss with a caesar, aka the "wildflower two".
you can pick whatever you want from a list, but that's mine.
the sandwich has this wonderfully sticky, spicy and sweet honey mustard sauce on it, the swiss is plentiful but not overpowering as swiss can be, and the ham is piled high and it's not bland ham either.
the bread.
the bread is fantastic.
i'm not usually a rye person, but this is really good.
it's pasilla chili rye so it's got a very tiny hint of spice.
the last time i went, i took my mom and she got the seasonal haddock sandwich...it too was utterly fantastic.
needless to say, Matthew and i go here about every 2 weeks.
we know it will always be tasty and prompt.
what we don't know is if there will be any seating!

This is my local Wildflower, and I've been coming here for years.
There's nothing better than picking up a book at Changing Hands and walking next door to grab a cookie and some tea to enjoy it with.
I think the best thing about this Wildflower is the atmosphere.
It has an established feel, it's been there for a while and everyone knows everyone.
The same people are there everyday, and it's really nice.
The potato cream cheese soup in a bread bowl is amazing.
The BLTPlus sandwhich (a BLT with avocado) is my favorite, so delicious!
The only problem with this location vs. the others, is that there are limited outlets -  and I'm a big mobile office person!
I need to be able to get good food, free wifi and a plug for my laptop.
I hope they eventually decide to either (a) expand or (b) add more outlets.

Was here for a quick dinner tonight with Sharon H. as we were both looking for something in Tempe that filled the requirements of quick, healthy and cheap and this was about all the two of us could figure out.
She had the Albacore tuna sandwich and I opted for the Roast beef and Gorgonzola.
Sharon said this and I quote of hers: "This is so good I could eat two of these" and "the almonds just make me want to keep eating.
" That was following an arrival where she said it was too big and she should have gotten a half.
Sadly I was not as impressed with mine.
While solid it was nothing I would crave or devour.
The roast beef was wonderful and not over cooked which is rare but the mayo which it touted as being herb spiced mayo seemed nothing more than plain old mayo and there was too much of it.
The cheese and beef combo worked well but I like the Beef and Brie at Bison Witches pairing better.
The bread however was awesome on both with no complaints in that department.
I will keep coming back but probably as a change of pace from dillys and bison witches as those are two of my favs when i want a soup and sammy deal

So after the communication from management we gave Wildflower another try!
McClintock & Guatalupe.
The ladies at the counter were really friendly and helped us make the most of our order.
They obviously enjoy working with the public.
We ordered the Hummus Plate, Kid's Linguine with pesto on the side, the Turkey & Brie sandwich an of course our son had a giant pretzel.
The hummus plate was great, but the Turkey Brie was fantastic.
We really enjoyed our meal.
The best part were the four little pumpkin pie bites they brought to us.
I only got a tiny bite they were so good the kids gobbled them up, pardon the Thanksgiving pun, couldn't resist.
The restaurant was clean with plenty of room to navigate with children.
The staff was friendly and in a great mood every one of them!
Thanks for a great pre-movie family meal!

always love this place.
been to several locations, all are great!.
big fan of the breakfast ham and brie frittata, the potatoes are great.
love the blt, i mean avocado, bacon, and cheddar....  (and i guess the lettuce and tomato)....c'mon that's awesome.
and now the potato cream cheese soup.
as a side to the blt.
or by itself in a huge bread bowl.
whew!
i'm full thinking about it.

I like this place even though it is a chain because they are pretty consistent.
They are connected with Changing Hands Bookstore, so when i typically go i eat and then go search for books with my daughter.
I love their Oriental Chicken Salad which is a pretty generous serving, and i will never forget their chocolate croissants.
I crave those everyday now.
Food is made pretty quickly and there is usually lots of seating but is pretty busy of a place.
I know if i move and go to one of these places i will be happy.

Been going to the Tempe location of Wildflower Bread Company for years and I have NEVER been disappointed ~ great food, clean facility, plus the Tempe location is adjacant to Changing Hands Bookstore, an amazing bookstore.
IF there is ever a time I am even a little blue I go to the Tempe Wildflower Bread Company ~ Eat, Read, and then go home and Pray.
It doesn't get better than that.
Blessings to them for being such a uplifting place.
Blessings : ) KC

I am completely in love with their herb bread.
It's a tasty sourdough loaf filled with fresh herbs, but not so "herby" it can't handle sweet applications.
It's great toasted and topped with cranberry goat cheese.
At $8 a loaf I don't buy it often, but it is a favorite treat.

I usually like Wildflower, but last night, we walked in without realizing it was 2, yes TWO minutes after 9... (I could have sworn they stayed open until 9:30pm), Instead of the staff saying anything they just gave us dirty looks and the energy was very negative.
I had to ask if we did something wrong and in that question I had to ask "oh, are you closed" and still had a passive answer.
We ended up walking out.
Sorry for being 2 minutes late!
Maybe you should lock your doors or speak up next time.
UPDATE:  The management contacted me immediately after and apologized and was very responsive to our problem.
Great communication and sincerity!

I love wildflower bakery.
Fresh baked bread, a good handful of delicious vegetarian options, and a friendly staff.
I'm a frequent patron and have had lunch, dinner and breakfast from this establishment.
Their breakfasts are all incredible (however, for hang over food, stick to fili b's,  this place flirts with a healthy breakfast), their salads are savory and the sandwiches are great.
The Walnut cream butternut squash ravioli is to DIE for.
Plus, plenty of bread for sopping up extra sauce to boot!

Ate there with my kids 3-17-2011.
Gonna go with 3.75 stars overall, rounded up to 4.
Service was good, prompt, polite, and efficient, and the place was clean and tidy.
4.5 stars for those items.
We had:  Side Caesar salad:  My daughter thought the dressing was a little bit, in her words, "sour.
"  I tried it, and maybe it was a little bit on the "tart" side.
Veggies were fresh and crunchy though, so it was not a total loss.
3.5 stars.
Chicken Basil Chili in a sourdough Boule:   fairly tasty, IMHO.
My son thought it was a little bland, but his tastes are kinda weird.
I tried it, and I thought it was good.
The sourdough was fresh and good.
3.0 stars.
Side of meatballs with marinara sauce:  The star of the meal.
Very tasty sauce, and the meat was firm and tasted how a meatball is supposed to taste, in both texture and seasonings.
4.5 stars for this dish.
I had the "Gorgonzola Pasilla Chile Penne - creamy alfredo, white wine, pasilla chile flakes, crushed red pepper, red peppers, gorgonzola and arugula $7.99"   It was good.
Could have used some MEAT - maybe I could have added chicken to it, but I failed to notice it was meatless when I ordered it - MY BAD !!
I'd have it again if it had chicken in it.
It was a nicely seasoned and prepared dish.
4.0 stars.
All in all, a MUCH better trip than my first one.
I might have to give them a couple more visits to make sure.... :)

we come here about once a week.
the soup in a bread bowl is yummy- i usually get a wildflower salad with the pesto vinegarette, which is amazing!
their grain mustard is also amazing and the service is usually very good.
the clientele can be interesting so it is a good place to people watch :)

I've been here about 10 times and the food always satisfies.
I personally enjoy their egg sandwiches (their Spicy Chipotle egg sandwich was awesome) and I usually pick up a baked good for dessert (raspberry croissant).
Sometimes seating can be hard to find weekend mornings though.
They also have a little sidewalk patio for those who prefer the outdoors.

Wildflower is a great unique place that serves up excellent breakfasts and lunches.
Their portion sizes are large so come hungry or be prepared to take some home with you.
They are so much, and I can't stress this enough, so much better than Paradise Bakery.
They even have delicious baked goods.
One of my favorite things to do is go on a bike ride with my girlfriend and stop there for lunch or a late breakfast, then go grocery shopping at Trader Joe's, which is right next door.
They also have great coffee so go to them instead of a Starbucks, which I'm sure there is one around the corner.
My favorite sandwich is the Chicken Pesto which I usually customize to suit my particular needs, my girlfriend says that I'm kind of a food snob.

Was in a few weeks ago and had the white bean chicken chili.
superfantasticdeliciousness.
i've only had one meal out of about 20 here that i didn't like.
Wildflower is one of our favorite afternoon places to grab a bite.
Thanks, Louis!

I told myself, "you need a salad".
Myself said, I just want a fast burger.
"But what if you could have any salad from anywhere?
" "WBC?"......
So, here I am happy to be eating a salad!
Turkey Waldorf on top of a fresh bed of greens, more than enough for 2 (although I eat most of it)  and their crusty bread.
YUM!

I went to Wildflower looking for a lunch spot that had wifi.
I arrived at 11:30, and noticed every table in the small place was full.
It was my first time there, it seemed a lot like Paradise Bakery (which is a good thing), so I ordered, hoping a table would open up.
Price was about the same as Paradise.
By the time my food got there, no tables opened, so I got the food to go.
I got home, opened the food, and much to my dismay, it was quite a bit worse than Paradise.
Also, no delicious cookie.
Next time I'll just drive up the street a couple miles.

Lemon Ricotta short stack and a side of fresh fruit!
I had heard that Wildflower was the "IN" place to have brunch on the weekend, but I truly  thought it couldn't be that good.
It absolutely was.
I think we were lucky to have gotten a table .
and I am still feeling light & fluffy from those pancakes .
14 hrs later!
They were fantastic!
And I learned that they serve Breakfast-Lunch .
and Dinner.
Little Secret: They are practically across the street from my house.
I wonder if you can go to one restaurant too many times?
I am going to find out.

So .
true to my word, I went back the very next day for lunch.
This time without any companions to influence my judgement.
What did I find out?
Yep!
I was right the 1st time.
The food & service at Wildflower are still excellent!
I had the:       *  Wildflower Almond Tuna sandwich on nine-grain bread      *  Mango Passion Fruit Lemonade (a frozen drink) and      *   A big "hunkin' '" piece of strawberry-rhubarb pie  If I hadn't taken 1/2 the sandwich & 1/2 the lemonade home, you would have had to roll me out of there.
Yes, I ate the whole piece of pie!
I ate 1/2 of it before my sandwich arrived and then finished it off after deciding that something would have to go home with me.
The sandwich went home on the outside in a little box; the pie found a home inside my already too full stomach.
Would I go again .
you bet!
I'm thinking three-cheese ravioli with a salad for dinner some night after work.
Anyone want to join me?

I loveeeee all of their food, because of the fresh menu.
Portions could be a bit bigger at times and it can be a bit expensive, but I still enjoy it every time.

Always good.
I am glad they got rid of the bread salad.
Great for breakfast lunch or din.
Everything is good here, nothing to complain about.

The Chop Salad!
and the fact that this place is connected to my favorite book store, make it a great stop for lunch!

I used to be obsessed with this place, and I still kind of am, but my last few visits were subpar.
The atmosphere is always lively and it is usually busy when I go, which is fine for the delicious food I usually get.
However, the last few visits I have wanted nothing more than a bread bowl with some basic soup (chicken noodle, tomato, cheddar and broccoli, etc) but out of the four soups of the day, nothing sounded remotely good to me.
The last time I went I ordered the roasted sweet potato sandwich, which I thought was pretty gross, and since nobody comes to check on you, I had noone to complain to, so instead I ordered another meal, can't remember which, but I liked it.
I really do love this place and will probably not stop coming back - their bread is especially delicious.
And the cupcakes?
The best around - better than specialized cupcake places.
I also love that it is connected to Changing Hands Bookstore.
It was just a couple of less than great visits that make me knock this place down a star.

Line can be long but moves fast.
The service is great.
They had forgot an item from our last to go order so this time around they comped both our meals!
My favorite is the walnut pan cakes and seasonal salads.

I enjoyed the Chopped Salad with Salmon, couscous, cranberries & more on a fresh bed of arugula, YUM!
The salmon was fresh and moist and the toppings were a nice mix.
Add to this the big fresh chunks of bread and this meal is fit for any Queen.

Love the potato soup'

Had a coupon so decided to have lunch at Wildflower.
The food was pretty good, similar to other specialty bakeries.
The cashier was not super friendly, but the manager was.
Would go back, just felt that nothing overly stood out about this place.

Went there for dinner last night at around 6:00.
The place was packed.
They were out of chicken so no chicken items and they were out of diet coke.
I can understand a restaurant running out of an item that they have to prepare in advance but to run out of diet coke shows bad management in ordering, Food wise ordered the pasta but asked for no cheese as trying to do a lactose free thing, well guess what?
Yes, They added cheese.
When the pasta did arrive guess what again?
It was cold?
WTF.
Can't believe the bad experience we had.

I went to Wildflower to get a quick bite to eat with a friend.
We both ordered a bowl of Garden Vegetable Soup.
It was good but too salty.
The bread that came with it was plentiful and yummy.
The set up of this place (and the high prices for soup lol) reminded me of a NYC deli; I really liked that.
I also enjoyed their outside seating area.

Updated to 3 stars simply based off the great response I got from the founder of the company in response to my yelp review.

Wildflower was okay.
It reminds me a lot of Paradise Bakery (if you put me inside one or the other it would be hard to tell the difference).
I'm not a big fan of Paradise, either, but I figured I'd give Wildflower a try.
The sandwich I had was a hot pot roast kind of thing (I can't remember the name and they no longer offer it).
The ingredients themselves were all fairly good, but brought together, it sounded more like a garage band than a symphony.
I think they try to do a bit too much with their menu and try to throw together a bunch of vaguely fancy or artisanal sounding ingredients just for the sake of the name of the final product.
Honestly, with some of the menu items it seems like someone came up with an item name, thought it sounded fancy and unique, and then worked on building a sandwich to fit the name.
It'd be like coming up with a great movie title then building a convoluted plot to fit the title: it's going in the wrong direction.
So, basically, it seems like their menu is overly complex.
There's nothing wrong with having a dozen ingredients on a sandwich if they go together, but just stuffing whatever sounds pleasant on a sandwich doesn't always work.
Plus, their sandwiches are made to order.
That's not a bad thing, but when you have so many ingredients on a sandwich, the sandwich will sometimes benefit from being wrapped and chilled for a bit to give the flavors some time to marry (so the sandwich works as a unit and not as a bunch of layers fighting for attention on the palate).
I may go back and try it again.
Frankly, this isn't my kind of place, but there are some other things I wouldn't mind trying.
If you like Paradise, you'll probably like this place.
I don't like Paradise, so maybe it has ruined this kind of restaurant for me.
Between the two, go to Wildflower.
They seem to be pretty much the same, but at least Wildflower is a local chain and not a regional/national chain.

I have been here a million times over the years and have not met one person who doesn't love Wildflower.
That includes my grandma who is a rather picky woman.
Their service is great.
The food is wonderful.
And it connected to Changing Hands Book Store which is a fun little shop even if you're not looking for a book.
As for food, I recommend potato cream cheese soup bread bowl.
It sounds weird but trust me, it's amazing.
For salad, I'm hooked on their Thai chicken salad.
I really like their iced tea too.
Wildflower is the kind of place you can just get a quick lunch or spend the afternoon reading, doing homework or chatting it up with friends.

Really decent food, with good ingredients - which is rare these days.
The sandwiches are pretty good, but their soup is amazing.
Garlic Tomato or Butternut Squash are my 2 favorites.
They have more vegetarian options than most places if you're looking for that.
On of my go-to lunch spots, for sure!

Fresh, delicious sandwiches, and good sides as well.
The sweet potato sandwich is one of my favorites.

Try the potato cream cheese bread bowl or chicken pesto sandwich.
Then relax in Changing Hands afterward..perfect date night!

Hmm.
Given the other reviews, I guess we are the only people especially privileged to have problems with seating.
I don't dislike this place, but have found you need a lunch-time strategy to get in and out in a reasonable amount of time (e.g.
drop two friends at the door while the third parks the car, one friend orders while the other is on reconnaissance to find a table).
It ends up working out in the end as I have never received my plate in my hands, but eating here is not a leisurely lunch - not by a long shot!
The food and drinks are good, but not worth the trouble of our "tag-team" effort.
The best part (reason for going) is the adjoining book store, and so frequent when looking for a particular title or needing a gift.

This place was pretty tasty!
It is very similar to Panera Bread Co. back in the Midwest.
The soups and breads are really tasty and the bookstore next door is pretty fabulous!

Wild Child Bed For Company By The Rue  My favorite sandwich is the chicken continental, The toppings on here are pretty fundemental, You can get something else, I won't be judgemental, When I give you a hickey I promise to be gentle, If it's not on your neck it's not accidental, When I am done it will be something monumental, Before work, covering up with a scarf is detrimental, Back to my review the rest is experimental.
If you want something different than chicken,  I won't give you a hickey but something finger lickin', The gorgonzola and roast beef will not sicken, I don't care if your from France or Great Britain, The herb mayo on sourdough gets the pulse to quicken, If it were up to me I would name your cat "Mitten", Jim Carey was in a movie called "Once Bitten", This is a great place to eat, hunger now stricken!!
Beatnik!

...No Newt Glass Art.
...Full of obnoxious college kids.
...no electrical outlets.
...small, crowded, and far too loud.
...its a good thing I did not find this particular Wildflower before the other three or I'd have probably never given the others a chance.

when you need to give in to carb cravings, this is the place to go, my kids love this and so do I when I can give in to the almighty bread

I have to say, Wildflower has been consistently awesome each time I've visited.
This also covers all of their locations as well.
I know that no matter which one I go to, the food is going to be delicious and the service is going to be good as well.

Good food, a bit overpriced...
I walked in for the first time and had no clue where to begin.
It was not even 11am so only three other customers were in the place.
No employee gave me a greeting or directed me where to go.
The line is a bit confusing.

OH MY FREAKIN' PEA POD!
This place has the freshest food.
I am in love with it and so upset that I have to wait until my next trip to AZ to get some.
I had the Wildflower Chicken Salad Sandwich.
Ever since I tried that, I have put bean sprouts and sunflower seeds on everything.
The little ramekin of potato salad that came as a side was so delicious, too!
Sweet and salty with a good and surprising CRUNCH!
The place reminds me of a Panera Bread, but geared more towards sustainable food and healthy eating.
I absolutely loved it.

This wildflower has the look, feel, and [most importantly] delicious food as any other in the valley.
The space is a little smaller and tighter than most of the other locations I've been too, but it does have some outdoor seating to make up for it.
What really sets this location apart from the others is that it shares an open wall with the book store next door.
I can't explain why, but it really adds to the ambiance.
My only complaint is the parking lot, which is something that Wildflower itself cannot help.
The shopping center is packed with some big stores and restaurants, and barely has enough spaces to accommodate a Saturday afternoon lunch crowd.
Oddly enough, I've noticed this problem that a couple of other Wildflowers.

I've eaten there a couple of times and enjoyed the food every single time.
If I don't feel like cooking or want something wholesome to satisfy my hunger, it's usually one of the first nearby places to come to mind.
It's a plus that it's connected to Changing Hands Bookstore.
After a good for the soul meal, it's a great place to get or browse good books for the soul.
Avoid going there during lunch on a Saturday afternoon.
It seems to be most of Arizonans' favorite place to chow down at that particular time.
It's crowded and people seem cranky cause they've been waiting in line too long and starving.
And yes, the line makes no sense.
It's chaotic.
You don't know where to stand nor who is in line.
So, you have to go around asking people repeatedly, "Are you in line?
"  Not cool if you are a shy person or don't feel like talking to strangers.

It has been far too long since I have updated you on my Wildflower.
Yes, you heard me - MY WILDFLOWER!
There are several Wildflower Bread Companies around the Valley of the Sun, and I've eaten in more than one .
but none better than the one in my hood.
Walking distance.
Just a hop, skip and a jump from my front door.
I stop by on a fairly regular basis to try something new, or get one of my long-standing favorites.
I have never, EVER been disappointed.
They are always spot on with service & eats.
A few days ago I took some visiting family here for breakfast.
I was hoping that they would find it as scrumptious as I always do.
We are an animated bunch, so I was hoping to get a word in edgewise so I could see if they truly liked Wildflower.
Well, it was not difficult to ascertain .
once our plates arrived we ate in silence.
Oh, there was the occasional "Please pass the pepper .
," but, for the most part, we all just shoveled in the breakfast goodies!
No need to ask .
everyone at the table gave Wildflower an outstanding Grade of "A+".

Enjoyed a pretty good sandwich here to-go.
It was the chicken breast/pesto combination.
Marinated mushrooms and the feta cheese really elevated the sandwich.
The pesto spread was tasty as well, more chunky than smooth.
Switched to the nine grain bread, but should have stuck with ciabatta.
It was about $8, but they should include a slightly bigger side dish.
I wanted the slaw, instead of the orzo pasta, but the cashier was on her first day and apparently nobody trained her?
Ended up with the Orzo which wasn't that good, the orzo was overcooked and I'm sure those plastic cups that it comes in are stored in a frig and not dished out fresh everyday.
Still a decent sandwich.

I did return to this place after customer service offered me a giftcard for my 4 star review.
The value of the card was $12, so thanks to Wildflower for the card.
I noticed the Sour Cream Blueberry Muffin online, so after I got the card (about 10:30am), I also noticed they were out of that muffin.
No big deal right - things sell out, but customer service tells me otherwise:   Hi Brad,  Our standard is to be 100% in stock.
I am so sorry to hear we were out of the Sour Cream Blueberry muffins!
Did you speak with a Manager?
Was this at the Tempe location?
The only thing I could think of is that someone came in and ordered a very large unexpected order for a catering however that would be a guess and it is always best to go straight to the source!
I did receive an apology, but never got an explanation about why they were out of that muffin, despite this policy.
Anyway, the pumpkin/chocolate muffin was outstanding, but if that really is your policy, then get it right!.
I'm not sure whether these things are baked in-store or at a central facility, but that may have been a factor.
Tried the scones, but they are not great.
Blueberry Muffin better.

Based on my last review, the owner, Louis, took the time to address my concern and offer me a gift card.
Now that is amazing customer service.
Thank you Louis for taking the time.

Consistently good food, great neighborhood hangout, free wifi, friendly staff.

My sister recommended this place so we decided to try it.
Very nice lunch spot.
The spice meatball sandwich was really good.
They give you 3 meatballs and the sandwich has a nice kick to it.
My wife had the Chicken Continental.
Very juicy, tender and a little kick to it with the honey mustard.
The inside and the bathrooms were very clean but they had a lot of dirty tables.
Good thing those dirty dishes weren't there when I walked in because it wasn't very appetizing.
Other then the outside tables, this was a very nice lunch spot that we enjoyed.

It is always so nice to eat here.
I have never had a bad meal at any Wildflower.
Today I went crazy and tried something not of a Chicken Salad nature.--lol-- I know shocking!
I had the Sweet Potato Sandwich ( weird sounding, huh?
) and Vegetarian Lentil Tomato soup.
Ummmmm, delish, delish, delish.
The place is always so crowded though and you have to fight to get a table at times but the service is still very good.
Everyone is smiling and helpful.
I love that it is connected to Changing Hands Bookstore too.
I took home a home made pretzel and a Ginger Oatmeal Biscotti.
YUMMY!

Paradise had lousy service today so we just went across the street to Wildflower.
Got the BBQ Chipotle Chicken salad.
It was pretty good but I do wish they had a lighter version of the salad dressing.
I didnt realize till after I ate it of course when I looked up the nutrition info that the salad dressing had 20 grams of sugar and the whole salad with dressing was 27 grams.
While looking at nutrition info I noticed it said there was feta in the salad.
Feta?
What feta?
I called in to let them know.
Nick the manager asked me where I was located.
He was prepared to have someone bring me the feta.
Now that is some serious customer service.
I told him I scarfed salad too late and I wouldnt make you do that either.
He is replacing the salads for next visit.
:-)

Big fan of this place.. the location is convenient for before yoga class nearby.
Their staff has always been friendly and prompt and I like their proximity to the bookstore (which makes me come even more often as I can browse and eat while I kill time before yoga class).
Wildflower has good food overall, so that's a known already... but what stands out about this place is the book store next door and the casualness and openness of the restaurant.

Great soup and sandwich shop, they have this blackerry lemonade yum!

Solid menu, I'm sure everything on it tastes fantastic, but I can vouch for the chicken pesto & feta sandwich, salmon caesar salad, POTATO CREAM CHEESE SOUP IN A BREAD BOWL and pesto chicken with linguini pasta.
Perfect cafe for breakfast or lunch.
Really casual and quaint atmosphere, the cafe is connected to a wonderful bookstore.
Order at the counter and enjoy.

Food is great, but watch out during busy times; seating is scarce and people circle tables like vultures waiting to sit down.
Favorites are Turkey Pastrami, Butterscotch cookies and Roast Beef.
Staff is great!

The Continental Chicken sandwich is always top on my list if I don't want a salad.
Still healthy, but doesn't taste it!
It has this sweet sauce with a punch of horseradish combined with the caramelized onions.... its absolutely a winner in my book!
I tried their fruit salad which is topped with just enough delicious yogurt-type sauce and some crunchy topping......very good!
Oh, and for dessert we tried their toffee pie......OMG, it was hard to only eat my half.
Thanks WBC!

This one isn't too bad, but it is definitely smaller and busier than most.
If you are near another one that's bigger I would go there first.
Other than that it is pretty nice.
Since it gets crowded the tables can stay a little dirtier than normal but they keep up pretty well with cleaning them.
The food is the same great quality you will get at the other wildflower bakery's.
my wife and I really like this place and will come back again soon!

Great food and Iced tea.
It has become very busy between 11:30-2, which is great for them, bad for available seating.
I switched to breakfast and love the Brie & Ham Frittata and Rosemary Potatoes.
Great morning hang out to get some work done and grab a bite.
The newer staff isn't as friendly as the previous staff at all, but Manny is still very friendly and helpful and the regulars seem to really like him.

This one isn't too bad, but it is definitely smaller and busier than most.
If you are near another one that's bigger I would go there first.
Other than that it is pretty nice.
Since it gets crowded the tables can stay a little dirtier than normal but they keep up pretty well with cleaning them.
The food is the same great quality you will get at the other w

quick dinner here for two of us was ok. salmon pasta dish was delivered instead of salmon Caesar but that was quickly corrected.
mushroom soup was tasty but not hot, barely warm when delivered.
great that they are next door to changing hands bookstore.

Why on this, you're website , you charge me $6.99 for enough tea to make 3 GALLONS but when I go to your store you try to charge me $1.50+ per tea bag each time I refill my cup with hot water is beyond me.
Panera can act like they care about people all they want, but in the end they lack morals.
I understand you need to make a profit however, I know for a fact that by selling a cup of tea you make more than enough to allow the customers 3 teabags on a visit and still make a profit.
Just like the Paradise bakery across the street, the only two places I've left a yelp review, the Panera family of companies doesn't really care, they're just an over priced fast food company trying to ride the coat tails of actual companies who care about providing quality products and services.
http://www.wildflowerbread.com/flower-shop/

I'm leaning more toward 3.5 starts, like "I'm a fan... it was A-OK!
"  I've been here a couple of times, and it's pretty good.
The food is good, but it's a bit pricey for a cafeteria style restaurant like this.
The last time I was there I had a sweet potato sandwich that I literally dreamed about the night after... it was awesome.
During a particularly busy morning, we thought we were going to have to change our order to to-go due to a lack of clear tables.
One of the "runners" (a fellow who was delivering food to its respective table and collecting the table stands) noticed our dilemma and helped us secure a table that was just emptying.
In his haste, and probably out of habit, he took the table stand that was supposed to match up with our meal.
No harm, no foul, we flagged him down and he found our orphaned food and delivered it right away.
Friendly all around.

I loooooooooove this place!!!!
Breakfast, lunch or dinner- the delicious food & service here never disappoint!
The ambiance is wonderful, fresh & inviting- outside patio seating is a plus!
The friendly staff is always on point to help you find seating, bringing out your food in a timely manner & clearing up your mess (not that I'm very messy!!
; )) Their menu will change to keep with the season or just to try something new, while the favorites stay available.
My usual order (not all at the same time of course!
) are: Honey-Cured Ham & Brie Frittata/Banana Walnut Pancakes/ Chopped Salad/Salmon Alfredo.
Their baked goods are also melt-in-your-mouth  delightful!
(MmMm I'm seriously salivating right now just thinking about all the yumminess!!
) Lines may be long at times, specially during the breakfast/brunch rush but they move fairly fast.
In addition to the tasty food, I love this location!!
It's connected to Changing Hands so be sure to browse through that amazing store before or after your meal.
It's also close to Trader Joe's where we do our shopping.
I highly recommend this place!

This is a great little place to go in Tempe.
I thought I had written a review here a long time ago.
But, I had missed it.
So here goes.
I like this place, I do not come here weekly or anything,but every few weeks I stop in.
Lots of parking in this lot,so no problem there.
It is hard to say if I like the Baked goods best or the Salads best!
They have a lot of good selections.
I like some meat on my salad but, they only have chicken or fish.
I would rather go for the fish.
Because, Chicken is not one of my favorites.
Although they have a Chicken Pomegrantie with Pistachio that could become one of my favorites very fast.
They also sell pasta here, so something for everyone.
The baked goods are really good and always fresh.
It is always clean and the windows sparkle.
I do not know why I like that about it , but I do.
It is a great place for dining in or too Gooo~

The food is really great and its connected to a great local bookstore.
What an awesome combo.
The food is done right and usually comes out pretty fast.
Great spot for a lunch break.

This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat.
I'm here about 2 times a week.
Not one bad meal yet.
Breakfast,  dinner, pastries even the iced tea is great.

Very unorganized and can be a bit of a hassle on the weekend.
I don't recommend the Roasted Sweet Potato sandwich.
I swear something changed with this sandwich, as I remember having this about a year ago and it was delicious but not this most recent time.
No fig was included and the sweet potatoes were an odd texture.

Kind of similar to Panera bread but much better choices!
Lots of exotic flavors.
They have a patio area for outdoor eating.
We shared the French toast and feta breakfast sandwich.
Both were good but the French bread was amazing!

Seriously, I don't know why I keep coming back here.
The service is so slow and they are just very unorganized.
The food is good.
But you better not be in a hurry.
It takes a long time for the food to come out and sometimes it is old and wilted.
I have been other Wild Flowers that are good but this one is substandard.
I like the company and the food, but this location needs new management.

Let me preface this with the following: I realized ordering fish might be a risk at an establishment such as this, but the girl at the counter was raving about it so i thought i would give it a try.
~What a mistake!~ I took my meal to go, or I would have 100% talked to a manager about this experience.
The service was semi-friendly, it was late lunch time and they were busy but not crazy busy.
I opted for the Salmon Caesar Salad (recommendation from the employee.
) The salad consisted romaine lettuce (which was not "crispy" like noted on the menu,) capers, grated parmesan cheese, croutons (soggy) and caesar dressing (dressing was a decent flavor.
) On top of the salad was the "Wild Alaska Salmon Fillet" which was super dry, had absolutely no seasoning and had a mild hint of freezer burn taste.
It clearly was an older piece of fish that had been in the freezer for far to long.
It was totally my fault for expecting far better but they definitely should have tossed that chunk of meat out long ago.
On the brighter side, the bread served with the salad was really good & the iced tea was enjoyable too.
Safe to say, stick to the bakery items (sandwiches & baked goods.
) Definitely DO NOT ORDER THE "Wild Alaska Salmon Fillet Caesar Salad.
" Yuck!

I really like this place!
The set up, the big portions and the chunks of bread they serve you!
It is very neat!
I had only good experiences so far at every location.
Pasta recipes are very good!
I always try something new when I stop by alone, with friends or family!

I love it.
Always fresh.
Food always great unlike paradise bakery.
And they have diet coke.
My only issies if they read this.
A small beverage is way too small.
Its annoying to get a refill every third sip.
Im cheap sorry.
The internet is free wifi bit but almost never works.
And the counter people could be better.
More than once I have stood there for a few minutes before someone came over.
They never seem to be knowlegable about the menu.

I just had a delicious breakfast!
Shortstack lemon ricotta pancakes with scrambled eggs on the side.
The pancakes had just the right amount of lemon and the eggs were scrambled just right.
Great service and I like that it's next to a book store as well.

First time eating at Wildflower.
Went out to breakfast earlier this week with a friend.
Great experience!
Delicious meal!
Got the lemon ricotta pancakes and 2 sunny side up eggs.
Yummy!
Love the berry topping.
Cashier was super helpful in helping decide on that since I wanted everything on the menu :)

So happy I finally discovered this place!
So far I've only had the Chicken & Kale salad (the closest tasting to True Food Kitchen's Tuscan Kale so far) and the chicken pesto sandwich with the potato salad.
My in - laws had a corn beef brisket and the scrambled egg, feta and tomato sandwich.
They loved it also!
Will be back many times!

Came here for lunch today - seemed to have a great overall rating so figured it was worth a shot.
I ordered the open face chicken parm sandwich, and got a butterscotch cookie for dessert.
The chicken was moist and well cooked, smothered in mushrooms, spinach and fresh parmesan cheese.
It was really tasty and just the right amount of food.
The cookie was fresh and the butterscotch / coconut combo was just right.
I was able to sit outside and aside from being hassled by some incredibly aggressive birds, it was a great lunch experience.
Their breads and pastries looked really good and I can definitely see going back for something else.

Great lunch spot!
Wonderful food!
Service is quick and efficient.
Always busy!

This place is delicious !!
I've had the salads and the meatball sandwich (which was huge) was very good !!!
The staff is super friendly, the place is clean, and very cozy atmosphere !

Tuna sandwich was gross.
Couldn't finish it.
Caesar salad was even worse.
They put sauteed mushrooms in it?
So weird.
Overpriced too.

Deliciousness all the way!
Portobello picnic was very savory with the arugula, roasted tomatoes and zucchini, and ricotta cheese, and the cinnamon French toast was sweet and wholesome with melted butter and warm syrup on top.
It was a bit crowded with tables so close.
Then, I saw a guy just put his whole hand in the bread bites and made it kinda nasty especially when there was tongs available to pick up the bread.
Yuck!
Makes you wonder how many others did the same.

Super yummy spring quinoa salad!!!
Really fresh and flavorful.
Huge portion; you won't go hungry.
The daily homemade bread is really good for special events.

Typically their soups are very good.
I am not a vegetarian however I feel like their vegetarian soups are packed full of flavor.
My all time favorite selection is the chopped salad.
Lunch and dinner are packed and can take a while to get food so be prepared.

