They make my Manolo Blahnik's purr - nuff said!!
I have risked my shoe collection at many local repair shops - but he is an honest, hard-working man who knows quality.
They are reasonably priced and turn-around times are quick!
Located on the NW corner of Scottsdale Rd and Thunderbird in the strip mall a couple doors down from Enterprise Car Rental.

Sorry, but I brought in two very nice pairs of shoes for a little stretching and conditioning and a week later when I went to pick them up, nothing had been done.
The owner swore that he stretched them, but they feel no different.
My shoe trees were missing as well, and he conveniently found them in another customer's box... neither pair were conditioned, in fact they looked dirtier than before.
I plan to bring them back to see if they can be "stretched" again and will gladly follow up with another review.

Took another week to stretch them more.
After pointing to the exact pain spot twice, the shoes are now stretched in the wrong area.
I'm talking about LV and Prada loafers ruined.
As nice as the owner seems to be, he did not get the job done correctly.

I love shoes - high heels, flip flops, and everything in between.
I can't decide if it is an addiction or an obsession.
Maybe both?
In fact, I used to have a separate room for my shoes.
No, I am not kidding.
Recently I noticed a few of my favorite pairs were looking a bit worn and in need of some TLC.
Hey, don't we all feel that way sometimes?
Fortunately, Ariel's Shoe Repair was able to give my sad shoes exactly what they needed!
Ariel's is like a spa for footwear.
On two occasions I brought in pairs that I doubted could be helped and came back to shoes that were refreshed and revitalized.
Amazing!

I brought in six pairs of shoes to Ariel to see if he could put new heels on them (I wear the spiky-heeled high heels).
For $12, not only did Ariel put new heels that perfectly matched each color, size and type of heel (and even filed them just a hair so that they would wear smoothly), but he also put a lot of work into fixing the front of them.
Many of my shoes had toes that were worn, shredded or faded; Ariel made them like absolutely new.
Amazing!
My shoes are not Prada or Gucci.
They are mostly Nine West with leather uppers and man-made everything else.
:)  However, Ariel took amazing care of them as if they were "the king's" shoes.
It is so great to have my favorite pairs of shoes back.
I will return.
Thank you, Ariel!

Took 9 days to replace two small heel pads on a pair of my wife's boots, Never called to tell me they were done and got glue on the heel and the suede boot itself.
Sloppy work.
Seems to be completely disorganized.

Mr. Ariel is very good at what he does.
He provided a great service by installing two custom pads in my shoes right away.
Very happy with his work.
I wear Mezlan shoes everyday for work and he takes great care off them every time.
Shoe padding, repair, or just a touch up he is great.
Also happens to be a very pleasant man whom I enjoy seeing every time I go.

Brought some Michael Kors sandals here to fix a piece of leather that fell off.
He replaced the leather with a perfectly matching piece.
It was only $15 for the repair.
Great service.
Nice man.
I will go back for any shoe repairs I need.

