THIS is what shopping should always be like!
Friendly, knowledgeable sales staff that take good care of you!
Good quality, pretty bags, clothes and accessories all  arrayed in an easy-to-navigate store (even if you've been drinking, hahaha), what a lovely environment to lose some of those  winnings and be happy to do so!
They even greeted me happily when I returned a couple martinis later (at least they ACTED happy, hmmmm, maybe they're actors and this is their day job, hmmmm)  and helped me pick out a birthday gift for my little princess.
Michael Kors - love your designs, love your products, love your easy to navigate store (especially if you've had a couple cocktails!
)  and love, really love your sales staff!

I went here 3 times when I was in Vegas, haha.
Everyone was awesome!
SO friendly.
I was chatting it up.
I remember April and another girl that was from San Antonio.
Store was never crowded so I got tons of help.
Felt like I had my own personal shoppers.
They kept recommending shoes for me to try, I loved all of them.
The store is perfect.
I could stay in there for hours on end.
They even have my fave jewelry designer, Alexis Bittar!

LOVE!
LOVE!
LOVE!!!!
The staff is as fab as the drool-worthy purses...so gracious they talked me into a blue number...Is it fair to say I felt right at home...?
For all the SITC fans..you'll get 'carried away' so make time to stop by...browse and leave with a party favor-It's Michael Kors after all

Had a great shopping experience here!
It's almost an accident that I love Michael Kors.
I think I started off with a shirt or two, then my husband bought be a purse, then I got the perfume as a gift, then some more shirts, and all of a sudden, I realize I'm a Michael Kors girl.
Who knew?
As I'm walking through Nordstrom (at home in LA) one day, I am stopped in my tracks my this beautiful Gia Satchel purse.
It's lovely.
It's $800 and not in my budget.
I look at it online and then see the python one.
Swoon!
Sadly it's $2200 and I can't get it in CA anyway, as python is illegal =(  So we're in Vegas and have some Grazie Gift Rewards from our Palazzo gambling; luckily I can spend these gift cards at the Michael Kors store.
I look online first to see if they have any python wallets (can't afford the bags) and see the most divine Flurry Rabbit Fur Satchel, but it says it's for pre-order only; it isn't available for another month.
Oh well, I'll look for a wallet.
We walk in and Laney starts to help us.
Just on a whim, I ask if they have the rabbit bag, maybe a model to look at or something.
She tells me they have 3 of them.
Apparently select stores were given a few early.
Yay!!
She goes to get the bag to let me look at it, and she grabs some champagne for us.
I also ask her if they have the beautiful gunmetal python bag, and tell her that I'm not buying it (don't want her to get too exited for commission) but just want to see it.
It is stunning!
So the bag I get is $368, but I have $200 in Grazie Rewards.
What a deal!
Service was great, and their selection is fairly deep.
Good place to shop.
=)  One day, that Python Gia Satchel will be mine!

Super helpful sales staff in a lovely, well lit and clean store.

I love this store!
Conveniently located inside the Venetian.
Lovely collections they carry.
Very friendly staff.
While I was peeking at a handbag that was placed on the shelf high above, the saleswoman immediately came to my help and got it for me.
There are mirrors at every nook and corner, so you can try your fancy hand bags, walk around the shop, look into the mirrors.

