I don't find myself on the East Side all that often, but when I do the options always seem limited.
My friends on this side of town tend to agree.
But there's one thing going for east side of the freeway, and that's Erin's.
Judging by the fact that it has been crowded every time I've been, this is a shared sentiment.
As a general rule I like the atmosphere of the Irish Pub-themed places and this place has all the basics: wood panels, fireplaces and a nice bar.
I like that it isn't some kind of national chain like Claddagh in Middleton - the original bar is out of Reedsburg I've been told.
The food here is usually good, and although the prices are on the high side I've never had a bad experience.
I really like the shepherd's pie but it's pricey.
I've been going with the fish & chips lately which is a bit more affordable.
It comes in a paper bag on a plate, a bit anachronistic but I appreciate the touch.
I only wish they had malt vinegar on the tables.
The main complaint that I've always heard about this place is the pace of service, and the first time I came here it was as bad as everyone had said.
A coworker of mine went here soon after it had opened and had waited over 45 minutes just to put an order in.
My experience was similar, and we were even sitting at the bar.
However things seem to have gotten better; in fact last time two waitresses had been assigned to our table.
I still think this place gets a bit overwhelmed on busy nights, but that's going to happen with any popular place so be forewarned.
The bar has a relaxed vibe to it and there's a few flat-screens on the walls to catch the game if you're so inclined.
It's not exactly positioned in an area where I'd stop by just for a drink, but sometimes when I'm over that direction meeting up with my friends it's a nice place to meet up.
Drink prices seemed reasonable and the bartenders were quick and friendly every time except for the first, so I've got no real complaints there.
Overall Erin's is a nice place for an occasional dinner or drinks with friends, but is a bit too pricey for me to regularly go there when I find myself over on that side of town.

Maybe I went there on an off day.
Maybe there were new kitchen staff.
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing.
Or maybe it's just me.
I have no idea... but I can safely say I had one of my worst dining experiences, ever, at this restaurant.
Every review I've ever read for this place has said that the restaurant is okay, if not pretty good.
They must not have had the food I had.
The Sheppard's Pie was the worst I've ever tasted.
No joke, it tasted the way canned cat food smells.
It also looked like canned cat food.
I just thought since it was an Irish themed restaurant, it would have decent Sheppard's Pie.
I was horribly mistaken.
Not only was the food bad, but it took 20 minutes to get our order in and hour or so for the food to come out.
I would understand had it been busy, but seriously, there were MAYBE 3 other groups of people beside myself and the two others I was with.
Even if someone were to offer to buy me dinner there, I don't think I could ever go back.

Very disappointing - this is a great building and a great location however the food just plain sucks.
The drinks are extremely expensive as well....service is below par.

We went here last weekend with some great friends for dinner and drinks.
The atmosphere is great - especially if you like Irish Pubs as much as I do.
Service was very good too - we met our friends at the bar - and before we had our coats off the bartender was asking if he could get us anything!
(good man!
) Dinner was pretty good.
I had the Prime Rib special (Saturday night).
I got the 10 oz and it seemed huge.
Mine was a bit over cooked but it was still decent.
I opted for Erin's Colcannon which is mashed potatoes with sauerkraut in it.
It was OK, but I don't think I would get again.
Wife had the Ruben sandwich and said it was good.
Looked delicious.
Bread at the table was EXCELLENT as was the Cinnamon butter.

Decent enough but not someplace I'm going to frequent on a regular basis.

Being of Irish decent I really was excited to go here.
We were in Madison for work and decided to stop in and try it out.
We ended up eating there two times out of the four nights we were there.
It's very nice inside and out, very relaxed too.

I have recently moved to Madison and was excited to try out an Irish Pub.
Unfortunately, for the experience that I had I will not be returning:   I was with a large group of people on a Friday night around 4:30pm and asked if there was an area where we could sit to grab some drinks and possibly appetizers.
We were told we could go over by the fireplace which we headed to.
Once we sat around the fireplace, we saw we were much too large of a group to be able to communicate with each other in that small of an area.
As we looked around the empty room, we saw a server and asked if we could sit at the open tables.
She kindly agreed and we sat down.
We wanted to order drinks from her but she said if a tab is started at the bar it has to stay there and cannot be transferred (which is a whole other issue I could go on about).
Anyway, the server was very kind and we ended up ordering some appetizers from her and starting our own tabs with the server.
Just as soon as the appetizers arrived, the manager came over and said in a very condescending voice, "I am sorry we can not have you sit here.
If you are ordering food that is one thing but if you are just drinking, then you are taking tips away from the server".
We then had to leave the area and literally stand in the middle of the restaurant with food and drinks in our hands.
The manager was not willing to accommodate us and gave us no suggestions as to where we could be seated to enjoy our time and food.
After some of our group left because of this remark we found a large booth which was not going to be used for another hour.
Perfect!
That would have worked all along but this manager did not take the time to let us know.
Dinner was never out of the question for that night but because of how she approached the situation, I will now never have dinner there.
The server was a sweetheart and tried to ask her manager not to come over and speak to us but that clearly didn't work.
Because of this unfortunate experience, our entire group has not been since and does not plan to.

The St. Patty's day Double Decker bus tour is really fun.
They took us around to about 6 local Madison Bar's (mostly the seperate Great Dane locations).
The food is always good and the beer selection is great.
The restaurant itself has a great atmosphere.

This place gets high marks for atmosphere.
It is a gorgeous Irish pub  with new wood and classy fixtures abound.
It is HUGE, lots of rooms, each with its own charm.
The staff was very nice and attentive, too.
The only reason i can't give it a higher mark is the sad excuse for an Irish breakfast.
First, they don't even pretend to have white and black pudding.
Okay, maybe its hard to come by in Madison.
But they so claim to have bangers and Irish rashers.
There were long sausages but they definitely weren't bangers...and they were not very good.
Then don't claim that you have rashers bacon when you are just going to serve me American bacon.
I mean i love American bacon but this is just false advertising.
Lastly the hash browns were straight from Denny's.
Without question the worst Irish breakfast I've had.
That being said, it seems like an awesome place to have a drink at night...so perhaps i'll try that one day.

Fave fish fry place in town hands down.
Service has always been great.
My friends that have tried the "irish fare" entrees have all said they were great.

I LOVE Erin's.
I believe ownership exchanged hands.. or altered in some way not to long ago.. at least that's what I caught wind of while walking in once.
My boyfriend and I recently moved to the East side of Madison, Erin's is a quick hop-skip-& a jump from our new apartment which makes it all the better.
ANYWAY, me being a veggie only eater & my boyfriend is meat's biggest fan.. Erin's suits us both.
The walnut burger is awesome as well as the pasta choices.
I love the bread with the Cinnamon butter.
It may not be the most irishy food in exsistence, but it's definitely good food.
They also make the most fabulous bloody marys.
The wait staff is top-notch, but we've managed to have the same waiter each time.
I believe his name is Kevin, and he's wonderful.
Super friendly, never rushes us..AND he continues to check up on us and refill our beers after we've finished our meals.
This isn't some place I'd suggest if you're in a hurry to dine and get out.. save that for mcdonalds.
Erin's is a place to sit and relax, something that's near unheard of here in Madison.

This may be just my pet peeve, but I've finally found an Irish pub that serves shepard's pie with beef and lamb.
It was also nicely seasoned.
They have a decently broad menu.
The place is large and appears to have lots of seating.
They have a decent selection of scotch, including 2 "scotch flights" that serve 1/2 oz.
of 3 different scotches for $8.
Not bad.
The service is a little inconsistent.
It partly might be that they seem to have a lot of larger groups going there, but we had to wait very long to get service, and then our meals show up about 3 bites into our salads.
Give us a chance to eat, please.
I would go back, but partly because that area of town is dominated by chains like Friday's.

The beer & food were excellent, but the people at Erin's Snug made our trip to Madison an amazing, incredible trip.
Get the wings, get the cardiac fries, and talk to as many people there as you can.
You won't be disappointed.

This was our second trip to Erin's after avoiding it for three years.
The old Erin's was plain terrible, both food and service.
Now however it is a great place.
Being Irish I can't say it's spot on, but as far as American Irish pubs go Erin's has become a worthy establishment.
The food was good, good service, and while not all dishes are truly authentic they do come close and taste great.
My only suggestion is that in the winter they lock the patio entrance as there is a considerable cold wind when people use it to enter and leave.
The tables are right next to the door.
While Irish, I don't drink so I cannot speak to the bar or libations but everyone there tonight seemed to be having a grand time of it.
Bottom line, if you are looking for a nice American Irish Pub experience, Erin's is worthy of your time and appetite.
Not cozy, but nice.
We will continue to visit.

I've been here twice and each time I've been very underwhelmed.
It's a bit on the expensive side.
The service has been so-so.
But the atmosphere makes up for some of the price and service.
The food on the other hand has been the low point for me.
First meal: Corned beef and cabbage.
I can make it cheaper myself at home ($13) and get a far bigger portion.
Second meal: Buffalo wings, ribs, and mashed potatoes.
The buffalo wing appetizer was by-far the hottest wings I've ever had, even though we ordered Mild.
The ribs were dried out with TONS of sauce on them.
The mashed potatoes though were on point.

Not much to say here.
I do have one suggestion.
Nothing makes for a crappy, overpriced cocktail like a $6 Jack and Diet served in a piss warm glass fresh out the dishwasher.
How about a cool glasses for your customers.
Also be attentive while tending bar.
I might want to be served another piping hot cocktail.
Shouldn't have to use a road flare to get your attention.
The place is clean and fancy.
Most of the clientele are stuffy business people, probably from Am-Fam.
Don't expect a humorous night out here.
Forget about single women.
Typical Madison sausage party.
Positives- Open Mic once in awhile.
Clean, usually friendly staff (but slow and inattentive)  Ok place to visit if there isn't any other choice.

Service and the Guinness were great.
Corned beef sandwich was very good.
The bluegill and the calamari were very saltly.
The breading on the bluegill was too salty to eat.
The waitress and Manager both sincerely apologized and took money off the bill.
Stick with the Irish food and it should be good

It's a good irish style bar.
Staff friendly.
Lots of seats.
My sheppards pie was good.
Why do restaurants still load up salads with dressing?
It's good non-chain spot in an area filled with chains.

My son and I were staying in a hotel across the street on a college visit and happened upon this darling little place.
It reminded me a bit of a couple pubs I've visited in London.
So charming.
The only reason it did not get five stars would be the noise level (although, after being in Madison for a couple days, that might just be the culture).
So, the food.
Oh the food.
It's delicious!!
They started us with the most delicious little biscuits and cinnamon butter.
It tasted like cinnamon toast.
I had the fish and chips.
My son had the rib eye.
Both meals delicious.
Cooked perfectly and seasoned well.
If in Madison again, I would make a special trip to Erin's.

Food was delicious.
Between our party of 5 we had corned beef and cabbage, the blue gill, fish and chips and the whiskey BBQ ribs... All delicious.
The rib meat and corned beef fell off the bone.
The bread and cinnamon butter was also great.
Great beer selections.
The only criticism I have is the fries are a tad salty.

One of my favorite places to eat lunch.
Always a good experience.
Food is great and the service as well.

Spotted Erin's at a gas stop during a six hour trek to the north woods.
Let's see, lunch at a greasy spoon or at an Irish pub?
No-brainer.
The kids loved their sandwiches and the wife said her reuben was yum.
I had the chicken spinach-artichoke sammy and a tall draft Guinness.
Happy Dad.
Server was efficient and friendly to the kids.
I can't comment on the Friday night drinking scene but this may become a regular stop for us when traveling north.

I love going to this place, the atmosphere is 5 stars and service often 5 stars as well.
i wish there menu had a bit more to offer.
That being said, the food is very good.
last time Ihad a sammich, the artichoke spinach sandwhich and it was fantastic, homemade chips are special too.

Great server, nice and very attentive but not overly so.
The beer I selected was no longer available and she offered the Spotted Cow as something very similar.
It was quite nice and complemented my fish and chips.
The later was nothing special, I just had an craving for it plus I am departing on Friday.
I left stuffed.
Two filets along with thick cut fries and coleslaw.
Irish music in the background and college basketball on the tube.
The dining room was not too crowded for a Wednesday.
The bar had most stools occupied with folks that appeared to be regulars.
Oh, I nearly forgot the double decker bus parked out front.
I forgot to ask when they press it into service.

Back to poor service.
The food was ok, not worse than before but the experience was dreadful.
A coupe seated after us got their good, bill, paid, and left before we were midway through our meal.
Waiter was barely around.
Yes they have large groups but all that says to me is that the management is poor and they do not know how to schedule staff.
Service was so bad the waiter got $0 tip.
We will not be going back here for quite some time, once again.
Shame too because they are the only place I know of that has banoffie pie.

The worst service I've ever had.
I went there for lunch on a weekend.
It was reasonably busy, but not overwhelmingly so.
First, they seated us, brought coffee, and vanished.
Turns out they'd seated us in a area reserved for a private party, and when said party arrived, they had thus forgotten we were there.
Oops.
But forgivable.
So we were moved to another spot.
Where they took our order and then disappeared.
Again, apparently forgetting we were there.
At that point I was ready to leave, but part of me just wanted to see where this went.
I mean they forgot me!
Twice!
Hunger and curiosity overwhelmed my better instincts.
After tracking down another waiter, we got moved *again*, and our food was re-ordered and this time actually arrived.
It was...okay.
Nothing spectacular.
Certainly not worth the 90 minutes of trouble.
Our waitress apologized for all the inconvenience and offered us comped desserts.
Okay.
The desserts never came.
Nor did our waitress ever return.
I flagged down ANOTHER waiter, who said that we could just leave our payment.
I mentioned that we'd never actually seen a check - or our waitress - since our food arrived.
Turns out she'd closed out and left for the day.
It took a manager to re-open our check and figure out our bill.
I probably could've left without paying and nobody would've noticed, but I'd never forgive myself.
We FINALLY got our check...  ...and the desserts weren't comped, as they promised.
Total time for lunch: 3 hours.
Total number of times our waitstaff forgot we existed: 3.
Once is annoying, but forgivable.
Twice is hilariously bad.
THREE TIMES?
I may be forgettable, but I wasn't the only one at the table and my companion was wearing bright colors.
Never going back.

We were considering going into town for dinner and drinks, but then we found that this place was in walking distance of our hotel, so we figured we would take the easy route and just head here.
What a great decision!
Erin's is a great place.
The ambiance was that of your typical Irish pub - lots of dark wood and Guinness items on the walls.
A-ok with me.
We were seated in one of the side rooms with a huge big screen TV with sports on and a fireplace.
Very nice.
The menu had a decent selection - and the portions are huge.
We got the cardiac fries and an entrée - I barely touched my Sheppard's Pie (which was very good by the way) because I filled up on the fries, and I'm not one that balks at portion size.
They also had a good selection of beer and wine available.
Service was also very friendly and fast.
If you're staying on the east side of Madison, definitely check out this place - you won't regret it.

Service was good, food was solid if unspectacular.
Great atmosphere.
I'll give it another shot next time we're in town.

Good Irish food.
Shepherds pie is pretty tasty.
Drinks a plenty at Erins.
Also great music on stage.

Erin Snug is the closest we have found to an original Irish Pub.
After spending time in Ireland we long for the pubs of old!
:) The room divided Erin Snugs affords us the feel that we are back in Ireland.
New to the area and living close to Erin's we have been there more then any other establishment in the Madison area.
For dinner we try to get there early to avoid the rush that seems to start after 6 pm.
My husband and I usually split two dishes, our go to favorite of fish and chips, and one other to try something new.
We have loved everything except for the shepherds pie which we found a little bland.
We recommend the Fish and Chips for dinner and the Corn beef sandwich for lunch.
Also the Rueben rolls on the appetizer menu are great!
Service has always been good to great there.
One waitstaff even took the need we had for feeding our 2 month old into consideration when she was choosing a table for us.
Two of the times we have been there they have had some sort of live music.
Both times were a pleasant surprise.
Do take a moment to sit in front of the giant fireplace for a while.
Chad and I sit there after dinner and chat...prolonging needing to get our kids from the sitter.
:)   If you are in the area, do stop in for a Guinness and sandwich.
Well worth the stop.

I was here towards the end of March with a large group for a rehearsal dinner.
The menu wasn't the standard one posted online, but one put together for the party.
The appetizers were pretty standard, fries, poppers, etc.
Dinner was a pasta primavera, and it was mediocre.
The noodles were over cooked and almost mushy, the sauce was red and lacked any flavor until it was covered in salt & pepper and there weren't many veggies in the dish, there were maybe 1 piece cauliflower, 4 pieces of broccoli and 8-10 olives.
It wasn't that great and I ended up eating the bread and skipping the pasta dish.
The place is beautiful inside and the wait staff friendly and helpful.
I probably won't go back unless it's for drinks.

Had been here before for drinks and to listen to a band, it was great!
Tonight I was alone and wanted to get a bite to eat and didn't want to travel too far from my hotel.
Saw some great food reviews  on Yelp and decided to stop in.
The restaurant was about half full which I'm sure was about average for a Thursday night after 8pm.
I sat down at the bar to get a drink and to watch TV while I ate.
I waited a few minutes but the bartender did not see me so I moved to a location closer to where he seemed to spend most of his time.
I still had to flag him down to get his attention.
Then I found out what was  up!
Apparently the single woman in the corner needed a lot of attention!
Poor girl was having problems with the menu or something!
I got my drink finally, but he did not take my order and I really thought about putting a couple of bucks down and going somewhere else.
At that time a second bartender appeared so I asked him to take my order.
I had chicken noodle soup which was lukewarm and very average, (which came quick).
My salad was very fresh and had great flavor.
I was very surprised that my main dish came up about a minute latter.
Hardly had two bites of my salad!
I'm a huge Irish food fan and was looking forward to trying their Shepard's Pie.
It was pretty good, maybe a little dry , but had good flavor.
Not the best ever but I did like it.
It was well worth the price.
If you go hopefully you get a better bartender or sit at a table .
I liked most everything except the service.
My bartender said four things to me the whole night "what will you have"  "here you go" "are you done with this?
" And "would you like your check?
"  I'm sure he would have been better if it were not for the "distraction" in the corner!

As good as it gets!!!
HUGE square footage for a restaurant.
Fantastic food!!

Authentic, rustic, friendly and flavorful!
First and most memorable Irish pub experience in middle of Madison.
I had the Reuben sandwich and it was best corned beef outside of my mom's.
Tender, moist and oh so tasty!
Fries and slaw were average but nice compliment to my meal.
Max had Pub burger and he said was incredible!
The atmosphere and decor was warm, classy and very inviting.
Next time I wanna try the fish and chips or corned beef and cabbage.

This place had a nice and clean atmosphere, but the food sucked.
My wife had the Guinness beef stew and she hated it.
I had the trio salad.
The seafood salad was minced to almost liquid and the chicken salad was made with canned chicken.
The lettuce was going old.
The amount they are charging, the meals should be more quality.
If I returned it would be for a beer, but nothing else.

This place is beautiful!!
The food is pretty good.
We tried the combo appitizer, majority of it was very good.
The corn beef egg rolls were great!
I had the corn beef and cabbage and my husband had the shepherds pie.
Mine was okay, I expected a lot more from a Irish pub.
It was bland and nothing special.
(it did taste great at home the next day as corn beef hash) My husband loved the shepherds pie.
He said he would order it again for sure.
The place is amazing inside and very clean.
I would give 4 stars for this.
I only gave 3 stars because the service was disappointing.
We waited probably 45 minutes for appetizers and over 30 for our meals.
We also had to wait for drinks a lot.
This is what was disappointing...the service could have been better.
We will probably return here.

It was next to our hotel, looked better than what they offered.
I have been to better Irish Pubs with better food authentic food selections.
It was nice, clean and large restaurant.

I'm lucky Erin's pub is right by my job, With drinks worthy of any beer-snob, The snugness comes from the warm fire, With a Celtic theme to admire, And good food to shove down my gob!

Awesome first visit to this gem on American Parkway.
Upon entering you really get the feel of an Irish Public House (aka Pub).
We were greeted promptly and seated in Molly's Parlour ( each dining area has a specific name, including Cindy's Snug...where women had to be seated so as not to be seen imbibing!
)      The menu includes the Irish fare you'd expect as well as typical steak house cuisine.
I wanted very much to order the Guinness Stew, but was not certain it had the alcohol sufficiently cooked off.
Our server got us a sample, which was both generous and perfect for my taste buds and dietary needs.
My dining companion had a Guinness pour over a Blue Moon and declared it the best she'd ever tasted.
Service, food and atmosphere are perfect for this Celtic lass!!

This place would have been great in the early 1980's when restaurants really did not understand food

I had dinner here with two other travelers while on business in Madison.
The parking lot was completely full, and so I had high hopes for a great dinner.
When we got parked and inside, we found that the restaurant was hosting a few Christmas parties (the layout for the parties looked nice).
The restaurant itself is really beautiful - it is decorated in dark colors like you would expect from an Irish Pub, but still very bright and clean.
I had the Kelly's Top Sirloin with Rosemary Glaze (sauce recommended by our server).
I ordered medium rare, and it came out rare (and less than rare for some bites).
The Rosemary glaze was pretty good, but the sautéed vegetables were really bland like they were from the freezer section of the grocery store.
I ordered the Guinness Chocolate Cake for dessert - it was really disappointing, dry and pretty flavorless.
The bright side of dinner was that the beers were cold and the atmosphere was nice.

When visiting in the area, the front desk agent at our hotel recommended Erin's Snug for a good dinner.
We went there and were pleasantly surprised--the food was delicious!
We had calamari, which came with a wonderful dipping sauce, and their all you can eat fish and chips.
Service was decent, but the restaurant seemed to be kind of noisy.

We LOVE Erin's Snug!
You can always get a table (the place is huge), the staff is friendly, and the food is great.
You can hunker down in a deep booth, sit by a fire, or hang out on the patio.
Unlike a lot of pub grub, Erin's food isn't frozen/ microwaved garbage.
The Twisted Chicken Tenders are my favorite.

I'm always excited to go to Erin's Snug Pub.
I've been here for lunch a few times and a late dinner once.
I was served quickly and politely every time.
For lunch, I first tried the T.B.L.T (turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato) w/ a side salad and liked it so much that it's what I ended getting for lunch the other two times - trying various sides.
Erin's Pub managed to take even something as simple as mixed veggies and make it taste awesome.
Great ambiance and good beer selection too.

Love the atmosphere!
No Irish feel was spared in the detailed design of the building both inside and out.
It is beautiful and upscale and yet very fairly priced.
I had the black cow beer after reading the high reviews and it was delish!
I also had the Guinness stew, despite fair reviews, and I thought it was good.
It's served with a very flaky pastry which was a neat touch to the dish and was a better than expected pair.
3 people at my table got various types of steak, all of which loved it!
The corned beef sandwich was also very good.
Our only suggestion was more kraut for the colcannon.
Definitely a great place for families, dates, or friends to get together!

This first-class pub and restaurant is a beautiful spot for an evening out in Madison.
We stopped in for just a beer and a snack and were impressed at the decor, wondering if we were in over our heads.
We sat at the bar, chatting with our friendly bartender, who cheerfully took time to help us choose the perfect brews for our tastes.
The man next to us at the bar introduced himself, and lo and behold, we soon learned he was the owner--eager for us to try some of his favorite meals and his signature chocolate cake.
His enthusiasm and warmth helped make it an enjoyable hour for us as we chatted, munched through a plate of wings (order them naked with dips--DELICIOUS) and watched the women's NCAA basketball finals.
We left satisfied, warmed, and eager for yet another visit, next time for dinner.
Maybe even for the St. Paddies Day event with bagpipers and green beer.
We highly recommend this spot, which was busy even on a Tuesday night.
It's easy to see why.

We found our way here on the road to our hotel.
It's a bit out of the way from the freeway.
We found it on a road trip cross country.
Loved all that we had.
If you can finish what they give you, I'd be amazed.

I brought my husband here a year after my first trip and this place still was just as amazing as the first visit.
Worth the trip.

I had a corned beef sandwich and fried cheese curds.
Sandwich was pretty good, cheese curds were great!

Service is fantastic.
Friendly and efficient.
The food is home cooked.
For example  the potatoe skins are not purchased frozen and then deep fried.
Real potatoes that the cooks prepare.
The shepherd pie is made of lamb like it should be.
The ribeye was juicy and delicious.
Great selection of beer too.
I will be back next time I am in Madison.

Went to Erin's on a Friday night with friends for dinner.
Atmosphere is very nice, but the food was just above average, and the fish fry $13.99 is about $2 more than competitors.
I ordered the petite filet which was cooked well, but the place was so incredibly loud we couldn't hear our server, or one another talk.
After asking, the manager moved us to a booth which was somewhat quieter, but we still had a hard time hearing conversation at our table.
If you like loud, this is your place; but don't plan to converse with your tablemates during a busy time.
Overall, I would like to try this place for lunch or another time when it's perhaps quieter.
My bill for 2 drinks and an entree $36; with tip - $45.
Overall I was very disappointed.

Met up there with friends for happy hour.
We checked in with the hostess, told her we wanted to do happy hour and she told us to just grab a table in the bar area.
We waited 15 minutes while servers passed us by in the un-crowded bar before we finally flagged one down.
She seemed surprised that we wanted service and told us we needed to check in with the hostess.
We told her we already did and she told us to sit at any table in the bar.
The server didn't seem like she believed us as she kept repeating that the hostess had to seat us if we wanted service.
Finally, she offered to get us a server.
The server showed up to our table a few minutes later and gave us one menu and one drink menu for the four of us and then left without a word.
Needless to say we left and went elsewhere.

