This place was good.
I had a Super Vegetarian Burrito with potatoes and it was good.
Could've had a bit more beans, but that's ok, Since a Vegetarian Burrito didn't normally come with potatoes.
Burrito was $4.37.
Good cheap eats.
I'd return for sure.

I love hole in the wall places - this one is definitely it!
I am very tempted to give it 2 stars - but because the food was very hot, fresh, and good, I had to go with the 3 stars.
We met after my grandson's baseball game for a quick lunch on a Saturday.
This place is nothing to look at from the outside, looks like a Taco Hut right off the beaten path of Apache Junction.
There are about 5 tables total and a little bit of standing room at the counter.
The best part was that they spoke English!
We ordered our food and pulled some tables together since there was 7 of us.
Here is where my problem started, BIG SIGN says "NOW WE HAVE AC!
" Thank goodness I thought since it was 90 degrees outside!
NO AC working today - Yes there was a wall unit AC at both ends, but I think only one of them was working partly.
Just sitting there eating I was in a sweat!
I can't do that, no matter how good the food is.
My advice - come and take your food home!
Or better yet eat outside if it's cool enough.

We have been to Los Favoritos twice.
The first time we had nachos and were disappointed, I could have done that.
We tried a second time for breakfast and found the bean and egg burrito and the green chili burrito to be delicious!
We will try again as we have heard the ceviche and the burgers are delicious.
If they turn out to be a hit I will raise my star level!

My wife and I are addicted to this place.
Not much to look at, not many seats... but if you are looking for some good mexican food, this taco shack is awesome.
I would even take it a step further and say they are better the bertos chains.

I have upgraded Los Fave's to 5 stars!
I'm SO GLAD I gave them another try!
I now go every Saturday morning for a bean and egg burrito and often during the week for a green chile burrito for dinner.
Their red salsa is INCREDIBLE!
Update on the hamburger reference in my earlier review...I'm told they are nasty:(.
But I don't care, I don't eat hamburgers anyway!
I still want to try to ceviche!

Good food for the price.
Definitely better than the chains.
We had the vegetarian (rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, onion, guacamole) and the adobada (ground beef) burritos with red (mild) and green (medium) sauce on the side.
The vegetarian burrito was very large.
It was $9 for both.

This little shack serves good food.
They are a Filibertos clone, with all of the same food, but I think they they make most of the food better, or at least as good.
The California Burrito is awesome.
So why do I only give them 3 stars?
It is a shack in a dirt lot.
Honestly, that keeps me away.
I realise that most of these type of shops are in rundown or older buildings, but this place is particularly old.
A newer building with a drive through would get my 5 star rating.

BOMB!!!!!!
Enough said!
I am super picky with mexican food too.

Solid breakfast burritos.
Full of flavor, they don't skimp on the meat and potatoes.
I also prefer tasting the tortilla and they deliver.
My friend enjoyed hers too, but prefers more egg.
Great to stop and go grab a quick bite after a hike.
No need to feel underdressed...after writing all this a trip to the bathroom changed my feelings about coming here.
A backed up, unmaintained rest room *barf* if that's how the public restroom is I can only wonder about the kitchen (where my thoughts go).

