I never would have thought I'd have so much fun!
You choose from a wall of blank pottery, from cups to dishes ,jewelry boxes to dog bowls, frames, statues, lamps and clocks, and they have all the tools you need to paint and decorate till your hearts content.
Leave your piece to be glazed and fired and you can pick it up in a few days!
The staff are great, super friendly and helpful!
You can even order pieces to be custom painted and you wont even have to get your hands dirty.
Any of the pieces would make a great gift, made from the heart!
This is great for kids and adults and even more fun with groups, (small UYE anyone??
) Take your out of town guests to make a souvenir of their time spent with you!
Make a reservation because they can fill up quick.
I don't know what else to say except, TRY IT YOU'LL LOVE IT!
I can't wait to go back again and again!!
**I will post pics when I get my pieces back!

I picked up my finished pieces (see pics)!

makes me feel so artistic!!!
baaahahahaha!
its kinda pricey but is so fun.

A friend invited me here to beat the heat one Sunday afternoon and while I initially didn't find it appealing (as this is a non-alcoholic scene) I am open-minded enough to try anything once.
I'm not into knick-knacks and had a tough time choosing an item to paint from their rather large selection of ceramic pieces which range from signs to hang on your wall to picture frames, serving platters, and bookends.
You pay for the item you choose to paint and the store provides the supplies - paint, brushes, stencils and stickers, sponges - anything you can think of to help create your masterpiece.
What I found that I enjoyed the most out of this was that it was relaxing.
I'm constantly on the go and it's often difficult for me to mellow out with my yap shut.
When it was all said and done, meticulously working on a small art project for a few hours actually bounced me back better to me than an afternoon siesta.
I can't say that I'm going to do this on a regular basis but I tried it, I enjoyed it, and it's been filed in the mental rolodex.

This is the second As you Wish that I've been to.
The first one I went to was in Mesa and it was really nice.
This location wasn't as great.
First off, the air was broken.
I mean I guess that isn't their fault but this is Arizona and it's July!
The girls who worked there were really helpful and nice, which was a plus.
The selection was horrible though.
There was only one rack of paints (the one I went to had three)   Besides that, they barely had any stencils or designs to choose from.
The one in Mesa had an entire wall full of stencils and books and ideas.
This location literally had three binders of designs and one tiny basket of stencils.
I don't see how one As you Wish had such an abundance of materials and this one got left out.
It's in such a hot spot too!
Oh well, I still had a lot of fun with my little brother.

I have visited As You Wish twice, each time with my mom and favorite cousin.
The three of us went in the first time not really knowing what to expect but felt pretty sure we would create masterpieces.
Not so much.
First of all, about the place.
The shop is really nice - colorful, organized, and welcoming.
The employees are friendly and helpful and do a great job explaining everything you need to know on your first visit.
Even though the store is pretty spacious, it can be a little tight in there, especially when all the tables are full and people are milling about selecting pottery, paint, switching out water, or asking staff for help.
That said, the tables are a good height and the chairs are pretty comfortable.
Be warned, though - if you have more than three in your group, a four-top table will be a very tight squeeze.
On my second visit, my cousin's husband joined us, and between all of our pottery, 3-4 bottles of paint each, two bowls of water, brushes, sponges, and paper towels, we didn't have any room to spare.
Thankfully, we didn't spill or drop anything, but we came close.
If you're visiting for the first time and have no experience paining pottery (or painting anything more than a wall, really), and/or are lacking artistic inclination, here's some advice: don't select a "blank canvas" piece.
I know, all of the pottery is plain what.
What I mean is don't select a gigantic plate or a trinket box.
Select something with "guides," like the cupcake or robot.
On our first visit, my cousin and I each selected a trinket box.
We both had visions of creating masterpieces.
In reality, I ended up with a black box with hints of blue and purple swirled around.
Hers was no better,  We knew better when we went back.
I went with the dragon and was able to use the raised and contoured areas as guides for paint placement.
It was so much easier than trying to design something on my own, and let me tell you - the finished product came out so nicely!
So those are my two cents.
Having a girls' pottery painting party has become tradition for us and I'm already looking forward to going back.
Even if your first pottery piece comes out like my ugly black box, it's worth it for all the laughs you'll have with the people you're with!

I did not know I could still be creative since it had been years since I had done anything that involves even a minor level of creativity.
But what fun was this!
A girl friend took initiative here to organize a kitchen tea on a recent Saturday afternoon.
We were a table of 6 girl friends that were scheduled for some pottery making!
My initial idea of this venue was admittedly a little different but better than expected in so many ways!
For one we did not have to get all that dirty.
Not dirty at all really.
Also not that I mind dirty.
This is for those who wonder whether to go or not to go.
And two - we were able to bring along our own food and drinks which made for excellent responsibility sharing in the wining and dining arena.
Once we were set up with our party arrangements and have had some snacks and champagne we were inspired to start our artistic journey.
The idea was to have each of the 6 friends make a dinner plate (or item of the bride to be's choice) which we will then give to her as a wedding present.
I thought this idea was really original.
So the bride to be selected her dinner plates of choice after which we were briefed by a very friendly and sweet staff member as to the different effects that the paint will have once the plates were baked.
All informed we went to select the different colors we needed for our different art works.
Everybody started painting and each one of us got really involved with their own creation.
The event took us much longer than we anticipated but in such a good way.
We finished about 4 hours after starting off but much enlightened by the activity.
Everybody agreed that we will have to go here again for the sheer enjoyment and good feeling of togetherness it promoted.
I have not yet seen the end product as one of our friends went to pick up our designs - but we will presenting our collective gift to the bride to be soon :)  Go go here for a stimulating outing with good friends/family/kids!

Look, As You Wish is plain fun.
I'm not an artist and I'm not particularly creative, but each time I go, and I've been a few times, I end up staying way longer than I expected and creating a piece that's way better than I thought I had in me.
I understand that some of the bigger pottery is mighty expensive, but grab something medium sized, bring a bottle of wine or a couple of beers (yep, BYOB), and spend an afternoon or evening there.
Make it worth the money.
This location also has some exceptionally talented and helpful staff.
If you're a man in need of some brownie points, this is a great date location, just have fun with it.

we spent the afternoon here painting before going to see Brave.
I left my change behind accidentally.
They called me to tell me they had my $3 and were setting it aside for me to grab when i picked up our pottery.
above and beyond what most people would do.

My daughter & I had a great time painting our potterey here.
Potterey selection is very good (a little pricey though).
We did buy the punch card & that saves us money on our painting time.
I am happy to see they offer glass fusing now too, I am looking forward to making a platter in the glass fusing class.

I've been to this location 3 times now (2 times for events, once for a free paint session with my daughter).
I always get immediate assistance with a project, the staff is more than willing to help out, and it is a fun way to spend a little time.
I always take my daughter with me, she's 5, and every time we go she asks when we can come back.
The most recent event was the Dog Paw Print ornaments.
We made our reservation and had no more than a few moments wait while they took care of the pup in front of us.
They were in and done quickly and we will pick up the result this week (which they paint in order to speed up the process and freak the dogs out the least).
I've done 2 Mother's Day events (one here, one at Desert Ridge), and by far the best location was Rio Salado.
It was much more organized and the staff really had their stuff together.
I think this years' project was the best and with the step by step instructions, it turned out so well.
And I was hesitant to do another project after the 2011 fiasco at the Desert Ridge location.

Went here, checked out the place and filled out a job application.
Nice place, rather small, but perfect for taking a child or even a friend to create a fun pottery craft or buy something already made.
Very friendly staff.
Lots to see and do here if you're a crafty person.

I love visiting As You Wish and wish I could paint/craft more often.
I find it fun and relaxing.
It's easy - just follow these three steps: First, pick out something you want to paint.
Second, find the paint you want to use.
Third, paint!
They have items for both children and adults from piggy banks to platters.
I've painted all sorts of items - cups, lamps, tiles, etc.
I even talked my husband into coming with me once and he painted a spoon rest!
(One that doesn't see the light of day.
)   I recently came with a girlfriend who had never been and she was a little intimidated since she wasn't sure what she wanted to paint.
I can understand that feeling because there is so much to choose from and unless you have a design in your head, you might be sitting there staring at the paint wondering if you want bright yellow or maroon.
Luckily, there are plenty of finished pieces you can look at and get an idea if you are stuck.
I'm really into roosters/chickens and found this awesome plate painted with a rooster design that I loved.
I used that as a basis for my most recent project and it turned out wonderful.
Once you are done painting, sign the bottom (optional) and the store will fire your masterpiece in the kiln.
The finished product is usually ready in 3 days (the employees will tell you when you can pick up your piece).
Then you can come back, pick up your piece and be on your way or start all over again and design something new.
As You Wish is more than just a pottery place - they have classes on painting, glass making (designs and jewelry) and a few other items.
I'd love to come back and take a class.
If you love artsy craft projects, I'd definitely recommend coming here.
They have locations all throughout the valley!

This place is such a fun and relaxing atmosphere,  and of course to get your artsy on :D feeling Like a kid again.
I love it here.
As you wish can be a date night, a all girls night out and of course to bring your kids ( my nephews)  or just to come because you want to feel young again and want to whip up something neat ^___________^;;  I always had good customer service here.
The girls come to our table and make sure we are doing okay, they'll give me examples and ideas for my project.
Very helpful :)

As you wish is so much fun!
I've been here a few times to paint and it's a good chance to be creative.
I always spend a lot more time here than I mean to.
Feels like I've just starting painting and next thing I know I've been here for 3 hours.
There's lot of different kinds of pottery to paint and canvas and glass works that you can do as well.
I've made food things here for my kitchen which are fun and a few other decorations to have around my house.
I like being able to show people something I did when they are at my house.

