In Surprise this is probably the best Chinese offering which isnt saying a whole lot.
I really wish there was an awesome offering out there in terms of Chinese food.. Mexican food, oh yeah, some very good places mostly but Asian, youre better off staying at home and cooking.
We ordered the Asian Chicken Salad, chicken was old and had that old gross fridge taste.. Dan Dan Noodle, the noodles were over cooked and stuck together as one large soggy noodle.. Curry with Tofu, the curry had a weird perfume taste.. the honey chicken was pretty good as well as the hot and sour soup though neither made for good leftovers.
With Surprise having so many chains it wasnt surprising to see one of these finally opening up.. a far better choice than Panda Express.. kind of sad, huh?

The vegetarian options are pretty good, especially if you like tofu.
The restaurant was out of napkins the last time I was there and the staff was friendly.
I would recommend the take-out option versus dining in though.

I'm not saying Pei Wei is the best asian food I've ever tasted, far from it, it's a fairly large chain that puts on the appearance of something more refined, it's essentially to Asian food what Olive Garden is to Italian Food.
With that said I've always had pretty good experiences with Pei Wei, the food although not spectacular is better than some of the overcooked chicken drowning in MSG offered by some of the local chinese restaurants.
the portions are good sized, the food is generally consistent, and the prices are really reasonable considering this is a corporate chain in some cases cheaper than the local establishments.
or dare I say it's name "panda express" (which is overpriced crap)  the time before last that I went they forgot the tomato's and the dressing for an asian chopped chicken salad that my wife ordered, I didn't discover that the dressing was missing until I got home, I immediately called the restaurant and was speaking to a manager within 30 seconds.
The manager apologized and asked me If I would like to come back to the restaurant or if he could have my address so he could send me a gift certificate.
I decided to go back to the restaurant, when I got the restaurant I told the person at the counter my name and they already had a bag set aside for me, the manager came over and explained to me there was another full salad in the bag, and he put additional dressing for the salad we already had, and additionally he gave me a coupon for free lettuce wraps.
(which mental note: I need to use)  I must say I was impressed with this manager, and it was refreshing after being in situations where a manager has taken back the bag/plate and essentially "un-F$@k's" your food and returns it to you.
Overall great customer service, consistent food, and a good option for takeout in surprise.

Pei Wei is a fast, easy, cheaper PF Chang's - and that's what makes it great!
If you like the tofu dishes at PF Chang's, you'll love Pei Wei.
The food here is great.
The service is exceptional.
And the portions are huge!
I usually end up taking about half the food home with me.
Also, compared to other lunch spots near by (like Paradise Bakery), it's really not all that busy.
Of course, it's not authentic Asian food, but you shouldn't be expecting that when you come here anyway.

Food is good and consistent and the service is always great.
I've never dined in, but get take-out fairly often.
I love being able to just say "same as last time" when I call it in.
Not as good as PF Changs, but certainly better than most other Asian-ish places in Surprise.
Be aware that they use shitake mushrooms is almost everything, but they are fine with custom orders if you don't want them.
All in all, it's not my favorite place, but I always enjoy it every time.

Very tasty Chinese food!
The prices are reasonable and serving sizes are generous.
I really enjoyed the Mongolian Beef!
Dont forget to grab a fortune cookie from the bowl on your way out!

Typical big business chinese place.
Slightly fancy but very average food.
Kinda like a fast food place.... you walk up and order then get your own drinks etc.
Portions are very small.
Prices are higher than average.
They offer a few different vegetarian options but it all tastes pretty bad  do yourself a favor and also support a local business and eat at big buddha around the corner.
Its much better food

I really don't understand how anyone can eat the food from here.
Granted, I am Chinese and enjoy authentic food, however I like good Chinese American food.
For someone who usually doesn't leave food on her plate unless it is really bad, I could not finish my meal because it was tasteless and below average.

Came here with my friend today cause we were starving and decide to go whichever next place we saw.
And we were very surprised at how pretty the inside of the restaurant looked.
The decor was amazing.
I ordered the Japanese teryaki bowl vegetarian style and it was amazing.
I loved the tofu and the brown rice and the veggies.
My friend ordered the lo mein and she loved it.
We didn't finish due to the fact that the portions are huge.
(we didn't know it was a like share the bowl type of place, and when we figured it out we didn't do it because hers had meat).
But overall this place was amazing.
The employees are very very nice!
And this place is vivid and just amazing.
WAY better than panda express.
I will definately come here again, and recomend it to everyone!!

Found this the other night.
It is the PF Chang fast food option and it worked perfectly for us.
Limited menu, but lower prices.
Very basic decor, but clean and fast seating.
Lettuce Wraps just as good as Chang's.
Very busy, especially the take out.
Glad to have it close

Very consistent food.
Definitely a second best to P.F.
Chang's.

All around great flavor and portions.
Perfect for take-out always consistent the fam eats here about three times a month never had a bad meal.

I ordered the teriyaki bowl and it was great food for the price.
Quite impressed by the variety of options on the menu.
Not sure if this location was the one I tried.

Closed :-( and still has the new sign up.
Sad to see it go.

I had the garlic ginger broccoli chicken and it was not very good.
The broccoli was hardly cooked and the sauce was way to sweet.
Everything else was great.
I will give them a few more tries before I write them off as another crappy Asian restaurant in Surprise.

1st!
Place is not closed.
There was an issue with legal workers in the franchise chain.
Now they are back!
Food is one of the best!
Especially their chicken mango!
Daughter is a huge PF Chang fan, so she loves this place also!
Her favorite is their Mongolian beef, and noodles!
They are always coming up with something new, so you may have to try them more then a few times.

Service is a 4  .
Very sloppy also the hot and sour soup aint that  bad if u add enough chile paste and salt and soy sauce the gentleman named pop he is the manager great service from him and this other lady did not get her name unfortunetly  I've changed my rating 2 times that's how impressed I am

Me and my wife tried this place for the first time yesterday.... what a mistake!
I had the Pad Thai with shrimp and steak, it was horrible!!!!
the steak tasted like leather, the shrimp tasted like rubber balls of bland white fish.
I will not go back, my wife's meal was horrid also...  An off night?
don't know, but if it tastes like this all the time, they will not be in business much longer...
Guaranteed!

What can I say, I'm a sucker for Pei Wei.
When we lived in California, I heard the place was shut down.
Glad to move back and see it open.
Take out rocks, call ahead.
They remember your phone number and name, so when you call they already know you.
They also save your last order to ask if you want the same, or to add anything to it... Nice touch.
I think I eat there too much!
The only thing I don't like, and I think I'm the only one who doesn't like it, is the soda machine.
Only because I always get a soda after someone has pumped out some nasty combination of orange soda and root beer, then I can taste it in my coke.
Wish they had some filter system.
Otherwise, I could eat here daily.
Find me here at least once a week!

I love Pei Wei since it's just a bit more affordable than PF Changs.
This is the first restaurant in the chain where I found patrons tipping the servers.
Although I don't mind leaving a dollar when it's due I find it hard to do when they don't do very much, especially since it's more of a counter service experience.

This is pretty good.
My wife and I usually split lettuce wraps and an entree of some sort.
It's convenient to be able to order take out online.
Overall, if I'm really in the mood for chinese food I'm going to make the drive a little further out to Big Buddha on Greenway and the 303, but this is a good substitute as it's about 1 minute from my house.

We use them to cater family get-togethers.
Love the vegetarian dishes, especially the baked tofu- yum!
The Mongolian beef is a favorite with family.
When we dine in we always get the lettuce wrap.

1st visit had the lo mein...delish!
2nd visit had the teriyaki...fine if you like salt.
Ick!

Great for catering family get togethers at Grandmothers place.
We usually get 3 to 4 trays for 12 people.

45 minute wait for a take out order.
Tried calling it in, but now I see why it didn't work.
Even the manager is ignoring the phone.

I love the lettuce wraps here.
They are simply the best.
I order carry out often from here.
I occasionally dine in.
My problem with the dinning in is the seating.
It is always difficult to find a seat.
The place really needs to expand.
If you have a party of more than 4 most days you can hang it up.
Other than the seating I like it.
Large portions of rice and noodles.
A little stingy on the meat.

Took the family there last week.
Ordered fried wontons, sweet and sour beef, Mongolian beef, honey crusted chicken and pad Thai noodles.
The Mongolian beef was delicious, however the white rice was undercooked, some of the rice was hard still and crunchy.
Honey crusted chicken also quite good, same story with the rice.
Same thing with the sweet and sour beef.
Ordered the Pad Thai without peanuts...
Son is allergic to peanuts so we made it very clear we didn't want anything with nuts.
They deliver the pad Thai with peanuts all over the top.
Sent it back and they fixed it.
They brought us spring rolls which we did not order.
We said they were not ours we ordered wontons.
They bring us the wontons a few minutes later.
The wontons are less expensive than the spring rolls, we point that our to the guy at the register and with a bit of smart-alecky-ness says that he "let us keep the spring rolls" and "didn't charge is for all of our drinks" as if he did us a favor.
Overall the food was decent, the rice was terrible and the attitude of the cashier was not what I expected with a $65 food order!!
I wouldn't go back for that price and food quality but perhaps we caught them on a bad day..

Definitely not a fan.
Coming from Orange County, CA, I have high expectations when it comes to Asian food.
Suffice to say that Panda Express would have been a better choice, which is pretty sad.

The food was fantastic!
I highly recommend  the lettuce wraps.

Stopped in for a last minute dinner and was very disappointed.
I ordered the broccoli/chicken and when it came it was floating in soy sauce.
It looked more like a soup bowl rather than the entree it was supposed to be.
The manager was very kind and had the dish remade but by that time, my husband had finished his dinner and dinner was ruined.
I doubt that I would return.

Great service and food.
Manager runs a tight ship.
Happy customer!

Same consistent quality and service, just like locations in ca, San Marcos and others.
Good for group of 8.
Prices are reasonable, you can order a few items and try it all, family style.
Prices $8 to $15 range.

I love how convenient the location is.
It's right near stores and other restaurants, as well as neighborhoods.
The food is outstanding and the prices are reasonable.
I would love to eat here again!

Wife and I went last week and we should go more often.
Sat at the counter watching the Cooks perform their magic, and they are very friendly...Started with the Pork Egg Rolls, a bit overpriced and not enough veggies in the roll...
Wife had the Chicken Teriyaki with noodles...
Tasted hers and it was very good..
I had the new Thai Lime Chile Beef with brown rice...
I could eat there everyday.. O.K.
maybe twice a day!
The quality is great, P.F.CHANG GOOD!

If I could give no stars I would.
My family placed an order to be picked up and were told to be there at 7:20.
We get there and I sit waiting for the food until 8!
Nobody acted like it was a big deal when I told them and just said "oh.... Well we are running behind.
" Um okay?!
We get home and they forgot to put the crab puffs in my bag.
Didn't bother going back and moved on to our meals.
My honey glazed chicken was average, edible.
My husbands sweet and sour chicken was so soggy it was disgusting!
Couldn't even eat it.
My daughter loves fried rice and wouldn't even eat hers, it was so greasy.
We all ended up eating PB&J's and it was 100x better than anything we brought home.

Everything was good except Thai chicken wraps.
Too much cilantro, absolute overkill.
I think long stems is just yucky, cut them off!!
Korean beef was ok but just missed the flavor I'm used to in this dish.
Service is always spot on.

Awful service and average food.
Ordered two dinners and two apps.
They brought 1 app, 4 minutes later brought 1 dinner, after another 3 minutes they brought the other dinner.
When I asked the server when my other app was coming he said "I don't know what he is doing back there".
So I asked the cooks what's up and they had not even started it.
5 minutes later it came and the manger didn't say a word when dropping it off.
Food was average.

I really like Pei Wei.
Healthy ingredients.
Great service!
Really appreciate their current manager, he does a great job.
I usually get my orders to go.
I customize their teriyaki bowl to make it gluten free.
Every once in a rare while the veggies on the dish has a hint of their teriyaki sauce and it has to be remade.
Maybe 4 times in over 5 years.
I wish they cooked with something other than soy oil.
One of their oils actually does contain gluten so you have to be careful.

