This is a hidden little gem in the Valley art scene.
We've been here a few times for family fun day and on other occasions it's always a good time for the kids with lots of activities and appearances by children's authors and PBS characters.
As for the exhibits, the ones on display when we've been there have perfectly fine, although I don't completely get the concept of grouping a Hogarth with Cuban art and other random pieces just because they include text.
It's a University art museum so the selection is a bit limited, but we have been impressed with their permanent collection as well as the ceramic exhibits which are just across the street from the main exhibit.
While some of the art has mature themes, so does much of the greatest art from all times that are located in art museums all across the United States and Europe.
So is this museum appropriate for children?
Well, I'd much rather expose my children to mature themes and pictures in an art museum than have them learn about them through friends or on the internet.

This was my favorite place to meditate in my emo, self indulgent thoughts as an undergraduate, and as I have grown out of that, I find myself returning there for quiet reflection time.
This museum is really dedicated to bringing art and artists to the community - making it accessible and understandable.
I love how they curate and arrange work, really making me explore and think about different things as I travel through.

Very cool little Art Museum.
This contemporary building is kinda hidden in the ASU campus, but is quite a find.
Great Museum store offers numerous unique items that are great for gifts.
Great first experience and I look forward to going back for many more.

Chances are, you've driven past the ASU Art Museum several hundred times and never realized that it was hiding within the concrete jungle of ASU.
At least, that's what happened to me!
It wasn't until recently, that I discovered the ASU Art Museum and let me just say that if you are a lover of artwork and you haven't been, it's high time you visit!
First off, this museum is free to visit.
Yes free!
It's a non-profit so they happily accept donations, but they don't require a fee to visit.
The museum is about three stories and filled with everything from paintings to sculptures.
It's got a modern art vibe and the artwork is the type that you can stare at for awhile before moving on to the next piece.
This is an intimate museum but not one to be missed!
Hidden within a concrete building, you enter the museum by walking down a staircase to enter underground.
A concrete jungle with water fountains welcome you and a gift shop with all locally made pieces entice you inside.
Once inside, visit each room and explore the art hidden inside.
I can't believe I walked past the museum so many times over the years while on my way to Gammage and never realized this little artistic gem was hiding at my finger tips!

Nice museum, interesting art.
I liked the classics.

Such a beautiful campus.
The art in the museum was of an assorted variety.
There was pretty, thought provoking, and fun art of all mediums on display.
It was a very entertaining night and I had a lot of fun with the visual feast Yelp and the musem provided.
The building itself reminded me of the movie 'The Labyrinth'.
I was holding my breath waiting for David Bowie to pop out as I made my way throughout the building.

This is a beautiful building with a lot of local artists work new and old.
Definitely worth the trip and a great place to take out of town guests.
It's free and your right by lots of great restaurants and fun shops on Mill Ave.  Add this to your list!

As Lindsey F states in her review: " chances are you've driven past the ASU Art Museum several hundred times and never realized that it was there!
Next time you're taking a cruise down Mill Ave, STOP and go inside the museum.
Did you know that this museum was named amed "the single most impressive venue for contemporary art in Arizona" by Art in America Magazine?
Pretty impressive stuff.
It's hard not to spend time just appreciating the structure alone, with its Egyptian influence and maze like floor plan.
That alone makes this place stand out in my eyes.
The museum is nonprofit and works diligently to maintain an environment that's educational and relevant to our lives with collections ranging from contemporary art and new media to ceramics, prints and Southwestern Art and Art of the Americas.
Just stop in and view the exhibits, you'll see.
It's incredibly refreshing to see the passion from behind the scenes, from the museum director Gordon Knox, to the curators and the ASU Art Museum Advisory Board, that essentially represents the community.
I was here for the first for a Yelp event was instantly impressed by what they are doing here at museum.
Did you know they also have projects that the museum globally?
Think Italy, China, Kenya, Australia, Boston.
I was lucky to attend a recent private opening for an incredible collection that will be at the museum through September.
It's not to be missed.
The museum is quite lucky to house the selected works of art from La Colección Jumex, from Mexico City, which happens to be one of the largest and most important contemporary art collections in Latin America.
Quite frankly, the public should know it's a rare opportunity.
The works of art represent emerging and established arts alike from Mexico, the US, Europe and Latin America.
Pieces were selected from the Jumex Collection in effort to depict the Arizona/Mexico border relationship.
The exhibit is smart and thoughtful and the breadth and depth of the works of art leave much to interpretation.
I loved it.
I walked through it about four times, it had me thinking.
That's just one example of what the ASU Art Museum is up to.
It truly is a gem and my hopes are that people continue to appreciate it and the more people come to know more about it.
Ps.
Make sure to stop by the Museum store.
They've got some interesting items and I especially appreciate some of the jewelry lines they carry, which are all handmade and high quality.

I came here on a Friday for a class field trip with my art class.
It was a little hard to find at first since it was my first time being here.
There is a lot of parking so that is a plus, and a lot of it is free parking.
I ended up finding the museum and it actually blew me away.
It is super cool inside and the ceiling is architecturally designed beautifully.
After I got out of my class I got to walking around the rest of the museum and all the different rooms with art works are so cool and amazing.
I definitely recommend coming here if you have nothing else to do during the summer or if you are here on vacation.
It is free which is awesome too!

