As I am want to do, trying newly opened restaurants is kind of fun.
So I stop in to the new AH-SO Sushi & Steak in Goodyear.
It is an open modern room with a few TVs and overly loud rock playing.
So I wait at the host table in the entrance and wait some more.
There are perhaps two table of people already seated, not unusual for 2:25 pm.
I spot the menu and as I wait I take a look, not over ambitious in choice and far from inexpensive but I figure give it a try.
So I wait some more.
But it the end I give the door another try and leave, I am not about to waste my life waiting for a fool to see they have a customer wanting to be seated.
So for me it is AH-SO_No.

Ah-So is a great addition to the Goodyear area.
I walked into an enjoyable environment, with helpful service and great food.
My friends have enjoyed the happy hour specials, and their great sushi offerings almost every week for a month now.
I have not tried much of the teppanyaki table offerings, but from the sushi menu,  I can say that I have fully enjoyed the experience.
We will return regularly for good food and good times.

Wifey and I went on New Year's Day (couldn't make it the eve due to family emergency) so we sat at the grill side table.
All in all very good, tasty, good sized portions, etc.
The cook was not the most chatty, but did provide good entertainment, cooked to order and no complaints.
A bit pricey, but then again, you get food and "entertainment".
We were somewhat disapointed to see the numerous flat panel TV's with sports all over, along with the NFL helmets on the wall.
We will be back for certain (especially now that since ~as of my drive by 10 minutes ago~ that Ichi-Ban on Litchfield is closed)!

I was in the mood to try Tepanyaki and Ah-So is much closer to me than Benihana's.
But I was not happy with the food.
It was not as tasty.
The fried rice was pretty bland.
The soup they bring you and the salad were pretty tasty and the shrimp we got was worth it.
I don't think I will go back though b/c it just wasn't the same as Benihana.
For as pricey as it was, it just wasn't what I hoped for tastewise.
Meh.

The food is not too bad.
Our server seemed very new and confused on orders and what should come out and when.
Other then that good atmosphere.
I will return.

My family and I visited this location tonight because I wanted some sushi.We walk inside and there was no wait,we decided to not sit at one of the grills so they sat us in a corner 1/2 booth 1/2 table....i mean really in the corner totally away from anyone else!
I felt like I was being punished or something, I opened the menu and was shocked by the prices,really over $10 for a kids meal?
I wanted to get up and leave right away but I didnt....big mistake!
Our waitress came over and I couldnt understand a thing she said,I just said iced tea!
she came with our drinks and took our order,I ordered the filet mignon(which said it was comparable to kobe beef) and the hubby ordered the "steak" ......ok it just said steak nothing else.the kids both ordered the steak as well,we also got a crunchy california roll and a volcano roll.our miso soup came out and was ok but ive had better,the "salad" was iceberg lettuce with a half slice of tomato on top...not so good!
the rolls came out and I liked mine which was the cali roll but they put a sauce on top which I didnt like,the volcano roll was soooo disgusting!
hubby ordered it so im not sure exactly what was in it but it has cooked salmon wrapped around it,I ate one and almost threw up,it took all my strength not to.our food comes out,we all had the same exact food on our plates,"steak" mixed veggies,and a mound of fried rice.
the steak was cubed and tasteless,I tried both my hubbys steak and mine and couldnt tell the difference,no wonder they give you 2 different sauces....you will need them!
The veggies included onions,carrots,broccoli and zucchini there was more seasoning on them than on the "steak".The rice was by far the worst thing there,it didnt taste like fried rice and seriously didnt even taste like rice!
I dont know what was going on there but whatever!
my kids only ate the steak and some veggies they also hated the rice,my husband ate everything after took all of our sauces and pored it onto his plate.the bill came to $110 and I didnt even want to leave a tip but im not that horrible,I couldnt understand anything the waitress said,she hardly came over to our table since all of her other tables were on the other side of the room and she was busy with them most of the time.If I spend $30 for a plate I expect much more than what I got here and will never go back.
At least dont cube our steak...I wonder what it looked like before they cooked it!
I hope you see this before you try to go here,I made the mistake of not checking yelp before I went and learned my lesson!

My absolute favorite place for happy hour!
Bartender Helen is the best!
She has always taken great care of us.
Doesn't matter if its just my husband and me or a group of friends!
Sushi is great as well!

I have been enjoying Japanese food since I lived in Okinawa close to twenty years.
I have literally had teppanyaki all over the world.
I went to Ah-So for the first time this past Sunday.
The service was excellent.
The chef was chatty, but not too chatty.
The food was excellent for American Japanese.
The miso soup was excellent.
I had the shrimp and scallops which was superb with the ginger sauce.
My picky eight year old had the chicken teriyaki which he devoured.
My husband had the steak, chicken and shrimp which was also very good.
I will be back!

Monday night 8pm, the place is semi dead.
I presume this is a real hit during the daytime with the close proximity to Luke AirForce Base.
I do give good sushi reviews for other places and the one saving grace of this place is the nice decor.
It also has a Teppan section though I did not see any chef's at the time.
The sushi was average but extremely over priced.
Salmon Roll $6 Rainbow Roll $11 California Roll $5.50 1 Salmon Nigiri $8  The portions are not bigger or smaller than any other sushi restaurant, it is just over priced due to the location in the "rich" part of Avondale.
So if you want mediocre sushi that is overpriced this is the place for you.
Darnell was our waiter and he was very good.

Best happy hour in town by far!!!
Definitely sit in the Bar/Lounge area.

Sushi was ok not bad.Do have to say there tuna tar tar is yums.
Hubby had fish and chips he said the fries where good but not the fish.

The wife and I went here for a New Years dinner for two... it's pretty much the only fine dining place in Goodyear outside of the Wigwam (and they only had NYE dinners that night).
I feel bad that the company around us got more of our attention then the chef at the table but it defiantly was an enjoyable experience.
The price point is average for Teppanyaki dinner and the service here is top notch.
I had no issues on my order or anything simple like refills or cleanliness.
The sushi was well crafted and the steak and chicken combo with fried rice was quite tasty.
Probably the best fried rice I have had in the valley of the sun.
My wife enjoyed her Mai Tai's and dish as well.
This is a nice place to have a unique date night and I would suggest that yelper's give it a try.

Love the food and the atmosphere!

Teerible rude hostesses.
Put ur name on the wait list told us it'd be an hour or more.
Back in 40 minutes and wanted us to wait another 30 minutes and were rude about it.
Only 1 chef working yet a full waiting area.
Terribly under staffed.
Not sure of the food quality but the help sucks!!!!

Happy hour is pretty good.
Food quality has been going down for the last year.
it used to he really good and now its a little below ok. Sushi chef Ino is the best though.

Their Vegas Rolls are the best I've had!!
Pretty quick service but they do need to hire some new waitresses because they can be rude at times but there are a couple that are the greatest and they know who they are!

Fail proof happy hour!!
the food is always fresh and the service is always quick

Love the service, food, and great happy hour!

Stopped in for some sushi n kirin n sake, kirin n sake always good, we ordered omg roll, Vegas roll and some tempura shrimp n veggies.
Everything was okay, not really blown away by the food.
Service was decent considering the restaurant was empty.

The best sushi around.
The Las Vegas rolls are the most amazing.
Super fresh and delicious.
Happy Hour everyday and $5 rolls!
Stick to sushi though.
Believe it or not, I've had undercooked rice several times with my entree.
Seems that they might know how to cook rice since it's a staple there.
The tepanyaki is good, but I've had better and have been better entertained at the place down the road on Litchfield.

Worst service ever.
We ordered drinks and a appetizer after 30 minutes of waiting and watching our waitress chatting it up with the rest of the staff i approached her turns out she never ordered them.
We had the manager come over and she did exactly what you would expect at a place like this  NOTHING.
The waitress showed up with the drinks right after we spoke to the manager we finished them quickly payed full price for them and then left to go actually have dinner somewhere else.
Don't waist your time there better sushi places with better service in the area

had New York steak they cubed it and fried it in a wok.
If i had filet mignon I would have been even more pissed.
should have been called beef and vegetables with rice, at half the price.

The food is okay, nothing special, but the service blows!
I've been here a few times over the past few years with my family and every visit the service steadily declines.
The waitstaff is rude and/or clueless as to what they are doing.
Maybe I'll try again during my next visit to AZ and hopefully by then they'll have some better employees.

The food is good and the happy hour deals are great.
The problem I have is the service.
We sat for 5 minutes before a server came over and that is only because we asked is there is a server available.
Food came out pretty quick, but had to keep asking for water, and our bill.
The owner was good when we asked him for stuff, but he needs to have a talk with his staff about customer service.

I have been to all the Ah-So Sushi locations and this is by far the best one!
Go to Mr. Kim and ask for a Mr. Kim #4.
Best susji I've ever had!!

I would give them 2.5 stars.
We did a last minute teppan date.
There was just one other couple at our table.
Our chef was very good, but since we were a small table and the older couple with us didn't interact with him at all, so our "show" wasn't the best I've ever seen.
The food was typical, miso soup, salad, 2 shrimps each, choice of protein, and choice of rice.
The food was adequate, good, but not great.
My steak was a bit tough even though I ordered medium rare.
If in the the far west valley it's a nice change of pace, but nowhere near as good as my personal fave sapporo in North Scottsdale.

Everything was delicious!
The service was fast and friendly.
We had dinner and decided the teppanyaki show would be fun for the family.
The chef was very friendly and fun, he cooked everything great.
His name was Gary.
Definitely coming back again.

Been a couple of times.
Not as fancy as other teppan places, but food and service were good and prices are a tad lower so its a great place

With nearly all Tappanyaki, you can expect the same: All very similar with the exception of a few different meat selections.
What sets it apart from others is the chef, his tricks, jokes and how well he engages the table.
Food wise:    The meal for our party of 3 was on par with anywhere else.
Soup, salad, rice/noodle, protein and the cooking show.
Chef:  But let's be real, you could order from any kitchen and get the same.
You go to sit for the show and interaction.
Otherwise, why pay double for fresher version of the mall food court?
The chef happened to be Hispanic.
Another group of 3 adults and a child was seated with us, who also happened to be Hispanic.
We 3 are not Hispanic.
Prior to Chef's arrival, they ordered a few items in English with the server and spoke to the child in mostly English.
The server returned and again spoke in English.
Now the Chef arrives, greeted everyone and spoke English.
And after confirming our orders, someone hit the SAP button and NEARLY EVERYTHING start to finish was en Espagnol.
All attention and conversation was directed to them and only in Spanish.
We tried to jump in with comments on the tricks or ask about the shrimp.
He replied and quickly returned to them.
After cooking, he even remained and spoke with them.
At this point, we just called it a waste to try.
This is AZ with a large Hispanic population.
Got it.
People may be more comfortable in their own language.
Got it.
But when your job is to engage and entertain EVERY patron at your table, you should do so without alienating the other HALF.
And this isn't a bias towards a group or language.
EVERY single person, Chef especially, demonstrated from the beginning their absolute proficiency in English.
So even if the patrons chose to only speak Spanish, he could have easily replied in English in some effort to encourage a conversation with the whole table.
1 star for the food quality we expected 1 star for the great decor

Service was decent, sushi was ok.

Went here for my friends birthday, there was 10 of us and we decided to do the tepanyaki.
I've always gone to Benihana but I figured we could try this place since it was closer.
Well let's just say I wish we went to Benihana.
When we arrived our table was filthy!
They clearly didn't care to clean it.
The water tasted like it came from the sink and the miso soup was awful!
Our chef was an older man and the first thing to turn us all off was the soggy bandaid on his finger!
GROSS!
The rice was overcooked and burnt, the shrimp was NOT deveined and the chicken was dry!
It was horrible!
If I'm paying $20+ a plate, I except fantastic food & service!
The cherry on top of it all, our chef, when done cooking, took a filthy cloth to clean the grill and soaked it in nasty water and splashed a couple of us in the face and all over our food.
Let's just say I warned you.

My husband and I went in for some late night sushi and a little side of fried rice and it was delicious.
We order 3 rolls ~ Fire house roll, caterpillar roll, and sweet and spicy crunch roll, nom nom they were so good.
Our service was good.
We got seated right away and our waitress was super nice.
Everything came out in a timely manner and overall it was a good experience.

I think Ive told my self each time come im not  coming back but I figure quick happy hour spot since I'm in the area......ummmmmm nope the bartender with the piercing in his face was sub par at best and rude..I  wasn't acknowledged until another patron says "you have another patron" serves me my bear and 10 min later I had to ask for a menu...ordered 2 rolls they were Ok at best.....the last time I was here they charged my debit card twice and when I called in the morning the manager told me wells fargo does that for everyone I told her that's not true and won't be back.....last time here..no wonder beer is 1.69 for happy hour only way u can get people here....last time...I promise and once finished eating he took the dishes that he had given me and the one I didn't use but had touched put it back into the clean pile.
...that's how people get sick...u moron....ok I'm done

I wanted to go to a teppanyaki style Japanese restaurant for my birthday so my husband chose Ah-So Sushi & Steak in Goodyear, AZ.
First of all the prices of the dinners were expensive.
The physical plant was just okay.
You have a view of the parking lot.
Also, I felt our chef was not professional because he was inquiring as to people's professions and making inappropriate comments.
And finally, the food was so bad that none of us in my party could eat it.
We all left hungry.
The soup tasted like dishwater.
The lettuce in the little salad was wilted.
And the shrimp that I ordered as my main course was inedible!
The shrimp was so tough that you could barely chew it.
The vegetables that were served with the meal were soggy and tasteless.
The rice was wet, hard and sticky.
The waitress didn't seem shocked in the least that none of us had eaten our meals.
She merely asked if we wanted containers for our food and when we responded no, she just brought us our check.
This is truly the worst restaurant meal that I have had in my entire life!
Save yourselves, people.
Go somewhere else!

