So I've been saying for a year now that I do NOT need glasses to anyone that will listen.
I mean really I am only 37...So begrudgingly I made the appointment.
I found them through my insurance company plus I had seen the shop in the FRY'S shopping center.
They are a cute little place with a wide variety of killer glasses so I figured if nothing else maybe I would pick myself up another pair of shades...  Well no such luck I had the appointment and wouldn't you know it I need glasses not only for distance but for close up as well.
Darn it...My husband was right and I'm NEVER going to live this one down.
The optomistrist is awesome super friendly and thorough and has a great bedside (chairside) manner.
Brad her business partner and the guy who runs everything up front is a hoot and knows everything there is to know about fashion and insurance so what more could one want.
He helped me pick out two great pairs of glasses and worked within a fair budget since I had to get two pairs.
He also was able to take my Chanel Sunglasses and put new prescription lenses in them.
This was awesome I was thrilled.
Today is Tuesday and everything will be back for me on Friday ready for me to wear...As mad as I am that I need to wear glasses I'm thrilled that I'll be able to see and that I'll look fabulous...Thanks Brad and I can't wait to tell everyone how great a find this place is...

Optics gets an A+.
Dr. Rago and the staff are wonderful.
They are professional, courteous and knowledgable.
I am happy to say I found my eye doc!

Great selection of frames but primarily designer ones.
Versace, Gucci, Armani etc.
This meant there are no economical options and that was the bad part.
I didn't get an eye check up here just went to buy my prescription glasses , appreciated their friendly service.
Brad helped me find what I needed, very polite and patient with all the time I took!
Certainly reccomend this optical store.

Hands down the best Optometrist in town!
Love this place!
Dr. Rago is there to help and will make sure you are taken care of.
Brad and Sharon will help you in the front.
They definitely are a family and treat you like it when you visit!

