I want to give a huge shout out to my girls Krista, Justine, and Meadow!
Thanks for making my first gentlemen's club experience a "comfortable" and entertaining one.
I do not know a damn thing about what makes a good gentlemen's club and what doesn't (I have a good idea though), but I do know that my friends and I had a great time at Badda Bing the other night!
This was my first trip to Vegas and I HAD to check out a gentlemen's club.
I mean, a girl has to have the full Vegas experience, right?
And my guy friends were more than happy to show me the ropes and protect me during my little quest to experience all that Vegas has to offer (well, not all, but darn close).
Badda Bing is clean, comfy, and classy.
Totally impressed.
AND they have great food!
Burger is juicy and fabulous!
Who would have thought!
If you are on the hunt for a great gentlemen's club with super cool girls who are easy to talk to and love to talk about shopping and give you great tips about how to get in shape, then Badda Bing is the place!

We're Sapphires and Rhino regulars, and we went to Badda Bing because it had a funny name.
We thought it would be awesome, but it was just horrendous.
Awful.
Honestly the worst strip club experience I've had in Las Vegas.
It was Friday night, the dancers were heinously ugly.
Seriously, it was ridiculous how ugly they were.
Seriously, one of them was pregnant.
There was only one hot stripper there and she never even got around to us.
She was on the floor for like 3 seconds, then disappeared for the rest of the night.
The drinks are ridiculously expensive which is standard for a strip club, but this was just ridiculous.
I have no good things to say about badda bing at all.
Zero.
Nada.
Fuhgeddaboutit.

We partied with Elvis from the Doghouse at 104.5 NOW FM .
Renee was our server and she was off the hook.
The place is clean and the girls are HOT.
Its a new club and the owner did a great job building this place

Run fast....please don't ask questions......just RUN.
If you like stretch marks then this is the place for you!

this is the worst strip club i've ever been to.
i would have rated this 2 stars but i really sat and thought about it and i seriously would NEVER go back.
we were charged 100$ for a bottle of UV vodka (LOL) that was "chilled".
was it really chilled?
hell no.
lol, we had to chill that shit ourselves.
the girls are seriously LOL.
one of them literally looked like my best friends mom.
i had to take in a few shots before joking around about that.
the girls are really ugly.
there was one girl that was pretty but she seriously needs a makeover because she looks like a high school bopper.
there was also another girl that was pretty hot and had a banging body but she was obnoxious and pretty rude.
the bathrooms made me LOL as well.
there's only 1 stall and for some reason, the stall is inside a shower?
there were no paper towels to wipe hands but thank god one of the strippers were there!
she showed us where the stash was.....in the trash can-_-  me and my friends all had fun but i would NEVER go back.
this place is a joke!

I'm not a strip club regular but shit we look down from our crib and it's right there so my cuz and I check it out one night...
Honestly I donno how this place stays open...
Nasty Drinks... Where is the top shelf alcohol if I gotta watch a chick wit a gut like that on the stage at least give me a stiff drink... More guys were looking at espn on the tv then the strippers...
It was like dudes were paying the girls just to leave them alone!!
Womp womp sorry you lose badda bing!

I like this club, but there are a few important things everyone should know about any strip club in Vegas:   1)  Always bring cash and do NOT use your card 2)  Always secure your cash where it can't be lifted from your pocket.
3)  Do not use the ATM machine.
4)  If you absolutely must use the ATM, make the dancer stand far away and do not let anyone see you enter your PIN.
Follow those four rules and you'll have a great time at Badda Bing.
I failed on all these rules, and ended up with a stolen ATM card and stolen PIN from a new dancer who went shopping with my card the next day.
However the staff was more than helpful to me both in identifying the theiving stripper, as well as assisting me in compiling information for the police report.
The club itself is fun and the girls are sexy and naughty.
Its never packed.
I do recommend the club, but keep your head about you and keep your eyes on your money.

Most Vegas strip clubs don't try when it comes to ambiance or style.
I mean why bother?
The women are almost naked, right?
That's one of the reasons I like Badda Bing.
Above the central bar is a glass walkway, so that bar patrons can sip their drink while looking up and watching a stripper make the rounds.
It's a nice touch.
Beyond that, the girls are attractive and the happy hour prices are great.
The champagne room is a rip off, but really, are you shocked?
As for the reviews on here telling people to watch their wallets, that's true in every club in town.

Horrible old or chubby dancers.
Walked in and didn't see a girl on stage for 20 minutes.
When she was done took about another twenty minutes for another one two show up.
The dancers walking around (2-4 girls at a time) all sunk like piss and/or BO.
Bought some expensive tokens for my friends to have some fun with, huge mistake,  told they never expired.
left the club because it sucked so bad.
went back two days later just to use up the tokens and were told they had expired because they were only good for 24 hours.
Manager was a jerk to say the least and wouldn't even comp our cover charge even after the token screw job.
Don't waste your cab fair, time, money or anything else of value going to this joke of a club.

