At £13.50 for 3 courses the January sale here was definitely good value for money and at 13:30 on a Friday the place was virtually full so had clearly caught a number of eyes.
I'd been interested in paying it a visit for a while so my birthday offered a good opportunity.
Service-wise I got the impression that an extra member of staff would have made quite a difference - my starter arrived near instantaneously after it was ordered (tasty oxtail terrine so I suppose it was just a question of slicing it and delivering it to the table) yet the main courses took far longer than you'd normally expect.
Our waitress was though very able.
They were good when they got there though - my no nonsense duck and beans went down a treat.
My parents both enjoyed the apple tarts they had for dessert, but felt that the main course fish could have down with more veg or the option of a side-order of such.
Within the terms of the deal the cheese board was fine and certainly had enough biscuits but £5 for brie and something un-named, even with the blob of quince jelly would I think have seemed too much to pay on its own.
We had a pleasant Merlot to wash it all down but having no wine cheaper than £15.50 is I think something else that this establishment needs to look at, particularly in these financially straitened times.

2010's Good Food restaurant of the year in Scotland and contender on Gordon Ramsey's best restaurant quest in the French category.
Came here for lunch, there was a simple but varied set menu at a very reasonable price.
The food is delicious and the staff are very tentative and know what they are talking about.

Definitely Meh I've experienced better- especially in a culinary city like Edinburgh!
With as much hype as this place has been getting recently I was hoping for a yummy lunch and a new favourite place to adopt.
Plus their appealing lunch deals meant that a visit was in order and very soon, so when my mum came up for a visit I thought it would be an ideal treat.
I'll skip to the important stuff: - potatoes with my main (pork) were hard in the middle- not cooked at all.
-slow cooked pork: over cooked and hard (far away from melt-in-your mouth goodness I was hoping for).
-My mum's fish main was OK, OK being that it was good but nothing really to write home about.
-the desserts, walnut tart and coffee ice cream and chocolate parfait with marshmallows and raspberries were a bit disappointing.
There was nothing exactly wrong with them, the chocolate was too heavy (never thought I would say that about chocolate) and the walnut tart was mediocre.
-plus be careful if you are going for the appealing lunch menu deals cause the various add ons tend to add enough on the bill).
All in all if it wasn't for it's hype it would be an alright restaurant, sort of at the medium level of all the other restaurants this city has.
It wasn't packed, the view is from the front windows and the staff were alright.
Didn't really get the feel of a rustic french food place and I have a feeling the publicity was a bit damaging to their quality.
Perhaps they were having a bad day or something.
I would like to try their other restaurant in New Town but I would not rush back to this one any time soon.

I've been to this restaurant on several occasions, and have always enjoyed the food there.
Yesterday, I took a group of 14 for dinner, and both the food and service were excellent.
As a starter, I had baked goats cheese with almonds and beetroot dressing.
This was a fantastic blend of tastes.
My main course was slow cooked check of beef in red wine sauce with spinach, tomatoes, olives and pasta gratin.
It was as awesome as it sounds!
The entire group loved the range of food.
This is now firmly in my top three list of Edinburgh restaurants.
I want to go back!
Now!!

I was highly impressed with La Garrigue.
The onion soup was the best I've been served in a French restaurant in Edinburgh.
We had an issue with their coffee, so shared our review with the restaurant.
Next day they commented on the blog to say that they'd spent time re-training their temporary staff, who were working when we were there, to ensure that better quality coffee was served in the future.
I don't think you can ask for more responsive service than that, so well done to all concerned.
Overall, we said: "On a rainy Edinburgh day, La Garrigue offered heartening dishes, and sent me nutritionally and spiritually restored to face the slings and arrows of outrageous afternoon fortune.
I'd heartily recommend that you pay it a visit, to sample its good quality, well-presented dishes.

Had a dinner here with my partner and her Dad, and lunch with my Dad - both discerning gents (and Francophiles).
We were all really, really impressed - with the food, with the service, and with the beautiful, bespoke furniture.
The seafood soup and the steak were particular hits.
Everything was perfect; only one small blip was made - coffees took longer than a couple of minutes, so we weren't charged for them.
My second visit was 2 months after the first (and at a different restaurant), but the restaurant manager recognised me immediately and greeted me warmly, which was a lovely start to the meal.
Price-wise, La Garrigue is particularly good value at lunch time, with their 'Prix Fixe' menu; if you go for dinner, however, the choice of dishes is is wider and the atmosphere mellower.
Bon appetit!

A rainy summers day in Edinburgh.
I'm not here for the comedy festival, so I expected not to get in, but they were very accommodating.
I skipped the starter and has the Coley for my main course, and some yummy cheeses for dessert.
Gorgeous.
Great service and timed perfectly.
The waitress even went through my cheeses describing and naming each of them.
Looking forward to my cheese dreams :-)

I was taken to this lovely restaurant last night by my lovely husband.
He had been with work and had really rated it but it was my first visit.
On first appearances this restaurant doesn't look all that much from the outside but inside it looks very rustic, authentic french with a great array of art work on the walls which makes it really appealing.
The staff was so friendly and full of advice on the menu choices.
The Food is top quality and at affordable prices.
I would have to note that like over reviews the coffee took a little while to come.
However thoroughly great restaurant that i would definetly recommend.

Nice French restaurant near the Royal Mile.
I went here for their £15.50 3-course lunch special and enjoyed ham croquettes, chicken casserole w/ peas, potatoes, & onions, followed by chocolate mousse.
The service was a bit slow, taking about 10 minutes to take my order and another 10 minutes & 2 requests to pay the check at the end.
Other than that, it was a very nice lunch & I will probably will return.

