I am so glad that a Paradise Bakery opened up close to my home in Queen Creek.
If you are looking for an amazing sandwich, salad or a great bowl of soup this is the right place.
Its crazy in Queen Creek, there are not very many places to eat sandwiches or food like this so again, very glad they opened up.
I would recommend the Paradise club, or the Cranberry Turkey Sandwich.
If you are looking for soup then I recommend the Tomato Basil.
I am not a huge fan of salad, but they have everything any salad lover could want.
To top it off, you get a cookie to complete your meal - and these cookies are much better then any cookie you have ever eaten (I PROMISE)    Usually when I go there, the staff is really nice, and the facilities are clean.
The only problem I have is at lunch time and it gets busy and often hard to find a place to eat, but not that its cooling off - maybe I can start to sit outside where they have lots of tables.
This area is growing, and businesses and places to eat are popping up everyday.
It is important we support them because even in some of these brand new areas shops and places to eat are going out of business.
You asked for more stuff Queen Creek, so support whats here!

I'm currently a big fan of Paradise Bakery.
My favorite is the turkey cranberry sandwich with no mayo.
I love that you get a cookie with your sandwich too.

Great sandwiches and other goodies.

How have I not yelped this place yet?
It is 1 of 3 places I go in the fabulous Queen Creek-San Tan Valley metroplex where my dining selection isn't handed to me from a drive-up window.
I go here at least once a week.
I am not typically a fan of salad, but upon further reflection, I think I am not a fan of salads I make at home.
Actually I am not a fan of anything I make at home, hence, I eat out.
On the rare occasion I will enjoy a sandwich here, but typically it is just the salad.
I was lured by the famous marketing slogan "limited time offer" and tried the tomato mozzarella sandwich.
Just a half, on wheat.
It was good and the basil leaf inside gave it a strong bite of flavor.
Tasty.
Next, I was happy to see the return of my favorite salad from last year (also a limited time offer...) the summer berry blend..which really, why is it limited time?
They have a side of fruit salad you can get any time.
It is just a green salad with dressing and the fruit on top - but somehow magic is formed when they name it the summer berry blend and I am drawn to it instantly.
Speaking of sides that are excellent, go for the Key West Tuna.
I know, tuna is a bit boring and I wouldn't go to a restaurant and order a tuna sandwich - that is a rare treat I can make at home without too much trouble.
But I tried a "sample" of the Key West Tuna one day and wow!
Incredible!
It is mixed with shell pasta and very tasty.
I have ordered a green salad with dressing and requested that added to the top (rather than the standard tuna salad they can make).
Yum!
The catch is the Key West tuna is only out on Saturday and Sunday...or maybe it is Friday and Saturday - go on Saturday and it is there for sure...  Of course you have to get a cookie.
They are slap-ya-mama good.
The famous chocolate chips are my favorite, but some of the others are not bad either.
They usually have free samples on the counter.
Give them all a shot!
Plus they have a great reward program - 10 meals and you get a free salad & drink combo.
Easy to rack up the points here as much as I visit.
The staff is always friendly and provides fast service.
Definitely put it on your QC rotation.

I llooooooooovvveee this place!!
The only complaint I have about this place is that there aren't more in California!
If there were, I would eat here on the daily.
Get on it Paradise Bakery Corporate!!
I was in Phoenix visiting a friend and he would not shut up about how good this place was.
So in an effort to get him to stop talking about it, we went.
I'm glad I did.
I ordered the California Turkey sandwich and a small side of tuna pasta.
It is definitely a good cure for a hangover because it is not greasy and all the ingredients are incredibly fresh.
Plus the bread was nice and toasty.
Not too hard.

Oh Paradise...  How I wish Northern California knew about your wonderfully fast cafeteria style service, splendid selection and supremely appetizing food.
Seriously, WTF?
Is Paradise Corporate smoking peyote in the desert or something?
They need to franchise like no tomorrow in NorCal.
Seriously this place would be packed 24/7 anywhere you put it.
Everything that I ate/tasted there was on point: Ham & Cheese Croissant, salad, sandwich, cookies were phenomenal (especially the Lemon and the Coconut Chocolate ones).
And all inexpensive.
I will wait with high hopes that Paradise opens up here in Cali soon.

I love the salad and soup.
They have the best tomato soup of any place!!
Love it love it.
Love it.
I know I have already reviewed these guys, but good to let you know they are still coming through and worth the visit!

I love having a Paradise so close, this place rocks.
I'm all about the Paradise Club with the croissant.
Also love the soups, its been so nice to grab a bowl of soup take it home and sit on our porch enjoying the very few days of cool weather here in AZ and look up at the clear starry sky of Queen Creek, my fave soup is the Tomato.

Always a friendly place to pick up a bit of  morning nosh & my Blue Machine juice drink.
Relaxing atmosphere, great pastries, & salads.
Fairly good service and nice to have here in our neighborhood, World Famous Queen Creek!

Right!
Went to paradise Bakery this morning while dropping our dog of at the vet's office.
I brought home the Spinach quiche, quiche muffin and the Beligian waffel w/ strawberries to share with my husband.
I must say, the quiche was DELISIOUS!!!
The waffel was just ok because they left off the whipped cream.
That's the best part!
Anyhoo, try the quiche, it's wonderful.
For that, they earn another Star!

Great food, everyone loves it.
But if you're buying a gift card, shouldn't the purchaser get the reward points?
After all, the restaurant is getting their money instantly and a large percentage of gift cards never get used.
Why would I ever want to buy another gift card there if I don't get anything out of it?

Woo hooo great food and some hot chicks that go there and work there

A new menu, tried the steak, onion panini with horseradish.
Pretty good but a little overcooked.
However, they found a zillion ways to mess up my kid's meal.
I asked for a salad instead of the yogurt, seemed simple enough of a request.
They made a huge salad, enough that I said "Is that what goes with the kids meal to replace the yogurt or fruit?
" got to the counter, paid and noticed that they charged me for a regular salad, then for a kid drink which used to be included, then for a kid's meal.
Got the manager, explained the failure to communicate and he refunded the salad price.
My daughter jokingly said "as long as they didn't forget my cookie".
See she wasn't concerned about the vegetable to carb ratio or the dairy problem.
Then the lady behind the counter slips me a cookie all clandestine-like.
We sit down and I unpack the bag to discover they gave us a whole sandwich instead of the 1/2 for a kids meal, no biggie but a waste and not what the menu said, then they gave us fruit and yogurt.
She had slipped us the cookie because apparently she realized they had the WHOLE order wrong.
For kids that can't have dairy, a salad or fruit substitute shouldn't be rocket science.
Everything else was classic Paradise and the manager made it right, but it was a hassle, a waste of time and food.

Been here 20+ times, always good.
Some dishes are better than others, but maybe thats just personal taste preferences.
Always clean, nice staff, fastidious bussers.

This place is AMAZING.
My mom and I went recently and were in awe of all the great, healthy choices!
I got a small salad, and it was NOT small - GREAT portions!
The soup and mac n cheese were also delicious!
It's kind of like Panera bread, if you're familiar with them, but in my opinion this place is MUCH better!

I always forget about this location as an option for salads and sandwiches.
Went here for the Grilled Cheese with Bacon and Tomato soup.
The soup was great.
The sandwich was good also, I just never  really found the bacon!!
In my opinion it is not a Grilled Cheese and Bacon with bits of bacon, it should have strips or large pieces that you get in every bite.
Cookies are always good.
And there bakery offers many options.
They also do breakfast sandwiches which I forget about too.

Try a brownie.
It's good for you.... Well it's at least tasty for you ;)

Love paradise but just had poor customer service from Gabby.
I said Green Salad and she heard Greek salad; so when I stopped her she got an attitude like its my fault...in fact I apologized that she didnt hear me and she failed to reciprocate but instead went on to throw our salad together with a tude...shame on you.
Ruined my mother daughter lunch as I was so mad.oh well as always food was great so they still get 4 stars

I always enjoy everything that I have ordered at Paradise Bakery, but they are getting VERY expensive for a sandwich with no chips or fries included.
Village Inn has an awesome turkey, bacon avocado sandwich for  8.99 and you get fries.
Paradise price is $9.50...not interested in the under baked cookie you get.
But I will still go for that yummy rye bread!

Stopped in here for an impromptu breakfast.
We were actually headed to Starbucks, but couldn't find it quickly and this place was right in front of us.
So in we go.
This has a similar format and menu to all Paradise Bakery outlets.
We got a "Babka" (which is sort of like a chocolate cinnamon roll without the cinnamon), and a coffee was purchased.
Everything was pretty good.
I did think the staff here was better than most locations.
More enthusiastic and helpful.
Service was quick, too.

I liked it.
It's a lot like panera to be honest.

The place is clean and the food looks fresh.
The food is really good.
This place reminds me of Panera bread.
The cheddar broccoli bread bowl soup is my favorite

Previous review still stands.
Just wanted to update that while there is free wi-fi it is painfully slow.

Horrible customer service.
It wasn't busy at all, and they weren't short-handed.
It took them 15 min to make a half sized chicken salad.
I watched them as they stood around and chatted amongst themselves, and one girl had an "I obviously hate my job" kind of look on her face.
When the girl finally brought it out to, she didn't even look at me or say anything- just set it in front of me and walked off.
The salad consisted of chicken, walnuts, and dressing.
A very complicated salad that I'm sure needed 15 min to make, and not to mention- way overpriced.
I've been in the food service business for 7 years, so I know how this thing goes.
I will never go to one of these places again.

