After using this shower even walking through the worst of Scottish winters seems more apealling.
I've witnessed a driver at the Gyle refuse to let a gay couple on the bus simply because they were holding hands, complaints were made but that driver is still to be seen on the buses large as life and twice as nasty.
The seating is often awful, so crampt that I have to sit angled with my knees poking into the walkway.
How hard is it to apply some fabric freshener to the upholstry?
I smelt nicer odours when our spetic tank backed up!
I do wish the drivers would tak the care they are meant to and not speed off when a number of people are still climbing the stairs.
On one occassion this happened and several of us got knocked flying and I received most colourful bruising as a result.
Even as you try to escape one of their vehicles you are not safe.
On one occassion the doors were closed without checking resulting in my arm getting trapped and the contents of my bags being smashed.
This was caught on their cameras but I did not even get an apology.

clean and convenient...  Around the city we go...
Always on time...Ha...

I know there is a lot of contentious talk on Yelp about Lothian Buses.
One Yelper *coughJoeAcough* really, really doesn't like them.
Something about a pizza incidence once?
For me, having lived in Glasgow, I can say Lothian Buses is miles ahead of the Glasgow network.
First off, a set fare for any route in the city.
Glasgow charges by the distance travelled.
Yes, the price has succesively gone up from £1.10 to £1.20 to £1.30 and most recently £1.40 in the past two years.
But that's still cheaper than what I payed in Glasgow 5 years ago.
Edinburgh is a city of many villages.
Stockbridge, Leith, Canonmills, Newington, Bruntsfield.
And they're all connected by Lothian Buses.
The routes are really great, they suit pretty much any route from A to B.
The buses are frequent.
The app, and the on-street electronic signs, are always accurate.
The app is really pretty good.
I think at the moment, given the Tram Works interrupting the whole city, the bus routes are disrupted.
This can be annoying.
But it's not the buses fault.
They also in the last year recently brought in a whole fleet of energy efficient buses.
These new buses talk to you and do all sorts.
Impressive.
You can't help who uses the bus, and yes the bus may often have questionable characters on it.
But I think the Lothian Bus network keeps all of Edinburgh very well, and frequently connected.
Their prices are fair, the bus routes are very convenient, and when you need to get from A to B they do the job.

