Terrible haunted attraction.
Waited in line for 2 hours to get in, then there were only 5 scenes in the corn maze.
There were hardly any actors, we just walked through corn with nothing jumping out at us.
The very first scene we came to the actor was talking to another actor then he saw us and made a very sad attempt to scare us.
It didn't work!
I would defintely not recommend this place.
The corn mazes at Fear Farm were much better.

For the price, the haunted maze isn't bad.
As p Someone else mentioned, there were very few.scares for the length of trail we walked.
There are about 5 scenes, a couple were moderately spooky.
At the end of the day, I'm a cheapskate.
It's hard for me to find value in most things.
This venue was no different.
I'll give it a 60%, or 3 stars.
It would've only been two, but barn yard animals get me every time!

Took my husband here for a little haunted date.
In all his 50 years, he'd never been to a corn maze.
I had so I have something to compare to.
The price is steep.
It's only worth 8~10$/person.
Parking is tight.
True, they only have a few scenes.
If something is called a maze, you're supposed to be able to get lost in it, right?
This is not a maze.
You follow one pathway.
I was confused about why I couldn't leave the trail and actually get confused!
But my husband enjoyed having jokesters jump out at him.
Afterwards, sitting by the huge bonfire and sipping on hot cocoa was kinda cool.

I have been here twice and I must say for someone who goes to all the haunted attractions in the valley... this one is pretty good.
But then again I'm a big wuss when it comes to haunted houses/corn mazes.
This place makes for a fun cheap date night...love the farm animals and pumpkin patch as well.

Went with a couple of friends, who had to pick me up a few times.
I am not afraid of chainsaws (Fear Farm), but people jumping out at me does scare the bejesus out of me.
Even though I know it's coming, they got me every time.
We did get off the path once and the dude with the chainsaw trapped us.
But it was one dude, not 12.
Rode the tricycle around the track afterwards and cracked up.
Nothing like acting like a 10 year old on Halloween!

