Small but very friendly bistro that specialises in the sort of food you might have at home, but with a distinct upmarket twist.
For example, their 'beer battered cod' with chips is no ordinary fish and chips, but a succulent chunk of top quality cod accompanied by superb hand cut chips.
I have lunch here several times a month, and pre-theatre dinners too, and keep coming back.
The menu is short, but all the better for it, as you know it will be freshly made, and not hauled out of a freezer.
Very friendly service from the proprietor, Roland, who serves all the customers single-handed with great efficiency.
The wine list has recently become rather pricey, and the coffee is rather ordinary but plentiful, as he will top up your cup with free refills.
At busy times, such as during the Festival and the Christmas season, booking is essential.

I first popped into Home Bistro because I couldn't think where else to go and just wanted something simple an inexpensive to eat.
I got what I came for!
Home Bistro is a restaurant offering simple but creative "comfort food".
The menu isn't overly big, but what it does offer is pretty good and manages to cover (if just) the vegetarian base.
I particularly recommend the mushroom stroganoff  Prices for main meals are average to slightly under average for Edinburgh.
However special deals mean you can get two courses for £8.95 or three courses for £10.95 meaning you can get quite a bargain.
This is particularly useful considering the restaurants location near student infested George Square!
Nothing Bistro does is done badly, but sometimes it feels like there could be a little more.
The aesthetic can occasionally come across as a touch bland.
The restaurant feels like its missing some element to spice it up but its still young with (hopefully) its best years ahead.
A simple bistro for good straightforward dinning.

I wouldn't say I had a bad experience here but I was really bored.
I took my chatty friend and treated him to lunch.
We waited half an hour for our food to come out (a salad!!).
We had a little competition to see who could make the most fucked up animal out of our napkins.
After the 24th minute  of waiting, I started chewing of my Camel-dog.
When it came, it was lovely, but maybe I fell asleep waiting and dreamed it was good?

I came to Home Bistro just three days ago for lunch with some friends and the food was delicious and well priced.
The interior decor feels relaxing and stylish as it goes for the homely feel.
The service is pleasant and made us feel welcome from the moment we walked in the door.
The menu has a great range of home cooked food, ranging from mackerel pate to marmalade ice cream.
I went for the penne with bacon and mushrooms which was served in a delicious, creamy parmesan sauce.
The portion sizes are more than generous and the service is quick.
I really couldn't fault this place and our meals only cost about £7 each which was more than reasonable consdering the quality of the food.

