Great food and at great price.
I especially like the Tortas Milanesa de Res and the Horchata.
They also have a little bakery inside the store.

LOVE this place, the tortas are very good and a good value too.
The bread has this sorta sweet taste to it and really makes the torta pop!
Took my parents there when they visted and they hadn't had a "Torta" before and they really did enjoy something different!

Have you ever bitten into a mango that is so deliciously sweet that you want to repeat the experience?
If you have then you'll want to stop by for a mango ice cream at Tortas Paquime.
Best mango ice cream you'll ever have.
Yes, the tortas are good and the quesadillas and the chilindrinas are too but I LOVE the ice cream at this place..
The mango ice cream is my favorite but all the other flavors are good also.

Great tortas and baked goods too - will definitely be coming back!
Place is very friendly and locally owned too.

I went to Tortas Paquime for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised to find that their food is borderline authentic.
I ordered the Tacos de Ribeye plate and the tacos were small, the meat was mostly fat, and the red and green salsas available were not spicy at all.
My highlight of the trip was the agua de limon, it was delicious!
It tasted just like the agua de limon I used to drink in Mexico at similar torta and taco establishments.

I wanted to try something new and I found this place.
The food was fantastic and I can't wait to go back to try something new from their very large menu.
The staff was very friendly and the place was very clean.
Their homemade horchata is mouthwatering.
I recommend Tortas Paquime to anyone looking for a great place to eat and I look forward to returning.

I loved the torta mexicana, it's so delicious.
I can't wait to go again for lunch.

This is by far the best Mexican food I've tasted (and I grew up in San Diego, minutes from the Mexico border).
I'm still dreaming about the Tacos de Ribeye, quesadilla with chicken, and Arroz con Leche.
Everything we tried was flavorful and value-priced.

Torta Mexicana and Ribeye Tacos were fantastic.
I then really outdid myself with a Limon Aqua Fresca and finished with a scoop of caramel ice cream.
Was very clean and staff was very friendly.
Will definitely be back.

Good price.
Good flavor.

I ordered a carne asada torta with extra meat and an horchata to drink.
The torta had good flavor...but I paid $1.25 more for extra meat and got extra grizzle instead (see my pic).
I won't be back.

Yum, yum...and yum.
I have been meaning to write a review for a while and forget each time I go.
Pretty much nothing but good things to say.
The food is cooked fresh and right in front of you.
I usually order a torta, but my friend and I opted to split a torta and quesadilla last time...delish!
Lots of cheese and lots of carne.
Went there the other week for a quesadilla and fries w/ cheese.
Filled up on the huge portion of fries and only had a bite or 2 of the quesadilla.
Brought home the leftovers for dinner, only to find out at dinner that my fiancé ate the ENTIRE thing, and NEVER eats anything with beef.
I guess that says it right there.
Again...yum.

Been a few times now and always friendly.
Good fresh food and served in a reasonable amount of time.
Items on menu that are not obvious to a non Spanish speaking individual are listed in English which is nice.
I personally enjoy Mexican food, but do not enjoy having to eat out with a translator.

So so yummy.
I had the tostadas con pollo on my first visit and was amazed at the huge portion I received.
It was just supposed to be a snack but it ended up being quite a lot of stuff piled onto a perfectly crispy little tostada.
The next time I went, I had the tacos de ribeye.
Really amazing little tacos, perfectly cooked meat, and great toppings.
It's hard to find stuff this good and this cheap that has consistency and cleanliness, freshness of ingredients, and great personality.
ESPECIALLY out in the suburbs.

The sandwiches were good, I'm a big fan of Tortas and it's impeccably clean- huge plus.
The major downfall was a young cashier who over charged us on dessert.
We both ordered a single scoop of ice cream following dinner and were clearly charged for the double-  a difference of $4 when you add the two- when I politely pointed out that the price seemed off the cashier looked at me and said, "it's the taxes.
"  Now I'm pretty  unsure about Arizona adding 100% taxes, but he was dead set and did not want to double check.
I did the math on my phone, accounting for the 9.1% tax, and it was a far cry from what we were charged.
I  The food was good but I urge you to double check your bill, even though it's a small amount, no one likes to be over charged and under served.

Love this place!!
A little of everything!!
Lunch, Dinner, desserts, snacks, pan dulce, aguas, and it's cleaner than most places that offer that much!

Viva La Torta's!
You never knew you could find such yummy food in a strip mall!
We have done breakfast, lunch and dinner here and all of the above is great!
The price is fair and the food is fresh and hot.
The one thing keeping it from a 5-star is inconsistency.
I have ordered the same thing multiple times and although it is always great, it is also never the same.
Mostly it is cheese, sometimes it comes with and sometimes without.
I prefer to always have the cheese!

food is great here no matter what you order it  speaks volumes when the actual food is better looking than the pictures.

Why did I wait so long to try this!
This is no typical torta joint!
This place has a plethora (do I get extra points for using this word?
) of tastiness on the menu!
Tortas, tacos, ice cream, all these other dessert choices...AND....a little bakery!
All of their agua frescas are amazingly tasty...not too sweet at all!
I had agua limon and I wanted more!
Very clean and very friendly service!
Great little salsa bar and just yummy all around!

So I have to have real Mexican food when I come to Arizona and had to try this joint.
I always ask if a Mexican place has cotija cheese and if they answer in the affimative, then I know they at least have the potential of being authentic.
So I get the torta ahogada, pork.
Super tasty pork with avocado, cotija cheese (I asked them for it) with a spicy red sauce covering it and drizzled with cream.
All of my friends loved it as it was delicious.
Also, the counter guy taking our order was so helpful and friendly and BAM got our order spot on.
He could tell we had never been there before and kept offering us samples of the ice cream, horchata (SO GOOD) and soup.
I wish I had tried their paletas, they looked delicious but we were all happy with what we got.
I wish I lived here so I could eat there again.
Yum.

The best tacos in the west valley.
Try the ribeye

I love tortas Paquime.
I love the service the tortas are the best in Phoenix.
I've had Los Reyes de la torta (their competitors) they don't come close.
I had a torta ahogada it was delicious.
This location is very clean and the employees actually seem to enjoy their job.
I hope they stay in the area...

Great authentic place for Mexican food in the west valley.
I am so glad I tried it!!
I had the original torta paquime.
Everything on the menu looked super good, hopefully I will get to try some other stuff in the future!
The best part about this place is the variety of food options that they have: you can get a full meal, but if you are just looking for a snack they have a bunch of different Mexican breads and buns.
Also, they have about ten flavors of ice cream and a lot of different desserts on their menu...so you can also just go for dessert!!
I will definitely be back just to get an ice cream cone sometime...their flavors look delicious and freshly made.
The service is really good too...even though it isn't a sit down and order type of restaurant with servers and stuff...the guy at the cash register came around to ask how our food was!

Wow this placed surprised me !
I loved the carne asada torta  and the strawberries and  creme dessert was deliciousssssss!
Oh and  the customer service is on point!

Not the cheapest but pretty good nonetheless.
They have a few dessert choices as well.
We will be back soon!

I was truly not impressed with this place.
We went there because my husband and daughter said it was good.
I ordered the pork carnitas tacos.
Son and hubby ordered the ribeye steak tacos and my daughter ordered the tostada paquime   When they say these are street tacos they mean it.
Very small with outrageous pricing and not that good of food.
If you want small portions that cost alot then this is your place.

The service was not as great as the food I was in Avondale visiting my sister and stopped in for a bite!
The place is great so is the food.
The service not so great not to make it a racial event but I don't speak Spanish and I really felt it was the problem

Love Tortas Paquime - everything is made fresh to order with high quality ingredients.
Restaurant and kitchen are spotless and the staff is very friendly.
On top of all that they have ice cream by the scoop, paletas, and fresh made pastries.
The tacos de pollo are my family's favorite, but the Tortas are yummy too.
You can't go wrong here!

The customer service at this Tortas Paquime is excellent!
Even thought this place does not instill a Mom and Pop's establishment you're met with a warm welcome and are helped to place your order.
The tacos de ribeye are excellent.
I've been here three times and cannot order anything else because these ribeye tacos are great!
The concept at this chain reminds me of a few grocery stores I have been to in Mexico that also serves food.
I cannot speak of the Tortas but they look good as I see people pick their orders up.
They serve many popular Mexican snacks and make homemade ice cream and waffle cones.
The ice cream here are your traditional choices along with some you're not expecting if you are only accustom to American ice cream.
They have paletas like the paletero man pushing the cart which are my favorite.
The prices here are higher than the other low end corporate Mexican fast food (think of the ones that end in bertos) joints but you'll get a much better meal here.
Remember to tip these kids they are trained well to serve you and put out some tasty food!

I am a big time fan of this small Torta shop in Avondale and I really enjoy their food as it gets me away from mainstream Mexican food joints and into a touch of something different.
I have tried 3 different torta's and have yet to have a menu item there that I did not thoroughly enjoy.
They have fresh ingredients and love to use the avocado in many plates which is killer if your are a fan.
They also choose to use higher quality meats in their menu items as you get ribeye tacos and a better cut of pork.
I tried their super nachos last night and though they were different and used actual nacho cheese I really enjoyed the dish as well, and it was loaded with meat, cheese, and guacamole.
The salsa bar has some real fire kicking salsas so be mindful not to dump it in your sammy or you will get burned on both ends.
The service is great and friendly, it's always clean, and you won't feel like an outsider if you come with friends or family to eat a meal here.
I would recommend this to my yelp friends.

We just moved in the area and were trying out the local restaurants and gave this place a shot.
It is always seems fairly busy and has a good amount of available seating, the situation parking is okay considering its in a higher traffic area.
Anywho- I had the torta Paquime which was damn awesome (fyi: the sauce topping was very spicy so a side of horchata is definitely recommended!).
The boyfriend got soup (I forget which but they all sounded delish) and he really enjoyed it- surprising bc he can be finicky lol.
The torta was garnished with homemade style potato chips- at first you'd might assume that they're being skimpy with them but the sandwiches are usually more than plenty by themselves.
They had a salsa bar too which was much appreciated- gotta have my side of grilled jalapeño!
The pan dulce here looks off the charts tasty but I've yet to try them out :-) Can't wait to sample their breakfast!

Great place to eat when your tired of all other mexican food places.
The twin burritos are the best!
Just a little pricey but worth the money.

So after seeing this place get over 4 stars I had to try it.
It was bomb!
I got the number 1 combo, pork sirloin with avocado, tomatoes, lettuce, chilies, home fries and a drink.
My friend got the same thing but it was chicken, very good as well.
I got the melon drink and fell in love.
They have a case full of Mexican pastries, we tried the cheesecake, so good.
This isn't a sit place, but don't let that keep you from coming in!
Service was fast and friendly and the place was clean.
Don't wait as long as I did, you will regret it.

Amazing food at a great price.
Fresh ingredients, authentic, with lots of options.
Friendly staff.
Try the flautas or the Torta de Aguacate!
Great aguas frescas too.
(I like getting a mix of limonada & jamaica).
All their avocados are cut fresh while they cook.

My hunny and I traveled to Arizona for some Dodger Baseball and noticed this joint had good reviews.
We beat the rush, right about 4:30, then there was a cried off people.
I had been craving some tasty Mexican food.
I ordered the Torta and my hunny ordered the flautas and choose and guac as a side.
My torta was noting like I had before, it was wet!
I wasn't sure how to expect how it would taste, but it was delicious!
The meat was cut pretty think, but wasn't difficult to chew.
The flavors worked great together: with lettuce, tomatoes, avocados, cheese, and sour cream drizzled on top.
Needless to say, it was gone almost as quickly as it was served.
My hunny's flautas were more like taquitos covered with sauce, sour cream, lettuce and sliced avocados.
The sauce was great, but I could have found these at Costco.
I'd go again, probably get the torta, it was delightful.

This place has everything.
Their torta selection is extensive.
I had the Mexicana and it was made with everything delicious: steak, mushrooms, peppers, sautéed onions and lots of avocado.
I want to try a paqueme next time.
The limon agua fresca was also refreshing.
If we didn't have to run to catch a Dodgers spring training game, I would have stayed to have one of their colorful pastries or enjoy a paleta.
Definitely going back when we're in the area again.

This place is so popular in all the hoods Ive been to.
They're doing something right.
The food is great, tried something new tonight called the paquimestitos or something like that.
But they really got a little bit of this and that from pastry breads to the jugos to the Tortas to the nachos.
You gotta try this place.

great food.
a bit on the pricey side but def worth it once in a while.

Authentic Mexican taste.
Clean.
Fast service.
Friendly environment.

I don't get the hype.
Nothing special here had 4 little burritos on a plate not much meat in them.
Wife had the number one selling Torta (so they said) thin sliced meat in between a massive amount of bread with red sauce poured over it.
She threw most of it out.
Nice place, but if you want some good Mexican food go some place else..

I've been in the Phoenix area for eight months and FINALLY, FINALLY I have found Mexican food worthy of the cultural name.
Always a good sign when the friendly counter staff greet you in Spanish.
They make their own Michoacan style ice cream.
The Flautas Ahogadas with the spicy sauce are BOMB.com!!
I also had the chicken soup that reminded me of my Mother's.
"Happy"!!
The Milanesa torta was perfect.
My only complaint was that I got full and couldn't eat any more.
But I will be back tomorrow.
I'm a true Mexican/American and I love my heritage inspired foods.
Highly recommend this place.
10 STARS!!!

Never had a torta before.
I had the shredded pork ones which were delicious.
Great flavor.
Add a little of the green salsa.
Done.

Did they change owners or recipes?
This place has been a long time staple for our office lunches for about four years now.
It's usually exceptional but the last two visits we were surprised that the food was not as good.
The chicken quesadilla which is usually excellent did not have grilled chicken as usual.
It was sliced from what tasted like a roast chicken.
The avocado was blackened and you now have to ask for the avocado crema which used to be included.
Even the salsa tastes different.
Bring the tried and true back an we will return :(

I thought this place was going to be the typical cheap burrito joint but boy was I wrong.
This place really does the food well.
I love the prime rib tortas or the carne asada burrito.
But more than the great food this place has mexican ice cream, a selection of pastries and even makes cakes.
Also the place is very clean and lively.
A big thumbs up in my book!

Customer service was horrible the cashier was being so rude forgot to charge us for the drinks that I clearly told her I wanted.
Then she came back and told us that we need to pay for them if we want them.
Well duh!
I didn't expect free drinks because of your mistake.
The food was  dry and flavorless I've heard so many good things about this restaurant and I came out really disappointed.

Ok, I has never tried a torta but after trying the Mexican torta, I'm in love!
Great place to get a delicious bite and just relax.
Our family loved it.
Their ice cream is a must!

Pretty solid.
Great tortas, nachos, and quesadillas.
Really great prices.
Excellent dessert selection.

After my big move from Texas to Arizona my first order of business was looking for a good mexican place.
Although this place looks like a mexican restaurant gone corporate, I gave it a try and I was not disappointed.
So far I have tried the rolled tacos with shredded beef and I've tried the mexican torta.
The rolled tacos came with fresh avocados, something you don't readily see at a fast food mexican joint.
The green sauce and side of red sauce were the perfect companion.
They also coat the tacos in sour cream and crumbly white cheese which made them all that much better.
The torta was equally good but a little too nice and neat for me, I am used to a well designed mess in a bun.
The Horchata was also good, not too sweet and not too watered down.
The only complaint I have is that it's a little pricier than most fast food mexican joints like filibertos and the like, but I can't complain too much because the food was well made and well worth the price.
I venture to say that this might just well become my regular mexican place, sorry Humbertos.

As the name suggest, This mexican restaurant is known for its tortas.
I like this place.
The torta i  always get is the cubana.
Layers of puller pork with different types of ham and healthy portion of sliced avocano to top it all off.
I would give this joint a 4 stars but the only reason why i didnt is beacuse most of the tortas doesnt come combo.
You will have to order a drink and fries seperate.
Oh yeah the fries are the bomb here as well

