My roommate and I stayed here during the T in the Park festival.
It struck me as being in a business district, as opposed to touristy, but with some walking Edinburgh is small enough that this isn't a problem.
The staff was efficient and helpful though not super friendly.
The rooms were clean, and had what you would need for a stay (TV, Beds, Showers, towels etc) but no real extras.
The Point actually comes to a point.
The first room we got had, essentially, three walls and a huge window.
It was really cool... only it had one double bed, and me and my roommate aren't that close.
The staff quickly moved us to a room with two twin sized beds.
I would stay here again, and even recommend it, depending on the price.
I actually won the trip (including our stay at the hotel) so its hard for me to judge that.
Oh, the hallway decorations are a bit freaky, not sure if it was in a good way or not, you'd have to judge for yourself.

Point Hotel is a very modern, swish hotel located within viewing distance of the castle.
My friend was visiting Edinburgh and stayed here, and found it was a good stay.
However she tripped and fell in the hotel and bumped her head, needing stitches.
The hotel took great care of her and upgraded her room and added a few extras including money off a future stay.
So as well as being a nice hotel, their customer service is excellent.

We stayed here for two nights and really didn't have any complaints.
PROS:  + Good location for site-seeing.
Super close to the castle and Old Town.
Lots of restaurants and (tourist-trap) shops nearby.
+ Close to a Sainsbury Local (hurray for grocery stores!).
+ Very clean, sleek, and modern.
+ Front desk was very friendly and helpful.
+ Breakfast was available for purchase.
Food was decent, but there are enough good, local breakfast places within a short walk that I would suggest venturing out.
Still, it was fine for the first morning there.
+ The adjoining bar was friendly and had a decent selection.
CONS:  - You have to pay for WiFi in the rooms.
Free in the lobby, restaurant, and bar, but I would like to be able to catch up on the news in my jammies.
- The tub.
I'm not sure if they have handicap accessible rooms available, but if you have trouble lifting your legs very high, you might inquire about an accessible room.
I've never seen a tub up so high.
I thought about calling the front desk and asking for a step ladder (kidding, but seriously, it's up there).
- No thermostat in the room.
Windows don't open.
You're at the mercy of whatever temperature the hotel sets.
It was never super uncomfortable, but it would have been nice to be able to adjust the temp.
Overall, we had a very nice, comfortable stay.
I would stay here again and would recommend it.

We take an annual trip up to Scotland and Edinburgh is usually our first destination choice depending on what 'deal' we can get on Accommodation.
This place came top in terms of cost and despite the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor we decided to give it a whirl.
We never feel too comfortable staying in the 'touristy' areas of Edinburgh as we prefer to get a 'real' feel for a place so where this hotel was suited our ideal.
Situated off Castle Terrace and in the 'Burke and Hare' area behind the great Castle we were happy with it's location.
On a main through road so plenty of taxis around and just down from a major bus route so catered for all budgets travel wise.
We arrived early for check in but as we had reservations for lunch in the restaurant this was not an issue- the friendly desk staff offered to look after the luggage until we checked in.
(and alos offered the same service on checking out) Check in was swift (2pm) and all necessary info was given.
All floors are serviced by 2 lifts which were quick when called.
We were allocated rooms in the 'new' part of the hotel.
From the room literature provided it seems the building was an old co-op which was modernised and extended following its purchase for a Hotel.
The decor is quite unique- White walls with Orange doors and fluorescent lightening along the corridors which could give a great headache.
It was clean in the communal areas and very airy.
Our room was spacious but a very 'tunnel' like shape.
The windows could have done with a wash and looked straight into the apartments opposite!
The bathroom was functional, the wardrobe roomy and the bed was extremely comfy and very large!
We stayed for 2 nights and found all staff friendly, the communal areas were kept clean and presentable and we definitely feel we got value for money as we paid just under £50 for 2 night's !!!
My only issues were- Housekeeping started too early Bedding not changed after the 1st night Hairdryer provided didn't work  I would certainly consider staying here again as the area it's in (which seemed to have a bit of stigma due to a few lap dancing clubs also in the area) was very accessible and had an eclectic mix of shops and bars.

The Point Hotel is awesome, we stayed here during our trip to UK back in April.
It's not too far from the airport, its close to a lot of food places, bars, pubs and a walk to Grassmarket square (more food, eats and pubs) and its in a location where you get the essence of old and new Scotland.
The rooms are not to big, but it does give you that "Euro" feel.
I really enjoyed my stay here.
Shout out to Nick, Crystal and Pete!
They were so very helpful and so accommodating!
Also, when I got back to the U.S., I realized I had lost one of my favorite rings, I called- and they called me back long distance right away (alas, without good news about the ring).

Overall I was pretty happy with my stay here.
The hotel looks like it had been recently remodeled and the rooms were very nice.
The service was friendly and the bed comfortable.
And most importantly for me, they had double windows so that I couldn't hear anything from the street.
The only two negatives are that they have doors in the hallway that close in the evenings, which is fine but they don't open them right away in the morning.
So if your room is next to one of the doors you hear it start opening and shutting around  8 when the maid services start working.
Also, you have to pay extra for in room Wi-Fi if you want it.
They do have free Wi-Fi in the lobby.
I didn't eat at the restaurant downstairs so can't comment on that but based on the room, I would definitely stay here again.

