Recently had a refurb and looks good for it.
Cheap drinks and food although not great was decent for whatt we paid.
Bar is quite easily filled and you will have too wait on a table at times but given it's location this is acceptable.

This used to be the closest pub to my old flat, so we would often pop over for some afternoon relief.
Its your standard pub, nothing out of the ordinary here folks.
The prices are quite good, at one stage they did a 99p glass of wine.
Although with ever changing licensing laws, that probably doesn't happen anymore.
I used to get a Kopperburg for £2.85 which was pretty reasonable for Edinburgh.
This pub is located just along from Edinburgh bus station, so its a good stop off if you have time to kill before you hop on a bus.
Just a relaxed pub which is good for a quick after work drink or a catch up with a friend.

I agree with Amy here, it's a good place if you're waiting on the next bus home.
The only thing I have to add is that all the locks on the toilet stalls are busted.
The only way to close the door is place a foot on the door, sometimes two and hope to god nobody comes in.
Doing this for two minutes while sitting on the toilet, earned me entry into the Moscow State Gymnastics Team.
Now the next time someone busts in on me, I can distract them with my Gold Medals.

I actually quite liked the Conan Doyle pub when I was in abot two months ago.
It's not quite a 'young' person's pub, yet it certainly sin't an old man pub.
It just has a nice, relaxed feel with cosy, although slightly dated, decor.
The staff are all friendly and there seems to be a sense of community within the place, indicated by the large groups of friends crowded round tables and the constant banter between the staff and customers.
The drinks are reasonably priced for the area, with most pints costing less than £3.
This isn't the most vibrant or lively pub in Edinburgh, but if you're in the area and looking for a quiet drink with friends then this is the place.

Despite plenty of young, happening groovy dudes, Edinburgh can at times feel like a very middle aged city, especially on the surface.
I think that's mainly down to pubs like The Conan Doyle, which seem to make up around 50% of the businesses in the city centre, and give the false impression that all it's residents wear tweed jackets and smoke pipes.
Middle of the road, with a brewery / chain pub feel.
Alright but nothing special at all.

I love Arthur Conan Doyle's work, and although I knew from the offset there would be little of Sherlock in this pub I thought I'd stop by for a drink anyway.
It's nice, cozy place to grab a pint of beer, an ale or a whisky.
I agree with the other reviewers and felt as though this pub was attempting to lure the tourists in by looking like a quintessential Scottish tavern, but there's nothing wrong with that.
It does well catching the trade that comes off the thriving Royal Mile, and although I wouldn't say it's got anything different to offer than the similar pubs nearby, it's nevertheless very homely and a comfy place to relax over a beer.

Given its name you might expect to find this pub covered in Sherlock Holmes memorabilia or themed on a 19th century London townhouse.
It isn't really.
Instead it's just a traditional pub.
The Conan Doyle isn't a bad pub by any stretch of the imagination.
Given its location of the East end of Princes St and near to so many hotels it can get a bit touristy but I've never been in when its too busy.
Apart from that the clientele tend to be middle ages with the odd student  group.
Drinks are reasonably priced and the usual sort of food is served, although this can be a bit slow between ordering and receiving.
As there are two theatres nearby this might be a good choice for a pre-theatre meal, just don't expect anything too fancy.
My only other complaint about the Conan Doyle is it does smell a bit funny.
Could maybe do with a wee refurbishment?

Cozy place to pop in for a drink and a simple bite, not far from the main downtown attractions of the city.
Nothing amazing on the menu, but lots of choices so should please everyone.
Filled with a nice mix of people the night I was there, and staff were friendly and helpful.
Not somewhere I'd seek out again, but I might stop by if I were in the neighborhood and thirsty.

Great food - had to try the Haggis as I was visiting Scotland for the first time.
It was outstanding!
Mom had a chicken dish that was also fantastic.
Very cute pub with a lovely atmosphere.
4 stars because the wait was longer than expected with no place to stand or get out of the way.

The absolute perfect place to go for an intimate dinner when it's rainy and cold.
The atmosphere is super cozy and the squishy chairs make you feel like you're dining in someone's library.
The food was delish (I had the salmon en croute and my husband had the lamb shank pie).
The roasted potatoes and veggies were cooked to perfection.
We shared a dessert - which was the perfect size after a big meal.
Toffee pudding.
Yummy!
I knocked off a star because the restaurant is so small!
It's hard to get a table if you don't come early.
We were able to get a table on our third attempt.
We had to order a drink at the bar in the meantime, but it was worth it.
Very fun.
Great location too.

A great place to stumble into if you're trying to escape the morning rain (and in our case, to recover from a long coach trip).
The atmosphere is quite cozy for a pub, and the Arthur Conan Doyle/Sherlock Holmes decor is an added bonus.
It felt very authentic all around.
I indulged in the traditional Scottish breakfast with apple juice, which ended up being a bit much -- hello, food coma -- but it was all great.

Located near enough to the bus station for one last pint before leaving town.
The staff was friendly and the clientele were fun.
Great interior!
I'd definitely return.

The Conan Doyle has a prime location near the Playhouse, some hotels and not far from all the tourist attractions.
I imagine they get lots of natural tourist traffic through their place, but this doesn't diminish from the experience.
We were lucky to get a table quickly, and were served by an earnest young man.
Even though he was super busy, he took the time to let us sample some ales before deciding on one.
Great way to make a sale!
The menu features some standard pub favorites as well as a few different choices.
My two dining companions decided on pies, and I went for the roasted veggie tart.
The food that came out was as promised: flaky pies with piping hot, savory filling.
The chicken and mushroom was a bit better than the steak, just based on the meat, nut both were delicious.
I seldom clean my plate, but the veg tart was so good I had to.
The vegetables were firm, not mushy, hard to find in the UK, and full of flavor.
The crust was flaky but not dry, and hood flavor too.
We were impressed with the food.
Conan Doyle seems to be a good choice for the mix and mingle crowd as well, with a fun, not stuffy atmosphere, lively chatter and attentive bartenders.
Oh, and the prices were in line with what you'd expect.

Such a disappointment.
Last Friday at 11.45pm they sold me a beer, and 10 minutes later waitress with fake smile is telling me "sorry we are closing"... but... but... earlier I've cheeked on Yelp... and on Friday should be open till 1.00am... and in this moment I've noticed little pain in my stomach, wasn't strong but squeezing my belly... like during the watching a sad movie, you see incredible unfairness, poor child is dying or... or... two lovers... and she's dying and was so pretty and innocent... and guy is screaming terribly "Nooooo!
Why?!"...
and you don't know why?...
and you can do nothing, feeling powerless and extremely sad... your chin is starting to shake, tears are fulfilling eyes.... such a injustice...
This is how I was feeling last Friday... never again!!

I had a pretty sucky experience at the Conan Doyle and will never be back for a second try.
An hour and twenty minute wait for food was more than enough for me to complain to the staff, who admittedly knocked off some cash for the total bill.
But that is an EPIC wait without any forewarning; it wasn't until we complained that we were informed they were a staff member down and food was taking an age.
If the food had been spectacular I'd probably have been less hacked off.
But my pork belly was only luke warm when it came out and cost me £13 odds.
Not happy.
The other meals were standard "out the box" chain pub grub affairs.
Pudding arrived with a lemon pip smack bang in the middle of Eton Mess.
Lucky that no teeth were broken or whatnot.
A free desert was duly procured.
But still.
Despite the 20% discount and free pudding, I'll never be back.
Shame, as Conan Doyle has a nice, cozy atmosphere and staff were pleasant.
Just a bit of an all round fail, unfortunately.

Stopped in Conan Doyle a while back, and I was very pleased with the warm, inviting decor.
It was the perfect place to sit back a sip a single malt and watch the rain patter against bay windows.
In fact, that is exactly what I did for several hours, for this pub was the perfect spot to a break from playing tourist.
Most avid travelers can relate to the need to take a moment for themselves, and I'm sure Conan Doyle will serve that essential need.
I found the staff to be kind and courteous, and at one point, they even informed me of an Edinburgh pub crawl that became the highlight of our trip, They also took the time to point out several regional scotches, which certainly made for a better pub crawl that night.
However, although I liked this pub very much, I can see how some would find it a bit touristy with everyone and anyone who has ever read a Sherlock Holmes novel expecting to find Watson drunk in the corner (Hey, no joke a recent poll said something like  58% of Brits think that Sherlock Holmes was real with about 80% of Americans holding the same opinion) But once you get past all of that, this really is a nice little spot.
Perhaps it is a little more intriguing for a tourist than a local, so a 4 star rating for locals and a 5 star rating for tourist might be more accurate.

I visited the Conan Doyle for a pre show lunch back in November with my Mother in law.
She had been before and liked it, plus it is right over the road from the Playhouse.
We had called and prebooked a table as we knew it would be busy and had requested a window seat but told that they couldn't guarantee that but would see what they could do...anyway when we arrived we were greeted straight away a lead straight to our table right next to a window :)  The food was delicious and ,though the pub was busy, we didn't have to wait too long to eat which was great because as we're had finished our meal ( and lovely bottle of prosecco) it was time to go the the Playhouse to seat for the show.
I had haggis,needs and tatties.
Delish.
My mother in law had lamb shank pie which came recommended by the waitress and I must say it looked amazing.
I was slightly jealous :)  I will definitely be back here :)

I popped in here for a drink before seeing a movie last week.
It is a sort-of-quirky, but now looks slightly commercial bar owned by the Nicholson chain.
I have encountered this before at the Eagle & Child in Oxford.
It is just standard pub food and typical beers on tap.
I definitely think this is a tourist stop, not really a locals stop and they were out of a few beers on tap.
Which is no big deal, but left few nice options for an afternoon pint.
They do have the Nicholson's Pale Ale, which is good, but I don't think I would return here for a meal or another drink.
Nothing wrong with it really, just isn't especially unique considering its history or potential, as it felt a bit dreary.
I think I expected a bit more for some reason, but it was also mostly empty so maybe it is a nice spot to tuck in when busy.

I went here with friends on Easter Monday for lunch and really wish I could have given it another star.
(Maybe next time?
)  The atmosphere and service were great and just what I would expect for a family pub-restaurant at lunch time in New Town.
It was quiet and friendly and conversations were easily had without shouting.
The drinks selection was wonderful with a decent (and delicious!
) line-up of real ales - which was perfect as I'd been teetotal for Lent and was ready to break my dry spell!
The food is where the missing star comes in though.
(Sorry!
)  The menu was fairly decent and typical of a chain pub (Nicholson Pubs) and included all of the basics.
My friends ordered the steak pie with mashed potatoes (looked heavenly!
) and a small lunch steak with chips (looked less lovely, but edible).
I ordered the "fish basket" that offered a selection of battered fish, scallops, and calamari along with chips.
My meal was just shy of £12 and I think I expected a bit more on my plate.
As it was, the fish was literally in a small metal basket with a small tub of tartar sauce and on the plate along side the basket was about 15 chips - some of which were very small and crispy, looking as if they had been in the fryer for several rounds before finding my plate.
The fish and tartar were delicious; the chips were bland and of questionable texture.
I think that I had expected more chips (like a big-ol' pile of 'em) but at least I expected a better flavour.
As for the overall portion size, I wasn't left feeling hungry, but nor was I left feeling full.
And for the price I paid, I'd have expected to be full before my plate was empty.
To summarise: Atmosphere, service, beer: GOOD.
Food quality: OK. Food quantity: Lacking.
I'd go back if invited by friends, but I'd make sure it was just for drinks and would eat before my arrival.

