Oh Uncle T's ...how do I love thee?
I don't get to Uncle T's too much anymore because I don't live as close as I used to - but whenever I took breaks from the library up the street while I was working on my dissertation, Uncle T's provided sustenance.
I would get the chicken and spicy avocado sandwich, toasted.
Always get it toasted.
Don't get it on the baguette either because it will be too hard to eat and all of the fillings will fall out - trust me, I know.
When you eat in, they give you loads of napkins and usually a fork as well so you can gobble up all of the goodness which will inevitably fall out of your overfilled sandwich of toasty tastiness.
It's even gotten to the point where the owner, his son, and the random guy who is always hanging out with the owner when he's not busy, all know who I am.
Whenever I go in these days they say they thought I'd moved back to America and they're so glad I'm still around.
The only down side of Uncle T's: It's really hard to actually eat IN here but there aren't many places to actually take your sandwich as, let's face it, it's Scotland and there aren't many days in the year when it's nice enough to sit outside.
But, the tables here are tiny and extremely low, which makes eating in a bit tricky.
The other down side is the owner's buddy who always wants to chat about politics - and once he found out I'm American, had a field day with me.
Actually, since Obama he's been much better but before the election  it was getting pretty old....
But to sum up - Uncle T's - top notch sandwiches all the way

If there's one thing that really annoys me about shop-bought sandwiches, it's the ridiculously mean amount of fillings they (don't) put in.
I like my sandwiches gooey, and that's why I love this place.
There's no question that Uncle T's is an absolute winner.
Yes, it's definitely more of a grab-and-go takeaway place than an actual café, but if I ever need to get lunch out and about this is always where I head first.
It's just across the street from several other national sandwich chains, and even if you're normally the kind of person lured in to those places on the basis of the reassurance that you always know exactly what you're going to get, I challenge you to give this place a go.
I guarantee you'll be converted.
They have more fillings than you'd think it possible to fit in one chill counter - a good selection of both veggie and non-veggie - so you can create your perfect bespoke sandwich exactly to your taste.
You can choose the type of bread it comes in, or whether or not it's toasted.
My one word of warning... take a bib.
Preferably one of those ones with the scoop at the bottom.

This place truely shocked me when I first stumbled upon it in my first year of university.
From the outside, Uncle T's really doesnt look like much, and I have never seen it as full as the other chain sandwich shops/deli's along this stretch of road, but thats a good thing.
A great place to grab a bite to eat, Uncle T's can provide just about any sandwich filling you care to think of, and then some.
I mean it, its mind boggling how many there are, it would take you ages to make your way through all of them - but that is becasue they are so tasty that you could get hooked on each filling for a very long time before moving on to your next option.
As with other reviews, i find it difficult to believe that a place as good as this really doesnt have any where substantial to sit and enjoy your andwiches, but this really isnt too big of a deal - especially on days where the weather permits lunch in the meadows.

What a little gem!
Uncle T's looks absolutely nothing from the outside, and so I have walked straight past it for years without paying it any attention.
It was only when a friend of mine said it was amazing that I apprehensively walked inside, but now I am in here all the time!
Situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, Uncle T's is a fantastic place for students to go for lunch or dinner.
Uncle T's sells a bit of everything and so there is bound to be something on the menu to suit everyone.
They serve the traditional style food such as filled rolls, toasties, soups and baked potatoes.
But Uncle T's goes one step further and specialises in Mediterranean style food, which tastes simply gorgeous.
Uncle T's also serves a selection of pasta and cous cous dishes, along with falafel and hummus dips, all freshly made - yum!
Uncle T's also makes delightful breakfast rolls, which include the traditional fillings such as bacon and sausage, but also more exotic one such as spicy scrambled eggs which contains chili and tomatoes - really amazing.
This cafe also serves a selection of hot and cold drinks, including freshly ground coffee.
I cannot recommend Uncle T's any higher - GO!

