Go for their lunch specials.
6 dollars get your a tofu panang that is so good.
And they have a pumpkin curry off menu that is so delicous.
And their lunch specials are 7 days a week and until 4pm.
That is so kicking.
I like to go around 2pm when it has quieted down after the lunch crowd and still get a deal.
I like the papaya salad and yen tow four.
It is like a real authentic noodle soup and they put morning glory in it.

Based on a recent review, we decided to try this new Thai restaurant for lunch.
We each ordered Thai ice tea and shared orders of basil shrimp and spicy noodles with shrimp.
Lunch entrees include a cup of some nondescript broth that neither of us finished.
The basil shrimp lacked both basil and much in the way of vegetables or meat while the spicy noodles dish was exceptionally bland and visually unappealing.

The food at Ping Pong is off the charts!
I have lunch here at least once a week and have had most items on the menu and have never had a bad meal.
The food has so much flavor, the portions are large and the service is friendly.
I have a friend who likes the food so much he drives from Summerlin once a week to meet for lunch at Ping Pong.
Yes, sometimes it is so crowded you may have to wait for a table during lunch, and since they try and serve all the food hot, everyone at the tables food may come out at different times.
But if you can get over the them being extremely busy you will find a great restaurant with friendly service.

Wow, the other reviews are on opposite ends of the spectrum!
I'm not going to jump for joy over this place but my experience certainly wasn't nearly as bad as the other Yelpers.
For dinner, we ordered Thai iced tea which was very satisfactory and chicken satay as our appetizer.
We loved the chicken satay and the peanut sauce was soo yummy!
I've had better crab fried rice at Pin-Kaow but theirs didn't disappoint.
We also had a chicken with curry dish that was jam packed with flavor.
We haven't gone for lunch yet but we will definitely try their lunch specials!

Since, I live very, very close to the strip, it's not always that easy to get food delivered to you.
We found Ping Pong on Google Maps, and decided to order from there one night.
We've since then ordered there for delivery numerous times.
Usually takes about 45 to get to us, but the food's always hot when we get it and delicious.
Ask for the Pad Kee Mao, with chicken, it's not on the menu but it's pretty good.
Aka Drunken Noodles, though, the Drunken noodles they have listed on their menu, is not drunken noodles.
It's made with more of a spaghetti type noodle, meh.
The Curry Noodles, are also pretty good too.
The Red Curry itself is good, as is the Panang.
We ordered Thai Fried Rice last time, and it was mighty good.
Just a simple fried rice (almost like chinese) with pork.
The best item on the menu though, the dish that makes my boyfriend erect with delight, is the Beef salad, Nom Tok, NOT the regular spicy beef salad, but specifically the Nom Tok.
It's just beef, cilandro, red onions and sometimes they throw some lettuce on the side, which we diligently toss to the side of the container.
The sauce is tasty, limey, spicy, and I love the ground rice powder, gives it a nice texture.
I also like their Pad Prik King too (just spicy sauce, like a chili sauce/almost chili oil) with Beef.
All it is, is green beans, beef and sauce.
All in all, it's not the best Thai I've had (Sripraphai in Woodside, NY) but, its decent, and not terribly overpriced.

Went in for the lunch special, place was busy, but got service quickly, ordered the curry off the menu with tofu and brown rice , it arrived quickly and while it wasn't the best i have had in Vegas it defiantly was not the worst either.
I was very happy with the food and service and the pricing was great $17 for 2 people thats lunch and ice tea.
Ill go again

I actually found this place.. through a menu left on my door.
Usually I throw those away on the spot.. but I do have an interest in different Asian Style foods.
So i gave it a try.
I was very please with what I ordered the first time.. which was duck wraps and curry noodles.
I didn't know what to get so I went with what I like and I was pleased.
Since then I have ordered from this place a couple more times.
I have tried a few different dishes.. the delivery of the food is always hot and comes in about 30 minutes for me..
Upon reading other reviews I will be ordering again and trying the recommended dishes.
Give it a shot.
Its good stuff.
P.S.
I was a bit more than slightly impressed with the fact that they remembered that I am one of only 2 people in my housing area that orders from them.. it was nice for the recognition.
The young lady that answers teh phone is very cordial and helpful.
I'm just saying.. it's nice to get good service, even on a take-out order!

I love duck & this place has an amazing spicy roasted duck plate I believe it was dish #54.
A great choice for duck lovers.

via text Chum: Hey, I'm arriving here at one, dinner?
drinks?
both?
Me: Both  7 pm Chum: Where the hell are you?
Me: Downtown Chum: Meet us at Ping Pong on Sunset  Didn't get a chance to Yelp it, but Chum and his pals liked it so I met up with them.
The place was empty except for a couple.
It was strange...they sat us in the booth right next to them.
Trixie and Antonio come here often and love it.
They also commented that every time they are here, the place is empty.
I asked what about lunch, and they said it's the same.
So a red flag went up and I now wondered if it was any good.
But then again, Chum has dated an assortment of Asian girls so maybe he had better take on this place than I gave him credit for even if he's a vegetarian.
I ordered my standard Panang curry with chicken.
Here is where it was a little strange.
This was the first time, I've ordered Thai food with people who didn't opt to share everything.
So I couldn't try Trixie's Pad Thai, although I'm sure she would have if I asked, but I had just met them, so I felt kinda weird.
My dish was very good with just the right amount of heat...I ordered it spicy #2.
I also ordered a Singha beer as well.
Price wasn't so bad...$53 for the four of us.
The portions were generous too.
Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience.
We thought that maybe this was a cover for some money laundering thing.
And what's up with the name?
Is ping pong even Thai in origin?
The staff was very nice.
I thought it was funny that the rice took a while to come out.
So I'm not sure if my review is accurate based on one dish.
But it is my favorite and it was very tasty.
I would definitely come back and try more the next time I'm in the area.
I'm in an internet cafe because the wifi is whack at my hotel.

Being from out of town and here weekly for work for a few months, I always try to get to new places.
PingPong is on my way from my client to my hotel so they are a natural choice for me to grab a bite after work.
I have had their Thai Rolls (salad rolls minus the shrimp, crab instead), Larb Gai and Pad Thai.
The food is good if not completely traditional (except the Larb Gai, awesome!).
The service is froendly and efficient.
I'm sure that I'll be a regular over the course of the next few months while I am here in Las Vegas.

Just went here for lunch and ordered the beef salad.
I'm eating it right now, it is phenomenal.
It is honestly making love to my mouth.
This place is very, very clean.
The staff is more than courteous and the service is very quick.
The prices are actually quite good here especially at lunch.
This is actually one of the best Thai places I've been to in Vegas.
[p.s.- the ladies that work here are quite attractive which further added to my experience.
;)]  I will be back again and again.
I highly suggest it.

everyone gave 4 stars, maybe I am an odd in here,  I have to say that the restaurant looks clean and nice, the service is quick, but the food is too salty I ordered pad see yew, it was so salty and the portion was so small compared to other Thais restaurant near around  I came at the lunch time around 1pm, and it was crowded,

My family and I decided to come here while in Vegas and in desperate need of some lunch grubbin' after church.
We were happy to see that there was a Thai restaurant; I've never actually had Thai food in Vegas before, really.
Anyways, the place is pretty spacious and the decorations are pretty nice.
There weren't many people in the restaurant while we were there, but we noticed there were only about 2 waitresses doing EVERYTHING.
So we order the food: I get Pad See Ew, my sister gets Pad Thai, and my other sister gets this veggie curry with peanut sauce.
Everyone was served a salad and soup before their main dishes arrived, but the salads and soups here are a joke.
Such a small portion!!
I mean, I finished it in one bite (literally)!
The Pad See Ew was pretty good, but also really oily.
I don't think it was the best I've had, but the flavors seemed to be really good just because there was so much oil!
Granted, I was hungry, so I ate everything.
The Pad Thai was also pretty good.
I didn't have many complaints with it, although I really disliked the curry that my other sister got.
It came with a really whack peanut sauce, that seemed to solidify or something.
I don't remember what it was called, but it was just not good.
Ick.
In terms of service, it was slow -- obviously because there were two waitresses serving everyone in a huge restaurant (which was an odd concept to me).
There weren't even a lot of people, but the waitresses still took a long time to give us water, food, tea, and.. everything.
They really need to hire more people during busier hours.
Or were they not expecting a bigger turnout?
Anyways, the food's pretty good.
I wouldn't mind coming here again, really, but they just need to amp up the service.

If I can tell any of you dear readers two things it is this...people who wear black robes are extremely picky about when you show up...and if you meet one in an alley way behind a bar in Tuscon they will charge 20 dollars extra for things that should be included.
That being said my Southwest tour of *******(removed for legal reasons)****has taken my down a long and winding path.
So, I am getting ready to see the ****** again and before it was time to go to ***** my ****** said that we need to eat before the **** bargain was going to be announced.
I agreed under few conditions...it had to be Thai food and it had to be Thai food on a nice sounding street...AND the restaurant had to have a really stupid name.
...here comes Ping Pong on East Sunset.
Ping Pong...I did a lot of that while ****** in that horrible ****** and and dreamed about it when i spent 8 months in the hole.
Okay, I can do this.
Let's go.
So we went in and I have to say, and it isn't because i have spent most of my life in ****** facilities...but the girls who work as waitresses are all very nice looking.
Good beginning.
One of these sweet young things sits us down at a table, gives us menus and tells us she will be right back.
I think she will make a great wife number 7.
The lunch menu was complete with all of the standard favorites: pad thai, yellow curry, hot and sour soup, etc.
With the pad thai, yellow curry and other dishes you can chose your own meat.
After ordering we get a complementary bowl of soup, which was very good.
Great coconut milk flavor.
A few minutes later the food came.
Very good portion size, and the quality of the food wasn't exceptional but it was good.
For example, I picked the chicken as my meat with the yellow curry and I found two pieces of gristle that should have been cut away before cooking.
Another complaint is that I was asked how hot I wanted it, and I like my food spicy so I told her that.
Not only was it not that spicy, but all they did was added red pepper flakes as far as I could tell.
The broth of the curry was not spicy unless I directly ate a red pepper flake.
So it appears to me they do what most places who serve the Anglo's do...they make it mild and they use a cheap way to make it hotter.
I am Rex Marvin...I can TELL when you do that.
Which is a shame that their prep work was sloppy and their food made too pedestrian for the masses.
The other techniques they used were great.
The vegetables were cleaned and cut well, they had been properly marinated in the stews and soup, and they took on a great flavor.
The hot chicks in great outfits were nice.
The portions were good.
The price was right.
Unfortunately this is the case of exotic cuisine being Americanized to a point of losing what makes it really special.
I tried explaining that to the chef, but I am not sure he could understand me with all the screaming and my **** pulling at me and sobbing about all his hard work down the drain.
I like to think the chef understood...but all I saw was fear...all I heard was madness.
Hope he was able to wash those friggin red pepper flakes out of his eyes by now.
From now on if I want Thai's I am either going to this great hooker I know who also does this bead trick that is out of this world...or maybe Archi's.
Sure, I had to alley whip some punk last time i was there, and I am banned, but who is going to stop me?
I am Rex Marvin.
You are not.

I've been here twice, both times trying really hard to like this place, simply because the ladies that work there are quite attractive, but both times I'm left with just an average tasting meal.
First time I ordered the Phad Thai, and it was a little bland for my taste, so the second time I tried the Chicken Sate, and although the chicken was a little dry, the peanut sauce was awesome, making for an OK meal.
Still debating if there will be a third try....

Had the Tom Kah soup today at lunch.
Very flavorful.
As good as any I have had anywhere.

I had the yellow curry lunch with tofu.
When asked if I wanted mild, medium or hot, I said Medium and that I didnt want it too spicy.
It came with tons of red pepper flake and was too spicy to really enjoy it.
I feel like it could be really great, and the $6.00 lunch special is awesome.
I will give this place another try.

Attempt number two-- the yellow curry lunch special.
I ordered it mildly-spicy this time and while it was definitely easier to eat than the medium-spicy (I don't like to sweat or cry while eating my lunch) it still lacked a lot of flavor.
The curry here is also rather thin, the vegetable consisted of mostly half cooked onion, some carrot slices and even less potato along with mediocre deep-fried cubes of tofu.
The curry isn't bad, but its not great (maybe I am a curry snob).
The chopsticks they gave me were just gross.
I took a picture but won't post it here.
For all I know, she could have given them to me by accident.
I really really really want to like this place, but I am disappointed again.
Even though the lunch special prices are good and its near enough for me to pick up when I am working-- I go back to my office dreaming of the curry I wish ping pong's could be.

This is a great little family-owned Thai place!
We ordered over the phone so often that they recognized us by our order (and once they even stayed open 15 minutes later just for our take-out order...great customer service!).
Their pad-thai was delicious just about every time I've had it...but once I wasn't pleased with it and I told them that it just didn't taste right.
They were very polite about it and gave me my next order of pad-thai for free :)  Their yellow curry is also savory and yummy.
This place never disappoints :)

It was close to the office that I am currently stationed at.
The food was delicious after a long day of campaigning.
It was just the right spice level- I asked her the range and she said 4 is super spicy, 3 spicy.
I got the 2 level and it was just right.
Ate the chicken yellow curry and it was quite yummy.
Very affordable.

I always drive by Ping Pong whenever I go to Ross J's to get lunch.
In my neverending quest to keep trying new places, I finally decided to give them a go.
To my delight, they have Panang Curry as one of their lunch specials.
That's pretty much my go-to curry choice.
I went with the basic choice of chicken, but you can also get veggie, tofu, beef, pork, or upgrade to shrimp or even salmon.
The curry tasted good.
I'm realizing that I'm not that picky in general.
My currrent favorite Panang is Archi's, so I have to compare to that.
I give the edge to Archi's for overall flavor.
Both feature string beans, but Archi's Panang has a slightly better cut and texure to the string bean.
Sounds silly, but I really like what string beans bring to the mix.
I'm in between three and four stars.
I'll leave it at a strong three.
I'm definitely adding Ping Pong to my lunch destination rotation.

One of my favorite places for lunch.
The specials are great and they'll make most things with tofu and without egg where applicable.
I've tried quite a few items on the menu, some are great and some are average.
Some of the greats: Pad Kee Mao (my personal favorite), Panang Curry, Tom Ka Gai.
Some of the average: Rama Noodles, Pad Thai, Asian Chopper Salad.
The meat eaters I lunch with like the Beef Noodle Soup, Pad See Ew with chicken, Panang Curry with beef and the Crab Wontons.
The place is always packed at lunch time.
I'm not sure if it's for the food or the attractive, all-female staff.
Either way, they know what they're doing.

Yummy!!!
I have never tried anything here that I didn't like!!
The lunch specials are so worth it- $5.95 with soup or salad- Today I had the Basil Chicken with chicken breast instead of ground chicken and it was so good.
I like the rice here, it always looks clean-I am very picky about my rice and can tell if it was washed well or not.
The BF had yellow curry with chicken and we got the Pad See Ew w/ pork to share-YUM!!!!
The soup that came with our lunch speacial was Chicken Tom Yum soup - this is the only place that I like this particular soup at.
The salad dressing for my salad was too sweet though...
The Chicken dishes are all served with chicken breasts, my favorite!!!
I have tried their egg rolls-good and the banana egg rolls with coconut ice cream-just lovely!!!
This place is always clean and always dim - very relaxing atmosphere...
I have decided today that this place has become my favorite Thai restaurant.
I look forward to eating more yummy food here....

Tried this place for the first time last night with seven of my friends.
Besides a party of two that was already there when we arrived, we were the only ones there.
That being said - I wasn't impressed by the service at all.
I understand when a restaurant is busy that I might not get the best service ever, but when the restaurant is completely empty - service should be pretty good.
Being a party of eight, we didn't all arrive at the same time.
When I got there, three of my friends were already seated and had their drinks.
I sat down, and it was another 5 minutes until two more showed up.
And another 5 minutes after that when the last person showed.
About 10 minutes after that, we were all ready to order - and it was at that moment that I finally saw an employee for the first time.
Really?!
Twenty minutes of sitting there - and I had yet to see an employee?
That's ridiculous.
Food wise - it was decent.
I've definitely had better Thai food in Vegas, but this wasn't the worst place I'd been to.
I ordered the Pad Kee Mao which had good flavor and the spiciness [level 2] was just right.
However, it was way too oily.
I tried some of my friends Pad Thai - which was alright.
Sweeter than most of the other ones I tried.
I also had the pleasure of trying the Crab Fried Rice - which was definitely the best entree of the night.
One other thing I'll say - is that they do not seem to be consistent with the way they spice everything.
Four of us ordered our meals at level 2.
And all four of our meals were definitely not the same level of spiciness.
One friend ordered a level one, and his dish seemed to be spicier than all the level twos.
All in all - probably wouldn't eat dinner here again.
I'd maybe go back to try one of their lunch specials - but that's only if I'm really craving Thai food when I'm on that side of town.

Service was fine, ambiance is nice and the lunch special pricing is good.
So why the 2?
Well..
I really like spicy food, but spice with FLAVOR.... not the kind of spice that just rips your tongue off and leaves you with no taste buds whatsoever.
And unfortunately when I ordered the Panang Curry at what I thought was a pretty conservative spice level of 2 out of 4 (yes, they only give you a 1-4 range... lame), they gave me the kind of spice I HATE.
I couldn't even enjoy it.
About halfway through I had lost any sense of taste and I had tears coming out of my eyes.
For a level 2?!
And the strange thing is, my brother ordered his dish (I believe it was the Pad See Ew) at a spice level 2 and his wasn't nearly as hot as mine.
So that leads me to believe they don't really know what they're doing in the kitchen, and by reading some of the other reviews I don't think this was an isolated incident.
So that was a bummer.
Maybe if I gave them a second chance I'd have a better experience, but I don't see myself rushing back any time soon.

Went there for lunch.
Had the Pad See Ew with Chicken.
It was yummy.
My friend had the yellow curry with chicken which was also very good.
The salad that comes with the meals had great dressing.
The service was slow but we still got in and out in under and hour.
I would definitely go back again.

To the individuals who've rated this from one to three stars because of their lame negative attitudes: WAAAAAA WAAAAAAA!!
This place is an oasis and a treat to the taste buds...and for the service, price, and food...It's a Five Star for All you Real Folks out there.
:-)

My favorite Thai restaurant, in fact, we don't like to go anywhere else!
I drive from Summerlin area to Henderson to get my Thai fix, that's how much I love this place,  Pad Thai - scrumptious, perfect blend of sweet and savory, not oily or dry Panang curry - love the mixture of coconut and curry  You won't go wrong with this Thai choice.

#22 Thai Basil 'Beef'  : very good!
I would bet it's good on French bread or Sourdough bread.
Jasmine or Basmati  rice is a must.

This place is quickly becoming one of my favorite Thai restaurants.
I love their chicken pad thai.
To mix it up a little bit, I don't get the crushed peanuts, but rather have whole cashews instead.
Also, their thai tea is delicious.
This is neither here nor there, but I'm sure you would appreciate this if you are a guy.
Their staff have some of the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in a restaurant.
I swear they could be models.
Good food and good looking woman.
What more could a man want?
Check it out!

Ok...so I can't hate on the place because it's the closest, more affordable Thai restaurants when I used to live in this area.
BUT there's something missing about this place that I quite can't put my finger on...maybe it's missing the love in it's dishes...I'm not sure.
Anyway, here's my reason for the 3/5 stars overall.
Whenever I dine in, service is inconsistent.
Sometimes they'll be on point, other times I'll have to flag them for attention.
And no, I'm not a needy guest so I don't see my comment as some cry for attention; I'm just sayin' that feeling neglected can suck!
Plus, I get somewhat frustrated when the place isn't THAT busy and I don't get no love.
As for the food.
I've had almost all their curries.
I don't think nor do I remember them offering any green curry, but that's not a biggie for me because I don't tend to order green curry anyway.
I think all their curries are delicious; I am especially fond of their panang.
All their curries have a great portion of the meats and veggies.
(I typically ordered chicken or tofu in my curries and are both cooked well into the curry).
In terms of flavor, their chicken satay isn't anything extraordinary but I believe their portions might be slightly bigger than most Thai food places.
The Tom Kah soup is excellent; great balance of the coconut and citrus, broth and meat.
Lastly, their noodle dishes.
I'm not particularly a fan.
They come out inconsistent--sometimes it will have the great balance of the flavor/sauce on the dish other times it's dry or overly saturated with sauce.
I wouldn't mind coming back here again for a standard Thai cuisine and service.
Not too shabby for the area.

I was in Vegas for a bachelor party (I know, stereotypical) and stayed around the corner from this place.
After a hard night of drinking and partying, I woke up not feeling the greatest.
This is where Ping Pong saved the day.
I ordered the Spicy Noodles with chicken.
It was brilliant.
Perfectly seasoned and plenty of food for the price.
Lunch specials for the win.
A lot of veggies tossed in wide egg noodles and juicy chicken on top.
I loved loved loved it.
The entree paired with a Thai ice tea made my hangover non-existent.
Well that and plenty of H2O.
If I'm ever in the area, I'll hit this place up for sure.

I usually come here for lunch.
If they are busy, which they usually are, prepare to wait for you lunch 30-45 minutes, if you come around 11am then the wait shouldn't be that long at all.
When you walk in, you will notice the all female staff which is probably why their customers are usually guys that come in for lunch.
I get the pad see ew or beef and broccoli, I have been sticking with the pad see ew because usually when I get a dish that comes with rice the rice is inconsistent and soggy sometimes.
I opt for the level 4 (spiciest) and it's pretty spicy but I have had spicier at other thai places.
The lunch special comes with your choice of salad or soup, the soup is always the same and I feel like they water it down to keep it going thru the week.
What keeps me coming here is the cheap prices and portion of good food which works out well.
I have a Thai Iced Tea fetish and here it is great and comes in a large to go cup which is usually twice the size than you will find at other places.

Although I experienced  mediocre food here at lunch, I heard good things about dinner.
I was a bit hesitant at first, but decided to eat here one last time for dinner.
To my amazement, its like Restaurante "A" by day and "Awesome restaurant by night!
" The Pad thai for one tastes totally different...makes me wondering if there are two different cooks for this place...
Pro's: I ordered the Shrimp Pad thai, Seafood fried rice and chicken red curry!
Splendidly good!
Shrimp Pad thai wasn't too mushy, there was decent portions of the meat/shrimp in each order as well.
Everything was decent in size, service was speedy and polite and the food has been consistently good three times in a row.
I waited to make sure it wasn't a hit or miss type of thing.
I also ordered one number lower than "Thai spice" being that they ask you to rate how spicy you want your food.
I like my food spicy but i wanted to make sure i could taste the food and not just the spice... :) Another thing is....i grew up with spicy food so if you aren't sure how spicy you should order your food, just ask the waitress for assistance, they are pretty helpful with this.
:)  Cons: The Thai Tea was a little to sweet for my liking.
but aside for this, Everything was great so I really have no complaints!
My favorite thai place in Vegas hands down for dinner!
(lotus of siam is among one of the favs still but their clientel is different, their portions are smaller and I actually didn't like some of the plates i ordered the last time i was there...still 4 stars in my book..i just need to write a rating for them :/)

I had the crispy garlic chicken.
It was okay; not really crispy or anything.
Good, but  nothing special.

This is a good place to go to for just a chill dinner or lunch if you're feeling like Thai.
When my boyfriend and I feel like having a low-key dinner, we usually end up here.
It's pretty roomy in there and the customer service is pretty good.
Their portions are pretty decent.
I can't finish my meals, especially the noodles, but it's just right for my boyfriend.
He said it's just the perfect amount right before it gets painful.
I ordered their yellow curry - delicious!
I believe they ask you "how spicy: 1-4?
" I got a 2... and it was pretty darn spicy for me.
I also ordered their Tom Yum Soup, which was super temperature hot, which made it spicier, but also pretty darn good as well!
If you want to try a new Thai place, this is definitely a safe bet!

So I came back here with 3 others, ordered the same dishes as i had before.
We order 3 of 4 on the spice scale (the highest number usually signifies "Thai Spice" which is too spicy for most) but it wasn't spicy enough.
Several times before, 3 of 4 was pretty hot/spicy.
I didn't ding them for that this time but ping pong Thai...I think you guys need to standardize your spice scale.
Maybe create one so all the cooks know and goes by the same standards rather than their own opinion of what 3 of 4 spicy should be.
This way, when local people like me comes to visit, we could expect our food to taste the same or relatively the same each time.
Thanks!

My boyfriend and I love Thai food.
In fact, when I first moved out here, the first restaurant I looked for was a Thai place.
I had asked locals and one of them recommended this place.
The restaurant is in a quiet plaza, and all the times I've gone there was around 9:00PM and there would be maybe two or three parties already seated and a couple more would stroll in as I waited.
I always ordered my food to-go, so I don't know exactly how their in-restaurant service is, but as far as to-go orders, the service is fast!
The food is pretty good, I usually order Pad Thai and Red Curry with chicken and it's delicious.
The only complaint I have is that there are only four levels of spicy.
I've always experienced a spice level either on a 1-10 scale or a 1-12 scale...with only four levels, I feel like it's either going to be too spicy or too bland.
There's nothing in-between for those who aren't sure what level to get.
The first time I went, I got a level 2, and it was okay (but, I do have a high tolerance for spicy food).
The next time I went, I tried the three and it was waaaay spicer.
The spiciness between the levels 2 and 3 was an extremely drastic jump.
I love spicy food so I didn't really mind, but if you're unsure, I suggest getting a level 2.
My food usually came out within 10 minutes of ordering it, and the servers always ask if I want water while I wait for my food, which I don't experience often while ordering to-go, so it was a nice touch.
The prices are pretty decent considering it is a sit-in restaurant and the portion sizes they give you.
I've lived here for three months, and I've already lost count of how many times I've ordered from here.
I'm a loyal customer (:   P.S.
They have free delivery services.
I have yet to try it out, though, sorry!

Great Thai Food with Good Price

Yes this is a great place to get Thai food while you are in Vegas.
It's not  that far from the strip.
The staff is very friendly and the food is as good as it gets.
I will come back for sure next time I am in town!!!

Fall is here ..I Love Tom Yum Noodle Soup at Ping Pong Thai with Extra Spicy ..Reminded of my home ..Thailand !

Eat lunch here frequently.
Usually VERY busy restaurant, but the wait is never too long.
Food is fresh and not over cooked.
Try it and you won't be disappointed.

Another common eat spot for the crew at work and me.
The food is good and the service is always friendly.
I recommend the chicken pad Thai #3 myself.
The coconut chicken soup is the best!!
If you're coming for lunch its best to come between 11-12 or you might find you and your entourage standing waiting for a table.

This is my first review and I want to review about thai food cuz i'm thai lol.Yesterday I went to this restaurant with my boyfriend.
We had papaya salad to start and 2 meals basil with seafood and beef noodle soup.
We enjoyed our food an service was soo good.
There are cute waitresses.
If you wanna try authentic Thai u should u go there.

First time eating here and it was a great experience I arrived and there were two other tables finishing up their meals as i sat down.
I got there at 12:55 to meet my boyfriend for lunch.
I knew what he wanted chicken Pad Sei ew 6.95 and Thai Iced tea 2.75 and i got shrimp pad thai 8.95.
I ordered both dishes at 3 out of 4 spicyness which wasn't too spicy.
I was thinking i should have ordered a 4/4.
Both of the lunch specials came with a chicken cabbage soup which was really tasty!
YUM!
The food came out minutes after i ordered it which was surprising, but then the other tables had already been served.
My boyfriend didnt arrive until 1:20 so before he arrived i asked the friendly waitress if they could warm it up because i didnt realize he was going to be late and the food would come out so quickly.
I would defiantly come back again and my BF said he would come for lunch again.

Yelp Challenge!
Started 8/20/2011 (19 of 365).
I have been around the Las Vegas Thai restaurant block so I must say that this place is good enough to eat; but only for a quick lunch on your work lunch break.
This is not a restaurant to go brag about to your friends and make reservations for an awesome Thai food experience.
1 star = quick and courteous service   2 stars = for the free soup they provide at the beginning of your meal after you take your order; it's actually a different kind on different days and so far the two I' ve tasted have been yummy (hot and sour, vegetable/pork)  3 stars and no more than that = for the food.
The food is good and tasy, but the the textures are not what I am used to.
I ordered the Panangy Curry beef, and my boyfriend ordered the Curry Soup w/ noodles and beef.
He was extremely displeased because his soup came w/ spaghetti noodles and not your regular asian egg noodle or chow fun noodle he was expecting.
He felt as if he were eating an american thai fusion curry soup.
It was tasty enough to finish, but he would not order it again.
He also was not fulfilled w/ the amount of food he ate and started eating off my plate.
He commented that my food was not very good either because of the soupy texture of my Panangy Curry.
This is the texture I'm talking about; I'm used to thick curry from other Thai restaurants.
It was still tasty to boot, and I liked that the entree had lots of vegetables and lots of meat in it's portion.
This place is convenient to go for business lunch, but not an enjoyable weekend lunch or dinner.
Quality is only 3 stars.

Come early on during lunch time because this place always gets packed.
Best value for the money for Thai food in all of Vegas.
The Basil Chicken and Pad Kee Maw are our favorites.
Never had a bad experience at this place.

I went here for lunch today.
The service was excellent from Som and Anise.
We ordered from the lunch menu, and also an extra bowl of soup.
Everything was good.
I was impressed with the atmosphere and cleanliness.
I would return and recommend this place for meals.
I cannot attest to authenticity...
But the food was good and the servers were very nice looking and attentive.

This is a good lunch stop if you have a craving for Thai food and are on the east/southeast side of town.
Love the beef jerky, chicken satay with the peanut sauce and the Thai iced tea.

This is one of the Best restaurants I have ever been to.
If you like Thai food, or want to try it out.
This place serves real Thai, cooked well and great service.
And you get to see some lovely Thai ladies serving your table.
Did I mention I think Thai women are special.
Well it doesn't matter, except to me.

The food here is OK compared to many other Thai places you can go in the area.
The majority of the people I know who go here like the eye candy more than the stuff on the plate.
Overall, I can't complain, the service at lunch was quick and consistent.
And that's all I can really say about this restaurant.

Chili Mint Noodle is great and so is the fried rice.
Great prices.
Big portions.

The Good:  It is a perfect thai lunch place for any work day lunch.
If you are out with your colleagues for thai lunch out, this is a very good place to be.
Food is OK.  Service is quintessentially thai-place-esque.
Lunch menu choices are wide.
Lunch special comes with a tiny portion of soup of the day and a salad (I don't like the dressing they put on that salad).
Call ahead of time, if you have a group of 6 or more.
The Bad:  Nothing bad here really.
But its not a kind of place I would go for a dinner.
For me, its their lunch special that appeals.
Thats about it.

after passing by a thousand times finally ate there some months back, now a regular.. the Roast duck pad thai was very, very good & spicy as requested.
As a 'seasoned' Vegas local that luvs spicy dishes, I know to emphasize spice when ordering.
Unfortunately here in the valley, restaurants are too often afraid to scare away the midwestern-ish tourists with spiciness, so you nearly have to talk them into it.
Now they know what I prefer & I rarely have to even ask.
The thai iced tea is good, and the chicken satay, curry-coconut mussels on rice noodles, kim-chee, garlic lobster, grilled salmon are all to friggin' die for.

Mainly I'm reviewing to comment on the prices.
I went here because it was listed with one $.
I spent $22.00 on spring rolls, a larb salad and an iced tea.
That's not one $.
While I'm here, I will add at the food was decent.
Nothing special though.

A consistently good choice.
Everything I've tried has been great!

I had the pad thai lunch special, and it was a fair serving that I didn't get to finish.
It was very good and saucy.
The service and ambiance was good.
I would dine there again.

We were at a nearby coffee shop and needed to grab some lunch so I opted to pick something up from here.
I think it's rather pleasant inside-- wood interior with lots of pretty decorations.
The employees are friendly as well and of course that's a plus.
I ordered from the takeout menu and went with a beef and broccoli and the chicken pad thai.
Yes I know beef and broccoli is not an authentic thai dish but that's what my girlfriend wanted so just shut it everyone.
The food was ready fairly quickly and I peaced out.
The serving sizes are respectable.
Better than some of the other small Thai places in town that I've reviewed.
The quality was respectable as well.
the beef was not too chewy and dry and the broccolis did not appear old or wilted.
They served plenty of sticky rice with it as well.
I was a bit dissappointed that we couldn't get soup to go but I guess that's policy.
The salads were unremarkable-- typical iceberg contraptions with a bit of thai dressing.
I certainly enjoyed the pad thai.
Plenty of nut crumbs and a decent amount of meat.
It had the right amount of sweetness without being overpowering, and I was very full after finishing it.
One complaint I do have is that it was a bit heavy-- I think they could stand to use a bit less cooking oil but hey I'm not the cook so what do I know.
Verdict: 3.5 stars.
I think this place offers an excellent value for casual thai-- the sort of place you might go to for lunch if you are on your break or in the middle of a study run at a starbucks or something.
They don't skimp on portions which makes them worthy of your business.
I WILL be back here because they are so conveniently located next to Sunrise Coffee and I love thai.
That being said, I just can't award them with a 4 star review because the competition for Thai out here is just so fierce.
They don't do enough to stand out or really earn my business on a more serious level such as for a romantic dinner.

Decent prices, generous portions (I always order extra rice but have enough for two meals,) friendly service, great food.
I love this place!
I agree that the billboard is silly since it looks more like that of a massage parlor than a restaurant but apparently that's why SOME people go to thai restaurants?
The waitresses are usually pretty if that's your concern.
I always get the red chicken panang curry, my husband always gets the yellow curry.
They have great lunch specials.

I love this place for lunch, great food, fast service, good size portions and excellent prices.
For dinner... while the food is still great, it is too expensive for the portion size.
But I am still giving them 5 stars because of their lunch specials..

Yay!
Monkey's a fan.
Passed this place up many times, thinking it was some kind of massage or them kind of coffee shops, based on its fancy billboard featuring two girls...  and c'mon, Ping Pong?
Anyways, thanks to a cold, rainy day and DELIVERY service, Monkey finally gave this place a go.
Grub!
Monkey do: PAD THAI Tofu - Plenty to share, if you really wanted to...   PAD SEE-EW Tofu - Excellent noodles, broccoli, egg and plenty of tofu SWIMMING RAMA Tofu - plenty of vegetables, tofu and very good flavor.
Too bad their curry is the runny kind, but still delicious.
THAI ICED TEA - perfect to take off the heat  Spice levels are 1 - 4, with 4 being the spiciest.
Monkey believe these are 1 - 4 shakes of the spice bottle on top of the dish.
One bite may be spicier than the next, as the spices don't seem to be mixed in.
Either way, food is still delicious.
These 3 items came out to $27.70.
A little steep for just two dishes and a drink.
Monkey will definitely try out the lunch specials, as many other Yelpers have mentioned here.
They accept credit cards even for delivery.
Food arrives quickly and neatly wrapped to ensure nothing spills out of each container.

Great pad thai.
Always fast servive!

One of the best Thai restaurants in vegas.
The Quality and prices of the food were reasonable, but their super friendly service is a plus!
You can request for no MSG :)!
In all honesty, it did not seem like the best location for a great restaurant, but it was amazing.
They are vegetarian friendly and would accommodate your request to replace any meat with tofu.
Their portions match their prices and noodle dish could feed 3 people.
I ordered the pad see-ew, papaya salad, chicken curry, and the steam vegetables.
The noodles were perfectly cooked and flavored.
Once you had a fork full, you could not stop lol.
The papaya salad and vegetables were scrumptious perfectly cooked.
The chicken curry was good too.
The level of hot was 1-4, and the waitress was a 10 ;) haha.
jk jk.
but Good food and pretty people.
try it out.
Yum!~

Ordered the salmon it was extremely dry my fiance did not like his dish either.
I will not return to this place ever again!

My favorite Thai restaurant in the whole world.
I used to live off green valley and sunset and this is my all time favorite :) their Thai tea is amazing!
Their pad thai is amazing!
And their mango coconut rice is out of this world the best!
And my absolute favorite....
They deliver!
Haha

I'll start with the positive because it'll be quick.
Great service!
Everyone was very nice and worked like a team so it was also very quick.
OK, that's it!
The food was unimpressive to say the least.
The soup was inedible, rice was barely okay, and my entrée was way too sweet.
The dining room had an unfinished look to it and there was a thick layer of dust on everything that wasn't easy to clean.
To be honest... it probably deserves a 1 star but they were so nice that I just can't do that to them.
I have a feeling that I caught the kitchen on a bad day but I guess I'll never know.
Sorry guys but it's just not worth the revisit.

Love the mixed vegetables with the chicken!
Nice eating area!
Sometimes seems like a little of a language barrier, but worth it for the food!

It's not THE best but it's not the worst either.
They actually make your food spicy which I think is great.
Price there is pretty reasonable for lunch menu (around $7).
Most of the dishes was between $5-7.
Their thai tea was pretty sweet to me so I had to add extra water to water it down.
Tom Yum Goong was good although doesn't seem like the same ingredients used at other thai restaurants.
Pad See Ew was pretty good too but again not the same ingredients as other thai restaurants and the cut of pork was something I'm not use to.
It was somewhat dry.
All in all, I wouldn't mind coming back here for lunch cause its really close to work.

Been to this place many times.
Not a single disappointing experience.
They are the most reasonably-priced Thai restaurant and their food is excellent.
The lunch prices are the best in town and the serving sizes are pretty decent.
I would recommend the spring rolls, pad kee maw, Thai basil beef and sukiyaki.

ordered in for lunch and they delivered.
I am so happy to have found this place.
this curry is excellent!!
going on my "favorites" list.

Good Thai dishes.
Make sure you understand the Spicy levels.

A place to try for all Thai lovers.
O overstarred it by one because prices are good n even their cheaper/ lunch menu was quiet good...

Chicken chow mein was amazing!
Best Thai food so far!

I've been looking for something new as a lunch spot.
A friend took me here last week and it was pretty good.
Just about the entire staff greets you as you walk in.
I had the drunken noodles.
Perfect heat and excellent flavors.
Not to mention a healthy portion.
I will be back to try the other options.

I was in Vegas for a Bachelorette party and we stayed at Mandalay Bay.
Having had a long night out then being in the pool all day, the thought of having to go out and buy food was draining especially because we had to get ready for the night.
So I searched online for places  that would deliver to us and of course a ton of pizza places showed up... Luckily I found Ping Pong Thai!
I called and the lady said we would have to spend $50+ to get food delivered all the way to Mandalay Bay.
Well we had 5 girls so it was perfect, we were bound to spend more than that.
Anyway, the delivery guy came less than an hour straight to our hotel room!
We got 4 chicken pad Thais and a crab fried rice.
They were a pretty big size that could last each of us two different meals.
The only reason why I gave 4 out of 5 is because I've had better Pad Thai.
Maybe it's because I usually have it fresh in a restaurant?
I don't know but it was still good!
I will definitely order from them again when I am in town and feeling lazy to go out to a restaurant.
Good food, reasonable prices, great customer service, and fast delivery!
I'm sold :)

For lunch, this is the place to be!
They have super quick service and their serving sizes are awesome.
I can't comment on dinner, but I'd definitely recommend this if you're looking for a yummy and cheap lunch.
I'd recommend the Panang Curry,  Basil Chicken, Pad Kee Maw and Yellow Curry.
Not the best Thai place in town, but it definitely does the trick when I have a craving.

fantastic thai food at a reasonable price.
worth a visit!
if you like sweet tea, try the Thai ice tea.

Wow, not good at all.
I want some good Thai in the Henderson area, but I can't seem to get it!
I used to frequent Siri Thai on Windmill, and they had some great Pad Thai, but they have been closed twice by the SNHD.
So, we hit the next highest rating.
I was VERY disappointed.
I had the basil chicken, and it is nothing like the pics I see.
The chicken was diced up into little bits.
Perhaps I got some sort of lettuce wrap mix??
Regardless, it was not very tasty.
They ask you how hot you want it, and I picked a three out of four.
Sadly, it was very bland.
My wife got the Pad Thai, and it was borderline horrible.
Very, very bland.
I guess my hunt continues, as I will not be back to play ping pong.

I went here with my family from Thailand.
They loved it!
Out of all the Thai places we went to, this was their favorite.
We loved their tom yum gai the most.

Solid 3 star red curry tofu.
Not 5 star, not 4 star...but hey!
They did great with the one classic dish I ordered...

Sorry to all my Thai friends but I'm not really into Thai food because I do not like spicy foods and also foods that have too much herbs like cilantro and basil.
Whenever I go to Thai restaurant, I pretty much only order Pad See Ew with chicken.

Great food!
Decent prices.
Great lunch specials.
Good service.
My favorite there is Tom Ka Gai soup!
Soooo delicious!
And I love there basil chicken!

Very clean dining room and bathroom.
Price is affordable.
Portion served matched price.
As far a taste, the dishes had a moderate Thai taste to them.
Nothing memorable or unique or any wow factor.
I didn't like that my penang curry had more green beans than beef.

Great lunch specials, their curry dishes are consistent and best Tom Ka Gai I've had in the city.
Plus it's the closest asian food to my office..lol

Had curry noodles with chicken, as spicy as they make it.
It was pretty spicy, but I wasn't crying and sweating from my forehead like a few of the other good pad Thai places around Vegas.
Chicken and vegetables were fresh and simple.
I will have this again for sure.
Eat it with chop sticks,everything just falls off the fork.
Very nice atmosphere, very friendly, extremely attentive staff.

Really good Panang Curry.
I ordered it with tofu.
I wish there were a few more vegetables in it though.
Spring rolls were average.
Sauce was oily and not very appetizing.
I will be going back to try their other curries.

I love coming here.
My favorites are the pad thai, tom ka gai, and red curry.
The service is always fast and the staff is accommodating and personable.
If you live in the neighborhood they will deliver too!

I saw the reviews and came to this place Idk If these people ever ate good Thai food but this was the worst Thai food we ever had..the meat and veggies were stale no wonder they were so quick..

Love the pineapple fried rice and the Thai tea!
My family has been coming here for years.
The staff is always friendly and the food is always superb.
Relaxing, cozy atmosphere.

Awesome food and service.
We got the Tom Ka and Crab Ragoons.
The Tom Ka was delish and creamy.
Crab Ragoons were good but small size for the price.
The service was great, all girls that are super nice.
It is an older place but it's awesome.

Absolutely THEE BEST pad Thai in Las Vegas.
Lunch specials are great and perfect sized portions.
:-)

The best Thai lunch specials in town.
The largest selection I've seen.
My favorites: Pad See Ew Beef or Tofu, Spicy Basil Pork or Chicken, Curry Noodles, Red Curry Chicken, & most newest favorite is Spicy Noodle with Tofu!!
It's an added bonus that one of the owners, Nina, is beautiful & sweet!

Best for quick lunch.
Well established typical Thai menu.
Great service.
My favorite is panang beef is average comparing to other places I have been.

Cashew chicken is awesome among other greats at this place!!
Love it!!
Fast friendly service!

This review is being based on TWO menu item choices and my very 1st visit to this restaurant.
THIS IS THE BEST THAI FOOD I'VE EVER EATEN!!
Honestly, I was in heaven with every bite.
I was thrilled with how delicious this food was.
I ordered the Crab Fried Rice and the Spicy Noodles.
I ordered it online, without speaking to anyone, with special requests and it was ready on time and perfect to my specifications.
I will definitely be going back for another try very soon.

Sorry, had to knock this one down on my 2nd visit, which was very disappointing for me as I thought I had found the perfect place where I would become a long time customer..
It wasn't about the food.
I didn't get to taste the food on the 2nd visit.
It was about the staff.
When I arrived to pick up the food, there was a discrepancy regarding the final total since I had a coupon that I applied through the service I had ordered the food with online.
I was trying to explain to the two girls behind the counter, step by step what had happened and the entire time, they made it very obvious they did not want to hear it and tried several times to dismiss me.
It was very frustrating, trying to explain something while someone is staring at the counter with their nose wrinkled up, shaking their head back and forth while I was speaking.
I finally gave up and just left.
Now I will never go back.
I think customer service is worth more than everything else.
It's sad to me to, when businesses are willing to lose really good customers over the nonsense of a couple of dollars.
When they argue about that, it tells me a lot.
I will now take my business to a place that knows how to treat their customers and values them.

Their pad see ew is the best!
love it & their Thai tea is my favorite place to get it at .

Agree with another reviewer-best pad thai in town!
Lunch special was goid portion.
I was able to get two meals out of it (I love leftovers).
Got it with fried tofu and there was plenty of it.
Ordered spicy level 1 and it was plenty spicy!
I am usually not a wimp but have been taking it easy on my stomach lately and this maybe was a bit much.
Still awesome!
Also got Tom kha spicy 1...I frickin love tom kha.
Great version of it here.
Would love to come back but pretty far from my hood.

I came here without eating the whole day and I was not disappointed.
4.5/5 it was a little bit salty but I was satisfied.
Clean and good service... No complaints.

I love that the place looks and feels so cozy, yet feels modern because of the music playing.
Staff are warm, asking nicely if you need anything, constantly refilling drinks too.
We ordered fried spring rolls (3 pcs then cut to halves) and chicken satay for the appetizer.
The chicken satay is so juicy yet thinly cut which is beautiful!
For our entreé we ordered beef pannang which comes with plain rice, beef pad see ew and shrimp fried rice; all of these with spiciness level 2.
Food are cooked well, presented well and are in generous proportions (good for two).

First time trying Ping Pong Thai tonight for delivery.
I admit I was skeptical because of the name, but was pleasantly surprised.
I ordered Pad Kee Mow with chicken and Tom Yum Talay seafood soup - both very good.
Food was delivered in a timely manner and the delivery man was friendly.
Will definitely order from again!

Long wait.
Lousy service with really rude wait staff This place is out of control Wont return

We placed an order to go and man was it fantastic!
The restaurant itself looks nice and clean, the staff was nice to us during our short time there.
When we got home and ate our food, we were so impressed!
I ordered the Crispy Garlic Chicken and my boyfriend had the Yellow Curry Beef.
Both dishes knocked our socks off!
We are so excited to have a wonderful Thai restaurant so close to our house!

First of all I don't know if they were just really busy or what, but it took over an hour to be delivered and to a hungry swimmer who just got done with swim practice, you do not want to come home to dinner not ready.
After I finished eating everything and part of this is due to the fact that I ate so fast but also I blame the food.
My stomach hurt and my mouth felt like it had been coated with a film from the peanut sauce.
We ordered the Chicken Satay, Papaya Salad, Pad Thai, and a dish called the Swimming Rama.
The chicken satay was okay, not bad not great.
It wasn't dry but it was slightly bland.
The papaya salad was very disappointing.
First off it came with 1/4 of green cabbage taking up half the box.
I ordered papaya salad not papaya salad and green raw cabbage!
Second the salad arrived soggy.
Maybe it was because I didn't have it in the restaurant and it was delivery but it was not crunchy and fresh tasting like it should be.
Last thing about the Papaya salad and this could just be me but I personally like it when the peanuts are ground and put on top so I can mix them in and not whole and just thrown on top.
(Even in the description of the salad it say's "ground peanuts".
) Next up is the Pad Thai.
This is not even close to the "the best Pad Thai" I have ever had.
Like I had read in reviews.
Lastly the Swimming Rama, this dish is mixed steam vegetables "swimming" in peanut sauce.
I loved all the steamed vegetables.
Not a big fan of their peanut sauce and its pretty hard to mess up steamed vegetables.
Overall I think this place was good not great.
I will probably order from them again just try out different dishes.

I came here for lunch with my hubby.
Thought we give this place a try.
My hubby had the lunch special.
Salad was like four pieces of lettuce, tomato, and dressing.
The curry, I can make at home and taste better.
Seemed too watery.
I had pad Thai, had better.
Nothing special.
The service was okay.
Honestly, better Thai joints around the area.
I've been here once, won't go back again.

They have my favorite panang curry I've had thus far living in Las Vegas.
The flavors are spot on and they use really good white chicken meat.
I can tell even with the Rangoons that they make their own, unlike some places who just fry pre-made ones.
Bonus- they take online orders which come pretty quickly to the comfort of your own home.
I personally use the GrubHub App to place mine.

Not very impressed.
It was a half hour to closing time, so maybe they just slapped mine together or something, but I got these duck rolls and they were just.....kinda fatty/greasy and they had a strange smell to them.
Then I also got pad thai with salmon and the salmon was overcooked and hard....ugh no good.
The pad thai, itself, was pretty good, but not $13.95 good.
I spent $30 just on myself there and it TOTALLY wasn't worth it.
Save yo money!

3 1/2 stars.
Brought some clients in for lunch since they picked Ping Pong Thai.
This was my first visit here and we arrived before the lunch hour which was a blessing BC it gets busy after the noon hour.
Started off with a Thai Ice Tea - large and refreshing.
I went with the soft tofu Pad Se Ew and requested no broccoli.
The food arrived promptly although they included broccoli!
I blew it off and didn't make a stink about it but even my client mentioned he heard my request.
The dish was still tasty and filling so I  was content.
This is my clients go to place since it's near their office so I'll return again here and give em another try.

I have just had a great Pad Tai here!
It is a must try and the lunch special is unbeatable it comes with a salad or a soup.
I had the coconut cream soup and this was my first time trying it and I really liked it!I cant wait to have my next meal here!
Thank you Ping and Pong!

I liked the food here and is the only reason i give it 2 stars... but the service was awful!
the waitress was beyond rude and seemed like I was inconveniencing her at work.... HELLO!
it's your job!
IF i do go back I hope to get a different server...

NOT THAI DOWN  We had been patronizing Thai House for many years but our most recent visit had been most discouraging both in service and food.
Now we have a sound excuse to venture out for other Thai cuisine.
Yu-go chauffeur had two Hendertucky places in mind.
One happened to be closed on Sundays.
So it's Ping Pong Thai that gets the nod for this evening.
As always when trying out a place for the first time, our ordering is ultra conservative.
As it turns out the Pad Kee Moa pork medium spicy was exceptional while the sweet vinagerrite beef salad medium spicy with a wedge of raw cabbage was again expertly prepared.
Our starter was a small order of Tom Kai Gai which was creamy delightful and an indicator of more authenticThai cuisine to follow.
Two lovely Thai servers are very business like which might at first seem frigid to the western senses.
Ambience is unmistakenly Thai spinkled with Thai chatter amongst wait staff and kitchen.
The language is music to our ears.

Ok so I'm really not that hard to pleases.
I fallowed yelp reviews to this place.
I was feeling Thai..
Most people had a pretty positive responses to this place so I decided to give it a go... You automatically get three stars in my book if you give me what I ask for.. Then I add or deduct a star depending on if it met or was below or exceeded my expectations...
I requested no egg in my dish and she repeated it when read back..there was egg in my dish when I got it...
The service was very dismissive and unfriendly..
It either wasn't their day or this just isn't my place because the food itself wasn't terrific..infact it was sub par.
This is a disappointment to me because every one had such great things to say.
"Shrugs" oh well.....

