There's a lot to be said for the theory that gay bars are a straight girl's best friend.
You can go out, wear what you want and dance with your friends without getting perved on by leery blokes.
Brilliant.
And the gay women can tell pretty much immediately that you're straight and so don't try and chat you up either.
Either that, or none of them fancied us.
Whichever the reason, I had a really goo night when I came for a friend's birthday to CC Bloom's.
I'm not sure I'd like it so much if I were to come here on a regular basis, as I think you'd probably start to be bothered by the fact that you're in such a minority and so might feel out of place.
And let's be honest, although we girls whinge about guys pestering us in more 'straight' clubs like those on George Sreet, every now and then we all secretly love it!
But for a one-off random night out every once in a while, I'd definitely recommend this place.

All the reviews so far have been by straight girls.
So I thought I'd try to redress the balance.
I come not to praise CCs, but to right a few errors.
Stephanie said she didn't realise it was a gay bar.
Situated in the heart of Edinburgh's gay district this place doesn't look gay, it screams gay in your face til your eyes go rainbow.
Also apologies for gay couples snogging so openly inside a gay club, but you can experience much worse in CCs and I have.
This is a cheesy, trashy place, you go after having been to several other places.
It can be a bad idea at the end of the night or a good idea that is very much the beginning of the night.
There's no cover charge, the drinks prices aren't bad for a club, but don't spend too long at the bar there's no great selection and you really need to get on one of the two dance floors and start making eye contact or avoiding it.
It is it's own worst enemy as since meeting someone there last year, we've barely been back.

Now, I've never been here but a few of my boozing buddies have.
What I hear about the partying and music sounds real great.
From what I've heard I can only say round 2 out of 5.
I'd need some first hand experience for higher marks or a better review.

Went here with some friends of both sexes and danced the night away.
The staff are friendly and the place is really wild.
Drinks are cheap and everythings ship shape quite thourghly enjoyed myself

It's already public knowledge that I frequented this establishment recently, as I 'checked-in' on my mobile app as a slightly under-the-influence dare and word soon spread.
I'm just a little shame-faced as it's not my regular joint, it was an impromptu night out in which I was still wearing my day-work clothes, and ended with me dancing the macarena with one of many gins in hand...  During the day CC Blooms has chairs outside, many people enjoying drinks in the Edinburgh sun and is quite inoccuous.
Apart from the posters in the window proclaiming things such as "kinky" and with near-nude male torsos.
By night it's a gay club, complete with DJ-in-boxers dancing to Single Ladies, sparkly pink cowboy hats (which I managed to acquire) and, quite simply, awesome music.
Yes, the music here is great if you want a good cheesy dance.
I had a really awesome time dancing the night away.
The crowd are fun, there's no trouble, the drinks are cheap although the cocktails not quite of the same standard as the one's I'd been drinking earlier in the evening.
The dance floor is small, in fact the whole place is quite small.
I can't see myself making a regular habit of coming here (for some obvious and less obvious reasons).
Good tunes, drink and crowd and if you're in the area and everywhere else is closed after 1pm and you still need to get your drink and dance on, why not?
(This was entirely my groups logic on the night).
For a cheesy, fun night out it's a safe bet.
Just make sure you know the macarena!

Met a group of friends here for a few drinks.
It was a busy night with everyone seemingly having a good time.
Door staff seemed pleasant enough, if somewhat disinterested.
Service at the bar, once you could push your way past some very drunk and obnoxious lesbians, was quick but somewhat curt.
A smile wouldn't go a miss.
Drinks were reasonable with some decent offers on the go.
Sounding good so far??
A fight broke out....4 or 5 lesbians..The security staff were really quick to handle the fracas and looked to be well in control.
However, moments later we were asked to leave.
No reason given, just leave!
I asked why were we being ejected and was told to shut the f--k up and get out if I knew what was good for me.
I have never known anything like this in my life.
We were standing having drinks and chatting then were suddenly set upon by these security personnel.
Mistaken identity or what and despite our protestations, we were ejected from the venue.
Summing up, unless you want to go to a venue crammed full of Hens, that think its cool to go Gay for the night, or want to be in the company of some really chav lesbians who bump and push their way through the venue, then this is one place that needs a wide berth.
It is embarrassing to describe here as a Gay establishment.
Maybe years ago under different ownership, but not today!

While visiting from the US we stopped in for a few drinks - and were ignored.
The bar was virtually empty, maybe 8 guests but it was early.
We walked in, I said hello to the male bartender, he made complete eye contact and turned his back on us so we sat at a table.
I finally had to walk up and ask the female bartender if they had table service or if we ordered from the bar.
Not a friendly lot, really - and pretentious for no reason.
I'll gladly spend my cash elsewhere during my stay in Edinburgh and would discourage other tourists from bothering to stop in here...unless you like being ignored and treated like a bother

Went in for a pre-theatre dinner and had the haggis, which was excellent.
Staff were friendly and I'd certainly recommend CC Blooms for the food.

CC Blooms, besides its main function as a host of scene club nights, is practically next door to the Playhouse and therefore ideally situated to serve a pre-show dinner menu to musical theatre enthusiasts.
I'm aware that later in the evening it becomes an altogether different affair but since it also puts itself out there offering a pre-show dinner option we went for it.
At £8 for two courses, how could we refuse?
After I'd surprised my brother by waving a ticket to the Lion King in his face - thereby placing myself strongly in the running for the Sister Of The Year award - we decided to hop along there early and toast my award nomination with dinner.
And, friends, it grieves me to report a slight fault in the proceedings...
The seriously cheap dinner deal offered on the blackboard outside was what had tempted us in, and the carrot and coriander soup starter was, admittedly, decent enough, served in a sweet little pot with nice bread on the side.
However, it all fell apart when the mains arrived.
I had spinach and ricotta ravioli, which normally gets me very excited  - but alas, I found that it was little different from something I could have bought from Tesco and blasted to temperature in my own miniature domestic radiation chamber.
The waiter appeared little more energised by the whole process than the poor old pasta did and I can't blame him as the place was almost completely dead.
Those of you who read my reviews frequently will know to fling your hands up in dramatic sympathy when I say this: we didn't stick around for dessert.
*sigh* Yes, that Sister award might be slipping through my fingers...
I'm sure this place is mighty fine at its primary objective, but they've got a nice place and a great location and so they could be doing a lot more to make the most of opportunities earlier in the evening.
Closing irrelevant-yet-interesting fact: it's named for Bette Midler's character in Beaches, Cecilia Carol Bloom.
Did you ever know..?

