Caffe Espresso is a tiny wee hidden gem tucked away just off the Royal Mile.
Serving up some more unusual fillings and toppings for bread based snacks, this family run Italian cafe serve up some really good quality food at a fraction of the price you'd pay just around the corner.
There are a couple of seats inside, but you'll soon learn if you stop by that it's not really fit for sitting in.
It's simply too small for big hordes of people.
But don't let that deter you - if it's a sunny day I would sit outside and have a wee munch on your sandwich there instead.
It's definitely worth it - their food is fresh, zesty and full of goodness.
They also make a mean latte - cheaper than Starbucks, and more robust!
I happened to stop by on a very dreary day, and can honestly say their food and coffee brightened me up!
For next time, I'd bare in mind they had some more unusual salad offerings, featuring my favourite - anchovies!
Those little fishies don't float everyone's boat but if you haven't tried them, I would strongly recommend it.
Plus, it was nice to se a sandwich shop selling more than just a chicken melt panini.
Nom, nom.

This little cafe on Bank Street offers great food, friendly service and a pleasant atmosphere.
It's small and doesn't have much seating, but this creates a nice cosy ambiance in which you can enjoy a hot drink or a meal.
In particular, they serve a top range of sandwich fillings, not just the usual cheese, ham and salad.
There's a great selection of high quality ingredients to choose from including pickled artichokes, olives stuffed with feta cheese as well as some really nice, fresh bread.
I went for a baguette with parma ham, lettuce and sun-dried tomatoes which cost less only about £3.80 along with a can on Coke and tasted amazing.
For great quality food at reasonable prices, Caffe Espresso is the place.

I visited Caffe Espresso regularly when I was living in Edinburgh as a student.
Despite currently residing in a gastronomic Mecca, I still have regular cravings for this sandwich shop's Number 9 aka New College Special sandwich.
The next time I'm in Edinburgh I will definitely be making a stop here!
Its only diminishing feature is its lack of seating which, when the weather permits, is excusable given the option of taking your sandwich to a nearby lawn but everyone who has ever spent any time in Edinburgh will know that this is rarely an option.

What do you want from a sandwich shop?
Well, if you can start with a love of sandwiches, it's a good sign.
Caffe Espresso - Bingo.
The "Number 9" baguette has long been legendary in my workplace and so I toddled in with high expectations.
When the lady before me ordered something simple, the man behind the counter served her with cheery mock-disapproval, claiming that the order was not a sufficient challenge.
When I then asked for the legendary Number 9, he lit up.
"The Number 9?
That's my BABY!
" he declared in delight, and immediately set about compiling its various delicious ingredients for me (grilled chicken, taco sauce, cheese, rocket and jalapeños).
I don't know about you, but for me, a fellow who can talk so passionately about a sandwich is definitely the person I want making my lunch.
His infectious enthusiasm led me to explain that this was my first sampling of the legendary Number 9, and his mood elevated still further.
"It'll change you," he promised, and began explaining the spiciness options.
I pondered a moment over Entry-Level or Smokin'.
"You know what," he continued, "I'll do you a half-and-half if you like!
"  Oh, I do.
I do like.
Thank you.
I had a moment at this point to glance around the weeny shop - about the size of my bedroom, the walls covered in boards reciting the most mouthwatering sandwich combinations imaginable and some pretty spectacular-sounding smoothies.
It's homely, colourful and cheerful, with even a tiny bit of space to sit and eat if you can't bear to take your sandwich away from its birthplace.
For less than £5, I was - as promised - lifted to a higher plane of sandwichness.
Another previously Un-Number-Nined colleague, beholding my delight as I returned to my desk consuming the legend, ran straight out to get one for herself and found herself equally transported.
I don't think I've ever been so overwhelmed with joy by a mere baguette; while the enthusiastic service and jolly establishment go a long way toward this score, the proof of the sandwich shop is in the sandwich.
The baguette: warm, crusty and soft.
The filling: rich and perfectly balanced.
Don't expect to eat it elegantly, though; there's a lot stuffed into that baguette and it tends to behave with the same wild exuberance as its creator.
I can't wait to try the rest of the options on offer, and some of those amazing-sounding smoothies.
Until then... this has been a YUMinator review, starring Sarnie Schwarzenegger.
And believe me, Caffe Espresso: I'LL BE BACK.

