Had a friend recommend this restaurant when she found out I'd been eating vegetarian lately.
Am I ever glad she did!
The food was cheap, absolutely delicious and completely veggie.
It's a cafeteria-style serving situation, and there were lots of seats, mostly full.
The spanakopita was great, the cannelloni was also very good and they have ginger beer.
The second night I went in, there was a live band playing enjoyable music at a good volume.
I really can't recommend this place highly enough!

Susie's is vegetarian comfort food at it's finest.
Generous portions and a laid back, funky environment.
I felt right at home here.
The veggie burrito was outstanding and the staff was super friendly.
Convenient location close to the University and many Fringe Festival Venues.
A great place to relax and refuel or just hang out.

delicious and such a find while my time in edinburgh.
it was exactly the right distance from the university for the moments when i had serious food craves.
this place gradually became a home.
the food is affordable (expect to spend 4-6#), come in large portions, and there is an array of veggie/vegan-minded fare for every heart's desire.
expect soups, salad options, stews, and stir-fries all cooked with integrity and charm.
the climate is down-to-earth and relaxed, with a lot of wooden furniture and art only appropriate for all that good food you are having.
for those who like to drink, you can byob.
a solid 4-4.5 stars.

I never thought I'd award a vegetarian place 5 stars, but Susie's really is amazing.
I go there whenever I can't be bothered to cook my own lunch but still want to eat healthily, and I've never been disappointed here.
I usually go for the medium salad plate, where you get to choose 3 from any of the 6 yummy salads on offer, for £5.
They also offer a 2-salad option for £4 or a 4-salad option for £6 if you're really hungry, but with the medium I always find myself leaving with a nively full feeling, whilst at the same time feeling very smug for eating such healthy food.
The salads on offer are always different every time you go, but last time I had chopped beef tomatoes with fresh basil and black olives, a green leafy salad with avocado and sliced peppers, and an aubergine cous cous salad.
It all tasted really fresh and had loads of flavour.
I had a nosey at the hot food menu on my way out.
You get the impression from looking at what's on offer, as well as the quality of the service, that these people genuinely have a passion for food and genuinely love what they do.
It really shows in every aspect of Susie's, and I can't recommend it highly enough.

