Took the family to the recent opening of this local Logan's Roadhouse to check it out and maybe find a new local 'gem'.
Initial impressions were that Logan's is an imitation of one of my favorite family steakhouses, Texas Roadhouse.
We go there every chance we can and have never been disappointed in the quality of food or service.
Anyway back to Logan's, atmosphere was 'okay' (again a wannabe Texas Roadhouse but not quite right), service was fine, but once the food came, that 'sealed the deal' - very disappointing.
Not that it was bad or anything, but the quality of the steaks just wasn't anywhere close to what you get at Texas Roadhouse, and when the prices are about the same, well, there's just no sense wasting time or money here.
You might think I'm being rough but when all 3 of my kids (ages 7-11) say that they like Texas better, that's gotta say something (they usually never say anything bad - they usually just eat whats in front of them!
) So by now you can obviously guess that I don't recommend Logan's.
I really only have one more thing to add.... .....Don't mess with Texas.....

Best deal in Gilbert.
They have a deal on the weekdays where you can get 2 full meals for $13.99.
You have a choice of many entrees and side.
Its not Outback but its still really good.
The rolls are awesome.
The service is good.
Free peanuts.
Ever since this has been open I havent been back to Texas Roadhouse.
Logans is half the price and almost as good.
If you are looking for a good dinner for a great deal, check out logans.

Logan's is OK in my book.
Everything is just so-so but it's cheap!
My sister wanted to go to dinner last night and suggested Logan's because on Tuesdays they have a 2 meal special for about $14.
and I think kids meals are cheap on Tuesday as well.
The food was decent, nothing really amazing, just regular but enjoyable.
The service is great, they are all really awesome.

I ate at Logan's for the first time last night and just wanted to say it is affordable, delicious and it just became one of my favorite places to eat.
It is very similar to Texas Roadhouse which is great because I love that place as well.
The only thing I dislike at both restaurants is the noise level...I suppose because they are called a road house they assume we all want to hear shrill screaming for every guest who has a birthday...unfortunately for those of us not having a birthday it is just obnoxious and annoying... (Someone I know told me they wouldn't be back because of the yelling).
I guess I won't complain though because at least they don't play loud obnoxious music (like Applebees sometimes does)...where you have to yell at your dinner mate to have a conversation.
The food, prices and service are good enough I will just plug my ears when the screaming starts...

Good food decent service but not amazing like Texas roadhouse.
The ribs are probably the best thing I have ever had here and they do give you amazing rolls before the meal.
I would recommend giving this place a try.

This time around had the meatloaf and it was much better then anything I have ever had here.
The mushrooms and grilled onions were the icing on the cake - oh and I LOVE their rolls they give you before the meal!
Much better experience this time around!

The best part about Logan's is the rolls - and I don't mind that you do not need to add butter because it is already dripping with butter.
YUM!
I can taste a hint of beer in the roll as well...or it could just be yeast..or wishful thinking.
I am trying to be healthier, so I went with the salad and water.
The anything-and-everything salad does have some good items included - craisins, pecans, egg, grilled chicken and a good balsamic vinaigrette dressing...but still it was a salad.
Maybe I should have ordered the grilled streak salad...but the peanuts are a free appetizer and you can throw them on the floor.
What fun!
The sweet tea is outstanding and reminds me of my days in Atlanta.
Another review commented about the similarity between Logan's and Texas Roadhouse.
They are very similar, but I wouldn't say Logan's is a knock off.
Plus Logan's was started in 1991 to Texas Roadhouse's 1993, so perhaps they are the ones being imitated?
Come in for a sweet tea, free peanuts and the excellent rolls.
The rest is about your average steakhouse.
Two salads, one tea and a water - $22.

I view Logan's as the Red Lobster of steak.
If I'm on a budget, and just want meat without firing up the grill or am stuck for a bit in a shopping center, , I just have to keep my expectations in line .
And for a lunch?
it's not bad, 2 meals foe $14?
Hey, thats close enough to fast food to be worth it.
Salads aren't bad (Miss The Kegs Blue Cheese/ Caesar  though!
I remember liking Ruby Tuesdays wings  years ago, next time I'm stuck at Tire Discounters...
I might try  that instead.
Just remember where your going... and the low prices... and free peanuts, I find that with realistic expectations, this place delivers.
Still Logans is fun for kids, and for some of us, thats the trump card!

Came here for the first time Saturday night because our friends got a Buy1 Get 1 coupon in the mail, so we figured, why the heck not.
It was super crowded - i guess because this coupon was only valid Saturday night, so apparently more than just my friends thought to take advantage of the deal.
Took us about 45 minutes for our name to be called.
The place was very casual - peanut shells all over the floor.
Definitely not your first date type of place, ha.
Even with the crowds, it took a rather long time for the server to even come acknowledge us, which bugged me from the get-go because I was extremely thirsty.
After that, it was all smooth sailing.
Appetizers - fried onions - were good but super hot.
I had the Teriyaki steak w/ mashed potatoes and caesar salad.
Husband had the prime rib w/ the loaded baked potato.
Both our meals were delicious.
When we got our checks, the waitress actually slipped us a Buy 1 Get 1 coupon as well, which I was really impressed with because normally servers hate coupons because most people forget to tip on what the original amount was.
So the fact that she voluntarily gave us that coupon made me forget about the wait in the beginning, and we ended up leaving her a nice tip.
All in all, good...but don't see us going out of our way to go back there.

Look fo coupons!
Great bread.
Good food.

Since I just did my not so great review of Texass Roadhouse and mentioned Logan's a lot, I felt it only fitting to do a review on Logans.
First things first, I love that Logan's has a health nuts menu that tells you lighter items to order.
This is great for the unlikely instances that I am trying to eat healthy.
So when you go to Logan's, they give you a basket of rolls with regular butter.
Call me crazy but these are way better than Texas's and I personally like regular butter over cinnamon butter.
I have never had anything bad at Logan's as far as entrées.
The porkies are one of my favorites.
They are little pulled pork sliders served on their delicious rolls.
When its on the rolls, how can you go wrong?!?
The pork is always very tender and flavorful and I love the slaw that they put on top.
If you are more into regular sliders, their roadies are good but the meat has been a bit overcooked a few times when Ive had them.
You will never have that issue though with the porkies.
Their dressings on their salads don't taste bottled and the salads are a good abundance of lettuce, vegis, and egg, cheese, bacon.
For entrées, their southwest BBQ chicken is good but my personal favorite here is actually the Santa Fe Tilapia.
When I have had this, the fish was cooked perfectly and the chipotle sauce mixed with the corn relish was phenominal.
You wont find entrées like this at Texas.
That is why I love Logans, they have simple items but also kick it up a notch which is something that Texass does not do.
I have had many of their sides and all have been good: Loaded sweet potato, sweet potato fries (Yes!
), rockin onion petals, coleslaw, and mac and cheese (Score!
creamy and satisfying).
See what I mean about adding a little shizzzzam to their menu, you wont find sides like this at Texass Roadhouse.
Each time I have come here, have gotten right in or hardly had to wait at all.
The service is always good.
Oh and make sure before you leave to ask for a few rolls in to go.
I asked for some for my husband and was shocked when they gave me a huge box full of rolls with butter.
it was great.
Logans, you are the best roadhouse!

Discovered that their Caesar salad is pretty dang good and the Logans Tea's are a great value for if you wanna get knocked on your ass.
Made with Everclear and several other liquors, I was told that they can only serve you two before you are cut off.
I had the blue one and it was really good although i did order it sans the Everclear.

Very pleased with food & service.
Were able to share meals, with more than enough food

Outback and black angus are better but ligand that is own by olive garden is cheaper.

Great food, fun atmosphere, good family fun.
I love their health nut menu, great things to choose from and very good calorie wise.
The food tasted great, the peanuts were great and a huge hit with my little nieces and nephew....kept them entertained!
Wonderful place, definitely visit again!

Nice place.
Good service.
They let you throw peanut shells on floor.
Good food.
Nothing crazy great, but OK.

Food is good & the service is hit & miss.
The fresh rolls are the best & the prices are decent.

I've been to this location quite a few times.
When I am in the mood, I love their food.
I recommend the roadies.
They are sliders served on the rolls they serve at the beginning of the meal.
Yummmmm.
Last time I was there, we also ordered the appetizer combo.
That was fabulous as well.
The service isn't memorable, never great but never bad either.
The keep your drinks full and bring your food quickly but nothing exceptional.
So far I have received decent service and delicious food.
If you'd in the mood for roadhouse type food, make a stop here!

The place was too busy, the service was mediocre, as well as the food, this time.
I'd try the location at Dobson Riverview.

We go here all the time.
Excellent yeast rolls, their shrimp skewers are very yummy and amazingly they are usually cooked perfectly - not overdone.
Steaks are usually cooked well too.
Sometimes service is lacking even when they are not busy, but it is still good food.

Here's the bad news: Maybe it's just me, but I don't like walking across peanut shells to get to my table.
I guess some people think it's fun to throw shells on the floor.
The environment is otherwise just fine and the menu has plenty to offer.
My husband got a burger and I got the grilled meatloaf with a salad and mac n' cheese as a side.
The hamburger tasted of bread filler and the meatloaf was like someone had spilled a bottle of onion powder into the mix.
OH - I almost forgot.
The water is undrinkable and tastes terrible.
The server said they get a lot of comments on that and that they filter it but I wondered with what.
They gave me a soft drink instead, but even that had the unfiltered water mixed in with it.
Here's the good news: they serve excellent warm rolls while you're waiting for your food.
I could have eaten just these.
They have plenty of beer for people who like that, and since the water is awful, bottled beer might be a good bet.

Awful, just awful!
All the food was bland and tasteless.
The steaks were dry and mealy, the waitress constantly kept saying, "i don't know" to everything we asked and she would only tell us the larger sized beers because she kept trying to up sell.
Also they were out of medium rare prime rib, the mushrooms obviously came from a can, the potatoes were also dry and bland, and the au jus was some weird thick dark sauce.
Don't go here, just go to Outback, its slightly cheaper and MUCH better quality.

my husband and i have gone here several times and either the steaks are not cooked right or service is horrible.
last time we went we were about 15th on the waiting list with 4 tables available in the bar.
I asked if they are going to seat those tables and were told no one wanted the bar, i told they we would take one there, I was told we had to wait until our name was called because we had to wait our turn even though no one wanted them.
After 1/2 hr.
we left and went to famous daves thank goodness they really like their customers.
I wrote the corp. office only to be lied to.
I was called by a manager in tenn. and told that doug the district manager would call me in which he never did and that was a month ago.
I was also told they were sending us out a gift card in hopes we would return hahaha nope.. why would anyone give logans roadhouse a dime when even the corp office could care less about their customers.. pls go somewhere else.
daves, charlestons, texas roadhouse, waldos in mesa... Pls to not give logans a dime...
Since i have written this Doug the district manager called and said he is going to make good and this is not how Logans is to run their stores.. so time will tell

Food was okay, nothing too special.
Service was awful.
Drink refills were non existent, finally hot refil after the meal was completed.
Asked for roll refil which never came.
Never received at condiments that were requested (one person had a burger and wanted mustard).
Staff all was not overly friendly to the point the impression is nobody wanted to be there.
Waitress nor the manager ever came by to ask how everything was.
Would not recommend this location

I have been here on several occasions now.
I always end up ordering steak and always end up regretting it.
Rib Eye was very thin cut.
Over cooked.
And just not a good piece of meat.
I also had side of Mac & Cheese.
I sent it back.
I was not any better than Kraft.
Dinner salad small.
The waitress was attentive and at least managed to keep the drinks full.
I think this is a good place for a happy hour, beer and appetizer.
But I won't be going back for dinner again.
Especially steak!

Been to this place exactly once and that's probably enough for me.
Nice place, good staff, mediocre Chilis/Applebee's like food.
Had shrimp, chicken, and some sides.
The rolls and apples were pretty great, but everything else was brined to death and tasted like a frozen TV dinner.

My Sister-In-Law and I have lunch here frequently and always order the Anything and Everything salad.
Delicious mix of greens,hard-boiled egg, dried cranberries, candied walnuts for some extra crunch, topped off with moist grilled chicken and balsamic vinagrette.
Very good and satisfying.
Delicious homemade rolls with honey butter accompany every meal and the servers are always friendly and attentive.
I am sure we will continue to come here for our lunchtime tradition.

It is what it is with this place.
Its not Mastros but its priced were it needs to be for what it is.
Burgers are good, steaks are decent and staff is friendly.
Been here alot.
Its always the same.
Big problem  is the low quality margarine with the rolls.
Disgusting.
They would get 5 stars if it wasn't for that.

This location has terrible service and questionable food.
My wife and I prefer the North Mesa location instead.
We have never been disappointed there.

This was my first time at a Logan's steakhouse..it was awesome!
Food came out hot and cooked to perfection..our server Casey was amazing, never ran low on beverages or bread and our food was timed perfectly..me and my boyfriend will be back and will ask to see if Casey is available.

I stopped here for lunch today with my sister and had a decent experience.
This wasn't our first choice because Outback and Carraba's were not yet open and this was the next closest option and we were hungry.
We were seated right away and our server came right over.
Our drink orders were taken and came out very quickly along with rolls and butter.
I ordered a southwest style chicken salad (I can't remember the exact name on the menu) but it had blackened chicken, tortilla strips, black beans and corn and I ordered ranch on the side.
I was very tasty and the chicken was seasoned well and tasted great.
Our waiter was very attentive and gave great service.
My sister had the soup of the day which was the baked potato soup and said it was great.
I would give this place another try for dinner.
A steak or burger could be a much different experience than a salad so I may have more to report on a different occasion.
Overall good first impression.

went here on the Friday right before mothers day for dinner for a early mothers day and a late bday dinner for my 5 year old.
got seat fairly fast, got our drink order, then sat and waited for what seemed like forever and a day for her to come back and get our order.
got the loaded potato's for an appetizer, which were a lil over cooked and rubbery.
so after we got our order taken we then asked her if we could get the rolls, that seemed like every other table had, she seemed annoyed we even asked and she said well i guess and walked off.
its like damn don't like your job then go find something else, because like i said it wasn't that busy.
over all save your money and go to Texas roadhouse because this place was crappy.
the food was so so.

Good service, very mediocre steak, sides and dessert.

Place is so so my first trip to one at another location was really good and then we came to this one.
I really don't care for the rolls and plain butter but they are edible I am just spoiled from another steak house.
It had good service but I always go when its usually later and not as busy.
Ppl need to never complain about mac and cheese just go home and make it it's simple and a crap food in general.
OK...

I like this place for a simple dinner.
Good prices on steak, salads, etc.
Please be warned that the "onion petals" are NOT the same as the blooming onion at Outback like your server will tell you.
That being said service is OK (kind of slow at times, and not too personable).
And you can't beat $2.99 beers and 2/$14 meals!
Love their rolls and peanuts!

I really do like this place.
I always find the service to be very good to excellent and I think it provides a good value for the money.
We typically go once a month and I have never left unhappy.
Generally I get the prime rib or a rib eye.
Once or twice the prime rib was a little fatty, but other than that it has always been really good.

You know, I really love the food here, but had the worst service ever tonight.
I don't know if it was based on age, being a young adult, or out of pure laziness on the server'a behalf, but she never asked how our food was or if we wanted more bread.
The only time she came over is when we had to call her over and then when she came over and said "do you want me to split the check?
" And then put it on the table, without asking if we even wanted dessert.
I mean, being the unruly teenagers we obviously are, we don't have money to spend on dessert.
I was honestly just appalled at the lack of service.

We had the worst experience here last night.
We have had such bad service here that it has been almost a year since our last meal at Logans.
I asked my fiance 'are you sure we are not going to have any issues?
Outback is next door..' Then, omg!
First, the waitress dropped and broke plates that hit our legs.
Then my fiance asked if there wasprime rib.
The waitress assured us there was.
It was only 7pm.
He ordered the prime rib.
About 7 minutes later, the manager came back and told us there was none and recommended the rib eye.
When the steaks came to the table, the manager insisted we cut them to make sure they were right.
I complied.
My fiance did not.
It was so bizarre.
Nothing was comped.
There was no discount at all considering they ruined our meal.
For 60, we could have gone anywhere and had a decent experience.
I have drawn the conclusion that this place will NEVER improve!
Avoid!

I  was in town visiting my brother and sister in law and we went here the day after Christmas.
Nothing here saying give us another chance.
Unlike some of the other reviews our server was the bright spot.
Not spectacular but friendly, efficient and professional.
My brother ordered the grilled meatloaf and was later informed that they were out....the first time ever.
Yeah right.
We both had ribs which were fall off the bone done but maybe a little over done since they were pretty dry.
My sister in law had the rib eye and lobster.
She said the lobster which was pretty small was good but she almost sent the steak back because of saltiness and sinew.
The overall feel of this location was a little too cookie cutter design with no real ambiance which is what you get at McDonalds.
A craft beer or two on tap would have been nice.
Budweiser and Coors are fine for the Do-Drop-Inn but with dinner something a little upscale would be expected.
If I'm sitting down for a nice dinner I would like the restaurant to have a little character.
Speaking of sitting down for dinner Bro and I are both tall and the booths do not scream out roomy.
Others have compared this to Texas Road House, Logans may strive for that but they fall short.
In summery our visit to Logans Roadhouse wasn't unlike that first date where it wasn't bad but nothing seems to really click and the kiss on the doorstep faded from memory pretty quickly.

Has no military discount.
I tried to call in to make a reservation but the gentleman on the phone wasn't very polite, so I'm assuming their customer service isn't up to standards.

We are visiting from California and were looking for a nice place to eat my nephew suggested Logan's wow what a great choice beginning with the server Russell he was great got the order right our drinks were always full the food was awesome  the steaks were cooked to perfection the salads were great and my bacon cheeseburger was the bomb we will definitely be back to Logan's

Take into consideration we visited on a Sunday afternoon, but the atmosphere was flat.
Music is ok - every once in a while a good country song would come on but it was hit & miss.
Wait staff is also hit & miss - some nice but ours wasn't very proactive in getting waters etc.
Drinks are pretty good.
Food selection wasn't as good as other places, but it had good flavor - each of us had sirloin steak.
If anything is a plus, it wasn't busy at all so we were served quickly.
I don't like to use reviews to compare to other restaurants but can't help & compare to TX Roadhouse because they are so close in style and food, but I'd have to say TR edges this one by a slight margin because their staff is more engaged and atmosphere is fun.

I have eating at different Logans and I have had about average experiences.
The food was ok.
It could use a little more seasoning.
The service was above average.
The staff is very friendly.
The good thing is that you can be snacking on the free peanuts while you wait, so even if it takes a little longer, you will not be starving.

Logan's isn't the best steak in town by any means... but it's a great place for the money.
My family and I o there at least twice a month because they have such great deals on Tuesday nights.
They have a great deal for two people for about 15 bucks that you just can't beat!
Their warm rolls are about the best I've ever had.
Great atmosphere and friendly service.
I consider this place a real bargain for family dining.
There is always an odd smell around this location though... not sure what causes it.
But I guess they can't control the parking lot.

My family went on Sunday afternoon for Mother's Day.
This has been my second visit to this location.
The first time was a good experience.
Yesterday, not so much.
The service was slow.
The steaks were tough.
One member in my party ordered a salad and it didn't come until about ten minutes after the other orders.
Guess I will be fair and try a third time for a tie breaker as I know there is always the possibility of an off day.
I was not impressed with this visit.

Great steak, great prices and great service!
What else do you need on a Friday Night!
I had a beer and a steak it was cooked to perfection and the beer wasn't bad either.

My husband and I went in to Logan's Roadhouse a few weeks ago (I'm just now getting around to writing this review).
We went in for happy hour and sat at the bar.
The bartender was wonderful.
We both ordered Miller Lite and we sat and watched the bartender pour out pitcher after pitcher of foam.
When I asked her about it she said that they have had a maintenance man in to service this issue but that the service man told the manager that it was because the bartenders are using cold glasses.
This is laughable!
We were told that the only 2 taps that this happens to is the Miller Lite and the Samuel Adams.
She poured out 5 full pitchers before being able to serve 1 beer in a warm mug.
When I tasted it, it was so flat.
It wasn't bubbling at all.
I could not even drink it.
I switched to Coors Light and it tasted fine.
It was even served in a frosted mug.
The bartender called the manager over (his name is Grady) - and told him that the Miller Lite is still very foamy.
He reprimanded her, saying that she must have used a frosted mug.
She told him that she didn't and he didn't believe her.
Seriously?
What kind of manager is this?
He is losing money for Logan's by instructing his bartenders to pour out at least 5 full pitchers of foam and then serve flat beer.
As impressed as I was with the sweet bartender (it's not her fault) - I am soooo unimpressed with the Manager, Grady, and the way he doesn't try to solve an issue - he just blames.
I won't be going back!

