If you want to feel like you're staying in an office park, even though it's only blocks from the castle...then this is your place.
The outside and rooms are lackluster (you might even pass by it without noticing, and your room is a basic, rectangular room) but the second floor bar and lounge is pretty classy.

A victim of its own coolness.
We travel A LOT and here are some things we couldn't figure out how to do in our room:  Turn up the heat (it's motion sensor and it didn't sense us for awhile), turn off the lights, drain the bath.
Also, they could really use an additional door in the bathroom by the toilet.
Having said all that, this is actually a beautiful hotel, in a perfect location with a super nice, helpful staff.
Great bed too.

Seriously swank, seriously posh and seriously amazing.
After coming off of 18 hours of air travel and a stressful car ride (this is the land of left-hand side driving, crazy things called round-abouts, and where street signs are on buildings not on separate posts), its was treat to arrive at such a nice hotel.
My car door was opened and I was greeted with a smile by a pleasant and friendly doorman.
That sort of set the tone for the rest of my stay here.
Though the hotel was undergoing renovations, there wasn't really any time where I felt inconvenienced.
Maybe because I was out sight-seeing during the days, and so dead tired that even if there was construction happening at night, I wouldn't have noticed because I was so dead tired from the day's activities.
My room was stylin'.
My favorite part would have to be the bathroom.
Sleek design, very modern.
The coolest features was that you could change the color of the lighting.
So if you needed to chill, you could choose a blue or green, but if you wanted to rev your appetite up before dinner, you could change it to red or orange.
The hotel was across the street from a domed opera house and within walking distance to the hub of the downtown area.
I definitely plan to visit Scotland again.
When I do.
I know my trip will include lodgings at this establishment.
Hands down my favorite hotel in the UK.

Quite disappointing.
The hotel is undergoing a major refurbishment and in all honestly should have closed its doors during the construction.
There is no lobby, instead it is just a trailer (yes a trailer albeit with nice carpets).
To access your room you have to navigate a labyrinth of hallways and multiple lifts (3 separate lifts!).
After an long day at the festivals I was annoyed to have to walk another 10-15 minutes in the hotel to get to my room.
Yes, the rooms are very plush and well furnished and the beds are comfy, however, there were quite a few things that went awry that really are not acceptable for a place that charges over 350 pounds/night for a standard room.
For instance the phone in the room was busted, the sink facet was blocked, the maids would jam up the music when they clean adjacent rooms (annoying on a early Sunday morning).
Even operating the lights requires a masters degree (I could make the bathroom appear blue or purple but couldn't get them to stay on).
All in, really poor showing by a starwood property.
Perhaps this will change when the construction ends, but for now avoid.

one of our favorite hotels in the whole entire world.
great location, especially if you're there for the fringe festival, and room size and furnishings were closer to a westin standard.
as usual of all starwood hotels, the beds were heavenly.
the hotel designer must've had fun with the bathrooms, which are set off with smoked glass...bath tub, separate shower, mood lighting (purple, red, green, plain).
i won't tell you which color we chose.
the bar has a variety of scotch which was fun to sit ourselves down for a tasting after a long sightseeing day.
we ate at the bar a couple times and the food was really good - we missed american classics like a solid club sandwich and caesar salad.
we went last spring and the hotel is still on our mind.
i think they just went through some major remodeling so can't wait to see how it looks this summer when we return.

Really an awesome hotel with helpful staff, nice room, and convenience to city center.
I really like the modern interiors of the renovated rooms.
My room is probably less than 400 sq feet but with the smart look and wall-to-wall mirrors, it has a contemporary feel that is both chic and comfortable.
A special note is the infinity pool on sixth floor.
It has wide lanes, chic design, good hours.
It's housed within glass walls so you do have an open, relaxing, non-clustered feel.
It's an awesome design as I think it's one of the more comfortable pool i had been in.
There is also a cleopatra bath pool (sort of like a scented jacuzzi), which is a plus.
The One-Square restaurant is right on the second floor.
It's chic but not-unexpectedly over-pricey given the status of the hotel.
I did not want to shell my money here as there are many more excellent options nearby.
You are close to the city's best restaurants 3-4 blocks from your stay so why eat here?
I would recommend the Wedgewood, Wildfire, Oloroso, Amber... etc (see my other reviews).
Down-side: The view from my room overlooks the roof and reconstructed building (not very appealing if you like to stay a lot).
; the front of the hotel is hidden too and hard to find.
The cable TV channels are medieval.
You get such basic cable TV that it makes you wonder if you are back in 1990s (hope you laugh at this joke...no seriously).
No HBO or good movie station.
Seriously??
On the other hand, if you like to rent movie or porn there is good selection...for several pounds.
All-in-all, this is a chic, convenient, upscale hotel right in the heart of old town.
I would recommend checking this out if you are willing to shell out some money for a top-rated hotel.

I love the Sheraton!
Thanks to my Mum me and my family had to celebrate in style after placing a order on the "dress of my dreams" at Kavelle Bridal.
We were in the Bar and had some drinks, Cocktails along with food from the Grazing Menu.
Food is very nice, Haggis Truffles and the burger tasting platter.
Had a lovely evening!
Feel like going back tonight.
Recommended to all x

Definitely one of my favourite hotels to have ever stayed in!
The Sheraton hotel on Festival Square is an absolute haven, and I've stayed in here on a few romantic weekends with Colin.
I've never been treated better in a hotel; the staff are absolutely excellent, from the receptionist to room service.
You're even welcomed to the hotel by a doorman who opens your car/taxi door to take your bags out for you!
Heaven!
The rooms in here are fantastic, with a huge (and ridiculously comfy) double bed in the middle of a beautifully decorated room.
There's a huge TV, a small table with a chair for reading or having lunch, an incredible amount of storage and, if you pay a little extra, a spectacular view of the castle.
The bathroom is huge, with beautiful colour changing lights that you can control.
There's 24 hour room service that are eager to please in any way possible, and I just cannot fault this place.
I've never actually taken advantage of the spa facilities in the hotel but I'm definitely going to be making a point of doing so during my next visit!

One star for grandness, one star for location and one star for Xmas dinners.
Oh and an extra star for just being awesome!
This is one of my favourite building as far a purpose built hotels go.
It fits perfect on the festival square.
I have had several company dinners and conferences here.
The place is just as grand on the inside and it looks outside - though the furniture in the conference reception and bar and the decoration seem a little dated.
It looks like an Old Bhoy smoking and whisky room.
Not my favourite surrounding for a relaxing time, but it depend who's boat it floats.
The staff and service is impeccable and every need is attended to.
The food served when I had dinners where obviously mass numbers produce but still very tasty.
They do buffets also and that has proven a big hit with the Xmas party goers.
I am still to visit the One Spa on the roof, but from what I have seen it is quite the place.

What a beautiful hotel - you can tell that it is either new or recently updated.
Regardless, we really enjoyed our stay here.
My initial thought was that they are a tad misleading - they advertise that you can see the Edinburgh Castle from some of the rooms, and unless one can see through buildings, I think this is highly unlikely that anyone staying here is enjoying a castle view!
Other than that, the hotel is in a great location and in walking to distance to many many sights!
The bathroom was interesting, but didn't allow for much privacy.
There is a separate bath and shower, so you can enjoy a bubble bath while someone else takes a shower!
The lighting in the room was confusing - there were different "scenes" and there were times when we wished it was a little more simple (like, "on" and "off," please).
The bed was comfortable and linens very clean / spotless.
Only complaint would be that it costs an additional £10 per diem for WiFi access and an additional £24 for additional TV channels.
Rip off.

I have been here a number of times with work for meetings, events and the like but also managed to have a stay recently too!
Yay for work!
The hotel is lovely and very modern with cool chairs and elegant decor through out.
The staff are incredibly professional and really friendly too.
Even when you go back to the cloakroom ten times for things you have forgotten!
We stayed for one night here and were given and upgrade to a beautiful room with a view of Edinburgh Castle.
It was sheer luxury with a huge bed and comfortable pillows.
The room had an en suite bath and shower and dressing gowns and slippers were provided.
Everything was spotlessly clean and all toiletries were provided.
The room had a large TV, hair dryer, tea and coffee and everything you would expect from a hotel of this class.
The room rate included the use of the swimming pool and all spa facilities were extra.
The pool was large and warm with great changing rooms - but you can go there from your room in your dressing gown.
Breakfast was amazing.
Lots of choice and very well cooked despite it being a buffet, the eggs were still good.
There was plenty of choice and a lovely restaurant overlooking Festival Square seems a good choice for sampling a cocktail from the menu next time I am passing.

Picture it, a stylish modern luxury hotel has setting within the new town area of the city.
Stands a few stories high, is brown brick coloured and occupies one side of Festival Square, but will have everything you need within or nearby.
Recently refitted with alternate layout, so if the last time you visited the city a year or so then it's a whole lot different!
There is no piano bar, no long corridor to walk to reach the main bar; everything is mostly around the entrance, mostly.
At the back where the piano bar was is for functions and strictly a guests only area.
The bar to the right of entrance (left is restaurant) is where I decided to have a quick bite and non-alcohol drink before work.
Usually when friends go on vacation, every summer if I stay/work in Edina make the effort to find another fresh establishment when listening to or reading about their holiday stories; it almost makes up for the stay-cation!
The Sheraton bar however hits all the right buttons, from easy listening music, to the low lighting, soft natural finishes to furnishing; high backed green seats, upturned goldfish bowls on ceiling as lighting feature.
Excellent service, but yes there is a but!
The attention to detail in food presentation for me is lower than 5 stars.
After discovered something unsavoury lurking at the bottom of the metal canister the fries were contained in.
Please Sheraton if you feel the need to include things alternate to food then please alert customers before-hand, and simply give things a clean/check over before serving food in them!
On alerting staff to the extra article contained, the response was to apologise, throw the article to the floor and carry on as usual.
Yes I did mostly enjoy my experience and I will be keeping an eye out for winged creatures next visit so I can utter the words "waiter, there's a..."

Nearing the end of my 7 day stay at this hotel and I have nothing but praises for this establishment.
I am here on business and have been working some very odd hours.
Each morning when I go down for my cab, I see the same friendly staff.
Every time I enter through the main lobby, I am greeted by a friendly face and it was only the evening I came home at 2am that I did not see anyone.
This night I ordered room service and wow was I surprised.
The food was very good and just right after a hard day of wrenching.
The breakfast on the club level is delicious and I honestly think I've eaten smoked salmon every morning.
This isn't due to a lack of variety, but rather because it is not common back home and is so fresh.
The room is quite nice with very modern amenities and architecture.
I love the hidden lighting and full size bath.
The bed is super comfortable and I've used it quite well over the past few days.
I know where I'll be staying next time...

The Sheraton Grand Hotel & Spa has very modern decor and is centrally located.
We had a club level room that was castle facing and were quite pleased with the room.
This is probably one of the nicer Sheraton's that we have stayed at in terms of luxury and style.
The gym is a members gym + hotel gym and as a result it was quite spacious!
It is equipped an ample amount of new machines and has separate areas for mat work, weights, and cardio.
Although we did not try the spa, it looked amazing!

The hotel is modern and clean.
The staff are lovely and helpful.
Location central  Room is fantastic and view of castle spectacular.
Can't say enough about hotel and staff.
Highly recommend

