I wasn't 100% convinced upon my first visit to Deli Fresco.
Despite enjoying my lunch there, the constant dulcit tones of Frank Sinatra blaring away in the background grated a bit.
I'm as partial to a bit of Ol' Blue Eyes as the next man, but not quite at that ear-crushing volume.
With the volume thankfully turned down, yesterday's visit was exceptionally enjoyable.
The food is the usual baguettes, paninis, soups and salads, but is all very well done, very well priced, and even dished up on a nice shiny plate.
Unlike many lunch stops, it's a comfortable and quiet enough place to sit in as well.
If you find yourself round about this area and the hunger pangs start, I'd recommend it with full vigour.

Deli Fresco is in a great location for satisfying your hunger pangs after a harrowing trek up Leith Walk.
I came here earlier this year after a long day at the shops it was a tasty and value-for-money meal.
Inside it feels fresh and clean with both indoor and outdoor seating.
The service is welcoming, friendly and seems to take your order and make the food much faster than anywhere else.
In the front counter they have an impressive selection of cakes and muffins which all seem pretty reasonably priced.
They also serve paninis, sandwiches, baguettes and toasties, most of which costing no more than £3.
I had a meatball with cheese panini which tasted amazing, took virtually no time to prepare and cost only about £3.50 with a can of coke as well.
I would definitely go to Deli Fresco again as I couldn't fault its service or its range and quality of food.

This fantastic cafe/deli just off Prince's Street has been open for over three years, and their menu is just mmmm...
I went in with a friend, and had the most fascinating conversation with the owner about countries of origin and the Uppsala film festival in Sweden!
But now to the serious stuff, the foodddd.
They've got a large range of meat and vegetarian dishes, and the usual list of panini's with quite unusual ingredients!
For example, the smoked turkey tomato cranberry was a bit of a novelty for me, but was quite delicious!
They're quite affordable, and claim to use ZERO articial ingredients, so they win the health vote as well.

Good place to get a quick lunch in town.
Good range of paninis and toasted stuff.
All very reasonably priced for the centre of town too: a panini and slice of cake was only a fiver (I had something with honey and walnut which was very good).
Only gripe is that it's tiny: about seven seats in total, dotted along the windows bar-style.

Stopped for lunch while on vacation in Edinburgh.
Great value and great food.
I had a panini with mozzarella, roasted red peppers, spinach and pesto, and I added salami.
Husband had the Meaty Man sandwich with chicken, bacon, salami and cheese.
We split a smoked salmon/avocado salad.
The food was delicious and serving sizes were good.
Add two bottled sodas and our total bill was still under 12 pounds.
Tiny place - maybe 10 seats inside.

