My Mamma loves this place and always wants to go here when she comes to visit.
I think its partly due to the handy 50% off voucher La Tasca email me every month.
Otherwise I don't think we would bother.
We usually go around 12 and this place is always dead, but it slowly fills up so it's not all bad.
It has a nice, warm Spanish-themed decor which can almost make you feel like you're in sunny Spain.
Almost.
For some reason it is always the same waiter in here, maybe they only have one?
But we always seem to get the same guy, who I think might be Spanish.
The menu boasts an array of Tapas dishes to suit every sort of eater.
A great selection of meat, fish, vegetarian and salad dishes so you are bound to find something.
It can be hit or miss though, sometimes the Paella is great and sometimes it is very dry and bland.
I love the Chorizo cooked in red wine and the Patatas Bravas.
At lunchtime they offer a deal of 5 dishes for two people for £10.
Which is okay and there is a good selection but with the handy 50% off voucher we tend to stick to the normal menu as there is more choice and it works out roughly the same price.
This restaurant has a nice atmosphere and is good for a quiet lunch where you can end up stuffing your face on the cheap.

If you are into Spanish food then this is the place for you and when you do get here and if they offer all you can eat then them the up on it - you won't regret it.
For about £10 I got a group all you can eat here (that's £10 per head) and I have to say I've never eaten so much good food in one sitting.
The superlatives are quite frankly unnecessary because none of them will do it any justice.
The meal itself is likely to take a lot of time.
If you get a group meal the food will arrive in batches for you to help yourself to whatever you fancy and if you get all you can eat, these batches will keep coming until you decide that enough is enough.
At this point you'll have a conflict of interest, for you'll still want to eat this delicious food, but you'll also be very aware that you've probably eaten more than enough already.

I love the concept of tapas and it's perfect for someone as indecisive as me whose eyes are bigger than their stomach.
No matter what restaurant I go to, it always takes me an age to decide what to go for and the fact that I like pretty much about every food apart from mushrooms it doesn't make the choice any easier.
Tapas is brilliant as it means I can try a whole bunch of stuff off the menu rather than just one main.
I'm just back from Madrid and there's tapas absolutely everywhere, even in bog standard bars, it's awesome and I'm an even bigger tapas fan now than I was before.
La Tasca has an excellent menu and they do an amazing patatas bravas and the two times I've been here the service has been of an excellent standard and the food even better.

La Tasca kinda gets a bad name, but I quite like it!!
I know more than a few people who slate it because they think it's greasy and not up to scratch, 'Real Spanish food doesn't come in boxes' has been said more than once.
So what, it's a franchise, but the food isn't bad!!
It's quite a nice way to ease yourself into Mediterranean food if you ask me.
Price is good too!!
There's always a decent offer on the internet for La Tasca, worth a look.

Sublime Spanish Tapas and what a lovely space!
Very cozy and inviting.
Definitely a highlight of our holiday travels.

Sorry, I don't get it.
We came here for Valentine's Day because they were running a £15 fixed menu special.
I'm not sure what the problem was, but our reservation was for 8:45 (way after the dinner rush) and the restaurant was not at all crowded, yet we waited over an hour for our main course.
When it came, I wasn't at all particularly impressed with the food - the Paella was more like spanish rice with vegetables, something you'd get as a side dish to a burrito platter at a Mexican restaurant.
The shrimp was like popcorn shrimp I'd get at a greasy diner in West Virginia.
The best part of the meal was the awesome appetizer spread of bread, meats, cheese and olives.
Other than that, the food was sub-par.
It's a shame, it's a beautifully decorated restaurant with a nice storefront.
But if you're looking for great Spanish food, I'd go somewhere else.

I find La Tasca to be tapas my numbers - not particularly inspirational.
The one at the Omni Centre is better than the one on Charlotte Square.

Great service, quality food, and quick turn around from order to serving!
I came in on a Saturday and ordered 7-9 Tapas for 3 people, ample food.
My top 3 choices were empanadas, potatoes, y the paella de carne.
I suggest staying away from the American type food such as the wings and fried fish.
The traditional sangria was a tasty treat!

After receiving an email midweek from these guys, as heading to the cinema in the Greenside complex, decided on paying them a visit, as I had not been there for a few months.
Found a seat just outside, as was busy with a bridal party.
The menu states La tasca food to share, I thought really for me its enough for one; why share four prawns, (Gambas Gabardina Madrid), king prawns in San Migel beer batter, with mayo of garlic & paprika.
Ordered these as I had plenty time before a film.
The offer emailed to me this week, mentioned free coffee if ordering from their dessert menu.
decided their dessert Spanish cheese board it looked appealing.
Containing blue, tetilla, manchego and goats cheese(among my favourites), and served with a crunchy sugar coated tort, fresh apple and quince paste...mmmm oh yes, good start to the weekend I thought as I tucked in.
But I needed to email someone, so tried to access wifi.
Was it free or was a password was required?
Management was quite pleasant and had a chat with him about how his chain was doing with the competition around, and if there was wifi available.
He told me La Tasca recommends you use The Cloud, simply put name and password into site through Google, and your off, but with no connection or dedicated site to use, simple to access I hear you say; Hmmm?
It would have been easier if...id asked for a rabbit in a hat with a bat, as tried for about half hour to access any wifi(there are a few) but no luck on any.
Possibly due to being too far from hub in question.
Previous experience has taught me faint signal + ancient laptop = not a good combo, this has occurred before in other foodie places around town.
My hour was up so asked for the bill from staff at the bar, but was beckoned to wait until another staff member who worked at the food till could ring up my order.
Guess what, she didn't notice that I'd had dessert, and there was no notification on the bill to state discounted coffee with dessert as promised, so I queried this!
She rectified the problem after a few minutes, strangely discounting an odd amount from the order, I didn't have time to discuss it further but as the total was around £10, decided on tipping and then left.
Moral check your bill b4 always...
The food was fine, coffee quite strong for a small cup, though not paint stripper strength, but you could taste a kind of espresso milky quality.
The service was fantastically quick.
But what lets La T down is the comms between you, staff, bill and emails(of which there are probably many every week), thus trying to explain this to all involved.
Oh yeah and not getting access to the web was a minus for me.
So three stars from me until all is resolved, but four stars for the menu.

