I love Nargile.
The staff there are wonderful and really make you feel welcome.
It's a fairly small restaurant with an intimate atmosphere.
The quality of the food is stunning, with a really good choice.
You feel like you want to have everything, so it's quite difficult deciding!
There is a good choice of Turkish wine available, too.
The owner obviously takes great pride in making sure everything is just right, which it is.
Highly recommended.

Fantastic turkish food right in the "modern" heart of Edinburgh!
I had the "Biberli Kusu Izgara" main dish (lamb) which was excellent and finished it off with a "marshmallow"  dessert.
Service was fantastic...

If you are in the mood for traditional Turkish food, look no further than Nargile.
Situated in Hanover Street, Nargile is in the heart of the New Town area of Edinburgh and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.
I came here for the first time several months ago for my lunch, and I wasn't all that sure what Turkish food was when I entered the restaurant, but I had an amazing experience here, and will definitely be back.
Nargile' menu offers a vast selection of choice of traditional and authentic Turkish food including kebabs, rice, fish and meat dishes.
I ordered the mezze dish, which was about six or seven small portions of different dishes and they were a mixture of hot and cold meals.
It was really delicious and it included kebabs and prawns marinated in a really fresh sauce that was full of flavour - really yummy!
The food here is excellent value for money, with a three course meal and glasses of wine costing £20 - such a bargain for this area of Edinburgh.
The staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming and were very patient with me in explaining what the dishes were!
Nargile is a fabulous Turkish restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.

Oh boy.
Well, the boy actually in this case, because he came up trumps in picking out a place for my birthday meal.
Middle eastern food?
Somewhere I have never been as I haven't yelped it yet?
Oh yes, he knows me well.
So Nargile - lovely restaurant, if on the chilly side (we were seated in the window so that might have been the problem).
Big buckets masquerading as wine glasses.
Being a Tuesday night, it wasn't particuarly busy read: dead when we arrived, but business was picking up by the time we left, so we had the place to ourselves.
Food took a while to arrive, but what can you say when it is freshly cooked?
If you want a recommendation, then I strongly would suggest that you try the shaksuka - although the menu indicates it is lightly sauteed aubergine but really, it is chargrilled to an inch of it's life, releasing all that delicious smoky aubergine flavours that we know and love.
Contrasted with a light dip and deliciously dressed onions, oh, I could have eaten it all day.
Other starters sampled included the stuffed mushrooms, sauteed king prawns (with luscious plump roasted tomatoes) and the dana sogush.
Not a single complaint arose from the table.
I think some amongst our party might have tried to lick their plates clean.
Mains: I had the monkfish and prawns on tomato and olive sauce.
Now, here I think Nargile fell down, as the tomato sauce was strongly at odds with the flavours of the monkfish and prawn (both beautifully cooked) - both good, but an unsuccessful match, I felt.
I also snuck in some creamed spinach on the side, mainly because I love the stuff, and it didn't disappoint here.
The boy and the mother both ordered the Kuzu Kus Kus - a giant plate of cous cous and root vegetables delivered with a separate bowl of collapsing lamb on the bone and more vegetables.
A success from both sides.
The father tucked into a mammoth mixed kebab which he struggled to finish, such was the quantity of meat in front of him.
But you have to try, don't you?
Finally, although we were all groaning and trousers were a-popping, of course we had dessert.
Baklava, the mallow surprise (?
) and sorbet were delivered.
For me and the father,  the baklava was nice but way too heavy on the almond flavours, that the 3 pieces were too much - one would have sufficed.
The marshmallow dessert was a hit with the boy as was the sorbet with the mother.
All washed down with fresh mint tea and a bottle of New Zealand wine (The Jive Pinot Noir, nom nom nom).
Nargile - I think you are great.
Perhaps lose some of your western influences (like the overly strong tomato and olive sauce) - you don't need it - the rest of your food stands strong.

I've been to Nargile twice.
The first time was around Christmas and my boyfriend and I enjoyed a lovely set meal for two, where you get a choice of starter, main and dessert for about £14 per person.
We had the hummus and sucuk, which is Turkish sausage for our starters and both were delicious.
I had the mixed kebab, which comes with rice, salad and chili sauce for my main while my partner had a lamb kebab, which came with chips and salad.
Both were delicious.
Our dessert was an assortment of baklava and ice cream.
Overall, with a few drinks our bill came to roughly £40.00, which we felt was great value for money!
The only catch was the deal was only available up until 7pm, which wasn't a problem for us.
They also had Christmas crackers at our table which was a nice touch!
We left feeling we would definitely come back.
Fast forward from Christmas to April 15th.
We had purchased a Groupon voucher several weeks back entitling us to a two-course meal, including a glass of house wine or Efes beer.
For my starter, I had the fried halloumi cheese.
It was absolutely spot-on!
You got 3 large bits of cheese with a drizzle of olive oil and some sun-dried tomatoes.
Delicious!
The regular price for this dish is £5.50 and I felt it was decent value for money.
My boyfriend went with the Dana Sogush, which is described as "strips of char grilled beef, tossed with fresh coriander, red onion, chili and mixed salad in an olive oil and lemon dressing".
Now picture what you think that would look like in your head.
I pictured lovely strips of beef, maybe not thick, but at least sizable, tossed in this lovely sounding dressing with a bit of salad on the side, as this starter is £6.95.
The dish comes out and it's basically a salad of cucumber, red onion, tomato and lettuce, with a few miniscule "strips" or mini pieces of beef.
While it had a lovely lovely flavour, there was hardly any beef in what was supposed to be a strips of beef starter.
Maybe we were just unlucky and had a one-off end of the batch salad, but this was definitely not good value for money.
Good thing we had the Groupon voucher!!
For our mains, I decided that since we had a Groupon I would take advantage of it and get the steak and prawn kebab, which comes with rice, salad and chili sauce, for £17.50.
My boyfriend got the escallops of Monkfish with a tomato-herb sauce and cheese, over a bed of cous cous with salad on the side.
His main was £16.95.
While the flavours of my steak and prawn kebab were fantastic, again it was not good value for money (thank-you Groupon, once again).
I had two bits of beef and two prawns, about a half-cup of rice and a salad consisting of tomatoes, cucumbers and red onion mixed with some lettuce.
There is no way on earth that this dish costs more than £7-10 to produce.
Now if you got two kebabs, maybe it would be worth the £17.50 menu price, but I highly doubt it.
The Monkfish had a slightly larger portion and nice flavours.
For dessert, I had the assortment of baklava with pistachio ice cream.
It was devine and I would recommend that.
Most desserts are in the £5 range but you can get scoops of ice cream starting from £1.95.
Overall, while I do like Nargile, I don't feel the food is good value for money.
I would only consider going back if I had another Groupon or if there was a set-menu deal like the one at Christmas.
I don't know why anyone pays full-price for some of these dishes!!

Nargile offers Edinburgh diners an excellent insight in to Mediterranean-style Turkish cuisine.
We sampled an excellent array of hot and cold meze, served in a simple, elegant style.
We really enjoyed our visit.
Overall, we said: "the whole experience was one that we would happily repeat.
We really want to return there when we can have a go at their full menu.

I have been here a few times, first and foremost the service is always impeccable.
Friendly, welcoming and they like to chat and have a joke.
Food is right up my street, combination of flavours from across the med done in a sharing style.
Starters we all opted for the mezze, no less than 14 dishes appeared before us with breads as well - so tasty lots of flavours going on and very fresh tasting NOM NOM NOM.
For mains I went for a sea-bass dish that was spiced and served with a bean and sun dried tomato salad.
Very very tasty!!!!!
Fish was perfectly cooked, the spice added flavour while keeping the great taste of the fish, and the serving was huge.
Very very happy JD!!
Desert was a tough one - in the end I opted for a scoop of raspberry sorbet and one of pistachio ice cream!!
Should they go together you may well ask???
Many would say no....but I say say.....YES!!!
The sorbet is packed full of taste but is possibly too tart so the pistachio adds a earthy richness that offsets it nicely between mouthfuls!!
Add to that a nice little wine list and these Aberdonian boys are doing the tastes of the middle east a huge boost!!
Recommend happily!!
As for the last star - for the setting, for the style, for what it could be, I think they need to refine things a little more to hit that high note!

If you like meze, then Nargile is the place to go.
Centrally located on Hanover street, and serving food all day, it is the ideal place for a late Saturday lunch with a friend.
The food is lovely, as well as the staff, and you can also try some lovely Turkish wine for under £20 a bottle.
Highly recommended.

A couple of  weeks back,  Lynsey F and I were planning to go to the Edinburgh Art School Degree show however, we didn't pay attention to our ticket time and the time slot we had was too early for both of us to attend.
Instead, Lynsey F suggested using a voucher she had for Nargile, and heading out for an  'appreciating  the Degree show with a glass of wine and Meze...even though we didn't actually go' dinner.
Oh my godness...Heaven actually is a place on Earth (Belinda Carlisle got that right!
)  The interior of this family-run restaurant is subtle and elegant, with lots of space between tables and beautiful artwork adorning the walls.
Service was prompt, efficient and the waiting staff really knew their menu.
Then the food started coming, little dishes of the most scrummy things!
There were crunchy salads, humus, pitta bread, spicy lentils, halloumi, filo pastry rolls with feta and spinach, falafel, grilled aubergines and mushrooms in a creamy sauce.
All of them absolutely, positively fresh and delicious!
Being vegetarian, I got my own little plate of additional veggie delights, while Lynz had a similar plate of meaty treats!
We were given information about all the dishes, we enjoyed all the dishes and ate every last morsel of each dish (I would have happily licked each dish clean were we not in such a classy establishment!
)  Our wine was an extremely nice Pinot Grigio (not too expensive at £16.95 a bottle), and we finished our meal with some baklava and pistachio ice cream.
The baklava was a wee touch dry, and could have used a bit more honey...but hell...that's a minor detail after such a lovely meal.
I can't remember the exact cost as we had a voucher, but the prices are extremely reasonable for such lovely, quality food.
I left thinking we'd have to find something else soon we can get tickets for and not go so we can come back but, on second thoughts, I don't really think I need an excuse!

Es war alles sehr sauber und ordentlich.
Die Portionen waren sehr gut und vor allem sehr lecker.
Die Bedienung war freundlich und schnell.
Für mich immer wieder gern.

