We stumbled upon Clarinda's Cafe on the way to the Palace of Holyroodhouse.
It is a very cute teahouse on the Royal Mile.
This place is perfect for a quick lunch or afternoon tea.
We had sandwiches with salad and chips on the side.
They also had an assortment of fresh baked cakes and pastries.

A perfectly servicable teahouse whose service, decour and food are largely unremarkable.
Our table was both dirty and a bit wobbly.
The server was perfunctory, if a bit gruff.
Food was just fine.

Coming to Clarinda's is a very welcoming, homely experience, and very much like sitting in the "good room" reserved for special occasions in your great-aunt's house, or somewhere similar, with old fashioned yet comforting decor and with a nice safe familiarity about it all.
What's nice about Clarinda's is the non-pretension of it all, and that reassuring, some things never change feeling you get when you come here for a nice wee cup of tea, or a home made scone, or something equally as life calming.
I do feel a bit like I should keep my elbows off the table when I'm here and mind my Ps and Qs, but then again, I should probably do that wherever I am.
The food here is so reasonably priced, and you get a lot of it too, none of these measly, recession friendly, food portions.
There was nothing pretentious about my tasty sandwiches, which came with crisps and salad on the side, and I also managed to wolf down what I think was, or remember as, a yummy slice of banana loaf.

When you think royal mile, you usually think "overpriced, overly-touristy wares and food surrounded by everyone you've never met AND their mother".
Well I suppose a tea room might still be considered "touristy" by some, but hey: there must still be a few legitimate olde tyme tea houses out there, right?
(wrong)  Clarinda's has a lot of rules, which are really not that big a deal if you manage to find a time when it's not packed.
Toilets for customers only, no serving yourself, during busy times you may have to share your table etc.
However if you think you can handle these small inconveniences, you will find Clarinda's to be a quaint little spot for tea and pastries.
The decor consists of small tables bathed in white linen and paintings of stately looking nobles.
It's exactly the idea every American (including myself) has of what "tea-time" should be.
That being said, the tea is actually quite good and not all that expensive.
I shared a pot with a friend which set us back a little over £2.
We also each partook of a scone, which lemme tell ya, were homemade, buttery and delicious.
I think I will be making periodic trips down to Clarinda's, as it is a great place to grab some tea and do some light socializing over a delicious pastry.

Small traditional tea shop.
Very cosy, looks like the living room of a house.
Wonderful cakes to have with coffee.
We had an amazing apple pie.
Bueniiiisssimo!
y muy traditional.

Great place for a casual tea.
The pastry cart was loaded with goodness and the salmon sandwiches are to die for!
This is a small tea house but the food is great and the staff was friendly and patient with those of us not familiar with the menu or how to order.
When on the Royal Mile, this is a great place to stop in for a snack (or full meal if needed).

This is a funny little place - old and dusty a bit.
But, the tea is good and it has a lot of character(s).
And the price is right.

This was an amazing find on the Royal Mile.
Tired and hungry, this charming place provided good food with fresh fragrant flowers on each table.
The rhubarb pie was yummy!

A really lovely tea room with an inexpensive array of tasty sandwiches.
I had a corned beef and pickle sandwich with an iced tea, and while it's not corned beef in the American sense it was still really good.
Besides, I'm a sucker for a good chutney!
The iced tea was freshly made and perfect for a sunny afternoon.
The whole affair was a painfully cheap £5.45, sans tip.

Popped into Clarinda's enroute to the Scottish Parliament.
If you are down the Royal Mile/Holyrood side of town then it is probably worth a visit - it is so cheap!
The decor you will love or hate - all plates and chintz and a bit much for me, but cute vintage tea sets being used.
Being GF then options are more limited - no ckaes but ask about soups and sandwiches and they also do baked potatoes.
I only had tea but the girls all munched down on savouries and cakes which were well received.
It is small so you may have to queue at the door to get a table...

I'm from a small rural Yorkshire village - I basically lived in an episode of Last of the Summer Wine for twelve years - so believe me when I say I KNOW tea shops.
Chintzy, lacy, doily-laden tea shops.
Shops where the clinking of translucent china cups and saucers rings like Christmas bells under the chatter of guests and the cold hiss of rain outside.
I didn't expect to find this slap bang on one of the busiest streets in the middle of a city.
I'll confess that I was mildly biased toward this from the off, simply because Clarinda is one of the names that people tend to come out with when they're flailing around desperately trying to remember what I'm called.
But unless there are a lot more Cressidas, Clarissas, Cassandras and Clarabels out there than I thought, and some of them are male and over 60, that same reasoning doesn't explain the long line of people that materialised in hopeful tea-hunting shortly after our party filled the last table.
What does explain it, and the fact that the place was already almost packed when we arrived, follows:  Mighty fine quiche lorraine, warm and solid, served with crisps and a simple yet effective salad, for the un-wince-worthy sum of £5.50; tea for two, served in a cuddly bulbous teapot blooming with roses (I believe I have mentioned my love of roses in other reviews); dazzlingly swift service; cakes from just £1.75; cheery atmosphere.
Explanation served!
Alright, so it's a little kitschy, and the laminated menus are a little battered and budget, but if you're down on Canongate and looking for a cosy cuppa and bite, you could do a lot worse than hop through the door and into village-land.

What an adorable little spot!
We walked over here from a good hike at Arthur's Seat, and were looking for a casual spot to grab some coffee/tea and little nibbles.
Since it was early afternoon, there werent many people in the space, which was great for us since we were a group of five and were seated right away.
We ordered a bunch of items, including the lentil soup and minestrone soup, which tasted heavenly from the bitter cold outside.
They were hot and definitely tasted home-made, which was a welcome change from what we had been eating for so long.
We also ordered grilled cheese sandwiches, rhubarb pie, and some other sweets, which were all great and went well with our LOVELY tea ;).
The bill for five of us ladies was only £30, which is a steal and I will absolutely go again when I'm back in Edinburgh.
Ah, I miss Scotland!

Dreadful service and mediocre cream teas.
The sign says to seat yourself, so we did.
10 minutes later, a woman popped her head out and saw us.
She (the older woman) took our order without saying a single word.
I said, "Two cream teas, please," and she just scooted off without any smile, greeting or acknowledgement of the order at all.
Later I asked for some more clotted cream because the jars they give you are quite small in contrast to most other tea rooms.
She did not inform me that there was extra charge for that.
I wouldn't have minded paying for it, but certainly you should at least tell the customer that you charge extra.
The scones didn't taste freshly baked and were just so-so.
The jam was just out of a jar and so-so.
On the good side, the place is pretty cheap.
£3.65 for a cream tea.
I'd recommend spending a little more and going to a nicer place.
Also, this tea room does not take debit or credit cards, only cash.

Im Canongate,kurz vor Holyroodhouse, liegt Clarinda's.
Es war ein Fehler, gleich am ersten Tag meines Edinburgh-Aufenthaltes hier reinzukommen, aber die Atmosphäre dieses kleines Teeraumes hat mich angelacht.
Am Eingang empfängt einen ein Schild: nicht "Wait to be seated", sondern "Seat yourself" steht darauf.
Manchmal hat man aber Schwierigkeiten, einen Platz zu finden - so voll ist es hier, dass man sich an einen Tisch dazusetzen mus.
Stört mich persönlich aber nicht.
Zur Einrichtung kann man eigentlich nur sagen: Kitsch as Kitsch can.
Eine Fülle an nicht wirklich zueinanderpassenden victorianischem und Art deco Krimskrams.
Beim Reinkommen fällt der Blick sofort auf die Kuchentheke: Darauf lachen einem  eine riesige Auswahl selbstgebackenen Kuchen, Pies und Scones an.
Da fällt die Auswahl schwer, welches Gebäckstück man zu seinem wirklich guten Tee heute möchte (mein Favorit: heißer Applepie mit Eiscreme!
)  Natürlich kann man hier auch gepflegt schottisch frühstücken mit z.
B. Haggis and Baked beans.
Zum Lunch gibt es auch Kleinigkeiten wie hausgemachte Suppen, Lasagne, Sandwiches etc.
Der Service ist sehr freundlich und bemüht, die Damen umschwirren die Gäste wie Motten das Licht.
Aber leider wirken sie manchmal etwas unorganisiert, besonders wenn es voll ist.
Denn leider steht Clarindas Tea Room anscheinend in vielen internationalen Reiseführern.
Der Hauptanteil der Kunden besteht nämlich aus deutschen, japanischen, amerikanischen und anderen Touristen aus aller Herren Länder.
Aber mir hats so gut gefallen, dass ich an 3 von 4 Tagen hier war.
Und das sagt ja wohl alles, oder?

