Oh Bonnies!
I miss you!
The staff here are lovely, especially the owner.
The paninis are great and not just your run of the mill stuff either.
Nice veggie options too.
There is a usually a lush selection of sweet things, oh the danishes!
All very reasonably priced and perfect for that one summer's day in Edinburgh when you can have a picnic on the meadows and get your milk bottle legs out for a burn.
: )

Bonningtons has only recently relocated to Newington from Leith, and I for one am glad that it did!
It's true, Edinburgh has it's fair share of sandwich delis, but something about Bonningtons puts it a cut above the rest.
The service is always friendly, usually with the same 2 or 3 people working there, and so you very quickly become a recognised regular.
Unlike a lot of other sandwich delis of this type Bonningtons very rarely runs out of filling ingredients, so you're always guaranteed to get the exact sandwich you're after.
That's the best thing about this place - no matter how bizarre your request, they are always happy to oblige, and they aren't stingy with the fillings either.
You can get your food to go, or slouch on their comfy leather sofas with a gorgeous cappuccino for a spot of people-watching on busy Clerk Street outside.
You can't beat it for price either... whether you get one of your own bespoke creations tailor-made to order, or one from their selection of sandwiches freshly made that day (I'd recommend the Goat's Pyjamas with Sun-blushed tomatoes, tangy goat's cheese, basil pesto and roast aubergine), you can expect to pay as little as £2.50-£3.50.
If you have to buy lunch on the go and you're within a 10-mile radius... go here.

After walking past this place time after time I finally decided to go in and see what all the fuss was about at lunch time.
This was further provoked by the fact they finally took down the scaffolding that had been obstructing it for the best part of last semester.
There are comfy couches and a few tables but it's not huge by any means.
The staff are lovely and friendly and do not try and rush you with your choice just because it's busy (I am a picky eater).
I had a Danish pastry and a tea, all very yummy, but my friend's sun-dried tomato, mozzarella and basil pesto was delicious and the bread was soft and fresh.
Definitely stands out from its neighbouring sandwich bars, and great to grab something and head for the Meadows in the sun!

Bonningtons certainly holds its own against the wide range of sandwich bars available on Clerc Street.
The service is friendly and always seems pleased to see you as well as accomodate your every sandwich need.
Where Bonningtons surpasses its local competition is in the quality and variety of ingredients it makes available for baguettes and sandwiches.
Every time I visit I spend at least two minutes pondering which cold meat would marry best with which sauce or types of salad.
The last time I was in I had pork with apple sauce which was delicious and only cost £2!!
Although having not tried it myself I noticed that Bonningtons are the only Edinburgh stockists of Caithness Cheeses from north Scotland, a tribute to the range and scope of their produce.
My one criticism of the delicatessen would be, however, that the shop itself feels a little dark and from the outside can seem almost uninviting.
This is a shame and does not do justice to the quality of the food and service inside which is truly excellent without the extortionate price tag.

A relatively new addition to the cafés adorning Nicholson street, Bonningtons is without doubt the best sandwich bar around.
With a huge range of high quality ingredients this is a must for anyone who likes create your own sandwiches.
They have everything, dried meats (the serrano ham is almost as good as in Spain), sausages, bacon, about 4 or 5 different flavoured types of chicken, meatballs, ham, falafel, hummus, loads of different cheeses, olives, jalapenos, all the salad you could want and a multitude of sauces.
As well as this you have about 6 or 7 different types of bread to choose from.
The garlic paste is great, as are the olives with serrano ham and brie.
If you cannot make up your mind however, the owner is more than welcome to help out.
As it is at the end of my road I often stop in for lunch and there have been many times I have asked for something like a club sandwich with a twist (or other requests) and 10 minutes later I have a sandwich masterpiece in my hands.
If even this is too uncertain for you though, they have pre packaged sandwiches, which can all be heated if that's what you want.
As well as sandwiches they have loads of drinks, although there are no Innocent Smoothies any more they have been replaced by another brand equally as nice.
Also available are nibbles, and as well as the normal crisps and chocolate bars they sell wasabi peas, a few different flavoured nuts and excellent cakes, including an awesome brownie and rocky road.
The owner is really friendly and is constantly experimenting with his ingredients, offering advice on what he likes.
Currently under refurbishment now, but open again in a few days he plans to install as PS3 and Xbox so people can play whilst waiting for their food - Which other sandwich bars can you say that about.
Sandwiches normally cost about £2.50-£3 but with Snapfax you can get 20% off so who can argue with a great sarnie for about 2 quid.
Certainly not me

we tried the flat white.
milk temperature was good, on the cool side.
strength and flavour was good but no real milk texture that would have lifted it.
a good option though if you're in the area, especially if you're hungry as there are heaps of good sandwich options :)

The welcome at Bonnington's was very warm, and their meatball sandwich was one of the best I've had, recently, but their soup was sad, which was a considerable shame.
Overall, we said: "I found Bonnington's to be "hit and miss".
The soup was a let down, but the toasted meatball sandwich was great.
I'd happily pop back, as the welcome was warm, but next time I'll choose something other than their soup to match with one of their excellent sandwiches.

I love their Batman sandwich.
Rocket, avocado, bacon, tomatoe and mayo.
Their soup is just alright.
Recent one I had was carrot and orange soup.
A bit lack of seasoning.
Something liquidy to go along with your sandwich.
Service is good if you go there often enough til they recognise you.
Or else this will just be one of those walked by sandwich shop.
Get your food and leave.

