I really like this place.
It couldn't be any more central.
It's modern, but very comfortable.
The food is great value, and the portions are huge.
Oh, it sells draught Peroni too - pricey, but a fine beer!

Fairly middle of the road, The Newsroom is a bog standard city centre bar that doesn't seem to be aimed at anyone in particular.
It's not a style bar, nor is it the type of place you'd head for a night out, but it's not a dive or an old man pub either.
It's just right in the middle, and has some pretty snazzy 70s wallpaper.

The Newsroom is the kind of bar that caters to everyone, and its central location (very near Edinburgh Waverley) secures its trade of travellers and city centre workers alike.
With that in mind, it's the kind of bar that has a bit of a universal appeal, and thus maybe lacks the personality of a theme bar or otherwise.
That's not what it's trying to do, however, and the space inside is nice.
It's usually fairly busy no matter what time of the day but it's big enough for you to always guarantee a table.
It's usually full of suits between Monday and Friday, as everyone else has outlined.
It's a nice, neutral space to meet up for a business lunch or some down time with friends.
But most attractive is their menu!
It's cheap as chips.
Which suits me down to the ground if I'm stopping by for a quick pint and a budget lunch with friends - the food is decent and you can't argue with the under a fiver prices!
It's central and it does the job if you're wanting a nice feed and a wee sit down near the train station.

I walk past this bar daily, as it's centrally located on Leith Walk, and I have to say I'm always receiving the creep vibe.
On paper, it has everything going for it; it's got a great location, isn't too small, and it quite nicely decorated with comfortable leather chairs and modern decor.
However, there are ALWAYS creepy men walking in, out, or even more worryingly sitting or standing by the entrance.
I've been in there to hand out Cvs quite a while ago, before I knew ofcourse about The Vibe, and very little would make me head back there.
The drinking does start quite early in there, and amongst the more bothersome clientele, I have spotted a family or two in there enjoying a drink... so I GUESS you'll make it out there untainted, but I wouldn't venture it...

I've passed The Newsroom so many times but didn't actually venture in until last week.
I was drawn in by a lot of hullaballo going on with people dressed up and handing out flyers for various Fringe shows.
Feeling a little parched, we decided to pop in for a juice and rest our weary legs after trekking through the meandering streets of Edinburgh trying to seek out the best Fringe shows.
It was pretty busy but we managed to squeeze ourselves in and find a couple of seats in which to sit and sip on our lemonades.
I liked the buzz around the place but I get the impression that was purely down to Fringe antics and that this place isn't usually filled with people in fancy dress much like the rest of Edinburgh around festival time.
As far as bars go, it's a-okay, and if you're looking for a lunchtime drink or a quick couple of drinks then it fits the bill perfectly.

Theres something about this place that I like.
It has a sort of comfy/cozy atmosphere to it.
I go and sit up the back in the soft and comfortable seats and forget I'm in the busy city centre for about an hour or more.
I've only ever had french fries, but they were dang good french fries!
hehe  I think it's the prefect spot for meeting up with a friend for lunch and chillin for a while.
I love the decor with the old rotary telephones, cassette tapes stuck on a wall, typewriters hung up like artwork....it brings back memories.
:-)

Usually take part in the pub quiz nights.
This is a lovely hang out with enough room to lounge around - and good venue during Festival time for comedians (free).
On pub quiz nights you need to make it there early to get seating.
The drinks are on the pricier side, but normal for Edinburgh, and especially during festival time.

I have been to the newsroom.... maybe three times?
Have I enjoyed all three visits?
Why yes I have!!
It has a totally laid back feel to it, the staff are very friendly and not too bad on the eye!
Drinks are averagely priced, I have had more expensive and I have had cheaper.
The cocktails are delish!
My friend decided to try one with absinthe in it, which I must say I thought would be £6.95 down the drain.
I could not have been more wrong, was a little jealous I didn't get one myself!
The surroundings are comfortable, I did not want to leave that big cosy sofa to walk home in the cold, not one bit!
The food menu looks good, I spent about 10 minutes pondering over this one burger which sounds very intriguing..... it has macaroni cheese on it?!
But they have 6 meals for £6 between 12-6 on Monday to Fridays (I think?
) so I don't see any reason not to give it a go!

I met a friend here for lunch this week.
It was ok...
I get the feeling this place is more of an after work kind of bar, the place was dead when I went in at 12:45pm.
I can kind of understand why after looking at the menu.
Don't get me wrong, the stuff on the menu looked great, but most of the things there looked way too filling for a lunch.
I was likely to be in a food coma at my desk by 2:30!
I plumped for a chicken sandwich (the only sandwich on the menu if memory serves) and asked nicely if I could have BBQ sauce instead of the advertised peri peri, which they were really accommodating about.
It tasted great and was served with fries in a cute little bucket.
If I had time I would have hung around for a tea but I had to shoot off back to the office.
The place is nice but I think its more aimed at after work drinks and food, will have to go give it ago later in the day sometime.

I very rarely go to the Newsroom but when I went recently I was surprised to see how good it looked.
It looks way better since being renovated...not sure when that happened!
I like all the bell jars (I think that's what they're called) with lights in them.
I only went this particular night for a gig downstairs but I'd definitely go back just for the bar.

Met some friends in here after work through the week and it was the first time I'd been in.
It's scrubbed up well after it's recent refurb and it's good to see they do table service.
There's a nice mix of high tables with bar stools in the window areas and lower tables at the back.
It looks though there's a bigger area through the back for food but I've only been in for drinks so far.
They've got a good cocktail menu and I can recommend the passionberry fizz.
I'll need to come back to  try some of the other cocktails on the menu.

The bar & staff are beautiful I will admit.
But the drinks & desserts from next door were very disappointing.
I had a strawberry & Lychee caipiroska which tasted like Hawaiian punch & cough medicine.
I asked the server if I could change the drink because it tasted terribly, they refused.
Whatever happened to good customer service?
I'm not asking to change a sandwich to a steak & lobster.
They need to change their attitude & where they get their desserts.
Woof!

The staff were nice and the wine list pretty good.
I love the retro style lighting in the windows and the big central bar but I have to say the bar snacks we had were just awful.
Really greasy goujon things and haggis balls in a ton of oily batter and not very exciting chips.
Good for a quick drink as its really central but definitely wont try eating again.

Bit of a first date kinda place.
Inoffensive, decent drinks menu, plenty of seats, central location.
The refurb has certainly improved the look of the place and it feels much more trendy than it used to.
But there's something about this place that I just find lacking.
It's fine, but I don't feel it's got a lot on many of the city's other drinking establishments.
It probably fares well due to the proximity to the station, which is really handily close.

The Newsroom had a much needed refurb a year or so ago, and I hadn't been since then, so when a friend suggested popping by to do the pub quiz I said yes straight away.
I love pub quizzes.
I'm pretty good at them...
The Newsroom looks so much nicer now, with the lamps in the windows, and the staff seem much smarter than before.
It's still a casual place, it's not gone all upmarket, but it's a decided improvement.
I can't shake of the horrible, sour taste of the house white that was on offer previously, and okay, I didn't order wine this time, but everything just seemed a lot nicer.
I was peckish, so ordered fries and haggis bites.
You can add a small portion of fries for £1.50, but I wanted the full sized version.
Everything was perfectly satisfactory, except perhaps the dips.
The one that came with the haggis was supposed to have some whisky to it, imperceptible, but fine, whereas the 'aioli' that the fries come with, according to the menu, was what I think was pesto stirred into mayonnaise.
Okay, but a bit strange with chips!
Oh, and as for the pub quiz, we won!
Hurrah!
Now I have more of an incentive to return, as I must defend my title....

My dad took me here for lunch and it was surprisingly good..I don't tend to eat at places that are known for their cocktails but I had a lightly curried chicken salad and it was awesome..I also tried one of dads chicken wings and it was great!
The music waswas Motown so I was very happy and the place had are ally american feel which was great...I especially liked the back room where we eat!

