We should change the name to Edinburgho because of vast quantity of Italian restaurants.
But it's a shame most of them aren't worth reviewing.
I have 2 words for you ...Scampi Thermidor.
I have never liked scampi, I didn't even know what it was until last year.
But thankfully a friend of mine sat me down in Ferri's and forced a spoonful down my throat and ever since I've been an addict.
Served with Rice and a strange Basil Garlic sauce, you haven't had scampi till you've been here.
The staff are really nice, very chatty.
Safe to go on a weekend, usually enough space.

Ferri's Restaurant is extremely popular with the theatre goers from the Playhouse who fancy some Italian food either before or after the show.
It doesn't have the same homely feel as its understated neighbour The Sicilian Restaurant, but the atmosphere feels clean and fresh nonetheless.
The menu is as you would expect with a wide choice of pizzas, pasta dishes anda great selection of seafood.
I went for the spaghetti carbonara simply because it was under £8, but some of their steak dishes looked delicious.
The carbonara was nice and creamy with a generous portion of parmesan cheese sprinkled over it to top it off.
I would come here again as the food and service, service and general experience are good, but there are more unique and interesting places than this in the area.

All I can say about this restaurant is that the characters in and around it are extremely colourful!
I also have to comment on what seems like an Italian invasion of Edinburgh.
Maybe it's just where I live, but stepping out of my apartment, there are about seven Italian restaurants to my left and at least five more in the other direction.
I mean, I'm not complaining, but just a little curious as to what happened!
Ferri's restaurant is conveniently placed in the crux of some of Edinburgh's nightlife, namely the the Playhouse, the Omnicentre and the multiple number of clubs in the area.
It's one of the more noticeable of the Italian restaurants, and the menu is ridiculously expansive!
It would take SEVERAL visits to even sample half of what they offer, but I think it would be worth it just for the amusing company!
Apart from an interesting exchange with the owner on Antigua Street, I've had a couple of old Italian men sitting outside on stools give me a smile and some kind words (I'd like to think they were!
) A restaurant with bucketloads of personality is how I would conclude.

