Its essentially a greasy spoon café, albeit with a foreign twist, so there's not really a huge amount to say about it.
However, I'd still rather eat here than go next door to Biblos, even if Aroma doesn't have the plush décor or waitress service!
If you want junk fod, but want to kid yourself it's vaguely healthy, try thi place.
If falafels come with hummus salad then it doesn't matter if they're deep fried, right?!
It's british junk food meets mediterranean cuisine, so it makes a nice change from the usual pizza or chips that you'll find in any other café with wobbly stools and ketchup out of sachets.

When I first set foot in here, the only aroma I could smell was the stench of economic deprivation.
This is not an upmarket venue, nor is it for those who look for aesthetic charm in their eateries.
The harsh lighting will highlight just how hideous your facial features are, and the way in which the windows expose you to passers by on the busy street outside, ensures that they all know you're a disgusting, greedy pig.
But there's more to Aroma than first meets the eye, and like many of the somewhat scruffy looking food joints down this street, it's a lot better than it looks.
Having only made one visit, where I purchased the aforementioned falafel, I can state that, in some ways, I prefer the more heart attack inducing version of mediterranean cooking at Aroma to the real thing.
I'd rather eat it takeaway next time though, this is an exceptionally grim cafe to sit in.

I agree with Gavin on how grim this place appears.
Like it or not, aesthetics of an establishment are important, and Aroma looks cheapened and downtrodden.
Gordon Ramsey has a steadfast rule regarding eateries.
If you take pictures of your food anywhere on the menu, chances are the food isn't up to much.
I would agree with him on how offputting it is, and it's one of the reasons I've passed Aroma by so long.
With the poorly shot close ups of sandwiches sloppily presented, it looks like a fast food outlet in the centre of London where convenience is pitted over quality.
Seeing a picture of nachos with the caption "cheese goes here" (edited in Microsoft Paint), I'm not instilled with confidence.
So after clarifying why you wouldn't want to sit in this starkly lit cafe, let's get to the food and why you would maybe want to.
Saying all that, it's surprisingly not bad.
It can be a bit greasy spoon at times but it hits the spot.
And the prices don't hit your wallet too hard.
2 pounds for a sandwich is good whatever way you see it, and rather than thinking "you get what you pay for", you're more inclined to think "that was decent value for money".
It doesn't exhude an ambience or bowl you over with its menu, but it's convenient, the staff are efficient and for what it is, it does the job quite nicely.

Lets get things straight - this isnt a coffee bar, so if you are looking for your daily fix of mocha-choca-skinny-latte, move on.
This place is a greasy spoon, and an average one at that.
Firstly, its shabby - this place needs a lick of paint so badly it is depressing.
Just somebody to make it more light and airy, and less like some kind of caffeine serving dive bar.
The food is not good - its presented poorly, and you just know deep down that you may have ordered something with a salad, but at some point that salad has been on the floor, and then deep fried to cover the taste.
Yummy.
On saying that though, while the food was a bit on the poor side, it was cheap and oddly enough I did enjoy it, but in a 'it satisfied my hunger' way rather than the way i would enjoy a gastronomic feast from a michilin star restaurant.

The name of this place is a little misleading.
The austentatious use of 'aroma' gives a sense of class whilst 'coffee bar', naturally, leads you to believe that it specialises in coffee.
Neither of these predicates is true, however.
Nonetheless, this is still an excellent cafe which serves decent food at more than reasonable prices.
I had fish and chips which cost less than £4 and enjoyed it whilst just watching the world go by on South Bridge out the window.
The service is polite and friendly with food taking only about five minutes to be prepared.
In addition to hot and cold drinks they also serve burgers, sandwiches and offer a breakfast menu with bacon and sausage rolls.
It's effectively a greasy spoon but seems to do good business and serve great food to match, despite the bewildering name

Aroma Coffee Bar is a proper little greasy spoon cafe so if you're just looking for a fuss free basic lunch then this place is a-okay.
I have to say, it is very ordinary and doesn't really stand out in this area that is full of eateries and cafes.
They offer a £3 lunch deal where you get a sandwich, snack and a juice and there are also smoothies on offer if you're looking for your five a day.
In addition to ordinary fillings they also offer falafal and hummus so if you're looking for something a little bit different than a fry up, this place might not be a bad option.

