Nice hotel although a bit out of the way but regular buses into town centre.
Large bar with large screen tv's showing sport all day every day , friendly staff and food is very reasonablbly priced.Could do with sprussing up a bit as interior of bar area a bit shabby.

Off the beaten track, in the quiet area of Polwarth, the Ettrick is not the place for a wild night out.
Instead, expect middle-aged men stopping by to watch the game or families coming in for Sunday lunch - it's too out of the way, with too much of a neighborhood vibe for most students.
To be honest, there's little about this place that really stands out: it's simply an unobjectionable, quiet drinking spot if you're in the vicinity, with a well-behaved clientele and pleasant décor.
The best reason to come here is for a relaxing Sunday afternoon pint after a walk along the nearby Union Canal.
If you're a sports fan, you'll be able to follow the match in peace, and they also do a decent range of pub grub.

It may be a bit out of your way, but with the massive garden bar fully exposed to the afternoon sun, this is a great place to drink cider and soak up some UV.
It is spacious, with two bar areas (one with large TV screen for watching your sport, and the other with a couple of comfy bench/couch seats) and of course the large outdoor space.
When I last went, children were running around the garden, and the large umbrellas were up to shelter from the strong (yes, strong!
) Edinburgh sun.
The food is standard pub food, but delicious, and even when busy, is served quickly.

The Ettrick is... fine.
It has some definite good points as well as definite bad points.
It has a good beer garden, this is great for those 3.5 sunny/warm days that happen in the summer.
It has (from distant memory) totally reasonable pub food.
It will fill your belly with stodge to soak up the beer.
It shows major sporting matches (or at least, it showed the tennis when Andy Murray was playing last year).
This isn't a draw for me, but likely is for some.
... Ok I can't think of any other good points.
The bad...
It's pretty off the beaten track.
If you want to go anywhere else before or after the Ettrick, be prepared for the longest walk between pubs in all of Scotland (and by that I mean, like, 15 minutes).
It doesn't have the best transport links, so see point above re: how long it will take to get to a reasonable bus stop.
It's FULL OF REALLY OLD MEN.
I don't have a problem with old man pubs but this takes it further than I think I'm willint to go.
I'm 29 and I'm pretty sure I was the youngest person there.
Ok yes I'm a child, but probably about 30% of the clientele were in the 70-100 range, 60% were in the 40-70 range, and 10% in the 29-40 range.
I'm not even kidding.
To be fair, I think there was some kind of old man convention going on or something, as they were all wearing the same tie, but it was a bit excessive.
If you must come here, do it during the day when it's quieter.

