Hadn't been in here for quite a while & definitely not to eat.
Picked it fairly randomly as it's close to a friend's flat.
Service was good and just shy of intrusive up till it came time to pay the bill at which point the staff were nowhere to be seen so we had to hover at the bar to settle up.
My gnocchi starter was tasty although there was rather too much tomato sauce, the tuna steak main course was also good but could have done with a potato or two as spinach as the main veg accompaniment was a little bit boring.
Only one Rose on the menu but at £11.50 it was as well priced as it was drinkable (a Fair Trade product to boot).
A good selection of tunes at a comfortable volume further enhanced the experience & I can see myself venturing back here.

Big bar restaurant at corner of Chambers Street near museums , food was good but not great portions and drink was quite reasonable , great place to sit and watch world go by but it did get very cold at our table as we were right next to large window and it was freezing outside , good atmosphere and had a good mixture of people.
Waiter/ess service was quick and attentive as well.

Biblos is a stylish, comfortable bar, with a great location.
Its great for an afternoon catch up with friends where you can have a few nibbles and some drinks.
It serves your typical pub food of Nachos, Caesar Salad, Burgers, Fish and Chips etc.
I have a friend who insists on going to Biblos for the Nachos whenever she comes to Edinburgh.
I'm not sure they are the best in Edinburgh, but they are pretty good.
I usually go for a Caesar Salad, which is as good as a Caesar Salad should be.
I have often admired companions burgers too.
If your heading for a night in the Grassmarket or Cowgate, Biblos is an ideal starting point for something to line your stomach with and have a drink or two.

With comfortable armchairs, reasonably priced big quantities of food and lovely atmosphere, this feels more like an upgraded pub/ bar.
Located right across from Old College, I come here for lunch mainly for their Cesar Salad, in which when they say with chicken they mean with chicken (and not just a sample of it I have had in other places).
You may think that a salad would hardly be filling - it really is!
However, they also offer a large selection of burgers,nachos and other favourite pub mains to choose from and their glasses of wine are more like half a bottle of wine in a wine glass.
It's got a small balcony on the top which you book for an event as well.
I would say its more like a place to start your night from, rather than focus your night on.
It's in close proximity to the touristy Grassmarket (which has a few clubs) and next door to the Jazz Bar and Brass Monkey.

Don't eat here.
Ever.
Or drink.
I came here for dinner not long ago with friends, and there were so many things wrong with it I don't know where to start.
When the waitress finally brought our food after almost an hour, she dropped my caesar salad straight into my lap.
Although the replacement did arrive much quicker than the original, they didn't take anything off the bill, or give me a free drink or anything.
The food wasn't worth waiting for, either.
The bun that my friend's burger came in was so stale I'm fairly sure it would have smashed straight through the floor if the waitress had dropped that too.
I actually found out afterwards that Biblos was fined £2000 last November for breaching hygiene regulations - I didn't believe it at first but a google search quickly proved that it is true!
I'd like to say it's still an ok place to go for drinks, but this is one of only two places in my life where I've complained about how warm the white wine is, so I don't think I'd even suggest that.
The drinks are cheap though, and the décor is beautiful, although that's probably just to distract your attention from what you're eating and drinking.

Biblos is a brilliant bar/restaurant in a great location for students and professionals.
The bar is really trendy and attracts passers-by with its huge bay-windows and comfy furniture.
Their food is good too - their menu features such treats as nachos, burgers and balmoral chicken!
Depending on your appetite you can have small or large portions.
I can highly recommend the chicken nachos - but ask for n jalepenos o if you don't like them!
They have a great discount if you have a SR card - buy one get one free - and when big events such as X factor and britains Got Talent are on you can watch them here - just make sure you don't sit behind a pillar!

I've never known what to make of Biblos - its stylish, modern, more than a bit classy - but it seems all fur coat and no knickers.
Really, this place should be great, but its just ever so slightly over priced, the staff are ever so slightly rude, the food it serves isnt particularly great value, nor is it very tasty and frankly I find the atmosphere so tense you could cut it with a knife.
Its a shame really, because if this place tried just a little harder, it could be great- but it doesnt - it seems to me that it uses its looks to draw you in, then it just leaves you feeling a bit disappointed.

Aside from the relaxing interior, reasonably priced drinks and convenient location, Biblos is just another trendy bar.
Ideal as a meeting point for societies or just plain old groups of chums.
As for food, nothing of notable attraction  here and after looking at Fiona H's comments on its food hygiene history this only further cements my recommendation to think carefully before dining here.
Still, when your slightly intoxicated and unwinding in the mellow lighting and snug seating, you'll be happy to have a tipple here.

I've been to Biblos a few times and, on the whole, it's been pretty good.
It's orientated towards being a modern pub-come-restaurant and the decor suits the overall atmosphere which is relaxed and welcoming.
My main complaint with Biblos, as with many others, is with the service.
I came here with my sister and we were directed to a table upstairs where we chose what we wanted from the menu.
After about half an hour of waiting and chatting, however, nobody had come to take our order.
Eventually we just headed downstairs and got a new table where we were finally served.
This is indicative of the service in general which just feels blunt and indifferent.
The menu offers a varied selection of food from different types of nachos to sausage and mash.
The food is good but it costs more than I would have expected for a place which markets itself to students.
Biblos serves decent food but the price and quality of the service will probably make you wonder if it's worth it.

Biblos is a pretty decent place to grab a drink by all accounts, and very conveniently located just off the main road, so minimal walking is required if you've jumped off the bus nearby.
Yes, I'm aware that sounds extremely lazy, but when you invest in a pair of Kurt Geiger skyscraping heels, the proximity of bus stops to bars and walking distance become an issue.
I know I've probably now lost any male readership I had at the start of ths review by using the word heels and proceeding to sound like a female stereotype, but if you've got a girlfriend who consistently whinges about how far they have to walk to get somewhere when they're wearing heels, this information could be to your advantage.
Biblos is pretty spacious, being on two floors, with comfortable seating to lounge about in if you so wish.
I always think everything is just fine in here, but that as a bar it lacks in atmosphere a little bit.
I favour coming in here during the day for lunch or a coffee, as I feel it works better vibe-wise then.
The nachos are a reliably good call, but the rest of the menu is equally crowd pleasing, so you shouldn't have any trouble finding at least one thing you're keen to order.

Judging by some of the previous reviews, opinions of Biblos are mixed to say the least.
So, here's my ten pence worth...
In my first years of uni here, Biblos rapidly rose to being one of my favourite places to eat.
This was no doubt helped by the two for one deal on main courses - on one occasion, I ordered two main courses for myself!
The food has been great each time I've been, and I wasn't aware of these apparent health issues there.
It's something I'll bear in mind if I go there again.
The one thing that does annoy me each time is the poor service.
This has prevented Biblos from scoring any higher than 2 stars in my reckoning.
Each time I have been, the waiting staff have not been to the standard I would expect.
They have either been too busy behind the bar, or overstretched by the amount of orders to take and food to serve.
It was quite often the case that food would take an hour to arrive, or longer on occasion.
This was repeatedly frustrating to me, and means that my desire to go back there again is now tempered.
On the flip side, the decoration inside is very nice, and so if you are content to look at the surroundings whilst waiting for your food, you may be able to cope.

You really can't miss Biblos if you've ever walked down Nicolson street!
This restaurant isn't at all intimidating, but a little respect is required as some effort has definitely been put into the decor and menu!
With plush leather chairs in the display windows and nicely polished wood in the interior, Biblos looks quite fancy, but one would be equally comfortable grabbing lunch here or having a fancy dinner instead.
One door, which I believe has remained unfixed for the last year, doesn't work, so watch out for that!
As you walk in, there's the bar area which is followed by the seating area.
I sadly haven't had a main meal at Biblos yet, but spent a really nice evening there with a friend drinking wine and munching on some starters.
With a £10 offer for two main meals, I'll definitely be back here!

Whilst it looks a bit trendy and wanky from afar, I always find the general feel of Biblos inside to be somewhat different.
Early 2000s decor now a bit grubby and past it, but almost to the stage where you could say the pub is building a bit of character.
It's not really in a going-out part of town, so it's mainly students, local drunkards, and bargain hunters after the reasonably priced grub.
Very inoffensive, but at least it's not trying too hard.

As far as bars go, Biblos is rather good.
It doesn't stick out as being anything new or all that exciting but it's certainly an inoffensive place to sit and have some drinks and the seats are very comfy too.
I've come here quite a few times for a catch up with friends and seeing as two of my closest friends live not too far from here the location is ideal and it's always our bar of choice.
It's not just a bar, you can also order food and although I've never eaten here (I've always opted to go straight for the beverages), I have noticed other customers dining and the food and menu looks pretty tasty.
Overall, if you're looking for a bite to eat and some drinks then Biblos gets a thumbs up from me!

When I first walked past Biblos I was thought it was some "swanky" studenty joint, trying to be like some from George St. Biblos is in fact a half decent, if not spectacular, friendly bar/restaraunt.
Handily placed on the corner of Chamber St and near to South Bridge, Biblos is an easy place to find, especially given its size.
The interior is smart, clean but quite comfy.
The bar is half decent and the food is above average for pub food, especially the good portion size.
Expect to pay standard to just above standard prices though.
Given its location it does attract quite a lot of students and a few tourists, but I've never been in when its too busy or the crowd too irritating.
A surprisingly decent bar, spacious and tidy, with friendly staff and in a convenient location.

This is a nice bar, but that's all, it is fairly none descript.
Don't get me wrong, this isn't always a bad thing, it does the job but with all the bars in Edinburgh it takes a lot to stand out.
Biblos is a safety place.
Inoffensive music, decent prices, good cocktails and nice decor.
It would be a good place to go as a group, lots of seating and at least you could make your own atmosphere!

Biblos looks really nice at first glance, but when you actually get inside it's a really average bar, pretending to be something better than it is.
The drinks are very average, only selling a few different beers and decidedly bland wines.
The food is completely flavourless as well; the burgers are rubbery and the pasta is pretty horrible.
It is pretty cheap though, which is probably its only saving grace.

I've had two markedly different experiences at this place.
When I went in on Monday evening with a girlfriend of mine, the service was very good and the drinks were excellent.
I actually found myself craving another one of their margaritas last night!
This time around I showed up with a guyfriend of mine.
I wouldn't mention this if I didn't think it had some effect on the service.
So here's what happened: last time, me and my friend ordered at the bar, and the bar staff took great care in making our cocktails.
This time around, my friend offered to get the drinks.
Now, he's not the best lookin' guy out there, and he was a bit underdressed for the occasion (but he wasn't wrapped in a blanket carrying a trashcan, underdressed).
He ordered the drinks at the bar and when he got back with them, my margarita was clearly watered down.
It had not been strained as it should've been, so I had an embarrassing coughing fit because some of the lime-skins got stuck in my throat (yes, that's me being clumsy, but still).
Also, there was no lime part on top of the glass, as there had been last time.
Instead, I found a squeezed out lime drifting halfway down the glass.
Now I don't know if they thought he just didn't deserve good service or drinks, but what I do know is that I won't be coming back here again.
If we pay that much for drinks, we expect them to be good.
Yeah, he's no Brad Pitt, but this just felt really unfair and discriminating to me.
(And I could tell that he was embarassed as well).
It's such a shame too since I had a great time on Monday and was thinking of making this one of my more regular fancy-cocktail hang-outs.
Guess it's time to move on!

Hmm, strange.
The quality of your experience here fluctuates with the quality of the staff.
Today, I had a small  bite at Biblos and, you know what, it wasn't half bad.
I expected it to be much worse than it actually was.
(A friend of mine suggested giving it another shot).
I really was quite surprised.
We had the fish and chips which was A-ok, not superb not bad, and the waitress had made a small mix-up with our order, but was nice enough to come tell us about it and checked in on us a couple of times.
Not in a pushy manner either, but in a friendly "I'm only here to help"-way.
Very refreshing from the careless manner in which I've been handled (man-handled even) in this bar in the past.
If this girl continues to work here, I might actually come back.
Be warned though, I've seen the waiting staff of 20-year old girls ignore me and my friend for a good 20 minutes, chatting behind the bar, before so much as raising their eyes at us.
Annoying.

I've never had any inclination to go here, but when it was booked for a recent Yelp outing, I went with an open mind.
Unfortunately my predisposition was proven correct..
The service was intermittent and fairly dismal..
The food was mediocre and  really didn't leave much of an impression (not a good one at least).. two salads at the table arrived "undressed" and upon inquiry were told that the kitchen had "run out of the balsamic vinaigrette" which usually came on the salad.
We (maybe rather loudly) suggested that maybe someone run to the Tesco across the road to pick up our own salad dressing!
A bottle of balsamic vinegar soon arrived at the table and free drinks were offered as compensation for the those who'd ordered salad.
Two steaks at the table looked promising upon arrival but the rare was closer to well done although the medium rare was at least about medium.
Dessert/tea or coffee was never offered after our plates were cleared away, we had to send someone to get the bill for our table.
The vague saving grace was that they gave us 30% off our entire food bill because we had a few students at the table.
(They offer a 30% student discount).
I think we all left feeling rather underwhelmed.
With so many options for eating out in Edinburgh, Biblos does not warrant a repeat visit.

There's something about Biblos that was telling me "do not come here.
You won't really like it".
I should really listen to my intuition.
Now, it's not awful per se.
It's big, there's lots of seats, there are drinks and "cocktails" (really not worth it though), the staff are friendly, the crowd is alright.
But it's just so soulless.
You know that cut scene in Chicago where Catherine Zeta Jones' character sings a song about Class, and how no one has it any more.
It's all sell-outs and cheap frocks and cheaper drinks.
That's what Biblos is lacking.
Class.
Call me a snob, or a fussy drinker.
I am.
I like my margartia to have proper salt on the rim of a proper glass, and not to be watered down with too much tap-water ice.
I like my caipirinha to have plenty of lime, properly battered at the bottom of the glass, with just the right amount of brown sugar and nice cachaca.
Not a mixture of what tasted like off-rum and more tap water.
Ok so I drink cocktails and the cocktails here aren't good.
If you were looking for a beer, a g&t and a place to sit it's ok.
But I've also tried the food here and it was quite uninspiring.
Not awful, hence not 1 star.
But very bland and standard pub fare.
Basically, for the price you're paying (£8 - £10 for a main) you'd be better going to a million other bars or restaurants or cafés that do food at exactly the same price, or cheaper, at far better quality.
If it was £3 for the chicken breast I had, then it's evidently at least good value.
But I was paying the same I would pay at one of my favourite bars for a hand-made burger, thick sweet potato wedges on a soft sourdough bun.
It doesn't add up.
It's really central, and was right round the corner from our NYE venue so it made do.
And I wasn't disappointed.
I just didn't feel anything for it at all really.

Meh.
It's so close to my uni that I come here often but it's just ... so ... meh.
I agree with Jenny over  here that it's absolutely soulless.
Often times you'll sit down and the waitress will actually forget that you're there -while you're sitting in the middle of the restaurant in front of three of 'em standing around chatting-.
Alzheimer Light?
Or I-don't-give-a-shit-about-my-crappy-job.
I'm guessing the latter.
Look, if it's between Nero in Blackwells and Biblos, I'll choose Biblos because, well, their seats are comfier, and that's the only reason, but in all fairness, it's quite .. bad.
As a matter of fact, I should stop coming here altogether.
It's just so ... convenient, damn you Biblos.
Look if you want a good burger and fries, skip Biblos and head up the street to Mums, and if you want a good coffee, the cafe across the road from them -though smaller- serves far better brew, but if you don't care and just want to be left alone, sit in at Biblos, I promise you, it will be quite ... forgettable.

In a word?
Grim.
I used to visit Biblos a lot when I was a student based on Chambers Street, but my latest visit as a fully fledged worker drone has coloured my experience differently.
I came for my dinner before a visit to the museum, and boy was I disappointed.
I ordered the fish and chips first of all.
It arrived and the fish was in a soggy batter (urgh) and the chips were a soggy-fest too.
Determined to cheer myself up after a less than average fish and chips, I ordered a banoffee pie for dessert.
Worst pudding ever.
The plate arrived with a cheeky squirt of cheap skooshy cream covering the "banoffee pie" (see image).
By all accounts, it should have been billed as "cheap digestive square base with tinned toffee sauce and three slices of banana on top".
It was so bad.
Do not eat here.
Even though the place knocked 30% off the bill due to an offer, it was still a tenner wasted.
As for drinks, couldn't comment.
But the food?
Like I said earlier...
Grim.

Nothing special but just OK.
I was worried that the offer of cheap food was to good to be true, which it was.
You get what you pay for and I paid very little for a cheap burger.
No real character to the place and it didn't seem to be too clean either.
There is better to be had in Edinburgh.

I wouldn't have reviewed this place as I hadn't been in in years as I was fairly sure it was whole heartedly shite, however I went in on Friday night for some beers after work and it was actually quite nice.
There is new ownership, the food looked better, the service was better I was on the whole fairly impressed with the whole thing.
However I only drank the beer and noticed that the wine was fairly expensive by the glass.
This needs further investigation, however I thought I'd pop up my initial thoughts to start with!

I had Biblos with a large group of classmates (Around 30 of us) at the end of a very intense week of study.
Glad to report that Biblos was a great choice to end such a wonderful week.
Biblo is a pretty large restaurant, it has 1 and a half floors, we took the "half floor" upstairs as the place was already packed downstairs.
With music in the background and its dimly lit ambiance, it has a fine-dining feel to it but its prices, while high, isn't outrageous.
(Psst, I also heard that they have student discounts if you have your student ID with you)  A huge selection of food, all of which, sounds interesting.
All of us had a hard time deciding.
The poor staff had to keep coming back to us as we indecisively looked through the menu over and over again.
The staff were very friendly.
When our professors needed to make some final announcements, the staff were kind enough to temporarily turn down the music until we were done.
The portions of food is rather large and it tasted great!
I'd say it is a good place for groups!

Usual pub food No cards allowed for our group Stiffed us on discount

Biblos is the kind of place that you walk past all the time, never having any inclination of entering, but then somehow end up there.
There is nothing particularly appealing about Biblos from the outside.
We are always on the hunt for wifi, and Biblos unabashedly welcomed us inside, albeit desperately and in the absence of any hint of self-respect (see: Budweiser tattoo above door).
Upon entering, we sat in what was undoubtedly the sole appealing aesthetic of the place: a cozy library-esque nook with big armchairs and shelves lined with books.
Maybe they could have pulled off that kind of atmosphere if it weren't for the abrasive lighting and large flat screen television mounted directly above the Charles Dickens novels.
This place might have -- maybe -- appeared hip and progressive circa 2002.
As you sit there, numbly staring at the large posters obstructing what would otherwise be an interesting window view of Nicolson Street, and another one of the least memorable (and rightly so) hits of the early millennium rolls on without hesitation, you may find yourself wondering what life choices you have made to predestine your visit to this establishment.
"Hey guys, look!
All food 25% off!
What could go wrong!
" you might say.
Nothing weird about that, right?
We got the nachos and the restaurant's eponymous salad.
The nachos were sloppily thrown together, with globs of guacamole, sour cream, and what they referred to as salsa clumped into the center of the chips, although I can't say they tasted terrible - but then again, what can go wrong with cheese and chips.
At least we cleared the whole plate.
The same sadly cannot be said for the Biblos salad.
What.
Is.
That.
The Biblos crew would do all Americans desperate for salad a favor by throwing all of the ingredients out the window.
It's like a five year old tried to make his mom his idea of the dinner she dreams of.
As for the drinks, they were the most acceptable aspect of Biblos we saw on that fateful evening.
We got a Piña Colada and a Dark 'n' Stormy, both of which were decent (don't get excited).
One upside: if you have a student ID, there are quite a few discounts on drinks, and both were of reasonable size considering the mere £3.70 we had to shell out.
Ultimately, I guess you get what you pay for at Biblos, and we mean that in a bad way.
There are deals to be had here, but best to spend your money elsewhere unless you're in a hurry and are okay with a questionable meal and acceptable mixed beverage.

Biblos, as Ian A so rightly points out, is the kind of place you walk past a bajillion times before you actually realise you should probably check it out.
I walked past it on a twice daily basis for the best part of a year (I was going somewhere, I should add - I wasn't just walking past to gaze in longingly) and now, long after I stopped walking past it, the opportunity arose as we hunted a post-show drink.
Watching ice-dancing is enthralling but also you leave the performance feeling like you've been holding your breath for two hours straight and now seriously need to relax.
So we sauntered to the nearby Biblos.
What to say, what to say.
There was a sign on the wall saying that the upstairs space was reserved, but on asking it apparently wasn't, so we went up.
It has a nice interior and I was very comfortable, and I even actually took my actual coat off.
Yes, the Lizard Woman was warm enough!
But on the down side, it took a long time for anyone to come and take our order (oh he came around to gather up and whisk away the food menus, and when we said "we would like to order some drinks" he just waved the menus at us as though to say "Not my division.
I'm on gathering duty right now.
"  When we did order, it took a fair while to come.
Now then, there were really not that many of us - seven if I recall correctly - and most of the upstairs was empty, so why it should take so long to concoct our round (which included a lime and soda and a diet Coke; not the most challenging) is a mystery.
The arrival itself was also slightly confused and flustered.
Nevertheless, it's well located and comfortable, so it's far from being a write off.
Ditch the TV (look, I love the IT Crowd, but seriously, what is the point of showing a sitcom with no sound?
Football, yes, snooker, fine, but something that relies on dialogue?
), whip up the service a bit, and they could have a real winner here.
I worry that the good location excuses a little laziness; not for me it doesn't.

I think this is a brilliant example of running a bar based purely on location rather than on good quality of food and service.
I had doubtful pleasure to visit this place again after Michael Nyman's concert.
Food cold, drinks overpriced and poor service.
Staff was interested only in counting minutes until they'd finish their shift.
Very unpleasant experience.

I had passed Biblos many times and always thought it looked a really lovely, chic, relaxing place to eat but as it turns out, its not that special!
The decor is dark and depressing, the staff seemed dazed and confused and miserable as sin, the food was bland and the atmosphere unpleasant!
Sorry guys but I don't rate it highly!

