Stumbled upon Zucca one night when walking over to the Traverse.
At the time, the boy and I looked at the menu, looked at each other and promptly decided 'Valentines'.
The menu had plenty options for meat, fish and vegetarian eaters alike, it was hard to pick really what I wanted to try first!
For Valentines itself, there was a set menu for 28 quid (3 courses).
This little cafe/restaurant had their delivery down pat.
Although clearly preprepared, the food was of such high quality you could forgive them for working round what is such a high turnover night for restaurants.
The waiting staff (or at least the lady who served us) were discreet, and efficient, allowing us time between courses to pause but not to start to wander.
To the meal: as we sat down, my eye was immediately drawn to the table arrangement.
Now, I don't normally comment, but on the table was a little tray of salt, pepper and oil with just the smallest dab of balsamic vinegar.
It almost looked like a work of art in itself to match the flower arrangement and candle.
As it was Valentines day, I treated myself as the non driver of the night to a Valentines cocktail, a martini-based strawberry infused concoction, with (I swear) a hint of herb - basil?
Might have imagined it, but it was a delicious aperitif to start the evening.
I followed it up with a large glass of Nero D'Avolo, more of an acquired taste, which arrived the further I travelled down the glass.
The boy tucked into a rose prosecco, which was like a trail of bubbly lava going down the throat.
To the food - for starters, I had roasted Mediterranean vegetables with rocket while the boy had wild mushroom tart.
I think this was the only time I felt a pang of regret for the preparation style as the vegetables were refrigerator-cold, where I expected them to be even a little warm still.
Nonetheless, great texture, great flavour, and the mushroom tart tasted lovely as well, although the pastry was a little hard for the boys taste (re-warmed, we suspected).
We also tucked into warm rosemary foccacia (oh, so, so rosemary good, I haven't eaten bread this delicious in a while) and olives while we waited for our starter and took the opportunity to mop up olive soaked oil as well as the balsamic-dipped oil that had so caught my eye earlier.
Anyway, back to the main course, where I had a beautifully cooked piece of salmon, resting on top of a spring onion potato cake (you know that goosebump feeling you get when you tuck into slowly cooked, caramelised onions - well, this one would have had you at your knees) and sauteed spinach surrounded by a lake of creamy herb sauce.
The boy had ribeye steak in a green peppercorn sauce that in his words, melted in the mouth and he had never had a steak cooked so well.
My my, strong words, but I believed him.
A side of garlic foccacia bread had us stuffed to the gunnels, but in such a satisfied way.
Finally, we both had the passionfruit sorbet as a light finish to a sumptious meal.
I was expecting something sweet, but this sorbet was sharp as they come and super, super cold, having also been pre-prepared (frozen strawberries at the bottom were a giveaway).
Doused with prosecco, it was a welcome accompaniment to the sharp sorbet.
So in summary, Zucca, you are sharp as they come.
Highly recommended and definitely glad we chose you for our meal last night.

I'd walked past Zucca many times in the past and always made the same subconscious comment - "I must go in there, it looks cool.
"  Well, finally, after all this time, I went there - but only after being invited along by someone else!
We didn't have a great deal of time, being a 'business lunch' where discussing business was actually on the agenda (for a change), so we decided to try the 2 course menu offer for £10 which, I must say, did have a great selection of both entre/starter and mains from which to choose.
Service from the staff was excellent and the meals, which were served in a timely 'I don't have a great deal of time business lunch fashion, were above average to the taste and visually pleasing.
As it was lunch and mid week, the atmosphere was lacking, however I have no doubt that come Friday or Saturday night, pre or post theatre (its located right behind Usher Hall), the place would come to life.
Definitely worth a visit.

I went here for dinner with a couple of friends, I have to admit I wasn't all that impressed.
Yes the staff were friendly, which is nice, however I found the food uninspiring, average, and bland - and isn't that one of the main reasons you go out to eat, to have good food?
Maybe it's due to the fact that I've been watching a lot of professional master chef lately, but when I go out I expect to eat something that tastes great, which I would have trouble cooking on my own (I'm not a good cook so that isn't hard to do).
The food was just average, and kind of expensive for what you got.
We also ordered a bottle of wine, which was not cold enough - this is a pet peeve of mine...
I hate complaining about a place as everyone's experience is different, but there you have it (I had the chicken, maybe you'll have better luck?

A lovely little Italian hidden round the side of the the traverse theatre on Lothian road.
It's perfect for date nights as it has a lovely intimate atmosphere and the waiting staff are friendly and attentive.
Doesn't serve the normal pasta options you can get at any Italian restaurant in Edinburgh.
No, it serves pretty authentic meat and fish dishes mainly.
Scrummy!
And if you need to change or adapt one of the dishes slightly to suit your taste?
No problemo!
I also love the warmed, homemade bread they provide with an accompaniment of oil and vinegar.
Nice touch.

