Grand, well-known landmark of a pub, with huge tiled portraits and little booths.
OK for groups if they get there early-ish.
Its glory days have gone a little, sadly, although for film buffs, I believe a scene from the film Chariots of Fire was filmed here.
But at least it's not pretentious.

The Cafe Royal is a gorgeous bar and restaurant tucked away in West Register Street, directly behind Princes Street.
In fact, it's so tucked away that unless you went on a mission to find it (or got lost in the city's back streets) you could quite easily be unaware of its very central existence.
There are two parts to the Cafe Royal - the bar and the restaurant, both are equally wonderful.
The bar has a wide range of malt whiskies and an excellent menu (including the famed Cafe Royal Oysters, try them Rockefeller style), however it is usually incredibly packed - you would be very lucky to secure a table for yourself, most of the drinks I've had here have been at the bar.
The restaurant is an oasis of calm compared to the bar.
The food and service are both exceptional however this is reflected in the price of the menu.
The Cafe Royal is worth a visit just to check the decor of the bar, it is incredibly ornate with exquisitely painted Victorian tiles on the walls, stained glass windows and expertly carved wooden panels.
Bring tourists and out-of-towners here to impress them with the style and quality of Edinburgh's drinking holes!

The Cafe Royal is a brilliantly traditional pub and restaurant, located down a sneaky wee alleyway, which is actually a nice little oasis of cool pub establishments, as you've got Voodoo Rooms above Cafe Royal to go to as well.
The Cafe Royal is steeped in history (love the word steeped, have been trying to find somewhere to use it all day), having been around in its current location since 1863.
You can witness the evidence of the history steeping when you get inside and check out the stained glass and wood paneled interior, with the old fashioned bar and surrounding booths.
There are tons of whiskies and good ales to choose from, plus some really decent and hearty pub food options.
The Cafe Royal is famous for its amazing oysters, and the restaurant section next door to the main bar has a really tasty, very Scottish menu on the go.
A couple of other things to note - a restaurant scene from Chariots of Fire was filmed here, plus the place is apparently haunted, so ghost hunters, get yourself down here for some oysters plus spirit searching.

Super Laden mitten in der Altstadt von Edinburgh !
Lecker Essen und jede Menge Bier im Anstich.
Die Bedienung ist äußerst zuvorkommend und absolut fit im Umgang mit den Kunden.
Ab 11 Uhr ist die Bude voll mit Menschen.
Ein angeschlossenes Restaurant und eine kleine warme Karte für den Thekenbereich komplettieren das Angebot.
Fürs Restaurant unbedingt frühzeitig reservieren !!!

Cafe Royal is, hands down, the most gorgeous bar I have ever been in.
High ceilings, mosaics, beautiful old bar, well laid out.
As such, it is especially fun for a special occasion, but it really isn't the kind of place I find myself frequenting on a regular basis.
The beers are priced exactly as you would expect them to be in such an opulent setting, and the selection isn't terribly extensive, but is perfectly acceptable.
I've eaten here (in the bar) twice.
My fish and chips were amazing and I was thrilled to be given my very own bottle of vinegar so I could overdose as much as I liked.
My second eating experience was not quite as pleasurable.
The food was highly praised, but it was the service which has knocked off a star.
There were two of us, so we each ordered food.
However, when only my meal showed up, we asked the waiter about our other order.
He said he would check for us, and never returned.
I was appalled.
We waited 20 minutes before I finally went up to the bar because no one would make eye contact with us.
I explained the situation to the person who finally helped me, including the fact that we told our waiter what had happened and he never came back.
The saving grace was the fact that that member of staff literally ran down to the kitchen to see what happened and then sent us a free round of beers to make up for it.
This I appreciated SO much because it was a recognition that the original waiter handled the situation very poorly.
It is a shame, really, because every time I have come here the service is the only down point of the whole experience.
Despite that, the rest of the experience is really quite nice.
I've not eaten in the proper restaurant but my guy absolutely gushes about how amazing it is, so it looks like something I will have to try out one of these days.

I had to search for The Cafe Royal.
Cheryl C is absolutely right:   it is "located down a sneaky wee alleyway".
My son and I stopped by for a drink (thanks to Ian Rankin's recommendation in a Guardian podcast about Edinburgh).
What a beautiful place.
It is like walking through a time portal into the 1870s.
A lovely gentleman at the bar -- a retired banker in suit and tie -- told us about the Cafe Royal and its clientele.
I would have stayed to eat but it was a bit too up-scale for the university student.
He felt uncomfortable in the elegant surroundings and was the youngest person in the Cafe Royal by at least 15 years.
The famed oysters will have to wait for next time.

Great decor and atmosphere.
Had some good whiskey and beer here but disappointed we could not get a table to eat seafood after.
Still heading over to Seadogs was a pleasant surprise.
Review to come

for selfish reasons, i want to give this place 1 star.
i don't want too many ugly americans discovering it.
i'll go out on a limb and put my faith in my people and tell the truth:  it's a really, really great bar.
i'll just cross my fingers and hope you can't find it.
the food is amazing.
the soups are good, the mussels melt in your mouth, sandwiches reliably tasty...i've never had anything that was less than stellar from the menu.
usually a fairly quiet place to get a nice afternoon drink.
staff is friendly.
it's gorgeous inside.
sometimes a little difficult to get a seat.
just don't be an ass and hog the tables/booths for hours.
it's not nice.

Mmmm... Scotch and shellfish.
I expected this place ot be a tourist hell being that it's tucked just off Princes Street.
However, it seems to be a pretty serious local for many a Scotsman (and woman).
Because of this, I tried very hard not to rub off too much of my touristy-ness on anything.
Go.
Choose from the awesome array of Scotch.
Eat some oysters and maybe a mussel or two (they're the small ones just like I love!).
But for the love of all that is holy, please don't be a tourist about it.
We wouldn't want to ruin this place for the locals.

Wow...Cafe Royal is one of the best looking old-school pubs you can find in the capital.
Go here, seriously, you will walk away impressed!
Sure Cafe Royal is a bit touristy, but seriously I could spend hours staring at the elaborate plush interior.
It gets insanely crowded such that we couldn't get a table for dinner, but to be honest the food in the bar area did not look the best (though in the adjacent restaurant the food looked stellar).
Do come here for a drink or three though, you'll be glad you did!

If you like seafood, this is the place to go in Edinburgh.
From oysters to mussels to other delicious items on the menu, this was our favourite place in Edinburgh on our recent visit.
Make sure to make a reservation as they do get busy.

I've been in here to drink on numerous occasion over the last 20 years or so but last night was the first time I'd had a meal in the place so now seems like a good time to post a review.
The ale behind the bar is always in good nick and the service there is generally very good and we found this to be the case in the restaurant too as we were looked after by a particularly professional pair of wait staff (in fact the only negative for the whole visit really was the rudeness of a fellow diner who took no responsibility for causing our waiter to spill a whole caffe latte over the end of our table thereby putting the restaurant in the position of giving us a 3rd cheese board for free).
No one raised an issues with the food (for my part the beetroot & goats' cheese salad, fish & chips and very good cheese board were all of a high standard) and the 1kg of mussels was especially well recieved.
Definitely one of the jewels in Edinburgh's eatery crown.

I have to say that the Café Royal has to be one of my top 3 bars in Edinburgh.
You will pretty much regularly see me in there, either with friends or family.
My mum has always been a fan, from when she used to work at the Civil Service nearby - and there certainly are many regulars, (probably a lot who worked/still work for the government!
) who have been going for years and years!
You will pretty much see some form of politician in there at some point but don't let that put you off!
It has the most lovely oval bar in the centre (it is, in fact, not the original bust still lovely) - and the tiled painted decorations of various Scottish famous people around the room is lovely.
It's always busy - as it is a famous landmark of Edinburgh - so you're lucky to get a seat - but if you do get a seat at one of the round booths, even if you are sharing with others - it's even better - and you always end up talking to some random people!
It's a great place for people watching.
In a way, it has a similar vibe to the Crown Bar, in Belfast - which is now owned by the National Trust - but a great bar, so different from those around it!
I've only tried the bar food which is really nice.
Saying that some days are better than others!
However there is the Oyster Restaurant next door, and part of the Café Royal - does look stunning if you fancy a special meal.
The bar  selection is very varied and the rose wine selection is lovely.
Would highly recommend visiting if you've not been before!

I've always enjoyed the Cafe Royal, on my many visits.
They serve an excellent array on drinks, and their bar menu is tremendous.
The stars are, of course, their oysters, which are best served on ice, with nowt more than a squeeze of lemon.
Overall, we said: "I'd heartily recommend that you pay the place a visit, glug down and oyster or two, and savour the buzzing environment of another noble Edinburgh institution.

Oysters and a pint followed by a selection of pies....!
Why wouldnt I love this place!!!
This place is charming Edinburgh at its best, great staff, nice locals and some cracking wjiosky and gins!
Oysters Kilpatrick or Natural a massive favourite of mine!

One of the most beautiful pubs in Edinburgh, which is quite a feat.
Traditional Victorian pub yet at the more stylish end of proceedings, and tends to attract more of an after work crowd than other pubs in this category.
Oval bar in the centre, surrounded by booths with leather seats, tiled floor, ornate ceilings, brasswork, high windows, and the real highlight: tiled "paintings" of famous Scottish scientists and inventors.
Absolutely gorgeous interior all round, and a place that no visitor to Edinburgh should miss.
Has the usual booze offerings with about 4 real ales on tap, so something for everyone.
It's often referred to as the oyster bar because of its signature dish, which you can have in the bar or in the adjoining restaurant.
The only downside is that it gets packed out most days in the early evening or on weekend afternoons.
But fear not.
It's next door to another fine Victorian pub, The Guildford Arms.
Two of my favourite pubs in Edinburgh, right next door to each other.
Isn't Edinburgh a great city?

I have passed this place tons on my exploring Edinburgh trips, but have never had the chance to go until Thursday night.
From the front, it reminded me of my beloved Rogano as it shouts out seafood (and oyster bar in particular) and champagne.
I went in and found it so gorgeous inside - beautiful ceiling detail with the cornicing, oval bar and little booths around it.
I was only in less than an hour but it seems to attract an afterwork crowd - good and mixed of all ages which for me is the sign of a great bar.
Great choice of drinks - didn't try food but the chips that went passed looked and smelled fab so I intend to return and sample food!

This is a great establishment.
There are no drinks promos here but going by the atmosphere and clientele this is certainly a good thing!
This is more an older crowd so if you want to go for a drink with your folks, take a girl out and impress her or have a sophisticated night on the tiles with the ladies then this is the place to go.
The big old fashioned wooden bar takes centre stage and all round it are booths and wooden tables with a tiled floor - I always feel like I'm in a bar in Paris rather than Edinburgh just due to the decor and feel of the place.
With huge displays of fresh flowers dotted about this place it is such a pleasure to frequent this little gem.
They do a great bowl of mussels with lovely fresh bread to dunk into the sauce - delicious!!

I am a regular customer of this bar mainly as I am a lover of all things seafood.
Normally I will admit the food is very good - last night however the osyters we were given were dry in the shell, warm and well disgusting!
The waiter tried to rectify the situation but the next oysters brought out were warm, dry and gritty.
Awful experience!
We also ordered the seafood platter which costs £44 - for that you are thinking oooh this will be good!
Well....it wasnt anywhere close to being good value.
A small overcooked lobster, prawns in filo ala out of a freezer bag, 2 small scallops, some average smoke salmon with capers....that was it......!
Next time....when I want a seafood paltter...I will stick to Ondine!

As a lover of all things that have a historic significance, the Royal Cafe was a terrific find the other night to have dinner with friends.
I had seen it on my travels around town but could only get in on my final night in Edinburgh.
This historic pub almost met it's demise back in 1969 as a hotel bought the property that it stood on and they were ready to sell it to Woolworth's to be torn down to make a parking lot.
Well thank heaven the city and neighborhood got involved and blocked that sale so that today, people can still enjoy great food and drink in a historic building.
Take a close look at what look like paintings on the walls- they are really a collection of Dutch Delft tiles that combine to make a series of large pictures.
Really something!
They are known for lobster but I chose to have the salmon wellington which was like a deconstructed pot pie and was delicious.
My friend had the surf and turf special of the night which was also good.
We also enjoyed some of their fresh oysters, on this night they were Scottish Rock, a type I had never heard of but tasted like some of the east coast ones I am able to get in the States.
Service was quite good and since it started raining during our visit- they even called a cab for us and we sat comfortably at the table until the cabbie came into the restaurant to get us.
Loved the atmosphere, the history, but most importantly the food!
And whether you sit on the bar side with the huge round bar or on the restaurant side- you will be sure to have a great night out!

Went to the bar side for a quick lunch.
We had the Oysters kilpatrick to start and the fish stew and bangers and mash for main.
Oysters were very tasty (and mashed potato was used to hold them onto the plate!!!!
:P) as was the fish stew - not to watery, just the right consitency with a lot of seafood.
Bangers and mash were awesome (as mystery-random-meat always is...) with thick, sticky gravy covering all that is good.
Service was fantastic, waiter had had a long few weeks due to the Fringe but was still very attentive and we were never left without a drink in our hands.
Nom nom yum nom.

This is a really cool place to hang for a glass of wine and some decent pub-grub.
Great fish & chips - great service - super cool surroundings (love the tile paintings).
Seems like more local people than tourists but also feels welcoming.
A special note to West Coast (US) oyster people:  the oysters here are very huge and creamy, not briny at all - and there is no mignonette (only lemon wedge and Tabasco).
I did not find them appealing.
At all.
But i'm probably too stuck in my own expectation.
Don't order oysters 'Natural' expecting something like Hog Island Miyagis or Kumamotos (*sigh*).
If you don't have that in your head - they're probably quite nice indeed.

Popped in again today for lunch.
Have been in here for a lunch time bite several times and it never ceases to exist.
I've brought my parents and clients here, and it's a winner every time!
Food is very good, very well priced, good selection of beers and the rest.
It's especially hard to find somewhere simple and well priced at the east end of town, so put this on your list!
Add the beautiful period decor and you can't go wrong!

This is a stunning bar and restaurant.
In the middle of the Victorian type room is the huge circle/oval shaped island bar, and is a sight to see.
Let alone the ornately carved wooden fireplace, large mirror, high ceilings, and six huge ancient tiled murals on one wall.
From what I read the murals were done by and artist named John Eyre, and done in the 1880's, and later purchased by the bar when they opened.
I love pubs with a history, and this has it.
There is a bar area, and a separate dinning area in the back.
The bar is where its at for me though.
They have four cask ales, and a full menu so you can eat at the bar if you want.
One cask is always Deuchars IPA, the rest rotate.
A variety of  Kelburn and Stewart's Brewing have been available on my visits.
The casks are in good shape as well.
The food is great.
I usually have lunch here after walking around Calton Hill for a few hours.
Awesome seafood options.
The oysters, and mussels are top notch, fresh, and local.
Last time I had a Sea Bass Chowder that was excellent.
The chowder itself was good, but the huge fresh prawns that came with are amazing.
This place is great, and a pretty central location as well.
Very easy to get from the station at Waverly, Calton Hill, or even the Royal Mile.
Guildford Arms is right there as well, so a good spot to start a pub crawl if you want to explore the Rose St area.

This used to be my favourite bar in town, why?
It is suitable for absolutely anyone, apart from Jakeballs.
So lets review possible scenario  You are on a date/out with the Partner - cheeky pint of something local for him, lovely glass of red for her, sit in a booth or on one of the high tables and stare lovingly into each other's eyes while the non-obtrusive staff bring refills to your table, and you can order some nibbles to share.
Out with the parents or family - you want one of the booths, you could fit 6 around one of these.
Mum can try one of their fine Gins, while you and dad work your way through the beer range.
Old Dear starts talking nonsense?
You can start talking about the beautiful design of the bar, the history of the tile art work, or just pick up a paper and ignore her babbling!
After work beers/ out with the boys/girls?
This island bar is yours to conquer, elbow your way in and line the drinks up!
Worth noting that there are numerous good boozers within a stone's throw - two more in the same building (Guildford and Voodoo)  This place is a great spot for escaping town, its really warm, but open, and the staff are very good.
Their food is very good, renowned for seafood from the adjoining restaurant - though I prefer the burgers.
They stock a lot of local produce from seafood, to whisky and beer.

Beautiful decor and helpful waiters.
They know the dishes enough to recommend drinks that actually go well with them.
The first time I went, I had the "Scottish Venison" which was superb!
The venison was tender and very tasty whilst the red cabbage on the side was sweet and slightly sour.
Their muscles and oysters were fresh too.
During the second visit, I had the Cullen skink, which was quite nice and different to ones that I had in the past, as they had blended the haddock into fine pieces.
The waiter had recommended a lamb special, so I tried it out and was pleasantly surprised.
The lamb chops were very tender and they also provided a very nice fresh mint sauce.
As for desserts, I was amazed by their summer berries crumble.
It was mildly sour and quite sweet (just the way I like them).
Overall, I strongly recommend coming to this place, I'm definitely coming back when I return to Edinburgh some time in the future.

Very elegant pub with restaurant in Edinburgh.
We sat on the pub side.
Crowd was mixed with a fair share of suits but the place was not snooty.
Food is reasonably priced but 2 to 3 pounds more than other pubs.
Haggis was excellent as well as the pasta.
The place is always packed which attests to it's popularity.
A nice change from the usual pubs.

We recently dined there while visiting family in Scotland.
The food was very mediocre.
I ordered the salmon.
I took a couple of bites and knew it was NOT fresh.
I called the waitress and told her.
She said she would tell the chef.
They did not offer to replace the dish and charged us for it.
I became very ill in the night from the spoiled fish.
Not only was the food bad but the service and management was worse.
We would never go there again!

I quite like this bar.
Not too pricey for where its situated.
Staff pleasant.
Lovely place in the Summer months.
A lot if tourists use this bar.
I like to visit at least once a week to chill out.
I have never ate there but the people that have had a meal come back for more.
I like this place.

I came here on rugby day and thought it would be packed out, but in fact there was room to move and the bar staff were being pretty speedy with service (except for me, but I wasn't giving off "I'm waiting signals", so entirely my fault.
)  Often have I admired its opulence from outside (like a little Victorian waif pressing up against the grubby glass to watch a family eat roast beef) but I definitely chose the right time of year to come inside for the first time - my goodness me.
The opulence was raised another notch by beautiful Christmassy decorations - everywhere!
Those halls were well and truly decked, but in superb taste.
I felt that first twist of excitement at last!
Yes, I am one of those who gladly will embrace Christmas preparations as early as October... mid-November is definitely leaving it late for me...  As I stood there chatting away with my £1.05 lime and soda (not the most expensive I've had, but not the cheapest) a glorious aroma filled my nostrils... and past my eyes floated a plate bearing beautiful, golden and crispy-looking battered fish.
Oh, but it did look good.
I'll update when I've been back for food, but for atmosphere and decor, it's a firm and twinkly four from me!

A wonderful, traditional pub tucked off of Edinburgh's Prince's Street.
We sat in the restaurant area for an enjoyable, well-prepared and delicious meal.
For starters, the Scottish salmon & prawns were tasty.
The sweet potato chili soup was also satisfying.
For the main course, the Scottish venison and red cabbage was divine.
The Cambrian, herb encrusted lamb was also succulent and delicious.
Desserts were similarly satisfying.
Good beer selection, friendly service and impressive interior details circa 1861.
Enjoy a fine meal and a satisfying pour of ale here.

