As a vegetarian, very pleased with the range of options and quality of both food - flavoursome and filling portions - and the service - unobtrusive but prompt and professional.
Good choice of a wide ranging menu for all types of diners.
Never seen the place full - which it really deserves to be as the meals I have had there have all been excellent.
Nice decoration, and decent, but discreet, lighting - no straining to see the menu or wonder what is on the plate!
Good value for money.
Highly recommend for couples, with a few friends or as a big group - plenty of seating as well as a seperate dining area is off the main dining room.

I ate in Phuket Pavillion with some friends last year, and we all conceded that its service, food and atmosphere was flawless.
Phuket is an island off the coast of Thailand whose food, although characteristically Oriental, has its own unique style and flavour combinations.
The mood feels really relaxed and tranquil with soft lighting and gentle music, very fitting for the 'island' theme of the restaurant.
The menu is extensive with an ecclectic range of curry, seafood, duck and stir fry dishes.
I went for the chicken penang with egg fried rice which came in a filling portion and a hot, creamy sauce.
We all thought the food was great and it seemed to take no time at all to arrive.
Further, it's moderately pirce, only costing about £15 per person which makes it a viable option for a tasty meal out.

I agree with Gibson A, the service, food and price are all flawless!!
It's got such a strong atmosphere, you'll struggle to find one like this  anywhere else.
The staff are LOVELY, I feel proud to be able to give them credit on here because they deserve it.
The music is a bit dodgy though, I would have preferred something a bit more upbeat but hey, can't get everything right!!
I had the noodles with chicken in a pak choi sauce or something like that, and it was delicious.
Really fragrant and really tasty!
And reasonable!!
I'll be back

Phuket Pavilion is owned by a very charming man called Bill and his wife, and is temptingly right opposite my flat building.
Bill scores cool points because he's been to Lagos, where I'm from, and the menu isn't too shabby either!
It's extremely well thought out and one definitely isn't spoilt for choice.
The food, thai cuisine, includes several starters (over fifteen!
) as well as soup, duck, seafood, and curry specialities!
They've also got a long list of offerings for vegetarians, such as starters, soups and curry dishes.
The restaurant is quite large, and if one ventures in far enough, there's a room with a whole wall covered in a painting of a far away, warm tropical place that is definitely NOT Edinburgh.
Forgive the negativity, but the weather at the moment is quite depressing.
I'm off point.
A friend and I split the Gaeng Dang, which is a delicious red curry dish that we chose to have with King Prawns.
O.M.G!

We popped along to Phuket Pavilion after an evening of theatrical entertainment in the Barony Bar.
It served us very nicely, with my seafood dish proving particularly tasty.
Overall, we said: "Phuket Pavilion served us good quality dishes that met with approval round the table.
I'd be happy to pay it a return visit.

Having spent a good amount of time in Thailand we have had a chance to sample tons of great Thai food.
While some restaurants seem to cater their food to meet the western palate this one generally offers good authentic Thai food as it should be served.
The three of us ordered 2 curries and a Pad Thai.
The curry dishes were top notch, while the Pad Thai was overly sweet.
Service was very friendly.

myself and a bunch of co-workers headed here last night for a bit of dinner before a night out.
we booked our table for 6pm to take advantage of the very reasonably priced pre-theatre menu.
the menu also had a very nice selection of starters and mains with a whole separate set of options for the vegetarian people.
i had a brave moment when making my dinner decisions and veered from my favourite dish of pad thai and went for the green curry instead.
this was preceded by lovely fried triangles filled with prawn and crab meat with a sweet chili dipping sauce.
the triangles had a nice crispy texture and a good filling of minced prawn and crab meat that was very tastily seasoned.
my green curry (with egg fried rice) was very very tasty and a bit on the spicer side.
despite the extra kick of spice, i enjoyed my green curry very much and didn't miss my usual pad thai at all.
i'd happily go back and try some other dishes as everyone else seemed to be enjoying their dinner just as much as me.
i also need to comment on the excellent and very patient waiting staff.
we were greeted warmly when entering the restaurant and although there were other diners and we were clearly having a very wine flowingly good time, no one ever asked us to quiet down or stop expressing our merriment of a nice meal and drinks on a friday night after work.
this is always greatly appreciated as it's no fun to feel like naughty school children for having a proper laugh while enjoying good company just because you've been told to shush.
so many thanks to the lovely staff for understanding this.
the 4 stars instead of 5 was for their BYOB corkage charge.
£5 per bottle!!!!!
which they made sure to charge us for every bottle (about 6 i think) siting on the table that was open....  if they brought this down to £3 i'd happily give them the fifth star.

I've been reading a novel set in Bangkok and became obsessed with wanting some spicy somtam green papaya salad.
So last night, wanting a quick meal, noodles and salad were the perfect answer.
Phuket Pavilion is lovely - friendly staff, free prawn crackers (I'm not sure how Thai that is, but they're good!
) and tasty food.
I'll leave the pad thai review to Jason, the expert, but man, that somtam salad was spicy and fresh and delicious.
I want some more now....

I'm sorry to say that my experience here was not as good as most other reviewers.
Firstly before I even ordered I had to ask the waiter if he could turn down the horrible muzak that was blaring out only for a man I assumed to be the owner to turn it up again minutes later.
I ordered a vegetarian starter of veg wrapped in some kind of crispy parcel but they arrived dry, overcooked, and just a mush inside, not nice.
The main was better but still not exceptional, and this is quite an expensive place to eat, my bill for Veg starter and veg main with rice and a pineapple juice came to just under £20.00 and the plastic spoon offered to serve the rice with for me just about summed up the place, functional but not special.

I enjoyed my experience here.
The food was all delicious, the decor was nice - very Thai themed but not naff, and the service was ok.
I had steamed prawns to start and my partner had deep fried chicken and veg parcels.
They were both really tasty, you got a lot of large prawns - 8 I think and they came with a very spicy lemon chilli dip (if you're not a fan of spicy food I'd avoid that because I have a very high tolerance and my mouth was still stinging afterwards).
Boyfriend had a Pad Cha, a spicy chicken stir-fried dish with noodles and I had the Gaeng Dang mild red curry which was one of the tastiest dishes I have ever eaten!
There was a very big portion of curry and not that much rice so I would have preferred a better balance.
This place is quite pricey - infact I think the '££' at the top is a bit misleading, if you're going for dinner I'd say this is a '£££' place, we spent over £33 each for two courses (though that did include a bottle of wine to share).
But generally I thought the food was worth it, and I liked the little touches like having a carved carrot flower on the salad.
The cutlery is fancy and unusual too which I thought was a nice Thai touch.
You also get a bowl of prawn crackers included.
I didn't think the service was great to be honest - considering the other reviews I thought staff would be a bit more attentive but they must have been on an off night.
They weren't unfriendly but they weren't particularly nice either.
The order taking was rather rushed and I asked for a certain bottle of wine but was brought one that was a few pounds dearer - the girl who brought it did show us the bottle before pouring but I didn't remember the names and didn't realise it was a different one until later.
To sum up, I would recommend Phuket Pavilion for the food and the atmosphere.
The service was only ok on this occasion and the food was rather pricey.
I'd be more likely to return for a cheaper, lunch or pre-theatre menu.
Well the Gaeng Dang could maybe tempt me back for full price...

