Nice ambience and friendly staff make this a welcome addition to the New Town restaurant scene.
A good quality, well priced wine list (including two rose when many places mysteriously only manage one)sets off well the food menu (half a dozen reasonably priced starters, 8 or so main courses leaning strongly towards the top of the £9 - £15 bracket, 3 cheaply priced salads, half a dozen medium priced side-orders and a handful of mid-price desserts (cheese £5.90)).
My duck was melt-in-the-mouth tender and the ginger infused sauce a delight whilst the side order of green beans were cooked to perfection.
Desiring more than one type of veg with your main dish could though start making thigs quite pricey so sharing is a good idea.
The lemon tart with blackcurrant coulis was a pleasant dessert and the Spanish rose washed it all down well.

Superb, always consistent great food!
I recommend the duck and the calamari!
One of my favourite places in the city!

It's true that Edinburgh has more than its fair share of  'modern european' eateries.
And there's no denying that this is yet another one to add to the list.
But the plus side of this is that the competition among them means that the good ones are usually extremely good.
Iris is the newest addition to this collection on Thistle Street.
Although their Á La Carte is a little too expensive for what it's worth (hence only 4 stars and not 5), their set lunch menu offers great value for money.
I'd highly recommend their Mussel starter - it comes with toaste pine nuts, bacon and fresh basil cream.
It'll have you racking up the hours in the gym in the days that follow, but it's so worth it!

Iris is the latest addition to the Thistle Street restaurant scene.
Situated on Thistle Street, Iris is right in the centre of the New Town area of Edinburgh and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.
Iris is really small from the outside, and walking past it I didn't think it was a restaurant at all.
I came here a few weeks ago with my parents for lunch and we had a wonderful time.
Iris's menu offers a decent choice of authentic British dishes such as steak, lamb and roast duck.
I had the scallops for a starter which were really beautifully cooked and served with ham which tasted amazing.
I then had salmon with anchovies and tomatoes which was gorgeous - I didn't think I liked anchovies, but they tasted amazing with the salmon - yummy!
The portion sizes are really decent and the prices are super reasonable too, with two courses costing about £11, and a three course meal costing £15 - what a bargain!!
Iris is a great place to go for a wonderful tasting meals at amazing prices.

Nice restaurant in the cozy street, thistle street.
Modern and clean place, with a lot of guests at a wednesday.
Food was great, modern, simple with a good flavors.

I was blown away by Iris, when we visited.
Thistle Street is one of my favourite eating and drinking districts in Edinburgh, and this place only served to increase my adoration.
Overall, we said: "Iris offers extremely high quality food, in swish surroundings, with excellent, friendly, knowledgeable service.
The only other person I've heard extolling its virtues is ardent Yelper Jurgen, who is a great fan of the place.
I'd like to confirm that I will be joining Jurgen's chorus of appreciation, as the place is something really very special.
It shines bright in a street of precious Edinburgh jewels.
I'd suggest you pay it a visit soon.
You will be richly rewarded.

We just ate here on a whim, sure that all these great reviews could not lead us astray.
Two hours later, we have our answer: Yelp has failed us.
Our starter was given away to the table behind us (with no apology, though we could clearly hear the servers discussing the mistake), my husband did not get the menu item he ordered, and my dish (lamb rack) was hardly tasty enough to make up for the tiny portion and eternal wait.
When we got our bill, the server left us with the credit card machine for so long that we finished the process ourselves and had to leave the machine on the table.
I think most of these issues could be solved with more employees.
I'd steer clear of Iris until they get more and/or better staff.

As a regular visitor to Thistle St, I had perused the menu at Iris once or twice on the way to the Bon Vivant.
After reading JD's blog and seeing the picture of the duck dish, I booked for a friend's visit to Edinburgh.
Our food was excellent.
Having already had mini bites and wine late afternoon at the BV, we went for a main and pud.
The duck was beautiful - cooked pink, decent sized portion and the raspberry sauce added a lovely sweetness to the duck which didn't over power.
You do have to order sides separately, so we went for winter vegetables and sweet potato wedges with chili and coriander mayo.
Winter veggies were lovely and cooked to perfection but the sweet potato wedges and mayo was divine!
Seriously, we both loved this dish  and I would even go back to have this side on its own as a drinking munchy snack.
Pud's were good - I'm GF so the cakes were off limit but I had a (warm) plum compote which was normally served as part of the crumble with vanilla ice cream.
It was decent enough but not wow, though this can be tricky with puds which are GF.
My friend loved her key lime pie.
We were around £60ish for two courses each (main and puds+2 sides which you order separate to your main), 2 soft drinks, a bottle of red (lovely).
Probably not the cheapest meal but it was very good quality and would be good for a treat or if they do set menu's which other reviews have suggested (just not when we were in).
Staff were friendly and service was good.
Atmosphere wise, we probably weren't in the best place - we sat at the side near the door, so you would get a bit of a draught and it was a bit of a tighter space, so if you book in advance, it is probably worth asking for a table in the main part of the restaurant.
So, well worth a visit

