It can be all too easy to be blissfully unaware of Snax, tucked in behind Princes Street and it was only by chance that I ended up there at 6.30am in the morning after a long night on the town, finishing off at neighbouring pub Penny Black.
A night of drinking made me feel ravenous but I was fortunate that I was sober enough to enjoy a full cooked breakfast for the very modest price of £2.70.
Snax offers fantastic value for money with 2 sausages, 2 rashers of bacon, 2 eggs, black pudding and a roll all included in the full breakfast price.
The café assistant was also kind enough to give us extra eggs and rashers because he had cooked too many.
Further, my vegetarian friend who had the vegetarian cooked breakfast was also in agreement that Snax offers great food for a very good price.
Snax also offers food for those on the go such as bacon rolls or sausage rolls, which are too very reasonably priced.

I'm not sure what all fuss is about with Snax.
Sure, it's as cheap as anything you'll ever get, but it tastes cheap too.
The eggs are disgusting, the sausages tasteless and the ketchup seems to tastes like a mixture of vinegar and soap.
I know people go here for hangover food because, at under three quid for a breakfast, you can't really argue.
But you know, I feel like it's worth spending a little bit extra and getting something a bit better.
I've been to the bigger brother of this snacks on Buccleuch Street a couple of times and my experience was no better.
This place is just the same, but with fewer seats.
I mean, you really do get what you pay for.
Reserve for only the very worst hangovers.

3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the price.

We've popped in to sample Snax's stodgy delights on many an occasion.
It's very reliable, good at what it does, and cheap as chips.
Overall, we said: "Snax is not catering to the sophisticated palette, but its brand of hot and hearty comes in surprisingly handy on Scotland's "scorching" summer days.
It's well worth popping in, saying hello to the ever cheery staff, and partaking of their warming wares.

Extremely kind and helpful staff!
Food was fantastic too.
My wife is allergic to Gluten, and they went well out of their way to make sure she had a good full meal that was safe for her to eat.
Thanks, Snax, for making Edinburgh a friendly town for travellers!

Informal, small storefront that efficiently turns out breakfasts and lunches to order.
Located within steps of Princes Street and the Balmoral Hotel.
Visited for breakfast and 'ate in'.
There are several small, dingy countertops for eating at.
The staff is extremely friendly and efficient at making breakfasts to order.
Coffee is strong and fresh and meals are filling, tasty and a good value.
Glass cases have spilled foods / sauces inside and the floors / tables are in need of a good cleaning.
Service is friendly, fast & efficient.
Food is generally a good value, hot and tasty but best suited for take away.
This place attracts a mixed crowd from backpackers, to businessmen, to construction workers, to tourists, to retirees.

Thank you to the doorman at The Balmoral for sending me to Snax - exactly what I was looking for - good, quick, hearty breakfast to get me started on my first day in Edinburgh.
Hot, fresh, simple and delicious food, very friendly staff, and a great neighborhood vibe!

