I used to go to The Filling Station as a kid and always thought it was great.
Once grown up though, it doesn't seem as good.
It is almost a cheap imitation of the likes of Hard Rock Cafe and TGI Fridays.
The menu is full of burgers, steaks, pastas, salads and sandwiches.
We went in one lunch time when they were offering a cheap lunch deal.
I had fish and chips which were too much like Birds Eye fish and McCains chips for my liking.
I have been on other occasions and had a burger which I was quite happy, so it earns an extra star.
The service is usually quite quick and friendly which earns it another star.
Overall there ain't much to make this restaurant better than mediocre.

I popped in here a few weeks ago with G-Bot for breakfast, it was too early to go for lunch and I really wanted a full breakfast with some pancakes.
As we were walking along Rose Street we saw a group of people eating a fry up outside this branch of the Filling Station so we decided to venture in.
I opted for a bacon roll and pancakes and G-Bot got the Caledonian Breakfast.
I'm not going to lie, it wasn't the best breakfast I've ever eaten and the pancakes were a little bit measly but my bacon roll was delicious as the roll it came in was delicious as it was soft but slightly crispy at the same time.
The girl serving us was nice but the service was more help-yourself-to-a-menu sort of style which was fine for me as I just wanted a basic brekkie.
Rather average but fairly tasty and I liked to laid back atmosphere too.
The toilets were also very clean and much more modern than I'd expected.

It won't win many, or perhaps any, awards for culinary style or innovation, but on a recent early morning stroll in the capital we were delighted to find that The Filling station was the only place in sight doing a full breakfast, and so gave it a whirl.
It was pretty good, even if the black pudding did taste a little dungy, but it was huge and along with some pancakes it put us in fine stead for a brisk day of sightseeing.
I was also glad that they remembered to remove the revolting baked beans from the plate, the scourge of many a good breakfast.
Another good mark in my book, for a much maligned yet perfectly alright restaurant chain.

Staff were nice and friendly when I came here but I wouldn't go again for food and as this one is more of a place to eat than drink (unlike the one on the High St) I really don't have any reason to try it again.
I had the worst carbonara I've ever tasted.
It reminded me of tinned macaroni which isn't the best either but at least it doesn't set you back seven pounds.

Not worth coming back I think...eh, I known!
Overpriced food and most drinks.
Reason they can survive doing this: they live from one-off customers who come to visit the city...

This review is based on several visits as a couple and lastly on a visit with a Christmas night out.
of around 30 people.
American diner, serving American style food in reasonable to big portions.
Alongside cocktail and American style beers (and Tennent's) Should I stop here?
I could.
Perhaps I should not to put you off.
Still interested?
OK.
The place is big, 2 floors and 2 bars and many tables and booths.
The main bar on the ground floor is where the till works, the downstairs bar it has been kaput for absolutely donkeys years.
So when eating downstairs you need to order at the table (group of 4 or less?
no sweat) or go upstairs and wait, wait, wait... wait some more to get served.
Just for your information, a corona is £3.95 - yes .. a pint of Guinness is £3.20 - Pretty expensive for an MotR American diner.. We were on a prepaid meal of about 30 people we didn't want the hassle of divvying up the drinks bill so we had to go to the upstairs when thirsty.
This lead to many people arriving to cold starters or mains..  Granted they offered to open a bill per table, but unbeknownst to us we opted for ordering at the bar..
The food was well received (especially the salmon and pesto pasta) but mostly bland.
Or overuse of sauce (do I taste BBQ sauce - again?
) salads and coleslaw sides - nah.
The food service was speedy and accurate (remembering each dish ordered belonging to whomever ordered it as a preorder.
well done!
)  however i will not be back in a hurry.

Would I come back.. hmm, no.... well... no...
I don't want to say I wouldn't be back because this place is awful.
It's not... it's just that there are so many other places that would probably be better deserving of my pounds...
So, it's a Monday morning.
My husband has decided to go hike Arthur's seat with a friend who ran up it and then came back down to meet him to walk up it.
Yes.
That dude did it twice in one day.
I am a firm believer of know-your-limit-play-within-it, so I went to breakfast with the others instead.
Wonderful breakfast mates who wanted to shop after.
Place is empty.
We get seated in a booth and brace ourselves for the American-ness of this place.
Meh.
It's a regular restaurant.
I had the sausage and egg sandwich and an Americano.
That's easy.
One friend got the vegetarian breakfast minus the eggs (she's not, but was eating healthy to fit in her wedding dress) and her hubby-to-be got the bacon and egg sandwich with a side of hasbrowns.
He asked what kind of hashbrowns they had.
Our server looked at him like he asked what animal chicken eggs come from.
I could feel the you're-dumb glare.
She said they were fried.
Still didn't explain: we were going more for are they homemade, are they potatoes just fried, are they packaged?
I guess she thought we would know what American hashbrowns would be?
For future, they have the disc kind, like the ones from McDonalds.
Deep fried and good...   My sandwich was okay... my sandwich was just sausage and eggs.
I don't know what I was expecting, but it's exactly as they say on their menu.
It's sausages stuffed into a bun with an egg.
My egg was a little runny, which I like.
It was just ordinary.
It sufficed... the bun was a little sweet which worked well for the sandwich.
The place is good enough.
Kind of expensive for what it is.

