Oh wow!
I can't believe no one else has reviewed this place yet!
I've been here twice and it was amazing both times.
R and his family have been going here for a while now and love the place.
We'll be back in Edinburgh in a week and there's a chance we might be having dinner here one night so I'll be writing an updated review soon since it's been two years since I've been here.
I'm hoping it's as good as I remember.
If memory serves, they make the most amazing Chicken Korma...wow my mouth is watering already!

The Khukuri is an excellent Indian restaurant which serves amazing food and has friendly, efficient service to match.
I came here with my flatmates late last year and we all thought it was great value for money considering what a good time we had.
The restaurant itself feels quaint and cosy with neatly laid out tables, relaxing decor and some of the most friendly staff you could ask for.
The menu has an extensive range of authentic Indian dishes and prides itself particularly on the quality of its meat.
I went for the lamb Rogan Josh which had tender chunks of lamb in an aromatic and flavoursome sauce.
They also serve big, filling portions of rice to go with their main dishes.
We spent less than a tenner each when the final bill came which we all thought was excellent deal.
This place is definitely worth a look!

If I'd not eaten out again in town the night after I was here this past weekend I'd have thought I was maybe out of touch with prices through making use of deals and vouchers over the past few months.
At £24 per head for only main courses (3 curries, 3 rice and one naan) and beers this was more than I'd paid in quite a while but it does seem to be out of the ordinary thankfully, at least when you're missing out both a starter and a dessert.
No complaints about the food itself, or for that matter the service although the waiting staff did seem to have the odd problem understanding my German guests (both of whom have an excellent command of English) so they're maybe used solely to Edinburgh accents.
I will not though be back here anytime soon.

The food is good and the staff true Nepalese, friendly and soft spoken.
This brings me back to my time in Kathmandu

A nice little restauran tfor which I've never yet had to book a table.
Food good, service excellent and very reasonable.
The dishes are mostly indistinguishable from Indian food but the ocassional nice surprise on the menu.

A wee Nepalese place that never struck me as one worth trying till my team leader got us there twice for lunch, and how glad I was for his recommendation!!!
The first time we had à l carte dishes, so I opted for the (very generous) lamb biryani, which I found only 2nd best for the variety I have tried in Edinburgh!!
Some guys ordered the Nepalese beer named Khukuri  (Khukuri stands for the traditional Nepalese blade), and they were impressed of the gentle and refreshing taste it has (brewed in London).
For our second visit we tried out the excellent lunch deal £7.95 for two courses or £8.35 for three (where the third dish is either a coffee or a simple home made dessert).
You have quite a decent choice for main dish, and both the naan bread and chapati were very tasty!
There was also a mouth-watering starter, Sekuwa, which you definitely need to try, grilled chicken with spices and an awesome sauce!!
In both cases I had Mango Lassi, which helps balancing whatever spicy curry you will get (recommended over a beer!).
The service was very good in both cases, and the prices are very reasonable!
Now I need to decide what dish to try next!!

I went here with a large party, and the staff treated us like royalty.
They brought out a number of starter dishes so we did not have to choose everything by single person (even accommodating for the vegetarians).
They also have such a variety of dishes that when it came time to order for 15 people, the staff were very patient.
The food was great, served with some Nepali beer, and a variety of rices and naan.
The owner even gave us (all 15) a small desert on the house because we were celebrating a birthday.
They even wrote out a card!
Overall the dining experience was great and matched the food as well.
I highly enjoyed it.

