It isn't often that an average Jo (or Jen) like me gets the chance to enter, and review, the Signet Library.
For the month of August, this library normally exclusively for lawyers, hosted the Pommery Champagne bar.
So I was lucky enough to have a very good value champagne afternoon tea (see uploaded photo) in the historical, decadent setting.
The SIgnet's own website were offering deals of either £25 for a champage tasting, or £19 for two people to have champage afternoon tea.
For £9.50 each you got a large glass of champage, sandwiches, traybakes and a cupcakes, and tea or coffee.
The food was absolutely delicious.
Very fresh, happy to accomodate our desire for no egg, and the tray bakes were mmmm.
Also it was a very reasonable portion so we didn't leave feeling overly fed.
Perfect.
The generous glass of champage was also a real treat.
So for the month of August 2011 I'd highly recommend going to their website and printing off the deal to treat yourself.
Great value for money.
The library itself reminded me of my old University of Glasgow law library.
Gorgeous interior, period decoration, large portraits of eminent lawyers on the walls.
A gorgeous setting for the Pommery pop-up bar.

Attended a very well organised and catered wedding function here last weekend.
Heritage Portfolio kept everyone well supplied with champagne before & after the meal and with wine throughout it.
The dinner itself was first class, particularly the steak which practically melted on the tongue.
No idea what you'd pay to have your event here but my guess is that you'd not feel it wasn't money well spent, given the professionalism of the staff and the excellent surroundings.

Gorgeous setting for starters.
Last year (like this year) I escaped the Burgh at Festival time but had missed going to the champagne bar so this year, I was determined not to miss out and had my table booked a month in advance.
The Pommery Cafe Bar, hosted in conjunction with the Signet Library is a month long (Festival) pop-up bar offering champagne.
This year, the menu was extended beyond afternoon teas to seafood platters and lobster and wedges.
The Signet Library as Jenny L. mentioned, offered various vouchers for money off certain deals and these were valid throughout the month.
For a budget visit, there were also offers on such as Twitter Tuesdays (15% off for tweeting pics/tweets about the Pommery) and Wedges Wednesday (Wedges and Glass of Champagne for £10).
Lobster and wedges were £20 (normally £30 without the voucher) and they were fab.
The lobster, although not the Boston portions I had reported on recently, were still decent portions and tasted fresh and delicious.
The wedges are a small portion (still tasty with proper garlicky alioli) so don't come ready to eat your arm off.
We had a seafood platter as a starter and it was decent enough to feed three of us with drink munchies.
Prawns, smoked salmon, beetroot salmon, trout, mackerel pate, bread and salad were all lovely and certainly were a good sign of things to come (sadly, I didn't take a picture).
Champagne is available by the glass, bottle or magnum.
I think the magnum is around £110, a bottle is average £52 and a glass around £11.
We opted for a bottle (can't not drink champagne in a champagne bar) and it was lovely (an autumn blend).
We all thought the Cafe Bar was lovely and 'done' very well, with friendly staff but great service.
Given demand at the Festival time, we weren't all squashed in and there was lots of room between tables.
The setting was just stunning with the blue decor and given that I 'read' for a living, then I loved being surrounded by books.
A great chance to see somewhere that is not normally open to the general public.
Note: I'm also Gluten Free but everything (lobster, wedges and seafood minus bread) was ok for me to eat :)

A great place to escape from all the hustle & bustle during the frivolities of August.
Champagne by the glass, 250ml Pop bottle or share a bottle of magnum with some nibbles....
Very civilised.
Highly recommended- make sure log onto their website for the afternoon tea or lobster voucher if you're planning something more substantial than nibbles.

Every August the Signet Library is a 'pop-up champagne bar' called the "Pommery" An outside caterer sets up an exclusive, reservation only meeting point in one of Edinburgh most elusive and private areas - The Law Library on Parliament Square in the Old Town.
Just of the Royal Mile, but not so easy to spot is the library building.
In itself it is unassuming.
The Pommery adds an terrace, parasols and a canopy.
A nice French affair.
You have a doorman, a host (or two) a Maitre D and some ladies that walk around serving and popping corks on the numerous bottles of Champagne served out to their guests and visitors.
All impeccably dressed - the server ladies wear a t-shirt with the slogan 'can I pop your cork?
' - cheeky!
(but, yes thank you!
)   It is indeed a wonderful affair, especially when the light is getting dimmer.
A surreal clash of blue and pink light reflected in a mirror ball against the age-old library hall bows, ladders leaning on the book cases in their alcoves and historic splendour.
Impressive setting.
Drinks and food are reasonably prices and service is efficient, though a little chaotic at times.
They have free wifi for the duration and allow you to wonder around the building.
They also have weekly compettitions on social media websites to win a meal or vouchers.
i would definitely visit again as they are creating the all important exclusive atmosphere and this is one place that keeps its visitor numbers to a containable volume.
I very much like.
- See you next year!

