Excellent for lunch or dinner, with extremely authentic decor.
Popular with the local business crowd so pre-booking is a must.
Knowledgeable & friendly staff make dining here a very pleasant experience & it won't be long before I go back.

Flawless really.
Great service, excellent food, classic setting.
Looking forward to next time (and hoping there is one).

Yum Yum and Yum..
I had been meaning to go here for quite some time when Cafe St Honoreès chef Neil Forbes made some food at the Edinburgh Farmers Market.
I loved it.
So, as apart of the Yelp Eats offer, I made my reservation here on the first day of the offer to see what it would be like.
I felt as though I had gone back to paris, the mirrored walls with the lighting and decor felt like a true french cafe.
As I arrived, I had no problem being brought to my table, and with theyre expectation of my arrival they knew where I would sit right away with my candle lit.
The service was great, after I ordered my wine my glass never went empty.
However, they didn't seem as though they were hovering.
They were also very organized with the Yelp Eats Menus and had them printed and ready to give to us.
I ordered the Pumpkin Soup whilst my boyfriend ordered the Game Terrine.
I was happy with my choice since as delicious as his starter was, I didn't realize his game would be cold.
Obviously I didn't know the definition for terrine but generally when people say game I say 'yes please!
'   The soup was perfect, amazing texture and so buttery and smooth.
I don't think I could have improved it in any way.
For the Mains we both enjoyed the Plaice.
It was a full fillet and was cooked perfectly.
It was served with watercress and potatos.
I was very impressed with the way the fish was cooked since the bones were still in, but you could pull the meat apart without munching on any bones (not ideal date food etiquette) but as i said, this wasnt the case!
I finished with a artisan roast coffee (jennys fav!, haha)   Overall the staff were fantastic, very friendly and even offered to order us a cab afterwards to get us home as we got our bill.Great evening, go here!
I'll definitely go back soon

I really enjoyed the food, and thought the Yelp Eats menu was good, but it lacked a little something for me.
We summed it up: "we can't argue with the quality of the food on offer, so we'd recommend you make a visit, soon.
When you do, we hope you find the place imbued with a slightly livelier spirit than we found on our visit.

This is really a delightful restaurant.
It has all the style and ambience of a real traditional Parisian restaurant.
The food is freshly prepared daily from local suppliers and really is top notch!
I am not a fan of meat cooked really rare but my two companions both ordered the steak and were extremely impressed.
The tartlet I ordered to start and chicken for main was delicious and very moist!
My cousin (all the way over from Sydney was really impressed, as he felt it really special place to get taken too for a celebratory meal).
I must admit, the only down point on our last visit (I've been a few times) was that a large group of people were seated next to us, so we felt the service kind of lacked and spoiled the atmosphere a little bit.
Saying that, we did have an enjoyable evening, I just feel it's a little too small for large groups.
It's certainly more for an intimate evening - and definitely will be very busy come Valentine's day!
I would definitely recommend this hidden gem - and watch out for the lovely harley davidson parked up outside - that made my night!

Funny thing about Edinburgh .
.some of the best food I had on my trip was at French restaurants and not Scottish!
And Cafe Saint Honore was no exception!
Located a little off the beaten path (the address says Thistle Street but it's more on an off shoot alley of Thistle but that may be just how they do it here) Cafe Saint Honore did it up right for me on my last night in Edinburgh.
This charming place is quaint mixed with some Old World Charm that makes it the perfect place for a special dinner or date.
We sat on the main level in the front room and had both excellent service and excellent food.
The bread comes up warm and crunchy served with fresh butter.
The wine list is not huge but large enough where you can find something that is perfect for your evening.
It was warm on the night we were there and the house Sauvingon Blanc, while a little fruity, was quite good.
For my starter I went with the risotto with goats cheese and my friend had the pork rillette.
Both were good and very flavorful.
I had the sea bream served over vegetables as my entree and my friend went with the lamb.
Here again- they were cooked perfectly with plenty of contrasting flavors.
For dessert they served something of a deconstructed strawberry shortcake and clotted cream.
Delicious!
Somehow the berries in Scotland are so much sweeter tasting than the ones I get at home.
A lovely restaurant, a lovely setting.
If you like French food- Cafe Saint Honore should be on your list to try.

I will admit, I was a little apprehensive about dining at Saint Honore.
First, the location.
When I looked up the map on my iPhone, I was kind of shocked to see it located in an alley.
Of course, I thought perhaps it had the location wrong.
However, the approach was right, and I was even more skeptical walking down a dark, wet alley past the backsides of other restaurants and garbage bins toward the end of the street.
Finally, we saw a lit storefront, and there was the cafe!
The menu changes daily, and the offerings may turn some off as they seem to be quite specialized for the day.
However, we were very happy to have stayed.
I had the lamb, which was roasted perfectly.
It was served with a piece of rolled lamb's belly (in the style of a rolled pork belly) and fried.
My friend had veal, which was very nice in a mustard sauce.
Both dishes were well prepared, and very tasty.
For dessert, I had a chocolate tart which seemed to be of a classic French style, and my friend had a Rhubarb tart which looked more like a Bakewell style tart.
Again, both very nice, and very delicious.
Overall, an excellent meal, even with a curious location.

I ate in here almost a year ago, and had always planned to write a review.
At the time, I was not on yelp, so I think I reviewed it elsewhere, but I felt now that I'm yelping all the time, I should pay tribute to this outstanding eatery.
Set in Thistle Lane, this restaurant offers not only outstanding cuisine and service, but a truly memorable dining experience.
I was there with a party of 8 - and the first thing that impressed me was the service; efficient, friendly, quick - some of the staff are like magicians, performing slight of hand, refilling your glass without you even noticing.
The cuisine served here is what you'd expect from a French restaurant, but what it manages to do so very well, is have an authenticity that you'd be hard pushed to find outside France itself.
Having lived in the aforementioned country for a year, I'd consider myself well-versed in genuine Frenchness, and this delightful eatery gets it bang on.
Put simply, they know what they are doing here - everything is cooked with flair, charm and skill.
The service is among the best I've ever received.
If you're in Edinburgh, and want a meal out that feels like a special occasion, this is definitely nombre une!
An amazing sensory experience!

I was expecting big things from Cafe St Honore, having heard only compliments about it and I have to say it didn't quite live up to those expectations.
That's not to say I didn't enjoy it.
it was all very good, just not the jaw-dropping experience I was hoping for.
As a mitigating circumstance, the entire upstairs of the restaurant was taken up with one party of about 30 which seemed to be distracting them a little.
Considering this the atmosphere and the service were very good, although they did bring my brother the wrong starter, something that wasn't even on the menu.
Not quite sure how they managed that but it was all sorted out very easily.
The other thing is that I probably chose the wrong things off the menu.
It's not a big menu - 4 starters, 4 mains - and has a few very seasonal options on it which is always a good thing.
I went for a fishcake of some description (I don't remember what the varieties of fish in it were, definitely salmon plus a couple of others) which was probably a mistake.
A fishcake's a fishcake to be honest no matter how much you tart it up and is never going to be that exciting.
However, it did come with razor clam which I've never tried before and loved which made up for the fishcake which was just a little bland.
I had Venison as a main course (again quite a boring choice) which came with a potato rosti and some kind of red cabbage and spinach.
The venison was delicious and cooked perfectly but as a whole I felt the dish was lacking something.
The rosti wasn't up to much so it was lacking a base a little.
Whereas I perhaps chose the wrong things, my girlfriend chose differently and loved everything she had so probably I should have had something else.
Anyway, I'm looking forward to having another crack at it and picking more wisely.

Last time I was here must have been 15 years ago and the interior hasn't changed a bit.
An Edinburgh institution, the mirrored walls and old-fashioned turn of the century decor is like stepping into a time machine.
The menu has changed though, updated with a lighter hand and more local produce in evidence.
I was with a small group for a Christmas dinner, and we were all very satisfied with our meal.
I started with Stornoway black pudding salad, perfectly cooked.
most and flavourful.
A classic beef bourguignon  to follow with the meat almost melting in your mouth.
Christmas pudding and cardamom ice cream rounded off the meal nicely, although I was casting envious glances at the cheese selection - definiately looked like a winner.
Despite it being a Saturday night and full, service was excellent, from the moment we stepped in.
Still one of the best city centre restaurants if you fell like a treat.

This place has been on my 'to do' list for ages and I finally had the chance to come for a bank holiday lunch with a friend of mine.
I liked it!
The atmosphere was probably more intimate rather than lively and the service was friendly and top notch and they were more than accommodating when i wanted to choose food from 2 different menus.
The food was of excellent quality.
I liked the dense, warmed bread given at the start.
Nice touch.
My confit of duck was lovely, crispy skin and fell off the bone the way it should.
I just wish it had come with the traditional puy lentils instead of mustard mash but that said, I ate every scrap and enjoyed it!
My friend had the pork belly and said it was delicious.
The menu is very fishy so if you don't like fish or seafood you might struggle with the food choices as its a smallish menu.
However I managed to find something i really wanted from both the al a carte and bistro lunch menu and they were happy for me to pick from both.
The wine wasn't too expensive, there was a good range for every price bracket.
Would recommend.

Cafe St Honore, it's been on the bucket list for a long time so was delighted to have an excuse to visit this week with a few friends.
Chef Neil Forbes has established himself as one of the countries too chefs, known from local produce and sustainability.
From Slow Food to the Sustainability Restaurant Association he has been a vocal advocate of all that's good about Scottish food right now.
The setting feels like a village bistro is the Loire valley, the service is attentive but relaxed and the wine list is balanced from affordable to the slightly more extravagant.
The Cafe have a Classics menu which changes on a seasonal basis and it's has to be said it really is a delight.
At £18 for two courses or 3 courses for £23.50 available all night it's also a bargain.
For my starter I opted for the hot smoked mackerel salad.
I am a fan of all things smoked it has to be said but this salad was so light and the fish was delicious.
The balance of the flavours with the peppery rocket was well.....nom!!
Not the most eloquent word but you get it.
For main I went for a superb dish of plaice, one of my favourite fishes to find it on a menu for this price was a lovely surprise.
Served on creamed leeks with a potato rosti and bacon the balance was as you would expect from this chef just right!!
The other main on the menu which I tried and loved so felt I had to share was a venison cottage pie.
Tradition with innovation and local produce.....for me that sums up this place.
I am for sure going to come back and try the a la carte but for now I will just reminisce and enjoy the memory of my lovely meal.
In the end Cafe St Honore come Highly JD Recommended!

