The first thing that struck me about this place is how busy it is.
They've 3 staff here, yet they're always busy and there's always a queue, which is always a good sign for a shop.
I've never seen a butchers in my whole life this busy and this is because it is a very good butchers, especially when you consider it in terms of value for money.
Prices start at just over £3 per kilo for ribs and the first boneless item comes in at just under £4 per kilo for some pork shoulder.
As you move up the quality of the meat the price remains very good value for money as it moves up with the quality and this is what makes this place so popular.
Put simply, this is one of the better butchers in town.

Cow pie!
We went to Andersons for our Hogmanay steak pie and it was scrumptious: lots of tasty filling, topped by thick and delicious puff pastry.
The rest of the meat on display looked good too, and staff were friendly - I'll definitely go back.

Fantastic Butchers.
It was refurbished a year or two ago and it now a huge, clean and well laid out space inside.
They have a chiller with a variety of pre-prepared meats, including Irn Bru sausages, which were on offer 3 packs for £11, or about £4 each.
The staff were super friendly and chatty.
We bought diced lamb and the butcher went out of his way to help us.
They have the usual selection of meats, haggis, black pudding and offal.
I recommend this butcherer extremely highly!!
Maybe not for veggies though.

They're local and provide a good selection of fresh meat.
Staff here are very helpful and always happy to advise on cooking or even a full recipe.
The few times I visited I was pleased to see that many locals do shop here.
I struck up a little chat with the lady from the flat above ours.
You should be prepared at times - as it will be busy - especially on Tuesdays - when the freshest meats have arrived.
I would have expected them to be really expensive, but they're very affordable - especially when you know that the beef is actually beef from a local herd.

