Smithie's is a small pub located in the Cannonmills area of Edinburgh, and is frequented by a loyal group of friendly locals.
I came here a few times as it is about 100 metres from where a few of my friends live.
We came here to watch a few World Cup games and it seemed a pretty nice place.
The décor is pretty nice and is styled in the traditional British pub way.
Drink prices are pretty good with a pint costing £2.75 and can be a good way of avoiding the price hikes you will find in nearby New Town.
There is a good range of drinks available including real ales and malt whiskeys and they do sell food, although not proper meals.
They do pies, toasties and hot dogs at pretty decent prices and these certainly complimented the beers we had whilst watching the football.
The pub is pretty small however and during the football many people had to stand as there was not enough seats to go round.
I will definitely be returning when I next go and see my friends in this part of town.

This review is long overdue but I've had a bit of a love/hate relationship with Smithies for a while.
This is because it's my man's favourite pub.
It's like Cheers for him in that whenever he goes there he seems to know at least a handful of the people there and almost inevitably ends up staying much later than planned, drinking too much, coming home steaming, and eventually giving me puppy dog eyes in the morning as he asks for tea and bacon to cleanse his liver.
But, I have to admit, Smithies is a really good pub.
It's a total old man boozer (despite the fact that it sells what is apparently very nice champagne?!?!
), but not in a smelly way, just in a really friendy way.
Everyone who works behind the bar is family - dad, mum, son and daughter, which gives it a really nice vibe.
They all obviously care about their establishment as well as their customers.
The pints are good and reasonably priced, even the food is nice.
It's basic pub fare of soup and toasties but is well done.
Smithies is a great relaxed pub hidden away in Canonmills.
If you happen to find yourself in here and notice a baldy Glaswegian whose voice carries across county lines, tell him to go home, his girlfriend doesn't want him too hungover in the morning.

