Excellent food.

This place would be perfect, if it were up in the Grassmarket or on George Street.
Unfortunately, for Newington, the prices are a little excessive.
I started with the fresh mussels cooked with coconut milk, fresh lime and coriander.
Although it was tasty, given that it cost almost £6 the portion size was pretty mean to say the least.
If there had just been a little more to it, I wouldn't have minded paying this much but given that in other restaurants in the area this price could get you a main course, I did feel a little robbed.
The main course was a similar story: Although the grilled swordfish with the various accompaniments was delicious, at £13.95 I felt as though I should be in a much fancier restaurant than I was.
That said, this place is always full... not only when I was there having dinner but also every time I walk past.
If you're the kind of person who is seduced by any menu full of words like "bisque" and "terrine" etc then you'll love Blonde.
If you're the kind of person that will happily pay these prices when it's in an exclusive upmarket city-centre location that can justify these amounts, then this is probably not your type of place.
To sum up, although the food is tasty it's the kind of place where you'll have a 3-course meal and still leave feeling hungry.

I agree with Fiona, this place is a little too swanky for this part of town.
The decor of the place is a little basic, but they claim it's styish all over the website.
The food is alright, nothing fancier than you can pick up in the tesco finest range.
It leaves alot to be desired.
If your mum opened a trendy resturant, this is what it would be like.

The food is very good, but I found their menu to be a little bit pretentious -- hasn't Gordon Ramsay shouted at enough people for putting random fruit into savoury dishes?
Portions a smidgen on the small side too, though desserts were excellent.
Probably wouldn't go again, but nor would I advise against it: try it and see if it's your style.

Feeling puzzled.
The place was recommended and I think I'm going to try regardless of the couple of reviews (Stuart and Fiona) that have misspellings and an illogical statement (Fiona).
Wish me luck : )

Had dinner here on Monday this week.
Not a busy night by any means  one duo in when we arrived and no-one else in between them and us leaving.
3 very well made and presented courses for £17 though was good vfm, particularly my fish cakes starter and the main course of trout.
I didn't personally have wine but the list looked pretty comprehensive.
Pleased to have finally made it inside here and would certainly go back.

I thought the food on offer at Blonde was smart and flavour-packed, with a nicely balanced menu featuring a good range of local produce.
I went in the evening and boy was it dark!
Seriously, the "mood lighting" was so dim that people were struggling to read the menu, and it did impair the appreciation of some of the presentational touches that been applied to the dishes.
It made me think that this would be the ideal dining venue for a "first date" with someone that you'd met in a dimly lit pub or club, taken something of a shine to, exchanged numbers, then arranged to meet when less sozzled.
If you didn't happen to have perfect recall of what they looked like, but vaguely remembered their size and shape, this place could cut through any "cold light of day" embarrassments ;-)  Overall, we said: "I did enjoy my visit to Blonde.
The service was a real strength, and the food was quite impressive, without quite unifying in to overwhelmingly convincing dishes.
The price tag was very reasonable for the fare on offer, though, so I'd happily go back, and take friends, as I'd be confident that the broad appeal that Blonde delivers would please many different tastes.

Great food, one of those places who stress on Quality and Quantity...

