Another great little place across from the exhibition center.
I was charmed through the door with the promise of subway sandwiches for less than £2.
Not a huge selection on offer but they will make you something special if you ask (and didn't charge me any extra).
Service was fast and the place was very clean.
All Good?
Yes!

Like Stuart, I was attracted to the sub deal of 2 pounds.
It's a small little place, nothing really to write home about.
Clean place, staff are friendly and my sub was satisfying and fresh.
I went for the houmous, olives and diced peppers - I suppose a safe choice- and was not disappointed, although I would have prefered a few more bread options.
As far as quick bite places go this gets a thumbs up.

£2 for a sub?
There must be a catch surely.
Well, there might be one as there isnt a great choice of sandwich fillings, but that can be forgiven because for £2 you do get an amazing sub with very, very tasty fillings and a lot of ways to 'customise' your sandwich - i.e extra filling, sauces etc.
The place aaalways seems to be jam packed with people taking advantage of this amazing deal, but the excellent staff handle it efficintly and quickly, but most importantly with a smile on thier face.

There's not much else to say that hasn't already been said.
Behold, the £2.00 sub!
Serving up a lovely variety of scrummy fillings, All Good lives up to its good name by delivering excellent service, delicious, soft filled rolls and the £2 sub deal that has successfully bowled me over.
Even during lunch hour you will experience speedy service from friendly staff, and plenty to choose from off their up-to-date menu.
Their website is pretty straightforward to navigate - fun and modern while also giving you some insight into the lunchtime menu.
Great if you're nipping in on your lunch hour or have a busy day of shopping ahead of you, All Good is really good at spoiling us!

Agreeing with Marj, what else can I say?!
the £2 sub attracts the crowds and pleases one and all (sorry, I've been watching the muskateers).
The staff are lovely, genuinely want to help you and are very good at their job.
The service is quick and the sub is good, for the money you spend on it anyway!

Just a few doors down from my work sits a small, unassuming cafe.
From the footpath, all that indicates it's there is the all too familiar 'Illy' coffee sign that protrudes from and adorns many good coffee houses...and yes, this is a good one!
My review in this instance focuses on 2 elements; the ability of the staff to produce a good, consistent flat white and the friendliness and attentiveness of said staff.
I'm pleased to announce that on both fronts, I cannot fault...excellent in fact.
Yes I have rated 4 rather than 5 stars, but this is purely on the fact that I've only ordered coffees to date...but have made a pact with myself to venture past beverages and finally have lunch there, so I hope 5 stars are a'coming!

Ok, I've now eaten here quite a few times and have not had a bad meal.
They're consistently good and the coffee, I'm pleased to report, still up there with the better 'non barista' made ones.
As I've said before, 9 times out of 10 those cafe's using Illy coffee make a great brew.

The best sandwich cafe around.
Ask Kev for some ciabatta options and he'll throw you some mouth watering crackers!!!
I stand by my original assessment that the Parma ham (or chorizo), jarlsberg, rocket, olive oil, balsamic and chutney ciabatta the best of the best!
Oh yeah, the soup is homemade and sells out quickly so get there early to avoid disappointment.

Splendid little place to pick up a lunch.
The owner is very enthusiastic and talked me through the options of lunch combinations.
I opted for the £3.50 meal deal which is a sub roll, can of juice and a pack if crisps.
I had tomato and fresh mozzarella with olives and rocket, very nice.
One to try when your in the area.

All good are now taking lunch orders via twitter so that you are ready to collect when you want.
This really is a great wee sandwich place and they are so nice and mix and match the sandwich fillings to give me more veggie options.
And then top them off with fresh rocket and olives, delicious.
Oh and you must try the home made coleslaw which is pink from the red cabbage :0)

