Ich war Silvester 2008/2009 fuer 8 Tage in Edinburgh, mein Hostel lag 2 Haeuser neben Beanscene und deswegen war ich sehr oft Gast dort.
Tagsueber habe ich Edinburgh erkundet, gegen Abend dann bin ich bei Beanscene eingekehrt - oft solange, bis sie zu gemacht haben.
Die Preise dort sind fuer die angebotenen Getraenke gerechtfertigt, es gibt heiße Schokolade, Café und Tee.
Zu essen gibt es Sandwiches, Bagels und Kuchen.
Alles sehr lecker und liebevoll zubereitet und praesentiert.
Die Bedienung ist sehr freundlich, Getraenke/Essen werden zum Tisch gebracht.
Freies WLAN ist genauso vorhanden wie aktuelle Tageszeitungen.
Da dieser Beanscene direkt an einem Bahnhof liegt, sind dort oft Reisende zu finden.
Nichtsdestotrotz sind immer freie Plaetze vorhanden, die Bedienung ist, auch wenn Stress ist, immer freundlich und hilfsbereit.
Sehr gemuetliches Café, bei Aufenthalt in Edinburgh ist ein Besuch dort sehr empfehlenswert, wenn man mal abschalten will!

An independent chain with a string of coffee shops in Edinburgh and Glasgow, Beanscene claim to offer a unique alternative to corporate coffee chains like Starbucks, Costa and Cafe Nero.
The problem is, their branches look just as bland with brown leather arm chairs and uncomfortable wooden tables and chairs.
The coffee and food is around the same price point too and just as unremarkable.
Admittedly, I've heard good things about the pizza and nachos from friends but the muffin and pannini I shared were both 70% stodge and 30% filling.
As for the ambient music playing softly in the background -  It might relax other customers but it made me feel like I was in an MFI or Sofa Workshop advert!

Sarah-Jane put it very well she describes Beanscene as an independent chain.
It was started by a Scottish guy who wanted a coffee shop that you could take kids to and still have a nice cuppa joe.
As a student in Glasgow many moons ago, Beanscene was one of my favourite haunts.
The nachos, the hot chocolate, the honey bran muffin.
Good times.
I don't know what's happened in the interim.
I know that the independent chain was sold to another enterprise of independent chain coffee store owners and I noticed as a result the quality of all the food products declined.
I mean the amount of chicken in the chicken nachos was at least halved, and the honey bran muffins disappeared.
And the new addition of the crepes served on PAPER plates with one stingy leaf of lettuce as a side salad.
Sad times.
The above is a general review of Beanscene.
This one branch in particular isn't offensive or bad in any particular way, but it's not very memorable and not somewhere I can imagine going out of their way to go to.
It's a shame, Beanscene used to be so *in*, and rightly so, and now it seems like a sad-washed up version of S'bucks - as it is now a chain, despite still being independent.
For some reason the exterior of this branch really irks me.
You can't even tell it is a coffee shop, or Beanscene, until you look closer.
The building is a beautiful old one, which is pretty cool, but they've tacked a Beanscene sign on the outside that you can hardly see as it's black-on-granite stone and there are hardly any windows to see into to reveal that it is indeed a coffee shop.
It's also not very 'cosy'.
The coffee is meh, the cakes passable but to be honest, I really have experienced better and feel it's now a case of beating a dead horse when I come here and order a supplementary blueberry muffin.

The problem with this area of town is there is a distinct shortage of relaxed coffee places.
It's either restaurant or greasy spoon territory.
Beanscene is one of only a few coffee stops in the Haymarket area that you can even choose from (it's sandwiched between two Starbucks).
So I find this spot quite handy if you're meeting folk in this part of town.
Saying that, the coffee shop is nothing to write home about - it's a clone of every other Beanscene around and prices are on a par with other chains.
I'd never eat here - the food is ropey at best.
But if you're meeting pals for a chinwag, need a comfy sofa and a hot drink, you could do much worse.

Better than average espresso.
Nice atmosphere.
Cappuccino a bit weak.
Cake a bit dry but still tasty.

I have been trying this café for more than two years now.
I like especially the meal deal for my weekday lunches - for a fiver you get:  - A sandwich or hot dog or a soup,   - Hot drink (tip: you can have it take away if you like, just ask for it),   - Fruit or crisps.
There are a few options for sandwiches.
Hot dog was good but not something special.
Unfortunately only one soup option per day, which might include meat, so if you're a veggieburger you will have to stick to the sandwiches selection.
Fruit option includes either a banana or apple most of the times (oranges make appearances too!).
I did try once their pizza, kept my belly full for quite a while!
There is a selection of toppings.
The coffees they make are decent - I would recommend trying out the white chocolate/mocha!
For sweet-tooth people out there, big waffle with cream and maple syrup is also recommended!!
Setting-wise, big windows, close to the Haymarket station - I tend to sit right next to the window watching pedestrians and cars passing by, never stopping.
It is above level street so you won't be alarmed by any pedestrians staring at you while you devour that waffle I mentioned above!
Wi-Fi does exist, although it requires a purchase and is time-restricted (ask for a code from the counter).
There is a variety of sitting areas as well: from normal wooden chairs and tables, to leather armchairs, and if you want to enjoy even more - try out the big comfy leather sofas!
(assuming they're free, that is!
)   It tends to be busy during lunch time, professional people do prefer it.
The staff is very friendly and doing their best to serve with a smile!
:-)   My only inconvenient experience was when new staff was trained, and although there is the any-coffee-before-10-for-1.50 deal, I didn't pay attention and paid the full price.
I would be happier if there were more soup choices and there were loyalty options for food too.
Comparing the options around this area, I will be going back to this for sure!
:-)

Food for a fiver...sounds great - get a soup, coffee and a shortbread for £5.
Great value in this day and age.
The soup was tomato and repper, actually not bad - pretty simple but nice.
With some bread and butter its what you would expect.
The shortbread was crumbley with chocolate chips....not bad.
The coffee - a cappacino - awful!!
Its a coffee shop thus the weighting  to how the coffee tasted - just awful!

