I had heard about Wok and Wine from a fellow 'special needs' gang member (Gluten Free - Coeliac) and wanted to try it.
I'm never the biggest fan of going out for Chinese or Indian due to the association with 'takeaways' but nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Fabulouso!
Truly yum.
Being GF, I get the special menu.
Now normally this can result in a little :-( due to the limited and usually poor choice of not very appetising offers but Wok and Wine rocked :-)   Pages of dishes suitable for me, including those normally totally off limits.
Had to go for the shredded chilli crispy beef with a side order of crispy seaweed and it was fab!
Nice balance of chilli's for the added spice, but not too much that you can't taste your food with lots of crispy beef and vegetables.
Perfectly crispy, crispy seaweed = happy bunny.
My friends loved their dishes - king prawns with ginger & chicken and cashew nuts.
Off the 'evil' (non GF) menu so I didn't sample but much noshing and little conversation (apart from yum) and pretty decent portions (they do not skimp on the king prawns which is great to see!
) mean that we are all planning a return visit.
Nice touches too - nice feeling to this place.
Channelling the red theme traditionally associated with China but with a modern twist.
Prawn crackers provided free and free chicken wings (beautiful seasoned crumb and they did the GF version for our table so more brownie points!
), as well as coming round to top up water glasses so attentive but not obtrusive service.
Not much to complain about - Wok and Wine is getting 5 stars.
Maybe more chilli sauce as only a little dish provided.
Chances are, they would have given me more, if I had stopped eating long enough to ask but this was just a minor thing for this GF girl...  Update: I was here with my mum recently after raving about fab GF Chinese so she fancied trying it (and she's not GF).
She ate off the Gluten Free menu (tbh she had no choice as I played the "we can share if you use the GF menu?
" card) but was wowed by the choice (poor Mum never got a glance at the normal menu which is even bigger).
So as Claire L's mum said "Put on your review on Yelp that I ate off the GF menu - there was so much choice!
The food is amazing - the crispy beef and duck were to die for and I didn't mind that there were no pancakes as the option of making lettuce rolls was much better!
" So there Yelpers, two reviews for the price of one ;-)

Following Claire L's recommendation I thought I'd try this out with pals (as I am also gluten free) now I can't say I've ever been a big fan of chinese due to the msg thing but we were all delighted with the food, the choice was really varied and some new and unusual dishes along wtih what you come to expect!
While we got stuck in to the free prawn crackers they brought us out a compliemntary starter of deep fried chicken with lemon grass (which they'd made gluten free especially for me!
) and it was delicious - will definately look for it on the menu next time!
The restaurant was a bit quiet to start with but then it got really busy and was a good atmosphere, there's some good areas for bigger or more private parties at the back.
If I were being slightly critical I'd say that the sudden increase in customers meant our starter plates lay for a bit too long but that just meant they were all very clean by the time they took them away!
The crispy aromatic duck was fantastic as was the duck in orange n cointreau, everyone ate far too much as it was just to good to leave!
Finished off with a nice wee touch of complimentary ice cream - not exactly gelato but it;s the thought that counts!
Will definately be back!

I had a lovely girly night out recently that involved cocktails and Chinese food... and then me going home because I'm an old person and turn into a pumpkin if I'm out late.
Anyway...
I've struggled to find decent Chinese food in Edinburgh and currently live down the street from a Chinese take away that smells amazing but serves up greasy awfulness, so when a coworker of mine told me about Wok and Wine, I had to check it out.
The restaurant is decorated in a manner that I find pretty standard with Chinese food places I've visited before - in kind of a non-hip modern way.
Clean, rather sterile, but comfortable.
We were taken to a nice little table and left with the extensive menu which (top points!
) offers all full sized dishes in smaller sizes so two people can try quite a few different things in a tapas-style meal.
We opted for a good mix - one order of veggie dumplings, a pork dish, chicken satay, crispy beef, and shrimp and veg tempura.
On the plus side, everything came out immediately and was piping hot.
Unfortunately it all came out at exactly the same time so we felt pushed to eat quickly so it didn't get too cold.
We also discovered that the "small" dishes are actually hardly small at all and we really ordered WAY too much food.
The chicken satay and crispy beef were very tasty, but the tempura -which I had been looking forward to since I saw the menu- was a huge let down.
I found it incredibly greasy and salty.
The texture of the batter was nice and light but the grease literally dripped out of bits, and the combo of salted batter with salty teriyaki was too much for me.
The other dishes were fine tasting and well made, but just not entirely to my taste.
Despite this, I would return.
The service was lovely and attentive and to a certain extent I think we just got a bit unlucky with what we ordered.
Add to this the price - five dishes plus rice and two beers for £40 - and it's really good value.
Just keep in mind it's cheap and cheerful and if you order as much as we did you're bound to find something that doesn't quite float your boat.

This got such good reviews for being gluten-free that we had to try it.
We've now visited twice and each time it's been a delight to be able to sample so much gluten-free stuff.
They now have physical copies of their gluten-free menus back - they were evidently so good that people kept stealing them!
The main thing to point out is that everything we ordered (both visits) they were able to say "yes, that's gluten free" or "no it's not".
They even prepared a gluten-free version of one dish on our first visit so that I could have it.
It's nice that some places want to go that extra mile.
The food is superb, comes out piping hot and is really well presented.
The wine list is very good value, too, with a Chilean Sauvignon Blanc less than £18.
And the background music, when you notice it, is great.
Elton John the first time, then classical.
OK, it may not be everyone's cup of tea, but was cool with us.
Both times we visited we did feel that the service dropped off a little bit towards the end.
They clear away well, but then they left us a bit and didn't ask about dessert, so we just asked for the bill.
To be fair our second visit was the Saturday after Valentine's, and it was full.
We like the décor, we like the staff, we love the food - especially the focus on so much gluten-free - so we're making it our local!

This review has been way overdue, In fact it's been over six months that we visited this restaurant....the last reviewer must had been to the old Wok & wine.
What a disappointment, now I know why we were able to get a reservation on a Saturday night.
To start off with the soup had to be sent back because it tasted funny.
If you ever had expired tofu you'll know what I mean.
Then we ordered duck with plum sauce and the duck was just not edible, it was stringy and fatty.
Then they served us old rice it was cold and hard, and they had the nerve to charge us for it.
Stay away this is a tourist trap!

We went here last night after reading the rave reviews about how good it was for gluten free.
We arrived just after 6pm with no reservation.
When we walked in the place was wedged and we were worried we wouldn't get a table but after about 5mins we were shown to one but I would definitely advise booking if you can as people after us did have a bit of a wait.
In all my travels I have never seen such a huge gluten free menu!
I couldn't decide so my boyfriend kindly agreed to order from the gf menu so we could share.
We started with crispy chicken wings.
Perfectly crisped and the veg was almost caramelised with a hint of chilli.
The chicken fell off the bone and we were licking our fingers wishing we had ordered more.
For mains I had king prawns with asparagus and black bean sauce with ginger rice.
My boyfriend had king prawn tempura with a teriyaki sauce and chilli rice.
The rices definitely complimented the dishes well, they were full of flavour.
I haven't had black bean since being diagnosed a coeliac and I was not disappointed.
I was worried about the batter on the tempura dish as it tasted too good to be gf!
But I'm feeling no side effects this morning and wondering how nobody else has managed to do this.
We had plum wine throughout which was sweet but not overbearingly so.
I was disappointed to hear that this place may be closing due to the owner leaving.
Such a fantastic gem with many regulars and the best gf menu I've seen in the world will be a loss.
I would come back to Edinburgh just to go to this restaurant it is that good!

