If location is the name of the game, then the Balmoral wins in spades.
Situated right in the middle between old town and new town, immediately around the corner from the train station, and just a quick walk from the national monument, there is not a more convenient hotel for a tourist in Edinburgh.
The Michelin starred restaurant in the hotel is of course a nice perk, and the rooms meet the five star billing, but the concierge desk is really where the Balmoral earned its rating.
From easy tasks like getting reservations at hard to get seats to arranging my crazy itinerary around the rest of Scotland, the concierge staff was flawless.
Whereas I usually feel gouged spending money on properties of this caliber, in this case, the Balmoral was worth every pound.

Walking up Prince's Street toward to Balmoral from Waverly Station- and there it is, this big pile of stone and some glass, and there's a guy on the steps in front wearing a kilt and he opens the door and I am ushered in, where a man approaches me and looking at my luggage,  directs me to a nice woman who checks me in, then takes me to my room while giving me the layout of various function rooms in the hotel, before explaining the room features to me and bidding me 'Good Day'.
What a lovely way to meet a hotel!
And what a nice hotel.
The marble floor in the bathroom is heated, the TV is wondeful and the view is out of this world, the Castle to the gardens of Holyrood.
What more could I ask for?
Great breakfast, lovely gym and pool and drinks in the Palm Room expertly mixed.
Give yourself a treat, stay here!
Enjoy!

The Balmoral commands your attention when you step onto Princes Street.
Its a huge but very beautiful building situated right on the corner, above Waverley Station.
My brother snuck off in secret and got married, then headed off to the Balmoral Hotel and invited us plebs to join him.
The hotel is grand and you instantly feel important when you enter.
The staff cannot do enough for you, I guess this is one of the perks of five star accommodation!
The rooms are spacious, comfortable and welcoming, can I move in?
Obviously they come at a rather expensive price, but my guess is if your going to stay in five star accommodation then price isn't an issue.
You certainly get your moneys worth in this beautiful hotel.
At Christmas time it is even more enchanting with its stunning decorations.
The Michelin start restaurant within the hotel is worth a visit, as is the Brasserie for a more relaxed meal.
It really is just the perfect hotel.

This hotel is definitely beautiful, elegant, stylish, classic etc etc etc but when I stayed here for a weekend it was so clear that it lives off its own hype.
We were going to a dinner-dance in the hotel on the saturday night, and when we went to the bar for a drink beforehand they squashed us into two table-booths (there were almost 40 of us), and they took 20 mins to even take drinks orders.
Obviously catering for large groups is never easy, but when they charge £12 for the cocktail of the day you would kind of hope it might come a bit faster.
The room was absolutely gorgeous, that much I will give them.
Ours was dual-aspect, so we had spectacular views of the castle as well as North Bridge, which is beautiful at night.
The other thing that struck me was that it's over-priced.
Obviously, in a 5-Star hotel you expect to pay a certain amount, but I thought that their prices were excessive.
A three-course meal in their Number One restaurant costs £60 without drinks, and when you compare that to the huge number of equally upmarket and high-quality restaurants nearby I don't see how they can justify it.
Don't get me wrong, it's not that there's anything hugely wrong with it; it's just that even as luxury hotels go, this place is just a little bit up itself.

It's safe to say that Edinburgh has got a pretty good deal when it comes to good-looking buildings, and for me, this one tops the lot.
I honestly find it considerably more striking, imposing and just plain impressive than even the castle, especially at night when the tower is lit up.
Having been sold the con of a university education, I've probably long since passed my opportunity to become a plumber and actually afford to stay here, but from the lunch I had in the bar with my old man a few years back, I can confirm that the quality isn't just limited to the exterior.
Absolutely cracking.

You can't really miss the Balmoral.
It's one of those landmarks in Edinburgh that gives the city it's posh name - it just looks fancy and expensive.
The best thing about The Balmoral, in my opinion, are all the door-men waiting to open your car door for you, to welcome you in - ahh!
I suddenly feel like I've gone up a tax-bracket.
The staff are lovely (especially Thea) and the service is top-notch.
And it's the playground for celebs when they come to the city, I've seen the likes of Graeme Norton, Robbie coltrane, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber and Louis Walsh  - to name but a few  Oh, I'll get those names for you...I seem to have dropped them...
Overall it's a really lovely place to represent the city.
It's for those who want to splurge, but it's worth spoiling yourself once in a while, right?

The Balmoral Hotel can be summed up in one word; luxurious.
I have wanted to stay here forever but unfortunately a room for the night is a little bit out of my budget with the price for a double room often as much as £420!
The building itself is absolutely stunning and it really stands out on Princes Street making me wish I was a guest there whenever I walk past.
When I win the lottery, which should be any day now, I will be staying at The Balmoral as a regular and I'll be trying each one of the 168 rooms on offer just so I can pick my favourite.
Each night I will dine in the sumptuous Number One, Michelin starred restaurant.
Only £59 for three courses you say?
Keep the change.

The Balmoral is an absolutely legendary, stunning feat of design and architecture, that never fails to halt my vision in its tracks when I walk past it, despite having lived here for years and having walked past the hotel countless times.
The Balmoral's reputation as a luxury hotel destination of elegance and long established grandeur is well known worldwide, and a cheeky few nights stay here is guaranteed to cost you more than a pretty penny.
However, considering how beautiful the hotel is, and its prime position in Edinburgh's city centre, it's probably worth saving up for if you're visiting the city, just so you can experience staying in such a stunning hotel, at least for one evening.
If you live in Edinburgh, staying in the hotel will be less of a draw, but nosing and peering around parts of the hotel is still an option, if you go to the Bollinger Bar for some champagne, the Palm Court for afternoon tea, or either Hadrians or the Number One restaurant for a gorgeous meal.

For this kind of ££££, I expect to have everything.
Balmoral offered lots of luxuries but failed on a few of the basics   Luxuries....   Grand lobby & staff greet us & immediately we are treated like royalty.
Rooms are super-incredibly plush w/ huge cathedral ceilings & overstuffed beds & chairs.
Bathrooms are equally push & the shower was one of the best I've ever had.....water pressure is spot on, temp is fantastic & the products are luxuriantly smelly   The concierge desk was fantastic & secured rezzies at various "already fully booked" restaurants & had a recommendation for just about everything   Location also can't be beat - situated right in the heart of Edinburgh, this hotel is w/in easy walking distance to all the touristy hot-spots.
There's also a plethora of taxis available to take people on short jaunts - as my parents have limited mobility we super-appreciated the hotel arranging taxi support.
We found many taxis "on the road" refused us the short ride but happily agreed when we started through the hotel.
Highly recommend arranging transportation through the hotel if you find yourself in a limited energy / mobility situation like we were!
As far as for the basics....   Free WiFi is not a luxury - it's a basic yet there was none.
I had to go across the street to Burger King for the free stuff & that's just not right   I also expect a full tv channel lineup - Balmoral only offered limited channels (& my fav ITV3 was not one - boo).
When faced with only reality shows on *every* channel, my books became that much more appealing & when travelling w/ parents, living up the nightlife is nonexistent.
We *need* tv!
So as happy as I was to stay w/ you & knowing I would totally stay here again, I just cannot say this was a full 5-star experience b/c this was not "as good as it gets".
Add the free WiFi upgrade for your guests & we'll talk about a star upgrade, in kind

Overall, it was a great hotel in a great location.
The staff were very knowledgeable and courteous, and the rooms were very comfortable.
A nice touch for international travelers like me - the availability of adapters for electricity, which is a particular pet peeve for me.
The concierge was particularly helpful as I arrived at the hotel a bit too late and most of the restaurants/bars around the city had already closed for the day - he was able to point out places that were still open.
This has nothing to do with the quality of the hotel but my particular room had a lot of Sean Connery posters in his 60's James Bond pomp, but then hey...I was in Edinburgh...

Ok so I didn't actually stay here or have anything at the bar.
I did ask for help on directions.
The man at the desk was incredibly nice and helpful.
My impression of the Balmoral was that it was very nice and very clean.
I forgot to mention that it is very beautiful inside and out.

THe Balmoral, a Rocco Forte hotel, is probably the most expensive hotel in Edinburgh.
Getting a room there in August when we booked in April was interesting.
.They told my travel agent that there were no rooms available, so we were obligated to take a suite at about 3 times the price, then I went on Hotels.com and got a room.
I tried to book dinner at their restaurant and they put us in the wrong one.
That's another long story, but their reservation staff really needs a little training!
HAving said that, the front desk was welcoming, the lobby was fine (albeit not as impressive or large as other hotels in its price range) and the place was clean.
Our room was more "business hotel modern" than luxury hotel elegant.
We appreciated the huge photo poster of Sean Connery in the bathroom, and the amenities were okay, but it was a bit bizarre.
Our first room had an objectionable odor, so we moved to a second, which was fine, quiet, with no real view but we appreciated the calm.
The hotel restaurant called Number One was amazing - one of the best meals ever, and by far the best feature of the hotel.
We got in with no help from the hotel staff, and that's another review.

Identified by its iconic clock tower (set two minutes fast to ensure travelers don't miss their train), the Balmoral is located in a prime location right on Princes Street in Edinburgh's city center.
The architecture of the building is awesome and has a quality that makes you want to photograph it over and over again.
Everything (and I mean everything) is within walking distance of the Balmoral.
Rooms are tasteful and generally well appointed.
Bathrooms are updated and clean and are decorated with various Sean Connery (James Bond) photographs.
Every bit of the Balmoral is top notch EXCEPT for (1) the really lousy mattress in room 655 (no support, should have been retired about 6 years ago), (2) the fact that the hotel doesn't offer travelers a trouser pressing machine in its rooms or the use of an iron.
To add insult to injury, the hotel's pressing service is overpriced in an obnoxious way.
Even though I was traveling on business and using an expense account, I couldn't bring myself to use this service based upon principle.
Free WiFi worked great, even for FaceTime calls back to the States.
The concierge service and room staff were exceptional and offered great suggestions and kept our room clean, tidy and refreshed with everything we could have needed.
The front desk staff was similarly helpful and welcoming.
We also visited the Balmoral's 'Number One' restaurant and Scotch Whisky bar, both of which were really good.
Overall, a good hotel that could be great (5 stars) if they simply address the poor mattresses in their rooms and either add a trouser pressing machine in each room or begin to offer irons / ironing boards to guests upon request.
Other hotels of a similar caliber in Europe have already addressed these points.

A great hotel in Edinburgh with wonderful proximity to lots to do.
The restaurant and bar, the rooms, the staff, were all very good.

We could not have been more pleased.
Excellent staff.
The rooms are spacious and luxurious.
Highly recommend staying at the Balmoral.

