This was my go-to for my morning sunshine and muffin.
Nothing unique (compared to the run-of-the-mill Starbucks), but lots of tables and prompt service.

You know what, if you were to ask me whether I liked Caffe Nero or Costa better I'd say Costa.
But my recent experience at Nero was just weird and SLOW.
I went inside this Nero to get my free coffee from finishing my stamp card (woohoo!
) And there was just me and another person in the line to get a coffee and it seemed like it took a good 10 minutes.
The staff member who was making the coffee was forgetting orders and being chatty as if i was his best friend.
I dont mind when people say hello, but when I've got family waiting for me outside, I like to keep it snappy.
After I politely answered his question 23498 question being, 'Where are you from!?
" the coffee maker pulled the..   "oh, so you're canadian then and left canada to come to cold Scotland, what did your boyfriend think about that?
" ugh.
I dont like the lame pick-up lines and sneaky questions to find out if I have a boyfriend.
You're service sucks sleezy nero guy.
I just want a coffee.
Way to make Katie feel uncomfortable and feel as though she's in a bar, lame!

Not my favourite place....
I regularly end up in this coffee shop in the morning due to the fact that my colleague works nearby.
We buy a coffee and have to suffer the minutes of sitting and waiting for our coffee to come to light.
Also recently there has been a staff member (blonde) who speaks to you like you have dementia which is always flattering.
The coffee is bitter and makes you jittery - apart from that at least they let you use the wifi for as long as you want!
All in all I'll use it because it's free internets.
but I hate their coffee and their service

Free Wifi is always a plus.
The staff serving were lovely.
I had an 02 Priority moments code to get one cup of coffee for free, so I met my husband there after work for a chill out  to miss the rush hour on the bus and to do something different than heading straight home after work  My husband had a mocha and I had a hot chocolate.
The staff were great and put the most expensive drink through as the free one.
The regular hot chocolate was £2.95.
The hot chocolate was delicious and creamy but the froth on the Mocha was bitter and tasted odd, we couldn't quite place the taste but after taking that off with a spoon the mocha itself was nice.
Decor wise, Cafe Nero could do with a little spruce up.
It is clean and tidy but needs a little TLC around the edges, the arms of the couches are a little worn and the dark wood cabinets behind the counter are a bit dated.
Saying that, it is a good location and cosy and we were in the window seat which is great for people watching!

Cafe Nero is back on O2 priority moments for a free hot drink.
I got my free Mocha served with a lovely smile from a very polite barista, top marks all round.
Oh, they also have free Wifi which is ever so useful.
If you collect 10 stamps on a loyalty card then you get a free drink too.

Not bad - good for proximity to Usher Hall.
Does Genius GF chicken salad rolls so a plus point but service wasn't the friendliest last time I was in and the coffee isn't the best.

