Located in the St. James Shopping Centre, this is a relatively large Millie's Cookies stall and there is a full range of sugary treats and even though they specialise in cookies, the muffins are awesome too, incredibly moist - yum!
They often have great deals on such as 4 cookies for £2.99 which is a great saving as one cookies is 99p.
I usually go for one of the deals as I can share them and it doesn't make me feel as guilty for eating junk food.
I popped by the other day and snapped up the legendary Cookie Pop and the guy working looked bored to tears, I guess there weren't a lot of cookie shoppers out that day.

Millies Cookies is fat girl heaven.
And by fat girl I mean me!
Cookies are gifts from above, I'm sure of it.
America, as a country, make the world's best cookies.
That is a fact from the Encyclopedia of Amy.
Unfortunately America is a long way from Edinburgh so it is super hard to find yummy cookies.
Fortunately Millies Cookies exists and provides me with all the fatty goodness I need in a variety of flavours.
It is best to buy a few, and what I do is nibble around half of each cookie to sample the flavour and then pass them on to my boyfriend.
Then I don't feel like a such a fat girl.

There's no denying that the actual cookies on sale at Millie's are utterly delicious.
Soft and chewy in the middle and a bit firmer at the edges, they're cooked to perfection every single time.
There's also a fairly comprehensive range, but I have a tendency to over-fill my bag with the apple and cinammon variety, purely for the novelty factor that such cookies are rarely seen elsewhere.
The bad part is in the cost.
I'm not normally too price-sensitive when it comes to stuffing my bloated face but Millie's Cookies are just extortionate, even with the deals.
They may be good, but they're not worth 99p each.
A bag of Tesco Finest rocky road cookies cost about £1.60.
You get four and they're roughly 3 times the size of Millie's.
The best cookie-based deal in town bar none.

This reminds me of my days in school when we would go on wee trips and need snacks for the bus.
You could get 12 cookies for like £2!
Bargain!
So everyone always had a bag with them.
My favourite was always the white chocolate chip - absolutely delicious and gooey!
One of them is great, two is good and three is the limit.
Once you've had more than 2 you're playing a dangerous game with your tummy.
They make everyone feel sick after a while, I've lost count of the amount of stops we had to make on those school trips!
So although their cookies are delicious and great value, they are sickly sweet!
If you see a Millie's cookie stand, buy a cookie solo - yeah it won't be the best value for money but it's the best thing here.

