Nice place for a decent drink.
No sports tv, no banging music, but plenty of atmosphere from just a bunch of patrons having a drink, meal and a chat.
Listed building has loads of character, nice coal fire.
Decent staff, very good food - in huge portions!
Had veggie options (quite a few to choose) and certainly recommend!
Few guest beers available and reasonable wine choice.
Occasional live music nights.
And toilets are just fine by the way......

The Barony is an old fashioned pub on Broughton Street.
The interior is decked out in dark wood and tiles, with a large mirror dominating one wall which makes it seem larger than it actually is.
There is a good selection of whisky behind the bar and they have quite a few real ales on tap.
It is a great pub for visiting on a cold day or night as they have a fire to warm yourself beside.
They serve food and the menu mainly consists of classic pub grub, however whenever I have eaten here the munch hasn't been anything to write home about - there are much better places to eat in this area like The Basement and Smoke Stack.
In the evening the atmosphere is busy and convivial, they have live music every Sunday night.
This is most definitely a pub for grown ups and a pub for serious drinking, don't come for the food!

This is a real 'pub'.
It isn't your average boozer with fruit machines, gassy pints and grubby decor, but a proper eating and drinking house.
Contrary to Emma, I actually thought the food was quite good.
I had the fish and chips which came in a nice, big portion with large chips and nicely cooked haddock.
Further, they make their own tartar sauce which went brilliantly with the meal.
The Barony also has an impressive array of whiskeys, real ales and beers and good quality wines.
Their open fire, although not alight when I was in, would certainly provide a homely atmosphere on cold winter days and nights.
Because of the general feel of the place and the decent food and drink the prices are quite expensive, but it's still worth a look for a good, comfortable meal or drink.

The Barony is an old school number on the ever getting trendier Broughton Street, but the pub fits in effortlessly well with the surrounding mix of modern and edgy establishments.
The interior is traditional, with its wood panelled walls and open fireplace, a feature that I always get quite excited about when entering public houses.
I'm easily pleased.
This is a good old proper drink your pint with no nonsense pub, and I've come in here several times during the afternoon and had a chilled beverage (of a relaxed nature and in temperature) and felt quite happy just hanging out for a bit.
The Barony is clearly really well established and popular, partly because it's been around for a good while, but also because of the down-to-earth, banterous crowd that come here, which is made up of a mix of regulars and cool young individuals.
If you want a decent, traditional, pub atmosphere, the Barony will serve up what you're looking for.

Real ale on tap 8/10; Ambience & decor 7/10; Customer service 2/10.
A disappointing first visit as I had heard good things about Barony.
As it was my first time there I'm reluctant to score it 2 stars (which prima facie is what it really warrants) so we'll throw it a bone, put the barmaid's unfriendly & sour manner down to her having a bad night and give it a tentative 3 stars.
I'll be back in over the next couple of days and based on how that visit pans out shall adjust up or down accordingly.
Watch this space...

Why is the Barony so often empty?
It's a great wee pub, with good beer on tap, in the middle of Broughton Street, and yet you can often find it half empty.
Which is good, when everywhere else is jam packed!
But odd.
We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and had a nice quiet drink.
I haven't tried the food but several people (basically everyone else who was there) were having nachos, and they looked and smelled great.
So - go for the nachos, but make sure there's still a free table for me when I get there, please.

Love this pub!!!
Good ales, decent selection of spirits and when they have it scrupy on tap or various other cider types.
This is a proper old fashioned pub - all wood and brass.
Probably my favourite pub on Broughton street.
Never tried the food but seen it floating past and it did look good.
Think old fashioned pub grub not gastro pub, which is kind of refreshing as everytwhere seems to be doing gastro pub food these days.
When I was there last they had scrawled on a chalk board "Stovies and bread  £2.50" just to illustrate.
This is a good thing for me by the way, as much as I love fancy food etc its nice to have simplier options available.
:D  The staff are well freindly and have a good understanding of what they are selling.
We always get a cheerio from them when we are wandering off after popping in for a couple of pints.
I guess the picture I am trying to paint of my experinces here are of a proper friendly boozer.

