Freshly refurbished, Kalpna is once again open for business after being closed for what seemed like an age.
This place, which has always been a vegetarian restaurant used to be a great place to come to get food - whether it was a large group who were looking for something abit different, or just you and a friend looking for some quiet time, Kalpna could provide.
Now however, it has taken on a new role - it still tries to be the place where you can go for good vegetarian Indian food, but some of its sparkle has gone, and really I'm not sure what it is.
The whole place just doesnt seem welcoming, and its abit too modern for my liking.
However, the food still remains great, and as ever the staff are friendly, so iots not like everything has gone down hill.
I will be back here, although I might just have to put up with the new decor and general atmosphere.

Kalpna offers vegetarian dinning to the street of Newington.
Although it's location is a bit bizarre (and parking can be an issue) it's quality is still great and service very efficient.
What really bugs me about this place is the decor.
It's going for an Indian-Style but man is it busy!
All the walls are covered top to bottom with little mirrors which in my point of view is a bit tacky and rather distracting.
Other than this I am not big fan of the interior layout, the tables giving a feeling of limited space and too clustered together.
However, it's a decent vegetarian Restaurant in the area.

Kalpna is pretty decent vegetarian restaurant which serves good food with pleasant service.
One of my friends decided about a year ago that animals were getting more than they deserved off humans and so he went veggie.
We went out for dinner with him to Kalpna and, on the whole, it was pretty good.
I definitely like my meat, but vegetarian cooking is as good as any other and Indian varieties are no exception.
I went for the vegetable Balti which didn't take too long to arrive and was delicious when it did.
They'd included a great combination of peppers, onions and root vegetables in a tasty, spicy sauce.
They must have had some problem with one of my mate's mains, however, as she was waiting for about ten minutes after we all received ours.
I'd come here again, but I'd expect better service to go with their great food.

I've got a friend who's a veggie, not for ethical reasons, but because he doesn't like the thought of eating something that shits.
It's a more honourable reason than most, but even though the grub at Kapla is interesting enough to be worth a look, nothing will ever  come close to spilling the blood of a wretched, twitching beast and gorging on the flesh and innards inside.
Still, considering the dubious quality of the "meat" you often get in curry houses, perhaps it is one of the cooking styles most suited to carrot chompers.
The curries here are good, but still can't beat the king of all veggie curries at the Mosque Kitchen.

I went to Kalpna for one of my flatmate's birthdays, as he was curious to see if there would be any difference between vegetarian dishes served by a specifically vegetarian restaurant to those served by regular restaurants.
The food was certainly interesting, although personally I was left underwhelmed.
We opted for the lunchtime buffet and at £7.95 per person, it seemed reasonably priced.
However, upon getting to the buffet table, the choice was very limited.
There were only three main dishes available,  a chick pea based dish, and two generic vegetable dishes which were very similar.
While the chick pea dish was delicious, the other two were rather bland and  left much to be desired.
However, the side dishes were interesting and included a deliciously greasy crispy naan.
The drinks were a bit pricey too.
My mango lassi (yoghurt drink) was around £3 and wasn't quite as large as I'd hoped.
Yet the staff were very friendly and the interior simplistic and well presented.
As has been mentioned in previous reviews though, you simply cannot beat the mosque kitchen for vegetable curry and I believe that had I not already been a regular there, I would be rating Kalpna more highly.

I've been here twice in the last month.
Each time the food was great and very delicious.
It is a bit on the pricey side, in my opinion, for the small portions they give.
They have great vegetarian options though, so it was definitely worth it for that aspect.
When we went this last time, we were still hungry after ordering and eating everything that we had to order another dish.
I know that doesn't sound like a big deal, but I've never been to a restaurant where I had to order more food because I was still hungry, so that kind of turned me off a bit to it since the portions are so small.
Otherwise the service was decent and, again, the food was very tasty!

Am Rande der Innenstadt ist das Kalpna vermutlich ausschließlich über eine Empfehlung mit gezielter Suche zu finden.
Touristen verirren sich eigentlich eher weniger hierhin.
Das seit mehreren Generationen als Familienbetrieb geführte Restaurant bietet jede Menge indische vegetarische Kost auf hohem Qualitätsniveau.
Da die Unterschiede der Gerichte für den Laien vermutlich nur schwer auszumachen sind empfiehlt sich eines der traditionellen Set Menüs.
Für 16,95 Pfund bekommt man z.B.
eine große Platte mit dem Namen Thaali Raj Bhog, die nach einer kleinen Vorspeise serviert wird und eine große Auswahl der Karte in kleinen Portionen abdeckt.
Den Kennern der indischen Küche werden Speisen mit den Namen Daal, Palak, Dam Aloo Gobi, Paneer Butter Masala vielleicht etwas sagen.
Ich persönlich habe keinen blassen Schimmer welcher Name zu welchem Schälchen gehört, weiß dafür aber dass alles unglaublich lecker war!

This is a nice place for a quiet drink and a curry!
I am a huge fan of decent veggy curry (when it's done well) and Kalpna was just right.
Edinburgh was beautiful (if freeezing) last week...and happy warming veggy food was just what I needed.
My friend and I munched our way through the saam savera and the paneer butter masala with some naan bread.
I would recommend it all!!
It was delicious, if a teeny bit pricey.
I think this place deserves 3.5 stars...but I am in happy mood, so I'm rounding it up to 4. :)

If you're vegetarian this place is well worth the visit.
Carnivores like myself will find limited options, but they are still very tasty.
The garlic naan was excellent.
Service was a bit slow, but not terrible.

Having lived in south west England for most of my life, I was deprived of South Indian food.
Visiting London was always exciting solely because I could find dosas, idli and thalis.
If you think that curry and biriyani is the only thing Indians eat, come here to prove yourselves wrong.
You can also dine here with the knowledge that you're not eating anything which had a face.
Everything is cooked here with great attention, fresh ingredients and great service.
Just to give you a taster:   Delicious dosas: crispy thin lentil and rice crepes which are filled with a mixture of spicy vegetables and potatoes, accompanied by various sauces, including coconut chutney and spicy sambar.
Idli: Steamed rice cakes, white and spongy in appearance, which can be used to dip into various spicy and cooling sauces.
Uttapam: India's answer to pizza!
Flatbread baked in the oven with various spices, vegetable toppings, and potentially paneer cheese.
Don't miss the kulfi for pudding!

Having just finished exams, I visited Kalpna for the third time last night with my boyfriend, to celebrate.
Whilst I can understand the criticisms of others regarding the compulsory service charge of 10%, if you mentally calculate it while ordering your meal, it doesn't actually make this an expensive meal.
Sure-it would be better if they let you decide how much of a tip you want to give regardless...   Aside from this, I cannot praise the food anymore than I already have.
I went for a memorable masala dosa again, and it didn't disappoint.
It was crispy, the filling was spicy and full of flavour, and the sauces absolutely delicious.
I was offered a refill of the sambar when I eagerly ate it before touching the dosa.
The peanut and chilli dip was really quite special, the coconut cooling and creamy as it should be.
There were so many exciting flavours going on!
Robbie's thali was equally exciting: he got a few fried starters like pakoras with two dips, 2 fresh-from-the-oven naan, two mini portions of curry: one aubergine, the other okra, a lentil dhal, steamed basmati rice and a cardamom and pistachio rice pudding.
It was beautifully served on a traditional silver thali plate, garnished with salad.
It looked doable, but he soon found himself struggling with a huge quantity of food.
Fortunately, it was so good that he did find that extra room in his stomach for everything.
For pudding I opted for a saffron kulfi.
It was creamy, extremely delicious and dense, unlike European ice cream with it softer and airier.
The taste of saffron was very present.
The dosa cost £8.75, the thali £12.50 and the kulfi £3.50.
Having tried just about every South Indian in town, I must emphasise that this is the most authentic.
Dosas are naturally vegetarian, and the addition of chicken and other meat is a Western variation.
On a par with woodlands in London.

I have been coming here for years, I lived across the road in my student days so the lunch time buffet was always a go to for vast amounts of healthy food.
Sadly I am never in town these days at lunch, but I have been in for their evening service many times in the last few years so my review is more focused on that aspect.
Birthday meal for the missus last night who had not been here before and is vegan, so a dedicated veg/vegan curry place was ideal.
First impressions were I liked the new decor.
Service was efficient and attentive.
Now the food.
I always opt for the Thali (All three courses served at once on a tray containing little dishes) in here on the a la carte, alas my favourite the southern Indian Thali hasn't been on the menu for a while.
I opted for the Royal Thali and the missus the vegan thali with popadoms to start.
The poppadoms turned up with pickles and a "with compliments" ... grand.
Everything was great they even presented us with a new pickle we hadn't tried before, which was sag and chilli pickle.
The mains arrived promptly and what a feast to be presented with lots of curry options, great nan and amazing parkoras.
We were too full for the deserts but tried a little of the vegan desert and the rice pud, which were very nice.
The food was excellent and filling, just what we needed.
One of the best Dal's I have tried.
The missus loved her offerings too.
The food was 5 stars for me.
The only downsides was when I paid up and left without checking the bill.
It sounded roughly right but i was in a hurry.
We were charged extra for the pickles that were presented "with compliments" that we didn't order,  the service charge was on there and the beers were not terrible just not good.
The taps really need run through a bit.
All in well worth a visit for the food.
I will be back for the buffet one lunch time, but the extra costs lost a point for what would have been a 5 star review.

