About as secretive as you can get in the Grass MArket, this unnassuming shop front houses an outstanding French cafe.
Crossing traditional with modern French values, this cafe has a relaxed and strangly hypnotic vibe - perfect for watching the worlkd go by with some splendid cafe snacks (Sandwiches, hot mains, soups, cakes and pastrys) and a coffee.
The food itself is a tad on the expensive side, especially with competitors in the area offering similar stuff at more competitive prices.
Regardless of that though it is plainly obvious that people return to Cafe Jacques for the atmosphere and taste of the food, meaning the price is irrelevant.

I had some amusing language difficulties with the friendly staff at this café.
However, they did claim to be the oldest restaurant in the Grassmarket; if this is true, they should definitely make it well known as I'd think that's be worth something!
The restaurant itself is quite small, and definitely benefits from the summer days when it can capitalize on outdoor seating.
As written on its exterior, the menu consists mainly of breakfast, light lunch dishes such as sandwiches and salad, coffee, tea, and cakes.
The dessert by the counter were extremely tempting and I just had to buy a slice of the chocolate cake which was really good.
One meal I haven't eaten out in Edinburgh is breakfast, and I'll be curious to go back there and sample theirs.

The sun was shining down upon the Grassmarket, and after a fruitful (or cupcakeful) excursion to Cakes for Japan, Chris M, Kay L and Darren M and I agreed a wee outside spot to soak up the rays was what we needed.
After, I think, shifting spots at least 3 times (once down to rude waiters, once because the place we chose was full, and the last didn't actually serve coffee) and methodically working our way down the outdoor café seating areas in the Grassmarket, we came across an empty table at Café Jacques.
Perfect.
First off, the seats outside are comfy.
Yep, they are.
I only had a peppermint tea (a bag, not loose leaf.
As a tea drinker, I take note of this distinction everywhere I go) and Chris M a coke.
But Kay and Darren both had some food.
The chicken pannini had cheese that still wasn't melted.
The whole point of a panini is that it includes cheese and this cheese is melted and just nom.
So cold cheese = sad face.
Kay only had half her cheese and tomato toastie.
It looked ok but just...ok. Chris M finished it off (after picking out the tomatoes).
So, we did finish all the food but I didn't really hear any exclamations of how outstanding it was.
The cakes at neighbouring tables looked nice enough but I think it was the 'generic carrot cake' with piped icing carrot that is shipped out to half the cafés in Edinburgh.
One thing I did notice was the toilet.
Did J K Rowling actually base Harry Potter's bedroom under the stairs on this toilet?
The first door up the back of the shop takes you to a small space with a door on the left hand side that even wee me, and my 5'4 frame, had to bend over to go into.
It didn't look like a toilet.
I opened up the slanty door and lo'!
There was one.
It was clean, well-kept but...in a cupboard under the stairs.
How very odd.
Quirky and cute, but odd.
If I ever needed a table out in the sun and there was one free at Café Jacques, I would probably go for it.
But there are more exciting places nearby, one of which does fresh leaf peppermint tea, and another one of the best capucinos in the city so I may also perhaps stroll on.

I visted Edinburgh on my honeymoon in September.
Our first full day of exploring must start with a bountiful breakfast so we had energy to explore all day.
We strolled down to the Grassmarket from our hotel on Prince's St.
Looking up and down, we chose Cafe Jacques because it had the most customers dining.
A good indicator is how busy the place is, right?
We squeezed in, and I DO mean squeezed because it's tiny, and found a seat.
I had a traditional English breakfast and my hubbie the American.
The coffee was SO HOT and I made the mistake of trying to gulp my first taste as I tried to caffeinate my jetlagged self.
My mouth was scorched for the next two days at least.
Although we received a weird look, the waiter brought my husband two tall glasses of milk on request.
Is that an American thing to drink milk with breakfast?
As my three stars indicate, this place was A-OK and got us going on our first full day in Edinburgh.

Conveniently located.
Fine if you just want a quick drink and a sit.
They also do takeaway pastry (mediocre looking pastry), sandwiches, and beverages.
People were totally right about the coffee being too hot though!
JEEBUS that stuff was scalding.
My latte was out to torture tongues.

Unpretentiously charming little place I just happened upon after a wet cold dreary day of sightseeing.
Had the walnut graham cake.
Unbelievably good.

Scotland, your food continues to disappoint me.
The food at Café Jacques was incredibly bland, the bread was a little soggy, it was made fresh but tasted like it had been sitting in a food cabinet all day.
The coffee is awful, please don't even attempt it but i've given 1 star for the smoothie which was drinkable.

On their breakfast menu, the grumpy uncaring folk of Cafe Jacques say they're open to suggestions.
Well here's one: how about trying to serve up actual food rather than the laminated, 'made from powder', tasteless schmap that you're currently slapping down in front of people.
Food does not get worse than this and the coffee is not recognizable as coffee.
Enough said.
In an area of tourist traps serving completely un-thought out offensive over-priced rubbish, Cafe Jacques takes it to a new level.
DO NOT EVEN WALK PAST!
Actually, on second thoughts, avoid Grassmarket altogether.
There's great food in Edinburgh, but it's nowhere near this place.

This place is cute and has an excellent view.
I got the feta and olive salad which was delicious.
My dad loved his big breakfast too.

