A luring combination of ice creams, tray bakes and savoury snacks is enough to get me into most cafes.
La Cerise offers such delights in a cheery mood and with decent degree of scrumptiousness.
They do a delicate apple and blueberry cake at around £1 and combined with one of their strong black coffees is enough to lift your spirits for the day ahead.
La Cerise is an attractive cafe amidst a pretty dreary part of Leith, worth looking out for.

I was really surprised to find La Cerise sitting pretty in this dingy, dreich part of town.
If you could talk to cafe's, I'd ask "what's a cafe like you doing in a place like this?
"  More like a Parisian deli than a cafe in Edinburgh, the delightful La Cerise glimmers like a jewel in this downtrodden area of Leith.
With homemade cakes, Greek pastries, pies and amazing ice cream, it is homemade continental cooking at its best.
Served up off cold slabs, the apple pie looks to die for, and they have delicious specials of the day for low prices.
I on the otherhand skipped straight to dessert and had some lovely, creamy chocolate ice cream (which is homemade I believe).
The place is decorated in rich reds and greens, and its ornate appeal and Victorian tiles give it a very turn of the 20th century, bohemian appeal.
You can imagine a genteel generation keeping up with their memoirs in a place like this.
It adds a bit of much needed flavour to this tacky area, and is a welcome break to the line of takeaways living beside it.
If you can be bothered trudging through the rougher end of Leith to get to it, you will be rewarded with fantastic, eager service with a smile, delicious food and lovely surroundings.
It fits the standard of the Royal Mile, but Leith should be happy to have it in this area!

This ambient cafe on a corner of the otherwise shabby Great Junction Street is testament to Leith's increasing gentrification.
Don't let that put you off however, as La Cerise is a lovely place to stop off for a coffee or some light lunch: it's colourfully decorated inside, with plenty of tables by the window that make it perfect for people watching.
The atmosphere is upbeat and the prices reasonable.
I had a tasty Mediterranean vegetable sandwich, while my friend got a huge slice of lasagne for about £3.50.
What makes La Cerise really stand out, though, is that they sell fresh ice cream, frozen yoghurt and even have a long list of tempting sundaes.
I didn't actually sample any of these when I came as it was a miserable rainy day, but am definitely planning a return visit when the sun comes out.

Although a committed Southsider, I always kind of love this far end of Great Junction Street just for its ... Leithness (and not sure that equates to dingy and dreich - ref earlier review), so was delighted to find that this gem has opened up.
Like the Manna House on Easter Road, I feel that this place does not have any airs or graces, or desire to attract a trendy crowd, hipsters, or yummy mummies, but just serves up great coffee, food and cakes to the wide range of people living around this area.
The interior is pretty stunning (look up at the ceiling) and the staff charming.

What a really lovely wee café this is.
I made my way down to Leith especially for a lunch meeting and sitting amidst the rather sparse surroundings in some parts of Leith was this wee art-deco haven of a café with some of the most delicious looking cakes.
But as I was here for lunch I had (HAD) to pip for savoury even though I am still thinking about how good that home-made custard and plum start looked.
And the apple strudel.
And the rocky road.
Admittedly the savoury options are somewhat limited, but that is testament to the fact that it's all fresh, home-made and it's quality over quantity of choice.
You can have rolls, paninis etc.
of a mixture of their deli items.
The chicken mayo with roasted mediterranean veg and salad brown roll I had came absolutely loaded.
If I acted like a lady (which I don't) I would have had trouble eating this in any sensible fashion.
Open mouth wide, nom.
Done.
It was delicious.
It's quite wee inside, with tables close together and as I said the savoury options aren't huge.
There's one or two hot dishes per day (I think it was chicken, mushroom and leek lasagne today, and a greek pie?
) as well as a soup, the rolls, and filled croissants.
I think the food they do is excellent, but with the limited space and limited options I don't think it's somewhere I would go out of my way of every time.
But if I am in the area, or know people in the area, on the look out for a really independent, quirky wee café with home-made personality and in need of a dee-licious cake or lunchtime spot then I'd highly recommend La Cerise.
I will go back for that plum and custard tart.
Oh yes.

I *love* La Cerise.
I desperately wish it was open at the weekend but I'm told by the staff there that the head baker lady is *so* innundated with cake orders for weddings and such that she needs the weekend to make them all!
Like others reviewing before me I'd agree that the savoury options are a little limited, and the ones I have had have been acceptable but utterly pale in comparison to their...  AMAZING PUDDINGS!!!!!!
oh my bloody fucking good how good are the desserts here?
The chocolate mouse was my first La Cerise love.
It is truly wonderful, it melts in the mouth with a just right sweetness.
Then there's the chocolate tart.
Get it warmed up by the staff (the usually offer) so that it oozes gently, mixed with the incredible home made coconut ice cream and it's a winner combo.
Or yesterday I had a peanut butter and Jam brownie.
Which actually tasted of both peanut butter AND jam, unlike so many other attempts I've tried in my life.
Really for it's little failings La Cerise should be getting 4 stars but the quality of it's puddings are so, SO good that It gets 5 stars from me anyway!

On my first day in my new job, my colleagues introduced me to the wonderful world of 'La Cerise'...and completely dashed my hopes of losing weight during my stint of working in Edinburgh!
My home-made lunch was gleefully tossed aside in favour of a delicious, jam-packed tuna nicoise croissant which, at £2.60, was worth every penny!
You can have a variety of different rolls & fillings, and the range of quiches & pasties also on offer looked so tasty!
However (and here's where the diet goes awry!
), what makes 'La Cerise' definitely worth a visit, is the mouth-watering selection of pastries, cakes & ice-creams.
They look beautiful, and taste AMAZING!
My current favourite is the raspberry & chocolate mousse, and even though I'm happy as a clam with this, I still get pudding envy on seeing everyone elses!
The patisserie is quite wee when you sit in, but it's full of character and there are always good tunes playing in the background.
The staff are friendly, extremely efficient and have oodles of patience while they wait on me choosing what to have for lunch!
The only downside is the aforementioned closure at weekends, but if you can get here for lunch on a week day, you won't be disappointed...although you may find your willpower will go right out the window!

I felt the need to update this review for a pair of reasons.
Firstly if you haven't tried the black magic Guinness cake from here you literally have robbed your senses of a wonderful thing.
Secondly is to mention just how much cheaper la cerise is than most other coffee and cake places in Edinburgh.
For instance, cuckoos bakery will charge you £1.80 for a tin of juice and £3.50 for a cup cake.
In la cerise you can get the drink for a pound and a massive slab of cake (some are big enough to share without feeling hard done by) for £2.50.
They also do little tasty muffins for 95p.
This ladies and gentlemen is obscenely good value, the kind that is disastrous for ones figure.
God help those of us that live less than a minutes walk from it.

Having La Cerise just down the road from work is both a blessing and a curse... a curse in the sense that I want to lunch from here far too often than is good for the budget!
The service is always friendly, the food is always fantastic, the coffee is pretty good and they make their own ice cream on site.. what's not to like??!!
I think their prices are quite reasonable as well for the quality of food you get.
All their sandwich options you can have in your choice of panini, croissant, wrap or bun.
There's usually a soup of the day, pasta of the day (often lasagne or mac & cheese) as well as a vege option of the day.
If you're in the area, don't hesitate to pop in for a bite!

This is a wee gem of a place on Great Junction Street, and a favourite of mine for a lunchtime treat.
The sandwiches are lovely, and the cakes are also fantastic.
The place has the vibe of a French patisserie, and you can sit in or take away.
Customer service is always top notch, the ladies at La Cerise are attentive and helpful and make your sandwiches from scratch.
There's also a big ice cream cabinet, but I've not had the pleasure of tucking into it yet.
Looks perfect for the summer time!

A winner!
Lovingly crafted cakes and coffees.
Welcoming atmosphere.
I only wish they had outdoor tables or a patio out the back.
The pistachio éclairs and blueberry cheesecake are off-the-hook.
Home-made ice creams too.
Get some.

