I absolutely have to give Fishers a resounding five stars, as after trying almost everything they have on the menu over the last few years, I am now happy to say I've gathered enough food sampling evidence to conclude that this place is always awesome.
Consistently amazing food is the the aim of every restaurant I would imagine, and Fishers has certainly succeeded in attaining this.
Not once have I ever come in here and found something to be tasteless, bland, or anything less than delicious.
Neither has my food ever arrived late, plus the staff are always charming and accommodating.
The menu changes quite regularly at Fishers, but my personal recommendations from the regular menu fixtures would be the mussels, with whatever yummy sauce of the day is on offer, the fish cakes and the eternally fantastic scallops.
And if you're not an avid seafood enthusiast, no stress required, there are always meat and veggie options to be had from the menu.
Very reasonably priced for the generous portions and quality of food, so if you are arranging any kind of dinner that just has to be good, or else there'll be dubious consequences (first dinner with potential inlaws, clients you need to make a deal with, someone you want to manipulate into loving you through feeding them, you get the picture), then this is your place, I'm telling you.

If you like seafood, good seafood, then you HAVE to come to Fishers.
It's absolutely amazing!!
I never knew fish could taste so so good.
Their menu is really good (if maybe a bit small, but that suits me fine) and they always have some specials.
I must say though - if you go here on this recommendation then you have to have the mussels too.
They have a smaller starter portion and a large main, but to be honest the starter is more than enough!
I was too full for my halibut after the mussels.
If you're a mussels fan - or even if you're not - try these mussels.
D.E.L.I.C.I.O.U.S!!!!!!
They always have a meat option too if you don't fancy fish.
The bad thing about Fishers is the toilets...or lack thereof!
They need more than one!

My friend brought me here for lunch on my birthday, and as the world's biggest seafood junkie I was more than a little bit excited.
As soon as you walk in, you see why everyone raves about how beautiful it is; I love the huge L-shaped aquarium that lines almost two entire walls of the raised area where we sat.
One thing I did think was cheeky though, was that despite my friend having phoned ahead to reserve a table for their Table D'Hote lunch menu, the waiter only gave us the Á La Carte one.
Which would have been fine, except that two courses from the set menu cost less than one single main course from the Á La Carte.
When we asked another waitress she brought us the set menu straightaway, but it annoyed me the way they were just trying to sneak as much money out of us as possible.
Rant over, the food was incredible.
I honestly can't remember what my friend had, as I was so engrossed in my own food, it was that good!
My starter of mackerel with a pine nut and green bean salad was really well-presented, and the drizzle of mint pesto around the edge added that extra little touch.
But it was my main course that really trumped it: a huge fillet of seared coley sitting on a bed of greens and swimming in a shrimp and mussel bisque, and I'm actually getting hungry just writing about it.
If they did takeaway I'm fairly sure I'd have my phone in my hand right now...
The fact that they do at least half a dozen different wines by the glass was also a definite plus point, and they were really reasonably priced considering the quality.
I think it's safe to say I will definitely be going back.

Fishers in the City is here to bring you food from the sea.
The atmosphere is fantastic with a nice classy feel.
Definitely try the sea food soup.
it was fantastic.
I was expecting life changing sea food from some of the things I had heard.
I got some great food, but it didn't change my life.

My boyfriend and I found the restaurant by accident on New Year's Eve in the early evening.
Though we didn't have a reservation, they were able to squeeze us in at 6pm.
It was a fantastic experience!
We had the fishcakes appetizer, which was a little different than we were expecting (we though it would be more of a crabcake consistency), but it was very good.
The Cod was sublime and the Lemon Sole was delicous as well.
Do your tastebuds a favor and go to Fishers!

As I write this it occurred to me I do tend to always be giving restaurants high marks, then I realised it just i have great taste when it comes to booking places ;)  So anyway I was going to give this place 4 stars but then started thinking...... well....what am I taking a star off for........the wine was great......the service was great.........the food was awesome....so really yeah its got to be 5 stars.
As so what i had well this will come to no shock to many but I started off with a beautiful plate of oysters!
Just stunning, fresh as can be and taste like the sea!
(hold on the rhymes career in advertising here I come).
For main I had the bengali fish curry, now i wont for a second try and say whether or not it was authetntic but damn was it tasty.
It was that kind of spicy there you mouth is kind of burnign but you dont care cause all of the falvours are just tremendous.
If i had to criticise I would say would be nice to have some flatbread with it.
Desert was rhubarb trifle, really nice young rhubarb that had a beautiful biiter/sweet flavour.
JD = HAPPY man!

Review from visit July 2010.
Was with my parents so wanted it to be a fantastic dining experience, and it just wasn't.
The food was good - we did the early dinner prix fixe special (portions a bit awkward, tiny 1st plates with enormous 2nd plates.
)  My problem was the service.
We had a reservation, and the place was NOT crowded atall.
Even so, service was below average.
We waited a solid 10 minutes before getting waters or drink menus.
After that, it wasn't clear who was our server.
4 different people came to bring us things throughout the night, no one made a clear introduction or greeting at the beginning.
So overall this left a bad taste in my mouth.
Perhaps I was particularly sensitive as I wanted my parents to feel welcomed to my city.
Service was bad enough that I wouldn't return despite the good food.
I'd rather keep looking around for a place that meets exceptional standards across the board.

Had an arugula salad and the fish curry.
Both were out of this world.
I wanted to go back for seconds the next night!
Everyone in our group enjoyed the meal.

Weekend trip to Edinburgh and chanced it on a Friday with no reservation - big props to the maitre d who hooked us up straight away, having read the positive reviews was expecting the place to deliver and it certainly did!
Rating should be 4.5 stars, only downer was the halibut ceviche which wasn't as good as i thought it would be...  Oysters, scallops and langoustines were divine and the prosecco set it off lovely... bearing in mind e had just been doing our own DIY scotch tour in the bar down the road we eased off the booze and were pleasantly surprised by the very reasonable bill  highly recommended

I adore Thistle Street, as it has some great places for dinner and/or drinks.
Fishers didn't quite cut it, for me.
It's a bit of a tourist trap, has an odd layout that really doesn't make best use of the space available, and the dishes didn't quite balance, for me.
Overall, we said: "Fishers in the City serves pretty good dishes, with good local ingredients, but somehow doesn't quite hit the mark, for me.
I enjoyed the soup, muchly, and the lemon sole was lovely, but a little clearer thought needs applied to the construction of the dishes, to ensure that the best is made from the star ingredients.
The business is making its money from tourist trade, and more power to its elbow for that, so my quibbles are less relevant to how they shape their service than those of their international clientele.
I think there's room for improvement, but that improvement needs to ensure that it capitalises upon their current broad appeal.

Lots of choices for seafood.
The monkfish cheeks and pea soup was amazing.
However the shellfish platter wasn't as great as it should have been.
There was plenty on the plate (too much for one person I found) but the qualify of some of the items was just average.

I'll have to agree with Blythe R on this restaurant.
While they certainly use great ingredients, I'm not convinced with the way they put them all together.
I had the waiter recommended Orkney Scallops, and while I thought the use of the smoked salmon hollandaise was interesting, the creamy sauce was too overwhelming  for the scallops, in my opinion.
I'd be willing to give this restaurant another try, next time I'm in town, but for now, it was just ok.

I love, love, love this place.
From the time you first walk in and are tantalized by the wonderful smell to the impecible service and absolutely delicious food.
This place is the best.
I HIGHLY recommend the Fish and Chips.
It was the best I've ever had in my life!

Fishers is a little gem of a restaurant hidden away on the cobbled road of Thistle street.
First heard of this place through my sister so my family and I decided to go have a meal there.
First of all the restaurant itself is laid out very well the service and the staff are excellent.
The food on the other hand was sublime.
Everything I ordered was absolutely mouthwatering!
This has been the case everytime I've been back to Fishers.
I would recommend it to anyone and everyone!
Although it is a bit pricey I have to say every penny was worth it.
Another thing about this restaurant is that they keep changing the menu every so often which keeps things interesting and exciting.
If your appetite is big enough try everything :D

Had reservations and were excited to eat here.
Unfortunately, the kitchen was excruciatingly slow, and the waitstaff did not seemed concerned about the delays in the least.
The food did not redeem the poor service: scallops were rubbery, spinach overcooked.
I wouldn't recommend Fishers in the City.

I have had the pleasure of eating here twice now.
It's a particular favourite for taking guests from out of town to.
Fantastic locally Scottish fish, of which the Scottish Haddock is my particular favourite.
The service is good, the food is incredible and it's reasonably priced!
It has a nice independent feel to it.
I would be very happy to recommend it, and I will be certainly going again!

I've glanced at Fishers so many times, but the menu has never really leapt out at me, until tonight.
We were roaming around seeking inspiration for an impromptu meal out, and after a few lacklustre 'hmm I guess that would do...' menus, we came across Fishers, and both of us lit up.
I tucked into the spiced aubergine soup (tasty and spicy, with nice texture from almond slices) and penang curry which was lovely and had the perfect level of spice for me.
The pineapple chutney was fantastic, the fruity flavour cut nicely through the rich coconut.
The SR had the deluxe fish and chips (fish and battered prawns), some fantastic looking chips.
I didn't get a look in, but then again, neither did he, we both jealously guarded our plates.
It's not a 5 star, I did think the service was at times a little too hovery, and I was floored when I saw the price of the curry (£20)...
I am not 100% convinced that although it was lovely, it was £20 lovely.
But, saying that, I'd definitely recommend to others, and hope to return at some point as well.

Great seafood.
Fine service.
We had fish soup, which was good.
Raw oysters were delicious.
Mussels with garlic - we enjoyed a lot!
I also had curry prawn and fish... Well, I didn't like it, but I think I just understood curry&seafood is not a very good idea for me.
And in the end the sticky toffee was wonderful.
Pricing is fair - it was 50 pounds overall.
Try have 16 pounds for a full course and that's how we got the soup, curry and toffee, but the oysters are individually not part of this.
Overall - highly recommended!

Great place.
Fantastic food, professional service and great drinks.
The food was reasonably priced and appears a great effort was made in presentation.
Every dished on the table looked delicious.
I will certainly be back when I am in Edinburgh.

Solid 4 stars from me - was pretty great but I wasn't blown away, although I can't fault much.
We popped in for lunch - not the cheapest place in town but eating seafood in Scotland usually is an expensive business.
I went for the lunch special - langoustines with scallops (£23).
I was pleased to see they served the scallops with roe on them - yes!
Lots of people remove this which is just plain wrong and the scallops were decently sized - unfortunately one of my scallops was missing the roe :-(  Langoustines were perfectly cooked and really great.
Eating shellfish can be a messy business but all the required 'equipment' was provided.
Service - good, left to chat and the occasional enquiry if we needed anything else but apart from that, all good.
A glass of Sancerre went with the seafood and we ordered some chips on the side (salad came with the shellfish).
The chips were ok, nothing special.
Staff can advise what is Gluten Free (GF) but no GF bread available.
So, decently, well prepared seafood in the centre of town.

