Absolutely love this place (the former Cafe Florentin) and have visited every time I have been in Edinburgh over the past ten years.
Fresh, good food, excellent cappuccino and coffee and only steps from the Royal Mile up near the Castle.
A must do when in Edinburgh!

This is a delightful little cafe just off the Royal Mile.
Exhausted after touring the castle and shopping, we stopped in for a respite.
We had the tomato soup & bread (excellent!
), hummus & pita (okay), tried some Scotch (okay) and a Diet Coke (no surprise here).
All in all, a lovely experience.

I have to confess--I've only eaten one course here on two different occasions--dessert!
Saint Giles has wonderful desserts--their chocolate torte is decadent, but my personal favorite is the Nutella Waffle, which is amazing beyond belief.
They have good coffee and the dinners, cheese plates, and salads we've seen other patrons ordering look scrumptious.
We like their fare so much that we went back a second evening.
And best of all, they're open until well after midnight, which is terrific when you'd like a  late night snack & a cup of tea or a glass of wine to go with it.
The inside is dimly romantic, with cool modern, yet warm decor.
It's a perfect place for a romantic dinner for two or late night philosophical discussions over a cup of coffee.
The staff is attentive--I had no complaints.
Located on the Royal Mile, the neighborhood is a delight to wander through, especially during the mad cap days of the Fringe Festival.
All in all, we'll be returning to Saint Giles Cafe and Bar next time we're in town.

There are few places in Edinburgh that I'll travel to, but this place is something special.
The cure yellow themes and old-fashioned decorations has to be seen to be believed.
I always come here with my mum to have a hot chocolate and carrot cake....it's to DIE for!!
The presentation of their cakes is amazing, they put their heart and soul into making sure everything is just right.
The cafe itself is really lovely and quaint.
They sometimes have live music, which is wonderful to sit and listen to - i feel like I'm in sex and the city sometimes.
The best thing of all is it's really cheap!
Bargain!
This place is really special

This is a great little coffee shop, just off the bustle and sometimes chaos of the Royal Mile, and near St. Giles Cathedral, so if you forget where you're supposed to be going, just retain in your mind that the cafe is across the road from the cathedral, and you can't go wrong.
This is one of the few cafes/bars that I really feel completely comfortable in sitting by myself, whether reading, chilling, or doing some work.
I just think some places automatically have that atmosphere about them, where you feel instantly relaxed, Despite having such a central location, it's definitely a place to hide away and get a bit of peace.
I'm a fan of cafes that suit both daytime and night time banter, and Cafe Saint Giles certainly does that, with its spacious and attractive premises on two floors being ideal for a cheeky glass of wine of an evening, with the added advantange of just the right level of candlelit, flattering lighting.
I'm definitely a fan of the non full beam lighting scheme in any establishment.
They also serve decent food throughout the day, from light bites, salads and sandwiches, to cakes and pastries.

Located just across St Giles church, this bright yellow coloured cafe is hard to miss.
Divided over two floors it offers a nice coffee and food break from trailing up and down Old Town.
It does make excellent cappuccino and I am a fan of the tea selection, the apple pie and the fact that they do table service.
What I'm not that keen on is the attempt for something "old fashioned" decoration, what with the fake candlelight along the beautiful stone walls.
But of course design is a matter of taste and this is sure a nicer stop for a  breather and a caffeine kick from the Royal Mile craziness.

I've always been a fan of this little cafe just opposite st. giles cathedral - and up until now I have never quite been sure why.
I think I may have got it though - no matter when you come in here, not only will you recieve a lovely welcome, but its almost as though you are transported away to somwhere far from the hustle and bustle of the royal mile.
It's still there, but like you are hearing it through cotton and seeing it through someone elses glasses - the cafe is such a great little escape.
Of course thats not the only reason I like this place - its a lovely little place set across two floors that does really nice teas and coffees as well as some splended food.
The deserts are a special favourate of mine.
So when you need to get off your feet and away from the royal mile, head here.

This is a fantastic coffee shop/cafe, it has a really nice relaxed atmosphere, there's a great selection hot and cold beverages and they have an excellent selection of cakes too.
I'm always partial to a cake and on my visit here I found it rather difficult when it came to deciding what one I wanted.
If you get a seat near the window, it's a prime people watching spot and for it's location, the prices are very reasonable indeed.
In addition to cakes, tea and coffees you can also order food and although I've never tasted the food here myself I've noticed other diners orders and the food looks top notch.

This cafe is the former Cafe Florentin.
I tend to go there for one of two things: coffee or hot chocolate.
They serve it in a classy way, too: in a tall glass.
Though the menu isn't spectacular it has a really comforting design and is located smack in the middle of loads of Edinburgh's touristic attractions: i.e.
St Giles Cathedral, just off the Royal Mile.
It's a great relief away from the bustle of Royal Mile tourists and is possibly the warmest feeling (not temperature-like) cafe in Edinburgh.
They have great soup and good baked potatos alongside a light-lunch affair.
The space is comfortable, with high ceilings and wooden floors.
It has an upstairs that isn't often used.
One of the problems I have with this cafe is that it's full of suits, but that's what happens whenever somewhere looks kinda cosy.

A short distance from the hostels on Cowgate, I found St Giles' Café Bar located on High Street, adjacent to its namesake - St Giles' Cathedral.
French style café with small tables served amazing bacon-covered waffles with lettuce and tomato.
An unexpected pairing for breakfast, wonderfully executed for cheap.
Super quiet and cozy, the coffee is great.

This is a lovely little cafe I stumbled upon off the Royal Mile.
We wanted to something warm to drink and a bite to eat for a late breakfast and our needs were met.
They had a special with yogurt, granola and a pastry or toast (I can't seem to recall exactly, but I think it was a croissant), plus a juice and tea or coffee.
The food was good and my coffee was fresh and smooth, my boyfriend's tea was also nice, light and crisp.
The orange juice was fresh and yummy.

The interior is cosy and dimly lit, and I absolutely love the fact it's a cafe and a bar, and it successfully straddles both.
There is a lot of seating, upstairs and downstairs, the staff were friendly and the locations is superb.
It's a bit expensive for some of the food items I would say, at almost £7 for a ciabatta and £4.70 for carrot cake... Ok so maybe they are awesome and therefore justify the price, I hope so!
I will have to try them.
Coffee is reasonably priced for this area and I had a croissant with it, tasty.
Nice independent cafe.

People don't think of a cathedral being a great place for food - yet this is.
The staff are friendly, the food tastes excellent with homebaked everything, furthermore - good coffee.
Off the Royal Mile, and out of the bustle.
It is a bit on the pricier side of things, but worth it.

It was my birthday and we took the train over to Edinburgh for some touristy bits and nice drinks.
Popped in here to a) escape the rain b) get our bearings and c) see what all these flyers being thrust at us were for.
This was a nice little find, a table free and a decent menu for both alcohol and brunch options.
I went for an apple juice (mmm cloudy) and some soup whilst the boy went for a brew and a ham & cheese croissant.
My soup was a very reasonable £3.50 and was lovely.
The boys croissant was also yum but a slightly hefty £7.
Service good if not a little slow when coming to pay.
Bet its a lovely spot for an evening bottle of wine.

Myself and Jenny had made several plans where we had aimed on going here.
Third time is a charm, we finally made it, on a crisp December morning.
I did arrive a little early, but the staff were not in any rush to make me order which is always nice.
We both decided to have an americano.
I also had not had any breakfast so went for what was named on the menu as a chocolate croissant.
It did in fact turn out to be a pain au chocolat, not that I have a problem with that!?
But just name it what it is.
The coffee was fine, no better or worse than an average cup.
My pastry was very nice, lovely and warm.
The surroundings here are lovely, spacious.
The furniture is all wooden, but it still feels cosy inside.
They also had some brilliant artwork on the walls - a king kong - esque scene with the city in the background being Edinburgh, quite fancied one myself.
Overall, it was fine.
But I would be reluctant to return purely based on the fact that because it is placed just off the royal mile the prices are a little on the steep side.
My Pain au chocolat was priced at £2.50.
The usual places I would pick one up from are usually half this.

Having just finished exploring the Edinburgh Castle and were walking along the Royal Mile, we stumbled upon Saint Giles Cafe down the street near Saint Giles Cathedral.
We each had a lovely heated croissant sandwich and side salad.
My caprese was pipping hot and deliciously cheesy.
The menu is a little limited for lunch and for vegetarians, but it was a nice place to stop in before further exploring along the Royal Mile.

What a wonderful find!
My wife and I "stumbled" on this place while walking around Edinburgh.
It only has like 4 tables.
However, I'd stand in line for an hour to eat here!
For anyone who knows Edinburgh, the restaurants are not a particular bargain and, until we ate here, nothing I'd brag about either.
However, Cafe Florentin's prices are like half of every place else, the food excellent, the service great, etc.
You can tell that everything is prepared from scratch and actually see the chef working in the kitchen.
There's also an abundance of scruptuous desserts include cheesecakes, pies, etc.

Came across after visiting the Castle.
The waffle with bacon was amazing!
Friendly service and delicious food.
Little pricy, but par for Royal Mile.

Good location ,good food and wonderful ambience,slightly pricey as have just moved back from the states bagels are less than half price.

Beautiful interior that will transport you to yesteryear.
And an especially friendly and honest staff; I accidentally left a collection of samples of mature single-malt scotch there and they kept it safe until I came back to claim it.
Thank you!

Charming!
Bright!
Airy!
Whimsical!
I like it.
A bit of something different in the heart of the tourist area of Edinburgh...it's got a touch of Art Nouveau, Paris, art and sunflowers.
A great spot to wet your whistle.

found this nice little eatery on a side street off the Royal Mile.
Small and not much seating, but it was a great stopping place.
Food was delicious, service great.
They apparently take reservations as two tables had reserved signs on them.

Popped in here mid evening whilst waiting for the next Fringe show to start down the road, had one of the best quality Mocha's in Edinburgh.
thanks I will be back.

We stopped into the Cafe while waiting for a tour of Mary King's Close, just around the corner.
The menu had typical cafe fare, but it was the St. Giles' Waffle that really intrigued me.
Belgian waffle, crispy bits of bacon, warm melted brie cheese, and a drizzle of maple syrup.
It was amazing.
We went back twice more in our short weekend there.

This was a few months back when I went and completely forgot to check in .
My friend was visiting and wanted a bite before we went to see the castle .
This cafe looks inviting, warm and not touristy .
We both really enjoyed what turned into a early lunch !
I had a lovely chicken sandwich with Brie .
My friend had a waffle with Brie , bacon and maple syrup which she really enjoyed.
Not bad prices but bit great ...
It's right off the royal mile so really it's expected.
Cute place would go again .

My time here was short but I enjoyed a lot!!
Cosy, veryyy friendly and quite cheap.
I had breakfast: cappuccino and very good croissant with butter and jelly, and I recommend as a basic good for any occasion.
Also hot chocolate is good!
I'll come back for sure and I visit Edinburgh again :)

