This place was pretty neat.
Name comes from the location, as it has been a pub since the days of the gallows, just outside in the market street.
Likely the pub where many criminals had their last drop of beer... so perhaps not so innocent a name as it might appear.
Food was good, beer was good, prices were good.
Nice, and fairly standard pub.

After traveling around Scotland, I have to say this was one of our favorite restaurant/pubs.
I got the vegetarian haggis with mash and neeps (mashed turnips).
Never having eaten mashed or even cooked turnips before, I was in for a great surprise at the special zing turnips bring to a simple mashed dish.
The vegetarian haggis was also delish and well accompanied by a pint of the Belhaven Best.
I would highly recommend this to anyone visiting Edinburgh for its great location, good food, and even available boardgames for passing the time in a Edinburgh bar.

Great place.
The staff is really friendly.
I spent an afternoon drinking beer and chatting with the bartender and a few of the patrons.
Cozy and ambient.
Located in Grassmarket, the pub gets it's name from being close to the former Edinburgh gallows.
Several pubs in the neighborhood try to capitalize off Grassmarket's gory lore, but The Last Drop is the most authentic and kitch free of them.
I met a married couple that met at the Last Drop.
This story did not surprise me, it is totally the type of place where it is easy to meet new people.
Didn't eat there but I hear the food is good too.

we spent friday night here for my boyfriend's birthday celebrations.
snagging a big table on a friday night took just a bit of waiting and then the next few hours passed easily as folks filtered in and out.
there was plenty of room at our big table(s) for the 10 or so people in our group and no one minded when things got a bit raucous.
i have no idea how pricey the drinks are as no one let me buy my own all night!
but the pistachios weren't too expensive and i was happy to munch them down throughout the evening.
the music wasn't too loud and the barstaff seemed quite friendly.
the crowd was pretty cool, too.
my only gripe is that, on the way out as the place was closing, the jellybean machine ate my 20p.
boo.

Definitely cozy.
Not cozy as in small, but cozy as in quaint.
They had candles lit on top of wine bottles, plaques commemorating Scottish heros and geniuses, and a great selection of beers and whiskies.
Service was great, environment was great, and the music on the pipes was fantastic.

Like Andrew, I also lost my haggis virginity to The Last Drop.
Our tour guide had mentioned it had the best haggis in town, so we went back the next night to try some.
The pub itself has a really interesting history -- supposedly it's named so because it's where prisoners about to be executed in the square just outside the pub would go to have their last drop of ale before facing their "last drop" at the gallows.
My friends and I felt as apprehensive as these prisoners as we walked in and snagged the only open table.
The place was packed, mostly with locals (a few of them tried to strike up conversations with us but we couldn't understand a word they said), and there was a rugby game going on so we could barely hear ourselves think.
We ordered the taster haggis, neeps, and tatties and a small order of nachos.
The nachos were mediocre -- the sour cream was suspiciously lumpy, and the salsa was definitely NOT salsa (or at least not by American standards).
The haggis... Well, I really don't have a comparison point for that.
My ftiends claim it tasted like ground beef, but I personally wasn't a fan.
The texture was just... Not right.
Then again I have to give props to the pub for making something like haggis edible enough for me to eat more than one bite.
The staff was friendly and the drinks were cheap (only £2 for a pint of Strongbow).
It was definitely an older crowd, though, which is why I don't think I'd go back if I ever returned to Edinburgh.

The Last Drop is a pretty standard traditional pub in the Grassmarket, because of it's location it tends to attract a horrendous amount of tourists - I think the fact that the menu features haggis has something to do with it.
The boyfriend and I popped in for a quiet drink one Saturday afternoon and within about ten minutes of our arrival, the place was besieged by aforementioned tourists - we were convinced that it must have a good write-up in a Spanish guidebook, given the amount of Español being spoken.
As a local, I can confidently assert that this place does not do the best haggis in Edinburgh and that there are plenty of better (less crowded) drinking establishments in the vicinity of the Grassmarket.

Many people do not realise the significance of the name 'Last Drop' for a pub.
While most suggest that the name referes to the last drop of your drink - few seem to realsie the significance associated with the Hangmans Gallows.
Pubs named the 'Last Drop' were often the last pub before the gallows and provided the customary final drink before the condemmed was hung until dead - the metaphorical 'last drop'.
Anyway, History lesson aside - the Last Drop Tavern is a well situated traditional Scottish pub in the heart of the Grass market.
While tourists can become an annoying feature of the Last Drop, it is more often than not simply a great place to relax and enjoy a large selection of whiskys, ales and other drinks with abit of pub grub thrown in for good measure.
What more could you ask for?
As a special treat - the bathrooms are painted with chalk board style paint and coloured chalks are provided - a great way to keep graffiti down, but also a hilariuos communication tool.
The LAst Drop is a good place for a drink and some Haggis - but tourists can become a bit annoying.

When you visit a pub such as The Last Drop, by default everyone in here will assume you're a tourist, including the staff.
Like all tourist pubs, the most memorble part of the whole experience is feeling the full force of each member of staff's contempt, derision and in some cases, pity (usually after they've handed you your meagre pile of change).
Having worked in a bar myself, I'm no stranger to this feeling of utter loathing towards the mindless piss artists that paid my wages.
Apart from that, it's fairly pointless, but if I ever want to be reminded of how I felt making a living pulling pints for arseholes, I know where to come.
Funnily enough, I rarely do.

The Last drop is smack bang in the middle of the Grassmarket, and thus firmly set amidst many of Edinburgh's tourist attractions.
Sunny days ensure the pub is heaving, with all the outdoor seating taken up.
For this, and as a non-tourist, I'd usually walk straight past the pub and leave it to the newcomers.
Still, the Last Drop Tavern pulls the punters in for a reason.
Turning on the Scottish charm with the likes of haggis, a wide selection of whiskies and some fine ales it's no wonder tourists flock to here.

The Last Drop was the first bar I ever went to in Edinburgh, where I ordered a vodka and coke (standard, the Malibu, Peach Schnapps and Aftershock chaser phase was yet to happen) and sat around staring at people and looking uneasy.
What do my alcohol choices  of the nineties have to do with anything you might be thinking?
Well, nothing really, I just took the chance to have yet another reminisce about my early drinking years, because the novelty phase when you first start drinking is definitely the best.
Anyway, about the pub, being situated where it is, right in the Grassmarket, Last Drop is part of a busy strip of pubs, which are always heaving with people.
Last Drop is a lot cosier and welcoming looking than some of the others, and there are some nice booths to sit down in and settle with a drink for the night.
Just a nice wee pub really, no complaints.
It will be absolutely rammed during the festival in August, but then again, where isn't?

I'm a Yank -- I've been here twice in 9 months and I've frequented enough pubs in my life to know what's genuine.
The last drop is fantastic -- great service and terrific food.
The haggis is the best -- has a nice kick to it.
For you non-Americans, that means it's spicy, not spicy like that ketchup and onions you try to pass off as salsa over there, but real spice that will make your tongue crawl back to your stomach.
I love this place and the interior feels like what a pub should be.
Never mind the hen and stag parties, enjoy a last drop at the last drop.

The name of this pub fills me with a sense of urgency - drink the last drop up before it's too late!
So when I'm visiting Edinburgh, it beckons me in to have a little dram (or in my case, a cider or a beer since I'm so classy).
Selling the standard collection of beers and ales, this traditional pub is cosy, calm and always busy enough to show you that it caters to a wide variety of customers.
As Cheryl said, it is of course bustling during the festival season, but that gives it an added buzz.
For the rest of the year, it's a nice place to run to when the rain is coming down and you fancy a wee drink to warm you up before the journey home.
Servicable as a local as much as it is good for an evening meet up, you could do a lot worse than this wee tavern in the Grassmarket.

Being situated in the Grassmarket, Last Drop Tavern is certainly a hit with the tourists who flock to the bar on Friday and Saturday nights in particular.
I've been here a few times prior to nights out and you're always able to meet an eclectic range of interesting people from around the world no matter what time of year it is.
The drinks are verging on expensive with most pints costing at least £3 and the food doesn't come cheap either.
However, it has a great atmosphere with plenty of comfortable seating, stylish decor and loads of space to relax in with your friends.
The staff aren't the most friendly, but they do the job and sort the queues in no time.
A good place to try out if you're in the area.

A lot of hangings are performed under the influence of alcohol, one way or another, so I suppose it's appropriate to name a pub after the gallows.
So yes they used to hang people opposite the current location of the very punny "Last Drop" Tavern.
Being a pub in this part of town isn't an easy job, it's a small pond with a lot of fish.
It seems locals like to be mean about touristy pubs.
Sometimes with justification.
But quite frankly I often find local pubs for local people to be far more unfriendly and these so called tourist pubs to be a far more enjoyable premise to enjoy a drink.
And actually a lot of tourists are not just rich ignorant leeches, but interesting travellers.
The Last Drop in particular seems to attract backpackers.
This makes for great opportunity to meet new people from all over the world then quickly forget all about them depending on how the evening progresses.
Okay so Last Drop isn't spectacular, but it's typically pub food, real ales and predictable whiskies are strangely comforting in this bright, relaxed, friendly environment.
The only thing that does tend to grate with me regards tourists are the crowds.
In summer time it becomes too crowded for me and I no longer feel comfortable drowning my sorrows in the shadows.

I would definitely regard Last Drop as one of the more notable pubs in the Grassmarket.
What Last Drop has by the bucket load is character.
From the outside, the warm maroon colour offers an attraction, and upon entering, the customer is not disappointed.
Inside, the pub is very bright yet still maintains a cosy atmosphere.
The interior is well seated with traditional oak chairs and stools and the walls present many interesting objects.
These include blackboards (with chalk available to write what you will), a strangely curious piece of metal apparatus which is apparently an early pinball machine and, my personal highlight, hundreds of bank notes pasted on the ceiling and top of the walls around the bar.
Unfortunately, being a pub of Grassmarket, drinks can be a little on the pricey side.
However, it is no more expensive than it's neighbours and so if you're only out for a drink or two, it is certainly worth it given the pleasantness of the Grassmarket and the interesting atmosphere generated by this tavern.

Situated in the bustling surroundings of Edinburgh's Grassmarket, underneath the imposing shadow of the Castle, The Last Drop is nothing if not atmospheric.
With its low ceilings and wooden beams, The Last Drop manages to successfully walk the fine line between traditional and tacky.
Named in reference to the Grassmarket's grisly history as a public execution point, the pub was originally was the last stop for the condemned to have a final tipple before facing the gallows.
To be fair, the clientele seems to have changed a bit since the 18th Century.
Although, like all the Grassmarket pubs, The Last Drop attracts a fair number of tourists, it still manages to retain a local, working pub vibe, with a good selection of beers and ales, as well as everything else you would expect.
One bonus to The Last Drop is the bar staff.
One barman has got the art of pouring, chatting and giving change down to a fine art.
With multiple people getting served at all times, he can give the the payment from one customer to another as change without going through the till.
Assuming that he does this correctly (I didn't see him get it wrong), it is a genuinely brilliant spectacle; at times he seems to have more arms than a Hindu God.

Until last night, I hadn't been in the Last Drop for years.
It's a friend's favorite pub but when I was younger and my tastes were different, I was never terribly fond of it.
I think that's because it's small and has the tendency to get mega crowded.
Now, that is still something which would put me off, but I know enough now to label it a week day pub.
When I walked in I remembered how much I did always like the interior.
It is a funny shaped pub which means that about half of the tables are tucked away in a corner.
From memory, they also have board games, which is very good fun.
The toilets -the ladies, at least- are clean and graffiti-free due to the chalk boards which are made available.
The absolute stars of the place are the bartenders.
I walked up to the bar and was within minutes asked where I'm from, how long I've lived in Edinburgh, what I do for a living.
The bartender was so good for a laugh I hardly noticed that my friend was 15 minutes late.
Another big plus is that, even in a very touristy area, my pint was £2.95.
I feel hard pressed to pay less than £3 for a pint these days and this made me very happy.
I can't comment on the food because I've never eaten here, but I imagine it would be standard microwave fare.
All in all, I'm really glad I gave this place another chance.
I am definitely sorted for where to go for after work drinks.

As confirmed by a local the Last Drop Tavern is a bit touristy but a few, maybe more than few, of them still make it for a pint or a pub meal.
The grub here is pretty good but a bit bland; its still a pub after all I guess.
I'll always remember the Last Drop as the place where I first had Haggis and I think its pretty good.
(For anyone who hasn't had it I say its like blood pudding but only better because it contains more flavor.
) It was a nice option to have a haggis tasting as a starter.
The bartender confirmed for me that the beef on the menu is locally sourced.
The fillet steak was cooked simply but was nice.
I'd recommend coming in here but just keep in mind that its a pub.

Extremely friendly staff.
Good atmosphere.
The fact that the menu consists of haggis and nachos makes me doubt the authenticity a bit, but the haggis wasn't bad.
It was not however served in the sheep's stomach which was disappointing.

I almost didn't make it to the Last Drop on my trip to Edinburgh but thankfully a last minute change in plans had me heading here for my evening meal.
It was a Sunday night and the place was busy.
It wasn't packed but most tables were occupied as well as the bar.
Once we found a table, we didn't have to wait long to be served.
Our waiter was very attentive and friendly.
Drinks came out promptly and as did the food once it was ordered.
I have to say, the food was good.
I can personally vouch for the chicken curry but no one in my group had any complaints on the food or service.
Now there is history here as well as a supposed ghost.
Again, there's only one spirit I'm hunting in Scotland...ahem...
They had several varieties of this spirit there too!
I really wish I had dropped in some afternoon and just sat at the bar for a beer or whisky.
Sadly, I only had the one dinner but if I ever make it back to Edinburgh, I've got this on my To Do list.
If you're looking for a casual and fun place to grab a bite or a drink, I don't think Last Drop will disappoint.
Check it out!

It's a Nicholson's pub, so the food is only average.
But the ambiance and location are fantastic, and really earn this place its stars.
A great place to sit outside on a sunny afternoon and enjoy the passers-by.

I feel as though I'm going against the grain here, looking at all the other Yelper's 4 star reviews.
And in fact, when I first settled in here for an evening of hardcore tea drinking and Scrabble playing, I had in my mind that it was a pretty nice pub.
Well, for a start they have Scrabble.
I have already decided I will create a new Yelp list of pubs that have board games.
Although not all pubs that have board games have Scrabble it turns out.
Anyway, I digress.
The fact that The Last Drop has many, many boardgames is a big plus.
It's a Wednesday evening, you fancy staying out and maybe having one cheeky drink but also working the grey matter.
Perfect.
It's also central, in the Grassmarket, and had a nice mix of locals and tourists.
I once heard someone comment that only tourists walk down the Royal Mile.
I was thinking 'eh?
How on earth do you get from A to B then if the Royal Mile is 'tween the two?
' And sometimes it can be the same at the Grassmarket.
But the Last Drop balances the tourist appeal (have a look for the many, many different currency notes pinned to the ceiling) with still being a good traditional boozer.
The food looked quite decent too.
Giant pies.
That's about all I could see.
They've also got loads of hot toddys, irish coffees, hot port and the like.
I went for the hot port.
It was more like hot ribena, super sweet and didn't really get me buzzed at all.
But nice all the same.
So, COMPLIMENT SANDWICH TIME.
Why only three stars?
I hate to say it, I really don't like it when its the service that lets a place down.
But here it was.
One particular incident of a pot of hot tea being spilled on an arm, and not so much as an apology given.
When the customer visibly jumps back, yells (or yelps?!
) out in pain and all you say is "oh, did I spill it on you?
" and then smiles in a dopey manner.... Not cool.
Accidents happen, I get that.
Usually its me accidentally bumping into other people.
But it was the manner of apology, or lack thereof, that riled me up quite a bit.
The staff seemed ok, friendly enough, but that particular staff member looked really dopey the whole night and his lack of apology was so rude it kind of put me off a little.
I would probably come back here, to play scrabble, and maybe try an Irish Coffee this time.
But just wear long sleeves.

We ended up having dinner here after we found out that the kitchen was closed for the night at our original choice, The White Hart Inn, a few doors down.
Immediately, we were impressed by the neat atmosphere of the place...low-ceilinged, rather dark and cozy...a neat old pub.
I ordered soup, which came with bread, and my husband ordered nachos.
Both items arrived cold to our table...the cheese on the nachos had solidified, leading me to believe our items sat ready in the kitchen for a while before our rather unattentive server finally brought them to us.
The vegetable soup was bland and tasteless...it consisted almost entirely of broth, with a few small chunks of vegetable.
I had to add a ton of salt just to get it down.
(The bread, however, was quite tasty).
In hindsight, we should have complained and sent the cold, underseasoned food back...but we were tired and jet-lagged and just wanted something to fill our bellies after pretty much everywhere else had stopped serving for the night.After reading all of the other reviews, maybe we just caught them on a bad night?
I don't know, but I definitely can't recommend this place based on our experience.

We had a pint outside on the patio in the rain, It was great!
Good cask ale selection!

What can I say?
The story behind the Pub is great.
Not the last drop I would like to take...good news is we started our Nicholson's crawl (7 of 7 in Edinburgh) here so I will always have good memories.
What is not so good was the food.
Menu was limited and what we did order was OK.  That by no means says I will not eat here again.
I just have seen and had better at other pubs.

This was a great little(-ish) pub.
It was very touristy -- well-worn dark woods, dim lighting, and close walls emphasize the macabre theme -- but somehow was comfortable in a 'local' feel as well, which is a hard balance to keep.
The tight space in the U-shaped restaurant means you'll meet your neighbors, which can be a lot of fun.
The food is excellent -- especially the steak pie, to me -- and the selection of beer and whisky is very good.

My cousin & I spent 2 days in Edinburgh - we had been in the UK for a little over a week and we just had nothing good to say about the food anywhere we went.
Our first night in Edinburgh, we stumbled upon Last Drop.
This is where I learned of "Mince & Tatties" (or ground beef over mashed potatoes).
It was beyond delicious.
So good in fact, we returned to Last Drop the very next night and ordered THE SAME THING!
Oh, and I tacked on a hot chocolate, which was also pretty scrumptious.
The restaurant itself is really cool, kind of dungeon-y feel.
Can't wait to visit again next time I find myself in Scotland.

Great pub atmosphere with good traditional fare and a morbidly fun history as the last stop for those about to hang in the gallows a few feet away.
Mix of locals and tourists alike.
Had a pint of local ale, the Steak & Ale pie with a delicious and generous puff pastry and mixed veggies.
Like a beef stew in America.
The Mince & Tatties was a minced beef and mashed potatoes dish that tasted better than it looked, almost a ground beef taco consistency.
All in all, a charming pub on a charming street in old town, Grassmarket.

This was one of my favorite pubs in Edinburgh,  The food was warm and tasty and the ale was crisp and inviting, but the key to the Last Drop is its cozy ambiance which is perfect.
This bar has a lot of alcoves, which makes for some nice privacy if your in for a more intimate pub experience.
Also, the lighting in the Last drop really warm and soothing.
I realize it seems like a strange thing to notice but so many pubs can be either too dark or too bright; The Last Drop has an eerily magic feel to it so that you can almost hear a whisper from one of Edinburgh's many ghost,,,Ok, that might have been my buddy's plea for another scotch but the pub does take its name the gallows that use to stand in the square.
All in all, a fun time, and I can't imagine that anyone wouldn't have a fun time in this pub ;)

The history behind the building/name is awesome!
I visited this place while in vacation in Edinburgh was not disappointed!
Very cute and cozy inside with good beer and food!
Definitely try their haggis!
Loved it!

I wasn't in here long but did run in for a hot drink on a cold day while exploring the city.
The service was fast, the place is a good old traditional pub without loud obnoxious music or televisions.
I really loved that folks walked right in with their dogs in tow - not something we get to do often here int he states.
Seemed like a nice enough place and it was very busy.
Would like to go back again.

Me and couple of my friends went there as one of our 12 pub crawl, I decided to take a break and not to get a drink to be able to get through the night.
When I approached the bartender I asked for a pint of water, the bartender then asked me - "Are you going to buy anything?
" - I said no, just a pint of water please.
The bartender proceeded to showing me the door and saying - "The door is that way pal".

It used to be my favourite pub in Edinburgh for quite a while.
It has an ambiance that you don't find often, old style, low ceiling, lighting...   Food prices seem reasonable, typical pub menu.
However, changes took place with the new owners (Nicholson pubs) and they put up new sofas with ... spot lights on their back!!!
I mean...
Really???
You buy over an old traditional pub and you put modern sofas and spot lights?
Cadbury hot chocolate?
It all seems more corporate to me now...   Thatt ruined the experience...
I wonder what other old customers of it think about it now!

