The restaurant at The Bonham inhabits some really classic and traditional West End space at Drumsheugh Gardens.
Most of the properties here form part of big, imposing buildings, with dramatic front doors and windows.
The restaurant at The Bonham is part of the four star Bonham hotel, which is really beautiful inside.
I came here for lunch with the family, and although it wasn't super busy, with only what looked like a few business lunches on the go, the atmosphere was still great, and felt very elegant, spacious and refined.
Despite the menu and some of the decor having a modern edge to it, the actual dining space still feels quite formal and traditional, but I like a bit of a tradition, so that suits me.
You can get some pretty good set menu lunch deals here, and it's a nice change to come to this part of the west end, rather than just opting for right in the centre of town all the time.
Maybe not the place for a big, raucous party dinner, but great for more of a classy, you can safely take the parents here, event.

Top quality, locally sourced produce, turned into beautifully executed dishes.
The Boozy Snoozy is a fabulous deal on Thursday evenings and Saturday/Sunday lunchtime.
We summed it up: "The Bonham has shown itself to be an excellent venue, consistently producing dishes of true imagination, boldness, and balance.
It's another gem of the West End, and one you should consider visiting, at your earliest convenience.

I went to the Bonham for the first time recently to partake in their Afternoon Tea - what can I say?!
Truly scrumptious!!
Everything was 'mini', fresh and homemade - well worth a visit.
This, along with The Prestonfield hotel, was the best Afternoon Tea I've ever had.
Yummy!

We went there based on Yelp's reviews because we were staying across the road at a beautiful luxury holiday apartment.
The food was good, not cheap but ridiculously small portions.
Like they served at the height of the silly nouvelle cuisine movement in the early 90's.
I had a good hamburger down the road at Wannaburgers afterwards and I am not a big eater.
We were served good sized portions at all the other Edinburgh restaurants we went to, while staying there.

I had heard good things, so when I saw they were running a deal on toptable, I was excited to finally check this place out...
Sadly I was nothing but underwhelmed..
The food was nothing spectacular.. the service was about the same.. they completely forgot about our side of vegetables and when we asked they came up with some poor excuse before producing a plate of pretty sad looking veg..
The entire experience was just lacklustre..  With so many other options around town..
I won't be hurrying back..

