I have only ever been to this Zizzi once and everything about it screams average, my friend and I only went because of a two for one offer that I'd come across.
When we arrived at the restaurant, it took ages for us to get a seat because of the throngs of office workers taking up all the tables.
Although the restaurant was physically clean, it seemed a bit grotty to me (like the way that a McDonald's is grotty).
Our food was pretty standard; I had a pizza, which was freshly baked but could just as easily have been one of Tesco's Finest, and my friend had a seafood pasta, which was somewhat lacking in seafood.
The service was alright, but not particularly friendly or quick.
I don't think I shall be returning.

Bland and generic sums it up really.
I ordered a skinny Pizza( guaranteed to be under 500 calories) and It was like chewing cardbboard ( not that I have ever munched on cardboard, but you know what I mean) I should have gone for the full fatty pizza, which I have to say are pretty tasty, So if you do go to zizz's order a pizza as they are they best option on the menu.
The pasta dishes are created by the chef who then  thin decides what should go into it instead of what you order/expecitng.
Value wise it isnt bad but I think youd be better going elsewhere for £8-13 per main course.
The decor is sligtly clinical with all the metalic tables and everytme I removed myself from the table I banged my head on a low light and I am only 5'5 ish ( 5'8 with hair bun) so its not the best designed.
Its an ok establishment for meeting for a quick meal and catch up with friends, but If I wanted to make it a special occasion then Id choose somewhere else.

I am on their mailing list so had a 30% discount voucher off all main courses.
I met up with the girls for an early dinner after work and we had calzone and garlic bread.
They don't have any veggie calzones on the menu but did do one on request.
The mushroom calzone was actually very tasty and I loved the rosemary garlic bread with sea salt on top.
Not bad price too with the voucher.
I ordered a sprite and asked for no ice and a straw, they did a weird thing of pouring into a short tumbler but then adding a long straw that just kept falling out the glass as it didn't fit.
I quickly ditched that.
I liked the food and the new décor but the tables were squished too close together and it took an age to get the bill.
The décor and food are great, the staff were wandering about a bit and not achieving much!

