There are 2 main things that make Maggie Dickson's stand out from the huge crowd of other pubs in the Grassmarket.
First, it's history: I won't ruin the surprise, but the pub gets its name from the most famous fishwife in Edinburgh, hanged in 1724 but who then mysteriously came back to life on route to the cemetery.
You have to go and read the full version yourself - it's written on the wall outside the pub and also on the menu's (they tell it much better than I do).
Not many pubs can claim they have that kind of history and heritage!
The second thing: the fry-up.
Whether its curing the effects of the night before or you just need a good feed to start your day, the huge plate of bacon, sausages, beans, haggis, black pudding, eggs, mushroom, fried tomato and toast definitely takes some beating - especially when you grab one of the outside tables in the sun.
It's not often that I go all-out and have a huge greasy fry-up, but when I do it's usually here.
Next time you're in the grassmarket trying to decide which of the seemingly endless stream of pubs to go to, this one should be your first stop.

This place has an exciting history - but it isnt the reason people come into Maggie Dicksons Pub.
Situated in the Grass market, Maggies is a favourate haunt of students and tourists alike - who have come in for relaxation and to eat some huge portions of pub food.
The pub has a huge range of beer, wines and spirits available, as well as traditional pub grub that is great to eat and well priced.
Maggies is nicely decorated - dark wood, leather, exposed bricks and a skeleton in the corner (more of that history for you).
Maggies can, regretably, get veeery busy on weekend - during both the days and the evenings, so be prepared for a wait for your drinks and the chance of not getting a seat.

Maggie Dickson's is a great little pub in the Grassmarket.
The atmosphere is always really friendly and lively, and they don't have the drunk local clientele which so many other local pubs in the area seem to attract.
This pub stocks a huge range of different beers, ales and wines which are all very reasonably priced, with a large glass of house wine costing about £4.
The staff are incredibly friendly and inviting and are highly knowledgeable about all the different alcohols which they stock.
Maggie Dickson's also has a food menu, including dishes such as burgers, steak, and fish and chips which are a really decent size.
It can get really busy here on a Friday and Saturday night which can make the pub feel pretty cramped and crowed and can be difficult to get a seat, so best to get here early.
There is a large TV screen above the bar which tends to show sporting events, and there is music playing in the background.
There is an outdoor seating area at the front of the pub, so on a sunny day it is a great place to sit and have a quiet drink.
A really friendly local pub which is one of my favourites in the Grassmarket area.

I came here with a some friends a few months ago as we passed by on a night out.
It was about 10pm and the bar was lively with music, a good crowd of people and a great atmosphere.
The staff are friendly and seem to have a good relationship with the locals which is always an encouraging sign.
The customers were a good mix of students, locals and tourists with a range of ages and interests.
We met plenty of interesting people, including an Austrian couple who we very nearly convinced to come out clubbing with us, but not quite.
Apparantly Maggie Dickson's food is also great, so it's well worth a look no matter when you're in the Grassmarket.

With its deliberately creepy wee quirks and its namesake's racy role in Edinburgh's history, Maggie Dickson's is a must-see for tourists.
As popular with locals as it is with visitors, Maggie Dickson's has a number of stodgy, satisfying meals on the agenda, a menu seeped in history (it tells the story of Maggie Dickson's demise), and a good selection of booze, you can't go wrong drinking here!
Even during the day it is usually consistently busy, but it's worth battling with crowds during peak season just for a quick spy.
Its broody interior and eerie myths make it a very special sort of theme pub - one which is entirely peculiar to the city in which it is situated.
It's a nice place to get a drink at any rate but its unique style makes it worth the visit.

Interesting decor.
There was a full body skeleton behind me in the corner and an 8 foot bottle of Jägermeister in front of me.
Cozy place to have a few drafts with friends.
Good selection of drafts, good music.
Right before we left, the bartender put on A-ha - Take On Me (my jaaaam)

The tale behind the name of the pub is great.
The interior of the pub is quirky without being cheesy.
I had a tomato, pesto and mozzarella cheese baguette that was delish along with good chips (french fries) and a passable salad.
My mates split an order of cheese nachos.
No bueno  Guacamole tasted totally processed and the salsa was that in name only.
It came with a choice of toppings, including haggis.
I'm from Texas and the fusion of Tex-Mex and Scottish traditional gave me a good laugh.
Passed on it though.
Maybe I'll try making it myself sometime.
I do recommend a visit.

Being in the Grassmarket is a bit of a double-edged sword for pubs I reckon.
You're never going to be short of trade but on the down side you maybe can't always be too choosy about who frequents you.
Maggie Dickson's therefore aims for a traditional pub atmosphere (live music some nights etc.
) amid the trappings of the tourist industry recounting hangings etc.
in times past.
Generally it achieves its aim but you pay the cost to get it.
The barmaid who served me last weekend looked genuinely apologetic when charging me £4 for a bottle of Crabbie's Ginger Beer.
At prices like that you'd be better heading to Brew Dog or The Brauhaus to get something stronger than 4% for your cash but if you're after a lively, central spot as part of a pub crawl then you could do worse than here.

We've been here in march 2011.
Great pub and we loved the burgers!!!
Great place and kind bar staff.
From my POV definitely a pub you have to visit in Edinburgh.

Short and easy review.
Good service, good food, good decor.
It's pub food but good portion size and was satisfying to hungry travellers.
Could have more beers on tap.

I went here after hearing about it on a tour.
I didn't eat anything but had a drink, so my review will be mainly on the atmosphere and service.
It's dark and intimate, i can see it getting very loud with too many people, but when I went, it was the right level of business.
Service was fast and personable, the bar tender taking time to have a small conversation.
Overall, great spot.
Nothing too special, but I'd happily go again!

Saturday night crowd not too bad,  most of them standing out front.
My daughter and I had the bangers and mash - so yummy!!
Price is right for the amount of food you get.
We small had a local beer Innes & Gunn dark brew aged in oak barrels and a taste of rum - awesome!
This ed my first meal in Scotland and very memorable.
The service was fast,  just make sure to let them know when you need something,  they don't check on you.
Background music was great!

