A gorgeous Thai restaurant in a very central location.
Wonderful food, all spiced and seasoned exactly right.
Knockout!

Dusit really is a very safe, very delicious bet for quality Thai food.
A friend of mine has sworn by Dusit takeaways for years, and after listening to one too many boasting phone calls from her as she dined away smugly on her Thai meals, I decided it was time to have a break away from my faithful Indian takeaway meals, and sample some Dusit flavour.
It would never have entered my head to book a meal at a Thai restaurant, before I actually visited Thailand and realised how absolutely amazing the food is.
I think I just spent quite a few years making the same meal every evening (pasta, tuna, bit of Parmesan, winner) and being too lazy to be imaginative about what I put in my chops.
After having coconut soup or Tom Kha most days I was in Thailand, I put Dusit to the test and ordered the seafood Tom Kha, and was super excited when it made me feel like I was back on the beach in Ko Tao, even though in reality I was freezing my socks off in Edinburgh.
Dusit has a really interesting menu, with a mix of contemporary and traditional, and my friends and I got slightly over excited, ordering enough food to feed a large wedding party.
Every single dish was flavourful, with just that right level of spice that doesn't leave you crying into your food, although I know some people like that.
Be prepared to book ahead on any day of the week, as the restaurant is fairly small, and being really popular with locals, it fills up quickly.

I wasn't impressed with my only dining experience here.
Fancy decor, fancy people, bizarre Scottish-Thai fusion cuisine, rude staff and a stiff bill...

We had a very enjoyable lunch at Dusit.
The staff managed a busy lunchtime service, very well, and produced good dishes.
Overall, we said: "I was impressed with Dusit.
I found it quite hard to compare with our other recent Thai quest, when we visited Siam Thani, as the two places are very different.
I imagine this reflects both the diversity of Thai cuisine, and the differing approaches of the owners and chefs.
I think both places merit a further visit, as I having a feeling that their evening menus are where they both shine more brightly.
For sure, pay Dusit a visit, soon.
You'll be very pleased with what you're served and how you're served it.

Enter the next contender in my Thai-tour of Edinburgh.
* Dusit had been recommended as a friend's "favourite Thai in Edinburgh".
And I have to say I'm inclined to agree.
I have yet to try it myself, but Dusit is known for doing some fusion dishes incorporating local Scottish produce in Thai recipes, such as venison and pheasant.
A nice twist on what is, as I found, already fantastic Thai food.
Four of us stopped in for lunch, mid-week, and if the fully booked tables is anything to go by, a lot of Edinburgh seem to agree too.
It's not a very large restaurant although I did think that booking lunch mid-week might be extreme and perhaps walk-ins would be do-able.
If I were you, I'd book whenever you plan on coming.
We were presented with the fixed price lunch menu, two courses for £12.95 which seemed reasonable, and you can order of the main menu if we wish.
I had a quick glance over it, prices definitely a bit high for lunchtime and a treat for dinner but not extortionate.
Around £12 - £16 for a main I think.
Despite craving the spicy papaya salad I had in Karon, my eye caught the duck on the lunch menu.
I had a life-changing duck curry at Mom Tri's Kitchen on Phuket.
Melt-in-the-mouth, perfectly tender, served in red thai curry with aubergine and pineapple.
For some reason duck works really well in Thai food.
So every restaurant I've been trying since back in Edina seems to have revolved around duck.
I was a bit disappointed with my last restaurant choice, where the main of duck came thinly sliced and slightly dry.
More like the duck you get in chinese pancakes.
No thick, juicy cuts of duck breast there.
But here, I couldn't be more delighted when my main arrived, in a beautifully presented bowl.
At first all I could see peeking out the top of the lush amount of vegetables were dark, crispy duck skin.
The moment of tension I had when scooping out the duck with my serving spoon was...well...tense.
I don't like skin or fat, just the meat.
And lo!
Therein, nestled amongst the pineapple, mushroom, cashews, crispy red pepper and onions were huge thick slices of duck breast.
It made my day.
(See both uploaded pictures).
My starter was also generously sized, great flavours.
A grilled chicken satay-type thing with a spicy sauce.
Looking around the table, the tempura prawns looked lovely, and the red curry smelt divine.
All the mains were generous portions, all packed with both the meat and vegetables - no skimping here.
Also, rice came as part of the price - not a seperate paid order.
This is small but worth noting as it does add an extra £3 to any order in other restaurants when it's not included.
Was it the best Thai food I've eaten in Edinburgh so far?
Why yes, I think it was.
So why then, only four stars?
Second to the food, the other thing that I will remember most of Thailand is the friendliness of the people.
So welcoming, genuine and pleased to see you.
At Dusit I noticed distinctly how rushed the staff seemed, and the front of house seemed particularly rushed, didn't crack a smile and whilst he wasn't rude, I felt a little cold.This could be down to it being lunchtime, and they know people have an hour for lunch so are purposely quick.
I feel I need to come back for an evening meal to reassess the situ, when hopefully diners are less rushed and the staff more warmly welcoming.
Which does of course mean I'll be coming back here, and soon hopefully.
*See earlier reviews for all smug, satisfied references of a recent holiday in Thailand.
Since returning, I miss not only the country but the food far too much and am on a mission to find the best imitation of Thai food fresh on the shores of Karon beach that I can, here in Edina.

I don't often eat on Thistle Street.
Although I know it's possibly the best street for restaurants and bars in Edinburgh, for some reason it somehow falls off my radar everytime I head out for a bite to eat.
So it was with great excitement that a group of us headed to Dusit for lunch.
The first thing that struck me was the good value of the lunch menu.
for just over £12 a head we were given a starter (there was no supplementary charge for the big juicy prawns, either), a delicious main, and a big steaming plate of sticky rice.
The food was utterly delicious, and the fact that the place was packed to the rafters on a Monday lunchtime made me glad that my companions had thought ahead far enough to book a table.
I will definitely be back, and am already planning a return journey with my other half (I think I made him jealous by going on and on and on about it when I got home...)

I love Thai food.
This place could firmly become a favourite in Edinburgh... the surroundings are lovely.
Modern, but kinda kitsch at the same time.
I went for dinner here and we were seated promptly even though we turned up a little early.
I was very surprised at how busy it was, there was not a spare table anywhere, on a Thursday night?!
Always a good sign I think!
The menu is extensive and there is certainly enough choice to make it difficult to choose!
I ended up going for taro and sweet potato fritters with sweet chilli sauce, when they arrived they weren't what I had imagined, but in a good way!
The portion was generous and came with a very pretty looking side salad which I chose not to destroy.
It was the flower, it looked to nice!
I then chose King Prawn stir fry with asparagus, green beans, pak choi in an oyster sauce, and we shared a coconut rice.
The stir fry was delish, everything was perfectly cooked and yet again the portion was very generous!
I struggled to finish it, but enjoyed every mouthful.
Service was brilliant, the staff are very welcoming, efficient and do not rush you at all.
I had a lovely night here, but I would say it is maybe a little pricey to go every night but I would highly recommend it!

Hmm, I'm lost to understand the high praise for Dusit, as it left me feeling very much wanting, and I was so disappointed in that.
For what was delivered, it was overpriced and varying in quality.
The place was absolutely heaving (Friday night and we hadn't booked anywhere), but we were kindly shown to a table so long as we vacated by 9pm.
No problem, and we were happy that we were accommodated.
The restaurant, hot damn, I have never been in a place so noisy that I can't hear myself talk.
It was full to the brim and just seemed that the acoustics were nicely setup to cause a constant sound of bedlam.
I literally couldn't hear half of what the SR was saying, and we lapsed into silence for most of the meal.
It felt rushed, with someone coming past our table every few minutes, asking us for an order, or delivering up food.
For drinks, I had a very average Merlot (only two reds for sale by the glass, so options limited), and the boy knocked back a couple of lemonades.
The boy and I shared fish cakes and popia.
The popia were nicely stuffed, more filling than batter, and the fish cakes were pleasant.
We followed this up with duck with choo chi and pad prig ti dumm (monkfish, king prawns and scallops).
I had thrown caution to the wind and gone for one of the pricier options on the menu, but the lightly spiced monkfish sounded too delicious.
And this was where the problem was, it wasn't delicious.
It was nice.
It wasn't spicy - flavoursome and nicely cooked (scallops were pretty close to tender), yes, but not spicy and the flavours, well, they just weren't very elegant or interesting.
The SR seemed to enjoy his duck, but in the same, deflated, 'oh, is that it?
' kind of way.
My dish also had some random squid that I didn't really want in there as well.
We had ordered some pad mee on the side - which had the consistency of super noodles - and some roti.
The more I ate, the more I realised I didn't want to.
When the waiter came round to start emptying our table i.e.
push all the remaining noodles onto our plates - I said no.
I also don't like having someone else serving food onto my plate.
So instead, all the food was heaped onto the SR's plate.
It didn't exactly give me the option to return for more noodles later.
Overall, it felt rushed and we didn't really enjoy our meals.
To be honest, it overall came out as feeling all very average.
Average food, average wine.
Service - too hassled and rushed - by the time the main course arrived my stomach was in knots and I was feeling pretty anxious - not relaxed at all.
Surroundings are way way way too noisy - need to seriously dampen acoustics in there - and price was seriously excessive of quality.
In all honesty, I think this is the first Thai restaurant I've visited where I've been disappointed, and that's a shame - I can't think of a point where Dusit really scored well, bar some well cooked scallops and that really isn't enough to inspire me to return.

Considering this place is on the top 10 best restaurants in Edinburgh, I was pretty disappointed.
When we arrived we informed the staff that we were waiting on one other person to join us but she had been pulled into a meeting last minute so would let them know within 10 minutes whether she was able to make it or not.
When we told them that she couldn't make it they made a huge song and a dance about clearing one set of cutlery and one glass off the table, their huffing and puffing was the only atmosphere in the restaurant!
Honestly, if any of the waiting staff cracked a smile I think their faces would have broken!!!
That does seem quite harsh considering how good the food was however good service counts for so much to any night out!
The food was lovely - bursting with flavours, decent amount without being any wasted and the presentation was delightful as most plates were decorated with edible flowers.
I tried Song Pi Nong - Two Brothers and Koo Saneha - A Loving couple which were delicious but at £7.95 and £9.50 for starters it isn't cheap!!!
I went in a big group and everyone had a different main course.
I can't remember what everyone had however there wasn't a dish that was disappointing.
Each was scrumptious in their own right.
All in all, this place would be great if they did take aways but I won't be rushing back anytime soon as I think that there are restaurants out there that are just as good, cheaper in fact and serve their customers with a friendly smile!

Had a really nice birthday dinner here after drinks next door at the Bon Vivant.
The interior is modern and casually elegant - you don't have to dress up to eat here but you certainly could!
We started with some red wine, and the Tiger Cry - a salad of barbecued beef that was allegedly so spicy it would bring tears to a tiger's eyes!
That may have been pushing it a bit - there was certainly spice involved, but nothing we couldn't handle with ease.
Lots of great sweet-salty Thai flavor, however.
We got the Bangkok Duck, crispy and dripping with deliciously sweet sticky sauce.
It was a very large portion (for Europe, anyway!
) and along with the Talay Sam Rod, we had a very large, beautiful meal!
The Talay Sam Rod is a fish dish - char grilled monkfish, scallops, and prawns, in a beautiful sauce with tamarind, kaffir lime, and Thai basil (which was a lovely, herbal accompaniment).
Seafood was perfectly cooked - I can still taste taht scallop!
Both were delicious with the fragrant coconut rice.
Could not finish, though we gave it a valiant effort!
Quite busy on a Saturday night at 7 pm, so I'd make a reservation at the weekend for sure.
This place is relaxed and inexpensive enough that you could justify going anytime, but it's also elegant enough to go there on a special night.
I'd say it's perfect for people like us, two poor kids with something to celebrate!

The best Thai i've had in years!
A lovely little restaurant down a quaint street in the middle of the city.
Wonderful staff, and amazing food.
I visited with my mum, and everything we had was bursting with flavour.
I find with a lot of Thai places that chillies substitute flavour, but in this case it was both spice and nice!
I had the Tom Yum soup followed by the grilled king prawns and Pad Thai for the main.
The portions were nice and big so you got a good amount for your pennies.
The place had a great atmosphere, with low ceilings and oodles of character!
Go go go!

Right folks moving on from Glasgow over to the east of the country to the Capital.
I'm a lover of Thai food.
Dusit is one of the best Thai restaurants I have ever been to.
Off the beaten track, but what a wee hidden gem of a place.
Was told about this place by a work colleague.
It is tiny but quaint and cosy.
The staff are amazing.
The scallops are to die for and the green curry is one of the best I have ever tasted.
Would highly recommend the black rice pudding and coconut ice cream.
It is relatively pricey but worth every penny.

Bland bland bland bland bland.
What a disappointment after wanting to eat here for years!
Nice enough place but the food is terribly bland and flavourless.
Just average Thai food that you could get in any other restaurant or indeed local takeaway.
My starter was the real let down.
I had a Thai beef salad, named "Tiger Cry", which, according to the menu, is "attributed to the small red bird's eye chillies in the sauce that are hot enough to bring tears to the tiger's eyes.
" I was actually worried that this was a risky choice as authentic Thai food is renowned for being ridiculously spicy.
Well, I think those tiger eyes need glasses as there was no chilli in this dish.
I'm not saying there wasn't much chilli, I'm saying there was no chilli.
At all.
I excavated the entire dish and didn't find a single shred.
And there wasn't much other flavour going on either.
The beef was pleasant but had none of the nice Thai flavours I expected.
Where was the lemongrass, the galangal, the lime, the fish sauce, the TASTE?
My main was Pad Thai which is a bit of a boring choice but I love it and it's a good dish to compare across restaurants.
It was quite nice but again not particularly spicy or sour, therefore no better than any I've had elsewhere.
The setting is ok but the tables are rather packed in, and the service was stiff and borderline unfriendly.
Neither of these would normally bother me if the food is good but paying high prices for food I could get at a takeaway makes me wonder what I'm paying for.
Chaophraya has a stunning setting and friendly service so if I want Westernised Thai food I'll go there.

I can't understand how anyone can post a positive review on this place, unless they're related to the owners!!
Totally overpriced, the staff check every customer out as they walk in, as they eat, as they go to the toilet and pass never ending comments on said customers in their native Tongue, and it doesn't stop there, they top it off with sniggers etc, how silly do they look.
Anyway, it gets worse, the place isn't clean any more, check out the inside of the door connecting the kitchen into the small restaurant area, it's covered with black greasy grime, how don't they see this, of course, they're too busy acting the fools and making fun of their paying customers.
The food and drink is totally overpriced for what is such a tasteless offering, what happened to their spices selection?!?
The one thing the staff are very good at is refilling your glass of wine or beer after literally every sip, to the point that it is annoying, I thought it was only with us but the table next to us also complained about this.
Anyway, in summary, we used to go but I'm afraid that it has now become a shell of it's former self, visit the place but you have been warned!

My favourite authentic Thai food in Edinburgh.
I have been twice now in a month and although I don't want to return to ensure I try more in tested restaurants, this place is calling me back!
The duck is to die for.

Hmmmmm Dusit you leave me confuddled.
You like you're going to be great, the menu confirms this, the wine draws you in further and then the food and the service is somehow just lacking a little bit.
Not the most constructive feedback I know but I dont really feel much more about it that this, its ok...not bad...but not great.

