I stayed here for 4 nights for a business trip.
The tripadvisor reviews were good and the rooms looked pretty nice online.
I got a queen size bed room that was decently sized.
The bathroom was fairly large with a shower over tub for 89 pounds a night.
The good: - The location of the hotel was excellent, it was in the city centre at the west end of george st, rose st., and princes st. (nice street in the New side of Edinburgh) - they have a bowl of fresh fruit in the lobby that you can just go in and get fruit every day - they also have a pretty nice bar downstairs  The bad: - They seem somewhat short on staff, and it takes a while to get a hold of the reception.
However, when you do get a hold of the reception, they are very helpful.
- They do not have any kleenex/tissue in the room - The bed was somewhat uncomfortable - There was no clock in the room  Overall, I'd say the experience was okay at the Hudson.

A bunch of us came to Edinburgh during our half term.
My mate and I got a room at Hudson Hotel and were very pleased.
It is located right of Princes Street, so it gives you easy access to transport and shopping.
The room:  Very clean, nice beds and you could open the windows.
The decor was nice, modern and dark woods.
The bath was also very clean, never any problems.
The hotel:  There is an upmarket bar and club on the lower ground floor and a nicer restaurant on the ground floor.
The location:  Good for touristy purposes, but a walk a ways from most of the student bars and clubs.
This is a better option for those who want a boutique hotel in Edinburgh and don't want to spend £100 or more a night.

Great Location Great Staff    but the room was way too small and my room was located above there nightclub and it was really noisy

For the price (at around £70 a night, which I booked online), The Hudson Hotel is actually a solidly good deal.
It's a bit of a hit-or-miss place to stay across the board, but considering it's roughly half the cost of other similar modernised hotels in New Town, it's worth a go.
My initial reservations skyrocketed as I showed up for check-in and had to wait a seemingly interminable length of time.
With three employees in the lobby and three computer terminals, you'd think that three parties could be helped at a time, but you'd be wrong.
Perhaps one of the ladies was a trainee and one a manager that had more important matters at hand, but only one of the hotel staff was handling check-ins... which apparently took the party ahead of me a good solid ten or so minutes to sort.
Once past that, my stay was smooth sailing.
There's free and decent (though not terribly high-speed) wireless internet throughout the property.
My room was as expected for a European hotel.
In fact, it quite reminded me of my stays in Rome, with basic single beds, barely enough room to walk around them, and a modest, but serviceable toilet.
Toiletries featured products from The Tub, which I've encountered at various other lodgings throughout the country.
I always like it when there are large containers meant to be refilled, rather than little individually packaged ones - it seems so much more efficient to me.
And conveniently, there's a bar/restaurant attached to the hotel.
Whilst pressed for time, I had a decent and affordable lunch there before dashing off to meetings.
And the food wasn't half bad, either.
As you can tell from my general descriptions, I feel a lukewarm toward The Hudson Hotel.
I'd willingly stay here again, but I'd double-check some other establishments in the area for comparable prices before caving into making a booking here.

