I've eaten here loads of times in the last couple of years as the chain's Tapas for A Tenner deal is not to be sniffed at.
This branch has though I think ceased offering that.
This time around our intention was to have the Rapido menu (3 dishes & a drink for £7.95) but despite being seated before the cut off point of 5pm this was also unavailable.
Undaunted we went for the cheapest set menu option (£12.45 per head) and managed to not finish it which is I suppose a good sign.
Wine was reasonably priced too and the only other slightly negative point was the difficulty in attracting attention to get our bill, despite the fact there were more than enough staff wandering about the place.
A continuing favourite though.

Ugh!
Having lived in Spain for over two years and visited all regions I was excited to find this restaurant in the heart of Edinburgh.
Yes, the majority of the staff is Spanish, but the food is not!
Nearly all of the dishes we ordered, and we ordered a lot were a poor attempt at recreating Spanish cuisine.
If you haven't been to the real Spain, you'll probably think this place is great.
If you want real Spanish food, you'll have to find another place.
(I'd welcome any suggestions).
On a side note, we brought our toddler here and were given some of the most horrible looks by staff and patrons.
The only way you'd ever catch me here again was sitting at the bar trying to enjoy Sangria and having real Spanish beer.
Don't waste your money!!

I came here once on a date (a rather awkward one at that) and thought the Spanish decor and warm atmosphere would put me at ease.
But it didn't!
The restaurant itself has been decorated in true traditional Spanish style and looks amazing when you first walk in.
We were shown to our seat  - a lovely one in the window -  but our table was messy and there was food everywhere.
I found this odd, as there were only 3 other tables in at the time, they wern't exactly busy.
We ordered a selection of tapas and was impressed at how quickly it came, but sadly I wasn't impressed by the food.
To me, Tapas is really exciting and full of flavour, but the dishes we had were boring and really rather plain.
I got the impression it had some straight from the freezer.
As a franchise it's a nice addition, the location is great and the staff are friendly.
Didn't leave me singing la vida loca, however.

Great location in the city center with the Castle close by.
It was such a nice way to end our time in Edinburgh.
I was a Tapas virgin until I came here and the waiters were super friendly and helpful.
I think even the manager of the restaurant came by at one point so I feel like they are making a real effort since the time the other reviews were posted.
The staff was friendly and gave us plenty of time to ponder and order, explaining as they went and asking about whether we had been previously.
In fact, they were so attentive that I was surprised when my boyfriend told me it was a chain!
The food was pretty much an A. I have had Tapas a couple time since then and the food has basically tied with this place with no clear surpassers in terms of flavors.
However, the menu seems to have changed quite a bit in the past 6 months or so?
The interior is quite the contrast to the formal facade.
It's rustic with truly Spanish inspired art and warm yellow coloring.
The lacquered wood furnishings and bright accents really make you feel like you're in the country itself.
Many different kinds of people sat amid the animated pillows making it comfortable and welcoming.
Good for date nights or family dinners and anything in between!

