I've always given Dario's on Lothian Road a wide berth; it looks pretty dingy from the outside and I always thought it was only good for drunken stag parties falling out of the nearby strip clubs.
However, I recently started working opposite and I have heard exemplary reports of their pizzas and pastas.
At lunchtime (from 12pm until at least 2pm, although it might be later), all pizza and pasta is £2.75: major bargain.
The cheeky counter staff make everything in front of you and give you some banter whilst they're working.
The food isn't cordon bleu, but if you're in need of a cheap, tasty and filling lunch, you could do a lot worse.

I went to Dario's tonight with a group of nine people and, after reading some of the reviews, I was dubious but willing to give it a try.
Some of the others who had been there previously warned me and everyone at the table that the pizzas weren't the best there, so we all ended up going for pasta dishes.
I had the lasagne, which was fine but not amazing.
I usually could never have enough cheese, but I'd have to say in this case it was a bit too cheesy and without enough substance.
Some bites I was just eating melted cheese it seemed!
Others in the group had a variety of other pasta dishes that were all reportedly fine but not great.
One woman received a dish that wasn't the one that she had ordered, but she had it anyway.
Also, when the waiter served the sicilian pasta, my friend was excited it was his dish and he was served it.
However, one other guy was left without a meal and, when the waiter investigated, he realised it wasn't the sicilian pasta but was in fact the other guy's pasta, so he took it away from one (with a few bites eaten) and gave it to the other!
About five minutes later the real Sicilian pasta dish arrived, but the whole situation was a bit strange.
Dario's in general was a bit strange since the nine if us had a big table in the back room and there was only one couple occupying the whole of the front/main room.
It was odd it was so deserted, even on a Sunday evening.
The food seems just ok or hit or miss.
I won't aim to go out of my way to come back.

Awful.
Rude staff.
Took forever to take our order.
The 'homemade' bread was clearly made in somebody's home - if that somebody lived in Tescos - about three weeks before it was served to us.
They came, the offered us black pepper, we said yes, we never saw them again.
And the food was stinking.
Just a rubbish place to be honest.
Very disappointing.

