I'm not the biggest fan of Harry's Bar.
For one thing, I always found their logo quite crude.
You can see his willy!
And for another thing, it's just not very good quality.
I was lured in, as I imagine most people would be, by the cool neon lights and the name - Harry's Bar sounds pretty trendy, right?
If it's good enough for Harry, then it's good enough for Emily.
Their cocktail menu looks amazing - but don't be lured in.
I ordered a Pina Colada (one of my favourites, along with long walks in the rain) but it was so heavy and sweet I could barely drink half!
Furthermore, I found the whole experience quite grotty, the bar wasn't clean and there were a lot of empty glasses around.
I'll have to come back for food and let you know...

What I've found with Harry's Bar is that it tends to attract an older crowd, not "old" in that rude way that adults get offended at, although I am also an adult, and not actually a young adult at that...but I still have the mindset of a 17 year old who prioritises fun and good times before responsibility, so in that sense, I'm still technically a youngster.
But yeah, back to the actual review, if you're in your legal drinking teens or twenties, you probably will find the clientele here are slightly older than you, but that could be to your advantage if you're into romancing older men/women, or it could majorly be to your disadvantage if you find the thought of bumping into your friends' parents/your uncle Tony, and seeing them down tequila shots and dancing in an embarrassing manner while on a night out, pretty horrifying.
Essentially, the bar is quite good fun though.
It kind of looks like an old school cocktail bar when you go down to the stairs to basement level, and it has that dark, moody feel to it, although I wouldn't exactly say it was the plushest of establishments.
There's a big area for dancing to a selection of cheese orientated tunes, which is sometimes just what your dancing shoes are in the mood for.

Been here a few times now and have finally got round to a review.
The bar is your kinda Basement American 80's style.
Good atmosphere with quick service at the bar, even at busy times.
Courteous and reasonable.
They have an extensive food menu, but can't comment as haven't eaten here.
Salsa night - Great fun, cool fantastic music and great dancing.
Friday night - DJ...Pretty busy, music ok, if a bit loud.
Great for people watching..Generally older clientele.

i don't know.... Harry's Bar must be a bit of a Edinburgh institution as it's clearly been around for ages and everyone seems to know about it.
however, i'm not sure that people my age actually really go here.
however, being on a work night out i couldn't really say no when that is what the group wanted, so this is were we ended up.
to be honest, Harry's Bar is perfectly A-OK.  the drinks are cheap, £3.50 for a G&T (unlike the over £5 i was paying at Indigo Yard!
) it was overly crowded so we easily grabbed a table and the music is the good sort of cheesy tunes you want to dance to when you've had a few too many.
the main crowd was old though, so my work group sort of stuck out a fair bit and the old guys seemed way too keen to try to dance with us!
however, it was a proper good laugh and after a few dances we decided we'd had the Harry's Bar experience and headed out.
not sure this is the type of place i'd plan to head back to, but if i happened to pass through the door again i'd be fairly happy to grab a drink and have a quick boogie on the dance floor.

