When I first began making regular trips to Edinburgh for work a few years ago, I quickly realized that one of my first priorities had to be finding a reliable pub that I could call my own.
After sleepless overnight flights, spotty airplace food, and having to deal with the hassle and frustration of connecting through Heathrow, I almost always found myself in desperate need of a pint and something delicious to fill my stomach.
Enter the Cambridge Bar.
First recommended to me by my client's catering manager, I have since made approximately 25 return trips over the past two years: in other words, if I'm going to be in Edinburgh, I'm going to be at the Cambridge.
There are some places that seem to be more than the sum of their parts, and this is definitely one of them.
Are the staff friendly and accomodating?
Absolutely.
I can't tell you how many times I nursed a few pints over the course of hours while reading a book without a peep about having to make way for other customers.
Is the food any good?
You bet.
While their gigantic blue cheese burger may not be the best I've ever had, it would definitely make the top three.
(And what is it about the fries over there in the UK that make them so much better??
) So what gives it that extra 'it' factor?
Hard to say.
Maybe its the fact that everyone there (both employees and customers) just seem to be having a damn good time, whether they're listening to the bartender's personal playlist or watching the latest rugby match.
What I do know is that while there may be nicer places in Edinburgh, there are none better.

Most of my encounters with Cambridge Bar have been the day after a night out, when I'm in need of urgent, hearty, pub food to sort me out.
The Cambridge Bar is great for this purpose, as they have a large list of decent burger offerings to choose from.
The menu has a choice of beef, chicken, or a veggie option, teamed with a ton of tasty toppings (good alliteration, I know).
I've probably had all of the toppings at some stage, but if I had to opt for one selection, it would be the classic beef plus the sautéed mushrooms, onions, and melted Swiss cheese.
Mmmmmm.
In no way the healthiest meal of all time, but on occasion, who really cares?
The bar is quite small, but pretty good for chilling in for a few hours of banter, and the staff seem pretty laid back.
When there's any rugby or football to be seen on TV, this place gets busy because of the winning combination of burgers and flat screens, so get down early on match days if you want a good table.

Initially, after my first impressions of the name, I didn't expect a menu that solely consisted of burgers and a few desserts.
Like Holyrood 9A across the other side of town, they focus all their attention to pieces of meat, chicken or patty formed beans slapped in a bun.
The Teryaki (bacon, pineapple, Teriyaki sauce) is a true alternative gem helps ensure they have a foothold in the 'excellent burger league'.
The minimalist pub decor is fine to spend the afternoon in, but you'll be mainly salivating over the delicious burgers.
Not bad at £11 too.

I'm an Oxford girl myself, and so always had a slight, lingering suspicion of anything with the word Cambridge in the title; in the case of the Cambridge bar, this unease was exacerbated by the fact that the Oxford Bar is just down the road.
However, I'm sure I went in with an open mind, determined to enjoy myself.
Which I did, mostly.
It's a lively and buzzy place that attracts a young-ish crowd, noisy, but still possible to have a conversation there.
I've just got a couple of gripes about this place; firstly, I ordered a veggie burger that cost about six pounds, was burnt, and didn't even come with chips!
Which was disappointing.
Secondly, and this may seem petty but I have strong feelings about these things, as the evening drew to a close, my friends and I decided to have just another half pint each before going home, so I went to the bar clutching what I thought was a more than sufficient amount of money.
I had, of course, calculated how much it would cost by halving the price of a normal pint, because that's the way it works in every other pub.
That makes sense, because it's the same beer but you're only having half as much of it, so it should cost half the amount, right?
Well, not in the Cambridge, where a half is £2.90, as much as a whole pint costs in most other establishments.
I was outraged more on principle than about the actual money.
So, I shall not be frequenting this place, and have had my irrational prejudice confirmed: places named Cambridge are not to be trusted.

Hands down the best burger I've ever had.
I have only two complaints:   1.
There are so many amazingly delicious toppings available for your burger that it's nearly impossible to select!
I think it's a bit of a ripoff that chips aren't included.
Even the haloumi burger is pretty amazing although I was a bit disappointed that the serving size of the haloumi is much smaller than it used to be and that allows the olive tapenade to be the predominant flavor.
I don't think you can go wrong no matter what you order.
The chips are delicious and I can't stress enough that you should definitely order some of the garlic mayo for dipping, it is worth the stinky breath that will haunt you for the rest of the day!
We ended our meal by sharing the brownie with vanilla ice cream.
Our waitress was happy to accommodate my request for toffee sauce to be added to the dish (and it was no charge!
) and it was heaven on a plate!

Cambridge Bar you say?
Nay says I, it be the Cambridge Burger!!!
Cambridge Burger are two words that when used together around the city generate a response of "ahhh I love that place" and its fair the burgers are phenomenal.
My choices have always been either Italian Beef - Burger topped with mozzarella, piles of pesto and a sharp relish or simple chciken burger - WHOLE chicken brest, mayo and lettuce!
I only have one issue with this place and thats the size, its just so damn small.
If you are a group and you dont book you have no chance!
i have been once or twice with a friend and we ahve ended up sat at the bar which I dont mind at all given the staff have some great banter (older sister of one of the eclectic slightly wird staff in Victoria works here) and the female staff have well always been pretty hott :D!
So overall all for a pint, a burger and for rugby/golf watching this place is ace.
Jd = very happy man!!

This place really, really hit the spot after a long day of drinking lots of beer.
Sat right down and the burgers were great.
I had the BBQ Bacon, but others I was with had the Italiano, Chili, and a chicken burger.
Once the burgers arrived it became quiet while all scarfed down the burgers.
The chips were also quite good--and the onion rings were fantastic!

The boy and I stopped in here after I dragged him, fresh off the plane, all around town.
We were starving and tired, after a cold pint and a filling bite to eat.
Cambridge Bar surely delivered.
The decor is simple and the place is quite small, but we were there fairly early in the dinner hour so it was mostly empty, although it did begin to fill up as we left.
Luckily it was quiet and we could keep up with the FIFA game on the telly.
The staff is extremely friendly - our server brought us tastes of the beers before we had to settle on a proper pint, and wrapped up my half burger at the end after it got the best of me.
And the burger... oof, the burger.
Half as big as my head, dripping with gooey aged Cheddar, tangy BBQ sauce, onions and fresh tomato, bacon heaped on top of a hefty beef patty and a fluffy sesame-encrusted bun.
It was enormous and honestly I was struggling a bit with getting the thing compact enough to actually eat.
As I said earlier, it did get the best of me in the end, although the boy scarfed his down no problem.
Boys.
The chips are delicious as well, although I think for the price it would have been nice if chips were included.
Still, £25 for two pints, two burgers and an order of chips isn't too shabby.
Cambridge Bar is on my hot list for sure.

Went as a big group of 13 for a works do and I've left with mixed feelings.
Somewhat underwhelmed by the whole experience.
Good points-  Well-cooked chicken burger, nicely seasoned and juicy.
(Cajun Chicken) All 13 people were served their food at once and it was all hot and fresh.
And everyone chomped down their burgers!
Tasty onion rings, ok chips.
Wide selection of beers and ales.
But: I'm a cocktail girl but all they had was about 5 or 6 basic spirits and that was all.
The burger bun was dry and most people only ate the bottom half, ditching the top.
My bum is still aching from the rickety seat I picked.
Sit on the padded bench if you can.
Stressed out staff.
Being part of a big group and visiting a new place makes it hard to judge properly, they did a good job getting all our food out at once, but I'm not sure I get what all the fuss and hype is about.
The decor is fine, nice if you like that cosy pub feel.
I can see it working on a cold winter evening.
Would I go back?
Maybe, but only to see if it's any better on a quiet night where the staff were less stressed.
But its more likely that I'll just go to Treacle on Broughton St.

I recently had my first visit to the Cambridge Bar for a Friday night meal, and was pleasantly surprised!
The menu consists of a large variety of burgers, salads and yummy desserts.
Burgers are absolutely massive so make sure you don't eat too much beforehand.
Students can even enjoy 10% off all food, which made me a bit jealous as I'm no longer one!
The bar is cosy and popular with Edinburgh locals, with the place filling up come 8oclock.
So book early to avoid disappointment!
The only reason I left a star off is the staff were a little slow to take our orders, though I will definitely be stopping by again.
Yummmmy :)

Lucky enough to squeeze into here on a Saturday for lunch - we walked in about 2 minutes after opening and there were only two spots for two people available.
The rest of the place was booked out which must be a good sign, I though...
I ordered an Aussie burger (love beetroot and pineapple and egg.. :P)  and my eating partner ordered the special (Venison with Blue cheese).
A single serving of chips and two pints of the guest ale rounded out the venture.
I'm a strong believer in being able to eat a burger with your hands, it was manageable (in a way the burgers at Sygn weren't) although to be honest the Aussie dropped its guts half way through eating and I had to go the fingers and fork option :)  Beef was very tasty and NEARLY as good as an Aussie burger with the lot back home :) .. very enjoyable and stuffed at completion.
Chips were yumbo - crunchy and fresh.
Will try Onion rings next visit.

On a wet and windy evening myself and the Lady ventured in from the damp and into the Cambridge Bar on Young street in the new town.
It was wet outside but very nicely dry and temperate inside which is always good.
Those tropically damp bars which get horridly humid when it's raining really annoy me.
IT was busy but we manage to get a decent seat.
Where we waited.... And waited.... Then we finally managed to flag down a man do take our drinks order.
Beer was ordered from their plentiful but fairly expensive list of beers and orders placed for food as well.
Venison burgers were the order of the day.
Their menu has some incredible burgers listed.
Prices are Edinburgh Norm for the food.
Although the burgers do not come with chips.
Sides were an extra £2.50.
However we found out that that was enough chunky chips for two hungry bedraggled cyclists so you might not need that many sides between 2-3 of you.
The service (once they'd picked up on the fact we were actually there) was very good up until we sat with our bill for 15 minutes.
However the company was acceptable so I wasn't that bothered.
£30 for 2 pints and 2 halves of beer and two burgers with shared chips.
I think it was possibly £2-3 too expensive but I'm probably being a bit picky.
Recommend checking it out but overall I think I preferred the burgers in Holyrood 9A...

I can't believe I had never been to the Cambridge Bar until last week.
What a great place!
Decent selection of beers, with even some Brooklyn Lager on tap.
Friendly crowd (although it was just before Christmas so I guess everybody is jolly at this time of the year).
I will certainly go back.

I knew of the Cambridge Bars reputation for burgers (which I've yet to sample) but wasn't too sure about what else would be good.
Holy-moley its beer central!!
It was busy when we were in but a good crowd and it was not overly noisy/crowded so we stayed for a few.
I loved the huge range of beers/lagers/ale's (and ciders) on offer.
Although I was strictly on the gin, having already mixed my grapes and grains, my amigo's were happy sampling the offerings, including some rarer varieties on tap.
I'll definitely come back here as they do GF beer!!
Yep, Estrella Dura bottled is available here which makes me v happy as I can literally head to the pub for a beer and not be the odd one out.
Perfect.

Very good bar centrally located but nestled away from all the shoppers on george/princes streets.
I love coming here for their burgers.
I normally go for their blue cheese burger.
They use fresh ingredients and the meat is very tender and juicy.
I like how they use Boston lettuce (may go as another name in the UK).
Burgers range from £8-9 but don't come with a side.
Their onion rings are really good!
It might be slightly more expensive for your typical gourmet pub burger but the atmosphere and the service make up for it!
They have an excellent array of beer to choose from so you will not go thirsty.
Some lovely wines and ciders too.
I went last night after work and I was really pleased with the service.
Our server was very helpful and accommodating.
It's useful to make a reservation because they can get pretty busy!

Edinburgh: The Cambridge.
I went for the classic cheese burger and I found such a beautiful juicy meat, but a bread that could be improved easily.
I will rate it 8.5/10 cause the bread.
I will suggest to book before.
£7.5

Terrible selection of beer, staff were nothing to be desired, wouldn't return.

The Camembert burger at The Cambridge Bar is a savory treat.
A char-grilled beef patty is accompanied by Camembert cheese, cranberry sauce, lettuce, and tomato.
The burger is a sandwiched between a soft sesame seed bun, which pairs well with the cranberry sauce.
Upon biting into the burger, I was reminded of a classic Thanksgiving dinner in the United States.
I opted to remove the tomato and the lettuce from the burger; since I found the simple combination of beef + cranberry + cheese to be a delight (the lettuce and tomato were ruining the texture and getting in the way).
I was not asked how I would like my beef cooked and I found it a little dry.
Thankfully, the cranberry and melted Camembert made up for some of this dryness and I think this burger would hold up against the best Scotland has to offer.

It's taken me almost 3 years to come to the Cambridge Bar.
The rumour of their legendary burgers kept them on my bucket-eat list for that time, but I just never made it here.
Till Joe A suggested a quick, cheeky burger lunch and I was IN.
It's a cool wee bar, I liked the folk who were working there as soon as I walked in.
A few screens for football, but small; and a kind of rocky feel; so it felt quite homely to me straight away.
(It's definitely not a rock bar though, it just had that familiar, homely, laid back feel; a million miles away from the faux-dahling of George Street one street up.
)  Coming here for food, there is really only one thing you can get - the burger.
It's a pretty extensive list, with a variety of unusual toppings.
I opted for the venison burger, and swapped out the brie and cranberry for mushrooms.
Joe took the Teriyaki, a pineapple ring covered (practically oozing) teriyaki sauce.
The burger comes as it is, pretty tall, nice big meat patty, generous toppings.
But no fries.
Those are on the side.
For £2.50.
And the burger is arond £8.95.
So that's £12 for a burger and fries... ouch.
That's paying the highest end premium for a burger and fries.
I can't quite work out why it's so expensive.
Most places will charge £8 - £10 for a burger, fries and slaw; of an equally good quality.
So...yeah, ouch.
The burger was really tasty, a really big patty (probably a bigger venison burger than at Holyrood 9A).
The fries were chunky-ish.
The food was really tasty, it was a great lunch, and it came out quickly; which suited my 45 minute lunch-slot well.
I'd definitely go back, the venison burger hit the spot really nicely.
Maybe it'll be a pay-day when I'm feeling flush lunchtime number.
Next up, I want to try the Fajita (which is different to the Mexican).
Big kudos for the very varied burger toppings!

Hands down.
Theee best burger I have had in Edinburgh.
Delicious.
Clearly homemade and cooked perfectly...... still a little pink in the middle!!
I love the space that they have in the Cambridge.
It looks and feels like a traditional, verging on the scale of 'old man-ish'.
But you only realise once you get in that looks can be very misleading.
My only issues with the Cambridge is that chips do not come as a standard side.... your £7/8/9 is just the burger.
Nothing else...... still totally reasonable given the quality.
The plate just looks a little empty!!
I would also note this place is pretty busy!
Twice it was just too busy to even think of waiting.
Other two times I did stay but had to wait for a table!
But definitely a must on the burger front!!

Absolutely love this place!
A fantastic burger, great chips and beer.
Highly recommended for an easy meal!

Came here on Sunday for lunch and had an absolutely delicious halloumi burger, while my boyfriend had the Aussie beef burger.
Whatever rumours of legendary burgers exist about the Cambridge Bar, they're all true.
Both burgers were generously portioned--typical halloumi burgers feature a small slice of halloumi but this one was enormous--and well-seasoned and very, very tasty.
We also had vanilla and peanut butter milkshakes were are even now making my mouth water just thinking about them.
Next time I have a hankering for a burger, this is absolutely where I'd go, and I'd recommend it wholeheartedly.

Very friendly bar staff who were even willing to show the US Open golf in between World Cup games.
Would return for sure!

Good food and good atmosphere.
I have been here over the years and never disappoints.
Had a venison burger last night and was as good as the buffalo burger I had a year ago.
I have suggested friends eat here and they too enjoyed it.
In an alley off the main part of new and this only adds to the charm.
Not touristy.

