The Kweilin is one of the classic old gentleman of the Cantonese restaurant scene in Edinburgh, having been around for years to bring its traditional service, and menu offerings, to steadfastly loyal Edinburgh diners.
Ok, so it isn't the edgiest, most high fashion establishment to elegantly eat your noodles (who I am kidding, there's nothing elegant about my chopstick technique), but what it doesn't have necessarily in the trends department, it makes up for with a consistently high standard of food and very professional staff.
The dishes here follow a very classic Cantonese menu route, so all your old, comforting favourites are here, from lemon chicken, to the everlastingly good Chow Mein, and a good old helping of crispy Peking duck and pancakes.
I always eat too much when I come here, and somehow, after eating the equivalent of about six main courses, I still manage to consume a wholeheartedly calorific banana fritter at the end of it all.
Tremendous.

So far, my favourite Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh.
If they would only deliver their food to me, I would eat from here about 3 times a week!
I've only eaten in once and although as Cheryl said it's nothing edgey or high fashion, the service was brilliant and the food was, as always, FANTASTIC!
I've lost count of how many times I've gotten takeout from here but it's been on point every.single.time.
I've had a variety of dishes from fish & tofu in a claypot to the more mainstream sweet & sour chicken/pork and have not found fault with any of the dishes.
Well worth a visit.

If you want to Chinese food in Edinburgh, it is the best choice in my opinion.
The restaurant is quiet (but i heard it is different what Chinese tourists are here), clean and waiter is kind.
Food is very good.
I ordered several foods but there is no food disappointing me.

Disappointing experience.
Extremely slow service and disorganized wait staff.
Inordinately long wait for food to arrive.
Everything served tepid and flavors flat.
I expected better in a world-class city with discerning clientele.
Not a spot I would return to or recommend.

First visit to Kweilin and it was enjoyable.
I'm not sure I was totally blown away as I know other people are.
Having eaten in China Town in San Fran and having my pick of about everything on the menu as they didn't use wheat flour, (I'm GF) then there were lots which were wheat based that I had to miss out on.
I could have the crispy duck (yum) but minus the pancakes as they use the mixed wheat/rice flour one's, rather than just rice paper rolls.
The chicken and sweetcorn soup was delicious as was my chicken and cashew nuts (with boiled rice).
I made the mistake of not checking about dessert - it was advertised as apple in caramel and I thought yum!
Until it came as deep fried balls of apple, covered in wheat batter and covered again in caramel.
It was delish looking but totally off limits so the rest of the table tucked in.
So, there are good options, food is reasonably priced (on a par with other restaurants of this quality) and the set menu's are good value - we had the 'crispy duck' which was soup and prawn crackers, crispy duck, choice of mains and tea or coffee at the end (£25 pp).
The wine list was ok too - started off with a malbec and then moved to pinot grigio with mains and both went well with all our dishes.
So I wouldn't not come on the basis of the overall wheat base of the food but I would be aware that my options will be a tad more restricted than other places I've experienced before...

We took forever to decide that we were going out for a meal.
When we did we chose Kwelin because of the reviews and location from home.
The fact that we could get a table at 2130 also helped the process.
Kwelin's food was good, I wouldn't say the best I have had but we both thoroughly enjoyed it.
The staff were friendly and even though we were blatantly stopping them going home they never made us feel like we had to leave.
I found it good value and would definitely go again.

