When Le Sept moved a few years ago from a location in one of the closes off the High Street, it lost a location with a lot of character, but not any of the quality of the food.
Now situated in Hunter Square, the restaurant is small enough to be cosy without feeling crowded in.
The food is very good, and they have a very reasonable lunch menu which offers a good choice.
Haven't eaten there in the evening, though.

Can't comment on the atmosphere here as when I ate there a couple of Sundays ago my party of three was the only table due to the early hour we'd booked.
Decor-wise there are plenty of tasty old French posters along with a fair amount of artfully shot b&w stills.
We were at a loss as to whether these last were meant to be squint on the walls or not.
Given the size of the place it was all to easy to hear the banter of the staff at the counter whilst we ate and at times this was a bit intrusive.
I would expect though that this is not the case when the restaurant is anywhere near full.
My appetite was sadly lacking on the day but the chicken liver terrine wrapped in bacon was tasty (some biscuits would have been handy though as the dish was more the consistency of pate) as was the cheese, leek and potato dish I had as a main course.
The rest of the party enjoyed their mushroom crepe and steak respectively.
All in all a reasonable experience but I think Edinburgh has better French restaurants than this to offer.
Ate here again a couple of Mondays ago and can't I'm afraid justify an increase of stars as yet.
Whilst both my pate starter (served sans biscuits so thank goodness for the basket of bread) and main of beef daube were well sized & tasted great (and at 2 courses for £12 prior to 18:45 excellent vfm) the salmon main course looked to be too simplistic and lacking in taste, service was rather impersonal and we had to wait quite a while until the bill was proferred.

This is a French Scottish place.
I had the sea bass which was good but a little small.
In general, the food is good but the prices are a little high.

Disclaimer: this is a review for their three course lunch for £10  Came here with Joey C yesterday afternoon and it was fantastic!
I had the onion soup, mussels in a white wine cream sauce and saffron with fries; Joey had the Salmon Crayfish Salad, Ricotta and Spinach Crepe with fries and we both had the Lemon Sorbet for dessert.
Appetizers - The Onion Soup was nothing special, I would advise going with something else like their Salmon and Crayfish Salad.
That was FAB!
(british slang for fabulous)  Entrees - The mussels were phenomenal!
They were clean with no sand bits in them, the sauce was very flavorful it was so good, it was musscular!
You wanna dip your bread in there to soak up the sauce... at least Joey did.
The Ricotta Spinach Crepe was more like a casserole than a crepe, very rich and cheesy.
It was a sizable portion so order with caution.
They both come with a order of fries/chips and those were delightfully crispy, very good!
Dessert - we didn't have room for dessert but the 2 course and 3 course were the same price so we just went with the Lemon Sorbet.
It was very tart/sour and you had TWO SCOOPS!
Their 3 Course Lunch for £10 lasts thru October so this review might be invalid in a few days.
Take what u want from it.

This place i absolutely gorgeous.
It's hard to screw up french food anyway, but Le Sept really does tick all the boxes.
It's true, the á la carte menu is quite pricey, but they have a special lunch menu on at the moment offering 3 courses for £10.50.
This is usually the price of one of their cheaper main courses from their evening menu, so you can see how good value for money it is.
It's beautiful inside.
This is going to sound really clichéd, but you could honestly be forgiven for thinking you were in Paris in the chic yet intimate setting.
And the food is equally beautiful: my starter was a Chicken Liver, Pistachio and Wild Mushroom Terrine which was all wrapped in Serrano Ham, and it was as delicious as it sounds.
The main course was equally as gorgeous, and I'll definitely be heading here again.

Best.
Crepes.
Ever.
FACT.
If you need a reason to go to Le Sept, there it is.
The crepes.
The food is really good too, it's French (oorrghh orrghhh oorrghh - say it in a french accent) and so you know it's going to be good.
It's lovely inside too, has a brilliant atmosphere and the staff are always really happy to help.
I really want a crepe now.

I went here for lunch the other day to sample their new '2 Courses for £8.50', and it was nowhere near as good as the last time I'd eaten here.
The service was really unfriendly and at times down right rude: one of our friends was running a few minutes late, and even though we'd explained this to the waitress when were ordering our drinks, she still came over three times trying to take our food order.
Each time we pointed out that we were still waiting for him, she rolled her eyes and sighed.
He was literally only 5-10 minutes late, it's not as though it was ages, and the restaurant was less than half full so it's not as though they needed our table.
If the food had also been as good as last time, we wouldn't have minded the bad service so much, but I'm afraid that was a bit of a let-down either.

This is one of the best French restaurants in Edinburgh.
I went there for a celebratory meal and it was excellent, the food was faultless.
Although I have heard that they rush you in and out we didn't find that, the waiters were attentive but not overbearing.
The interior is really cool as well, decked out like a Parisian café.
I especially enjoyed the Gary Larson cartoons in the toilets, which made me chuckle.
The food itself is exceptional; to start I had the chicken liver, wild mushroom and pork terrine, wrapped in serrano ham and served with a red onion marmalade.
It was brilliant, as were both the other starters enjoyed by my dining companions.
For a main I decided against the steak and went for the rack of lamb which was perfectly cooked.
The lamb was still pink and came accompanied with dauphinoise potatoes which were great as well.
The others had the venison and the sea bass which were all exquisitely made.
Le Sept is renowned for its crepes, both savoury and sweet, which I am yet to sample but if they are anything like the rest of the food I am preparing to be suitably impressed.
The restaurant is quite expensive, but definitely worth it for the quality.
For those a bit tighter of purse, they do a lunchtime menu with two courses for a tenner and three for £10.50.
If it's a nice day, you can sit out in Hunter Square, admittedly not quite the same as a Parisian street, but with the quality of the food here who really cares.

Dinner at Le Sept was, hands down, the best meal I've had since arriving in Edinburgh, and considering I've been here for three weeks and have had a lot of great meals, that's saying something.
The decor is great, rustic and country-charming with a blonde wood floor and old carved chairs, spacious yet cozy.
The service was great, the owners (I assume) were very warm and friendly.
The food was served just when we were ready for it and oh, what food it was.
I started with the smoked salmon and shrimp, and received a plate piled high with tender, pink salmon, a little vat of shrimp in a creamy aoili and a fresh green salad with tomatoes and onions.
I felt a bit like I was robbing the place, because the amount of salmon heaped on my plate was criminal!
I was full after the starter alone.
The boy had the baked goat cheese, which was a decent size and came with a salad as well, and it was all tangy, creamy cheesy goodness.
For our mains we went with crepes - I with the smoked haddock and shrimp (are we seeing a pattern here?
) and he with the chili con carne.
I didn't try the chili, but at the rate at which it disappeared I'm going to take a wild guess and say it was good.
Mine was absolutely delicious as well, as long as the plate and tucked under a blanket of melted cheese.
Little bowls of chips and salad appeared, and I stared at the bounty before me in slack-jawed wonder.
Having already consumed approximately an entire salmon, how was I supposed to eat all of this?
I did.
Well, most of it, and what I couldn't finish they kindly wrapped up for me so I could scarf it at home as soon as I had spare room in my belly.
Round all that off with a very affordable bottle of house red, and we had ourselves a delectable dinner.
The kicker - between 6pm and 6.45pm the two course menu is £12!
Le Sept just can't be beat.
I am definitely coming back... in a month... when I'm not full anymore.

I had been viewing art at the National Gallery in the morning then walked over to this low-key restaurant in Hunter's Square for their prix fix lunch, quite reasonably priced at £10 for 2 courses or £11 for 3.
I had read about Le Sept weeks ago prior to flying to Edinburgh and looked forward to planning a day to go there.
I started with an excellent salmon and shrimp salad on a bed of greens and tomato halves; it was very flavorful with a generous portion of smoked salmon.
I had the chicken and ham pie that had layers of crisp baked phyllo over big chunks of chicken and ham slices in a white cream sauce.
It was quite satisfying but wait...
I could get dessert for just £1 more?
I was all over that, getting an excellent white chocolate ice cream with chocolate rolled cookies.
I was replenished by the high quality and excellent value of this meal without slipping into a food coma and would be all too happy to return in the future.
Le Sept has been in business for 25 years and obviously doing a lot of things right.

I had a very good experience here.
The food was good, the price was good (£15 for two courses) and the general ambiance was also very good.
It was actually a set Christmas menu which could make the review redundant but it was actually a good barometer for quality.
I had a fish cake starter with a lemon and chive mayo which was delicious and crisp followed by a turkey roast which wasn't too stodgy, it had a nice light jus with a spicy cranberry sauce.
The house wine was also very good!
Compared to other French eateries in Edinburgh I would say this place is less pretentious and relaxed, it's decently priced and it's centrally located.
I will go back!

Very charming.
We booked the £12 for two courses "table d'hote" menu on 5pm.co.uk which was a pretty good deal.
I noted on the reservation that I was eight months pregnant and would like a comfortable table, and they quite kindly accommodated by putting us at a four-top table where I could sit on a bench with a high, straight back.
Heaven.
I really appreciated this, and the atmosphere of the place in general didn't disappoint.
The cheeky little devil of their logo is a perfect window into the vibe of the place--1920s French bistro decor.
A bit of art, a bit of artlessness.
Service was a bit...well.
I did appreciate the table but the servers were either scary or flaky.
But maybe that's just Scottish service in general.
We definitely did not feel rushed and were there for over 90 minutes enjoying an app, an entree, and a dessert.
We split the grilled goat's cheese app, which had a generous portion of cheese but could have used a bit more greens.
Still, the flavors were in a lovely complement to one another and we licked the plate clean.
We both paid the extra £5 for the Aberdeen Angus steak, and I would discourage you from doing the same.
The steak was pretty good and cooked properly to order, but the sauces accompanying it were extremely overpowering.
No nuance, just a screaming pile of GARLIC or BERRIES (maybe the other sauces were a bit more elegant, but these two were not).
Dessert though brought things back around with the gorgeous chocolate terrine.
The Table d'Hote menu is limited but if booked on 5pm is a great deal.
It's a nice leisurely meal where the food is mostly pretty great and served in a charming little slice of France.

Pretty solid French restaurant right in the heart of Edinburgh.
Got me a French Onion soup, nothing special, and a nicoise salad with Scottish salmon.
This was delicious.
For dessert, a chocolate crepe... that was drowning in chocolate sauce.
Oh my .Now that was one awesome dessert.
It was quite the deal with the fixed price menu.

Mistake indeed.
No atmosphere.
Bland food.
Rude service.
I would like to elaborate but I am afraid I may become crass.
We visited here  and I forgot then I already vowed not to set foot in this place when agreed to this visit.
thus i gave them another chance, mistake.
Over the years they have changed the lay out and decor.
That is it I guess.
Service and quality of food is questionable to say the least.
It was perhaps we went with couple that run a B&B in France and they (& we) were expecting a little French hospitality and cuisine.
Mistake.
We instead got the French stereo type of ignorant and poohaa.
And that was when I was truly trying to like it.
OK - I haven't been here since, but I do hope that they have seriously changed their ways.
However, with all the better places out there in Edinburgh I will not be spending my money here anytime soon.

