This restaurant called Jimmy Chungs on Waverley Bridge is a great place to dine out with family or friends.
They offer a range of chinese food in a buffet meal.
The starters, mains are lovely and taste delicious.
The dessert range is great from icecream to cakes.
The waiters or waitress are very quick at their jobs and don't keep you waiting for long.
It does get very busy there, so I do think booking is a good idea just to make sure you get a space if you have more than 5 guests.
Its got a great view so you can see out and the restaurant is near the train station too.

All-you-can eat buffet always attracts my attention.
I came here for lunch after an big night out with some friends.
Word of advice for those about to eat at a buffet: avoid tummy expanding food stuff.
Make the most of your money by eating slowly (if you can- I am still working on that) and being careful on what you eat i.e skip the bread and stuff that will bloat you.
As expected we rolled out of here with the aftertaste (and the breath) of over-processed food covered- literally- in gluten sauce.
Sexy.
However, there is a huge selection.
It just all tastes the same by the end of it.
But it hit the spot.
We weren't hungry for days.
Neither did we crave Chinese for a while.

Theres something about chinese food that makes the prospect of an all you can eat buffet a wonderful thing - and I'm not talking about huge amoiunts of addictive MSG!
Jimmy Chungs is really well located - theres nothing quite like a day on Princes Street then a going for the lunch buffet, you'll not need to eat for days!
There is a huge amount of food to eat, all different sorts as well.
Trouble is thats its all a bit samey and really, its not the best quality.
On saying that though, I really enjoyed the food (it's tasty, if not good quality) and it wasnt hugely expensive.
Pretty good over all!

Jimmy Chungs is in a great location.
Whether your ravenous after a journey to Waverley Station or looking for some dinner after shopping on Princes Street it's in an ideal spot to drop into.
It offers an all-you-can-eat buffet for about £7 which includes drinks, many different savoury Chinese dishes with noodles, rices and prawn crackers and jellies and ice cream for desert.
The service is friendly, welcoming and simply lets you get on with it.
The food, however, all seems to taste the same.
No matter whether it's chicken, pork or beef, the sauces all seem to jus merge into one on the palate.
I'm no expert on Chinese cooking but I'm pretty sure that the quality of their food isn't that good.
Jimmy Chungs is ideal if your after a long and filling lunch or dinner with your friends.
My main issue is that £7 seems a lot for fairly average food.

I once heard that Jimmy Chungs in Elgin got shut down for serving Seagull meat.
I don't know if that's true or not, but I do know that Jimmy Chings in Elgin was shut for about 3 weeks mysteriously.
Do do dooo do doooo.....
So I'm always a bit apprehensive of this Chinese chain, following the Elgin story.
However I came here recently and was quite surprised at how good the selection was and how tasty it was.
I must admit, I avoided the meat unless I was totally sure what it was.
It's your bog-standard Chinese, although this one does have an outside area, which I imagine is quite nice in the summer!
It's all reasonably prices too, they always have big banners outside advertising cheap prices etc.
It's an all-you-can-eat buffet, so value for money is amazing.

If there's one thing old Jimbo is good at, it's milking the cash cow.
He's certainly not good at making top quality Chinese food.
I've been quite harsh on a number of Chinese buffet restaurants throughout my Yelp scouting, and with good reason.
They're all awful, and use the age-old trick of loading the food with a number of stomach filling additives to ensure that you'll be reaching for the sick bag a few mouthfuls in.
If however you still want to hand over you're £12.99 to honest Jim, then please be aware that you will need to visit the toilet with a great degree of urgency immediately after your meal.
It will hurt and it will stink, but it's the price you pay.

The premise of an unlimited buffet is always tempting but there's always the fear that your delving into trays of re-heated slop and left over gruel.
There should be no such concerns when dining at Jimmy Chung's as the buffet food on offer is a satisfactory.
Note the fairly bland choice of wording there as the food could never be described as spectacular.
As far as Chinese buffets, this one is A-OK.

Although Steph had said this doesn't in any way epitomise Scottish culture, I have to be a sharp tongued critic and disagree.
Getting to stuff your face and pretending you're cultured for eating takeaway oriental food is what being Scottish is all about for many people!
That's probably why a small part still apeeals to me.
I used to live for Chinese buffets, but am growing more cynical as my palate develops with age.
Don't get me wrong, it's great for teenagers and big parties where you're having to find a good middle ground in terms of food.
If your auntie hates Indian while your mum won't tolerate pasta, it puts you in a bit of a predicament.
Step forth the buffet, since buffets are usually more Americanised that representative of a single country's cuisine.
Jimmy Chungs is no exception to this.
For just over £12 at peak times you can fill yourself silly with sweet and sour, chips, and spring rolls to your heart's content.
Jimmy's is big, well laid out and signposted so you won't get lost between kung po and banana fritter.
The food isn't bad - it didn't make me sick, for sure - but can sit in your tummy awfully heavily after a meal.
There is where I agree with Gavin - the dreaded MSG is added, so that all you can eat turns rapidly from a glutton fest to feeling like you're pregnant.
It's the closest men will get to experiencing pregnancy symptoms, but perhaps won't get away with the excuse of potent pregnancy farting as much as a girl would, even after a Jimmy Chung's.
But enough of my descent into Potty Talk - not to be avoided, but not my first destination, either.

I have trouble saying "no" to a Chinese buffet.
Perhaps it's something in my genes that's lacking.
Whatever it is, I just can't seem to be able to walk on by.
When I saw this upon my arrival to Edinburgh, I bookmarked it, as I knew I would have to be back.
Jimmy Chung's has an ideal location for loads of walk-by traffic, right on the Waverley Bridge above the train station and across from where all the tour buses start/end their journeys.
As such, I had high hopes for them.
I won't say I was disappointed, but it was only about average.
The food wasn't ethnic by any means.
More like what I would call "Americanized" but in Scotland, I suppose here it would be "Anglicized".
None of the entrees were particularly flavorful and most were rather bland.
Chicken curry, spare ribs (drowning in sauce), chicken in black bean sauce, maryland chicken.
I particularly enjoyed the lemon chicken, which was not covered in tons of sauce or batter.
One choice was new - I've also never had Mongolian lamb before.
This one was decent.
Desserts included ice cream (chocolate, vanilla or strawberry) already scooped into bowls in a freezer.
Also a tray of hot banana fritters were quite yummy, especially with the ice cream.
Would I return?
Maybe if I'm suffering from another Chinese food craving.

1) Bad barely warm food 2) Luckily little seafood as frankly the length of time some of the food out there was suspect 3) Vegetarian options include chips, rice, noodles, omelette and one vegetable dish   Horrible food.
Won't be back.

Scotland has become home to many people from far flung parts of the world.
My own family returned here from the United States, and my father and mother brought my brother and me to Scotland from Iran, where we were born.
Given the eclectic mix of culinary cultures that now find themselves at home in Scotland, it is not surprising that restaurants trumpeting the best (and perhaps the worst) of exotic dining have become well established in Scotia's capital.
The administrator and i arranged to meet the embalmer at Waverley on the opening day of the General Assembly.
He would bring photographs of his son and we would be moved nearly to tears by the sheer wonder of new life.
Where to eat was a no-brainer.
We were at Waverley, so Jimmy Chung's on Waverley Bridge was the obvious and ideal place.
Nothing spectacular about this restaurant;  just the usual msg-laden fare.
The truth is that we like Chinese Buffets, and there is nothing wrong with this one.

Cheap easy and very tasty

I am seeing lot of 3 stars for this restaurant and I cant do the same.
For me it was a great experience.
The price is good  or non expensive compared to UK prices, the place is central and very large, waiters were abundant and rarely I found my plate on the table, though I tend to take new food on the same plate to be environment friendly (depends the mood).
There were some remarks that the food was not of high quality.
I am not an expert on Chinese food, and perhaps I was too hungry, but I found no foul on the food.
On the contrary, apart it was to my expectations, I was greatly impressed with the choice of dishes and gravy they had.
I am not exaggerating but there were about 40 things to choose from, all labelled.
The atmosphere was cosy, lots of people, was lucky to sit on a desk-like table....  well Jimmy you merit 5 stars but don't inflate the price!
The problem with this buffet is that you overeat and you enter as Mr.Stan Laurel and exit as Mr.Oliver Hardy

It is more expensive than the cheap London Chinese buffets, so I expected a bit better quality.
Alas, the food was of the low quality greasy fried "Chinese" (none of my Chinese friends cook like that) that you expect to find in the cheapest places.
At least the place looks good, is spacious and there is all you can eat ice cream!
Not particularly good ice cream, but all-you-can-eat ice cream does count for something.
I had quickly read some good reviews on my phone, while walking by it and decided to go in, but it seems a lot of people have no idea what a decent Chinese buffet is like.
No, it should not be just deep-fried stuff.

HORRIBLE customer service - I went to the restaurant with my friend, and there was one Chinese waiter who was very rude to us.
When we wanted to pay, the bill was thrown onto the table.
When we were asking him something, he either shouted at us, or just ignored us.
Food - Not really good.
We're Chinese food lovers and we don't think it's up to the standard.
In fact they're serving some cheap food.
And most of them are too salty.
Price - We went there at 4.30pm and they charged us £12,90 per person, which is the price from 5pm till night.
We were thinking it was too pricey for food like that....Eww..  By the way, we went there on 11/02/2013, the 2nd day of Chinese New Year.

