The most AMAZING ice cream in the whole world!!
- Award winning in fact, I'm surprised there is only one other review because I feel as though I'll be raving about this for a while.
The food here was great, all 5 of us enjoyed different meat and vegetarian meals and all agreed that we would go back here again in future for a good Italian.
The staff are genuine Italians and very friendly.
Decor is a bit tired but that was irrelevant once we tucked into the Bruschetta starter and it only got better from there on in.
I'm almost considering going again tomorrow just for Ice cream, seriously.

This is a bright and airy bit of Italy in Edinburgh, filled with somewhat stereotypical (although nice) Italian country designs.
Plenty of yellow contrasts with dark wood furnishings, and large windows look out on the street.
The food is very good, and the primary menu is large, as are the dessert and drink menus.
Many of the entrée options allow half orders, which are excellent for lunch or for smaller appetites.
The staff is warm and friendly.
An enjoyable place for lunch, especially.

A random Italian place with great service.
If they have it do the frutti di mare.
Comes with A TON of seafood.
We were pleasantly weirded out by the quantity.

This is one of those places you pass a zillion times and never even realise it's there.
I've passed this Italian endless times over the past few years and instantly forgotten its existence.
It will be on my radar going forward though, because boy is the food here good.
I came for a family meal and all six of us had a really enjoyable meal.
The restaurant was also packed, which just reinforces the idea in my head that this place is a bit of a gem.
I went for the calzone.
Worried that it might be quite small, I was more than pleasantly surprised to discover that my plate of food arrived looking like a pizza mountain.
It was enormous!
And really tasty too.
Desserts are something else.
The menu runs to two pages and all the puds seem to be made in-house.
The ice cream was amazing.
I'd come back here as a place for desserts alone.
My banana split was excellent, and the items that came in knickerbocker glasses looked immense.
Will definitely be back.
Great little restaurant.

We walked down the street looking for a place to eat.
Saw the place was packed and looked at the menu.
Decided it must be good because it's so busy.
We were right!
The waiters are the best and the foods is very tasty!
To top it off we ended with desserts.
Ohhhhh sticky toffee pudding.
So yummy!
This is definitely a place to visit in your travels!
Would become a regular if we lived here.

