this is a chain of australian- themed bars.
my review is based only on the bar aspect of the place; i did not eat here although the menu featured such idiosyncratic delicacies like kangaroo salad.
being a chain, it's a bit short of atmosphere.
but there were myriad sports options on the many TV screens and several offerings of australian beer (but none of my favorites like cascade, boags or even xxxx).
if you're a homesick aussie or sports fanatic, this place is a-ok.

Walkabout is situated in the Omni Centre in the centre of town.
It is an Australian themed bar, I kind of imagine it as the Australian version of Wetherspoons.
I'm not a big go to the pub drinker, so my experience of Walkabout tends to be eating.
Their menu is pretty standard pub food with a few exciting changes.
For example they do a Kangaroo burger.
I have never been brave enough to try, something about eating Skippy doesn't appeal to me.
But a friend usually goes for it and he seems to enjoy it.
They usually have deals like "Burger and Beer for £5" and such like.
The burgers are great, pretty huge and tasty for a good price.
There is a variety of sizes to choose from as well as extras you can add to the burger.
They do sharing platters as well which are pretty good for two people to nibble on, don't make the mistake we did of ordering that and two burgers.
They show a lot of sport in here, so it gets pretty busy especially if Australia are playing.
There is usually quite a lot of Australians in here too, so if your from Oz it might be worth checking out.
They also occasionally have bands playing too.
Its probably not the type of place I would spend a whole evening drinking, but for something to eat its pretty good.

Typically I consider this a place to avoid due to its high prices, but on the occasions when I've been in the area and there is a sports match of some form on and I'm quite keen to see it, I bite the bullet and come on over here.
Even though the places gets fairly crowded for a big game there are more screens than you could shake a stick at, so making sure that you can see the game is never a problem so you don't miss a second of the game.
The only downside is that there really isn't enough seating for these occasions and you will be standing with your neck craned to the nearest screen which can get a little bit uncomfortable over time.
Other than on these days to me it's over priced and I go elsewhere especially on Friday and Saturday nights (after 9pm) when they have the cheek to ask for £3 just for you to come in.

Walkabout is a great and friendly bar which is part of the Omni Centre entertainment complex.
I've visited this bar a few times now, primarily to watch Six Nations or Rugby World Cup games, and this bar provided a great atmosphere to that.
Obviously, on days of big sporting occasions, you do need to be early to guarantee a seat, as it does tend to get busy quite quickly.
The prices are slightly higher than standard pub prices, but they do a tasty range of food that will be enough to keep you going through a tense second half.
I've yet to go to this place for a normal night out, but I can't fault it on the sports atmosphere.
I too would be intrigued to try the kangaroo burger - I'm sure the standard 'tastes like chicken' will be the response!

Have you ever tried a kangaroo burger?
No?
Then you must pay Walkabout a visit.
I had never tasted a kangaroo burger before I stepped into this Australian themed bar, but when I left this bar I had thoroughly enjoyed the experience of the kangaroo burger!
Apart from the kangaroo burger, the bar offers a selection of Aussie themed foods and a good selection of drinks at the bar.
However, one aspect that disappointed me was the atmosphere.
I have only ever been early evening and the place lacked the atmosphere that is common in other bars and pubs.
The bar itself is quite large and seemed to me to be quite empty, the premises just seem to big for this bar at times.
However, if you want the full Australian experience in Edinburgh, Walkabout is not a bad choice!

