Vibrantly painted walls in this quaint basement restaurant.
Good food and a lively atmosphere.
Recommended.

I want to give this place more than just three stars because I actually had an incredibly lovely evening here last night.
However, the loveliness of my evening was due almost entirely to the company I was with, as well as the friendliness of the wait staff.
The food was what really fell short here...and the chairs, the incredibly uncomfortable chairs.
It was by no means bad, but it just didn't WORK very well.
For starters I had- pumpkin gnocchi with shredded ham hock, slow roasted cherry tomatoes & bocconcini.
It was nice, and definitely my favorite dish of the evening.
The texture of the gnocchi was a bit unusual but ultimately the flavors of the dish went together nicely.
Also, considering the size of the dish, it was a bargain at £5.95.
However, as it was a starter, I didn't want it to be that large.
It filled me up to the point I where I didn't need anything else to eat, and I hadn't even finished it!
My friend had the smoked halibut, baby spinach & goats cheese roulade with radish & watercress salad, roast yellow pepper & Arran mustard vinaigrette.
She asked if the yellow pepper could be left off, and they kindly replaced it with a reduced balsalmic (though, to be honest, I never noticed balsalmic anything).
We swapped starters so I had the chance to try this one as well.
The goats cheese roulade completely overwhelmed the halibut in both size and flavor.
The proportion of cheese to fish seemed to indicate that one was expected to take large mouthfuls of cheese with a tiny sliver of fish as an accompaniment.
I like cheese as much as the next person, but it was simply too much.
Even tiny accents of the cheese taken with the fish overwhelmed the flavor and ultimately I managed only a few bites before I gave up, uninterested.
After our massive starters, even stretched out over about an hour and a half, we weren't hungry in the least.
Feeling too guilty to spend so much time at the table and have only wine and starters, we ordered a main to share.
We chose the braised Portobello mushrooms stuffed with black crowdie on a borlotti bean, white cabbage, plum tomato & basil stew, confit garlic coulis.
The mushrooms were nice, but the black crowdie had the texture of hard styrofoam and the beans were undercooked to the point of being hard.
The flavors and presentation were all quite nice but the individual elements were extremely lacking.
This dish was also immense and there is NO way I could have finished it alone.
We also noticed that all mains are served with a small side of steamed vegetables - new potatoes, carrots, broccoli and snow peas.
I'm not sure why they do this because while we all love veggies, they didn't compliment the dish (and it doesn't seem they would compiment anything on the menu), I certainly didn't need any more food, and really just think that the restaurant is wasting money on a completely unnecessary extra.
The icing on the cake was when I was sitting in bed later that evening and my stomach was rumbling unhappily.
Not with hunger and certainly not as a result of over-eating, but clearly unimpressed by the sub-par meal.

I've eaten here a number of times in the past (including one Xmas dinner) and can safely say I've had no complaints about the service or food.
Likewise the upstairs bar does the job, with a good range of most types of alcohol.
What surprised myself and my companions last weekend though was to see Innis & Gunn available on draught.
Surprise number two came when we found out it was £6.50 a pint!
Needless to say no pints were bought.
The price is no doubt set against what the supplier charges the bar but this is beer made in Scotland, not Leffe which is the same strength but at least imported.
Given that you can get the bottled versions for not much more than a quid in Morrison's I think I'll be sticking to that option.

