Rather than return to a regular haunt for dinner in the Bruntsfield area, decided to give this recently renovated local eatery a try.
Have to say I'm glad I did despite not getting off to the best start.
I was looking forward to a pre-dinner cocktail from their small but nicely formed menu, but sadly had to re-think my options when told they were out of mint and basil, so adios Mojito and Basil Grande.
Option 3 was decent enough and served through in fhe library, away from the noise of the main bar.
After a quick glance at the menu we shuffled through to one of several dining areas and ordered.
Our waitress was great, full of chat but not intrusively so, but obviously very busy - I didn't see anyone else serving and she was being run ragged.
The food itself was good, well cooked and presented.
The bread platter had a decent selection of breads, olives, dips and oils to get us going and the mains didn't disappoint.
I went for the chicken supreme which was moist and full of flavour while the lovely opposite had baked sea bass.
Finished it all off with a decent cheese board and a couple of bottles of white.
We retired to the bar area after to listen to a bit of acoustic strumming before stumbling home.
All in all, a decnt venture out and with 20% of the food bill not the bank buster I'd worried about.

You should have been sitting in my office to experience the stunned silence which greeted my coworker when she suggested that we go to the Links for our Christmas lunch.
"Um... isn't that kind-of dirty studenty?
" we asked.
Only when she explained that it has new owners and has been done up, and we popped online to look up pictures, did we understand.
The "dirty student" has definitely been taken out of this place.
In its place, there is a reasonbly nice, quiet bar which serves delicious smelling burgers, and a restaurant with incredibly reasonble prices.
I've not tried the food yet, so watch this space for an updated review after our Christmas lunch.
The decor of the bar hasnt' been changed that dramatically, just spruced up and made a bit classier.
Unfortunately, while very nice, the same can't be completely said for the staff ...
I asked about their guest ale and was informed that "it's uh, you know, an ale..?
"  Uh yeah thanks for that.
Despite that small setback, I'm really pleased.
Bruntsfield has been a bit lacking in places to go after work and with the Links now a grown up place to visit, I will defiitely be back.

Well, I had my work Christmas lunch here yesterday and have some constructive criticism...  First of all, the staff are incredibly friendly and accomodating.
We were originally seated in the bar area (which is famiy friendly up to a certain hour) but when one of our group brought her baby, they offered to move us somewhere quieter, and gave us a lovely table in their gorgeously done-up dining room.
But then we got the menus.
For a place which is trying to give off an upmarket image, both the apperance and make-up of the menu lets them down.
First of all, it's printed in such a way that says "this menu will never change with the seasons" as it's a folded piece of thick, shiny ...
I don't even know how to describe it but it makes me think of the old Links (student Links) menu.
Secondly, for all of the gorgeous decoration in that dining room, the restaurant menu appears to be no different from the bar menu and serves up burgers, stromboli, sausage and mash, pie, etcetcetc.
Pub fare.
It had a couple of nicer sounding items, but when we all received our menus there was a silence that said "oh, I was expecting something nice than this" and not "ooooh it all looks so good I just can't decide"  I ordered the stromboli (which had been baked too long and was pretty dried out) which came with (underseasoned) chips, (tasteless) onion rings and coleslaw.
Seriously.
Usually you don't get all three of the fatty sides, and usually there is at least an *option* of salad??
I realise it's not the classiest of dishes to order, but they could easily class it up a bit to fit with the surroundings.
Seriously, all they need to do it serve it with salad and, say, sweet potato chips and it immediately becomes more interesting and less beige.
For all my whingeing, my coworkers enjoyed their starters and mains.
Maybe I chose poorly?
Maybe I'm just picky?
It wasn't bad, it just didn't fit.
Additionally, the price of our meals (mine was £8) was very good, and as I said, the service was lovely and friendly.
I would return, but with much lower expectations.
I would return for a pub meal, and not a restaurant meal.

