middling italian fare on the grassmarket.
you could do much worse in the UK  (think bella italia) but you could also do better.
it's a fine place to enjoy a slightly better than average italian meal on a sunny day.

I have been twice to eat at this establishments and twice I have left disappointed.
No  I don't have a horror story from the place or that the service was bad.
Quite the opposite our waiter on both occasions was just fine- nothing too special.
It's that I left feeling I had a rather mediocre over priced meal.
I am no great cook but I hate it when I order a meal only to be presented with something  I can easily make at home for a 1/6th of the price.
I like to order stuff I usually don't have often and I was disappointed at this place as it falls in the mediocre range of Italian restaurants.
I suppose it just falls back on all the tourists it gets because of its location and doesn't try and compete with some of the other truly excellent Italian restaurants we have in the City.
However, just because you are in a tourist-prime location doesn't mean you should slack on your menu.
Plus the Italian song on repeat gets tiresome.
The interior feels a bit tired and in need for a bit of a revamp.
There are some other, better eateries in the area so I wouldn't bother too much with this place unless something dramatic happens.

I visited Gennaro Ristorante about a week ago and came away feeling like it could be doing a lot better.
It's a pleasant, family-run business which aims to provide value for money, authentic Italian food for locals and tourists alike.
The staff are friendly and it offers a nice setting to relax and enjoy your meal in.
We sat outside and the food didn't take long to arrive.
The main problem was that the menu just didn't offer anything we have all seen before.
It only had the standard pizza and pasta dishes, the most adventurour of which was a mixed seafood tagliatelle.
I went for the pepperoni pizza which was quite nice, although the cheese wasn't rich enough and the sausage was a little frazzled.
Our meals came to about £6.50 each, a little steep for what they were.

I went to Gennaro Ristorante one day for dinner several months ago and I thought it was fairly average.
I was cold, wet and hungry that day and would have eaten anywhere, and so I didn't have high expectations of a fantastic meal, but I was still pretty disappointed with this place.
The outside of the restaurant looks really good and inviting, but inside I thought it was pretty dull and our tables definitely wasn't clean.
The menu offered a good choice of authentic Italian dishes including pasta and pizzas.
I had a ham and mushroom pizza, which was pretty tasteless, and they skimped on the toppings and the cheese - never good.
Most of the main courses are priced at around six pounds which is fairly reasonable and the portion sizes are fairly generous.
I complained to the staff that my glass was dirty and they apologised and brought me a new one - which still wasn't all that clean.
Gennaro Ristorante is a pretty average Italian restaurant, but there are much better Italian restaurants in the city which are worth visiting instead.

I just really like this place, food is pretty darn good, service is good.
Have eaten there off and on for over 10 years.
Always acceptable.
Won't dabble in the semantics of how authentic the food is, to me it tasted good, had fresh ingredients and was appropriately priced.

This is a place to avoid.
I hardly ever say this and it pains me to say it but it's true.
All the staff may be Italian but it is the worse Italian food I've ever had anywhere!
I've eaten Italian food in New York, California and Italy and this was by far the worse.
The streak and mushrooms that I ordered were drenched in grease and lacked taste.
To add insult to injury it is overpriced.

This Italian restaurant looks pleasant enough sat amongst lots of pubs and cafes on Grassmarket.
Everywhere was mega busy with it being the start of the festival and the tattoo so to be honest this was one of few that had a table for four available inside!
Inside looks really nice and at first the staff seemed quite pleasant.
BUt i was very disappointed with the menu and the quality of the food.
I have travelled across Italy and sampled lots of delights and always taste local italian foods in the UK being fairly new to Edinburgh we thought we would try it.
My sons garlic bread was the blandest garlic bread i've ever tasted and mine and my husband's bruschetta was ok and my brother in laws prawn starter he said was good although he may have just being polite as we were paying!
As soon as i saw my main of veal i knew it wasn't going to be good.
The service thereafter went down hill, we had to ask for coffees and it was the worst cappuccino i have ever had!
It really could be so much better with the location which is great!Won't be going there again!

On a very busy Friday evening, we found ourselves with nowhere else to go than here.
Quite frankly, I would rather have not eaten anything.
The food was completely bland and lacking in imagination and distinctly overpriced.
The service in particular was dreadful.
One waiter was incredibly rude when I asked for some water when he was serving our 'food' and told me to shut up and not interrupt him.
Terrible, don't bother.

Our food was quite good.
Four cheese pizza excellent.
Lasagna was really tasty.
Lemon sole light and fresh.
asparagus chicken rich and yummy  Reasonably priced.
Would  go again.

Wow - bad reviews.
We split the chicken.
They split it for us and subbed for a second salad.
Portions were huge.
And it was flavourful.
Waitress had an edge, but we liked it overall.
They were open late, which was a plus.

