Being carved a slice of scrambled eggs is just wrong.
God knows how long these things had been under the heat lamp already but given I visited here at the bright and early time of 9am I can only imagine how much bouncier these beasts were going to get...The rest of the food was pretty greasy and not worth the prices.
I'm sad this place doesn't live up to its great name.

Nice vegetarian options.
Though I agree the heat lamps are ever-present here, I had a great meal.
One of us got some sort of sweet potato lasagna that was really interesting.
Dessert was quite nice also.

In a word - AWFUL!
I'm a self-confessed bit of a food snob and on the surface this place looked like the perfect place for breakfast on a... Sunday.
BUT....    ... standing in the queue decided on the 5-portion hot breakfast.
I was given 1 small scraggly piece of fatty bacon, 1 sausage [very poor quality sausage meat], 1 greasy potato cake, a spoonful of watery scrambled egg and a spoonful of mushrooms + a piece of granary toast [which was the best bit of the whole breakfast].
What added insult to injury was when I got back to my table and started pondering the price (£5.25).
Considering you could buy individual items at 65p each, if I'd just picked 5 it would have only cost me £3.25 (+ toast).
I had been ripped off £2 because they called 5 items a particular name.
Would not go back.

The butternut squash lasagna) was absolutely amazing.
The portion was gigantic and was a great meal for a very reasonable price.
The cafe itself is also very bright and cute, though there seems to be a seating shortage.
I also had a greek salad, which was decent, but then again, messing up greek salad would be pretty difficult.
The only reason this restaurant doesn't get 5 stars was my friend's couscous -- there was something decidedly off about the texture and was rather flavorless.

I sat in here a few weeks ago as I was feeling a little parched and was in serious need of a good old cup of tea.
Being on the Royal Mile I was a little worried that it would be ridiculously overpriced but I couldn't be bothered walking anywhere else and there was a free seat at the window with my name on it.
Inside it's quite a good sized cafe, fresh and bright with wicker seats and as the sun was shining in it felt like a large conservatory.
The staff are really bubbly and chatted away to me as I was ordering.
My pot of tea was only £1.80 which I think is pretty reasonable indeed, especially considering the location.
I claimed my seat at the window and sat for a good half an hour watching the world go by.
If you like people watching as I do make sure you get a window seat as this is a prime people watching spot.
I love the relaxed vibe to this cafe and at no point did I feel pressured to guzzle down my cuppa' and leave I could easily have sat for ages and still felt just as relaxed.
I definitely recommend this little cafe and although I haven't tried any of the cakes or sandwiches they had a good selection that looked rather tasty.

This little cafe is a breath of fresh air on the Royal Mile as it isn't decorated in tartan and ridiculously overpriced.
While it isn't cheap, it is reasonably priced.
I met my Dad here for coffee, well I had orange juice and they got that right!
I had a Cranberry and Brie Scone which was a new thing to me, and it was surprisingly tasty!
I love little cafes like this as they stick two fingers up to places like Starbucks and Costa.
The lunch dishes which were passing me by looked good enough that I will probably stop by for lunch some time.

In terms of it's name, it's appearance, it's attitude and menu, Always Sunday is quite unique on The Royal Mile, and is more the type of place you'd expect to find in Bruntsfield or somewhere.
It's not perhaps the best little cafe and tearoom in Edinburgh, but on a street loaded with utter dives such as Rabbie Burns Cafe and Garfunkel's, it's certainly some way ahead of it's neighbours.
Especially good with a window seat and a newspaper.

I've got to say, I'm a big fan of Always Sunday.
It's bigger than a lot of the claustrophobic eating businesses huddled together on the Royal Mile, and a bit less stuck in its ways.
Its bright eyed and bushy tailed exterior gives you a bit of an idea of what it will be like inside, and its massive bay windows show it has nothing to hide!
Fresh and contemporary with a colourful menu, Always Sunday serve up everything from full on fatty English breakfasts (including a veggie option so everyone can experience the mighty fry up), continental breakfasts, lunches with a Mediterranean flare and some delicious cakes.
They have their own twist on the usual lunchtime cafe offerings, but what really wins me over is their booze license.
It is quite unusual for a cafe of this style in Scotland to also sell some classy bottled beers such as Peroni, and it gives diners an alternative destination to a pub if they want to grab lunch with a few drinks.
They sell a number of Italian wines, making this place a great venue for a girlie catch up.
They also make Irish and Jamaican coffee after 11AM if you're needing a kick start to the day.
A unique and refreshing addition to the staid Royal Mile, Always Sunday's laid back aura and universiality make it a winner with me!

I do appreciate Always Sunday's handy location on the Royal Mile for a quick coffee pick up (or I need this to get me through the next few hours, in my case), and you can't beat that knowledge and accessibility, when it comes down to you rushing to work or just rushing in general, and you know you need to stop somewhere really quickly for a caffeine fix.
In that scenario, Always Sunday is a good call.
The vibe here is really laid back and it is a pretty cool little oasis of cafe goodness on a strip of the Royal Mile that is pretty bargain tartaned up, however, I think I may just have been unlucky, but every time I've been in here it's been packed to the rafters and hotter than the centre of the sun.
I'm not brilliant at dealing with overheated situations, plus drinking a coffee to make the whole situation an even more high temperature orientated experience is not the best of ideas, so I suppose I've been less attracted to hanging out in here for long expanses of time, and more up for taking advantage of its take away facilities.
Really friendly staff though, and a good overall option for Royal Mile replenishment.

As Marj said, the size of the place is what hits you first!
It's huge!!
It's also one of my preferred places to eat - which is rare for the royal mile.
For one, it's not aimed at tourists.
It's just a nice place to eat, a nice normal casual could-be-anywhere-in-the-world place to eat....unlike all those tartan clad, william wallace-loving places all around it.
they have a really good menu which I've yet to work through.
It's all reasonably priced too, and has a brilliant atmosphere.
The name of the place gives it away - always chilled , always happy, always Sunday!

Always Sunday is my favourite place to eat on the High Street.
Situated in the centre of the Royal Mile, Always Sunday is right in the centre of the city and so it is a convenient place to reach and it is always a popular place with the tourists.
As the other reviewers have notes, it was the sheer size of the place which blew me away when I first ate here - it is massive!
So it is a great place to bring a large party of people as they will almost definitely be able to accommodate them all.
I have been here for lunch several times, and I absolutely love their homemade soups - they are super fresh and tasty, especially the carrot and coriander.
Other choices on the lunch menu include baked potato's, salads, deli items and hot food.
Breakfasts are available in the morning which include a fully cooked breakfast, continental breakfast, pastries and breakfast smoothies.
The prices in Always Sunday are really reasonable, with most breakfast dishes coting about £6 and lunch meals costing in the range of £4-7.
There is a decent sized seating area at the front of the cafe and so it is a great place to go for food on a warm day and watch all the action from the Royal Mile.

I popped in to this cute little cafe off of the touristy Royal Mile for an afternoon tea.
They had a lovely selection of teas, cakes, and sweets here.
There was also a full menu for breakfast and lunch.
I enjoyed a delicious pot of liquorice tea, which I was totally about since most cafes don't carry it.
This place is prime real estate for people watching.
If you get a seat out front by the windows you could stare off people watching while sipping on tea for hours...
The staff here was really helpful and friendly.
My mum and I asked where we could find good, live, Scottish music in the city and they gave us a bunch of recommendations and plotted everything out on a map for us.
Everyone who worked there was so very genuine and helpful.
Next time I visit Edinburgh, I'll be sure to return!

I feel it's not very fair of me to write a review of a cafe if I didn't have a cake, or a big toasted sandwich, in it.
But writing a review I am, as I walked past here today and it reminded me to do so.
An update may follow once I'm back to my cake-eating ways...
Situated slap-bang in the middle of the Royal Mile, it has quite a quirky and unique feel to it despite probably catching almost all the tourist and Festival trade.
The name itself is just adorable, and for some reason despite that Scottish Sunday's are grey and driech 80% of the year, it conjures up images of sunny, lazy summer afternoon's, and afternoon tea.
Delightful.
The tea and orange juice I had here was nice, the orange juice was freshly squeezed which is a plus.
But despite the cutsey name and original feel, the serving area is a little generic and perhaps victim of its own popularity.
It doesn't have that cosy, café feel that Edinburgh can do so well.
I wouldn't hestitate to pop in here for a tea and scone one day, so don't be put off by its central location.
And do let me know if the cakes are worth splurging on...

This is a great place to stop in for a great breakfast and a fresh glass of OJ.
I had a proper Scottish Breakfast with a coffee.
Very clean, nice staff and great location.
Well worth a try if you are in the area.

