Cafe Rouge, especially come the weekend, is always bustling with diners.
There's plenty of reasons to justify this observation: the classical French food is exceptional and the service is rapid.
I've repeatedly opted for their onion soup alongside the Gruyére cheese and caramelised onion Fougasse (a light, soft French bread).
Such simple French dishes are consistently produced to a gob smackingly tasty standard each and every time I've dined here.
I admire restaurants that don't overlook the classics and avoid serving the more complicated dishes.
Plus the prices are affordable and as a place to eat lunch it's superb.

It speaks volumes for a place by how busy it is, and Cafe Rouge is always very busy.
You have to book - there's no question about that.
But it's a brilliant place.
Their food is delicious, I especially love their steak sandwiches (they do a male and female version) and their smoked salmon salad.
The only thing I would say is their coke is served in TINY glasses, I had to ask for 3 top-ups.
The table comes with a jug of water though, so it's not a big problem.
The service is brilliant too - when my cousin still hadn't arrived they took away his pre-ordered steak and chips and kept it on heat for him, providing fresh chips.
It's the little touches eh!

This very traditionally French looking establishment has been a sturdy feature on the Edinburgh cafe/restaurant scene for a good while now.
I've been here a number of times over my Edinburgh residing years, and it's always been pretty consistently good, and I really have nothing to complain about as far as the food goes.
Cafe Rouge seems to have had the same faithful, tried and tested menu favourites for a while, and it delivers them well.
I can personally recommend the classic Caesar salad, rib-eye steak baguette, and any of the steaks on the grill menu, as traditional French fare is what this place does best.
Larger than the norm outside seating area for sunny day basking too, nice for a breakfast coffee plus pastry, and the inside is pretty spacious too, so you'll never be too pushed to get a table.
I don't think Cafe Rouge is the trendiest, most exciting place you could attend in Edinburgh, but it's definitely reliably decent and very conveniently located.

Not as nice as expected.
Quick service though.
A strong smell of fresh paint and no ice just warm drinks!
The peppercorn sauce was actually disgusting and ordered at an extra cost of £2.
The so called Bavette was not the Bavette one might order in France.
In fact having spent eighteen years of my life in France eating out in real French restaurants I can but underline the difference.
The fries were delicious though!
On the other-hand my partners half a chicken was quite a success.
So mixed feeling about thus place after this first visit.
I think it deserves a second chance so maybe next time...

I was here on a Saturday evening around 8 o'clock.
Perhaps not the best time to review a cafe/brasserie, however, it wasn't busy so there really wasn't any excuse to my mind as to the poor quality of the food.
I had the cod filet, which as it turns out, wasn't a filet at all.
My partner-in-crime had the lamb which I think was sufficiently satisfying.
He didn't comment on the quality, so I'm guessing that it wasn't exceptional.
My dish however was absolutely horrendous.
To start the fish was floating in a layer of olive oil, something that I just don't find appealing.
If the oil comes halfway up the fish, I'm not a happy camper.
Then, the filet was not a filet.
It was a full fish, with massive amounts of bones.
I didn't expect bones, and they were everywhere.
In the first bite, and I take small bites, I had three bones big enough that I had to remove them.
To give some credit where credit is due, since I didn't eat the fish, just the grilled-to-mush vegetables that it came with (also schlumping around in oil) we didn't have to pay for the fish.
But the waitress made such a big deal out of it that it was incredibly awkward.
All-in-all?
Poor service, poor food, and screaming babies on a Saturday.
Lovely, enjoy.

A gorgeous cafe on a busy street in New Town.
A small patio outside to enjoy the weather, and cute cafe tables on the inside.
We had no wait even over the Xmas/New years holiday at prime lunch hour.
Excellent service, very tasty lunch fare, and reasonable prices.
I would definitely return here, and would try dinner or an afternoon tea as well.

Still not the most wonderful experience, but hey - it's a chain store.

Considering this is part of a massive chain I was very pleasantly surprised when eating dinner here at the start of this week.
The chicken liver terrine came with an ample amount of bread, the beef bourginon was very tasty and filling (as well as cooked so that the meat practically melted at the touch of the fork) and the tarte au citron was a fitting dessert seeing as I was too full to risk failing to finish the cheese board.
The service from our waitress Ruth & the rest of the staff was attentive & never intrusive so all in a very enjoyable experience.

Great spot when it's warm out.
Yes it's a chain, but in this prime position you'll struggle to find a table when that yellow thing in the sky rears its pretty little head!
A quick spot of lunch and I must say, they've really stepped up the food quality from the last time I visited.
I grabbed a steak baguette and chips which at around £10 is slightly pricey, but the quality was really good.
Do check if there's a discount voucher around as they seem to always have a promotion or two flying about.
I asked for medium rare and was pleasantly surprised to receive medium rare.
Great!
Soft and juice made for a really nice sandwich.
The dijon mayo was spicy enough to tingle but not so much to blow your nose off, which is always a worry.
All in all, a very pleasant lunch experience.
I'd go again!

