Cafe Marina keep everything simple, from the subtle exterior to the fairly basic menu within.
But the staff are quietly confident because they know their food is slammin'!
Keeping it fresh and zesty, this place is mumbo Italiano to the core.
With the selection of panini fillings to the delicious asparagus pasta options, carbs were never this good for you.
Although they apparently change their specials on a daily basis, you can always be sure that the food is cooked to a high standard, with every meal neatly proportioned and well diced.
That's why high flying businessmen can usually be seen tucking into a pasta dish while a dreamy, whimiscal writer whiles away some time sipping on a latte by the window.
The interior is modest but tasteful, with brown leather booths lining the small space.
But whether you manage to steal a table or are just stopping by for a takeaway, you will enjoy every minute of it.
The baby mozzarella is delicious and the food leaves you feeling healthily full rather than bagging you up.
It's refreshing to visit a cafe where food isn't saturated in grease, and where you feel like you're doing your body a favour when going for a snack.
Homemade, homegrown Italian food at a high standard, I almost had to wrestle a Great Dane tied up outside when I walked out with my panini.
Maybe he had a taste for the traditional, too.

The only time I went to Cafe Marina was for a quick takeaway coffee.
They got the second part right.
I mean, it was coffee, but it wasn't quick.
I wouldn't say they're necessarily to blame for that, though.
I mean, it's not quite the kind of place that specialises in takeaway.
The one thing they don't seem to understand here (and this might be a one-off mistake) is the idea of a white coffee.
You see, they seem to think that a white coffee is exactly the same as a latte, but for people who aren't big fans of milk, that isn't quite what they're looking for.
The interior of the cafe is actually pretty funky.
They've done that thing where there's a whole wall that is a mirror, so you're under the very mistaken assumption that the cafe is bigger than it is, and that you've just spotted your doppelgänger... until you've had your required dosage of caffeine and come to understand how very wrong you were.
Kudos to this cafe for having and outdoor seating area, too!
I mean, it's a bit cramped, but as far as I'm concerned, outdoor seating areas are rare commodities in Edinburgh and you're generally quite lucky if you stumble upon one.

I stumbled across Cafe Marina on possibly the best day to do so!
I was walking down Cockburn Street, buzzing as much as the rest of central Edinburgh.
The weather was absolutely fantastic and every cafes' outdoor seating area was packed!
It is yet another Italian cafe and the menu is pretty tempting!
The main options are Italian/French rolls, or the ever popular panini with a dizzying number of options, it's ridiculous.
I've uploaded a picture of the menu from that first visit.

