This is a fairly inexpensive lodging option which is within walking distance of the Royal Mile and many other cool places in Edinburgh.
The room was clean and the sleeper sofa I slept on was adequate.

Lenny Henry, you lied to me!
I didn't have the best nights sleep I would ever have and I didn't have peace and quiet!
Saying that, it's a Travelodge.
It's not exactly the Ritz, but it's a good price and the quality for money is brilliant!
This particular Travelodge is good because of the location - it's far enough away from the city centre to be relatively quiet at night but is close enough to walk home from a night out.
I didn't have the best experience here I must admit, but it's because I stayed here during the festival and was woken every hour by people stumbling home.
It is really good though, and they always have really good deals on.
If you're coming to edinburgh on a relatively low budget - this is your place!

There are vast numbers of hotels, bed and breakfasts and rooms to stay in throughout Edinburgh.
Some are expensive, like the Balmoral - while others are cheap and cheerful, like this Travelodge.
I say cheap and cheerful, because really thats what it is - you pay for what you get, a roof over your head, a decent room and bed, a breakfast if you want it and some semi-friendly staff.
I'm not saying its the Hilton exactly, but you knew that when you booked it, didnt you?

We booked this for a Thursday- Sunday stay during the Fringe.
I was pretty annoyed at the price (over £300 for 3 nights - it's a Travelodge!!
) but I know that all the hotels in Edinburgh hike their prices up during the Fringe.
We decided to go with a Travelodge as you know pretty much what you'll get - decent, basic, cheap (usually!).
We were wrong.
We arrived a little early and as we were soaked (ah lovely Edinburgh) decided to pay the £10 early check-in fee.
I wish we hadn't bothered.
Our room was awful.
Firstly it was way smaller than any Travelodge room I've stayed in and it wasn't ideally placed - first floor, just above the car park and opposite the door everyone had to use to get into our corridor and the walls seemed paper thin.
I was a bit gutted but thought it couldn't be helped, then noticed that one of the little bedside tables was missing leaving three holes in the wall.
In the bathroom one of the bulbs was out making it really dark, the clothes hook on the back of the bathroom door was hanging off and there was only a shower.
The lack of bath wouldn't usually bother me as I prefer a shower but this one was horrible, tiny space, hardly raised off the floor and looked like water would go everywhere.
If we'd paid the price you'd usually pay in a Travelodge I may have kept quiet but on our way out I mentioned that the bulb was out and the hook hanging off.
The receptionist seemed really unimpressed that I'd mentioned anything and said she would have to move us as they don't have anyone on site to do repairs (to change a bulb?!!?).
She didn't seem at all surprised about the things I'd mentioned but didn't apologise and just made me feel like I was an inconvenience.
We were moved to a room on the fourth floor which was great - all the basics were there and it felt much bigger.
There was a different type of lighting in the bathroom and also a bath.
This room was much quieter and I was so glad that I'd spoken up.
I'm not really sure how there is such a difference between rooms when there's only one rate and also how the issues in the first room weren't picked up before booking it out.
We guessed that perhaps they just put people in there and hope they don't complain.
Who knows?
I'm not sure if I'd go back as I HATE complaining about things (I'm more of a whinger at the boyfriend kind of person) and would have felt more confident about going back if the receptionist had been a bit nicer about it.
Having said that the second room was fine and we had no problems at all for the rest of our stay.

You get what you pay for.
The beds were horrible and the bathroom not much better.
There is parking (a little expensive--you would think that they would allow guest to park for free..) The only good thing about it was that it was close to everything, and that it was somewhate affordable.

Stayed here for four nights from 28/12/13 to 1/1/14.
The hotel was in an excellent location just off the royal mile, less than a 10minute walk from Waverly station and surrounded by a number of cafes and restaurants, and also close to Princes Street which was great for our Hogmanay stay.
Staff were friendly and helpful.
The double room was spacious and had secondary glazing, plenty of plug sockets to charge cameras + phones and the bed was comfortable, if slightly firm.
Curtains blocked out light well but slid off the rail easily.
The shower was a slight issue; the floor of it was so shallow that the whole bathroom floor ended up soaking more than once.
Once past the reception area, the hotel was very warm, a little too warm for me but I don't like my room too hot.
Walls seemed pretty soundproof but noise in corridor travelled into the room easily.
The staff allowed us to leave our bags at the front desk after we checked out at no extra charge, which was a great advantage as our train was not due to leave for another two hours.
Would definitely stay here again as the location is excellent and hotel is comfortable.

