Luxury accommodation in Edinburgh city centre.
Beautiful rooms, wonderful honesty bar, exceptional service.
This was an amazing start to my honeymoon, they went the extra mile to make our stay extra special and very romantic.
Thoroughly recommend a visit.

The glasshouse is a fairly nice, centrally located hotel in Edinburgh.
Overall, I'd say the glasshouse is definitely decent, however perhaps not entirely worthy of the five star status they claim on their website.
The outside of the hotel is stunning as it is a mixture of old (I believe the original facade belonged to a church) and new (the glass part, hence glasshouse).
The inside is nice as well, although I personally felt that some of the finishings in the hotel looked cheap.
The rooms themselves were very nice, especially the bathrooms.
The service at the hotel was ok. Everyone was very friendly, however when I asked for extra bedding most of it arrived soaking wet (it was left in our room when we were out) so I'm not sure what that was about.
The hotel is also attached to a complex with restaurants, bars and a club.
The noise didn't bother me, but one of the guys I was staying with said he could hear the music from the club and it kept him up.
The hotel has a roof top garden, which is a very nice touch.
There is also an honesty bar (there is no bartender, you just take what you want and leave your name and room number) as well as a lounge with food available.
We had a few appetizers (calamari, mushrooms and chorizo) which in my opinion weren't that great.
Overall, having limited experience with European hotels I am not sure what rating to give.
I think I would recommend the glasshouse if you can get a decent rate, but it seems like there might be nicer hotels (if you are willing to pay more) or better deals in Edinburgh.

Good location.
Service was so-so.
I think they think they can get away with slow service because most people who stay there are tourists.
The building itself is cool and the room was decent.
A bit pricey for what it was.

I am massively surprised that The Glasshouse has only been given 3 stars by previous reviewers.
It could be that it depends on the context of your visit to the hotel as it looks like the previous reviewers were tourists visiting Edinburgh.
I'm from Glasgow and my stay at this hotel was for an ex boyfriends birthday and thus it was more of a dirty weekend kind of thing.
Well it was supposed to be but we ended up mortally drunk and I feel asleep in the bath and he got his foot stuck in the mini bar, but I digress.
The only bad thing about this hotel was the lack of parking facilities and the service wasn't particularly great but then we didn't really require much servicing so it wasn't an issue, so on to the good stuff....
The outside of this hotel is stunning as it is an old church which has been converted into a glasshouse at the upper half.
The roof top garden with wonderful views over Edinburgh is delightful even (or perhaps especially) on a rainy day.
As you would expect from a 5 star hotel you get all those little luxuries which make your stay special such as uber fluffy bathrobes and slippers, fancy Highland Aromatics toiletries, massive beds with Egyptian cotton sheets, duck down duvets, mineral water on turn down, huge flat screen TVs with satellite TV channels and a CD player with a library of music to choose from.
There are several different types of rooms you can stay in.
The cheapest being a Deluxe Room and the most expensive being a Deluxe Suite.
The extras included in the Deluxe Suite are a decanter of whiskey, a separate leather sitting area, Bulgari rather than Highland Aromatics toiletries and a private sauna and Jacuzzi.
From the photos on the website all the rooms and suites looked gorgeous with floor to ceiling windows and a great blend of modern and traditional so my ex and I went middle of the road and booked a Studio Suite.
We booked a package through an offer on the website which got us our Studio Suite with champagne on arrival (this is where it all started to go wrong), a 3 course meal at the Forth Floor restaurant in Harvey Nichols followed by a midnight feast in our room of strawberries and cream and MORE champagne and an a la carte breakfast in the morning.
This was desperately needed with our great big stonking hangovers!
I had pancakes with bacon and maple syrup and it was the highlight of my stay at the Glasshouse!
Although there are definitely nicer 5 star hotels in Scotland I wouldn't say that the Glasshouse doesn't deserve its five stars.
Certainly if you book one of the packages through the website and make an experience out of it then I would be surprised if you are disappointed.
You just have to look at the number of awards this hotel has one to see that it is definitely a little bit special!

There's no denying that this is an absolutely gorgeous building.
Somehow, the modern additions of the huge glass windows on the top level (which, I presume, give it its name) don't take anything away from the charm and character of the old church building that forms the original shell of the building.
My parents got a really good deal for a weekend stay here, when they came up to visit me once whilst I was at uni.
They've never been fans of chain hotels, but wanted something that they knew was going to be good quality, and as annoying as it is they still rave about this place now.
As you'd expect from a five star hotel, the service is impeccable from the moment you walk in the door until the minute you check out and the doorman opens the door of your cab for you.
The décor was beautiful too, it was extremely tastefully done and done to a very high standard, although not in an ostentatious, in-your-face sort of way like a lot of other luxury city centre boutique hotels.
In fact, the only thing I could criticise was the location.
As well as being one of its best points, as it's so close to the city centre, it also means that you get all the boozehounds stumbling out of CC Blooms and Habana waking you up at 3am.
Glasshouse, if you're reading this, get some triple glazing installed.
Then you'd be perfect.

It's a hotel desperately trying to be cool, sophisticated and stylish but loses a star because over the last few years the building is looking a bit worn, probably due to its owner going bankrupt in 2010.
We've stayed in the suites at the front over the last 4 years during the fringe - highlights are the huge rooms with floor to ceiling windows and, "is that really porn in the hotel artwork?
" and the snug bar around a fireplace upstairs...

Very, very underwhelming after reading a lot of positive reviews.
We did get a great priced room compared to the rack rate and I feel they might have reflected that in the choice of room they give.
Arriving at the hotel, check-in and service was excellent but we were a little dismayed to find that they'd put us in a disabled room, with low sinks/toilet and no bath, so upon complaint they must have moved us to the poorest room in the hotel, the one that leads directly onto their lounge/honour bar area which felt a little strange coming and going.
The room isn't a 5 star room.
Furniture is dated.
Bathroom fixtures average (impossible to close the shower cubicle door from the inside), tiny flatscreen on the wall with the wiring all hanging loose underneath.
The design of the room is also bad, with the head of the bed facing the windows, so you face a box of three walls when you sleep (and the loose wiring).
The wardrobe and storage is so tiny that our weekend clothes could barely fit.
All in all, the room is dated and looks more 3 than 5 star.
Both nights up until about 12:30 had a intermittent loud rumbling noice (loud enough to shake the glasses on the table) which is unexplained despite asking two members of staff.
We selected that we wanted still water and not sparkling at turndown when we checked in and the first night I had to ask for it, and the second it just was never delivered.
It's nice to see that some people were given complimentary whiskies and pies ... we got an apple.
On the second night upon returning at 11pm to the hotel I asked for some firm pillows to be delivered to the room and was met by a look of almost derision.
Amazing that a 3-star Holiday Inn can put a selection of pillows in the room but a request at a 5-star seems so complicated.
After 30 mins, I called again and asked where they were and was told they only had one person working and he was doing room service but he knew about it.
30 mins later (one hr after the request and at midnight) the knock came on the door with new pillows.
Unbelievably bad service.
I'd wrongly assumed that check out was 12 (it's 11) and went for a walk - when I returned my wife informed me that front desk had been on the phone to see when we were checking out and allowed us an extra 30 mins but after that time we'd start to get charged an hourly rate !?!.
The one poor soul working alone on the reception desk at the busiest time 11-12 couldn't explain why there was no other staff, although a queue to check out, check in and leave bags.
With all the talk of people getting upgrades, I think we must have been downgraded for booking through a website and not direct, as I can't believe this hotel would rate so highly for so many.
With the wealth of hotels in Edinburgh which we visit every 2-3 months, this one is at the bottom of the list for a re-visit.
Not recommended.

I've had the pleasure to be for 6 nights in the Glasshouse hotel.
To be honest the pleasure mentioned before was ironic.
The very basics you would expect from a hotel worked.
It was clean the staff was friendly and the turn down service was available, more or less, somedays you need to call them, depends on the staff.
As mentioned before the is a unidentified noise disturbing you nearly all day long, coming from somewhere in the building.
Service is also done only once a day.
So if you come back for a afternoon nap in the room your room is either not done, or if it's done it will not be done again when you come back from diner afterwards.
Somedays staff missed to bring us towels or soap.
Also the still water in the bottle is just tap water.
In some countries on the world this might be ok, but not in UK.
Also the parking situation was as mentioned before, not the best.
Well there is no parking at all except in the garage of the neighbouring shopping mall but for that you have to pay about 30£ extra per day.
All in all the Hotel is ok but you Cañons expect 5 star service and for what you get it is quite expensive.

Very clean and well maintained hotel.
Great location for being close to it all.
I would suggest sitting outside as much as possible.
Its very relaxing after a long day of walking and trying whisky at the local pubs!
Additionally, I appreciate the ability to not see any staff members unless you want to.
The beds are comfortable and the bathroom is stocked with all things you might need: shampoo, conditioner, body wash, lotion, cotton rounds, hair dryer and robes!
Free wi-fi

For the amount of money we paid for our suite (BIG BUCKS) , I have to say, I found the housekeeping, service, and overall condition of the hotel to be not on par with an establishment of this supposed caliber.
First off, the hotel is gorgeous (although somewhat showing it's age).
The suites are really spacious and well designed, with a modern flair and exceptionally comfy beds and roomy balconies.
Everyone at the hotel was incredibly friendly and tried their best to be helpful and engaged.
Now for the bad:   1) our shower flooded upon first use.
This should have been sussed out by the housekeeper who (theoretically) cleaned it out after the last guest.
This wasn't just a slow drain, but a major clog that immediately flooded the entire bathroom.
Additionally, both sinks were running very slow, one so slow it might as well have been completely clogged.
2) There was a lovely, very welcoming little tray with scotch and a glass and water pitcher to enjoy a complimentary evening nip before bed.
Sadly, there was a dirty glass (still with a wee bit of scotch in it) and a half-used water pitcher.
Gross.
I don't expect to find remnants of the previous guest in my room.
3) We were hot.
I mean, HOT.
The room air conditioner did not work.
It was unusually warm outside for this time of year and our room was always warm.
The thermostat simply didn't work.
Instead, we relied on two fans which only worked part of the time.
4) We frequently came back to the room with a few dirty towels.
They changed some, but not all.
There was also hair in the bathtub so it was clearly not rinsed during normal daily housekeeping.
Again, quite odd for a hotel of this caliber.
5) The check-in process was slow.
There were only two employees in the lobby.
The phone rang and rang and rang (with no one to pick up) while we were being checked in and that was beyond annoying and appeared oddly unprofessional.
Not sure why they don't have a hotel operator.
6) I asked one of the hotel clerks (concierge) to suggest a nail salon.
She was quite helpful and made and appointment for me.
I followed her detailed instructions to get to the salon at the appointed time and it was not at the location she said it was.
I reiterated the directions several times prior to heading out to my appointment: "just across the street and a short 5 minute walk.
" Well, a full mile down the road, down one side and up the other and not a nail salon in sight.
Very disappointing, as I was looking forward to my appointment very much.
Oh well, not a big deal, but more of an annoyance and I would have appreciated more attention to detail as far as helping me to get to my appointment.
7) rooms are left dusty and the only evidence that it's been cleaned is a few clean towels and the bed is turned down.
This is a large space and there is no straightening done whatsoever.
Ironing board was not put back into the closet...etc.
It's the small details that separate your average hotel with the upper echelon.
Again, for what we paid (nearly a thousand US dollars a night), there was appallingly little attention paid to details like this.
I expect better fro the price of our room...  Positives:  *Love the honor bar in the 3rd floor lobby (which happened to be right outside our door!).
Great selection and a lovely gathering area with a fire bowl to enjoy while sipping your favorite adult beverage.
* Rooms are gorgeous.
I mean, GORGEOUS.
Very modern and spacious.
There is a large, high def TV that sits in the center of a wood-slatted room divider.
It swivels a full 180 degrees, so can be seen in the living room portion of the room (which also has a nice, leather sectional couch) or the big king sized bed.
* Beds are fantastic.
Very comfortable with very high quality linens.
Super comfy and I slept like a baby!
* Location is fantastic.
If you are visiting Edinburgh for the festival (which we were), it's centrally located and an easy walking distance to all of the really cool entertainment venues like the Miracle Mile.
Shopping is close as well, but I recommend you get out and visit some of the off the path streets and neighborhoods to get a more authentic flavor of the city and it's citizens.
* Breakfast buffet is nice and just 13 pounds pp which is a good value for what you get.
For an additional 5 pounds, you can add a cooked to order breakfast (like eggs Benedict).
But the fresh salmon, fruit, meat and cheese platters,  uber buttery croissants (I mean, best I have ever had) and strong Scottish coffee are more than enough for most.
Nice buffet in a beautiful room with a view, Scottish newspapers and good service.
A perfect way to start your day!
* Gourmet chocolates.
Wow, delivered to your door every single evening.
A cornucopia of very fancy chocolates in a very fancy box, delivered nightly.
These make great presents for your friends and family who were not as lucky as you to be in this fine city and mostly lovely hotel.
Nice touch!

Absolutely lovely hotel.
Very attentive staff, exceptionally helpful but not intrusive.
Our room was terrific -- much larger than we expected in a city hotel, plenty of space for two adults and a teenager.
The bar is casual and relaxing, breakfast was so good (best coffee and croissant so far in the UK!
), and central location without being noisy at all.
Free, fast WiFi, lovely televisions and bath amenities.
The rooftop garden is spectacular, offering unparalleled views of the city and environs.
Would definitely stay again on returning to Edinburgh.

Great service.
Free shoe shine, excellent location heated floor in bathroom, everything you need is here.

