I really love Dance Base, its one of my all time favourite Edinburgh businesses.
Its a fantastic building, just below the castle.
The facilities are great with various studios in different sizes and with different flooring.
The changing facilities are adequate and the whole place just has a good feeling to it.
The range of program's offered is amazing.
There is dance classes in every genre imaginable catered towards any level.
You can book a whole term of classes in your chosen dance form or you can attend drop in classes.
I tend to stick to drop in classes because I have an annoying habit of sleeping in and missing scheduled classes.
So its best for me not to pay up front for something I might end up missing.
But I think its great there is the option to book a term of classes if you want to be more committed.
They offer classes in everything from ballet to burlesque as well as classes aimed towards those with learning disabilities or the elderly.
You can do cheer-leading, highland dancing, even aerial skills!
And the teachers are all really great at what they do.
Visiting dance companies and choreographers often do workshops which are usually advertised on the website.
There was a workshop recently teaching the choreography from Beyonce's Single Ladies video.
Who doesn't want to learn that dance?!
I think its fantastic that Dance Base make dance accessible in so many forms to everyone, no matter what age or ability.

This place is beautiful, and the staff was super friendly with me (a confused American)!
It deserves a 5 for the fact that it is an amazing facility, very clean, and one of the the only places I have danced that has decent locker rooms, changing facilities, etc.
I am doing the second level belly dance here, and my first class was a lot of fun, the teacher was good, and she ran the class really well.
I do think that this place is too focused on western forms of dance, such as modern, contemporary dance in comparison with places I have dances before which have been more spread across the board.
For me, ideally it should have more advanced levels in belly dance, and African, Latin dances, etc.
However, I suspect that might be how the demand is for dance in this city, I am not sure yet!

Just call me J-Lo.
After my first class here - hip hop for beginners - I left feeling happy, upbeat and with a spring in my step.
Or should that be springing with a beat in my step?
I've had a life long love affair with dancing.
Ballet for 10 years growing up, I've samba'd for 4 years, danced in parades, tried belly dancing, salsa, lots of latin american and african tribal dance.
I love it all.
When I moved to Edinburgh I was keen to seek out similar classes (along the lines of samba, african etc.
) Dance Base is *the* dance house in Edinburgh.
With its own very big dedicated building, a really extensive programme of classes 7 days a week, it seemed like the one for me.
The only reason I've not given Dance Base 5 stars is that it lacked exactly what I was looking for.
A Latin Fusion solo dance class (rather than partner dancing like salsa or tango).
It has a lot of ballet, contemporary, swing, tango, salsa, pilates, yoga, belly dancing.
In fact, practically everything else except the one style I was hoping for.
Perhaps it's just as a city Edinburgh isn't into the latin-reggae scene as much.
Alas.
So I pipped for hip-hop instead.
(I *really* shouldn't have used the word 'pipped' in the same sentence as 'hip-hop' should I?
) I'm not exactly 'street', and whilst I love to shake my hips have really stiff shoulders.
So, despite lots of dance experience, was a wee bit nervous to try a new style.
First off, the building and halls.
Beautiful big studio with full mirrors, barrs on both sides of the room, gorgeous views and big windows.
Light, airy, well ventiated (read, not stuffy and smelly / sticky!
) Friendly staff on reception.
Lots of changing rooms and locker space.
For facilities, it's 5 / 5.
The dance teacher for Hip Hop Drop-in was totally rockin.
Lots of attitude but totally approachable.
She got the balance of laughing *with* us rather than *at* us just right.
She was groovin' away at the intro to the song before the routine started and you could see that girl has got mooooooves.
The routine she taught us was fast, quite complex, and by the end did have me sweating a bit (although I would have preferred more of an intense work out).
I was popping, locking, and nodding my head to the word "playa".
Fo reezy.
I can't wait to try a few more classes.
I love the fact they have a lot of drop-in classes (you just pay as you go, usually all around £6.50) and from there I'll maybe choose a course to sign up to over summer.
Really fantastic facilities, a great range of classes, great teachers, central location.
Now if they could just bring in some reggaeton or samba it'd be up to a very solid 5 stars.
Jenny from the block, out.

This is just a wee update to my last review, as previously whilst giving it 5 stars, I had also noted they didn't have as many latin american or african-inspired dance styles, focusing mainly on contemporary, ballet, pole, with only salsa and tango.
Since then I attended the Afro-Cuban dance class and all I can say is yey!
The facilities are as they always were - still excellent.
I feel so lucky to have such a fantastic school right in the heart of the Old Town.
It really is quite big, with so many different studios, all very well equipped, light, good flooring, barrs and mirrors.
The range of classes is fantastic.
They also recently did a summer performance with lots of different dance classes performing.
I wish I'd heard about the Dirty Dancing one before it happened but alas, maybe next year!
I feel really lucky to have Dance Base in Edinburgh, and in such a great location too.

I've been taking beginners Cuban Salsa here since the beginning of September and, while not bad at all, I'm not very impressed.
Let me get one thing clear though, that probably has more to do with the fact that I'm a rather experienced salsa-dancer and signed up with a friend who *is* a beginner, than it does with the classes themselves.
For me personally, the classes are too slow, and too repetitive, we usually learn one new move a class, and in an hour-long class, that is simply too little new information to keep me interested.
I'm used to having to pick up new choreography quite quickly, and this is just the same steps over-and-over again for an hour.
Having said that, both of my friends who are beginners, really seem to enjoy the class and are having fun.
By the looks of the rest of the class, they really like it too.
So, Dance Base itself is actually a very solid school, and I'll be taking more classes here next term.
Just do make sure that you shop around the first few weeks of term to see which level you need to join in on, as a beginners class when you're at the very least intermediate (I've done various styles of dance from the ripe-old age of 5 onwards) is not a good idea.
It'll just get you frustrated.
BUT I'm pretty sure that once you level-up on the classes, it'll be a very solid school.
More on this after December, as from January onward, I'll be taking two classes a term here!

