If you find yourself wandering down Princes Street looking for something to eat PLEASE take my advice- walk past TGI Friday's, McDonalds etc, past the overpriced George Street restaurant's and bars and down to Urban Angel on Hanover Street.
The food here beats everything nearby- fresh, locally sourced, original recipes and all homemade.
In addition to the substantial brunch, tapas and dinner menu's there are always a great range of specials.
Pasta of the day, risotto of the day, fish of the day- delicious!
I've been here at every time of day and I've always been impressed.
Burgers are enormous and come with great chunky chips.
The scrambled eggs have obviously been made slowly with loads of butter and cream but my favourite is the tapas selection.
Halloumi bites, pork belly with fennel and chargrilled artichokes- yum!
Not only is the food here great but the venue itself is beautiful.
Exposed stone walls, wooden beams and an odd fire place have a very country cottage feel.
Urban Angel is a lovely restaurant and well recommended!

This cafe gleams like a beacon of light along a stretch of road overrun by American chains and overpriced entrees.
Walk down the few steps into Urban Angel and you feel immediately like you've come home.
No really, it feels like a home.
Comfortable, relaxed, and not fussy in the least.
I half expected to see crayoned drawings peppering the bottom two feet of the walls.
My favorite three things:  1) Its whole look: from the promo postcards to the menus, the strategically wallpapered walls to the worn wood floors, this cafe makes you feel like you're hanging with the cool crowd with none of the worry that you might be wearing the wrong shoes.
It's inclusive, but has just a bit of an edge on its customers (like an older sibling).
2)  I came here for breakfast two days in a row on a three day trip.
'Nuf said.
3)  Everyone who works here seems like they lead interesting, exotic lives that they'd regale you with stories of if they weren't so busy running around to serve their ever-increasing number of customers.

I'm so annoyed that I've only found this place with a few days to go in my month-long Edinburgh stay.
Food is top-notch.
Drink choice is fantastic.
Desserts delicious.
And, to top it all off, there's free (reliable!
) wifi.
I've now spent half a day working from there, having found a power-point.
I'd be doing the same again if I wasn't leaving the country so soon.
The staff are friendly and cheerful, the vibe is relaxed, from what I've picked up of the ethos, it seems like an intelligently and ethically run business.
If you're planning on getting dinner there, I highly recommend the spicy lamb meatballs.
You may want to book in advance, though - there was a steady stream of disappointed almost-customers one of the evenings I was there, with all the tables booked out before dinner hours really started.

The best mocha I've had in Edinburgh.
Nuff said :)  Really nice staff and a really pleasant atmosphere - perfect for a coffee house.
Don't be put off by the apparent small size - the real seating is through the door on the right!

Urban Angel has been a brilliant addition to the high quality cafe scene in Edinburgh, popping up a few years ago and gaining super quick popularity.
There are two branches of Urban Angel, one on Forth Street, and one here, on Hanover Street.
In all honesty, I'm more of a fan, eating and drinking environment wise, of the Urban Angel on Forth Street, just because it feels more spacious and I like a good high ceiling, whereas on Hanover Street, the cafe is at basement level.
It's still nicely done inside though, with a simple and very clean looking, contemporary feel to it.
If you're right in the centre of town, this is a really handy option for a quick bite and a coffee, as the Forth Street cafe, although not far, is that bit further along at the east end.
Anyway, on to the food, which I am a definite fan of at all times.
The menu is pretty extensive and really well put together, and you can choose from an awesome brunch and breakfast menu, if that's the time of day you're in there, or from a selection of lighter tapas options, and tasty soup, sandwiches, a brilliant Cullen Skink and an equally as taste bud pleasing burger option.
If you've got room for cake, definitely sample some of the home made treats on offer here.

I've nipped in here one or two times during the lunch hour.
So far, the cappucino, soup, and smoked salmon sarnie I've tasted have all been from the top drawer, but the place is just a bit too overpriced and unloveable to do it for me.
And I find the name really, really annoying.
"Urban Angel" is the kind of name a frumpy, 30-something, Fiat Punto driving woman would pick as it's "soo Manhattan".
It's not, it's just wanky and irritating, and another indictment of the deluded nature of the city's New Town.

The Mocha's are good  The sandwiches are tasty  The staff are friendly  The price is ridiculous

I popped into Urban Angel for a quick lunch bite last week and I can't decide if I'm a fan or not.
The guy who served me was really pleasant so it's nothing against the staff who are all nice and friendly, I just feel the whole place doesn't seem to fit together as well as it should.
I automatically wanted to dislike this place from the ridiculously naff name but I decided to venture in.
It took me a while to decide what I wanted from the menu, they have an excellent selection of brunch bites and I decided to go for the greek yoghurt with a seasonal fruit compote.
I'm not sure what I was expecting, perhaps some greek yoghurt with a side of fruit compote that I could mix or just eat on it's own.
I have to say, I was a little disappointed when it arrived.
It was just a bowl of yoghurt with a small amount of fruit stuck in the middle, not exactly the best way to spend £4.50.
It was okay, but nothing special, and definitely  not worth £4.50.
I sat outside and the weather was lovely and the seats were pretty comfy, I enjoyed sipping on my sparkling water and watching the world go by.
I was tempted by the delicious looking cakes but decided not to, maybe next time though.
For me, Urban Angel would be a regular haunt if the menu has a better savoury selection and the prices were a little bit cheaper or perhaps the portions a little bit bigger or better presented.
All in all, it's an okay place to grab a bite to eat.

I wanted to like this place more but I think I may have just expected too much.
The food is quite good, but unfortunately not prepared that well.
The ambience is cute but the service isn't great.
-Chicken BLT - the chicken and bacon were delicious but the flat bread was completely burnt so all I could taste was char.
Side salads were yummy though.
I like that they use seasonal and fresh ingredients, but the way it's presented isn't the best.
The breakfast items people ordered around me looked tasty though!

I wanted to like this place more but I think I may have just expected too much.
The food is quite good, but unfortunately not prepared that well.
The ambience is cute but the service isn't great.
-Chicken BLT - the chicken and bacon were delicious but the flat bread was completely burnt so all I could taste was char.
Side salads were yummy though.
I like that they use seasonal and fresh ingredients, but the way it's presented isn't the best.
The breakfast items people ordered around me looked tasty though!

Two words - Vegetarian Haggis.
When I was in Scotland, I knew I had to try haggis, but I didn't particularly want "sheep's pluck" (to put it politely) in my stomach.
But, when I saw that they had vegetarian haggis, I knew I had to have it - and it was absolutely delicious.
The desserts looked delicious, but I honestly couldn't eat anymore - I had decided to have the vegetarian haggis and one of the seasonal soups (it had been raining and I was soaked and freezing).
Plus, the whole place was great.
It was a cute cafe, perfect for three friends to sit and have a great catch up and reminisce about high school.
But not only was the cafe cute - the plating was also beautiful.
Highly recommend everybody to eat here - especially vegetarians who want to try haggis.
You're in Scotland - eat as the Scottish do!

Great food.
Smoked venison sandwich is amazing.
Long wait for lunch and the host acted though as we were putting him out by telling him we'd wait for a table.
That was the only con.
The local Scottish sodas are really good too.

Great location.
This unassuming front of the house cafe leads to a dine-in section (make that two) in the back.
Lovely find during our weekend getaway from London.
Friendly and helpful staff fueled us for our day at the Edinburgh Castle.
The Chai (with honey) was yummy, the benedict (with smoked haddock) just the right amount and the oatmeal - made to order and to your preference.
It was just a tad too early for the arbroath smokie but if i'd a second visit would've definitely tried the dish.

Nice place, and nice sweet pastries, coffee, tea and scones.
More trendy/updated than classic.
Been here twice, but i rather prefer Peters Yard

When I want an excellent breakfast, with the freshest ingredients cooked to the best standard, I come to Urban Angel.
It is pricey, more than I'd normally pay for a breakfast.
And in fact, it's almost so expensive that I deducted a star.
But then I thought, well, it is guaranteed excellent, fresh food every time.
It's worth it.
They do breakfast here every day, with a range of hot options and additional sides.
Eggs benny, royale etc., or poached eggs on toast, scrambled egg, an Arbroath Smokie with poached egg, and sides like portabello mushroom, spinach, grilled tomatoes, veggie haggis, regular haggis, bacon, potato scones.
There's also smoothies, juice, porridge, yoghurt, granola, and even just toast and jam.
They also have other things on the daytime menu like greek sharing boards, burgers, pasta.
It's a really unusual but nice range of breakfast, lunch and dinner.
As I said, the quality and freshness of the food is what defines it.
The food is just outstanding.
The egg yolks are bright orange.
The orange juice is freshly squeezed and has that tartness that is goooood.
I love the café too.
There's a few different rooms and the decor of wood, slate and some old-fashioned elements of the building like an old sink and wood-burning stove that show it was once maybe an old-fashioned kitchen.
I can't really put into words how or what Urban Angel is like, but if you are a visitor to the city needing breakfast, or healthy food - or if you're a local who needs a new brunch option for the weekend, or a nice bistro for an evening burger and wine - Urban Angel can do both those things, and it does it very, very well.

the whole style of this place is right up my street.
Dark wood, muted colours and exposed stone floors (!!
) is pretty much everything i've ever loved about interior design.
but i digress.
went in on a sunny Easter Monday for a small bite and coffee.
Always thought it was tiny, but now realise it is deceptively large!
Though their cakes and breakfast menu looked good, i went for a kale and artichoke bruschetta.
Super tasty, although the bread could have been a wee bit crisper.
Most exciting for me was the piccolo, which i hadn't seen on a menu for a while.
yum yum yum!
short, sweet shot of tasty coffee.
i could have one daily.
Knocked a star off for the slightly obscene pricing... especially the sandwiches.
ouch.

I've been to Urban Angel on Hanover Street a couple of times now - both times for coffee and cake - and, although I really want to love it, I can't quite commit just yet!
The décor is right up my street (I love the old black and white photos of Edinburgh on the walls!
) and the staff are really friendly...
The only things holding me back from really liking this place (and they seem a bit silly!
) are that the loos are always freezing cold and my brownie came with squirty whipped cream and berry coulis.
The second might seem the most fussy but if they'd given me that brownie on a plate with nothing on the side I would have been very happy.
Why ruin it with cheap cream and unnecessary coulis?
Apart from that, I liked this place and I would go back but perhaps in summer and for a meal/breakfast!

How do you liiiiike your eggs in the morning?
I like mine with a kiss!
Or failing that: Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon.
I have always loved salmon, yet I'd never tried it until recently!
What a REVELATION.
I can't believe I haven't tried this already, so much time wasted!
We were in Edinburgh for an overnight stay and headed out for some breakfast.
We stumbled upon Urban Angel and decided to give the organic, locally sourced and fresh menu a shot!
From the outside it looks tiny, but when you go inside its like a rabbit warren with separate compartments.
We sat in the back room which was cute - exposed walls, log fire and fir tree and fairy light decorations.
The staff were very relaxed and friendly - just what you want early on in the day!
So what did we eat?
The finest breakfast in ALL THE LAND.
French toast, crispy bacon and maple syrup -  I'd never tried it with a baguette and it was really nice!
I liked that it held its own and was less soggy than a normal loaf!
Bacon and syrup together just make sense.
Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon - AMAZING.
As I said before, I can't believe I'd never tried it before!
I put it down to sleeping through until lunch time.
I'm not a morning person so breakfast is normally slept through and I literally make no effort to make or eat it.
If I am aware of this being available to me I WILL wake up!
I'll even set an alarm.
See my full review here: http://wp.me/p2vpGr-eU

Met a good friend here for a birthday brunch.
Great menu choice, attentive service & good location.
I had the beef burrito from the specials board, it came with veg rice, sour cream & guacamole.
Tasty & fresh & well seasoned with a hint of spice but not enough to make my eyes water.
It definitely hit the spot.
Mrs D had the pulled pork ciabatta which she thoroughly enjoyed.
There was at least half a pig in there & she managed to polish it off.
The homemade coleslaw earned brownie points too.
Since the sun was out & it was her birthday through the week, we both had a cheeky glass of rosé with lunch.
To finish I had the chocolate brownie & a pot of tea & Mrs D had the lemon meringue tart & a flat white.
The brownie was light but a little dry & crumbly but I still polished it off.
Mrs D said her dessert & coffee were superb.
She could give Rachel Allan a run for her money so that's high praise indeed though neither of us liked the schooshy cream on the side of the plate.
Will definitely go back.

Just has brunch in this cute and hidden place.
Perfect for Sunday morning breakfast or brunch, quietly buzzing and with great service.
I had eggs benedict and my friend had French toast with bacon, both top notch and beat another venue for brunch yesterday.
Juices and shakes a little on the expensive side - £4 for fresh orange which wasn't special, but the food was reasonably priced.
Overall definitely recommend this place - exactly what I was looking for on a sunny Sunday morning during the fringe!

It would be a 4star but it's been brought down a peg due the the price tag.
You're no angel for being pricey UA!
That aside, it is good food.
We went to the Hanover café for a tapas of light bites one Sunday afternoon and it was all very tasty.
Some even quite unusual, such as artichoke, kale and pinenut brushetta.
My favourite was the creamed smoke salmon with horseradish and herb crostini.
After sharing 4 'little plates' we were surprisingly full!
The opening times surprised me here, it closes at 5pm on a Sunday, which seems a little early.
I'd would have expected they would stay open longer, being located at such a prime spot for possible evening diners.
If you do come here sit in the back area, here you'll find the authentic old servants (?
) kitchen with orginial Belfast sink, floor tiles and built in wood burning stove.
Everything appears to be in miniature too.
The rest of the interior is quite rustic with chunky timber and industrial style lighting.
Very trendy urban chic.

I do adore this restaurant  I've been many many times over 12+ yrs.
I  prefer this location to forth street.
I've had birthday.
Mine and friends.
I treat lots of friend to this gorgeous place.
Great service.
Beautiful creative food.
I'll add more later as I could go on and on.
Go.
You'll love it!

So.... to tell you more about Urban Angel Hanover st.
I treasure the welcome area.
Many reasons as it is good to wait for a friend, can look at all the lovely salad and cakes( ready for when seated, great area to feel free to sit and quickly down a coffees.
It's peaceful there as its brightness and sense of the staff having things in hand in the restaurant feels lovely.
Really dig all the bars of chocolate in the welcome area for sale.
Especially the raw consciousness!!!
Go U rban angel!
And have a glass of proseco.
Make all things right

The perfect spot for Sunday brunch!
Huge tasty portions, and quick and cheerful service.
the French toast is awesome, especially with black pudding!

I recently had brunch at the Urban Angel.
I loved this place.
Their menu featured some classics like eggs benedict, scrambles, and quiches but also had some more inventive dishes such as a superfood salad and falafel flatbread, which is what I opted for and thoroughly enjoyed.
My friend got eggs benedict and said they were great with some of the best hollandaise he's ever had.
Also also had some great-looking juices and smoothies which we were too full to try, but the coffee was excellent.
This place emphasizes the quality of the ingredients they use, so everything tasted fresh and well-sourced.
The ambiance is nice - relaxed in a basement with wood furniture and natural light.
It's nice, but casual.
I would say the service wasn't great.
Everyone was friendly, but it took a long time to get our food -two tables sat after us got their food ahead of time.
However, I did feel this was a one-off and it wouldn't stop me from going back again.
All in all, I highly recommend this place.

Expensive for what it was on some levels and good in others (a croissant with butter and jam £2 - poached egg - £2).
Staff lovely, but I was a bit surprised to be seated next to a hole in the wall where I could hear and see people going for the loo, when there was a perfectly nice table, by the fireplace, I could have been directed to.
Noise made us leave early.

This place is a favorite.
I think of their eggs and bacon anytime I want breakfast.
They also have this thick amazing bread that comes with, and for £7.50, I'd say it was worth it.
When I was about to head out I impulsively ordered the raw chocolate shake, and my my I was glad I did.
£4 for delicious, not too sweet, raw goodness.
They are organic, fair trade, local sourced - they care about the food they serve.
And it tastes better for it.
The lovely staff let me sit for nearly two hours, writing, relaxing.
They are under ground so no wifi- but I made due.
They have a fireplace but it was not on, a bit of a bummer, but hopefully they turn it on sometimes.
But then, I might never leave.

Went here on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
I'd never been to any of them, but it was the only place I could think of for both coffee and food (and ambiance) in New Town.
The girl working the counter was lovely and offered to let my friend and I sit in the area around the counter.
I opted for table, at 2:30 they were fully-full, so I was happy there was one for us.
The menu is filled with yummy and healthy options and it looks like they serve a smashing breakfast.
They also offer lots of fruit smoothies and shakes, which all sounded amazing.
I opted for the eggplant quiche, which was on the special board and a flat white.
The service was very on to it and it is a cozy little place, all be it, a bit nosy, but it was very busy, so always a good sign.
My food arrived not long after and to my surprise (and delight!
) the 'salad' alongside the quiche, was not your traditional green leaves, but a mix of a small lentil salad, a small grain salad and some pickled eggplant.
I am a sucker for all things eggplant and the pickled eggplant or maybe it was just served cold after it has been cooked in something slightly-sweet or vinegary, but it was delicious!
Light and fluffy and filled with veggies.
The accompanying salad was a real treat and was so nice to have instead of the average green leaves you generally see.
They had a cheesecake on special, which looked amazing, so I will definitely be back for breakfast or cake at some point.
My only gripe about this place, is the coffee tasted fine, it just came out and wasn't very hot.
I would need to have it again, as it was a bean I have yet to encountered yet in Edinburgh.
A definite stop for me from now on!

I'm laughing at myself for this one as I got the wrong branch (there is another one on Forth St) - so had to run to meet the rest of the hot chocolate search team!
But I like the atmosphere of this Branch and i will be back!

1 Forth Street, EH1 3JX or 121 Hanover Street, EH2 1DJ.
Appropriately obsessed with the chai tea latte and true Scottish haggis I had for breakfast there.
Delicious.
Serves lunch and dinner, too.
Haggis, by the way, is sheep organs ground with barley, onions, and spices.
Quite a sweet meat-esque dish; very hearty, fulfilling, tasty, and chock full of iron and trace minerals.
Emily Rose Reeder

Stopped in for breakfast on the May Bank Holiday.
Located a few short blocks from Princes Street on Hanover.
Nice atmosphere, friendly enough servers, tasty food and good, strong coffee.
Rating is for brunch (4 stars).
A bit expensive for brunch so I would give it only 3 stars for value.
French toast & bacon was good.
Porridge with honey was good.
Breakfast smoothie was OK. Coffee was good.
Service was fine.
Atmosphere is good, I liked the old stove / sink in the seating area.
Give it a try, see what you think :)

Damn, I wish I could remember to take food photos.
Anyways, the husband and I walked here from our hotel on the Royal Mall for brunch on a Wednesday at about 1.
For ppl from the US, Edinburgh is NOT a cheap eating city - however, many restaurants offer a prix fix menu with options for selecting an item from the apps and an item from a selection of entrees and so on.
For 10 pounds each we had an entree, choice of tea or coffee, and a glass of fresh squeezed OJ (delish).
I chose the avocado and cherry tomatoes on toast with the addition of a poached egg.
Doesn't sound like much, but picture a giant slice of brown home baked bread, about an inch thick with and entire avocado mashed on top of it and bright cherry tomato halves sprinkled with sea salt - and a perfectly poached egg YUM.
Service was good - ingredients were superb.
Oh, husband had an egg benedict - said it was great!

