Visited this spot in Hanover street during a couple of it's previous incarnations and always thought it was a nice space so was looking forward to seeing what they'd done with it.
If you're looking to go over the weekend I'd suggest you book in advance.
It does seem to get pretty busy and as a result we ended up in the backroom which can feel a little removed from the action.
I'm not sure why the people who arrived no more than two minutes after us were able to secure a table in the much bigger, brighter and more atmospheric main room after looking a bit dissapointed at being stuck in the back.
I've decided life is too short to make a fuss over things like this though.
The lunchtime menu was smallish, the prices were cheap.
and the food was simple no nonsense stuff with plenty of flavour.
The only criticism I'd have is the size of the portions which left me wanting more.
My sausage, tomato and butterbean stew cost less than £5 but I'd happily have paid more for a bigger portion.
I'd go back to The Dogs again since there was more than enough on the menu I'd like to try.
I think I'll be ordering a starter next time too unless those portions get bigger though.

The experience got off to a bad start; booking for a leisurely Friday lunch at 1pm.
we'll need the table back by 2.30.
Huh?
That's what you get for booking a table in a restaurant reviewed well in The Observer only days before.
I knew there was a reason why I used to get so grumpy about the trendy restaurant scene.
My mood improved as we approached the venue, not least because it was a sunny Friday, we all had the day off and we were about to eat a slap-up lunch.
The interior, on the first floor is stripped-back dark wood, whitewash and black & white feature wallpaper.
The dogs theme is subtle with a few logos, plaster models and pictures scattered here and there.
Even at 12.30pm (we compromised) the place was already buzzing, providing the atmosphere.
That Observer review again.
The first thing to strike you about the menu is the prices.
They are so low!
Fish, chips & mushy peas for £4.95.
Puddings for £3.50.
But then you start to notice the economies: the menu on a scrap of paper, mismatched tables, chairs, crockery, glasses.
Small portions, fast turnover of customers (we had to ask our waiter to go away 3 times).
The menu options were good; cullen skink, goats cheese & walnut salad, black pudding & fried duck egg, jelly & ice cream, rice pudding.
I can't comment on the wine list as my host chose, but his selection, a French regional white implied it was more than just the usual New world suspects.
I still felt grumpy though.
The quality of the food was good, but the presentation dull & portions bordering on mean.
The service was sound, professional and entertaining but just a wee bit too smug and pretentious.
I think that's my problem with The Dogs; it is a contrived concept.
None of our well-heeled fellow diners needed to be on a budget.
I wouldn't have minded paying £6.95 for my fish & chips if it meant a decent portion of mushy peas & a bigger piece of fish.
And while I like eclectic, it doesn't mean random charity shop.
Bottom line?
If they hadn't made a thing of needing the table back when I booked, if they hadn't made us feel rushed and if they'd bumped up the portions and prices just a tad it would be a great place to eat lunch.
Maybe dinner is a more satisfying experience.
Try if for yourself; at these prices it's low-risk and maybe I am just being too pernickerty.

Note: the name of the restaurant is "The Dogs", not "The Dog" as is currently stated above.
The Dogs is a cute upstairs restaurant just off Queens Street with very nice food at reasonable prices.
Ignore the unfortunate signage out front; inside it's comfortable, with a quirky dog-related theme.
I highly recommend their kedgeree at brunch and most everything for dinner.
Many dishes are served in small or large portions, so it's easy to find a meal to suit your appetite.
The manager/owner/head waiter has a rather terse style, or perhaps he's just as quirky as the place he's created.
He's well known around the Edinburgh culinary establishment and has, I'm told, opened rather a few excellent sites.
If you get him as your waiter (he's the tall drink of water with the shiny pate), just roll with it.
His suggestions will be excellent, even if his manner may come off as a bit abrupt.

We went to the dogs on the recomendation of qype reviews.
We only stayed 5 minutes due to the busy hustle and bustle noisy atmosphere.
Personally I do not like sitting so close to the table next to you, that the waiters have to squeeze inbetween and you have to lean in close to create your own personal space.
The wooden tables, chairs and floor create a clattery cafe environment.
There was also only fancy bottled beer rather than a decent draught available.

The Dogs is a quirky little restaurant reached by ascending an unassuming staircase on Hanover St.
The bright and airy main dining room is packed full of odd tables and chairs, there's even a church pew to sit on.
The regularly changing menu comprises of traditional British food (lamb's hearts, skirlie, roast chicken) and is served on mismatched crockery by friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Make sure you order a portion of the chips, they are cooked in dripping (the traditional, unhealthy, way!
) and are to die for.
If you have room for pudding, the lemon posset is a perennial favourite of mine - citrusy, light and creamy.
The Dogs manages to be stylish and unpretentious, whilst also serving up great food - it's the kind of place that you would feel equally comfortable in with your parents or your friends.
Make sure you book in advance!

I would say the vibe of The Dogs is meant to be gastropub, plus a bit of a quirky edge, and a dose of bustling but at the same time chilled out ambience.
Fairly new on the Hanover St scene, The Dogs has pretty much been an instant hit, due to being just a bit different from what's been about in Edinburgh for a while previously, and hitting the right spot with diners who want classic, fairly traditional food in a modern, trendy atmosphere, without it being too pretentious or too much of a fussed up affair.
A big thing is prices - The Dogs is very reasonable for this part of town, and you won't be maxing out any last money limits by coming here for a quick bite to eat and a glass of wine.
There's a Scottish, home cooked food influence to the menu, with favourites like chicken and parsley broth and smoked mackerel, appearing alongside devilled ox kidneys and braised ox tongue, which despite maybe not being instantly favoured these days by people used to restaurants serving clean cut, more pristinely thought of cuts of meat, are still eaten and attractive to lots of people.
I respect The Dogs for being a bit braver than some restaurants and putting more daring dishes out there, which ultimately taste fantastic, and traditionally have always done so.

I would say The Dogs has managed soemthing a bit special here - while being tucked away on Hanover Street up a set of stairs has meant that this place has become one of those places people tend to find by accident, or word of mouth (rather than from sheer presance on the street), the Dogs has also managed to forge itself a reputation as an amazing little gastropub-cum-full-blown-restaurant.
The menu changes regulary, but mostly contains traditional Bristish meals with modern twists.
The atmosphere is trendy and fun, but also incredably laid back.
Coming in here is a real treat.

We are visiting here for 3days trip and it was our very first place we picked for the first meal in Edinburgh.
Very nice and unique ambiance, friendly servers, more importantly superb food!
Don't forget to order chicken bailey vegie soup (under soup of the day on a menu)..i was even asking for a recipe as a joke ;) The most surprising part of our meal was when we got a bill - half of the price we expected.
Bread for 2, 2 starter, 2 main..oh and 2 cokes....based on my life in london ( im living in london) and the quality of the food and ambiance, i was expecting more than 70, at least.
But really surprisingly it was only 30...jeez!
No need to worry where to visit for your meal in Edinburgh.
Just go The dogs - you will not regret for sure :)  FYI, it is a part of "dog" series restaurant.
There are other dogs such as sea dogs or amore dogs and I and my bf are planning to visit both of them during our stay here ;)

After reading all the rave reviews about this place I felt it was my duty to check this place out.
I've been to "Seadogs" the sister branch located on Rose Street and absolutely loved it so I had high expectations for this place and I wasn't disappointed.
I love the Scottish influence in the menu and everything on it seems like a hearty meal and it took me a good while to decide what I wanted.
I finally decided to go for the seafood stew which came with a generous helping of tasty bread and it was absolutely delicious.
To follow my main I was faced with the same dilemma of what to choose as everything looked so good, I wasn't feeling in a sugary mood even though the sweets looked delicious so instead I opted for the selection of cheese and oatcakes which were amazing, the cheese was really creamy and it was a generous helping too.
Like the other reviewers, we were also surprised when our bill came to around the £30 mark, for the quality, the great atmosphere and the portions we were expecting much more but I'm certainly not complaining!
I can't wait to go back!

Specialising in doing something a bit different with cheap, unusual cuts of meat, The Dogs on Hanover St. is an absolute winner.
Quirky décor, mis-matched cutlery and antique furniture all add to the place's charm.
Where the place really comes into its own, though, is the food.
As the website  says, they champion Scottish and British dishes, using responsibly and sustainably thrifty cuts.
I had the cockles with bacon, mushrooms and cream to start - a perfect blend of saltiness and silky cream, followed by a shared cote de boeuf with smoked garlic butter.
By far the most tender piece of beef I've ever had and cooked to perfection (so often chefs seem to think rare means medium).
And the best part?
Dinner for two, with 2 courses and a bottle of wine for under £50.
Word of warning - The Dogs isn't much of a secret anymore and it's always heaving.
Makes for a great atmosphere but book early if you want a table.
Also really good for a cheap, tasty lunch to break up a day of shopping.
It really is, well, y'know, the dog's...

LOVED THIS PLACE.
From America, wanted a true Scottish dining experience while not getting too crazy.
Food was fantastic, service was great, pricing was very affordable.
I would definitely come here again!!

Easily became my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh.
From the reasonably priced fresh food and local produce, to the amazing customer service.
The venue is quirky and welcoming.
We arrived the other day to a delay for our table and received complementary glasses of champagne for the wait.
Not typical customer service in the city centre.
I can highly recommend the lentil wellington from their winter menu - the only reason I was sad to see summer was to see this disappear!

delightful setting eclectic menu wonderful service great food overall fantastic value for money

Great dinner experience and neighborhood!

We liked The Dogs.
Great location on Hanover Street.
A big light-filled dining room.
Excellent food.
And a helpful server with a bit of an edge to her.
My son had  (thank goodness for the on-line menu or I'd never remember this) braised rabbit with smoked bacon and cider, kale and carrot.
I had pan fried hake fillet, smoked fish potato cake and mustard sauce.
For dessert we split some sort of fabulous chocolate something or other which I can no longer recall.
What I do know is that these dogs are fine examples that reflect well on canine-dom.

Ummmm.......
This place.
Great location.
About sixteen restos in one (there's a bar, an italian place, an upstairs, and a seafood version *that I know of*.
Listen:  Braised Lamb heart stuffed with prunes and bacon.
Sweet, salty, smoky bacon.
Lamb's heart braised just enough, flavourful but tender.
Salt + sweeet.
Totally capable mash.
Sides: creamed leeks & almond green beans.
Wine: Nero d'Avola.
The wine was good & went well with the food.
This place has fabulous decor, lovely attentive (but not overattentive) service, the most beautiful floor staff in Christendom (or whatever you'd say these days) (Not fake-o made-up air-brushed spray-tanned bleach-blonde beauty, but simple, honest, lovely people.
Like the food.
Simple, honest, lovely food).
Eat here.
It's worth it.
You'll need a side-- they're very good with the portion control and with leaving you not quite enough in a main for a meal.
But it's worth it.
Simply honest good food.
Experimental and traditional, somehow.
Yum.
Jugs of tap water-- they make no fecking about with costly water.
They just fill it up.
Now, if they did away with the horrible brightly-coloured plastic jugs...
I don't know why it strikes me wrong, but it feels like it's going to be squash at a birthday party when you pour it.
I suppose that's it.
But eat there.

Went here during Fringe before a modest mouse concert-  Had gotten used to great fish n chips during the entire trip from Edinburgh to Highlands to Inverness to Skye to Oban & back to Edinburgh, but I think the best I had was here.
Choice of multiple fish in the fish n chips- the two we had, I believe the haddock and the cod, were great!
Perfectly crispy outside but moist and tender interior.
Also there was a pretty decent wine selection at very reasonable prices.
I think we had a good New Zealand Sauv Blanc to wash the meal down.
Several other sides, all excellent- seemed like the restaurant took their job seriously, but the location and decor was really cool with a very memorable wallpaper (you'll understand when you go!).
Also I love waiters who are friendly & into the restaurant and the menu and aren't afraid to give good recommendations.
We got some great recs here courtesy of the waiter!

Love.
This.
Place.
Having read everyone's reviews and having a local (thanks Jenny) recommend it, I decided I had to stop in.
I also saw that unless you make a reservation, it could be difficult to get in, so since I had a very early lunch, I thought I would have an early dinner (say 6:15 p.m.-ish).
It is easy to find, actually on a very cute street with lots of other nice-looking restaurants and cute boutiques.
I was greeted by a member of staff once upstairs who took me to a seat immediately, but then said, "We will need this table at about 7:45, is that ok?
"  I mention this because some of the tourists around me were mentioning how rude it was, but for a place that popular, I didn't think it was that rude, in fact I thought it was perfectly reasonable, considering they may have just not seated me (or those people) at all.
Sometimes you have to make a compromise...
I appreciate that they bring of jug of water to your table without asking!
Anyway, the waitress who served me was EXCELLENT!
I don't know that I have had that kind of service in a long time and it was so refreshing!
She asked me if I had any questions about the menu, took the time to explain some of the items and helped me make a choice.
She never hurried me once, but always stopped to check and see if I needed anything.
I opted for the Pan-fried Coley (a meaty, white fish) with kale and mint, caper dressing.
I had also seen a lady with the creamed leeks, so I ordered a side of those.
I certainly got my helping of greens, however it was so tasty!
The fish looked delicious with kale and broccoli underneath and the dressing on the fish and around the plate.
Note:  when you first take a bite, you may not get a bit of the capers, but do not salt until you have had some of the capers.
I overheard someone talking about how they should have waited, and I thought to wait as I know that capers can be a bit strong.
That being said, I am not a huge fan of capers, however I really enjoyed the dressing.
The capers complimented the mint in the dish.
The fish was cooked very nicely.
And the creamed leeks...  the best I think I've had here.
Creamed leeks may be very simple, but these were done well and I would order them again in a heartbeat.
Watching my watch, but having seen the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding with Bailey's Custard, I had to have dessert.
I was worried that the portion would be rather large, however it was literally, just the right size and that goes for the main and the side as well... everything was just right, filling, but not to the point of being sick.
The dessert was...
DELICIOUS...  it is a dark chocolate in the bread and butter pudding and when mixed with a bit of the warm Bailey's cream is just heavenly!
Overall, I highly enjoyed my meal and would recommend this place to anyone...
I didn't think that it was pricey, in fact I thought for the spot-on portions, the price was spot-on too!
For all of that, plus my diet coke, it was just over 18 quid.
Make a reservation and go!

I didn't love my salad (blue cheese and apples-- way too much blue cheese) but I loved the asparagus and chicken pie.
I ate every last drop of it.
The rest of our group enjoyed their meals as well.

The Dogs is another great upscale casual restaurant that I found on Yelp Edinburgh!
Really well prepared modern European food with generous portions.
My steak was delicious as were the perfectly crisp chips on the side.
Be sure to try the hot smoked salmon salad as a starter....so good.
Some of the best salmon I've ever had.
The restaurant itself is on the top floor of a period building.
Expect high ceilings and lots of random portraits of dogs of course.
If you are like me and arrive without a reservation, do not fear they have a "staging area" ie the bar underneath the Dogs and they will ring you (or the bar) when the table is ready.
The wait staff was great albeit slightly cheeky.
My tattooed waitress said I'd like the wine...actually she said that the wine will be banging....not sure what means but I think it was spot on as I did enjoy the wine.
Great place!
Definitley worth a visit...higher-end casual food at its finest.

Good food.
Interesting menu.
Reasonably priced.
Funky decor.
Lovely staff.
The Dogs is the Dogs' Boll*cks !

Gros coup de cœur culinaire à Édimbourg.
Dans un cadre moderne, clair, design, sur le thème du chien évidemment.
un énorme portrait du chien du patron (j'imagine) trône en tenture murale derrière le bar.
La carte est très complète et les plats sont excellents.
une mention spéciale pour le fish ad chips qui est très bon.
Les serveurs sont adorables.

The Dogs is a cool place with an intimate, casual/cozy feel and solid food.
We stopped by here around 6 without a reservation.
As with many places we came across on our travels in Europe, it was a bit hard to figure out where to go and who to talk to, we just sort of stumbled up some stairs and waited around until someone popped their head out to greet us (signage and/or a hostess stand by the door would help tremendously, not just here but in most other Euro restaurants IMO).
Like another Yelper mentioned, were told we could have the table until 7:45 which wasn't a problem (I'm glad we knew to expect this, because this isn't something we Yanks are used to- thanks Yelp!).
Wine was the way to go for drinks (beer selection wasn't that good and was pricey), and we had a lovely Montepulciano and ordered some artisanal bread and butter to start; butter was fresh, bread was too tough for my liking and not as flavorful as it could have been (seemed burned on the bottom to boot).
I got the pan fried hake fillet with smoked fish potato cake and mustard sauce, and it was really flavorful and well cooked...
I'd never really had hake before but this dish made me want to seek it out elsewhere (such a lovely flavor), and the mustard sauce had me thinking about licking the plate (the potato cake was of course delicious as well, as was the spinach hidden atop of it).
The boy got chicken and ham pie which he also found delicious.
The main & bread was enough to stuff me, but the boy had some room for a post-meal coffee (which was actually real coffee, a nice surprise after running into tons of instant coffee while in the UK).
Our waitress was polite and cute (we felt so bad when fellow Americans came in shortly after us and were grilling her about every little thing on the menu that she clearly didn't know the answer to and was super nervous...
I kind of wanted to smack them, they were being ridiculous, that poor girl).
Prices were reasonable and the food was certainly worth it.
Were I a local, I'd make The Dogs one of my go-to dining spots for sure.

Fantastic wait staff, interesting menu (make sure you order chips), reasonably priced.
Loved it!

They did it again!
I was actually going to try Amore Dogs, but I just thought I'd take a cheeky peek at The Dogs' menu.
It was a cheeky peek alright...
PIG'S CHEEKS!
I know.
I know.
Many of you out there are thinking, "Disgusting" or if you're American, "Gross", however, I have been wanting to try pig's cheeks and it doesn't help that Simon cooked them on 'Something for the Weekend' and continued my fascination with these little parcels of heaven.
That being said, there were about a dozen more items on The Dogs' menu that spoke to me more than on the Amore Dogs' menu.
I was the only one there, so I got to choose my seat... a lovely table next to the window so I could watch the world go by.
The waitress was lovely, but I got the feeling that the guy that was occasionally bring things out to me was either judging me for eating solo and/or annoyed that I had not made a reservation.
Anyway I chose the Williams Red Ale to go with my Pig's Cheeks in a Cider Stew with Wholegrain Mustard Mash... although for a hot second I considered the Pork Belly cooked in cola.
I decided to start with the Spiced Carrot and Lentil Soup.
The flavour was wonderful, but I was partially expecting the carrots to be pureed, however there were chunks of carrot in the broth.
I also did not find any lentils, however the crusty bread I had soaked up the soup nicely.
Shortly after, the main I have been waiting for all my life appeared in front of me.
The portion was just right for me, but a hungry man might find it a bit small, so make sure you have a starter!
There were three cheeks with a few carrots and celery on top of a nicely sized scoop of the wholegrain mustard mash, sitting in some of the cider broth.
The cheeks were so tender!
They were literally little pillows of meaty goodness.
I don't know if it was the mustard in the mashed potatoes, but I didn't get much of the cider from the broth, but every now and then I could taste a bit of apple, I think I would have liked a little more of that flavour.
I ate all of it and even used some of the leftover bread to sop up the rest of the broth.
And the red ale really went well with the whole thing.
The waitress came back and asked if I wanted dessert or coffee, I must have looked a bit distressed on whether I should or shouldn't and she said, "I can bring a menu, but you don't have to order, you can just look.
"  That was all I needed, then again, looking at a dessert menu usually leads to me ordering a dessert.
And this did.
I chose the Toffee Rice Pudding with the Apple Compote.
It came out in a small bowl... a caramelly colour with a few bits of apple on top.
To be honest, I wished they had left the apple off... the Toffee Rice Pudding was spot on!
It was creamy, it was sticky, it was full of toffee flavour, it was just the right kind of dessert for a cold, winter evening.
And the small portion was just right because it was so rich and it is rice, so it was more than enough.
It was a perfect winter dinner from start to end and while I could have gotten away with paying under £20 because the guy left my ale off of the bill, but I was honest about it, I still think what I paid for three courses and a drink was totally worth it.
Oh and the guy... when some other people came in, he looked just as annoyed with them, so maybe it wasn't just me...  good thing my dinner was another amazing experience!

High quality dishes, priced very reasonably, served in surroundings that are certainly "interesting", with some of the friendliest service you'll find  - this is what The Dogs is all about.
It's a place that's full of character, and serves as an excellent mothership to the other outlets in the same stable (Amore Dogs, Underdogs, and the late lamented Seadogs).
Overall, we said: "Having now completed the full set of Dogs, I'm pleased to say that they're all excellent.
Sadly, I think my favourite may well have been Seadogs, but then perhaps that's me viewing things in an overly nostalgic fashion.
Certainly, I'll be visiting the three remaining outlets on many occasions in the future, so would recommendation that you do, too.

I wanted to try this place since I moved to Edinburgh and I'm glad to report that it was as good as I had hoped.
The cola pork belly was delish and the manager recommended a chocolate orange desert special which was just amazing.
The hard chairs can be ignored and the atmosphere is very relaxed.
The staff were friendly and I loved the quirkiness.
I've decided to bring all my visitors here.

Fresh, well prepared food, in an awesome atmosphere and at a very affordable price in Edinburgh.
The flank steak and chips were really good.
Ordered mid-rare and it was correctly cooked.
My dinning companion had the chicken breast stuffed with black haggis.
That was amazing.
So flavorful.
They have an affordable wine list.
I think we paid 16 quid for a very decent bottle.
It's located on the second floor of what appears to be an old townhouse.
A textured white interior gives it a very nice vibe.
I'll be back.

After being to this restaurant I now understand where the expression 'The Dog's £$%&*!$£' came from.
I dare you to finish your meal and not use this term as the food is just so good, there is no other way to describe it.
If you want a meal at very reasonable prices, with good top quality nosh then this is your place.
With main meals from £7 upwards, you really can't complain!!!
There is no pretentiousness about the place which I love and think is one of it's best qualities.
Friendly service, wholesome, hearty food in a happy ambience - the perfect recipe for a (dog's) dinner!!!
When I was last there I shared the 18oz ribeye steak.
Ever since living in Argentina a few years ago I've been on a mission to find a decent steak this side of the water and am usually deeply disappointed.
So much so that I nearly gave up my search but I decided that I'd give the dog a chance and boy was I glad I did???
This steak was so juicy and tasty - it just melted in my mouth:)  Definitely highly recommended!!!
Highly recommended - this truly is The Dog's!!

The kidneys were outstanding, as was the service and the presentation of EVERYTHING.

With such delicious food, fantastic service and unique but lovely ambiance, there's no excuse for not making a stop here when in Edinburgh.
It's not too far from the Ediburgh Waverly station, though it doesn't have a touristy feel to it at all.
I highly recommend the haggis, neeps and tatties (I had my first, but not last, haggis here).
I will definitely return the next time I have the good fortune of being in town!

On our trip to Edinburgh, this was a gem!
We were a party of 4, and we walked in without reservations early in the evening.
We promptly got a table and great service.
The fried lamb starter was amazing, and my friend couldn't even manage a conversation between bites because it was *that* delicious.
They were also very accommodating and allowed us an order of haggis, neeps, and tatties off of the day menu even though we were there in the evening.
The haggis was yummy, and our friends who were trying it for the first time liked it too!
For main courses we were all satisfied with our choices.
I found the veg bake a bit bland and greasy from the cheese.
The walnut and apple salad with stilton had quite a generous helping of cheese, which was nice.
I took off a star because while this was great food that hit the spot, it wasn't wow-blow-my-mind good.
It is a good choice for a good quality meal in Edinburgh, though.
Oh, and I'm a sucker for good puddings, but the desserts we ordered (fruit crumble and a frozen parfait) were not particularly memorable.

In terms of the overall experience, The Dogs is one of my favourite Edinburgh restaurants.
The menu is superb - it's reassuringly limited and there are some staples that never change.
But beyond that, it moves with the seasons and the specials are great more often than not.
Not really one for the veggies, The Dogs seems to specialise in unusual cuts of meat - particularly offal - cooked in a fairly traditional style.
This is tasty, hearty food which nonetheless manages to avoid wavering into 'gastropub' territory.
I personally really enjoy their stary-gazy fish pie.
It's rich without being heavy or cloying and is packed with several kinds of fish, each of which brings its own texture and flavour.
And it looks beautiful.
The wine list is good and reasonably priced, while the staff are helpful and knowledgable if (like me) you need a bit of help choosing something appropriate.
The restaurant itself is on the first floor and is divided into several small-ish rooms.
Candle lit, eccentrically decorated and with a definite bistro vibe, The Dogs' friendly but occasionally scatty service feels very much in keeping.
This is where I go where I need cheering up, and it never fails to deliver.

Delicious food and spectacular service.
David the waiter "surprised" me with delicious wine and a wonderful three course meal.
I couldn't have been happier.

"What's the spice in the devilled liver?
It's delicious.
"  "Spice.
It's a secret.
If I tell you, I'd have to kill you, and you're far too delicious to do that to.
"  Only a very small glimpse of my dinner at The Dogs recently.
I had the devilled liver.
The spice was delicious.
It warmed your mouth and didn't burn in the slightest, only once you'd swallowed the liver did you feel the spice increase.
Every mouthful almost brought a tear to my eye.
And so when asking the owner (I believe), a wonderfully flamboyant character, he was at once teasing, friendly and bizarre.
I love this sort of thing.
The Dogs has personality.
And amazing food, from an unusual menu.
They're known for doing British-style dishes but using different cuts of meat and types of animal.
Presentation is 'simple' - the stand-out here is the taste of the food itself.
I love the layout too.
A front room near the bar, and a back room.
It's just a room with some tables and chairs.
You bring the atmosphere.
On a Tuesday night we ended up here with practically our own private dining room at one point, save for one other couple who were happy to share the intimate atmosphere.
The lamb to start melted in your mouth, literally.
I think I let out an involuntary noise of delight when I first tasted it.
And normally a fast eater, I lingered over both courses to make them last.
Liver, now liver.
I hadn't tried it before, and was wary.
If you haven't tried it before, I urge you to go to The Dogs and try it here.
It starts off as meat textured and turns to a pate texture.
Like I said, the spice is just magical.
A bottle of red recommended with the meal went perfectly with the liver.
The head waiter didn't mind that we stayed for perhaps 4 hours over 2 courses?
The owner had already bid us adieu after exclaiming "are you still here?!
"   I've recently heard that both Seadogs and Underdogs (sister venues of The Dogs) are shutting.
I sincerely hope this isn't the case for The Dogs.
Long may it reign over all that is good and right with casual, yet indulgent, dining.
A perfect place for a group dinner, a date, or dinner-for-one.
The Dogs Danglies.
(In fact, I wouldn't put it past them to serve those on a plate too.
And I bet they'd be good.

This place is absolutely great.
Funky and comfortable ambiance, good music playing, friendly and welcoming service... Great wine list ...  And ...
The FOOD!
OMG they've got this dialed-in.
We ordered salmon and while not elaborate, it was stunning.
Absolutely perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.
We ordered free range chicken on a timbale of sweet potatoes and haggis -- who knew how amazingly delicious is haggis?!?
Don't think twice:  go.
Now!!

The wife and I had an absolutely delightful time at "The Dogs".
Great ambiance, wonderful services, very funny and engaging owner.
Mussels for an appetizer -- delightful.
I ordered the chicken on a bed of mashed potatoes, black pudding, and haggis, and it was delicious.
My wife had the salmon, also very good.
Veggies were perfect, dessert was simple (apple/rhubarb crumb on ice cream) yet filling.
The next day we met a woman who is a chef in Edinburgh and we mentioned The Dogs -- she laughed and said she loved the place and was going to eat dinner there that night!
One of my all time best restaurant visits.

H squared.
That's what I was this morning.
Hungry and hungover.
After a night of bowling shenanigans and not having supper I woke up starving and hungover.
I had made plans to meet a friend for lunch in the New Town and remembered this place.
I had read about it and noticed it had good reviews so I decided we should meet there.
My friend was struggling to find parking so I waited for her.
The server promptly brought me a jug of water which I immediately chugged (ahem, I was rather dehydrated).
I sat around admiring the decor and the hipster vibe of the place.
I had a look at the menu and saw blackpudding.
I decided I'd have to blackpudding/bacon/haggis mash.
My friend chose the burger.
I really liked the presentation of our meals.
I was definitely satisfied by my hash and my friend enjoyed her burger noting that she was pleased that it didn't come with a huge bun.
It was also super affordable.
I'll be back for sure!
Would like to try dinner out!

I wasn't as blown away by the food as the other reviewers seem to be.
I ordered the Rabbit and chorizo casserole with a bottle of Williams Red Ale.
The dish was unique.
Simply platted but it was a combination of meats that I have never thought to try before.
It was a good casserole, just not a £13 casserole.
Similarly, the beer was a micro-brew with a unique flavor, but again I didn't think £5 was a reasonable price.
The waiter was attentive, and the atmosphere was the epitome of cozy.
Overall, unique but costly.

We passed by The Dogs looking for a place to eat and became curious after we saw the menu by the front door.
We went to dinner at 5:30pm and did not have any problem with seating.
We picked a really cute spot by the window but we were told that the spot is reserved at 7pm.
Fair enough.
We didn't need that much time anyway because after we got our food, we quickly demolished it as the food there is soooo amazing.
It is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Edinburgh.
I had lamb chops and my boyfriend had the flat iron steak.
We were both so happy with our meals.
The place is simple looking but it has a warm and cozy character.
I enjoyed looking at the huge picture of a dog at the bar area.
The price is reasonable.
The service is pretty good.
I highly recommend coming here.
I know I'd definitely come back when I visit Edinburgh again.

Very impressed with The Dogs!
We had to wait a half hour for a table as it was heaving, but I guess that is a good indication of somewhere good & half an hour isnt long really on a Saturday Avo.
We then got seated and served by a friendly waitress that even although it was busy, was still very polite and happy to serve.
The chap that seemed to take the phone calls and organise the tables looked very flustered which was a tad off putting, but I think they are looking for additional staff and so i think that they struggled a little with how busy it was.
I ordered the asparagus, goats cheese barley risotto and it was tasty, also we had the seafood pie, which had a nice amout on salmon in it!
We did not have anything to drink other than water, but it did have a very attractive wine menu!.
I loved the theme of this establishment.
I love dogs as it happens, but its quirky and just a little different, which I like & the quality of food in relation to the price we paid was very very good.
Lunch cost is £13!
I would love to pop back at night sometime in the future, as I think it would be even better :)

Oh, how much do I love The Dogs?
Too much, far, far too much!
This is my favourite Edinburgh restaurant, and the one I keep coming back to.
So simple - everything is down to the high quality of the food and the stellar cooking.
The menu is fairly short but always imagative, and creatively put together.
The surroundings are casual, stylish - but you don't feel out of place in either a sparkly dress or your jeans.
Or both.
Why not?
I keep choosing the pork belly, as I just can't get enough of that melt-in-the-mouth tenderness.
Last time I ate there (last week), the pork belly was served with skirlie and barley and kale stew.
Utterly, utterly gorgeous.
I think I made noises with every mouthful.
The fish and seafood pie scoffed by my companion featured prawns the size of his fist.
Great winelist - again, short and to the point.
This is just the perfect restaurant - and so well-priced.
Incredible value for money for this quality of food.
I adore this place!

I read about this restaurant and was so excited to try it, but think it has past its heyday.
First off, I am 29 year old from London.
Just saying cause I hate when Yelp reviews are always older folks who can't take a night on the town.
The food here was okay and quite a bit pricey, but I have no problem with that.
Think Scottish food with a little British touch on top.
Not an experience in modern gastronomy, or even farm to table in my opinion, but it was edible.
The service on the other hand is why I have to give such a poor review.
I saw a couple's night get ruined by this woman who worked there named Charlotte.
Some Americans were sitting at the bar and being polite; she belittled and insulted them and treated them like crap.
I was astonished.
Later I asked her for some water when our waiter was busy and she snarled at me!
Then, it happened again with this other woman.
I tried to shield my clients from interacting with her!
Here is my advice.
You'll pay a little more, the food will be okay, it might not feel you are in edinburgh, but be careful.
It is kind of a you work for them as the patron place.
Good luck.

We have passed this place on the last 3/4 visits to Edinburgh and as it's merely a doorway in a busy street we never gave it time of day- oh how sorry we were that we'd never been before when we managed to get a table in November when we had our last break there.
This place had been featured in The Observer, Olive magazine and had been suggested via 'tripadvisor' pop up when we were researching and they all recommended it.
We hadn't booked and did think from previous reviews that there was very little chance of being sat down in a hurry but after a 5/8 min wait we were given a table recently vacated.
The place was packed with customers from all walks of life- a family with 2 young kids, an 'older' couple celebrating their Anniversary, a group of women on a girlie weekend break so you can see the appeal for this place.
We ordered the bread basket and a carafe of house white and service was prompt despite them being busy.
All the food looked scrumptious and it was hard to choose.
The whole menu was so reasonably priced I'm not surprised it's so popular.
We eventually settled on the- Haggis,black pudding and bacon hash with fried duck egg Smoked fish kedgeree  The service was as quick as can be expected with a packed restaurant and gave us chance to take in the setting.
It's exceptionally quirky.
The chairs are all mish/mash styles (with a church pew/bench at the back) and the artwork is easy on the eye yet individual.
I just had to sample the toilets and the corridor /bathroom was done in the same quirky unique style.
The hash cake let me tell you was OMG!
I'd stick my neck out and say it was the best thing I've eaten in Edinburgh- ever!
My Mr enjoyed the kedgeree but was quite jealous he hadn't chosen the hash like me.
There was large chunks of each black pudding/haggis/potato/bacon which was seasoned well and the delightful duck egg was divine- I almost struggled to finish the portion!
We weren't rushed out of the place or made to feel that we were taking up valuable space despite sitting after we were done eating.
We did consider dessert but were stuffed!
The staff do an excellent job to maintain service when so busy and we will definitely recommend this place to everyone and visit again as soon as possible.

I booked a table at this restaurant last night based on the volume of high rated reviews.
My expectations were therefore quite high but I left feeling rather disappointed and cringing that I oversold how good the place was to my date.
Am I missing something??
Am I too picky?
I ordered steak, which I asked to be cooked Medium Well - now the chef might have taken the huff at my audacity of ordering steak over the "acceptable" Medium Rare, but what I received was an extremely tough, overcooked piece of beef with over-fried chips.
My date ordered lamb, and while he ate it all, agreed it wasn't anything to write home about.
One of my pet hates is having to order and pay for vegetables separately!
Argh!
For god's sake - I'm paying enough so just shove a bit of broccoli on the side of my plate please without charging me 6 bucks for a separate portion!
All in all, I thought the restaurant and food was 'ok' - the setting was comfortable and casual and the service fine.
We did get some good 'banter' from the waiter but in all honesty I wouldn't say the experience was anything special.
If I'm in control of venue choice I wouldn't rush to book again, however I'd happily eat there again if someone else does.

I just love The Dogs.
I go there with Jason, I go there with friends, and I go there on my own when I'm shopping in town.
If I worked nearby I'd be tempted to go every day.
We took my parents there for lunch on Sunday and every single meal was a success - from smoked haddock kedgeree to black pudding and haggis hash.
The food is always great, always interesting and always cheap.
And it's a lovely venue, too - bright and comfortable.
I wish I was there right now...

Nice casual ambiance, creative menu.
I've tried at least 5 or 6 different vegetarian mains here (they change seasonally - usually there are a couple on at a time) and they have all been quite tasty.
Lentil nut loaf and barley risotto were favorites.
We've always found the service to be fast and friendly.
It's a popular place and fills up at peak times, but if you go early you can usually grab a table, at least for an hour or so.
No beer on tap - only bottles.

Ouaf ~ Ouaf.
My first Yelp review after an amazing dinner at The Dogs in the historical Edinburgh.
If you are looking for well-cooked and non-expensive gourmet Scottish/British food, that's the place you should visit and dine.
The atmosphere is great and the decoration was so funny and different.
Atmosphere is very pleasant.
2 Main courses + 1 Starter + a bottle of wine = £48  I need to mention that I didn't like that although I had a reservation at 20:30 I had to wait for 15 minutes until I get sited.

Located on the north side of the busy Princess, Rose, and George Street shops, The Dogs has a prime location for any hungry shopper looking for a sophisticated meal after browsing the streets of Edinburgh.
It might also be the best bargain and value for money compared to your retail purchases!
The interior of The Dogs is simplistic but bold, spacious but cosy and makes for a great meal anytime of the day.
Though at night as the light dims, you could find yourself in a candle light ball of warmth.
This atmosphere doesn't have to be with a partner but can be enjoyed with any company (friends, family, anyone you enjoy spending time with and can share a great experience of The Dogs with).
Now to the food!
Wow, the portion sizes are a podgey mans best friend!
The flavours are intense and will make you have that moment of pulling all kinds of satisfying faces in the air while struggling to find words but replacing them with "mmm!
", "omg!
", "amazing".
Here's some words to use when you find yourself in that moment:  "This is heaven in my mouth!
"; "Where's my Bucket List!?
"; "Can we stay here forever!?
"; "I love you!...
" (whether that be family, friends, partner, or even a colleague, boss, or client - It's all acceptable in that moment).
Personally I would recommend the Braised Beefs Shin and Cheek.
This was unreal in tenderness and again the portion size was so generous.
For the price, the ambiance, the friendly staff, and the excellent food, it felt like I had cheated someone.
It was definitely a shock to the system to find and experience The Dogs.
If you are in Edinburgh's City Centre and find yourself growling for some food, I recommend you visit this hidden gem.
It really is The Dogs bollocks!
:)  Enjoy!

Amazing lunch, great price.
In an area where you can find overpriced tourist traps just a few streets away, this place is a gem nestled in the junk.
Innovative and scrumptious, The Dogs takes some comfort foods and puts a spin on them that makes you glad you stopped in.

One of my most regular dining companions  has long been loudly extolling the virtues of simple food cooked well and railing against the excesses of Michelin style fine dining.
For a while I would strongly combat his assertions and maintain that Edinburgh's best cooking still comes from the pass of Tom Kitchin or Martin Wishart.
Now I'm not so sure.
I find myself becoming dulled by the fussiness and self-indulgence of the fine-dining establishment.
Like in films, the trends in eating often reflect wider societal themes.
With austerity and cutbacks echoing across the political zeitgeist the countries best chefs and restaurants often respond creatively.
One of our most respected and interesting restauranteurs David Ramsden opened The Dogs at the peak of the financial crisis in 2008 promising good quality ingredients cooked simply at an affordable price.
I first ate at one of Ramsden's restaurants in the late 90s at 'Rogue' and it was clear that he was a man ahead of his time.
Stylish by today's standards it was simply too cosmopolitan, smart and forward thinking for Edinburgh in those days.
It would have worked and thrived in London.
The Dogs is another well conceived idea, but crucially this time, with immaculate timing.
Popping in for a Saturday lunch, it was busy and humming with chatter.
The restaurant is a slightly idiosyncratic shape, with 2 separate dining rooms and almost everything within, from cushions to paintings, adorned by pictures of cute, four-legged friends.
Quickly seated by  Mr Ramsden himself who looks like a slightly intimidating Richard O'Brien, we were given excellent service throughout.
Every table has a large jug of iced water awaiting the customer, top marks for value, a theme that would run through the meal all the way to the happy ending that was the very reasonable bill.
With 'nose to tail' cuts a speciality, I plumped for the 'devilled ox liver, onions, bacon and mushrooms on toast' (6.45).
It was simply superb.
Big chunks of perfectly cooked liver were complimented by the salty bacon and tangy, spicy sauce.
The toast mopped up all the flavour as well as giving the dish a bit of much-needed body.
You could taste the quality of every ingredient and it really stood out as a perfect marriage of textures and taste.
My partner had 'roasted squash, goat cheese and spring onion barley risotto' (6.45) which was a much more subtle taste combination  and very light.
The dish was well-balanced, with the squash every bit as prominent as the potentially overpowering Goat's Cheese.
For dessert we shared an 'apple, shortbread and vanilla rice pudding' (4.75).
The light, vanilla infused rice pudding was covered in a shortbread crumble with some stewed and very flavoursome apples in the centre.
The creaminess of the pudding was expertly offset by the sweetness of the apples.
Another perfectly balanced dish, I wolfed through it with some gusto.
The standard of cooking is impressive.
Simple ideas done so well that it's only in analysing their excellence that the true culinary intelligence shines through.
At the end of the meal I told David Ramseden that my Liver was possibly the best dish I have had in 6 months.
He replied 'I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Tell all your friends!'.
Go.

A Find!
A cool decoration concept (if you really like tongue in cheek and dogs), and the various bits of dog "art" are fun to look at as you walk up the stairs.
The food is Scottish comfort with a modern twist - and the portions are sharable!
Even the mac n cheese, which can be a danger zone outside of the US, is delish.
It was low-key and not too expensive for a great meal.
You are able to make a reservation, which I suggest on a weekend night.
We walked in at 8ish, and had to return 9:45 for our table.
We weren't rush, and they put pitchers of water at each table - very unusual in the UK.
Highly recommend!

We went here based on other Yelp reviews but had a mixed experience.
Food--of the three in our party, I enjoyed mine the most.
They were out of the green curry on the menu so they whipped me up a spicy chicken dish served over rice.
It was a hearty, spicy dish that hit the spot.
I enjoyed it with a Scottish golden ale.
The others in my party were less impressed.
The steak was way over done and the oxtail casserole was good but not great.
We skipped dessert.
Location was great--convenient, comfortable and a unique ambiance.
Service--waiter bordered on rude and deserted us towards the end of the meal.
I would probably give this another try, but a bit disappointed overall.

Requested a Chef's choice meal - it was great!
We had the braised lardon and prune stuffed lamb heart for appetizer, and Albion fish casserole and skirlie and bacon stuffed pork belly - all were very delicious.
For dessert the lemon posset was light and tasty - a perfect end to a wonderful meal.

If this was my mum reviewing The Dogs it'd be getting 5 stars, I'm pretty sure she's its biggest fan.
Me?
I really like it, but not love.
I've been a couple of times before, and been turned away without a booking before too - which speaks volumes as to its popularity in Edinburgh.
Last night though, despite it being a Sunday during the festival, we were lucky and secured a table for four after just turning up in hope.
We were told we couldn't order food for 20 minutes, but drinks and bread were fine, and I'm fairly certain it was less than 20 mins when the waiter returned to take our order.
My dad was the only one to order a starter, their 'Big Fat' soup of the day - pork and vegetable.
And my was it big and fat!
It was so thick that it was more of a stew than a soup, and he commented that had he realised he wouldn't have ordered it - fearing he'd be too full for mains.
Sister had an amazing looking fish and chips (HUGE fish, and I stole a deliciously fluffy and crispy chip), mum had rabbit rissotto, dad had the Albion fish stew and I went for braised rabbit.
The fish stew was entirely fish, no seafood, and as a result not only very filling but also rather samey - although admittedly very nice.
My rabbit was okay, with the accompanying dauphinoise cake a particular highlight.
And then to puddings!
Mum is a massive fan of the lemon posset, and it once again lived up to its reputation.
Glorious.
But the berry and apple tart dad and I ordered was more of a disappointment.
The flavours were fine, and the aniseed custard was subtle.
But it was so cold it was verging on frozen.
Cold tart and cold custard?
It just didn't work, and the freezing cold fruit was actually starting to irritate my teeth.
Alas too we were in the small room, and through no fault of The Dogs' were fighting to talk over the next table (Very loud Fringe types).
So, all in all The Dogs is still a good restaurant, and my mum probably still loves it, but it's not perfect and the fruit tart let down an otherwise pleasant meal.

The Dogs is a great, solid go to restaurant in the new town.
Always lovely of  an evening after work hours when the place is busy and full of buzzing conversation.
I especially love going here in the winter months; when the decor helps you feel cosy and the food comforts you from the inside out.
A great place for a carafe of red wine while the nasty Scottish weather blows about outside the big New Town windows.
The food is modern, hearty fare with a nice take on Scottish produce.
The menu is small but with enough choices for meat lovers and veggies alike and everything I have tasted as been delicious.
The steak is a big favourite, served simply with garlic butter, large wedge fries and a grilled tomato.
Reservations are good to make on Thursday, Friday & Saturday evenings and it is great for taking out of town visitors before heading out on the town.

A very ambivalent dining experience.
Expect awful service and decent food and you'll be fine.
If we'd gone with that expectation, we'd have given 4 stars.
However, as it was...
Overall:  2+, but not quite 3.
Food (4):  Some very good (stuffed pork belly; lemon posset); some lackluster (barley risotto, which was a bit under-cooked and simple).
Portions are large, so we were full from splitting one appetizer and one main course, though we had to try the posset as well.
Ambience (4):  Trendy.
Slap some trendy prints and a few dog photos on the walls of an old house and, presto, trendy restaurant.
Eclectic "found furniture" sort of seating, mostly wooden chairs and benches.
The tables are somewhat packed in.
Acoustics are OK, but can get pretty loud with a full house.
Service (1.5):  Reservations, but no host.
We had to go find someone, who then waived us toward a table.
Our waiter was doing a constant (unintentional?
) impersonation of James Carlin (who also would have sucked as a waiter).
He was full of snide comments for any questions about the menu.
Most things delivered to the table were practically dropped on it as he rushed past on his way to point snark at other tables.
We almost left before ordering.
He never stopped by to ask if everything was OK and generally seemed not to have time for us.
He was more civil toward the end of the meal, pulling the rating up to 1.5 stars for service.
Plus, we also decided to assume he just has one of those quasi-humorous, abrasive personalities... you know, the sort that's funny with friends, but that generally doesn't work well in a customer service job.
Yes, we all get it:  you're too cool for us and you really shouldn't have to put up with people like us.
Your abrasiveness is under-appreciated.
I understand when wait-staff are in the weeds.
We've seen many servers handle it very well (e.g., explaining up-front that they're very busy or under-staffed and apologizing for any delay or inconvenience; rushing between tables, but not at tables).
This was a different situation.
They were busy and handled it so poorly, I think the service would be just as bad on a slow night.
A table near us ordered a bottle of wine and it was brought out opened, in a wine cooling container, and plunked on the table before the server rushed away.
No checking the bottle, no opening table-side, no pouring.
Just plunk and go.
And that was a different server than ours, so the poor service doesn't seem limited to our server.
I don't think we'd go back or recommend it, though the food is pretty good and is a decent deal for the quality, especially if you share a dish.
We just don't like supporting places with such poor, arrogant service.

A hidden gem!
This place is so far from the touristy traps of the Royal Mile - it's refreshing.
The decor is quaint and the waiters a bit cheeky.
I was feeling a bit peckish whilst walking around Edinburgh and wasn't sure what I was in the mood for - so I Yelped, naturally.
This place popped up on top - I read the reviews and walked over.
I must have been early (around 7 pm) because I got a table right away.
Patrons were a mix of tourists as well as locals.
Now for food - in a word - Excellent.
I think I had some sweetbreads for appetizer, and a pork belly for main - both were fabulously prepared and hit all the umame spots on the palette.
Beer and wine selection also seems really decent.
I didn't linger - it was more of a eat and run - but the place is definitely worth hanging out at just to people watch and perhaps nibble on some desert.
A definite repeat next time I'm in Edinburgh.

I had the duck confit, which was nicely sized and delicious and was followed by the even more amazing rabbit.
It was cooked well and the meat just fell off the bone.
Really good service and excellent wine recommendation, try to Forge Mill red from South Africa.
Good space and funky ambience.i hope to go back soon to try dessert.

I love this place!
The menu is great.
Wholesome British meals, local and organic produce and sustainably sourced fish.
There was also an excellent and varied choice for vegetarians.
No mac and cheese in sight!
I had a lovely vegetarian haggis pastry christmas log and a side of ginger roasted parsnips.
I did not realise that my main dish also came with the nicest cooked root veg I have ever tasted so i was suitably stuffed and didnt even look at the puddings.
My partner had the sea bass and, as someone who normally wolfs done their food he stated that the dinner deserved to be eaten slowly.
A mighty compliment from him indeed.
We had a carafe of merlot along with our meal which was a nice option.
Just the right amount of wine to consume on a school night.
The staff were also super friendly and a nice touch was the jug of water without having to ask.
The meal was very reasonably priced for such quality.
If like me you love mans best friend then you too will also really appreciate the very cool decor.
We will be back!

Salt, salt, salt.
Everything here needed salt!
The fries were the only star dish we ordered.
Crisp and piping hot.
They had great flavor once I added a bit of salt.
Cooking 101 is how to properly season with salt!
The lamb broth was tasty once I added a bit of salt.
The chicken and tarragon pie was just okay.
I wouldn't recommend it.
I'm not sure why everyone so highly recommends this place.
I saw it highly spoken of on other trusted websites as well as yelp, but I wouldn't rave at all.
Service left a lot to be desired as well.
He was cold and almost rolled his eyes when I asked him his opinion on a dish.
Sorry, buddy, for taking up your precious time.

I'm not really sure how to feel about The Dogs.
Myself and my colleagues visited here just prior to Christmas for a little lunch.
We had three courses and although I can't fault the absolutely delicious main I had of a beef burger with red onion jam and bacon (which was STUNNING), my dessert left quite a lot to be desired.
I ordered something which doesn't seem to be on the menu any more, but was a winter berry and toffee mess with marscapone.
It was a pretty "ok" dessert, but what really brought it down was discovering that part of the packaging for the marscapone had made its way into my dessert.
The owner David was serving us and I let him know about this.
He took it back to the kitchen without saying much of anything about it and I was left to sit a bit confused about whether I was getting a fresh dessert or we'd just be comped for that one.
I had been a bit put off by that point so didn't really want a fresh dessert.
He eventually reappeared with a new dish and I felt a bit of a tit having to refuse it.
To his credit he did explain that the packing was perfectly harmless, but no one ever likes to find something they weren't expecting in their food.
We were sat in the back room of the Dogs and although there was an obvious theme running through (dogs, unsurprisingly!
) and the mismatched chairs and pews were a nice touch, the decor has seen better days.
Some might call it decor with character, but I felt it crossed the line a little into tired.
Speaking of character, the owner David's a bit of a character in himself and he may not be everyone's cup of tea as he's pretty plain spoken and can come across as stand-offish if he's serving you, but he's also one of The Dogs charms if you like a bit of banter and an honest, forthright business owner.
I probably wouldn't recommend The Dogs in a hurry, but may give them a second chance myself at some point.

Loved the decor of the place and the food was pretty good.
The hake fillet was beautifully cooked as were the ox cheeks.
The mushroom risotto however was a bit lacking in seasoning and flavor.
The restaurant consists of a large beautiful sunny dining room and then a small back room with poor lighting where all the foreigners are seated.
When we got to the restaurant there were plenty of tables available in the bright sunny area, and we also had reservations.
The host seated us in the back room with 4 other tables operated by Americans.
Later he seated a Russian couple in the room who actually complained that they wanted to sit in the other room.
The host insisted that the room was only available for people who made reservations, but in the next 30 minutes or so the room had cleared out and there were plenty of tables available.
Although the food was good, I would not recommend this place to any fellow Americans as the seating segregation left a poor taste in my mouth.

Went back to re visit The Dogs with a couple of friends and im delighted to say it it just as good as the first tme I visited.
I still love all the quirky dog cushions, pictures etc.
The meal I had wasnt the biggest ( opted for a burger and fries) but it was delicious and it is so cheap here, with a decent lunch dish for £6!
So then I had to have ice cream , which you could tell was good quality ice cream, and a glass of red.
This cool place is delight!

We found th dogs via lonely planet.
Looked like and interesting menu and they had vegetarian haggis ( we didn't wind up getting it but we went because we were curious).
First the food: just ok.
Sort of a variant on heavy, meat and potato pub food.
Satisfying and somewhat  hearty, but nothing earth shatteringly new or wonderful.
I had the pork shoulder pie- it is cooked in a small casserole dish- a stew o f pork shoulder with the standard carrots and what I think might have been butternut squash.
It came terrifyingly hot and very watery- I was expecting the broth in the pie to be more saucy.
It was rather bland, too- took lots of salt.
Really kind of an average beef stew with pork instead- wound up mixing the potato crust in and then after about 15 minutes it cooled off enough to eat and resembled stew.
Meh.
The steak was steak and ok. Standard.
Kind of expensive for flat iron steak (7a cheap cut normally).
The pea and bean soup was actually very good, we all thought.
Nicely done.
Atmosphere: we ate early (5:00) and it is a big room on the second floor with a few too many tables in it.
Bare decor, no music- one waitress and no bartender.
Kind of weird.
Ok now for the 2 stars- they really mishandled an easily better handled situation when our server (who was nice enough otherwise) knocked in to my wife's hand and caused wine to spill all over her.
No rushing to get bar towels or napkins, no apologies or offers for help- not even a visit from the owner or a formal apology (in fact, she had to ask to have her wine taken off the ticket).
No offer for a free desert- really kind oft related us like it was our fault (at least that was our perception).
It seems as if someone there can cook- I just think they need to bolster their execution.
Ok place but if you are searching for new or clever you might be let down.

