The Raj seem to always have an offer of 1983 prices.
They certainly are reasonable.
It's a nice restaurant which actually has a cinema at the back.
The windows look out over the Water of Leith and at night it's a very cosmopolitan outlook.
They do a green chicken dish which has to be seen to be believed.
I've even been there for Christmas dinner and that was smashing.

The Raj is a long established Indian restaurant and takeaway in the shore area of Leith.
I tried it out for the first time a few weeks ago after they put a menu through my door, proof that direct marketing works sometimes.
The deal was that you could order any two curries, two rice, nan, poppadoms and two beers for £16.50, this is ridiculously good value and you would be hard pushed to find anywhere else that could better it.
We drove down to collect the meal, so I was able to have a look inside the restaurant too.
It is perhaps in need of a bit of an update, but still looked like a pleasant enough place to have a meal and the view outside over the water made Leith look like Amsterdam (meaning very pretty, not full of prostitutes!).
The food was tasty and the lamb in my Gosht Hindustani was good quality and not sinewy or fatty.
Next time I fancy a curry, I'll give the Raj a ring.

I cannot sing this restaurant's praises enough.
I can truly say, hand on heart, my favourite Indian restaurant that I've ever been to - anywhere!!!
I've been here many times and have never not enjoyed or even been disappointed with any of the dishes I've eaten.
The flavours and spice combinations that explode in your mouth during each bite is spectacular - truly a pleasure.
What are you waiting for?
Go now...

This restaurant is at the Corner of my street at is a convenient  place for a little bite to eat.
Staff are nice but the price is to much for the quality you reserve.
Not the best Indian meal I have ever had.
It is a bit dated and its reputation is better than in reality.
Wouldn't tell people not to go but there are better Indian restaurants close by.

My boyfriend and I had been attempting to cut down on the number of takeaways we were eating, and had been doing so well... until last night when laziness and a desire for curry overcame us and we ordered from The Raj.
We'd not ordered before, but being Leith residents had walked by a few times and had heard of 'Curry In A Hurry' so thought we'd give it a go, and set to choosing what we wanted from the leaflet pushed through our letterbox a couple of weeks ago.
The deal advertised on the front is for two curries (chicken, lamb or veg), two rice, a naan, poppadoms and two 'free' beers for £18.95 - pretty decent.
It doesn't specifiy any further than that, but it would appear that despite ordering two chicken curries (Sag and Pasanda), two rice (albeit one of them Pilau), a naan (Peshwari) and poppadoms we obviously didn't qualify for the discount!
Perhaps our tastes in rice and naan meant we were disqualified - it would be a better idea for the leaflet (and the website, I checked) to specify what rice and naan were included... Our total was £23 (which was about 60p more than I'd calculated off the menu....).
The rice was fine, although the container wasn't completely full like most are, and the curries were decent.
The sag was nicely spicey, and my boyfriend said he'd be happy to order the pasanda again.
And most importantly to a poppadom fiend  like myself, the poppadoms were absolutely fine (is it possible to get a truly excellent poppadom?
I don't know, but you can certainly get bad ones).
I can't say anything was particularly outstanding, and it's annoying to find out when the delivery arrives that you have to pay £4 more than the advertised deal... but the food was okay and delivery was prompt (though not quite as swift as the half an hour I was told on the phone).
We may well order again, but with so many Indians to choose from we'll probably keep trying to find 'The One'.

I've been to The Raj a few times since moving to leith 5 years ago and always thought it was ok.
I went last month however and it was just a bit tired.
No one there really seems to care about the business, which saddens me as it's a lovely spot with some unique stuff about it.
The portions aren't particularly big, for the price you pay certainly, and none of the food really delighted me.
I hope things improve before long!

My local takeaway and very hit or miss!
The prices are excellent for what you get and although I've yet to have a *bad* meal from here, there is really absolutely no consistency to their offering.
I'm a pretty simple gal when it comes to my tastes with Indian food and although I'll occasionally wander off piste I more often than not order the same thing.
As such I've had a pretty good litmus test over the past year for that lack of consistency - sometimes my chicken passanda is lovely and creamy with a thick sauce that's just made for dipping naan bread in, and sometimes it's incredibly watery and soupy.
Likewise, the peshwari naan wobbles about from divine to woeful.
On a good day the inside will be beautifully coated, bright orange and so flavoursome you almost don't want to dip it in anything, whereas other times it looks like they just threw some dessicated coconut inside as an afterthought.
A lot of this seems to be down to the day of the week, with weekends having the stronger serving, but I really wish they could just nail this all week round.
Although I've ordered takeaway from the Raj, I doubt I'd ever choose to have a sit down meal there.
The decor is incredibly tired and a bit grubby.
It's not often very busy either which does bring the ambiance down a little.
It could probably do with some background music to try to perk the place up a bit.
They could also do with installing a till system.
They simply tot up your order using a menu and a calculator and I don't think I've been quoted the same price for the same meal more than once!
In summary, amazing food at weekends and a fab price, but pretty woeful otherwise.

