we were late, 50 minutes to eat before closing.
We shared a huge thin crust combo pizaa, finished off with a fine expresso, Great venue and food.
especially during the day on the pavement

I'm beginning to lose count of how many times I have walked past Made in Italy on a sunny day in Edinburghs Grass Market and thought 'Wow, that looks like a great place to go to'.
Thats because on those rare Scottish sunny days, I would forgive you for thinking you were actually in Italy - or at least thats how it felt as soon as we took the plunge and grabbed on of the quickly filling seats outside Made in Italy.
From the moment we sat down, we felt as though we were in authentic Italy - a real Italian waitress who was impossibly charming greated us and took our orders.
The food was fantastic - my pizza not only being square, but thin and crispy with a delicious topping of mozzarella and vine tomatoes - yum!
The coffee we then moved onto - we were reliably informed - was award winning, what ever that means - but it did taste damn good.
Overall, the experience was of like a small slice of Italy being placed in Edinburgh - and the weather brought with it.

Grassmarket is full of great little shops, boutiques and places to eat.
One of these is Made in Italy, which looks onto the small square in the centre of the area.
In a city that is full of Italian eateries of various kinds, it can be hard to stand out from the crowd.
So here goes with my verdict of Made in Italy.
Like Jonathan, I had walked past this place a few times before going into it.
I went in for lunch, and sampled one of their pizzas.
It was a pretty good pizza, all told, and the Grassmarket relaxed ambience merely added to the feeling of enjoyment.
Whilst it maybe doesn't compare to a Zizzi or Pizza Express, it was still very good for what it was.
I would be prepared to go back here if I was in the area; it's perhaps not the sort of place I would travel a distance to eat at.

Made in Italy offers great food and excellent service, and is in a central location for people to grab a tasty lunch or dinner as they pass through the Grassmarket.
The restaurant has a really friendly and inviting atmosphere with lots of neatly laid out, clean tables and plenty of interesting pictures and ornaments to look at around the walls.
The staff are all warm and efficient, know the menu intricately and don't harangue you as can be the norm in some places.
The menu has a great range of Italian dishes and I went for their Rigatoni Mamma Mia which had meatballs in a delicious tomato sauce.
It was served quickly and in a big, filling portion which was definitely sufficient for an evening main.
As a group we spent about £10 each altogether which we thought was an amazing deal considering how good the food was.

This quaint café in Grassmarket is best enjoyed on one of those rare sunny days!
It's one of many cafés in a row, and on days like today, where I was just there for lunch, it can feel like you're on holiday, sitting somewhere in a southern European piazza.
They serve antipasti, pasta and pizza dishes as well as paninis, desserts and ice creams!
I would definitely recommend the Veneto Panini, a fantastic dish of chicken, pesto, mozzarella and olives, which I think is priced pretty fairly.
I'm also a big fan of their ice creams.
I've had a meat calzone here, which wasn't on my top ten calzone list, but it was alright.
Great place to sit outdoors on a sunny, lazy afternoon.

Urgh, went there for a quick dinner, having read decent reviews here but despite fairly good service, the food was really not great.
I had pasta in a weak, watery tomato based sauce, my company had a fairly average lasagne.
On the plus side this place was fairly cheap but, as with most things, you get what you pay for.
Try Gusto on George Street for a superior (an more expensive!
) Italian experience.

One star for the service, rude, pushy and asked us the pay within moments of delivering food and getting the order wrong.
Food is good, but not good enough to make up for the attitude.

The food here is excellent, but it struggles sometimes when it gets busy.
Normally you don't have to wait too long, but the last time I went in (during the festival) it was absolutely rammed, and it was quite a long wait for the food.
To be fair this is because with the pizzas the dough is made fresh so takes a bit of time, but if you're in a rush then it'll be tight.
The food is excellent, I had a pizza with king prawns, garlic, onion and sun-dried tomatoes and my friend had basically every meat you could imagine.
His was amazing and mine was really good, but I was a bit disappointed by the lack of prawns (only 6 on a 12 inch pizza).
They have a range of pizzas and pastas and a create your own pizza option all at good prices.
The service is efficient and friendly and it's generally a really good eating experience.

Me and Italian Food go way back.
Pasta, pizza, med-veg, olive oil, balsamic vinegar.
I adore it.
So a cafe called "Made in Italy" should be right up my street.
It's perhaps my pre-conceived notion, but rather than the dark wooded, rickety, charm-filled cafe I expected, it's more like a large diner with metallic and black/white furnishings.
Nothing wrong with that, just not what I think of when I think of Italy.
I only had a capuccino, and had actually specifically sought the place out as I was told it served one of the best capuccino's in Edinburgh.
It was quite nice, and they did have skimmed milk available which is always good, but I wouldn't write home about it.
They did have some exciting looking coffees on the menu though that seemed very Italian and sweet and decadent.
I must go back to try those.
The food looked quite nice although not the healthiest...
But I'm on a health-kick just now so shouldn't judge based on that.
It just looked rather doughy and heavy and oily, rather than fresh.
But I guess that fills a purpose, and it did look quite authentic to the sort of food you'd find in toursity areas of Rome.
To be honest I can't see myself stopping by here everytime I'm in the mood for coffee.
It lacked the cafe charm I like (but maybe that's the Brit in me?
) The outdoor seating area in the Grassmarket will be greatly utlisied come the sunny spring days though, oh yes.

One of the slightly cheaper places on the grassmarket where you can sit outside.
We settled on this place because it had cheap food and my brother could get a beer.
But there are real good and bad points.
We had a pizza slice each, at less than £2 each these are a real bargain.
You can chose your toppings, I went for mushrooms and sun blush tomatoes, bro went for mushrooms and black olives.
The base is really quite thick and spongy, like a deep pan pizza so not for the thin crust lovers!
But it was good and filling and we scoffed them down!
Service is ok but we were told to pay before we'd even been brought our drinks which I think is pretty outrageous!
My brother challenged them on it, asking if they thought we were going to run off and she replied "it happens".
The price of his small bottle of beer was also an incredible £4.50 which we had not expected.
We were not offered fresh parmesan or black pepper and so helped ourselves.
the waiter didn't like this and gave us some filthy looks as if we were going to steal it, or maybe just his job!
I had an after dinner cappuccino and it was fine, not amazing, not awful, just average.
I think that pretty much sums this place up to be honest.

The food was okay, service was almost non existent but the prices can't be beat!
The pizzas didn't look good so I went for the veggie calzone - wasn't so bad.
They do have outdoor seating.
It can get a bit chaotic siting inside.

Their Bellini salad with grilled Chicken is one of the best salads I have tasted in Edinburgh.
It has some lovely sundried tomatoes, black olives, peppers as well as a balsamic dressing.
A friend also usually enjoys the vegetarian Calzone, excellent value at circa £5.
A great place to people watch when sitting outside in the summer with the Grassmarket Sunday market and at this time of year bands playing from the jazz festival.
One negative was that outside tables now have to pay for their meal when they order.
I presume that they had too many people leaving without paying - sad reflection of our society.
We didn't order coffee or afters as we decided to wander elsewhere.
I feel that they will ultimately lose out on the amount each person spends per meal.
Time will tell.

It was ok for a reasonably priced dinner - we had a selection of panini, pizza, and soup.
Everything was good, nothing was terribly special.
The carrot and coriander soup got the best reviews.
However, it was quiet, the service was nice, and it was warm and toasty inside.
I'm sure there is better food at Grassmarket, but everything was so crowded that it was hard to find a place to sit.

