went here today with a friend to have him try a coffee smoothies I had at another location...  totally was excited to have him try it....   womp womp.
it was horrible.
you'd think everything would taste the same even if it was at a different location.
[it is a franchise]  the recipes are provided with the franchise usually.. and with specific instructions i assume?
yeah.
no.
it was watery and had no flavor!
I guess they just weren't into it yesterday?
not into serving what their supposed to be serving?
get it together yo!
everything should be as expected!
duh!

Tropical Smoothie is Tropical Smoothies.
It's always hit or miss, always depends on who's making your drink and preparing your food.
I give it an extra star only because its dine-in is open 24 hours.

It's a smoothie place, I'm not sure what else can be said.
They take fruit, ice, and other ingredients, blend them up and make smoothies.
They have a pretty solid menu of smoothies, and a bunch of boosters, I've never been a huge fan of smoothies, but if the mood strikes Tropical Smoothie works out well

I like smoothies at 3 in the morning, so I like Tropical Smoothie.
I like the Sunrise, Sunset made with Splenda and whey protein.
Yum.

I got the Acai Berry Smoothie and I really enjoyed it.
It was perfect for a hot day before the lake.
I also ordered a sandwich that I found delicious.
The one thing that I ddi like about this place was that they are now open 24 hours.
This makes it easier when you want to eat late but don;t want that greasy fast food.
Overall, a good experience.

Acai berry boost...delicious!!!
Quick friendly service.
Open 24 hours

Always a good lunch stop...super friendly staff and nice location right off the 215.

This is my weekday lunch spot.
Smoothies are consistently good, staff is friendly, and service is fast.
The Acai Berry Boost is delicious.
Something about the smell of a smoothie place just makes you feel good.
Wish this location had a drive thru for those hot summer afternoons.

30 minutes for lunch...jump in the car and head to Tropical Smoothie Cafe 24 minutes left...Arrive at TSC and open the door - ARGH a line!
22 minutes left...wow, that line moved fast, I'm ordering!
20 minutes left...waiting with several other folks for our smoothie/wraps/etc... 18 minutes left...Got my wrap...smoothie folks still scoopin and churnin... 17 minutes left...Got my smoothie and grab a table 15 minutes left...BRAIN FREEZE - ok, slow down, eat some wrap, close eyes and wince 12 minutes left...that wrap was scrumptious (I know, who uses that word right?
) 10 minutes left...back in the car, still half a smoothie left to sip 4 minutes left...walking back into work, plenty of time, still sippin my smoothie  Gotta say, this place has very tasty and healthy treats, they are faster than you expect, and the service is great and efficient.
They've got a loyalty card, so your tenth item is free.

-1 star = Not a drive through location which sucks.
-2nd star = their food tastes are not consistent with other Tropical Smoothie Cafes.
But there is outdoor seating, and sometimes they WILL get it right.

If I could I would give 0 star.
I came in at 1:30am to get some food for my road trip.
I was really excited to try this place out.
I walked in and a girl named asiaaaaa walked out with the crappiest attitude and said what would u like?
I ordered the Thai chicken and she said what sides?
I couldn't hear her husky voice so I said I'm sorry what was the sides again?
And she repeats very slowly as I'm a child with mental issues.
See I'm fair and honest.
But if u insult me especially at a restaurant I'm gonna give u the worst attitude back.
Other wise this place looks tropical and it's close to my house but their hiring manager need to do their jobs right as in hiring the right type of people.
This isn't the type of crap service anyone deserves.

I never really know how to feel about Tropical Smoothie.
I know it has the guise of being good for you, but they do add sugar or Splenda to thir drinks.
What am I to believe?!?
I do like the smoothies and food here, but it is not a daily or even weekly hangout for me.
I like to make my own veggie smoothies and I know I do it cheaper than $5 a pop.
Food is okay, too, but again, I feel a little too much on the "healthy" side to actually be healthy.
On the day in question I ordered a smoothie with mango, strawberry, orange, and pineapple.
I wanted to put a lil rum in there and call it summertime, but I guess I will just have to wait.
Service was friendly and smoothie arrived in record time.
You win this time, Tropical Smoothie Cafe, but I'll get you one of these days.

Summer is upon us, and a smoothie is a great way to get a bit of relief from the heat.
There's plenty of Tropical Smoothie Cafe's through out the valley, but I'm not sure if they are all exactly the same.
Some details for this particular location:  Happy hour 5pm-7pm daily, second smoothie is $1.99.
Free wifi Outdoor shaded seating Open 24 hours  All of these things make for decent alternative to studying or working from your laptop at home.

I love this location!
The staff is very friendly and I love the fact that they bring the food directly to your table.
The manager is also very friendly and frequently helps his staff out and actually takes those extra little steps like: Would you like regular sugar or Splenda?
Also, would you want a stamp card?
The latter is crucial for me since I frequently come here for lunch.
Their Veggie Hummus Wrap is amazing and I am glad that they have this option in their menu.
I usually get the Island Green, its good but not amazing.
Their sandwiches are better.

i love the island green smoothie

HATE  Nothing.
DISLIKE  Some of the younger cashiers who aren't very helpful.
The salads and noodle bowls.
LIKE  The Wasabi Caesar Roast Beef sandwich.
The Early Bird wrap.
Most of the smoothies.
The tropical ingredients and supplements.
LOVE  Open 24 hours.

I always order the chocolate chiller and the Buffalo chicken wrap or the delicious chicken ceasar salad.
Didn't realize this location is 24 hours and so close to home!

One of my favorite places for lunch.
The food is always great and inexpensive.
The smoothies are all incredible.
The employees are always very polite and helpful.
Chicken cordon blue wrap is phenomenal and isn't on the menu.
Highly recommended.

This location is terrible.
I have been to multiple tropical smoothie cafés in the past and always get King Ceasar wrap, which is usually amazing.
It tasted nothing like the norm here, was much smaller and didn't even include the pickles on the side.
Don't bother coming here.

Hands down my favorite place to grab lunch for healthy wraps and smoothies.
A must try is the chicken cordon blue wrap (which isn't listed on the menu) and the Acai berry smoothie.
The staff are always extremely friendly and the service is exceptional.
Highly recommend checking out tropical smoothie for the best smoothies in town.
Enjoy.

I used to go to this location a lot a couple years ago.
I stopped going, because the workers were REALLY rude...they actually made fun of a selection that I made for my smoothie.
Yesterday, I was craving a coffee nut smoothie with dark chocolate before disc golf, so I stopped in.
Much better service.
The guy was great.
Very polite, very quick, and I got a discount because I'm an LVAC member.
(Not all locations offer this)  The  location was clean, and the only reason that there is only 3 stars, is that the tables were kind of in disarray, like they were in the middle of cleaning or rearranging and just stopped.
I'd go back again.

I stopped in here because of.... the prices.
I thought that under 5 bux for a smoothie was a great price.
The smoothie itself was fine, certainly worth the price.
A chain is a chain, but the staff was certainly helpful and willing to please.
Typical shopping mall chain ambiance, but for the price, I will be back and search others in my travels.

I enjoy the shakes but the owners of this place ruin the experience.
I believe they are two brothers that need a serious attitude change.
I mean common.. charging $5 for a ice smoothie that costs you 50 Cents aren't you making enough.
Stop being so stingy smile and be happy that you are ripping people off.
I think that shouldn't be too difficult.

Read menu closely, they deceivingly add sugar to all their smoothies using clever words on the menu to disguise it : "all 24 oz smoothies have turbinado added" should read something like: "Warning, we add sugar to all of our smoothies" WTF people!
Isn't fruit already supposed to be sweet enough?
And forget about organic, the guy behind the counter didn't even know the difference between conventionally grown and organic.
Avoid.

God can you give me a list of workers who make the drinks .
Some make it good but then 85% of the time it taste like shit and watered down

Don't buy anything from Sabrina.
She offered me a pre-made smoothies and she put it back to the fridge when I said No to her.
Plus you expect unfriendly service.
Attention to the Manager/Owner please check your camera.
It happen around 9:45pm.

Great food.
Prices are a Lil on the high side for grab and go food.
But still great.
Wraps can get soggy quick.
Order light sauce

I come here almost everyday.
I really like them because they are will to put my vitamins in the smoothie.
They also take orders my phone and have them ready within 10mins.

