I came here with my brother during Christmas time, and it just gave me butterflies to walk in!
The decorations were fantastic and the whole atmosphere was electric.
You could have been anywhere in the world!
The whole place is really cool, it's designed well and it's easy to maneuver around.
The food is good too - pretty standard really.
I had chicken noodles in sweet chilli and my brother had chicken with leeks.
He loved it, and so did I -albeit a little bit spicy.
We had a bottle of red wine with our meal, and my chocolate brownie was the best I've ever tasted!!
It all came to a grand total of £22 - we nearly choked!
Turns out there was a 2 for 1 deal we had inadvertently signed up for.
It's a lovely place and I've been back several times since and never been disappointed!

Indigo Yard has been one of the drinking staples of the West End scene for a good while, and its simple, not too over the top bar formula seems to work pretty well.
It's a good bar/restaurant to know about as it's slightly hidden away down a side street, which firstly makes it more exciting find because it feels like it's somewhere not a lot of people know about (not possible in Edinburgh), plus it's pretty big, being on two floors, so even if it is busy when you first go in, you're bound to get a seat before too long.
There is also a good bit of outdoor seating if you're lucky enough to get a day of decent weather in Scotland.
It's nice and chilled out in here, so pretentious posing is at a minimum, and through the week and on a Friday, this gets busy with the after work crowd taking advantage of the deals on wine, prosecco, cocktails and beer.
The tall ceilings and light decor make this a comfortable place to sit and banter for a while.
The restaurant serves up pretty decent food, all quite classic gastropub fare, and there are often two for one deals on the food too, so Indigo can be a good option if you're feeling thrifty, having spent all your wages in the first week you got paid...we've all done it, haven't we?
(awkward silence)

It's Sunday, the day after the night before which incorporated bizarre cocktails, far too many pre-going out amarettos and Coronas and a rock club that doubled as a time machine, transporting you backwards exactly nine or ten years.
You've got work again tomorrow and you're in for a three hour plus rail journey that afternoon.
What do you need?
AWESOME FOOD!
But what's better than awesome food?
Awesome food available on a two for one basis in a really pleasant place.
Now I'm assured that when this spot gets busy it does become far less serene and more bustling and jostling, and that tends to be during the post-office hours when the suits descend upon it like buzzards to some poor lost soul in the desert.
On this quiet Sunday, however, its tranquility was just what the doctor ordered.
I grabbed myself a goat's cheese salad and Mr M opted for the ribs.
Now, you know by now I'm not some frou-frou twee low fat type who likes a lettuce leaf and a bit of rabbit food.
I want my salads to be proper, big and substantial and meal-like, and this was indeed all of the above.
Check my photo for evidence - gargantuan hunk of crusty bread topped with a huge slab of goat's cheese, balsamic dressing with fresh cherry tomatoes and rocket... heaven.
It beat me, I couldn't even finish the thing.
And those ribs were insane, once again check the pics for visuals.
Can't argue with the portion sizes here!
The desserts look amazing too.
So, that's money-saving potential, hefty food plates, a TV with some kind of bike race on it, lovely friendly service and very nice decor?
Thumbs up all round, methinks.

Very pretty venue, overpowering perfume being pumped around (maybe for the festive period), we popped in here as part of our Xmas works night out.
Would have liked to have sample more of their hospitality, but we were ushered out in under no uncertain terms as we hadn't booked our spontaneous entry in weeks in advance (bar my addition of the word spontaneous, we were told that by the waitress).
Definitely under no uncertain terms were we welcome in there that night.
Stressed waitress who couldn't be bothered with any more festive cheer?
Possibly, but it definitely sways my decision to return.

The tucked-away atmosphere of this wee place was wonderful.
Inside, the mezzanine and old stone give it a light and open feel even though we were in at night when it was raining.
We only had drinks, although people had eaten there on other occassions and spoke highly of the meals (and when boys wax lyrical about steak, you know it's worth going back for!).
Drinks were pleasant and it just felt like a really chilled out environment, even when a group of suits seemed to form an impenetrable wall to the bar.
(They parted like the red sea when a very attractive young woman made her way to the bar!
)    Eventually, the music did become a bit too loud to be able to have a conversation without shouting but this could have been where we were sitting - the accoustics in the very open main bar area are no doubt not as kind as the other areas of the restaurant.
There was something about the courtyard, though, that just had the right atmosphere and the couches outside are a great idea.
Full points for the design aspects!
A little on the pricey side but in keeping with many of the places in the same area and with a variety of beers on tap that aren't the usual suspects.

I was here last night after my boozy Christmas lunch.
I'm not really qualified to give a review because to be honest, I don't really remember being there let alone how it was.
However I'm told that I was stood in the middle of the place trying to find my way out, very, very confused, and that was apparently quite a funny sight to see.
So for giving me a good story, I give it four stars.

Now having visited this place the last two Friday's I feel qualified to write a review.
The first visit was with a friend, we took advantage of a two course for £10 deal which was excellent value.
The seabass and cheesecake i ordered were tasty and a good size.Despite the noisy exterior,(it certainly is a booze after work kid of place0 we had a comfortable table and the talk and our conversation was not drowned out bu the music as other reviews had warned me.
The Second visit was with a group off 22 girls(a well behaved hen party).When we arrived we had booked with the intent of partaking another two course deal but sadly the one we had seen advertised two days before was no longer running and we had not been informed of this on booking.
My starter of mussels was a good size and my main of sundried tomato ravioli was enormous and defeated me easily (although we were filling up on the extensive cocktail menu..)  Service was slightly slow but given how busy the venue was and the size of our party this was only to be expected.
We were there for the live music this time which definitely kept the atmosphere going well into the evening.
Overall I would say Indigo Yard is worth visiting especially if they are running one of their promotions on food, otherwise it's quite expensive.
The staff are friendly, efficient and I would certainly return, particularly in a large group.If it's a weekend, one piece of advice , be sure and book!

I have to admit I'm not quite sure where I stand with this place!
Been undecided on two or three stars!
On one hand I enjoy it as a bar, particularly in the summer after work or on a Saturday afternoon (its predominently an 'office worker' style clientel).
The outdoor seating has been a welcome addition, allowing you to enjoy a glass of something chilled in the evening sun!
Then when it gets chilly head inside to enjoy a cocktail or two as the after work vibe picks up.. Def a good place to start on a Thurs or Fri evening!
Part of the bar is separated into a restaurant area...
This is where I've been disappointed!
Part of the Montpeliers group there are regularly deals on lunch or evening meals such as 2 for £10 which definitely pulls in custom, including me.
It's just a pity that the quality of the food can be a hit or a miss..
It's not that it's bad per se just that I wouldn't necessarily pay full price for it!
Such a shame as the menu has plenty to tempt you - my friends and I recently opted for the sirloin steak and out of four only one was cooked as requested and the chunky chips were disappointedly dry n tasteless :(

If I was just reviewing Indigo yard as a bar I would give it 4 stars for the great selection of wines, spirits and a few good beers.
If I was reviewing it for food I would give it two stars as I wouldn't want to eat there again.
As I said, the drinks are good, nice selection, cool decor in the bar, lots of professional people hanging out there after work and a nice atmosphere.
I had dinner there one night on the two courses for £10 each offer and it was really hit and miss.
My wife had an OK soup and a really nice chicken in honey mustard sauce for her main, I had a ropey spring roll and a not so great burger for my main.
The burger patty itself was OK, nothing special but well cooked, but the bun literally fell apart in my hands when I picked it up and just made a mess everywhere.
The side salad I got with it was very sparse and dry and didn't come with any dressing,  had to mix it with my wife's honey mustard sauce to make it edible.
I would go back for drinks if my friends were going, for food I'd give it a miss.

If you are wanting to have a good dining experience whilst enjoying a good drink, this place only gets it balf right.
Really good selection of wine, beers and spirits, so good for liquid refreshment, but the food is extremely underwhelming.
I ate here once with my husband and we really felt that we had wasted our money eating here.
The food was pretty tasteless, salad with no dressing, bland soup, a meal deal from the supermarket would have been nicer.

Third visit to the Indigo Yard.
Well a few couple a months since the last.
I never had a meal here (yet) but the ambiance is second to none!
It is like being outdoors indoors.
Dim lighting and a lot of wood.
Stone floor with red brick walls.
I feel like I am in a courtyard with a balcony overlooking the place below.
If you can just imagine a Mediterranean restaurant on the beach.
It is close to dusk.
Low candlelight and stars overlook the place.
You sit in one of the corner sofas.
And a low funky beat is playing in the background.
You order a beer which is served promptly and the waitress asks if you are comfortable.
Oh yes!
Very!
That is what it feels like.
On top of that you have free wifi and delicious bar snacks.
What I do find funny is that the bar is ever so slightly higher than you usual get.
It makes you feel like a small child asking for sweets at a counter.
However in this case I was asking for beer.
Yes they have Asahi on draft!
One drawback though.
The place is expensive.
Oh yes!
Very!
That is the reason I don't visit so often.
I would like to, but it does break the bank after 3 pints!
The aforementioned Asahi is £4.60  I will come back - just to feel good.
Would I stay a whole night?
No.
3 stars due to the prices.

Ah, Indigo.
In difficult times for businesses everywhere, Indigo has been a sturdy shelter from the storm, a constant go-to in the west end of Edinburgh for bustling food and evening-time drinks or a cheeky swift coffee or longer lunch during the day.
Indigo Yard doesn't move with what's fashionable - I don't think it needs to.
Once you've found a certain way of doing things that works, and has consistently worked, then that's it, you become a longstanding feature that people will keep coming back to.
I'm not sure how many years Indigo has been open...over ten years anyway?
But yes, there's really only a simple point to be made here - if you're in the west end with not a lot of time, and decisions to be made over getting that big glass of white wine you've been dreaming of all day alongside decent bar food that'll hit the spot, Indigo will be there for you, and you'll get the buzzing atmosphere thrown in too.

Indigo Yard was one of the first bars I visited in my adult days in Edinburgh.
I came here for a friend's birthday party with a large group, and we were seated on the balcony area upstairs.
I returned, 7 years later, last week for another large birthday party, on the same balcony.
Not much has changed, at all.
That's good; as the interior is beautiful, the staff are friendly, and the food perfectly acceptable.
It perhaps just lacks a little personal character, for me.
But they made me a mean margarita, and bramble, and it is a beautiful surrounding in which to enjoy these.
They have a 'two courses for £10' dinner option (which is run across the other Monteith Bars too.
You'll notice it in Monteiths in Bruntsfield too).
The food was fine.
Burger and fries quite tasty.
The goats cheese 'pate' was a bit odd.
It just tasted like watered down regular goats cheese.
But the whole meal was nice.
And like I said, the margarita was goooood.
If I'm in the area, I would defintiely pop in for another drink (margarita).
And it'd be a great time for lunch too.

having only been here for a quick drink once before, i was quite looking forward to going on a work night out this past friday.
Indigo Yard is quite a cool place and clearly a spot for a post work friday night drink.
it's a big open space (atrium like) with brick walls and a sort of industrial chic look.
there is a mezzaine area with tables for those sitting to for a meal but also a back room for diners as well.
on arriving, i joined my co-workers at a table near the entrance for a drink before a couple of us sat down for dinner.
we seemed to have come on a great night as an Edinburgh Gin rep was there passing out free samples of their gins.
so massive thumbs up from me as Edinburgh Gin is a serious favourite for me, especially the raspberry and the elderflower varieties!
they also have a spiced orange coming out :)  after a drink, 7 of us sat down to eat in the back room and the menu looked good.
they offer a fabulous deal of 2 courses for £10 all week, with a good selection of items from their main menu.
we all went for the deal as it was too good to pass up and i had a chicken caesar salad to start with followed by salomn teriyaki over noodles.
the salad was quite tasty, but rather simple so hard to judge the place on just that.
however, my salmon was also quite nice and a reasonable portion (not too big or too small).
oddly enough even though the menu said it came over noodles the salmon was served over rice.
which was fine, but not sure why the menu was wrong....  back to the bar for some more drinks after our meal which included music from a live band playing popular songs.
it set quite a nice vibe and i have to say i really enjoyed my night here.
but i can't give this place four stars, the drinks are so expensive!!!
i got a double gin and tonic at one point at it was £8.80!!
i was a bit stunned as this seemed quite high, but all of their cocktails also come in at or above the £8 price tag.
a spirit and mixer is around £5 as well, so definitely nothing cheap here!
so sadly while i really enjoyed this place and will be back, i'll need to save up my pennies for a bit first as my bank account is feeling rather low after my night out....

Went here for lunch recently with friends and really liked the atmosphere and decor.
We were sat in a comfortable booth and mostly chose things from the offer on the menu (I think it might have been 2 mains for £10).
Nik and I shared a starter as I was intrigued to try the wild mushrooms on sun-dried tomato toast.
This was very nice but I was a bit disappointed as the toast we received was actually just rustic wholemeal (although still tasty).
We both had the burger as our main course and they were delicious!
Well cooked, nicely seasoned and juicy but with crispy edges.
I also liked the accompaniments and drinks we chose.
I had a blueberry smoothie and fizzy water.
I loved the glasses they were served in too!
Dessert was a bit more of a let down.
We all ordered hot chocolates as they sounded amazing (made with melted chocolate, not powder) and we all chose the double chocolate one rather than the more unusual rose & black pepper or lemongrass & white chocolate.
We also paid the extra for macarons on the side (even me as I wanted to take them home) and I ordered the mulled cherry rice pudding as it sounded too good to miss!
My rice pud came first, served in a kilner jar it was nice and hot and very tasty.
The cherries were lovely with a hint of spices and just enough tartness against the sweet, creamy rice pud.
Unfortunately our hot chocolates took ages to arrive and some of them were barely warm when they did come.
I'd already finished my pudding and our macarons were served first so we had waited patiently only to be disappointed.
The other weird thing was that we all agreed they tasted spicy - like chilli chocolate.
When I questioned our waitress about this she asked the guy who'd made them and we saw his incredulous reaction as he exclaimed "Chilli?!?
"  Apparently, they were just plain chocolate but since all four of us tasted a kick, we have no idea where that came from.
I'm glad it wasn't just me going mad!
Our first server was much more efficient and capable than our second.
The macaron flavours we all chose were quite mixed up and some had to be changed as she'd forgotten what we asked for.
She seemed a bit confused at times and we were worried about asking about the hot chocolates.
I sent mine back as I wasn't enjoying it, even if I was given another hot one I wouldn't have liked it.
Given the time we'd spent waiting, I didn't want to order another hot drink as everyone would be waiting and as I said, I'd already finished my pudding.
She was quite insistent that she could bring me another but eventually accepted that I really didn't want one.
My hot chocolate was taken off the bill and I was allowed to keep my macarons so that did make up for some of the disappointment.
Overall, it was good value for money.
Lara's starters (she had 2 starters instead of a main) were particularly good value as the portions were huge and looked delicious!
I would go back again as the issues I've mentioned above were only minor and we did enjoy the food.

Wow I can't believe I'd never been to Indigo Yard before!
Such a cool place and the cocktails are brilliant!!!

