Great hidden gem on Broughton street.
Cool without being overly trendy and definately benefitting from its recent refit which added a bit more space without overhauling the look and feel of the bar.
The food here is fantastic for the price.
try the roast chicken salad.
It takes a little longer to prepare but it's well worth the wait.
The also do an impressive range of tequilas.

Funky bar where the staff wear loud Hawaiian shirts.
It's in a basement (oh, yes) and so it can get very hot in the summer, and it gets extremely busy too, but the service is good.
It has a huge brightly painted mural with characters who I guess are based on some of the regulars there.
It's pretty central, so if you've a loose couple of hours to spare before going to The Playhouse, it's well worth a visit.

one of my favorite bar/restaurants around- great laid back vibe,good mix of people, and refreshingly not studenty or too many yuppies.
the food is excellent and not too pricey and there is a small, though down the stairs, outside area with heating lamps- for smokers and having a drink outside.
the furniture is cool, service great- many hot bartenders.
loses a star for requiring said bartenders to wear hawaiian shirts

The Basement is brilliant little bar/restaurant situated in (you guessed it...) a basement at the top of Edinburgh's trendy Broughton Street.
The bar has an extensive range of drinks on offer: wine, beer, spirit and cocktail drinkers are all comfortably catered for.
One of the reasons why I rate this place so highly is that it's one of very few bars to have my favourite beer, Bacchus Framboise, on draught.
It's a lovely Belgian fruit beer with a subtle taste of raspberries served in an ice cold glass, I can't recommended it enough!
If you're feeling in the mood for tequila, ask for a 'donkey' (the bar man will know what you're on about) it comes served with a slice of orange and it's meant to be sipped and enjoyed like a malt whisky, they have been known to be knocked back as well though!
The restaurant isn't the largest of spaces and the tables are quite close together, however this just adds to the sense of intimacy.
The menu comprises of a decent selection of starters/light bites and more substantial mains.
Everything is freshly prepared and the food ranges from traditional pub grub with a bit of a twist (merlot and rump pie or Grolsch battered sea bass) to classic Mexican dishes like burritos and nachos.
The dessert menu is quite short, but the Banoffee pie is phenomenal and they do a selection of dessert based cocktails.
Food is served from 12pm until 10.30pm, seven days a week and you can book a table via the website.

Don't let the Hawaiian shirts fool you, this basement situated bar and restaurant is actually a Mexican themed establishment...I think?
Well, whatever, I like the mix of banter and general good vibes you receive from this bar when you head down the stairs, and what I did approve of was that it was quite dark, but had just the right level of soft, glowing lighting, which is always flattering, and makes everyone look hot.
(Note: Good for a successful date, as you don't have to worry about the horror of bright lights showing up any facial imperfections).
Anyway, I felt instantly chilled out and relaxed in here, like it was where I'd been hanging out for years, when in fact this was only the third time I'd thought of visiting The Basement in however many years of living in Edinburgh.
Shame on me for being foolish and wasting my time in the same old, tired joints, because The Basement is ace.
There's definitely an earthy, Aztec feel going on with the walls, quite like having a party in a cosy cave, and there's one of those neon beer bottle signs hanging up at the window, which I always approve of.
There's also what looks like a couple of dentist's chairs from some kind of horror film, with a sort of steel spine that winds backwards, teamed with a table with a similar chain, tread idea going on underneath it.
That was what our little group identified it as anyway, pretty much like some kind of art exhibit you can have drinks on, very cool.
Food was tasty too, my friend enjoyed his generous portion of steak and mashed potato, while I shared the simple but stomach pleasing nachos, cheese, salsa, jalapenos and sour cream dish.
I'll definitely be coming back on a non-school night, when I can be more debaucherous and sample one of the tequilas or Mexican beers on offer.

The Basement Bar is like a schizophrenic restaurateur: it just can't decide what it wants to be.
You'll find Mexican dishes, pub grub esque steaks, posh eatery style monkfish wrapped in bacon all served in Hawaiian shirt clad waiters.
Somehow, even amongst this incomprehensible style, the Basement manages to be somewhere you can identify and relate to: it has a particular quirky style and serves decent food to match.
The mojitos here are great too alongside an admittedly deadly Breakfast Margherita (tequila, grapefruit and marmalade)  and complement an all round enjoyable dining experience.
Nothing too pricey here too, a few drinks and a tasty main course should set you back under £17.
Yet another Broughton St showpiece.

It's probably a good thing I don't live massively close to this place, otherwise I'd end up spending far too much money and time here.
I'm a sucker for tex-mex food, for starters, and the fact that they sell alcohol too is just an added bonus.
This place reminds me of Under The Stairs on the edge of the Grassmarket, but with a more latino feel to it.
That said, the food here isn't cheap.
As cool as this underground bar-eaterie may be, if I'm going to pay just under £10 for a main course I could go to loads of other more upmarket places; for a gatropub-style basement place it does seem a little steep.
But, there's always a really nice relaxed atmosphere to this place, thanks to its largely twentysomething clientele, and that's something that you can't guarantee in a lot of other places.
Prices aside, I love this place.

Hidden away under the hustle and bustle of Broughton Street, another of Edinburgh's hidden treasures.
It is a bar and restaurant, brilliantly retro and modern at the same time (paradoxically it works), found underground just in the nice area of Leith.
The bar is a combination of traditional pub, serving a good range of beers, and then a more trendy wine bar, with some unusual cocktails being proffered.
The restaurant is great as well, but make sure you book, as it is tiny so fills up really quickly.
There is tasty seafood on offer for the starters and the steaks, especially the rump are the best on the menu for the main courses.
These come with a nice addition of hand cut herby chips and veg.
Again for main courses the fish is also a wise choice, to be honest you won't be disappointed with much on the menu.
The prices are pretty reasonable and they do a lunch menu for £7.95.
If you can get past the hideous shirts worn by the waiters then this is an often overlooked gem in the centre of town

This a great little place to eat.
It's underground, but it's now pretty well known, regularly voted as one of Edinburgh's best eats and it's not hard to see why.
The service is really great - really friendly and chatty but also efficient.
And the food was fantastic.
I had a spicy pumpkin soup, which was nutty and earthy with hints of chilli and nutmeg.
Really tasty.
And really cheap too.
They also do cocktails and bad shirts.
But we'll overlook the bad shirts because the rest of it is so great.
It is a popular spot, so the restaurant tends to fill up very quickly, but it's a pretty good spot just to go for a drink.

Went to this place with a small group of family based on recommendations from Yelp.
Was spot on to be honest.
The place looks a bit plain, but the food was great and the range of drinks reasonable.
I would recommend this as a good bar to start the night or meet for a drink and some food after work.
Would definitely visit again!

What a nice surprise The Basement was.
I'm fast beginning to become a regular on Broughton Street for all its awesome bars, restaurants, bistros, pubs and coffee shops (see my Best of Broughton list!
) and The Basement only makes this fondness increase.
It doesn't seem like much on the outside, and inside it's quite homely and not too 'stylish' in any particular way.
Warm, darkly lit, and pleasant.
Not one for the Ladies Who Lunch or Friday night cocktail drinkers.
Instead, it's great for a good meal with friends, an after-work pint or three, somewhere for good food, good chat - yep, it's good!
The menu changes every day during the week, and at weekends there's more focus on mexican - YES!
I love Mexican.
Sadly, the boy doesn't.
So a few times I've had a craving for a burrito and had to skip the Mexican restaurants.
But here there's mexican AND other food.
This makes me very happy.
Although on this occasion I stuck with the chicken tempura starter, whilst he had the soup.
For a starter the portion was very generous!
I was quite full after.
And the girl next to us ordered bruschetta to start and it was also very hefty.
For £4 I felt quite satisfied, and would happily eat one of their starters-instead-of-main again.
The mains, however, did look and sound delicious.
I'll be back to sample the burritos for sure.
The only thing, ONLY thing, I don't get - the shirts.
Why?!
Oversized hawaiian shirts in 80stastic colours.
It didn't affect my experience at all, but did puzzle me slightly!
The waiting themselves were lovely, friendly, and felt genuinely welcoming.
Despite the shirts.
Props to them.
So, I really really liked Basement.
It lacked all the pretention and pomp of its neighbours on George Street, the food was DAMN tasty, and its on my beloved Broughton.
Methinks an afternoon burger followed by a coffee is next on the cards...

I don't quite get the allure of this place.
I've been a few times, sometimes for drinks and sometimes for food, and each time I do, it's because I've forgotten that I just don't really like it here.
First, the food.
It's not bad, by any tastes, but it's not brilliant.
I'm a tough judge here because it serves Mexican food and I'm a Californian who grew up on the kind of burritos you dream about when you're away from them for too long.
Ok, that's a bit of an exaggeration and kind of makes me sound like a total weirdo but the point is that I have VERY high standards for Mexican food and the Basement has never really reached them.
I do recall ordering nachos here which went down a treat and which I would definitely give another chance if I found myself back here again.
The atmosphere is what just doesn't really sit with me.
It's dark, usually quite busy which makes getting to the bar a major pain, and generally feels unwelcoming.
I think this is just not my kind of bar - it's somewhere between a pub and a bar, I think, and I'm more of a laid back pub girl.
I don't like to have to fight my way to the bar or yell above the crowds.
I imagine this place would be much better mid week or if you were sure to have a table, but it's just not anywhere I would choose to go.

So good, we had to go back twice while there on a long weekend (which I am ashamed to say).
Good selection of beer, reasonable amount of seating and good crowd.

The Basement is one of my favourite Edinburgh gastro-pubs.
The food has always been consistently good and the atmosphere relaxed and friendly.
On my latest visit I had the fish pie with boiled potatoes and salad followed by one of the best sticky toffee puddings I've ever had.
The fish pie was a very generous portion and came in at around £8.50.
Packed full of salmon and topped with mashed potato, it filled a large hole and was delicious.
The sticky toffee pudding was the size of a doorstop and drowned in pouring cream.
YUM.
Other good bets on the menu are the burrito and steak pie.
I've had the burrito and it's fab; the steak pie looks amazing too.
Highly recommended for an affordable meal, with an extensive drinks' menu to boot.
Staff are decked out in Hawaiian shirts and are chatty and great for food recommendations.
There's also a bar which is frequently packed.
I've only really eaten in the restaurant but it gets two thumbs up.
All in all, well worth a visit.
Go go go!

I first visited the Basement as a wee young thing back in 1996 when I first moved to Edinburgh.
I still try to visit every time I am back in town.
It's comforting how little it has changed in all that time: same dim, cosy atmosphere; comfort grub; good selection of drinks, and the staff still have to wear those garish aloha shirts.
Never change, Basement.
I'll always love you.

Totally dont uunderstand this place........at all....!
Are you a Mexican restaurant....are you a pub......what are you?
The food is ok - the wine is questionable for the price - ther service is ok.  Its just a bit pointless - great location going to waste in my opinion.

This was a dissapointment - we have visited here several timesover the last 3-4 years and it has indeed hardly changed - shame.
I would've liked the see this bar maturing a bit.
Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the atmosphere and the weird corners nooks and crannies, I can even get the dim light (I think) but the restaurant part has always been a mystery (like its food) you never know what you may get / is available to order - what you do get is good cooked food - simple, harty fair.
No wasted green garnishes.
The mismatched cutlery is fun for the first time, cute-adorable even.
But it is difficult to take them serious as a restaurant.
- More a .. mm.. toko?
Liking to a Mexican Road Cafe.
My next visit will be just for the bar.

Place is OK but I have to be honest I'm not gastro-pub's fan.
Drinking a beer and smell of burgers all of the time, it isn't perfect match for me.... but if you like...

Funky lower level bar with decor that looks like it might've been the brainchild of H.R.
Giger, but in reality is made of Caterpillar treads and the like.
Not the most comfortable, but definitely good conversation starters!
Nice barstaff, decent prices, and a very good drinks selection.
We had some nibbles as well and they were quite tasty.
I'd certainly head back on one of our many trips to Edinburgh.

Another place having a laugh at £4.50 a pint.
Not a bad change decor-wise though, apart from the unsightly breeze block-supported table.

Popped in for an impromptu dinner.
Fab friendly service & delicious food at a great price.
This was my second or third visit in the last few months and I think I've tried/tasted most of the menu.
There's nothing there I don't like.
Good food at a good price.

i'd not been to the basement in over two years, so when drinks were planned and this was the place suggested i was curious to check it out again.
what i had been told was that it had finally been re-furbished so i was interested to see how it had changed and if it finally got the face lift it so desperately needed!!
how i remember the basement is a fairly good space, one half for dining and one half for drinks at the bar but very dark and very very loud.
on walking in on thursday night the first thing i noticed was how light it was!
complete change from before and all the furniture was brightly coloured as well which really gave the place a nice feel.
the bar area felt more spacious than before (that might be because i could see it better...) and there is even a small side room with space for about a dozen people that adds to the space.
i'm not sure if they did something to deal with the noise, but sitting in the small side room i definitely felt like this place wasn't as loud as it used to be.
so that's also a positive!
i'm not sure what the food menu is like as i was only there for drinks, but the drinks menu looks good.
they have a good choice of cocktails, with a focus on tequila based ones and a decent variety of beers.
the wine list is ok, a bit small for my liking but enough choice that i still found a red i wanted.
since i only had red wine i'm leaving my rating for the basement a bit on the low side until i go back to try out the food.
but from what i saw the other night this place definitely looks improved and hopefully my rating will go up once i've had a meal there :)

Great Mexican food!
Lunchtime was quiet so go at that time if you don't like it too busy.
Drinks were great and the service was too.
Sarah is lovely!

