This is a decent pub but no longer a brewery and has not been one for years.
The atmosphere is light and there are fun local facts and pictures posted around (extra star).
The location is split into two sections with a restaurant above and a pub below.
That said, BEWARE their food or at least AVOID the fish and chips.
I ordered a Bass ale with fish and chips to chase it down.
The chips were not memorable.
The fish, however, was...in a bad way.
It was sweet!
Sweet, battered fish.
Previously, I couldn't have imagined such gustatory torture.
Then I ordered fish and chips and was served what amounted to a FISH DONUT, with chips, and peas sloshing about.
#FAIL.

After strolling rose street looking for some food on a saturday night and trying to avoid hen and stag partys we came across this place.
Went straight upstairs to the restaurant and got seated straight away.
The room wasnt crowded with tables and noise but full.
The service was very good and food was also very good.
We had three courses and where not rushed during the meal to vacate the table to get more in, although several people arrived wanting a table.
As a one night visitor to Edinburgh and looking for a place to eat and drink, I would recomend this.
Free wifi with the password on a chalkboard.
Resonable price for both food and drink.

This places looks like a charming pub which ought to be able to do good pub lunches.
Wrong.
We waited over an hour for limp, soggy sandwiches and when we asked the barmaid how long our food would be she barked at us that the kitchen was busy.
That may be all well and true but in what kind of professional establishment does it take an hour to rustle up three sandwiches?
As this is the case I may go as far as to quote Home Alone 2 and ask "what kind of idiots do you have working here?
" Only the finest clearly.
The staff are rude and unhelpful, the food not worth the wait and therefore overpriced.
Save your money and go to Marks and Spencer and pick up a sandwich, it will be miles better.

Rose Street pubs in general are mostly quite similar.
Unlike the noveau riche trashiness of George Street nearby, they almost always play up to the traditional, village High Street feel that permeates Rose Street itself.
This doesn't always work, as traditional style pubs tend to be at their best when it's a steady band of local characters who come through the door, which isn't always likely in an area where no-one actually lives.
It's alright, but feels a bit bland and somewhat of a non-event.
The crowd of rowdy, incredibly drunk middle agers didn't exactly add to the atmosphere.

I love this wee place.
Edinburgh has done well to preserve the old school pubs in the city centre so that they can be enjoyed by new generations.
The Rose St Brewery is very quaint, the upstairs lounge is my favourite part of the pub.
Carpeted floors and old pictures of the city line the walls.
A plaque boasts it as being the Pub of The Year in 1985.
I popped in for lunch here and ordered a goats cheese salad - very unlike me as I'm a huge carnivore, however it sounded light and refreshing on the menu, and light and refreshing it was.
It came with two huge chunks of goats cheese on a bed of mix salad leaves and seasonal veg with a light dressing.
With a nice Guinness this it hit the spot perfectly.
Staff could have been a bit more attentive, though I doubt they get much training.
Nevertheless it is a boozer, so expect nothing more!
Kudos Rose St Brewery, and don't ever change!

The Rose Street Brewery is yet another pub on the pub central Rose Street.
Situated in Rose Street, the Rose Street Brewery is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.
I have only been to this pub once, and if I am brutally honest, I wouldn't really want to go back.
Its not that there is anything particularly wrong with it, but nor is there is there anything right with it either.
Rose Street Brewery is pretty bland and characterless, and it indistinguishable from most of the other pubs in the city.
This pub serves the usual selection of beers, ciders, wines and the standard range of spirits and the drinks are priced pretty competitively with a large glass of the house wine costing less than £5.
Food is also served here and there is a pretty good selection of meals on their menu including steak, pies and fish and chips which are also well priced.
Rose Street Brewery is a pretty characterless pub and there are plenty of other pubs in Edinburgh with more about them.

Nice bar, friendly service, beer exactly wat the right temperature, free WiFi

I should have read the reviews.
But I saw 3 stars, 'A-OK' and thought this'll do for a quick pub lunch with the boyfriend.
Oh, how I was wrong.
Décor wise, the Rose St Brewery is lovely.
Drinks, service, all fine.
Food?
Don't.
Don't bother.
I ordered the steak pie, and when it arrived I lifted up the pastry lid to reveal about 4 tiny bits of meat and two even smaller pieces of carrot sitting in a puddle of gravy.
And I was going to be charged nearly £8 for what amounted to some pastry and mash, and very little else?
Eh, no thanks!
So I sent it back, cancelling the replacement as by this time I needed to head back to work.
The only reason I'm not giving it 1 star (because really that 'pie', if you can call it that, should never have been served), is that my boyfriend's bangers and mash were alright - but nothing more than that.

Its just an OK bar.
Just hit me with £3.75 a pint, so so for the centre of town.
Well here I am on a bleak midwinter tale, oops where did that come from?
Here I am on monday 27th January @ 13:47.
Myself and another couple in.
It been a sort of once a week place to drop in.
The staff today are friendly enough.
They do meals upstairs, I think at night time.
Its always busy in the summer months with tourists grabbing the outside seating area.
Today seats damp and vacated outside.
I wouldn't say its my favourite pub, but an OK place to pop in after shopping in town.
Ahh well, time to move on.
Finish my pint.
Hey ho away to go!

Neat little place, but boy were they packed.
Food was ok - not out of this world; drink was good.
Not outstanding, but a nice place to stop.

