We walked into Creelers late evening on Easter Sunday because it was one of the few restaurants in the area still serving food at that hour.
The place has a tiny, cozy bistro-ish feel to it which was nice.
The prices are pretty expensive, though; but to be fair the more expensive entrees appeared to be more complex.
I got the pate (which is a starter on the menu) and a side of ratatouille, which came out to about 10 pounds total.
The pate and ratatouille were really delicious, but tiny in portion.
Luckily, I wasn't that hungry.
For the food and price, I'd say it was an average experience.

I was a bit nervous of Creelers when I first went for dinner - it had been recommended to me by my mother following a 'lovely' date, and as such I didn't know whether to expect something really traditional (mum's favourites) or something really trendy (mum likes to think she's trendy).
Turns out it was a perfect combination of the two.
The restaurant atmosphere was very warm and very welcoming, although it was a bitty too quiet for my liking.
The staff were super attentive and were really lovely...if anything, they were too nice, but could be due to the fact that they had nobody else to see to.
Overall, however, I was shocked by the prices - tres expensivo.
The main courses were all about £18.
Unfortunately, unlike my mum I wasn't on a date and so therefore I had to pay for my own (grudgingly)  and really felt the pinch.
However, the food was delicious.
I had smoked haddock with scallops and mussels in a creamy garlic sauce and can highly recommend it.
Annoyingly you have to order sides with every course, but it is super yummy.
It is nice to go to Creelers for a special occasion, a nice meal for an anniversary or something, but not for your average night.
I don't think I'll be going back for a while, just because it's so expensive - but I'll be going back.

I love seafood, so it was always unlikely that I wasn't going to like this place (it's not the only thing they serve, but it's certainly takes up a fair chunk of the menu).
I have to say though, and this is why I'm not giving it 4 stars, it was way more expensive than it should have been.
Monkfish wrapped in some form of pancetta or parma ham-esque meat isn't exactly hard to come across in restaurants at the minute, which does make you wonder why they can justify charging just under £19 for it.
Don't get me wrong, the food was nice and the service wasn't bad, but if I were paying the bill I'd have enjoyed it a lot less.
Especially when Le Sept next door offers equally nice food for much better value for money.

If you're a seafood enthusiast, then get along to Creelers for a taste of some super fresh, really, really decent dishes.
I came along here at festival time in August, so the place was buzzing, being right on the main strip of Fringe revelry.
All the fish here is obviously very carefully sourced and of high quality, as one of the owners of Creelers is a fisherman, who brings seafood fresh to the restaurant on a daily basis.
The inside of Creelers has that clean, polished surfaces and not too fussy look to it that I think always looks great in seafood restaurants.
The dishes served here are classic and not extravagantly complicated, but it's classic done very well, with the chargrilled fillet of Loch Duart salmon and the fresh mussels with white wine, shallots and parsley being firm favourites for me.
There are also meat options, and dishes with a bit of a twist to them, like the spiced seafood laksa and jasmine rice.

I'm a big fan of sea food - so to me, a sea food restaurant which is partly owned by a fisherman is a bit like discovering that your local sweet shop is owned by Willy Wonka.
The food here is classy and modern without being pretensious or over the top.
The dishes are all well thought out and taste amazing.
Subtle flavours and big hearty portions are the order of the day here.
However, I find that this place is rather expensive - and while I know all thier fish is fresh and local, I just dont want to pay close to £20 for a fish in sauce.
Regardless of that, I still highly rate this place.

Came in for lunch.
Got seabass with asparagus and potatoes, and an appetizer of mussels.
I was quite satisfied.
I didn't think it cost too much money for what I was getting (£10, but I'm American, so I don't really know what to epect).
Ale selection wasn't bad either.

Some people say that this place is a tad too expensive, but I feel that you get what you pay for here.
The fish is so incredibly fresh, and their ethos is fantastic.
They get their catches in fresh throughout the week, and use bycatches frequently in order to save out on food waste and to keep their menus interesting.
I enjoyed the scallop dish, with mussels and a smoked haddock cream sauce (lookie here!
: http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/en5sEOLjz9RJAkW3TKFlEw#6wiaPJY7QijTnbw_MlF92g) .
It.
Was.
Fantastic.
I highly recommend ordering it when you're in!
The service here is really great too, and the owners are very kind and great at giving recommendations.
I will be returning here the next chance I get!

This place is right next to the Ibis hotel.
I thought the food was excellent and so did the hubs.
I had a smoked salmon salad-so good.
We enjoyed everything, from the appetizer to the desert.
We actually had wanted to have dinner there again the next night but when we walked up it was closed.
Sad face.

