Me and my mate, after a few pubs were feeling in the mood for good curry.
My friend (who generally, is an expert on these things) said we should come here, to Indian Mela - and I quote 'For free stuff and great curry'.
So thats where we ended up - in Indian Mela about 20 mins before it was due to close.
The restaurant itself is small and a bit basic, but there were a few people still in it, enjoying the generally relaxed feeling and friendly staff.
We however, we there for the take away side of the business, and as we ordered from the huge menu of traditional and slightly more modern and adventurous sounding dishes - I was shock to hear the lovely member of staff asking us if we wanted complimentary popadoms and dips.
So of course we took them, and sat at a table eating free food (as promised) and chatting to the staff.
When our food arrived (a bit too quickly for my liking), I was again suprised - not only were the portions huge and smelt great - I had a free lot of onion bhaji's in there as well, just as a free gift.
Simply amazing.
The food itself was beautiful, full of flavour and with good quality meat and sauce - and the free things seemed to just make the meal even better.
Although to be honest, even if Indian Mela hadnt been so generous I would be giving this place 5 stars - the staff are super nice, the food is like nothing I have ever tasted before and the overall price was cheap.
Really great.

Although Indian Mela doesn't look much from the outside, it is little gem of a place.
It is cosy inside the restaurant with a charming and authentic Indian atmosphere.
The menu at Indian Mela offers a huge selection of dishes which are reasonably priced at about eight pounds for a main meal.
They have a very substantial vegetarian menu with lots of choice and I was very pleasantly surprised with the portion sizes - they were huge so you definitely get what you pay for.
I had the Butter Chicken which was delicious and full of flavour.
The food here also isn't swimming in oil which you frequently find in dishes cooked in other Indian restaurants.
The staff at Indian Mela are incredibly friendly and chatty and the food is freshly prepared and is cooked very quickly.
You are able to book a table online or order a takeaway via phone.
I ordered my food to takeaway and received free popadoms which were an added bonus.
I will certainly be going back again soon.

Indian Mela definitely seem to be one of the forgotten Indian restaurants of Edinburgh.
This is undeserved.
Located on the competitive South Clerk St. Indian Mela should be one of your Indian regulars.
The menu is pretty extensive, which isn't always a good thing as it can mean a lot of unfresh, pre-prepared dishes.
However everything I've tried at Indian Mela has been good quality.
As well as a lot of classic dishes you will find in other British Indian restaurant, there is a decent selection of specialities and in particular a good vegetarian selection.
I recommend the Sag Panir!
Prices do range, but expect to pay between £7 and £10 for a main meal.
Portions are decent.
The staff are also friendly and at times quite chatty.
A great little Indian restaurant that deserves to be better known.

Indian Mela is an excellent restaurant in the Newington area which serves delicious food at reasonable prices.
After eating here a few weeks ago with some friends I really couldn't fault it at all.
The service was friendly, open and fast whilst the quaint decor made us feel at home.
The menu has a good range of authentic Indian dishes and most main meals cost about £7.50.
I went for the Murgh Tikka starter which was tender pieces of chicken in a spicy marinade, only cost £3.
I then had the chicken Biryani which was probably one of the tastiest curries I've ever had.
The food is all served in filling portions, making Indian Mela well worth a look for a decent, well priced meal.

great place, best curry in edinburgh and i've been around!
the owner is a lovely guy who always asks advice on how to get customers in- the place is always empty which is a great shame.
go there, you won't be disappointed.

