Does anyone know what Starbucks put in their frappuccinos?
I know there's milk, ice, flavoured syrup and espresso but I'm pretty sure there must be another mystery ingredient.
After all, the people that drink them can't seem to go a single day without drinking one.
I know a handful of folk that always seem to have just finished a cup or are on their way to get their next.
Of course, it could just be that their Mocha, Caramel, Lemon or Mango and Passion Fruit Frappuccinos taste heavenly but I suspect they're sprinkling something special in there.
Since 9 of the 10 people in this branch were sipping one when I visited I know something's up.
The question is, what?
Iced crack?
Crystallised sugar?
Pure caramel and Columbian espresso?
Who knows, my friends?

Me and Starbucks have a love/hate relationship.
I love that they can have such a wide variety of flavours to add to your coffee to spice it up a little.......
But I hate that these yummy sweet syrupy things, that must be mega addictive, are being added to mediocre coffee.
I love that they have a good selection of sandwiches, and they now have little salad boxes which look good too.....
But I hate how awful the cakes are.
I cannot express this in any other way, I have NEVER had a good one.
I love that they have christmassy cups and drinks in November, any excuse for me to get the festive spirit....
But I hate that every time Christmas drinks magically appear the place seems to just be chockablock- ALL the time!!
So basically, pass me another Toffee Nut Latte, and that will be all.

Yes, I go to Starbucks.
And yes, I occasinally drink their filter coffee.
Normally, though I have their tea (the English blend is *actually* really nice) and some of their mixed fruit and nuts.
Occasionally I'll order one of the Naked juices and if I'm really starved, a sandwich.
I do not come here for the exceptional food or highest quality coffee (where's the sarcasm button)?
Starbucks is as Starbucks does.
I come to Starbucks, many of them, regularly, for the social atmosphere, the buzz, the reliability, the free wifi and the very large mugs of tea.
I know *good* tea maybe should come in tea cups, but when you pay £1.75 for a mug of tea and you could practically fit your face in it, it's not bad.
I also go to Starbucks because the staff KNOW that I don't come for the good coffee or eat much of their food, and instead buy one large mug of tea and sit for 4 hours with my laptop.
They're cool like that.
And the staff in this branch are nice.
Like all the other Starbucks I frequent.
But this one I just don't like.
It only has a small area up the front near the windows, which is drafty and weirdly laid out and a huge space up the back with NO NATURAL LIGHT.
It feels like working in a University library.
It's well kept, there's hardly ever dirty dishes lying around despite the copious amounts of students and school kids (and curly-haired wifi-free loading laptop workers) and it can get really quite pungent as well with all those bodies.
The staff keep it clean.
I just don't like it here.
The artificial lighting hurts my head, I could spend four hours here and not know if it's blowing a gale or sunshining outside.
It's not the fault of the staff, or the product (the same everywhere you go) it's the building itself.
Phew, rant over.
I work in Starbucks a lot.
But I always avoid this one despite that it's most convenient.
Coffee to go, yes.
But then if I wanted a coffee to go I'd probably go elsewhere entirely...

As i sit here in this Starbucks writing this review, it saddens me to see its low rating.
I understand the comments of others, and yes, this Starbucks is not perfect.
I'm sitting by the door (only comfy seat free) and although the sun is making its rare appearance and shining over Edinburgh, every time someone walks in or out i slowly freeze.
So what is it i love about this Starbucks?
Well I'm a complete sucker for a genuinely friendly person who is happy to have a chat.
I also appreciate the free WIFI, the view to people watch on middle meadow walk, and how close it is to my flat and the centre of Edinburgh.
I don't think Starbucks make the best coffee in town, i think they are over priced and often look in need of a refurbishment.
However, many will disagree with me, but i do like the friendly American culture they adopt.
If someone is going to ask for my name, make my coffee and hand it to me saying "There's your skinny cappuccino Jennie, have a nice day" then that puts a smile on my face for the day :)

Great staff, are friendly Lots of room to study, third place consistently

This Starbucks has been refurb'd, and in doing so has earned an extra star from me!
Taking it's 2 star rating up to 3...  Read my previous review to understand my stance on Starbucks.
I usually try my very best to get to an independent café with wifi from where to work, drink coffee or just catch up with friends.
And when I come to Starbucks, I don't drink coffee (unless I want a skinny, caramel latte or something.
But that's not really 'coffee' is it.
Just caffeinated sugar drink of YEY!
) I usually get their tea, and occasionally a bag of their nuts.
But Starbucks has reliable wifi, and usually always has seats.
They also don't mind if you rock up for half a day and bug one mug of tea.
Anyway, this Starbucks (as I said) has had a refurb.
And it's nicer.
The back area which has NO NATURAL LIGHT (which I hate) still has no natural light, but the artificial light is at once brighter and softer.
The serving area has been decked out in terracota tiles which makes it feel warmer and the front area has lots more small tables with a comfy bench.
The staff are the same friendly staff.
So, now I don't mind coming here so much.
Starbucks is as Starbucks does.
And before people start ranting or tutting, I recently spoke with an independent coffee shop entrepreneur who told me that it's thanks to Starbucks that coffee became popular and in vogue again, so all independents owe a lot to Starbucks.

I have been a regular at this Starbucks more or less since it opened.
Monday to Friday at around 9 I will sleepily wander in for a venti 4 shot latte or as the staff call it a usual.
Starbucks is a chain, the coffee isn't the best or the worst, but what raises this one in my estimation is the staff.
The shop itself has a small frontage that widens into a more cavernous seating area, as others have said this means there isn't that much natural light, however as somewhere to go and pickup a takeaway coffee I rate this Starbucks above all others.

2 star go to this Starbucks for service alone, seeing as the majority of Starbucks are consistent in their quality of coffee.
I nicked in here for a quick caramel latte to kill some time before an event I was attending and didn't receive the best of service from a gent who didn't seem to care whether I was a customer or not.
By no means am I saying I should be treated like royalty but being asked "What do you want?
" instead of "What can I get for you?
" make huge differences to an experience in a branch, especially in a city that seems to survive on coffee and tea lovers.
Lovely in its layout and relaxed in its vibe, this would have been a nice place to sit and relax for 10 but I decided it best to take my latte for a walk instead.

