I love Schuh, it's is easily the best shoe shop in Edinburgh.
Situated in a massive premises on Frederick St, they have a huge selection of delightful offerings for both men and women.
Asides from stocking a lot of high profile labels (Adidas, Irregular Choice, Red or Dead, Ugg etc), they also have their own brand which successfully copies the latest trends, but retails for a cheaper price.
There are always lots of helpful staff wondering around eager to help you on your quest to find the perfect pair and because the shop is so large, you can always find a seat in which to try things on.
The student discount (10% off) and generous returns policy (you have 365, yes 365, days in which to change your mind) make this place a winner.

I find Schuh to be a very similar quality of shop to Office.
This is no bad comparison.
Like Office, a wide selection of shoe styles and brands are available which ensures everyone's tastes are catered for.
The more formal styles are easily distinguishable from the casual thanks to a comprehensible layout.
Unlike its South Bridge partner, this Frederick street Schuh is a little larger and thus offers a better selection of stock, which is always nice.

I'm not a "shoe girl".
I have also, recently, been condemned to wearing one pair of running trainers *everywhere* due to a really bad knee injury combined with terrible biomechanics (read: I have bow legs).
Until I can get insoles, trainers were my one and only footwear.
But now the sun is out, my knee is better, and I am looking at my current shoe collection thinking "oh mah gah, these are all SERIOUSLY old".
My one pair of ballet flats for summer were £12 New Look numbers that used to be metallic gold.
Now they're just off-white.
My two pairs of cheap trainers (no brand) have stains on them of I don't know what.
I have seen my shoes in a whole new light.
A shoe lady I may never become, but hell, I NEED new shoes.
Brief autobiography of my feety matters done, now to the review at hand.
I rarely review chains, and even less frequently (in fact, this could be a first) give them the full sexy five stars.
Schuh is a store I rarely frequent too.
I'm not a fan of 'brands' really, and prefer boutiquey numbers.
I also have ridiculously narrow feet (not small, they're just long and thin) and most shoes are like boats on me and fall off.
But when I stubbed my toe AGAIN in my battered gold ballet flats and realised the sole was hanging off, it happened right outside Schuh, and I took it as a sign.
On wandering in I realised "wow this place is big and there are a LOT of shoes".
My only other Schuh experience was the one on North Bridge which is very small, and the two stores in Glasgow which are 'ok' but I always left disinterested.
It could be fashion is turning my way, or that in my new found 'I can wear non-trainers!
' state of mind I saw shoes in a whole new way.
But they had a lot of different brands in here, and almost all of the offerings I liked!
The staff were also really attentive.
It was a busy Bank Holiday Monday and I did the *very* annoying customer thing of asking for one pair, and whilst the staff had run off to the stock room, seeing another pair and when they came back asking for those in my size too.
I did that 5 times.
By the fourth time the shop assistant looked worn but was still smiling and not rude about it.
So with all the shoes, and friendly staff, I just had to buy a pair.
They're even a 'brand' shoe as well.
I didn't feel pushed into buying anything either.
Sometimes in these stores the constant "can I help?
can I get your size?
" puts me off, but I was left in peace and only asked once or twice.
Big props to this branch of Schuh.
For what it is - a chain selling branded shoes - it does it well, and it was the first High Street chain shopping store I've been in that I actually enjoyed in quite some time.
And I really do quite like my new shoes.

