As an auntie to two lovely bundles of joy, I often have to reiterate that I am the world's best auntie by spoiling the little cherubs.
I am a sucker for baby clothes because they are all just too damn cute!
So I often visit this shop to pick up gifts for my niece and nephew.
What I like about Nippers is that the baby clothes are so fun as opposed to the normal pink for girls, blue for boys you get on the High Street.
Obviously the kid doesn't care what they are wearing, but it is nice to dress them up in funky little outfits and this shop is perfect for that.
It is a little pricey, but if you are buying a gift for a newborn and you want it to be different from the usual Next then it is worth that little bit extra.
They also do toiletries, footwear and accessories.
I picked up a fun little blanket from here which my nephew won't go anywhere without.
It's definitely hard not to spend money in here so watch out!

WOW!!!
If there was an award for the cutest shop in Edinburgh, it would go to Nippers!
I always used to walk past the baby-shop and never really took time to notice it much.
Sure, the lilac and green shop-front isn't hard to miss, but I never really looked further than that.
BIG MISTAKE.
It was fate that brought me into the shop, my friend was looking for an outfit for a newborn baby and so we sauntered in.
The first thing to strike me was the new-born baby smell - I'm only 20 but I want one.
The clothes are amongst the cutest and quirkiest I've ever seen.
The best thing is the Scottish theme throughout - perfect for tourists looking for a Scottish memento for family and friends.
Whether it's a baby-grow with a 'highland coo' or a bib saying 'aye, i'm cute' , it's the perfect place for all your baby-buying needs.
Price-wise, yeah it's not cheap, but the quality is brilliant and the photographs of your baby in a Nippers outfit will last a lifetime!
From now on, I am stopped in my tracks walking past Nippers to see their latest stock and displays.
It is located in a lovely part of Edinburgh and everyone who goes in comes out with a grin to challenge a cheshire cat.

Awwwwww.
This shop reminds me that my biological clock is ticking by so quickly, and my chances of having a little ginger baby are slim (I won't hear the words Impossible uttered!!
)  Emily said it best, cutest shop in the Edinburgh by far.
Alot of unique ideas that will make the other babies within a 5 metre radius look instantly ugly.
This place isn't cheap though, ovary jingling clothes at wallet rattling prices.
But if take the plunge you'll instantly become the cool uncle of the family, ensuring your place as councilor/occasional drug dealer for the difficult teenage years ahead.

I don't have a kid, I'm no longer a kid and if I'm brutally honest I'm not one of those women who thinks that all kids in general are cute.
So imagine my face when my friend dragged me in here.
Yay...
I never knew there was such a huge market for baby stuff.
There were more baby outfits in there than in my own slightly too well-stocked wardrobe, and although they were cute they were ridiculously expensive.
Call me callous, but when it's just going to get puked on and then outgrown a week later I don't see the point in spending £40 on an outfit, for a kid who's got no idea what their name is yet, let alone what they're wearing.
That said, if I were ever needing to buy something baby-related like a christening gift or something, I'd probably come back here becuse the staff were so helpful and friendly.

Nippers has got to be the most "aww" worthy baby clothing store I've been to.
It is a shop bursting with character (and clothing) for little tikes.
I love the way this store is decorated - it almost has a fancy dress appeal and there's fabric draped everywhere.
So when I was shopping around for a present suitable for a toddler, I was drawn in by the bright, fun aesthetic style this shop adheres to.
The babygro's in Nippers don't come cheap, but they are aboslutely gorgeous.
The accessories are unusual, quirky and funny.
There were little onesies with skulls and stripes over them should you want to turn your bambino into a pirate.
There were even some (safe) punk  inspired tees for toddlers that would appeal to the mega cool parent.
Let's face it: kids are far too busy to care about what they wear.
Which is a great thing.
So this shop is geared towards hip parents, and sad people like me who are so desperate to be considered the "cool" cousin that I end up buying them out of all things kitschy.
It is toddler rock 'n' roll at its best.

This shop is the definition of cute if you are the female of the sexes.
For the opposite it's either meh cute, or scary (especially if your girlfriend drags you in here without explaining it's for Yelp).
Anyone, even with a heart of stone, would admit that baby clothes are cute.
This bright place is ideal to find gifts for toddlers (or to say more correctly for the parents of the toddler- for all I know babies like being in the nude).
From tshirts, to accessories to anything you want to glam up a baby it's all here, be it bizarre, unique, cute or just plain kitsch.
Sadly and despite their small size it comes with a bit of a price which is to be expected.
And no the stuff here does not come in adult sizes.

Ok, this is the one-stop baby shop.
It never ceases to amaze me!!
I came in here the other day and they had more stock, better prices and friendlier staff!
My friend just had a baby girl so I was looking for something small-ish to give her (she's not a close friend).
I came across an adorable bib with a picture of a milk bottle saying 'I'll have a glass of the house white.
'   AWW!

