There used to be a girl in my primary school class whose parents were in the Savvie Avvie.
She used to get quite a slagging, parlty because of this, and partly because her mum  used to pick her up in a Lada.
I suppose then that me and my heartless classmates should feel we owe this charity something, and this store on Leith Walk would be a good place to start in our quest for penance.
It hosts the usual charity shop stocklist of clothes, toys and ornaments, all for a good cause.
I'm still not too crazy about their bible-bashing, but as long as they don't try and convert me, I'm happy to let them remain deluded in peace.

I was quite excited to find the Sally Army way down this end of Edinburgh.
I don't know what it is, but the Salvation Army never fail to amaze me.
I always strike it lucky in their charity shops - it's a fluke or a winning streak...or voodoo.
Nevertheless, they are always packed full of clothes, all sold for under £5 per garment, and you are sure to find some 80s outfits as Lynsey said.
I don't know if the donations come from a big, disused 80s warehouse but they look like they've been put in a time capsule, found and all sent here.
It is truly the greatest port of call when it comes to finding big, puff ball dresses, gregarious shirts and some wooly granny jumpers.
As is the case with Salvation Army stores, it was packed full of people and had loads on offer.
The Salvation Army shops make charity shop hunting a whole lot of fun.

While I'm never quite sure what to expect in a charity shop - you can be sure that this place will have some form of clothing (which seems to be its speciality) as well as a selection of books, dvd's and all the other stuff you would imagain in a charity shop.
Admittedly, I have only ever come in here when I am on the hunt for particularly garish shirts for fancy dress - but it has never let me down,and of course it is all for a good cause.
Staff are friendly, and there is a genuine sense that they all want to help everybody all the time.
Very good.

I give all charity shops 5*, because their cause is great.
The Salvation Army is no exception!
The Salvation Army are a great charity, they're brilliant at what they do and so I support them in any way I can.
Even if I'm just looking around, I like to come in here to show my support.
They are really helpful in here, maybe a bit too helpful.
but good nevertheless.
it's your typical charity shop, they sell anything and everything they can and it's all for a good cause!!
It's good to see it in this area too, because the area is quite nice and thus the things they have are really good.

Like Marj, I always seem to find some manner of hidden treasure in Salvation Army stores.
My favourite find was a gorgeous old dark mahogany dresser that is absolutely gorgeous.
I also found myself a gorgeous little floral brooch that sparkles beautifully when the sun hits it.
This Salvation Army also has plenty of treasure waiting to be uncovered and they have a great selection of items to choose from.
Books, candles, ornaments, furniture, CD's, DVDs, home ware, kitchen ware, jewellery and various other goodies.
Everything is very well displayed and there are also plenty of boxes to rummage through, which is the best thing about charity shops.
You just can't beat a wee rummage!

