The Boat House has 3 sections: upstairs is a cocktail bar, and downstairs is The Restaurant and The Bistro (emphasis on the capital letters).
I ate at The Bistro which has a more changing menu (so it seems - it was new and apparently quite different from the recent visit of my dining companions) and is more casual than The Restaurant.
It also isn't quite so strictly seafood.
That being said, everyone in our small party (4) had seafood.
I enjoyed some delicious and well-prepared scallops after having a really tasty starter of fried brie and jam.
My mind is drawing a complete blank as to what I had for dessert, but I do recall that I liked it!
The hot chocolate was smooth and delicious as well.
The Boat House is on my list for repeat visits.
I enjoyed my dinner there and the waitstaff were quite welcoming!
I'm marking the price range as "spendy" as I had both a starter and a dessert, but you can certainly eat there for less!

I came here on one of my first trips to Edinburgh.
Apart from being set in the very pretty South Queensferry, the Boat house has the advantage of a great view of the Bridges.
I ate at the bistro section and I really enjoyed my food (scallops) and the waitress was lovely and even though we hadn't booked a table (we were 4 people) managed to squeeze us close to the window.
Prices are a little above average, although this always depends on your budget.

The Boathouse is one a of a few well known restaurants along Queensferry's high street.
As the other reviewers pointed out, there is actually a restaurant, bar and a bistro section.
The restaurant side of things specialises in fish.
i have to say I didn't have a great time here.
Not because it wasn't a nice restaurant.
It was clean, friendly, and yes there is a fantastic view of the Forth.
But this place really isn't for vegetarians.
Basically everything is fish.
If you are a vegetarian be prepared to only eat starters or the tapas (even the nachos I was going to go for only came in beef variety).
I can't rate The Boathouse too low because I can appreciate that for lovers of fish, and general flesh-eaters, this place is really nice.
The fish my friend was eating did smell nice and they certainly seemed to appreciate it.
As with most seafood expect to pay a little extra.
Prices for main meals are around £10, which compared to Edinburgh averages still isn't bad at all.

