I went to Charlie Miller purely because with Snap fax students get a pretty good deal of 40% off on certain days/times of the week.
My cut and blow dry cost a very reasonable £17 which in this economy is fantastic.
The salon is modern and stylish with huge mirrors so you can admire yourself while getting the chop.
There seemed to be a large amount of trendy staff sporting funky haircuts bustling around and having a bitch with each other.
My hairdresser was your standard hairdresser with not much to say apart from telling me off for not getting my hair cut every six weeks.
It got to the stage where I felt like she was going to pin me down and make me book 6 weekly appointments for the foreseeable future.
So now the important part, the haircut.
The girl barely listened to what I asked for and rushed the whole thing.
She then proceeded to volumize my hair in a manner which left me looking like a 60's Barbarella.
I sat looking horrified and prayed for her to finish so I could get out of there.
As soon as I did get out I promptly scraped my hair into a ponytail to hide the beehive on my head.
My idea of a successful trip to the hairdresser does not result in me hiding the results.

I think I was being naïve in thinking that all Charlie Millers would be the same...!
When I went to this branch I had a totally different experience than the times I've visited the Harvey Nichols one.
Firstly, the entire salon was empty, I was the only person there (and it was 4pm!
) and all the staff were mucking around in the seats - I would do the same though.
The girl who cut my hair seemed to be the same age as me and although she was really lovely and chatty, she didn't do a very good job!
I was getting a fringe cut in (or bangs, depending on where you are) and I have since found out that it was cut in a really bad way.
It was really expensive too, I paid £38 for my average-cut!
My friend came here the other week to get her hair dyed, and came out with a bleached jumper and stained jeans from the hair dye.
I do like Charlie Millers, I like it a lot, but I will avoid this branch!

