Rosie Brown's Jewellery is beautiful!
I've been lucky enough to receive a few gifts from here and I've always been very grateful.
Her trademark look is pearl on silver but I've seen a few hints of gold in a couple of her pieces.
Prices vary quite significantly depending on how elaborate the piece is but you could easily buy a pair of earnings for £25.
If you're looking for a Valentine's present for someone special then I can't recommend this place enough!

This place is AMAZING.
After having bought several pieces for various family and friends, I asked them to make my wedding jewellery and I must say that the results were outstanding.
The girl who made it (short blonde hair but can't remember her name :-( ) knew so much about the pearls and advised the combination of a single pearl on a chain and also one on a silver bangle.
She drew me a little picture to show what she meant after having experimented with a few pieces she already had made up.
What really impressed me was how she was so keen that I had an amazing look but was not spending a crazy amount.
She also held off till the last minute to make sure she got the best pearls she could and let me pick the ones I wanted before making the jewellery.
She was very honest when advising about the size and quality of each pearl when she could quite easily have sold me something far more expensive.
I must say that the simplicity was perfect and I now have some beautiful , wearable jewellery that will last me forever and remind me of such a wonderful day.
Since then, my new father-in-law bought my mother-in-law a string of peals from Rosie Brown and he also commented on the knowlege about the origin and qualities of the pearls.
Rosie Brown boxes are swapped regulary around both sides of my family now at Christmases and Birthdays and I have never known anyone to be less than thrilled.
I can honestly say that whatever your budget you will find something here and the flexibility to mix and match charms, pearls, bracelets just makes this place even better.

Rosie Brown makes individual and unique pieces of jewellery which are ideal as a gift for a special lady friend.
Of course, these issues are a matter of taste, but even for the pickiest of my friends , they all like the stuff they have in this shop.
The jewellery is modern without being too much of a statement- subtle, modern and "fresh" (can you describe jewellery as "fresh"?
) as well as having simple lines, making their pieces both dressy and casual depending on the combinations and the rest of your outfit.
Prices vary, but take into account these pieces are locally made and each one is unique.
The service here is always super friendly and very knowledgeable about their stuff, without trying to pressure you into buying something out of your budget- a quality I always appreciate.

Bruntsfield, with it's wonderfully unique, and sometimes pricey, boutiques and shops is the perfect home for this jewellery store!
I'm especially drawn to it by its simplicity, and I'm happy to say none of the pieces I saw in there when I was browsing were garish or tacky.
A lot of the jewellery is made of real gold and silver, and although they sell all sorts of rings, bracelets, necklaces and earrings, there is definitely a decipherable common theme running through the whole collection!
Alot of the pieces have adorable heart and bird shaped charms - even the rings!
I just have to stress how wonderfully minimalist the jewellery is, which makes it so much classier.
However, it's quite expensive, and something like a really beautiful necklace I saw there, with a heart and pearl, will set you back £105!
They've got a fantastic website, which says they'll deliver the jewellery you buy online within 5 days of ordering.
I'm definitely a fan.

I should never be allowed back in here.
My love-affair with beautiful silver jewellery began when I first saw Phoebe in friends at the tender age of 12 (a very influential age I find).
Since then, anytime I see a jewellry store that has original, designed, handmade jewellery I'm there faster than you can say 'magpie'.
Rosie Brown's is a gorgeous store, with a very boutique'y feel.
All the jewellery is designed and made in-house, and you can even see part of the workshop out the back of the store.
Upfront, however, it is very minimalist.
A small space, with several glass cabinets laid neatly around the outside.
This is definitely a place to come for a special occasion, or present.
The jewellery is more expensive than any highstreet or department store (think around £50 for a ring, £80 for a bracelet, anything up to £300 for the gold necklaces.
) But the jewellery is stunning.
Little hearts, little stars, pearls.
Men, take note, buy your girlfriend one of the heart necklaces or bracelets as a present and she will be over the moon.
They also do individual pieces made to measure, at no extra cost.
I already enquired as I have been searching for a bangle to fit my teeny, tiny wrists for an age and now I know where I'm coming, once I've saved up my pennies...

Remember in my last review where I said I should never be allowed back in here?
Then why did no one stop me from going back in and purchasing something for myself?!
Not that I'm complaining, quite the opposite.
I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase, and the service.
Rosie Brown's is an independent jeweler in which they display their hand-made jewelery in the same store that they make it (out the back).
Very pretty, trinkety and quite unique pieces, they have different ranges that all revolve around silver jewelery.
Bangles, chain bracelets, earrings, rings and necklaces with little charms such as hearts, stars, cherries, birds, pearls.
Think pretty, not mainstream, and made with love.
As Chris M recently referred to me and my 'tiny sleeves', I do indeed have tiny wrists inside those tiny sleeves.
So small that I have never been able to find a bracelet that doesn't almost reach my elbow.
I was busy admiring all the bracelets in here and asked to try a few on, all of which proceeded to reach said almost-elbow point.
"Oh we can resize those for you?
" "At a cost?
" "No, no just for the same price.
" *little silver lightbulb goes off above Jenny's head*  My window-shopping turned into serious shopping.
I finally decided on a chain bracelet, with a little pearl and the bird motif charm.
I asked if they'd just resize the one I'd tried on and she said, no, they'd make me my own fresh new one.
Wow.
Ok.
So she measured my wrist, and told me to come back in a week.
Done.
But then 2 days later I had a change of heart.
I wanted the heart motif, not the bird.
I popped in to let them know my decision - no problem.
I popped back two weeks later (a little late) to pick up my first, ever perfectly fitting bracelet that I would ever have owned.
It was actually a little too small.
It fit but I think I'm so used to at least some movement I wanted a few more links added back in.
"Not a problem, we can do that right now, come back in...20 minutes.
" Ah the beauty of having the craft-station in the store.
It just so happens two of Edinburgh's best chocolate shops are nearby, so these 20 minutes were happily spent.
Back I popped, the bracelet fitted like a charm, and then off I went wearing my beauteous new bracelet.
That fits!
It's only our first day together but already I am thrilled with  my new piece.
(I think anyone who is a jewelery person will understand what I mean when I say 'piece'.
I bought this with the intent of wearing it almost as I wear my hair, ie: part of me, almost unremoveable.
It's to be worn everyday, but still a special item.
And in fact that's Rosie Brown's ethos They make wearable jewelery for everyday, that is more special than the £10 high street fashion stores.
I was also really impressed with the customer service.
The fact that fresh items are made for every customer who is sized, at no extra cost, and they were able to tailor it to my exact size when I went to pick it up there and then.
A happy customer am I.
My *only* complaint is that they never answered their phone!
I did try to call to change the charm, but no one answered, or called back from my message.
Twice.
Hmm odd.
Other than that, faultless.

I reckon that about 80% of the women in my workplace own at least one piece of jewellery from Rosie Brown.
It's everywhere.
It's impossible to miss.
I'll admit, I liked it but wasn't blown away at first.
But here's the thing about Rosie Brown, it grows on you.
I've been here a number of times by now, and every time I go I find something new that I want.
I think I'm going to have to instruct The Man to buy me something from here (hints don't work in my relationship), because now that I've bought for someone else, I want something for me.
I think the beauty of this place is their willingness to mix and match and make whatever you want.
The jewellery they display is almost not much more than a suggestion.
Do you want that charm but with a different type of pearl or maybe a bead, and do you want a bracelet instead of a necklace oh and can it be with cord?
No problem.
On top of this, the prices are completely reasonable and the staff are absolutley lovely.
They take time with each customer, prettying up every package like it's a gift.
Fantastic.

