A small bike shop easily found and quick to get to.
PRICE: Slightly more expensive than other shops, and products stocked are not always the cheapest.
QUALITY: Good service and friendly staff.
Products stocked are of a high quality and the bikes sold here are top of the range.
CHOICE: The shop is filled with different bikes and equipment.
Range is not as wide as larger shops like the Edinburgh Bicycle Cooperative, but the shop specialises in a few products.
I walked into this shop once looking for a Scottish cycle jersey.
What I found was a beautiful array of hybrid and racing bikes, amongst kit that had been signed by both local and national cycling legends.
It really is something.
As a man who dreams about expensive racing bikes, it is a joy to walk amongst custom-built ones in this place.
A quick glance around lets you see that this place means business.
There are protein bars, all sorts of supplements, specialist clothing, weight-reductive components and so on.
I found the cycle jersey I was looking for.
It wasn't a bad price either.
I would expect to pay somewhere in the region of £30 for a cheap jersey, and this one was £40, which is nearer the price you would expect for a standard bit of kit, but perhaps a little cheaper.
Other bits and bobs were a little more expensive, and this certainly isn't a place where I would go to get a spare inner tube or a replacement tyre.
Further inspection of some of the products (such as bike locks or other similar kit) did not compare too favourably with the other shops in the city.
However, I would say that you would more likely come to this shop for specialist parts or interesting clothing rather than every day parts.
I confess that I have never used the repair service itself, partly as I always use The Bicycle Works and partly because I would feel a little sheepish bringing either my commuting bike (an old Raleigh) or my road bike (a 1984 Peugeot Provence) when they would be surrounded by top of the range hybrid and audax bikes.
My recommendation is that this place is worth a try, and if you end up in Edinburgh with a top-of-the-range bike then this is where you need to be.

I like my bike.
I like to ride my bike.
I like to freewheel down hills and show off by cruising along with no hands.
I like nipping past cars to get to the front of traffic jams, or discovering interesting shortcuts through the city down hidden alleyways.
I don't, however, like it when my bike is broken, nor do I have any idea about how to fix it.
I can only stare at my malfunctioning machine with a sense of sadness and dismay.
In such instances, I am forced to throw myself on the mercy of professionals such as Bicycle Repair Man.
And, although I know I am ignorant, I also don't like it when arrogant men in bike shops condescend to me, or appear scornful about my inability to deal with problems myself.
Fortunately, Bicycle Repair Man does not do either of these things, he simply finds out what is wrong and mends it.
I've never been here with anything very complex  - a broken chain, a misaligned brake - so have not truly tested Bicycle Repair Man's capabilities.
But both times, he did the work quickly and well, although not especially cheaply.
And he is also named after a Monty Python sketch, which I approve of.

The shop closed down in February 2014.
I used it once last summer because I live nearby and needed a link extractor.
Even then the stock in the shop seemed very low with a lot of empty shelves and racks.

