This fish and chip shop is located in bruntsfield.It has great chippys and battered food to take away.You can also sit in as it has a few seats at the window.

one word - yuck.
I used to live in Bruntsfield as a student and so would frequent the local take-aways.
Globetrotters was, without a shadow of a doubt, the worst.
The chips were disgusting, worse than Macdonals or Burger King and the fish...oh my God call that fish?
It was like cardboard.
Totally tasteless and dripping in grease.
Also, the staff were not pleasant, leeching on all the young girls in the shop (not just me) and making the whole experience quite unenjoyable.
If you want fish and chips, or anything for that matter, go elsewhere.

My love affair with the British classic: Fish and Chips can be a fickle relationship.
Sometimes the chips are soggy, often the batter is too.
The fish can have a rubbery texture, and you can often find and empty chasm where the fish is supposed to be once you've broken the outer-layer of batter.
The Globetrotter consistently addresses these problems and consistently provides some pukka fish and chips (contrary to the previous review, they seemed to have cleaned their act up!).
Particularly popular around 5pm, you will always spot a bunch of waiting customers underneath it's gleaming neon sign.
Expect to pay around £6 for a generous portion piled into a card box.
It's not the cheapest, but your paying for the quality.

Situated on the busy Bruntsfield Place, Globetrotter seems to do a roaring trade around 6pm.
As indicated by its bright neon lights its speciality is fish and chip, yet, as with many other chippies, it also serves sausage, haggis and stek pie suppers amongst other favourites.
The service was friendly but a bit impersonal, although this can probably attributed to how busy the shop is around dinner time.
Everything on the menu is quite expensive with fish and chips costing about £5.90 and other classic suppers costing about £4.50.
At these prices most people would probably expect a near impeccable fish supper.
Whilst it wasn't particularly bad, there was certainly room for improvement.
The chips were pretty decent but the batter on the fish tasted a bit greasy and was wierdly thick.
The actual fish itself, however, was cooked nicely inside and the portion size was generous.
Globetrotter serves quite good food, yet you may come away expecting a little better for the money you pay.

As a fan of Fish & Chips I always like trying out new places, seeing if any can match the quality of my favourite chip shop in Anstruther.
In Edinburgh, this has proved to be a challenging task, with many chip shops providing soggy, horrible fish or chips which have not been fried for long enough!
However, Globetrotter was, to my surprise, quite a good chip shop.
The fish has consistently been good, not great, but good.
And on must occasions the chips have been crisp!
However, I am not always to enthusiastic to pay near enough six pounds for a fish supper which is just well, good!
That is why I would advise you to try the smoked sausage supper!
Less than four pounds, this chip shop knows how to fry a perfect smoked sausage alongside some crispy chips!
Globetrotters also do burgers, pizzas and all the normal suppers you expect in a chip shop.
If you fancy a chippy one day, then you will be hard pushed to find a better one in Bruntsfield!

I don't know why I went back, but I did.
I should have re-read my previous review to remind me how absolutely horrible the food here is.
It's dripping in fat it's chewy (are chips meant to be chewy?
) and the staff eye you up suspiciously.
I felt like a criminal.

