Boardwise is a spot on, cool ass store of surf, skate and snow wear, hidden away slightly on Lochrin Place, but easy to find once you know where it is, obviously.
A brilliant shopping gem to have some knowledge of if you're very good at any of the sports mentioned, or just very cool, either of the two options will do.
The shop is laid out over some fairly extensive premises, and filled with sporting goodies of an advanced level, and as usual when I'm in a shop surrounded by clothing that's a million times cooler than I am, I just stand looking in awe of all the sexy plus gnarly ski jackets, which are impossibly out of my price range anyway.
Although if you do come along here when the sales are on, you can absolutely grab something bargainous.
You'll find tons of brands here, including Analog, Animal, Billabong, Special Blend and Addict Clothing, in menswear, ladies wear and children's sizes.

Considering it's the capital of Scotland, Edinburgh doesn't have many ski/snowboard / extreme sport shops.
But Alas!
There's always Boardwise!
I used to come in here practically every week with my brothers, as they were really into snowboarding and roller-blading (remember that phase?!
) .
The other week I came in here just for a look, and I was shocked at what they had!
Sure, whenever I used to come in I would sit in the corner and sulk that I wasn't getting to go to my shops so never really noticed their ladies selection.
Talk about school-boy error!
They have a great range of bikini's, summer dresses, flip-flops, hoodies, bags and sunglasses!
Yeah it's a bit summer-orientated, but summer is on its way afterall.
They have a good selection of guy's stuff too - infact, there is more for men than women, but plenty of both.
I came out of Boardwise with an amazing red Quicksilver summer dress and a really bright bikini, all for under £30.
It's definitely the sort of place I'll go back to, to begin my summer!

Boardwise are doing a good job competing with the online dealers.
The stock selection is the best in the city.
I got replacement fins for my surfboard for £6 cheaper in here and got my bindings on sale for half price.
Everyone who partakes in extreme sports knows how costly gear is, but these guys do alright.
A small, personal problem here.
They don't sell Bataleon boards!
Criminal!

Visiting here with a surfing enthusiast I was impressed with what he claimed was a bargain buy.
Boardwise do well to compete with online companies and they successfully add  well informed advice and tips with your every purchase.
In an attempt to persuade me to get into surfing a particularly chatty member of staff enlightened me of the best places to surf in Scotland alongside offering affordable rental prices for all the basic gear.
A nice gesture.
I you like anything involving a board, you'd be wise to go here.
(cringe)

