Um....
I know there is a bit of hype around Ann Summers shops, and I understand that it's not the sort of place to take your Gran, but it is one of those places that you have to go in at some point in your youth.
I went in looking for an outfit for a fancy dress party - I wanted to look good but not skanky - there's a fine line.
I was amazed at some of the things they sold - the toys and creams were wild, who thinks of this stuff?!
I managed to find an  appropriate nurse outfit and tried it on - imagine my surprise to see my then-boyfriend peeping through a whole in the door.... specifically designed for this purpose!!
I felt quite uneasy!
When I got to the till (the outfit cost me £28 and was of a far greater quality than other things I had seen in fancy dress shops) I was offered a new 'bullet' vibrator.
The lady was telling me how brilliant it was and how extreme the vibrations were.
TOO MUCH INFORMATION.
I hastily declined and retreated retreated retreated.
I know it's the sort of shop that is quite controversial, and my outfit was really quite nice for a fancy dress party, but I'm not going back in a hurry!

As Emily said, this shop is a serious case of TMI.
Is there anything more awkward than a shop assistant following you around telling you how great the vibrators are at getting her off?
NO!
Us Brits are prudes, and I take no shame in the fact that I am a complete prude and do not want to know what any one is doing with their bits in their spare time.
That being said I am also immature and curious and when you're 16 it's always funny to go in Ann Summers.
My flatmate (who is male) is kind of odd and after the cheap, plastic handcuffs we bought him for his birthday (as a joke) broke he decided he wanted new ones.
So he took me here on the search for new handcuffs and picked up a pair of pink fluffy ones for 15 pound.
Not before the shop assistant pointed out the paddles for spanking and highlighted the 'sexy' outfits.
In Ann Summers sexy and tacky go hand and hand, you are likely to see 18 year old girls wearing Ann Summers outfits on nights out because they think it's hot.
It's not.
I guess if you are into that sort of thing (wild sex being that sort of thing) then this shop is great.

Turning up at my girlfriend's with a bag full of the merchandise on sale here would result in a sore face and would be sleeping on the floor for months.
Maybe if I keep trying she'll eventually see the light.

To be honest, once you get past the stage of being stupid giggly fifteen year-olds daring eachother to set foot inside this place - and, oh my god, actually buy something - it loses most of its appeal.
Some of their underwear is ok, but the vast majority of it is borderline ridiculous.
And don't even get me started on the entire wall of sex toys and uniforms.
If you're ever bored and in need of a giggle, come in here just before Valentines Day and watch all the unimaginative guys hopelessly trying to pick out a present for their other half.
It's hilarious.
Aside from that, unless you're going on a really chavvy hen do and need ample amounts of penis straws/L-plates/slutty outfits, then you can get stuff for all your other lingerie needs in other shops which will probably be much better-priced.

Everyone seems to be reviewing this place so I decided throw my experience in.
Actually I went into this store for the first time ever today after reading the rather amusing opinions about this place.
They have a variety of underwear and bras, some normal others just plain ridiculous (these things are just not sexy) and as you walk further into the store the outfits just get more and more slutty rather than sexual.
You just have to have humour about this place.
There were some workmen getting some stuff fixed there who took obvious pleasure in chatting to the shop assistants.
I was rather disappointed we were not told which was the best vibrator by the staff but my friend and I did giggle at the wall of books and "pleasure".
It's not taking itself seriously and if it is then it's certainly a bad attempt for an adult shop.
It's more of a mild version.
If you can pull of the costumes that's great, chances are you won't look like the model though.
Plus the families we saw there (mum, dad and kid in push chair) were a bit off putting.
However, I would return to this place to buy gifts for friends as a joke, such as the male-genitalia shaped pasta.

I don't really get the whole "sexy" thing with PVC, lace, tacky suspenders and gummy handcuffs, it just makes me feel a little bit ill to be honest with you and I don't know how anyone could get into this kind of stuff with a straight face because I would just burst out laughing.
Walking past this store nothing about it seems inviting and unless you want to dress up like a slut for Halloween and are ridiculously attention seeking and don't get any other attention any other day of the year, I can't see any need for shopping in Ann Summers.
I guess I'm such a little girl when it comes to stuff like this but it really just makes me cringe and surely slipping off to slip into some edible underwear would ruin the mood somewhat?
There are other shops in the other that are a little more tasteful than Ann Summers, but each to their own, I suppose.

