This is the sort of place that you come if you like wine, but aren't like, really into it (well, I come here and I'm not exactly a connoisseur).
Basically, what I'm trying to say is it's cheap, and it always stocks the 'coolest' brands and has almost always got a good deal going for it.
This particular branch is really big too, and I've often seen a lot of grafitti around the area - some entrepreneurial kids have changed the 'B' to an 'F' in the streets.
Charming.
The staff are lovely too, but the grafitti in the area makes me a bit scared of this branch...but the shop itself is good.

I think this place is awesome.
It's near my house, every wine we've chosen has been tasty (and cheap!
), and they always have a number of wines to taste.
The Man and I first discovered Majestic Wine Warehouse when we were down in Leith one day and planned to spend the evening in.
We noticed large signs advertising "20% OFF NEW ZEALAND WINES" and thought, ooh, can't go wrong there!
We bought six bottles (three different kinds) of our choosing and the total came to about £36.
In Tesco, a £6 bottle of wine is usually pretty hit or miss, but more often on the "miss" end of things.
But we absolutely enjoyed every bottle we'd chosen.
We have since branched out, away from New Zealand into Argentinian and Chilean wines, thanks to Majestic's daily tastings.
Every time we go here the staff are very helpful and friendly, and we always walk away with a case of very tasty and very reasonably priced wines.
Sure, it's not as fun as going to a lovely little boutique place and having a long chat with the sales person about the berry and ripe cherry hints in the wine, but it's also more affordable, and affordable is the name of the game these days.
It's also worth noting that they rent out glassware - perfect if you're hosting a party (or a wedding, like me!).
I believe that you pay a deposit, to get the glasses and then that deposit is returned, minus the cost of any broken glasses.
Located in the Fairmilehead area of Edinburgh, I would actually say that this place is in a quite nice neighborhood and I've not noticed any graffiti, so maybe it has been spruced up recently.

Majestic Wine enforce a 6 Bottle purchase minimum.
The prices are no less than bargains found elsewhere.
Snobbery at it's worst from youngsters who should know better.
I am not impressed in the slightest.

