This swish bar is bigger than it appears and tends to be quite popular.
Its large glass window/walls allow plenty of light in and also give it an even cooler appeal at night.
There are small booths for those seeking more privacy and low tables and stools/couches throughout.
When it's sunny they sort of spread out on to the pavement outside as well.
The nachos are particularly good here and I am a big fan of the fishbowls, (cocktail bowls literally) which are fun to share.
The low tables make it a bit hard to eat on of their mains though.
The bar has a very good selection of cocktails etc even though it is a bit more on the pricey side compared to the other local student hang-outs and the bar tenders always seem grumpy.
However, it's great for a chilled out chat, to start your night or for a casual date.

I came here at 12 one day for a girly lunch...but they wern't serving food.
What?!
But, out of the goodness of their heart, they served us.
The kitchen didn't open till1 - which I found a bit odd.
However, the food I did get was really quite nice!
I had chicken Satay with a flatbread and sour cream and it was delicious!
A little bit spicy though.
I would go back, just for that dish.
My friends both had burgers, and they said they wern't anything special.
The whole time we were there, the bar was empty and we listened to the staff moaning about each other.
The staff all had back-combed hair and holes in their tights - make your own opinion.
Overall, although I really enjoyed my food I wasn't extremely impressed with 56 North.
It has potential though, I plan on coming here on a sunny day and sitting outside and watching the world pass me by.

This place poses as a wine bar/restaurant, but frankly it would be better off if it just lost the bar bit.
The food is fabulous - something new will always take your fancy, but more so it is no of the ordinary, I cant think of anywhere else that does such a different menu.
If i was a food critic I would call it innovitave, but I'm not, so make up your own mind.
The food is alwaysgood value for money, extremely tasty and quick to arrive.
Now for the bar side of things.
Firstly, its expensive - even the special deals on things like cocktails are on the dearer side.
Its always empty too, meanin staff just seem to hang about.
The bar area has seats and tables which are far too low and uncomfortable to enjoy your time here, and the booths are pretty cramped, but so isolated you cant split your party across two for fear of never seeing your friends again.
As I said, great food, poor bar.

56 North seems to be the place to go for the local middle classes on their lunch breaks and after work.
Nothing wrong with that except the place prices itself accordingly, and who can blame them.
It has a really cool atmosphere with lots of blue lighting, big screens shwoing the latest match and comfortable seating.
Some of the staff think they're the bomb, but on the whole the service is fast enough.
The food is good and modern gastropub stuff.
It's also surprsingy well priced(ish).
The drinks are gut-wrenchingly expensive, however, with some pints costing around the £4 mark.
This isn't the place to come if you're out of pocket, but it does have a great atmosphere and a vast outdoor seating area for warm days.

This restaurant/bar near the University of Edinburgh campus of George Square appears much more serious and grown up than the other cafes in the area, who cater mostly to students on a lunch break.
So it makes sense I was only there once with my parents, during Fresher's Week and haven't really thought to head back since.
There's nothing THAT special about it, yet there's quite little to complain about.
Everything was okay when I had drinks there, and one thing it does have going for it is the large outdoor seating area.
It may seem useless for most of the year, but while it's warm enough it's quite nice to sit out there and take in the sights, such as... Appleton Tower?
Granted not the best of locations, but it'll do I suppose.
They serve food as well, but I never planned to eat there so can't really say what's on the menu.

Came here for lunch today and it was fantastic!
Started out with an order of nachos, which were smothered with seasoned cheddar, jalapenos, salsa, and sour cream - they were great.
Then had the portobello burger, which was piled with pesto, roasted peppers and buffalo mozzarella.
It was awesome.
We also had drinks, which were fabulous.
My companions ordered bloody mary's which I heard were great, and I had a margarita which was also wonderful.
Not too expensive for mixed drinks either - about £4 for each.
There was a full bar, and tons of different drink options.
I'll definitely be back!

Yes, it's middle-class and poshish, and expensive-- for Embra-- but they do the stuff up right... mostly.
Guinness is passable.
They've got Innes & Gunn on tap.
They make a mean, mean, martini - glasses inthe freezer, crushed ice, not watery, and they know what they like in a martini.
The same goes for the Mojitos, if my mate has anything to say about it.
A fairly wide selection of ales.
I know nothing about the food situation, but if you're looking for something different from the pub scene, this is a nice comfortable place with lovely staff who are talkative & patient.

Two visits, admittedly neither late night, and if our stay here was longer, we'd squeeze in one more.
The fresh, light, open  theme clashes slightly with the few booths against the wall, but otherwise makes sitting anywhere inside or outside comfortable and lively.
Both times we found wonderful staff that were quick with the drinks, pleasant with the chit-chat, and timely with the food spacing.
Food was about what you would expect when you're going to a place that does seem to want to be a cocktail lounge more than a restaurant: good, a pleasant selection when you're done with pub-grub, but otherwise forgettable.
Did I mention free Wi-Fi?

I really wanted to be able to give this place more than three stars.
I'm not in this area very often, so when I was picking up my DRESS (I'll try to avoid mentioning wedding things...) yesterday and was very much in the mood for a cocktail, this seemed like the perfect place.
I'd checked out the cocktail list online and (sad, I know) had already zoomed in on a very tasty sounding strawberry and elderflower gin fizz.
It was disappointing to discover that the actual cocktail list and the online one were different, but oh well.
I decided on a cucumber and pear one which the incredibly nice bartender made right up for me.
As he was helping me, the waitress came up and ordered a diet coke for a customer.
He (rightfully so) continued with my drink and transaction, but she apparently expected him to stop serving the customer standing right there, and get her drink immediately.
She stood next to me and nagged about the drink until my transaction was finished and I was able to get away from her.
Right away, points off.
We went to take a seat in a relatively empty bar, only to discover that over 50% of the tables were reserved.
This created more of an issue as the evening progressed as it resulted in tons of people unable to sit down, and tons of empty "reserved" tables.
As a bar, I would suggest reserving only a few select tables on a Friday, and not just accept every reservation that comes your way.
We decided to get a bite and settled on the nachos, though the flat breads sounded fantastic and unusual for a bar menu.
The nachos were a decent portion for £6, and had a very generous amount of dips and a massive load of jalapenos on them, which is hard to find but great.
I finally tucked into my drink which was tasty and refreshing but was served with a huge amount of ice which diluted the flavour, and was in a daquiri glass.
I have no idea if that's the standard in fizz glass but I kind of felt like a 16 year old girl with my huge girly looking cocktail.
I felt like it should have umbrellas and sparklers in it or something.
As I finished my drink and the nacho plate was just about licked clean, we attempted to order more.
You know when you're somewhere with table service and you feel like, despite the fact that the wait staff are rushing around, they're not actually doing anything and in fact they seem to have blinders on when it comes to customers who are trying to get their attention?
It was ridiculous.
It took ages for me to get another drink, though thereafter it came immediately, ages to get the bill and aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggggggeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssss to get our change for the bill, which was especially ridiculous because there were tons of people who would have loved our table and we just had to sit there waiting.
We had time to get the bill, get our money and pay, my friend went to the toilet, she came back and we chatted, then I went to the toilet, I came back and we chatted (this time about what they would do if we just left), until FINALLY our money was taken and change brought.
Never an apology and not even eye contact or a smile.
The tip had been progressively dwindling the whole time we waited, until there was just nothing left.
I would come back here because I had an enjoyable experience, but ooof man do they need to sort out their waitresses.
The bartenders were great, the food was tasty, the drink was (girly but) nice, but the waitresses were shocking.

You know, I've got to be honest, the food here is just .. bland and worse for a student: horribly overpriced.
I think you pay extra for the waiters fashionably ignoring you.
Look, I live right around the corner and am seduced every now and again by their terrace to come and sit in the sun and have a choice beverage, but when I plopped down with a friend for food the other night I was horribly disappointed.
The portions are ridiculously small (she had a Caesar salad, I had a shrimp cocktail thingy) and they're just not really what they advertise to be.
The Caesar salad consisted of giant (and I mean giant) leaves of lettuce, thrown into a bowl-ish plate, with some croutons and a creamy dressing.
That's it.
10.95 for that.
Are we paying for the negative food that isn't on the plate as well, people?
Nope, nope, nope.
Never again 56 North, never again will you seduce me!

Very tasty plates, I would recommend especially the swiss and the french burger, along with any plate that contains goat cheese which is delicious.
Other than this the beer selection is also decent, with Innes and Gunn and Blue Moon on tap.
Nachos here are also top-notch.
Is more formal and different than the casual pub, but still the atmosphere is lovely.
Wide range of cocktails also.
The only disadvantage, thus the 4/5, is the prices that are a bit over the expected ones.
Without being out of reach, North is definitely expensive for a student.
In the same time although the quality of the plates and drinks makes it up for it.

All style and very little substance is the easiest way to describe 56 North, an undeniably good looking bar let down by slow service and high prices...  56 North is very much a wine/spirit bar, only a few draft beers (mostly lager) and cider provided only in bottles.
It is fortunate there is a good range of spirits, you can admire them while you wait to be served...
The only positive I took away was that the staff are fairly good at keeping the tables clear of glasses.
This place is simply not as trendy as it aspires to be and not good enough to make me want to return any time soon.

In that chain trend feel,.. Food was good, bar was okay...
Missing character.

Unfortunately my revisit here was not for the better.
The food quality has dropped, at least for the burgers I have tried so many times in the past.
The portions are now significantly smaller and at the same time they are not as tasty as the used to be.
It's quite pricey with a very good selection of bottled beers and draughts.
I would still recommend it for drinks and a small bite, but not as a dinner place anymore.

Totes Trend Balls - You don't have to be beautiful to drink here, but it helps...  City centre style Cocktail Bar without the city centre try hards - why don't I drink here more often?
This place is awesome.
I hereby vow to drink here more often!!
Ok, awesome back bar, I mean banging.
My highlights is the Aged Juniper (you got to try it) - not for the feint of heart!
Cocktail list is extensive, and needless to say the staff know their stuff, and they aren't wanky about it.
Last time I was in they just handed me some oreos and told me to help myself.
Huge Moet & Chandon pillows all over the shop make vegging a necessity, and the food menu encourages this also.
I'm gonna say their /nachos are the best in town, but my research has not been endless, regardless , this is my 'go to' nacho hangover spot, their burgers are also quite good.
They have a good sized outdoor spot which catches the sun most of the day, and their windows slide open to create a real open environment.
Music is trendy but unobtrusive, just like the service.
This is a great place!

I've always passed this thinking "it's a bit on the swanky side" due to the dark glass but I was surprised last night.
They have an extensive menu where the selction of cocktails is vast.
I was told to try the cremola foam cocktail, but couldn't spot it on the menu, so went for the Cherry Tree Long Tea.
It was nice, you could taste the cherry cola and the alcohol - don't ask me what was in there as i can't remember  I'll be back to try the food and a few more of these damn tasty cocktails!

Oh dear.
Been to 56 North before and it is ok. Just ok, but it was local the other night so popped in for a pre-show drink.
Mistake.
Prices clearly bumped up for the Festival.
£13.80 for two small glasses of wine and then £3 for a small draft diet coke.
Wine - bit meh, but it was a £5 a bottle type and the label definitely wasn't Cloudy Bay.
Daylight robbery - meh, avoid.

I'll start by saying this place is overpriced.
It's charging too much for what it offers.
I've been going her on and off for years as it's right next to Edinburgh University in studentville and always seemed like a great place to meet.
Unfortunately, it's one of those places that likes to think it's swanky but has no real character.
When I'm talking quite disparagingly about the latest great pub to get the dreaded relaunch and friends don't know what I mean I say "The 56 North Makeover".
To me, it seems like every great little hole in the wall or pub in the community with character eventually succumbs to the corporate design disease and they lose all that was interesting about them.
So, I think 56 North knows what it's doing and it's not subtle about it:  1.
Hire only attractive student girls (from Surrey it appears) to wait tables.
Market the Swanky City Cocktail bar vibe in a predominately student area without charging student prices.
Cheap food at marked up prices.
Access is pretty good for wheelchairs as you can access all areas of the main bar/socialising area but they don't have accessible toilets so they aren't compliant with the law.Wheelchair users who want to use 56 North will have to stay for one or two but move elsewhere when a toilet break calls.
I will probably begrudgingly go back there and buy their overpriced food/cocktails as long as my friends keep suggesting it.
I suppose it is the only place like that in the area.
The drinks list is vast and cocktails are pretty good.
Food not so much.

I like it here.
No, hear me out - I do.
The cosy booths and dim-ish lighting are just right for a mid-week night out and conversation with a couple of friends, and the music in our booth wasn't so loud as to drown out the converation.
Their cocktail menu is confusing in a good kind of way; it has an inexplicably Back To The Future themed section.
Why?
No explanation was apparent.
But if you have a cocktail called the Dr Emmett Brown then I'm not going complain just because I don't know why!
Sadly, it's a rum slushy premix so there's no harmlesss equivalent, but the mocktail they did make for me, the Pink Panther Mocktail, was a lovely refreshing watermelon thingymajig with a giant lump of the fruit right there.
(I'm a devout muncher of drink-fruits.
I even chew the lemon slice from my tonic water.
I heard it's not the done thing but I don't care; my excuse now is that I'm from the future.
) The bar staff were pretty chirpy, too, if a little slow with our drinks, although it wasn't busy.
So it's all pretty fine, but there is just this weird thing that they have two big televisions, one at either end of the room, so no matter which way you look, you'll see it.
I imagine that's for football but there was no match on.
My friends and I kept getting distracted by the screen and zoning out.
It made conversation tricky and they weren't even showing Back To The Future!
(That might actually have EARNED a star...) So yep, I'd come back here again happily, but I'm not in any particular hurry to do so.

I wonder if there's a restaurant for every degree of latitude.
My home town sits at the 54th parallel, while Edinburgh sits at the 56th.
My town has a North 54, Edinburgh has a North 56--well, okay, 56 North.
On a whim I did a search for a North 53 restaurant...bingo, Edmonton.
North 52?
London.
North 55?
Northern Ireland.
Holy crap, it's true!
I could run a blog where I travel the world visiting a restaurant named for every latitude.
I'm waiting Hollywood!
That being said, I'm sure there would be at least a few degrees missing--not sure if there's one at the North Pole.
Taking this train of thought, would there be duplicates in the South, and would they be the Norths' mortal enemies?
Would they explode if they touched each other like matter/antimatter?
I have to check--HOLY SHIZZA, there totally is a South 55!
Upon passing 56 North, I couldn't help but enter.
It's a modest bistro where sections of charcoal tiles and tan wood panels spread across the floor.
Matching tables and chairs are frugal; the tables feature hooks for people to hang bags from....novel.
The bar carries enough alcohol to inebriate all of Goldie Hawn's children.
The menu is the definition of humble--one paper affixed to a clipboard.
A clipboard.
No really, a clipboard.
The prices are very reasonable with only a few items over ten quid and only one at seventeen pounds.
I opted for two starters rather than one with a main.
The first was a pork belly & black pudding filo parcel with homemade apple jam.
I then followed it up with the autumn vegetable soup.
While the filo parcel was amazing, I thought the soup was honestly...the best word to describe it was fibrous, which is...totally a word I just discovered.
Thankfully, it was only a daily soup, which means I hope that in the future it won't repeat.
A good meal and a good value.
I liked the décor, especially the hole built into the dividing wall allowing me an unobstructed view of the TV in the corner--I kid you not, they did this.
The service was great with the waiter/bartender/probable owner bragging about the free Wifi offered inside the restaurant.
By the way, the password for the network was totally "FreeScotland".
56 North is a lovely modern addition to a bucolic, borderline antediluvian landscape (yeah, antediluvian).
I've said that I loved and still do love the look of Edinburgh--the stone construction, the towering spires, the fact that the city is perpetually moist all the time--but I do appreciate it when I cross the threshold to an interior and find it upbeat and modern.
There's a TV, but it's not a pub.
It has a bar but it's not a club.
56 North is comfortable.
It's like a giant pillow in front of a fire on a cold night.
It's where you take someone to hang out with for two hours.
It's where single guys work off a pint of bourbon and lament the days when they were in love.
Okay, that last one doesn't sound very fitting, but I could totally see it happening.
56 North gets my recommendation because it was unpretentious, welcoming, with better than average food.
With my review of North 54, that makes two latitudes.
That leaves 178 more to go....more or less.
DECOR:  7  PLATING: 7  SERVICE:  8  FOOD:  6  VALUE:  8     OVERALL:  7.2 out of 10

While visiting Edinburgh last Fall, I befriended a local fellow who recommended we meet up for drinks the night before I left town.
My traveling companion was a big gin fan, and our new friend claimed 56 North had the best selection in town...turns out, it could be the best selection in the entire UK!!
Beyond their 100+ varieties of gin, they have quite the extensive cocktail menu and wide array of whiskey, malts, vodka, and rum.
But back to the gin, since that's what brought us in...
The drink menu lists their gins by type (London Dry Style, Jenever, Old Tom, etc.
) with 56 North's mixer and garish recommendation(s)...all in the effort of their guests getting the fullest gin experience.
My favorites of the night were of the "unique gin" and "gin liquor" categories: Edinburgh Raspberry w/ Lemon Tonic and Caorunn w/ Elderflower Tonic and an apple wedge (both local Scottish gins).
We also decided to celebrate our last night in town with some cheesecake.
I know, I know...gin and cheesecake sounds like a weird combination, right?
Well, their key lime cheesecake was the bomb, and sure hit the sweet spot :) From what I hear, they have a different cheesecake selection from time to time, but if they're all as good as the key lime, you'll enjoy whatever the flavor of the night is.
If I'm back in town, I will definitely be hitting up 56 North again...and might actually try some food next time!
The spirits are flowing and the space is regal and hip.
56 North isn't your typical pub, club or lounge...it's the cool kid in town you just want to kick back and relax with!

Have only come in for drinks and I was impressed.
The selection of drinks is massive and I had no idea what to choose.
I love the themed drink list such as Star Wars and Back to the Future.
Staff is nice and know what they are doing.
They also put the football match on for me when I was there.
Kind of pricy and hipster but still not to bad.
I like this place and look forward to the next time I come to it especially since I will be trying the food.

I'm gonna hedge my bets on a 3 for now so I can have the pleasure of bumping this up the next time I'm in there and get to sample ALL THE GIN (or make a valiant attempt to anyway).
Amazing selection of gin, loved the wee code on the menu that helpfully points out the ideal mixer/garnish to have with each different one.
I went for an old favourite (Botanist) cause I was intrigued by the idea of someone sticking a wodge of grapefruit in it...end result?
Tangy citrussy ginny loveliness!
The cocktail menu looked pretty ace too, so will be hitting this place up to try a few of those next time too (any excuse really!).
Only downside I would note is that the prices are very edinburghish in here but the gin selection is second to absolutely none, the staff are friendly and the surroundings are lovely so it's worth it.
Not somewhere I'd come to drown my sorrows but definitely a great spot for some weekend drinks and chat!

This was my second visit to 56 North and after the finest Belly of Pork I've yet sunk my teeth into I was as happy as if I just had a second helping of pudding and found extra currants.
Mrs. M & I were here for a Burger and a Cocktail.
Mrs. M chose the Strawberry Sherbert and I chose the Cherry Tree Iced Tea.
For starters we had Duck Spring Roll & Deep Fried Battered Calamari Rings with Tartare Sauce.
The legendary Belly Pork was nowhere to be seen on the menu so for the main course we both had the ABC Burger with Guacamole, Bacon & Blue Cheese with Fries (or, Freedom Fries as we once called them in the USA as the French denied the USAF air space, oops, where was I?!).
The waitress bought us our Burgers first.
We mentioned that we had ordered Starters and the waitress apologised and took back the Burgers that were (apparently) then thrown away, and fresh ones made for later.
A few minutes later the starters arrived.
The Duck in the spring roll tasted nice, but really was quite dry.
Outside of that it was ok, it just didn't float my boat.
The Calamari was cooked just right.
It had flavor and was nice and tender.
The batter was kinda fatty and made a fair job of masking the beautiful freshness and overall taste of the Calamari.
The Tartare sauce was just too "Bready" (IMHO).
The Burger really looked the part and was cooked to my preference (as rare as legally possible).
The taste was lovely, sadly however, it was quite dry and not as moist and tender as some I've eaten.
The bun was nice, fresh and soft, the bacon and blue cheese went together oh so well and the Guacamole was delicious.
The fries were great, rather thin for my liking, but, they were amongst the best tasting I've eaten.
The Cocktails were fairly tasty, but way too weak for my personal preference.
Also, in the Cherry Brandy in the Cherry Tree Iced Tea had settled on the bottom, I only found this out as I finished it.
The Strawberry Sherbert was ok, but it was no bells and whistles.
The service was very rushed and with only half the restaurant full I really did wonder why the staff were whizz ing about in a tizz.
They also would ask me how the meal was and as I breathed in to answer them they whizzed off elsewhere.
The music was way too loud.
This place could be so much better.

