I'm not really into the performing artsbut last summer at the Edinburgh Fringe myself and a few mates decided to go and see a thirty minute performance of a play written by a feelance playwright after being assured it free and scary by a girl on The Royal Mile.
We were called 'gay' repeatedly by the rest of our friends but we set off anyway, hoping to be terrified and maybe catch a few free refreshments whilst we were at it.
The play probably would have been pretty scary had any of the audience actually understood what was going on.
Church Hill Theatre itself is actually quite impressive.
The man hall isn't enormous but it has some impressive artwork throughout and it had a good, enclosed atmosphere.
The refreshments were were also pretty good but, unfortunately, not cheap, costing about £3.80 for a small tub of ice cream.
Having done some research I found out that it also hosts Lothian Youth Arts as well as other clubs geared towards those with an interest the performing arts.
For this the people who run it are definitely due respect and if it's your sort of thing then Church Hill Theatre is a great venue to see a performance.

A magnificent building on the outside and enthralling plays on the inside, this is a great theatre to come to for a night out.
It's a fairly small theatre so its atmosphere is more involving and brings you closer to the heart of the play on offer.
As a theatre it offers more than many of your corporate theatres including amateur theatre groups.
These are my favourite of all theatre productions and what I believe real theatre is all about.
It's not quite grass roots and these productions are very good, but still raw and exciting.
It is worth a visit and will offer a good night out, but also offers a variety of classes over time.
Finding out when these are on can be a bit of a struggle, but checking the boards outside every now and then should keep you updated with what is going on.

Morningside's generally out of my way, so I don't venture there often.
It's not really far, per se, it's just it's not on my way TO anything so I generally miss out on stuff that goes on there.
But I went to Church Hill Theatre to see a friend of a friend in a production of Hair.
You know Hair, the infamous hippie musical from the 70s.
It's hilarious and worth a watch.
The production itself was really fun.
But as far as the theatre goes, it stands also on its own.
It's really gorgeous on the outside, and equally gorgeous on the inside.
The lighting and all was done really well, which I tend to think is creditable to the Theatre itself, as well as the people who work on the lighting.
The sound was good, too, so kudos to both the sound engineers and the space itself.
If you ever find anything going on there, definitely go.
It'll be worth it.

This theatre is absolutely gorgeous, stunning from the outside with decor which compliments on the inside.
This was my first visit here and have to say it didn't disappoint.

