This is one of my boyfriend's favorite restaurants.
Or rather, it was.
It recently changed hands and isn't as great as it used to be, apparently.
I've only been the once, so I'll comment on my experience from this past week.
The food was alright.
Nothing special or spectacular.
The tiramisu was short but quite strong, so that was a plus.
The music was horrid.
Terrible.
And really loud and distracting.
The restaurant was also quite cold.
I was seating in front of a radiator and I still wanted to put my coat on by the time we had gotten our starters.
As a whole, our party (5) enjoyed our meal, but it wasn't anything to rave about.
I nice little place and lovely views - especially during the lighter seasons, I presume.
But nothing to get too excited about.

Go for the view.
It is one of the best in the world.
PRICE: Not inexpensive, but considering the quality of the food it is not bad at all.
SIZE: Not a huge restaurant, but there is plenty of space to accommodate multiple groups and individuals without the place feeling crowded.
FEEL: The restaurant has a ship's cabin feel to it, and with the dim lighting and fantastic views over to the Forth Rail Bridge that is certainly a positive thing.
RANGE: Bella Vista has a wide range of delicious Italian antipasti and fish, pizza and pasta and desserts.
I first came to this fine establishment a few years ago.
I passed the inconspicuous front without much of a glance, and nearly walked on, had I not caught a glimpse of the menu.
On deciding to enter, my friend and I went in, looked around at the cabin-style interior, sat down and struggled to hide our elation.
The east-facing windows bordered a fine panorama of the southern-Fife coast and occupying the foreground in its regal finery was the great structure of the Forth Rail Bridge with the evening sun glinting off it.
As a civil engineer and a rail enthusiast (I am sorry if anyone who has read my other reviews thought I was sane) I love that thing, in fact it is my most favourite structure in the world, but even you, the sane, non-eccentric type will appreciate the beauty of the bridge.
We read through the menu, noting many dishes that looked positively excellent, and eventually rounded on two pizzas, a ham and mushroom and a seafood one.
The food arrived and was delicious, and as it happens I returned once more, finding the food to again be excellent, this time having a pasta dish.
The place has a great feel, the staff are friendly and skilled, and amongst the many good Italian restaurants in and around Edinburgh, this one is a contender for the top.
Don't let the simple exterior fool you: this place is worth at least one visit.

Bella Vista really does give a "beautiful view".
One of the many restaurants offering a scenic panorama of the Forth and the epic Rail Bridge, this is one of the best.
I love the feel of Bella Vista.
That cosy wooden cabin feel.
Altogether the atmosphere in this place is really great.
The food is pretty good too, that is, it tastes nice.
Unfortunately the portions are quite small.
When I ordered soup I didn't even get bread with it, and they charged me almost £2 when I asked for some.
This is unfortunately consistent with the restaurants slightly higher than average prices.
But don't let this put you off what is still quality food at its heart.
Apart from the one hiccup with the bread the staff were perfectly amiable  As an obviously Italian restaurant you can expect mostly Italian standards.
They also offer a range of fish, as with most restaurants in Queensferry.
On my second visit I had a vegetarian pizza and was quite pleased!
Expect quality food in a fantastic location, but expect to pay a little extra.

