You can't go far wrong with Imo really, they're the best when it comes to washing cars (apart from my mum, she has the knack).
They market themselves as being the cheapest carwash around, and I quite believe they are.
They have different choices for your car at different prices - ranging from around £2 to £6.50.
You can't deny, they do a good job.
You can either chose to get it hand-washed by them or through the machine.
Go for the machine - they have multicoloured foam!
I know it's kinda childish, but there's something magical about being surrounded by pink, blue, green and yellow foam.
It's like I'm in a bah of skittles.

I recently brough my car up to Edinburgh from home, where it had sat on the drive pretty much since I had left home to go to university.
As I'm sure you can imagine, it was pretty filthy, so I pulled up here expecting to shell out £5 or so for a crappy was that wouldnt really be that great.
Needless to say, when I realised that the cheapest was was £2, i was suprised and I was even more suprised when the car came out looking like a million dollars.
Very impressive for £2, but thier prices can go up to around £6 - which I'm sure must involve so many polishes and waxes and cleans that dirt must be simply repelled from the body of your car, never getting dirty again.

Treated my car to a car wash for the first time (I usually hand wash it) but I won't be back!
Yes, it's cheap and quick but the supervisor sprayed my red car with some white cleaner and it stained my car!
The bonnet had white spray splash marks which wouldn't come off, it had discoloured the paint finish.
As I was sat in the car when it was getting cleaned and just drove off after, I hadn't noticed the damage until I got home.
The were closed by the time I called, so I drove there in the morning to see what they could do.
Initially they acted ver defensive, said the marks were nothing to do with them and that their cleaner wouldn't cause the damage.
They eventually agreed to put the car through the car wash again, free of charge, but the stains were still there after.
They argued it appeared better, but I was still not happy with the results and will not return or trust their car wash again.
If you love your car, as I do, be kind to it and hand wash or spend a little extra and get it cleaned professionally elsewhere.

