Chez Jules is an absolute gem of a restaurant.
Situated on Hanover Street, Chez Jules is right in the centre of the New Town and is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.
Chez Jules is a French bistro, which I first visited a few months ago, and I will definitely be going back again soon.
The menu offers an excellent choice of authentic French dishes including French onion soup, bouillabaisse and fillet steaks.
I came here lunch and I ordered a seafood crepe, which i thought sounded a wee bit odd on the menu but I tried it, and it was truly amazing.
The fish were cooked perfectly and tasted really fresh and there was a delicious sauce with it - yummy!
And it came with fries - score!!
I had the chocolate mouse for dessert which was equally delicious and left me wanting more.
The prices vary, with soups and starters coting less than £5, and most main dishes are around £10, but some main meals can cost £20 which is pretty pricey.
Chez Jules is a great wee bistro and an excellent place to get a little taste of France.

Coming here about a week ago turned out to be a date with an unexpected but fun twist!
I remember as a small naive Greek child watching corny American kids films all these eateries where the staff were in costume and provided some sort of entertainment whilst serving food at the same time....well about 17 years later this vision became reality when having seen the very very attractive offer of a three course meal  for  a mere 7.90£ (back to the 1990 prices!
) I had not realized that this day of course coincided with the anniversary of the French revolution, thus meaning all staff dressed in appropriate attire complete with wigs and makeup.
The 'frenchness' was further completed with an accordionist and the occasional loud and somewhat charming signing of the restaurant owner himself.
Now to business: for a set menu I would have to say overall very impressed.
It is uncommon in Edinburgh that as soon as you are seated bread olives and salad appear.
The onion soup was very tasty and the skirt steak being french were just the right amount of rare.
(read bloody-how appropriate for commemorating that particular anniversary.
)  The chocolate mousse was the perfect ending.
Our wine,at only 13£ was delicious -it was the second red on their menu.
The place was buzzing and justifiably so, and I am very much looking forward to my next visit.

My first impression of Chez Jules' menu was that it wasn't the most extensive in town.
Deciding on the vegetarian moussaka for my main and the peanut ice cream for dessert, I was impressed at the portion sizes and the quality.
I'll also admit to being slightly jealous of my dining partner's choice of mussels, which (after "borrowing" a few) I found to be just as tasty.
On the downside, diners were seated very close to each other when the bistro wasn't that busy, but it is quite a small place.
Highly recommended.

I've been to Chez Jules' sister restaurant several times (Pierre Victoire on Eyre Place) and always had fabulous meals, so I was looking forward to dining here.
After an initial shaky start (literally - our table was very wobbly!
) I had a lovely dinner and will certainly be back.
The dinner menu was a bit more expensive than I was expecting - most main courses were around £15 - £20.
I opted for the plate of mussels that was served with aioli and a healthy (or not!
) portion of chips.
The enormous plate of food was lovely and I enjoyed every bite.
I went for the Dame Blanche sundae for pudding, having been tempted by the promise of Chantilly cream.
Although overall it was really lovely and the vanilla ice cream was to die for, the chocolate was a bit too bitter for my tastes.
However, this is the perfect dessert for dark chocolate lovers.
Next time I think I will plump for the creme brulee...   On the positive - lovely, lovely bistro food in rustic decor.
I love the chalk board menus and hand-written posters scattered throughout the restaurant.
The lunch menu looks great at less than a tenner for three courses, so I will be back for that.
Before ordering we were presented with a bowl of salad, bread and salami, which was a great opener to dinner.
On the negative - the dinner menu was a bit more expensive than I was expecting and was a bit limited if you're not all about meat, and the ladies' loos weren't ideal.
So minus a star for those reasons.
However, still a great place to eat.
I will definitely make repeat visits here.

Sacrebleu !
Chez Jules is certainly not the most upmarket French restaurant in town and the service isn't the greatest.
Neither is the menu.
But most of my French friends love this place for a a few reasons:  1 - It is reasonably priced.
2 - You can get French comfort food, such as "poulet frites" or "côte de boeuf / gratin" like your (French) mum used to cook when you were a child.
3 - You drink your red in a tumbler resembling what you had in your primary school's canteen (aaah memories).
4 - The interior is a hilarious display of clichés.
The music is a mix of slightly 'ringarde" French chanson and sometimes there's an "accordéon" playing in the corner.
Oh and let's not forget the checkered tablecloth.
Frenchness is better with a bit of self-deprecating humour - a fairly Scottish trait should I say?
The place is not a French restaurant.
It's the stereotype of a French restaurant in a vague era of the past, somewhere between the '60s and the '80s.
Mais oui messieurs dames !

Good food at very decent prices if getting a lunch offer!!!
:) Food is good otherwise as well of course, but slightly on the pricier side.
Nice environment,friendly staff and atmosphere.
Noise level may become slightly above average if busy.
Will definitively go back soon.

Painfully slow, but kind service.
Four of us walked in around 8pm last night for dinner (without a reservation) and we were seated right away.
Before our asses even hit the bench a waitress placed a large salad bowl, basket of bread, and small plate of mixed olives and pearl onions on the table.
Thank god for that, because it was a solid 20 minutes before she returned to take our order.
That includes drinks!
So- 20 minutes later and finally a waitress arrives to take our order.
I got the mussels,  and holy crap were they deeelicious.
Without a doubt, some of the best cooked mussels I've ever had.
And on top of it, there were enough on my plate to last a lifetime (see my pictures).
Sister got the 6oz filet mignon, which FYI does not come with a side.
Dad got the half chicken and mom got the scallops.
For dessert we shared the crepe suzanne w/chocolate ice cream- do it.
Mom claims her cappuccino was incredible.
We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals and (despite the service) would absolutely return.

I am giving this place 5 stars despite them screwing up my order.
It's a French place with cheap plastic table cloth and non-wineglass glasses.
But it was quite busy and the menu looked vast and tasty.
I got the 15 ounce ribeye here with béarnaise sauce, medium rare.
Does that make you salivate?
It should.
It was a yummy steak, cooked very well, smothered in creamy sauce.
It came with a whole frying pan of au gratin potatoes: potatoes in butter in cheese.
It was the right amount of food, and delicious, so I forgive them for totally forgetting my French onion soup.
My vegan friend also enjoyed her dinner, which was a salad.
She claimed it was one of the best salads she's had in Edinburgh.
For dessert, I got a crepe with citrusy stuff on it, and it was quite solid.
Also, the waitresses are gorgeous here.

Chez Jules is a bit of a caricature of a French bistrot, the decor and the cheesy background music contributing to that a  lot.
Chez Jules is also great because it's a non-pretentious place where you can get good food at decent prices at any time in the afternoon.
It is thus the perfect place for a late Saturday lunch with (preferably) a bunch of cheery friends.
The steak is awesome.
I like their 'cote de boeuf' and hurray, they can make it blue!
Steak is served with a pan of gratin dauphinois so if a few people at the table order steak then we all get to share a huge pan of yummy gratin.
The steak tartare is not bad either and I've heard that the seafood and fish dishes are damn good too.
Minus points: Service can be a bit slow The cheesy music (although I guess it makes a great conversation topic) Can get very noisy at busy times and make conversation difficult I find the set lunch menu not so great (but, for £8, I guess you can't complain)  Plus points: Great a la carte or specials Fab gratin dauphinois Salad, bread, olives and charcuterie brought on arrival Very drinkable house red Open all day from 12 noon No frills place Friendly owner The 'rincette' coffees (you gotta have one of those!
)  Overall, highly recommended for a casual lunch or dinner with friends.
I love this place and I can't believe I only went for the first time 2 months ago!

Great wee place!
Chez Jules has been around for ages - was a massive chain in the 90's but now limited to Edinburgh.
Food is rustic French - hearty, no frills but very good and there are some lovely (free) touches.
Headed here as a group of 9 for a Christmas lunch.
Bargain £9.90 3 course lunch!
A choice of around 3/4 starters, mains and desserts and being GF, I had no issues so a nice 'safe' place.
Arriving at our table, there was a large bowl of lettuce with dressing, salami, olives, bread and water - all free and ready for us to tuck into which was appreciated.
Service was pretty quick and efficient - it was busy but staff coped well.
Note - its a small restaurant at basement level so tables are close together.
I had smoked salmon to start, the coq au vin and a chocolate mousse!
It was fantastic and hard to criticise for paying less than £10!
The salmon was ok but the coq au vin was delicious - the chicken was so tender and fell off the bone.
Divine!!
The side was potato gratin which was great too!
Chocolate mousse rounded things off nicely.
I'll definitely go back to Chez Jules and will keep an eye out for any of their special deals as it is well worth it!

The quintessential French eatery - simple French dishes, drinkable house wine - a green leaf salad with French dressing and some pickles/ salami are automatically included, so no starters are necessary.
Les fourmules pour deux - dishes to be shared between two people are very good - the coq au vin is a favourite!

Popped in here for a bit of impromptu lunch as I remembered they did a nice rotisserie chicken and frites and I suddenly had a yearning for some comfort food.
The atmosphere is very informal and typical French cafe style if you've ever been to Paris.
You get presented with French bread, olives, cured meat and some dressed salad as you peruse the menu.
Nice!
The wine is served in beakers!
When in France....
The lunch menu was really good value at £7.90 for 2 courses but I was fixated on my roast chicken and couldn't be swayed by the coq au vin with mash or the steak and frites which did look lovely.
I couldn't really fault the food - my chicken was tender, the gravy savoury and fragrant and the frites yummy.
My mum and aunt thoroughly enjoyed theirs too.
What did I not like?
Well:  1/The toilets are disgusting and smell foul.
I don't like washing my hands with the cheapest soap possible and drying them with blue roll!
2/ We were put at a table near the kitchen so every man and his dog banged into our table inc the waitresses and this stupid huge board thing with the lunch choices on it.
The chef walked over my aunts scarf as he passed with a box of food.
3/ I didn't like the taste of their pre bottled water.
The bottle looked grubby and it tasted of fish tank!
4/ Sticky tables and glasses!
Ew.
The only reason I'm scoring this place a 3 is for the food and the fact my mum reminded me I can't compare it to higher end restaurants.
Fine.

I did try this place thanks to great rewievs on Yelp.
BUT WHAT A PLACE OF BAD FOOD.
Mussels-soggy and old Chevre chaud-nothing speciell just boring - Surf and turf-Lobseter soggy and old-meat dry Lobster-soggy and not fresch - And the last bonus Creme Brulee at a french restaurant????
it was so bad actually the worts i tried.
Staff was ok and audience vibrant.
Will not return.

A birthday meal with a group of friends is always a difficult balancing act.
You need to find somewhere that caters for your needs but isn't too divisive financially or culinarily.
A night out to celebrate my impending 31st birthday had been arranged for some time but the restaurant had been left to the last-minute.
Where to go?
My favourite place Martin Wishart?
- too austere and expensive.
My favourite chinese Wang (Star Sea Inn)?
Too out there (what with all the pigs ears and intestines).
My favourite bistro The Honours?
- too flash.
At the last minute I decided on the extremely unhip but reliable Chez Jules (Hanover Street).
I have been many times before and am always impressed by the quality and consistency of their simple, unfussy, french cooking that lets ingredients speak for themselves.
This was to be no exception.
The ragtag mob I brought with me in celebration are not easily impressed.
One of them is a fine dining expert who has eaten in multiple 3 Michelin starred establishments and another is a former owner proprietor of one of Lanark's premier eateries 'McChan'!
High standards all round and they would not be slow in telling me my choice was a dead duck!
One of the immediate things that hit me about Chez Jules was how busy it was.
10pm on a Saturday night and it was absolutely heaving, not a seat in the house.
Noisy and rambunctious in atmosphere, the place was abuzz with patter, tittle-tattle and the chink of glasses.
Terrific, my kind of place and perfect for the occasion.
Fuelled by the light, cheap and eminently drinkable house red (£14.95)we were soon very settled in.
One of Chez Jules appealing idiosyncracies is the 'free starter' that every table receives while perusing the menu.
It consists of freshly cooked bread, french salami, olives, pickles and best of all (and i never thought I would say this), a big bowl of dressed salad.
The leaves were fresh, crisp and the mustard dressing was bursting with flavour.
We devoured the lot with such gusto that another free portion was hastily sent over!
Of course, how this freebie affects the number of starters that people order is up for debate as a business aside, but for customer satisfaction it is top-notch.
Another Chez Jules quirk that screams value is their water policy.
It's a bug bare of mine when you ask for water and the restaurant brings you a bottle of £6 Tufa.
Often you are made to feel like a philistine for requesting tap-water.
Chez Jules has cold tap water at every table in bottles that they diligently replenish.
If you want mineral water, it's there on the menu but you are not tricked or shamed into it.
After a reasonable wait, although not unexpected given the volume of customers, we received our main courses.
I opted for the £19 'Surf n Turf', a half Scottish lobster, half 6oz rib eye steak combination served with french fries.
The lobster tasted fresh, succulent and meaty.
It was well complimented by the excellent home-made aioli served on the side.
The fries were  crisp, salty and moreish.
A lot of my friends also ordered steaks of various kinds and compliments rained in over their seasoning and cooking.
No steak, even the Fillet came in at over £18.
Another big hit was the Dophinoise served as a complementary side dish with steak.
They are served to the table in a large, hot pan, still bubbling away and they burst with flavour and creamy goodness.
I would recommend ordering them at £2.75 regardless of having steak or not!
The best dish ordered was the Bourride Provencale priced at £25.70.
An enormous dish for 2 to share it contained half a lobster, Crab, fish, mussels, scallops, squid, aioli and new potatoes in a rich tomato based sauce.
It is served with a pile of bread to dip in the so you can drain all the taste from the pan.
Truly epic value and terrific, simple dish.
I was completely stuffed by my main but managed to cram in some mango sorbet which was delightfully cleansing on the palate and soothing to the throat.
I'm not sure if it was homemade but the taste was very good.
My friend McChan allowed me to taste his chocolate mouse which was dark and rich.
A little bitter for my taste, it was clearly made with a very high cocoa solids chocolate.
We rounded of the meal with a few Aztec (Kaluha) coffees, which at £2.50 a time, once again reflect the  terrific value at Chez Jules.
With a bill for five winging in at £175.
Chez Jules is cheap, cheerful fare but more importantly, it serves simple food very well.
Recommended.

My friend and I went here for a Sunday lunch and I was pleasantly surprised to see that a 2 course menu was only £7.90, so I had a green bean & bacon salad followed by mussels and fries.
Before tucking into these, the waitress brought over some nicely dressed salad, lovely bread, olives and salami.
As the sister restaurant of Pierre Victoire, they both seem to have this concept - which I quite enjoy.
The salad was nice enough, though maybe a bit too heavy handed on the mustard dressing.
I enjoyed the pot of mussels and those fries....mmm.
They were absolutely delicious: hot and crispy and just perfect.
There is a big sign outside the restaurant that the ladies toilets have been renovated, and indeed they were.
The service was alright, but it seemed that one the waitresses just went through the motions and she really needs to learn to smile.
All in all, Chez Jules is a good place for lunch or dinner.

One of my absolute favourites in Edinburgh.
Always a good atmosphere bordering to party vibes.
And good food for little price.
You can come on your own or in a big group - Chez Jules staff will never be fazed will always make everything happen and you will have a feel-good evening!
Nice clean clear French food - good wines - oysters (which is of course for me a super plus aspect).
Surf and Turf is one of their star dishes in case you can't decide whether to have seafood or meat.
Either way - this place is a must-go in Edinburgh!

I got recommended this restaurant by a friend and I was certainly wowed by the food and the service was impeccable.
We visited on a busy Friday night and the place was buzzing with a mixture of tourists and locals alike.
Upon been seated 2 minutes a member of staff brought across some crusty bread ,olives and some lovely salami for us to graze on.
The wine was excellent and chilled to perfection.
The smoked salmon starter was brilliantly presented and tasted very fresh.
For my main course I plumped for the cote de boeuf which was cooked medium exactly how I asked for it with a peppercorn sauce and a side of potato gratin which again was outstanding.
The portions are spot on and you definitely get value for money in this restaurant.
It is rustic hearty French food in a lovely relaxed environment.
I asked for the dessert menu to be polite but spotted the chocolate mousse and was persuaded to try by my dining partner and my oh my am I glad I did.
It rounded of a perfect evening very nicely.
A warm welcome exceptional service and  great authentic French food and excellent value for money await if you visit this restaurant.
I will certainly be visiting again soon.
The best meal I have had in Edinburgh.

Dined here last night and really enjoyed it.
We were rather on the late side around 10pm having been at a networking event in 99 Hanover.
Still, it was no issue we were seated by the waitress and settled in.
A bottle of prosecco came very reasonable priced and I really enjoyed the olives, pickles, salami, bread and salad.
I read a review complaining they no longer give free pate too......seriously???
Anyway, for my starter I went for the frogs legs and snails - 3 of each.
Garlicy goodness, I think how that can be best described.
I managed to convert my 2 dining partners into being escargot fans which I am taking as a big win.
For main we all went for steak.
I had rib-eye and the others went for fillet.
I had the bayonaise sauce - wish I had gone garlic butter...hmmmmmmm garlic.
We were served with a large dish of dauphoinise which I really liked.
The steak was perfectly rare if a little on the thin side.
very tasty meat though and well seasoned.
This was my first trip here, it wont be my last!!
Ches Jules comes highly JD Recommended!

Qu'est-ce que je ferais sans toi?
What an amazing place.
Came here before the peak hours and we had the place to ourselves.
Love the style inside , sort of like a 1940's hipster movie theme.
Love the wooden tables and the candles and everything about it.
Being an old romantic I love that atmosphere.
I decided to get all the food that would normally be strange to folks.
I got the frog legs which were amazing!
Soaked in butter and spices and herbs they were so tasty , honestly just like chicken but more tender.
Then for my main I had the beef tartar which was actually minced steak not normal hamburger.
Its healthier haha .
Had some very good red wine and a number of after meal drinks.
Cant express how good this place is anyways the prices were not to bad at all either.
Do come here cause this place is really really good and they have a very very good menu.

They cook their steaks perfectly.
The lunch set menu is so cheap.
You get free bread, salad ( i LOVE the dressing and it"s abundance) and olives.
What's not to like??
You can choose sizes of steaks of different cuts but the 6oz fillet does seem to get smaller and smaller and looks teeny on the plate.
The half of a tiny tomato is pointless but the potatoes...the dauphinoise potatoes...oh they are wonderful...though again, different every time...
I don't love the studentjustgotinfromalectureandnowhastoservepeople aspect - they seem poorly informed and incapable of mature and proper service.
And even tho the whole thing seems v cheap and cheerful (notices all over from Jules irreverantly inferring to the new 'better' ladies rooms (still hideous) and generally rude french style rules here and there) it does still seem that £60 for 2 courses and a 1/2ltr carafe of watery rose wine is a bit steep.
....
But there is only one star missing coz I still cannot stop thinking about the fillet steak any time I have to chose somewhere to eat with friends/family etc.
And i think of the creamy dauphinoise and WANT IT!!
Be 5 stars if the illusion of cheap food and wine actually turned out to be cheap!

