Do you ever come across places that are so good you want to tell the whole world about them, but equally want to keep secret in case everyone starts going?
That's my dilemma with the Broughton Delicatessen!
It's located about ten minutes from my flat and has become part of my Sunday ritual.
It is not only a deli selling a wide range of meats, cheeses, breads and cakes etc, it's also a lovely little cafe (which always has tables available - hence my reluctance to tell everyone about it!).
This place should be held up as a shining example to all other purveyors of sandwiches and deli items: they roast their own meats, make their own chutneys, bake their own cakes and bread, they even make granola!
The atmosphere is wonderfully unpretentious and the staff are always friendly and welcoming, it's like sitting in your own living room but with nice cakes and better coffee.
My only complaint would be that it's not open in the evening - they held a supper club a few weeks ago (i.e.
you pay a set price and they give you dinner), so I hope they continue to do more in the future.

Broughton Delicatessen and Cafe has managed to create a unique business which not only allows you to look around at their large array quality produce, but also to sit down and enjoy a hot or cold drink and a tasty cake.
On the menu for the cafe they have a tempting selection of muffins, sandwiches and crepes to choose from.
They also serve an impressive platter of smoked ham which looked filling and delicious.
I ordered a pastrami and salad baguette with mayonnaise which made for a tasty and adequate lunch for only about £3.
I didn't sit in and eat, but the cafe has a cool, bohemian feel to it with DIY artwork all over the walls and jumbled up furniture.
This is a great place to come for a delicious lunch with great service and ambiance.

Very good, but a little bit stuck-up, The Broughtoun Delicatessen is well aware that it's of the highest quality, and has the exact look, atmopsphere and menu that will have the IKEA shopping, Guardian reading Yelpers among you creaming in your pants.
Like much of the neighbouring establishments though, it does feel that little bit contrived and unloveable, but that may just be my cynicism at work.
I've only had a slice of chocolate cake, which was very, very good, and entirely homemade, but in the cold, harsh terms of taste not quite worth the 100% markup that the Broughton deli put on their cakes compared to neighbouring venues.
Still, I'll say that the deli is more than worth a second visit from me, and if they pull a blinder for my upcoming lunch visit, they'll get star number 5.

I love the food here.
They have new menus everyday so you know the food is always fresh and there is guaranteed to be something new and exciting.
I had the feta and sun blushed tomato tart last time I was there.
It came with an amazing spicy broccoli salad, very random sounding and not something I would ever had thought of but it totally worked.
They really know food here!
While the menu does change everyday it always has sandwich's, salads, a tart and a hot meal.
All of which is made on site my the owner.
The retail side of the business is limited so come expecting to buy lots to cook at home but you can take the food away and try to pass off as your own at a dinner party- you'd find yourself very popular!

I enjoyed my little trip to the stylish confines of the Broughton Deli.
It strikes a really good balance between chic and homely.
Overall, we said: "I thought the Broughton Deli had a lot of charm, and you can't fault it in terms of seeking to blending heartiness with elegance.
It's more the sort of place I'd prefer to sit-in for lunch, rather than regularly visit for takeaway, but I'd recommend you pay it a visit and soak in its undoubted delights.

Anyone who knows me will know I'm *obsessed* with soup.
And bread.
And cheese.
Lunch in general.
Deli lunches in particular.
Broughton Deli did not disappoint.
The broccoli and stilton soup I had yesterday was lush, and, coming in with three slabs of nice bread at just £2.50, amazingly good value.
Definitely going back for more.

Fantastic wee find nestled in amongst the fabulous Broughton Street area (full of funky wee shops that you can easily lose a few hours browsing in!).
I love Broughton Deli & Cafe equally for a quick grab & run lunch, or a leisurely weekend brunch - until now I have kept it a secret, however, I'm in a "sharing" kind of mood!
;-)  They do a mean salad selection & daily specials board, and for a weekend treat the crepes are a MUST!
Then there is the cake stand........
If you are even slightly intrigued by this homely wee cafe pick up your book, the paper or a mag and head along... best experienced when you are not in a hurry!
Enjoy!

Excellent cheese scones, pleasant atmosphere and friendly staff.
What more could a girl want at 9am on a cold, rainy May morning?
The cafe is a bit tucked away as it's off the main stretch on Broughton Street and I've walked past it dozens of times without paying it any heed.
Won't be making that mistake in the future... Also, excellent deli options!
Salads looked amazing.

This place is really very nice and a good place to go for breakfast daily.

Food was ok but personally I'd say it's over hyped.
Extremely unorganised business and critically understaffed, we were waiting for over a half hour for a simple coffee.
Only two people working on a very busy Saturday morning, they had their work cut out for them!

So on a Monday morning on Broughton Street, where to go since our first choice was shut :(  Oh well, save that one for a cheeky mid week cake session!!
First impression it was bright red on the outside but quite neutral on the inside.
The lady said she would be with us shortly to take our order, a wee bit of a wait as I was going to go and check out the cakes showing themselves off at the window!
Loads to choose from and the slice is a good potion, thank goodness I was sharing!
I choose for both of us: The "white chocolate and pear" cake.
I could taste the white chocolate but not really much pear.
But it had a nice crumb.
Coffee was a Cappuccino but I like mine stronger and less milky, but it was drinkable and managed with no sugar, which in it's self is a winner.
For 2 small cappuccinos and a big piece of cake it was reasonable and would come back to grab one of the takeaway sandwiches as they sounded really nice!

I was a bit dubious when told I was coming here for lunch but you know what it was really very nice.
With a full and very varied deli menu I opted for the tart of the day with salad.
A very nice pastry with a healthy filling...tasty.
Quinoa salad along side it - all in all a treat.
Coffee was ok but could have been better and the servoce was not greati

