This is my favourite TK Maxx and I've been to all the Edinburgh Stores, Glasgow stores, the one in Dublin, a few in the US.
This one has a great homeware section.
There are alway bits of le Cruset or Doulton on offer.
They have great kitchenware and they carry large items of furniture.
Look out for stuff with red labels, those are the real bargains.
I've been known to wait for stuff to be reduced rather than pay the first price they want.
The only draw back with this place is that the racks are usuually crammed with clothes and shoppers never put things back where they got them from.
I've had some really great bargains like DKNY Pure, baby Dior and MCQ.
The toys can be good value but the boxes are usually so bashed you couldn't buy them for gifts.
Parking here is so easy and you can normally get parked right outside.

I am a little more sympathetic to TK Maxx than Stephanie.
It is indeed disorganised, it is a bit dingy, but maybe its because I too look like an extra from a gypsy wedding that I'm more at home here.
In truth I hate shopping, especially clothes shopping, especially ESPECIALLY shoe shopping, so TK Maxx is basically a  quick efficient way to find discount gear.
I can't afford any top brands, or particularly good quality clothing, unless I come to somewhere like TK Maxx, which at the end of the day is an outlet store for clothes out of season.
I disagree that the clothes look like a throwback to the 90s, they look like a throwback to any period, including the 50s and last week, as it's all pretty much a random assortment.
The upside is that you can get lucky.
The last time I was in TK Maxx I bought  a suit jacket that I would normally never have been able to afford.
Twas a bargain.
Don't get me wrong, I have no affection for TK Maxx.
I see it as a useful service to be used then tossed aside like... well you know the line.

"What price is it?
- Oh I can get that cheaper in TK Maxx!
"   Yes, I am a TK Maxx fan extraordinaire.
I just to love browsing through the racks and stands for that elusive bargain and the odd "how did THAT get in here for that price?!
" - Not surprisingly many of my current clothing is bought here.
Superdry Jeans for £16, Loake's for £45, Saville shirts for £17 and Fat Face body warmer £25 (oh and basically my whole sock drawer) Besides clothing we buy pots & pans, books, Police sunglasses, Garnier moisturisers & Banana Boat sun lotions, Quicksilver leather bags, Calvin Klein suitcases, Ethos bathmats, cutlery, wine glasses, and Jamie Oliver roasting tins.
and the odd bit of furniture.
Heck I even get presents from here for weddings!
(yes I just admitted to this..)  The best thing about buying with TK is that most of it is brands and if you choose the right piece you can sell it off afterwards on eBay for the same price or sometimes even more!
- It is like you're not even really paying for your stuff, but eventually someone else is.
About the store itself, it is big and you can find your stuff pretty easy.
The layout is straight and basically if it is not left then it is right.
It is like a vintage store, but bigger and with more modern and recent items.
It has its off days, so I tend to visit once or twice a month to keep things fresh.
They have new gear arriving about every 2 weeks or so.
That way you'll be sure that you don't get bored with the selection.
I agree that some of the clothing I do not want to be seen dead in, but hey I just don't buy it then.
Another thing is that you can return any item (on show of receipt) within 2 weeks of purchase.
I can't fault TK Maxx, but it the image of shopping here that bothers people - I say it loud and proud : I shop at TK MAXX and I like it!

I like TK Maxx.
Some things are bargains others so not but hey you gotta raid a little bit.
best time to go is first thing on a week day as it's so quiet.
It's in Meadowbank retail park and bus a good bus route to it plus parking for cars.
It's a big store so lots to choose from and the staff are friendly too.

Rarely do I manage to venture into TK Maxx and leave empty handed.
There really are some great bargains to be found, especially on kitchen/home ware.
I find it quite hard to shop for clothes unless I have something specific in mind as I find the clothing section can sometimes resemble a jumble sale and I lack the patience to rifle through the chaos.
Never had any problems with quality of items and on the odd chance I've had to return something the process was straightforward and fuss free.

