I've always heard good things about the Dakota hotel, but never been tempted to go.
Whenever I think 'where will I go for dinner tonight?
' the Dakota doesn't quite jump to mind.
But it should have...
When I eventually made it to the Dakota I was blown away.
I was there with my mum as there was a deal on - 'just the two of us', dinner bed and breakfast for £139.
Bargain!
The restaurant is really nice, with a wall dedicated to The Rat Pack and heaps of photographs everywhere.
It was really nice.
The food was delicious too - I had crab then lemon sole with veg.
The restaurant prides itself on its fresh fish (it has won many awards) and the pork belly - which my mum said was the best meal she'd had in years.
Although it was quite far out, the restaurant was packed.
It was a victim of its own success to a point, however, as there were lots of queues and people waiting around.
I was disappointed in the breakfast however, they ran out of croissants,  sausages and marmalade.
GUTTED!

Really good value if you can get into Edinburgh from here - much, much more comfortable, modern accomodation than you will find elsewhere for the money.
Similar vibe to the W chain in the US if you are familiar with that - the restaurant focuses on fresh fish and was quite full, so book in advance if you want to try it.
Next to a grocery store if you have any requirements for snacks/fruit etc.
for the room.
I'd definitely stay here again if the opportunity arose.

We were given a voucher by my in laws to use at this hotel.
We used the voucher to book the 'Friday at the Dakota' deal.
£119 got us a cocktail on arrival,£20 each towards dinner, overnight stay and breakfast in the morning.
Brilliant!
We arrived after dark and the outside of the hotel looks really cool!
The interior is gorgeous too.
I got a 'gentlemen's living room' type feel from it.
We really felt that we were staying somewhere 'fancy'  We weren't offered our free cocktail when we arrived at the bar but we mentioned it to the waiter after being seated for dinner and free cocktails were served as we ordered food, which was delicious.
A great selection on the menu for dinner and plenty to choose from at the breakfast table as well as a cooked breakfast menu.
We found the service from all staff  to be fantastic.
I would recommend staying here or even dinner and cocktails.
Though I can't comment on prices without the overnight deals.

