Had a buffet here a number of years ago but this week's visit was the first sit-down meal I'd had in this hotel restaurant.
Ordinarily I'd not have chosen it but it's close to work and they'd a two courses for £8.50 deal on that suited my party's needs.
The deal was available as advertised & the staff aware of it so no complaints on that score.
Both the white & rose wine ordered were pronounced enjoyable.
All meals were served with the minimum of delay (we were though practically the only customers between 6 & 7) and no-one could fault the presentation or taste.
On the downside I think there need to be more than 3 oatcakes with the farmhouse terrine as it is a good sized portion you're served and the oatcakes were completely absent from the cheese selection I had for dessert.
We also ordered chocolate ice-cream but received vanilla.
All in all average but pleasant which is probably the best that a lot of such places can aim for seeing as the main income of hotels is from accommodation.

Bottom Line:  There are many other centrally located hotels and rental apartments in Edinburgh, so I do NOT recommend risking Apex City Hotel's billing practices.
PROs:  The Apex City Hotel is located between all the top tourist attractions, restaurants, bars, and clubs.
We loved the free internet and free computers.
The rooms were nicely sized and well kept.
The furniture was a little dated and worn.
The reception staff were very nice, professional, and accommodating.
CONs:  The reservation staff are ruthless.
We booked our 2 night stay prior to starting our trip and turned down their offer to book a third night at half price.
During our trip, we decided to stop at Edinburgh a night sooner.
Apex City Hotel referred us to their offsite reservation staff to the book the extra night.
(Weird that they can't do it at the hotel, but ok.)  We called and were disappointed that the reservation staff would no longer offer us the third night at half price.
Moreover, we found out AFTER we got home that they treated our addition of an extra night as a modification to our reservation and charged us $64!!
We never authorized this charge.
I learned of it for the first time when reviewing my credit card statement.
After several emails with their reservation staff, they are standing behind their charge.
I couldn't believe it!
We paid $455.96 for three nights at their hotel (NOT including the $64 charge)....in the OFF SEASON.
I can't imagine what they charge during peak season.
And I really can't imagine why they felt entitled to charging us for "modifying" our reservation by adding a night.
We didn't get the rescinding of the third night at half off deal....but found the "modification" fee for wanting to stay a third night absolutely ridiculous.
I had to contest the charge with VISA.

Quite nice hotel in the middle of Edinburgh, located at grass-market.
Personnel was obliging.
We would cancel the breakfast there and get sth.
in town.
Price was pretty high, so that the price-performance ratio is quite low.
Recommendation?
Staying there is OK, but there might be better choices around.

Stopped in here and got a room same day.
We were just passing through for one day and this place had what we needed.
A room for three, a bathroom and a bed.
We even got a little holiday rubber duck to toss in the backpacks!
Super friendly staff and they were able to store our bags for us when we got there and the room wasn't available yet so that we could go and explore the city.
We were there in the off season, so chances are we were just lucky... was a little pricey and  located at the bottom of a GIANT hill, so that sucked.
All in all, glad we found the place.

Good breakfast, friendly staff, amazing location, nice rooms, a smallish gym (but it's there!
), free internet, good vibe, etc..
BUT!
What brings this hotel from a 3 to a 4  is the complimentary rubber ducks - need I say more?
:-D

