A good shop where the staff will custom build a PC to your specifications e.g.
case, memory, hard disk, graphics card etc.
There's not too many places in Edinburgh that provide this service, so it's useful if you know exactly what you want.

User 2 Computers is situated in a prime location on South Clerk Street, a busy thoroughfare that means it is well on the radar of students and residents alike.
Like many independent computer shops, they offer a range of services - from sales of new and refurbished PCs, accessories and peripherals; to repairs and upgrades.
I was almost forced into using this shop when my old laptop became overrun with viruses and spyware due to a poor choice of antivirus software on my part.
A quick search online revealed this to be the closest to where I lived, and so I paid them a visit.
Their repair team were able to successfully restore my computer back to full health in a few days, and were also able to recommend a better antivirus product.
I found the staff to be helpful and attentive, taking time to explain the repairs in detail, as well as providing useful advice about how to avoid a similar situation in the future.
Although the shop may appear small from the outside, the website belies the fact that this is shop that can do a lot for you.
I don't regret using them at all - after their work, the laptop ran for another 3 years.
I have recommended them to my friends, and I would commend them to you!
A great alternative if you want to avoid the massive national chain stores.

I first visited User 2 computers when my old desktop stopped turning on.
Within a couple of days it was fixed.
Great and amiable service.
I later bought some computer parts here and was equally satisfied.
User 2 Computers sells computers and various computer parts as well as offering checks and repairs.
You will get better service at User 2 Computers than Curries and Comet.
You certainly won't be conned into buying a £800 pound machine just because your old one won't turn on.
The shop is also in a good location for students.
So if your univeristy computing team won't repair your computer properly, try popping into User 2 Computer.
You may even find yourself coming away with the free advice you needed.
I have found that parts can be considerably cheaper online, the only off-putting point.
But if you don't know what you're doing, visiting somewhere like this is probably going to be a safer bet.

I went to User 2 Computers to have my laptop cured of whatever ailment was causing it to be so temperamental.
Initially they found 30 viruses on it, and a further 40 by the time they were done with it.
Thankfully, it worked perfectly when i got it back, and although I would have had to pay extra to have my files backed up, I had so little on there the staff kindly did it for free.
In the end, and thanks to my student discount, I ended up paying around £80 for the whole job.
Which did hurt a bit.
One thing I would appreciate would have been an upfront price, because they charged me for the amount of time and workmanship needed for the job, rather than giving me a proper quote.
My laptop is doing much better, and they did reinstall a new operating system for me, although they were a bit stingy and wanted me to pay for the anti virus as well.
Or maybe I'm the stingy one, I dunno.

