If you ever find yourself down at Newhaven (perhaps not all that likely unless you live there) take the time to pay a visit to Porto and Fi.
This wonderful little deli and cafe is the perfect place to have a bite to eat and a cup of tea.
When I worked along the road in Granton, my workmate and I used to treat ourselves to lunch here occasionally - 'treat' being the operative word.
The food here is excellent, they try to locally source as many ingredients as possible and this hard work pays off, even a simple sandwich is delicious.
I am a big fan of their cakes and this was the first place to introduce me to the delights of chocolate beetroot cake, I know it sounds like a pretty eccentric combination, but the main ingredients really compliment each other: the chocolate is rich and sweet and the beetroot keeps the sponge moist.
It can get pretty busy, the Newhaven locals have really bought into this place, so it can mean a bit of a wait for a table, do wait though - it's worth it.

I need to declare up front, I'm an Eggs Benedict fan.
Some people aren't and that's cool, but if you even remotely partake, every now and then...get down to Porto & Fi and experience what is possibly the best hollandaise you'll ever have.
Magic!
Very friendly table service and a great seaside setting make this a place to come as a family, group or single...not to mention the fab cake offerings and daily specials.
You may wonder why only a 4 star review given the massive compliment above?
Well, the coffee was ok, but SOOOOOO hot I had to wait 10 mins before I could get my lips to it.
As I have been advised most recently (thanks Artisan Coffee!
), it should be served between 60 - 62 degrees...not 162!

Yet another place that I've meant to go to for a while and have only now managed.
Wandered in on Friday afternoon last week with a couple of friends and we were I suppose lucky to get a table straight away as the place was heaving.
Once seated the number of other customers revealed the first downside to the cafe - its acoustics.
Either this was an unusually loud collection of customers or anything over half full always results in such a cacophony but it was noticeable for the entire time we were in there and as such offputting.
Waiting time, service, quality of food (eggs florentine, beef olive and lamb shank) and prices (the pot of tea was particularly good value for money) were all fine but I'll think twice about going back in if the number of punters is that high next time.

Ditto to the person who said the Eggs Benedict is good.
Porto & Fi is a lovely cafe in Newhaven, right near the waterfront.
It's really popular, there are always people in when I walk past.
They have a varied menu, something for everyone.
The coffee that they serve is lovely and the staff are extremely friendly.

We had a lovely lunch at Porto & Fi.
The soup was exceptionally good - really first class.
Overall, we said: "Porto & Fi was really good.
I'll gladly be back, to sample some of the other treats from their menu.
I'd heartily recommend you pay it a visit, but remember to book.

Porto and Fi has been a 'I want I want I want' to go place for such a long time, but alwasy being sweaty and dressed in climbing clothes combined with a lack of organisation has meant that we have never made it in until last Sunday, where friends suggested we go.
They tucked into fish goujons (served in a fashionable bucket), while the boy checked out the fishcakes and I had houmus and aubergine chutney.
I'll come clean, I don't really like houmus, and I ate it twice this weekend.
The second time was clearly a homemade houmous, and tasty to boot, but what was standout was the aubergine chutney - spicy and made a lovely contrast to the plainness of the houmus.
Rounding off with some homemade cake (bakewell tarts, tray bakes and apple & black cherry crumble), the crumble itself reminded me of the jubilee pancakes that you used to get at a Little Chef (syrupy cherries...
fab!).
Definitely a lovely cafe for a lunch.

Very good 4 star, could be 5  Another place chosen based on the recommendations of my fellow Yelpers, and you once again served me right; thank you.
It's Monday around 1100 and hungry tummies are looking for breakfast in Leith, there are a few options, but we chose P&F, and were glad we did.
From the outside it just looks like a wee café, but it's a good size once you get in.
Welcomed immediately by a friendly waitress, we were told to sit anywhere we liked.
Lots of reserved signs, but they had a time on them so we knew we could use a table by the window which was a good spot.
Not the best views, but it wasn't the best weather.
They already had a few tables already in, and some were getting cleared.
The Menu was simple, but had a good range of brunchy stuff on it, and as always I couldn't see past the Eggs beny with Salmon, which were fantastic.
Obviously free range eggs with a bright yellow yoke, poached  like a pro and perfectly runny.
The Salmon was nice and salty, with a really rich flavour.
Accompanied with freshly squeezed orange juice and an awesome double espresso (I think Swedish coffee?).
There wasn't much conversation for a few moments....
The food didn't last long, but we weren't rushed, when the waitress cleared I asked if they were getting ready for a rush?
She said they are busy for lunch most days and normally do a good early dinner trade also - if all of their food is that flavoursome I can understand why.
We got some fruit scones to munch on later and resisted temptation to raid their shop downstairs as it looked like there was rain a coming!

Porto & Fi is at the end of my road, has a great reputation and is often completely full.
However, after having been there regularly for a couple of years I have to say both the food and the service have become a little patchy.
It still gets three stars, because when they get it right, it's superb.
But then you get things like a plate of eggs benedict where the Hollandaise sauce has clearly split and tastes of nothing but vinegar.
It's pretty rookie stuff and has happened to me several times.
The service can be a bit shambolic too.
They stop serving breakfast at 12, so one weekend I was sat down and ready to order 11:50.
By the time my order was taken, it was bang-on noon and they flatly refused to serve anything from the breakfast menu.
That said, there's some great stuff on the menu (the fish goujons served in a wee galvanised bucket are great) and the coffee is always really good.
I'll definitely not stop going there, because it's convenient, but I wish they'd make a bit more of an effort again, rather than just riding on their rep.

I have had the opportunity to visit Porto & Fi a few times.
Each time I have had about 20-40 minutes for a quick pot of tea and sometimes with a baked good.
They serve Eteaket tea here, but as with many coffee shops and cafes you have to be sure to order one of the specialty teas in order to get it.
The house blend is just regular tea bags, not bad but not great.
I have had the Eteaket chai teabags a couple of times and really enjoy those.
As far as the baked goods I have tried a malteser slice (or something similar) and a scone.
Both of these are nice, but nothing that I would travel across town for.
And I guess that's partly why I give the place only 3 stars at the moment... Porto & Fi is worth a sit down if you're closeby, but not something I would go out of your way for.
I have to stop in the area occasionally and it's the closest coffee shop to kill some time.
I hear that they have a lovely breakfast and some other food... once I get a chance to try these, then I may update my review.

