From the outside, this place really is about as depressing and tacky as they come.
People taking their beloved possessions in to flog them for a fraction of what they're worth, only so someone else can buy them before the original owner gets a chance to save up and buy them back.
However... if you're a student and your microwave breaks, or you're a DVD junkie who never has any money (like my flatmate), then Cash Converters may well become your new best friend.
This flatmate of mine came home the other day clutching 14 DVDs he'd just bought for a grand total of £20.
Equally, when another friend of mine had a party but didn't want to risk her expensive music system getting trashed, she picked one up here for less than £40.
They also offer those dodgy-as-hell payday loan advances (with about 1,000,000% apr) and also that Cash For Gold scheme that you can't turn on the tv without seeing these days, but I would only ever come here to grab a bargain.
I wouldn't come here for financial advice or assistance...!

I find it hard to trust places like Cash Converters.
The tacky interior and dodgy looking good just plain put me off.
Nonetheless, the staff are cheery enough and are often willing to test the gear out for you.
I've spotted the occasional bargain mixing deck and other Hi-Fi related gear.
I'm sure most of it's all legitimate but if they only mopped their appearance up I'm convinced it would be a more appealing business.

Crystal Meth, crack, alcohol, heroin.
What all of these substances have in common is that they're incredibly moreish.
Along with burglary and a few optimistic interest-only mortgages taken out around 2003, they're also the main story behind how much of Cash Converter's stock ended up coming through the door.
For obvious reasons, when one browses at Cash Converters a tinge of sadness will inevitably accompany any feelings of excitement fostered from the discovery of high-end electronic goods at miniscule prices.
These feelings tend to transcend to guilt if you ever glance at the "selling" counter.
Not long ago I saw a couple of skagheads leave their dignity at the door as they handed over a 1990s portable TV in exchange for a few quid.
They were probably half way through their tenner bag by the time I got home, so everyone's a winner.
Sort of.

At the beginning of our second year, my flatmates and I bought a second hand television from this place for £45 and we have regretted it pretty much ever since.
The remote control had lost its cover for the batteries and so they fall out just about every time anyone picks it up to change the channel.
What's worse is that the screen just switches itself off every two minutes and has to be either hit or carefully adjusted.
Throughout the year this has infuriated us beyond belief and in moments of intense anger we've come close to trashing the thing.
To be fair to Cash Converters it did only cost £45 and it was the cheapest we could have bought, but the point is that they sold us something which doesn't really work.
They also sell digital cameras, microwaves, hi-fis, and computer games, all of which are second hand.
Most of it is cheap and and some of their more expensive televisions and games consoles actually looked in pretty good condition.
However, when you compare the quality and range of its stock to its rival, Cash Generator, down the road it dosn't really match it in either criterion.

The place is alright, but you really can't trust how good some of the electrical goods are here.
Like Gibson, I purchased a TV here as well, a big early 1990s one and that TV didn't work either.
We had to get a taxi to our flat from Cash Converters and then had to take another taxi back with it so that we could return it and get our money back.
What I would suggest is that if you do get a TV in there, make sure that you see it actually working before you go ahead and buy it!
If you are going to come here, the safest bet is the DVDs, games and CDs.
I bought a few DVDs here and when I tried to play one of them, it just wasn't working, and after a thorough clean of it, it eventually did play.
But it does seem to suggest that the staff here do not check if the items work before they put them on sale.

If you shut your eyes and ears to how Cash Converters obtained most of their stock then you'll be able to shop without compunction.
If however, you take a second to think about where all the 'liberated' TVs, games consoles and films come from then you may have a twinge of doubt.
Especially when you see some of the people flogging their wares then promptly crossing the street with the winnings to spend it in The Grapes, the embodiment of vice.
Apart from this, Cash Converters has an alright stock.
They've got loads of TVs, DVD players and Hi-Fis as well as loads of CDs and DVDs.
This selection is a little more random, as they come and go every day, so you have no guarantee of finding a good one.
A good time to go is the morning when they have a better selection, in the afternoon most of the good ones have gone.
It's also ridiculously cheap, with films costing about £1.50 or £2 and a 2 for 1 offer on, so you can get films for about a quid, which isn't bad in my book.

