Boudiche stock the kind of sumptuous looking under garments of gorgeousness that make you want to up your daily sit-ups, so you can slink around looking like Scarlett Johansson or someone equally as hot and film star-esque.
The shop itself is all silky and luxurious looking, with soft, purple shaded curtains in the changing room, and big robes to wear while you're trying things on, so you kind of feel like you're slouching around the bedroom of some kind of boutique hotel.
Boudiche sell the brilliant Bebaroque range of tights and bodies, which I absolutely love.
They include various hot designs, comprising of sequins, tattoo prints and other delectable patterns.
They also stock designers such as Christian Lacroix, well known lingerie brand La Perla, and Stella McCartney.
My personal lingerie favourites were the Stella McCartney days of the week underwear, that come in what look like little drawer compartments.
Definitely my ideal purchase, as I do have trouble on the odd occasion remembering what day it is.

Hot damn, is the underwear in this place hot, unfortunately the price is even hotter, burning a hole in my pocket hot.
As much as I'd love to and as nice as they are, I just can't justify spending a weeks wage on a pair of pants.
If I did, I'd be wearing them over my trousers for the whole world to see and would probably look like a was kicking some bizarre super hero look.
I did recently see a gorgeous Bebaroque bodice from here which has been in every fashion magazine under the sun recently, I was beginning to think it was following me.
I couldn't believe it when I saw it in the window here, I thought it must be a sign.
It was gorgeous, in a nude shade with gold and silver beads embroidered on the top.
I nipped in, took one look at the price tag of £340 and walked straight back out again.
It was nice, but not THAT nice.
If you have a lot of money to spend and underwear is your thing then this place is stunning, unfortunately I'll have to wait till I win the lottery or rob a bank.

