Tallula looks vaguely like an occult shop - I don't know if it's because it's packed full of dangly, twinkly trinkets or because most wicca specialists seem to be painted purple.
But rather than selling incense, it specialises in gemstone jewellery.
Tallula's first rule of thumb is to give the customer as much information about jewellery origins as possible.
This is very helpful as there are some unusual local designers carving out these pieces, and it may appeal to a tourist market looking for hidden treasure.
The vast majority of the pieces are made up of gemstones and semi precious stones, varying from amethyst and quartz, but they also stock some items made out of mother of pearl.
A lot of the jewellery was surprisingly ornate, with pieces shaped like dew drops looking more Victorian than 21st century.
Almost all the jewellery is made out of organic products.
Prices vary in Tallula but some of the necklaces were between £20 and £40, making them very tempting indeed.
I was impressed with the variety of styles the store has to offer.
It makes a great alternative to the other stores along the Royal Mile who tend to sell their Scotishness for the eyes of tourists.
If you're looking for something a bit different to Kit Heath, swing by here.

My aunt loves crystals so I'm always on the look out for quartz pieces to give to her on birthdays for her collection.
They have a fabulous selection of crystals here ranging from super cheap, the super expensive, they had a stunning large emerald green stone for £435.
Ouch.
It was very nice though, but I can't really justify spending that much on a glorified rock.
If you're not into crystals then they have a good selection of sea shells some of which are absolutely massive - you will definitely be able to hear the sea with these beauties.
They also have a good selection of jewellery and they have some gorgeous opal pieces in the window.
Everything here is very magical and relaxing and the staff are very friendly too and also very knowledgeable about all of the products as I heard one staff member explaining some of the properties of various crystals to another customer.

I'm a longtime rock hound and crystal practitioner.
Rarely have I see such a rare selection in one place.
Did I say rare twice?
The owner and operators are wonderfully friendly and this little store is absolutely chock full of mojo goodness.

