Pie in The Sky is where I used to shop when I was around 15 and I wanted something quirky and a little bit different.
They have clothing, jewellery, accessories and also bars for piercings.
They offer 15% off for students which is a great saving as some of the items are really reasonably priced, a few weeks ago I saw a really cute halter top with cherries on it for £14.
They also always have a sale rack and everything on it is under £10!
The shop is quite crowded and crammed with as many clothes as possible, there are also always a lot of staff on some of whom take on a bouncer role and stand in various spots around the shop glaring at you.
I can understand that they have to do this because the shop gets really busy at times but it's a little off-putting to say the least.
Although not my style anymore, Pie in The Sky is great for a browse but I guess it's mainly aimed at teens.
It used to be one of my favourite shops, I guess like Alice I just grew out of it.

I've been a fan of Pie in the Sky for a few years now, and even though it has eveolved into a shop more like Cult than super alternative, I still like their wide varieties of clothing.
I never emerge empty handed, if the truth be told.
They sell reasonably priced tea dresses, jumpers and all sorts of pretty frills for girls.
They have quite the jewellery collection which is a mixture between emo and indie, but I like both so it appeases my magpie like cravings.
You can expect to see clothing in here from some lesser known designers (making the stock unusual rather than substandard), but they also have brands such as Motel.
I managed to find some Motel clothing from a couple of season's past when I was in today, been looking for the skirt for ages so I was pleased!
They always have a massive sales rack towards the back of the store that varies from being 25% off to a tenner for a dress.
You can find some winning bargains in here considering some of the stock is about £45 a pop.
But it's normally worth it as some of the designers are of good quality but still unusual and affordable enough.
Pie in the Sky seems to be having a bit of an identity crisis at times, since there are some real "scene" clothes hanging right beside indie's finest floral ranges.
But a bit of variety is no bad thing, right?
I don't tend to adhere to one style, so Pie in the Sky flies well with me!

I've long been a fan of this haven of fashion originality, situated on the eclectic and artistically different Cockburn Street.
It can be quite tricky in Edinburgh to find affordably priced fashion that's not High Street and a bit same old, same old, but Pie In The Sky is thankfully a very handy go to in times of fashion emergency.
The stock in here has definitely changed slightly over the years, as back in the day, when I used to come here as a teen, it probably edged more to the emo, slightly gothic side of things.
The clothing offered now is girly, with an edge, and they stock a lot of the brilliant Motel range, which always seems to fit me quite nicely, and has a range of fantastic dresses for going out wear.
There's a fab selection of patterened tights too, and a jewellery section with body jewellery to adorn the nose, eyebrow, face, bellybutton, and whatever else you might have pierced.

I can deny it - theres a real touch of originality in here.
I think its mostly female clothes (i've only ever been in here with my girlfriend) but they also seem to have a selection of jewelary and vairous other bits and bobs for sale.
That said, it seems that the style of this place doesnt really lend itself to any fashion other than slightly less than Emo-teen girls and hippy student types, but I guess people shop here for that exact reason.
I've never seen any clothes massivly expensive, but that said I've never seen anything really cheap too - its kind of mid range if im honest.
Rather like the whole shop.

As the psychedelic name implies, Pie In The Sky is a boutique that stocks womenswear with a hippy slant.
The decor and ambience is much more down to earth than somewhere like Monsoon but the short flowery dresses and pastel tunic tops are definitely aimed at contemporary eco-warriors and Glastonbury goers.
Whilst I appreciate the style, I'm more of a rockabilly chick myself so am never tempted by anything in the store.
If you're someone that likes to Tune In and Drop Out however, float this way...

The tights they sell here are the kind of tights that could give a grannie a headache.
I'm not a fan, but that's because I'm easily visually affected by bright things.
For example, girls who walk around in so much fake tan they look like doritos.
Or neon pink.
They both scare me.
But Pie in the Sky actually has a pretty cool range of clothing.
I don't go often for the same reason I never go often to places that sell pretty things I can't afford.
I mean, they once upon a time had a sales box and I got myself a dress from there, but that's only because it cost a fiver and I could afford to do that.
It's definitely a great place to go if you feel like you can splurge.

In a sea of mainstream shopping, it is such a relief to come across this marvelous shop that caters for those who want something funky and a little bit different.
They sell skunk funk clothes  hooray!

