If it wasn't for Finlay's this would be the shopping jewel in Portobello High Street's crown.
This shop and coffee shop stocks a myriad of gorgeous and unusual food.
They stock cheese from Iain Mellis and always have fresh italian and french bread every day.
You can pick up vegetarian specialities and gluten free products.
They make up great rolls on the spot for you which go down a treat at lunchtimes.
They have lovely homebaking, their scones and carrot cake are so very special.
On a nice day get a coffee or hot chocolate, read the paper and relax in their comfy sofas.

This great little delicatessen is located smack bang in the middle of Portobello, on the High Street.
There's not a lot of competition to this place locally, and it combines a small delicatessen with a cafe in another section of the shop.
I had a good nosey round some of their produce, and it all looked really nice.
Posh looking crisps, jams and marmalades, locally made cakes filled the shelves.
They also had some bread and baked goods, as well as tasty looking meats and cheeses in the chiller.
Combine this with cheery staff, and you have a place that I could happily come back to.
I liked the little touches in this place.
For example, on the outside, under the logo it said: "London, Paris, New York.
"  So, you start thinking that it must be part of a global chain.
Until you read underneath this "are other cities.
"  I'm sure everyone who reads this when they go in will chuckle to themselves on the inside.
Well, maybe the first time they go in at least.
Prices are not cheap, but I'm sure that the quality will justify this.
Nothing like a good deli, and this is a prime example.

With a lack of cafes on Portobello High Street it was quite a pleasant surprise to stumble over this café - delicatessen.
From the outside, this place looked fresh and quite busy.
It was a glorious day and people were sitting outside enjoying sandwiches and drinks, while enjoying the weather.
So from this scene I went inside and ordered a freshly made ham salad roll.
The produce all looked very fresh and they even stocked cheese from the famous I J Mellis Cheesemongers.
Kitchener's is split into a café and a deli.
The café was quite busy indoors when I visited, so the place was full of chatter and the smell of coffee, a very good indicator that this place is popular locally.
My roll was very tasty and the bread was even made on premises!
My roll was not too expensive for a roll which was made to order.
Well worth a visit!

