I love this place.
I love Graeme who has taken so much time and effort in fixing my wonky feet and wonky gait and who puts up with an hour consulation everytime i need a new pair of shoes.
I love the fact that even though I am a rubbish runner, he seems to sympathise with me and is really funny with a great sense of humour!
I love that they record you running and play back all the footage so they can see the exact phases of the gait and can compare shoes.
Never had a bad pair from here - which is more than i can say from some of their competitors!

Edinburgh's Meadows and Holyrood Park are rousing the hidden runner in pretty much all its inhabitants.
Footworks recognises such interest and provides a pretty comprehensive selection of running gear.
This is all fine but the there's no denying you'll pay through the roof for their RRP prices.
Limited discount or sales deals justify this.
You'd be best checking a department store rather than here, although I doubt the affluent habitants of the surrounding area will care about saving £30 on a pair of running trainers.

I came in here the other day looking for a good pair of shoes to do me for the Moonwalk.
In fact, I came in having just done a 9 mile walk.
I had a few minutes to take a look at what they have on display before someone offered to help me.
I said I wanted walking shoes, we verified my size, and away he went.
I found this kind of interesting - what about the price?
I couldn't help but notice the fact that most of the running shoes were around the £100 mark though ranged down to more affordable prices.
Are the clientele here the type to not look at price tags?
And what about style?
Ok I realise they're exercise shoes, but surely people have a style preference?
The guy came back with a stack of boxes and took out the first pair for me to try.
They were grey with pink detailing.
I cringed that the pink but duitifully tried them on.
I found them hard and uncomfortable and said this to the guy who responded "they're walking shoes, that's how they're supposed to be" - oh, but why?
Why is it that apparently walking shoes are hard while running shoes have bounce to them?
He went on to explain how arch support works.
I know how arch support works and am going to assume that running shoes have arch support, so this doesn't actually explain to me why walking shoes are so hard.
Anyway.
Based on my feedback, he presented me with a pair of aqua and orange shoes.
Seriously.
I said they were way too flashy so he went to get a few more pairs.
I was then given the option between silver and purple, and blue and red (or something).
I said they were all far too colorful and was told "Well, that's all we have, sorry" at which point he turned around and immediately started helping someone else.
Am I the only person to come in here looking for good shoes that don't blind passers by?
Do they really only have ridiculously coloured walking shoes?
Also - WHY was one of the guys working here wearing teeny tiny running short shorts??
Ok I get it, you're a runner.
You know what you're talking about.
Do you have fantastic legs?
Absolutely.
Do I want to be just about eye level with your barely covered arse when I'm trying on shoes?
No.
I dont.
Far from my experience, everyone else in here was getting excellent service, getting a chance to properly try out the shoes on treadmills.
From what Alison K has said, this is much more than just a shoe store.
Unfortunately, for whatever reason (I can't help but wonder if my post-walk attire was why) I didn't receive this kind of service and what I experienced won't see me returning.

training for a half marathon means making sure that i've got the right kit.
so after trying a few sports shops i decided that i needed to make the trip to a proper running shop.
as i was in bruntsfield and knew about this shop i thought i'd stop in.
the shop is a fairly good size and has a decent selection of different well known running brands.
i felt a bit strange browsing though as the cash register is right in the middle of the room so the shop assistant was just there even though i said i was just looking.
also the store was a bit dark so it made it hard to see the items on sale.
i was after a good sports bra and i have to say this store didn't disappoint in the selection.
they have a massive selection of nike, shock absorber, and other good brands.
now these are quite pricey but they're good quality so i didn't feel too bad paying the price.
so overall i feel like the products on offer were good, but i didn't feel like the shop assistant was that helpful compared to the help i'd received at another running shop.
i also felt like the majority of items were quite expensive and that there wasn't a massive selection which left me less than impressed.

Being a recent convert to running and finding I had some pain in my hips when starting out, I sought out somewhere to advise me on running shoes that could help with the problem.
Footworks were utterly brilliant and provided such a good service that I have never looked anywhere else for running shoes.
The staff are friendly & highly knowledgeable and will tell you if you have your eye on the wrong kind of gear rather than just selling to you regardless.
They have a lovely selection of stock and although pricey, I have never been disappointed with a purchase.
Footworks also is a little hub for the Edinburgh running community with free brochures on running events nationwide & its own running club.
A place well worth a visit if you are serious about your running.

Wandered in here after class one day because I noticed its like the only store in Edinburgh that carries the Vibram Fivefinger toe shoes.
When I wear those things I feel like Forrest Gump and I could run like the wind.
But this review is about the store not my awesome shoes ;)    Walking in you quickly realize how big the place is.
It stretches back left and then right into another fairly large room full of goodies.
I was looking to either get a normal running shoe or a new pair of Vibrams.
The staff was quite polite, gave me a moment to browse and then asked me if I needed any help.
There was a decent selection I thought especially for a small store ( compared to a giant Nike store or something ) and there was a good selection of running cloths and such.
I really liked that they had a board by the entrance that had lots of running info so I can find out when races are coming up and go to them.
The only thing here is that the place is really pricy I thought.
Maybe I am just being cheap but it seems like all the shoes were 100 or more which just seems high to me.
But like I said I could be wrong.
So if your looking for a good place that will help you pick a running shoe to fit you, or you want to try the Vibrams and join the barefoot running movement then this place is the place to go!

