Ten Hill Place Hotel is adjacent to the Royal College of Surgeons complex on Nicholson Street, and is actually owned and run by the College.
(Profits are used to the benefit of the College's work).
Hill Place is just off Nicholson Street, and is a small, leafy square, which my room overlooked.
I was staying on a package (£81 B&B) which was considerably below the rack rate, and for this I found it offered very good value for money.
The area is not quite as swish as the New Town - you'll pass a few drunks and some odd looking characters (appalling dentistry seemed to be their characteristic) on the way, but it didn't feel threatening at all, even late at night.
The hotel is actually a mix of a very modern new wing added to a traditional Georgian terrace, although the interiors are thoroughly modern.
The public areas on the ground floor are economical: there is a single bar/lounge/dining area, and a separate reception at a higher level.
The rooms are similarly modern, decorated in a safe but pleasant beige/brown style, with large gleaming white bathrooms.
Mine was not terribly spacious, but was good enough.
(It might feel a bit cramped for two after a few days, though).
The rooms all have internet access for laptops and (for a fee) via the TV.
(Note: the TV also lets you choose your own music, but you pay per album chosen, so be careful!
)    Mine was an accessible suite, so I had a large walk-in wet area shower, and the only drawback for me was having a low sink.
But everything was very clean and comfortable, and the view over the square was lovely to wake up to.
Although there is air conditioning, joy of joys - my traditional sash windows actually opened to let in fresh air!
I didn't use room service, but the next day's breakfast was a perfectly fine, if standard, hot and cold buffet.
Reception was also friendly, and reasonably efficient, although with space for only two staff I could imagine that a rush might slow things up.
The only downside was that I could hear some noise from the adjacent room: plugs and switches being clicked and, in the morning, their conversation.
This may have been because I had an adjoining room, but for a new refurbishment the soundproofing should have been better.
That said, I'd happily stay there again at this price.

I stayed here at the start and end of my Scotland trip.
Above-average hotel in a quiet location just a few blocks south of the Royal Mile, far enough away from the fray.
It's not a lovely place; sort of modern blah style.
Honestly, I didn't think much from the lobby when coming in but my room was much better; quiet, comfortable, with a large, clean bathroom and flatscreen TV; my second room was even better, about double the size and on a higher floor.
There's no wi-fi in the rooms, but there is an ethernet cable and no charge for access; there is also free wi-fi in the cafe.
A bit steep for what it is, but seems to be standard for Edinburgh.
One small complaint:  points off for not accommodating an early check-in.
After a transatlantic flight involving grimy taxicabs, grimy airports, grimy public transport, grimy fellow travelers, and (if you're flying out of JFK), even some grimy pigeons, about the first thing I want is hot shower.
I arrived at 10 a.m. and was told my room would be ready by 12:30 p.m.
It wasn't.
It wasn't ready when I checked back at 1:30.
In fact, it wasn't ready until 3.
Now, I know 3 is regular check-in time, but getting a room ready for a guest really isn't much of a challenge at most other hotels I've visited.

Tolles modernes stylisches Hotel im Zentrum von Edinburgh.
Die Zimmer sind sehr ansprechend eingerichtet, nix verschnörkelt sondern sehr straight und modern, eher boutique-style.
das personal war auch sehr nett und fruendlich.
hinter dem hotel gibt es einen parkplatz, der zwar extra kostet - aber im vergleich zu den in wien üblichen tagesparkgebühren habe ich jetzt die 17 prund verschmerzen können.
besonders toll waren auch die badezimmer: sehr geräumig, nüchtern-modern eingerichtet, schwellenlose sehr große dusche, die vom restl.
badezimmer mit einer glaswand abgetrennt ist.
gerne wieder - und eine angenehme abwechslung zum ansonsten sehr verschnörkelten britischen stil.

You'd hardly even notice that this hotel exists unless you were looking for it; it's nestled behind the Royal Colege of Surgeons just off Nicolson Street.
That's one of the great things about it - it's in a really central location but it's not noisy like so many other city centre hotels.
Aesthetically, the view from the outside probably won't blow you away.
Think functional and minimalist, with lots of glass and metal.
The rooms, on the other hand, were inviting and comfortable and bigger than you'd get in a lot of city centre places.
If you're looking for somewhere nice to stay but aren't into all of the frills and faff of the bigger hotel chains (nobody's going to knock on your door and ask if you want your quilt turned down), then this is a great option.
The receptionist told me it was built by the College of Surgeons, for people coming to meetings/conferences/exams etc so you can get an idea from that of what to expect.
If you don't mind walking 5-10 minutes to the Royal Mile, and 10-15 minutes up to Princes Street, then I'd definitely recommend this place.

I totally agree with  Fiona H, you would never know this place was here unless you went looking for it!
But once you've found it - you've struck gold!
It's one of the better places in Edinburgh to stay in, it's quiet, it's trendy enough and it's central!
If you know Edinburgh, it's a good place to stay.
Because of its location, in Newington, if you don't know the city then you'll end up spending quite a bit of money on taxi's, when it's a perfectly nice 15 min walk from the city centre.
Have a look online, there is usually a decent deal on for weekend  breaks.
The concierge in here is brilliant too - my mum came here once and asked the concierge to surprise her and she had the best day ever - they organised a city tour (she didn't have the heart to tell them she always comes to Edinburgh) and a nice dinner!
lovely!

Popped in here on Sat night for a quick bite to eat pre-threatre.
The service was a quite slow despite the bar not being busy and it took a wee while for the waitress to take our order and then for the food to arrive.
We ended up having to eat it in about 5 mins to make the theatre in time.
We opted for the tapas menu and shared 6 dishes between us.
It was just the right amount: Chicken skewers; Beef pie; crispy potatoes; chicken/haggis ballotine; mushrooms on toast; and lamb meatballs.
It was nice and reaonably priced: £5 for one dish; £13 for three or £20 for 5.
There was a good selection of options & we cleared our plates.
I would go back .
They accept tastecard in the bar so we did the £13.
Even if we weren't using the tastecard I'd say it is good value for money.
It's a definite spot worth knowing about if you are going to the Festival Theatre round the corner.
The hotel is run by the Royal College of Surgeons, and the money is reinvested into the College so it's for a good cause too : ) but not if I was in a rush.

The hotel itself is in a great location and situated a short walk from the royal mile and Edinburgh castle and the old town bits.
For location this place gets 5 stars.
The room were given on the other had did leave a bit to be desired.
The bed was not great and sunk in the middle a bit.
Never a great thing when you are trying to share a double bed.
The bar was backing onto our room so you could hear the piano player all evening.
Don't get me wrong I do love piano but not for an entire evening :-)  The staff were friendly and the check on process was relatively straightforward.
The wifi was ok but very slow.
All in all an ok place but value for money was lacking for me.
Hopefully if I come back here again I might get a different experience.

Located in central Edinburgh, Ten Hill Place Hotel is 10 minutes' walk from the Royal Mile, Edinburgh Castle and other major tourist attractions.
The hotel is owwned by Edinburgh University but is a long way off student digs of old with the Uni venturing into the hotel market for the first time.
Its a contemporary style 4 star Hotel  and offers complimentary Wi-Fi throughout all bedrooms and public spaces.
Each rooms has a sleek bathroom, a flat-screen TV with freeview channels, king or super-king  beds and on the top floor, the four Sky-line rooms include an exercise bike, a mini fridge, towelling robes and slippers.
(we asked for a look round!
)   We had food in their wine bar which also a Sunday carvery.
The menu is a little limited but excellent-value, brasserie-style menu: £12.95 for two courses, £14.95 for three courses.
The wine selection is by Corney and Barrow however and is really good!

Service in the brasserie was attentive but just noticeably slow between placing our food order and it arriving.
Presentation of the dishes was of a good standard though and none of the 7 of us had any complaints about the quality of the food.
The Scottish charcuterie platter can easily feed just one person rather than be shared.
Pint prices although of the hotel variety are not, in the main, worse than many other city centre establishments.

