I used to live virtually next door to Margiotta and not once did I manage to resist its lure of freshly baked goods, vast selections of sweet snacks, and oddly charming classical music bellowing out as you ponder around the shop.
Admittedly, its just a corner shop and nothing more, but what it does provide it can be proud of.
I wouldn't recommend any of the shops tortilla wraps, and the sandwiches are nothing special too.
Nonetheless you'll always come back for a baguette or two, the butterscotch flapjack or an almond croissant.
Margiottas are dotted around Edinburgh, and there's a reason why, they offer everything you could expect from the humble corner shop with a touch of class.

As far as corner shops go, this is probably the most expensive one you'll ever walk into.
Even things that already have the price printed on the packet will have another £1 or so added on just for good measure!
Nonetheless, there are several branches all over the city, so they are doing something right apart from their pricing.
One of those things is no doubt their bakery corner...
When I lived in Marchmont I wasted far too much money on the odd cheeky caramel shortbread or rocky road here and there every time I passed the shop, and I challenge anyone to try and go in for a browse without coming out with something sweet!
I say "waste", but I'd definitely be exactly the same if I still lived there!
At the end of the day, you're not exactly going to go out of your way to go to one particular corner shop over another - a pint of milk is a pint of milk at the end of the day - but if you do ever need one then you can always rely on Margiotta.

For me, Margiotta's only drawback is that it is too expensive.
Apart from this it a great, widely stocked corner shop with friendly staff and a pleasant atmosphere.
During term time I live within a thirty second walk of this place and so use it at least four times a week for the essentials.
Their main selling point has to be their freshly baked bread which, although not cheap, is certainly delicious.
My favourite has to be their French loaf which makes for a great lunch-time baguette.
They also sell a huge selection of curry sauces, frozen meals, fresh chicken, beef and cold meat and a range of quality fruit and vegetables.
There's a cash machine in the corner as well, so there's not much more you could want (except lower prices).

Margiotta is an institution in Marchmont.
For me, it sums up that whole area of town.
Very nice, but slightly overpriced.
As people have already said, it is just like any other corner shop, but just with a better quality of product and a higher price.
It does seem to satisfy those well-off residents of Marchmont and students alike - clearly they are placed well for their target market.
If I lived in that part of town, I imagine I wouldn't frequent there all too often.
Yes, it is convenient, but if you walk a little bit further to Tesco in Newington, or even Sainsbury's on the Quartermile, you will find a better range for a lower price.
It is good to be able to say that you've used Margiotta though - it might give you a good conversation starter for the next time you visit a friend in Marchmont.

I was once told that this was the place to get your groceries if you're a 'yah'.
How else can you excuse paying over £4 for a loaf of bread??
If Daddy's paying, that's how.
To be honest, this branch does well because it has to.
It's right in the epicenter of studentsville, particularly in a place where all the 'lads' live, thus plenty young men looking for rolls and bacon for that 'epic night' before.
It pretty much does well because the market's there...when you're desperate, £4 is a decent price to get your carbs.

Margiotta General Stores are perfect if you've forgotten a key ingredient during the weekly shop, if you need a carry out for a night in or if you're looking for a last minute birthday card or gift wrap.
They have fresh bread, tinned food, cheese, cards and even freshly made food and I have to say that the Margiotta's own  range of pizzas looked delicious and the spicy chicken one in particular immense.
I decided to go for a small pick 'n' mix bag that was located right next to the bottled beers, and I lumped as many white chocolate skulls as I could into the bag.
It was a little pricier than I expected but that seems to be the way when it comes to convenience shops.

Margiotta's are cheeky wee beasties.They know that the only reason people go there is for convenience and they price as such.
Everything is ludicrously marked up compared to local Scotmids or Tescos, but people still go there so fair play.
It's great for little essentials, like loo roll, or if you've realised you've forgotten something vital for food that evening but apart from that, the pricing means you can't really justify going there.
Found right in the heart of studentville, Margie's (to the locals) Is always full of people picking up bits and bobs, and it is useful for this as it stocks almost everything.
If you can't be bothered to walk all the way to Tescos then this is a good little shop, just be prepared that you'll pay (literally) for your laziness.

I frequent the Ashley Terrace shop as it is on my way to Harrison Park.
Margiotta is the high end corner shop.
It has organic stuff, quality meats, good sandwiches, lots of different types of food.
Its basically awesome.
I don't mind paying a bit more for good quality food.
I appreciate that they try and promote local businesses as well.
Overall I like this store.
If you need to pick up some food they have good ready made meals as well as ingredients to create your meal.

