The name of this store selling maternity wear makes me chuckle and although I personally have never had any need to visit here for myself I did pop in with a friend who was looking for some maternity clothing.
It must be kind of annoying trying to find pretty clothes to accommodate your body shape plus a large watermelon too but they have an abundance of beautiful maternity clothing here.
My friend had a baby last year and during her pregnancy she had a wedding to go to and was panicking about what she could get to wear to it.
She was recommended to Pretty Pregnant and I went along with her on a wee day out shopping in Edinburgh.
She definitely hit the jackpot here as in addition to everyday wear they also stock a few dressy items and she picked up a stunning midnight blue dress for just over the £100 mark.
This is a great shop, the selection is amazing and the clothing is good quality and fashionable too the prices are also very reasonable and if you're looking for pretty clothing for special occasions throughout your pregnancy then check this place out!

I love to walk past this store as the name always makes me smile.
Pretty Pregnant is a pretty amazing maternity wear store.
Situated in the centre of the New Town area of Edinburgh, it is just a few streets away from the main shopping area of Princes Street, so it is a convenient place to reach.
I went into this store several months ago with a pregnant friend who was desperately trying to find good fitting pregnancy clothes, and she completely fell in love with the stock in Pretty Pregnant.
This store stocks a vast range of different maternity clothes including jeans, day and evening dresses, swimwear, jackets.
lingerie and sleepwear.
None of the clothes which they sell look frumpy at all, they are all really fashionably, such as skinny jeans and jeggings.
Pretty Pregnant sell a range of clothes for different occasions, such as casual, party and work.
The prices range from about £30 for tops to £200 for jeans and dresses, although they frequently have sales going on which is a great chance to grab a bargain.
They also sell some baby gifts too such as tiny wee hats and jumpers - so cute.
The staff in this store are really friendly and warm and are more than willing to assist you.
Pretty Pregnant is a fabulous maternity wear store, which is definitely worth a visit by all pregnant women.

I've never been pregnant and my biologist friend tells me I never will be.
Disappointing irrelevance aside, Pretty Pregnant is a nice maternity clothes and accessories  shop in the New Town of Edinburgh, very near the city centre.
A lot of the women shopping in here were pretty pregnant.
So it's a good thing that they could pick up a good range of affordable maternity clothes.
Apart from everyday clothes they offer formal wear, party oriented clothes and swimwear.
Pretty Pregnant also often has sales on.
When I was in there, there was an up to 70% sale!
They also have a good website and blog (if you're really that obsessed with the whole being pregnant thing).
You can also view and order from the website.

