Oh dear.
Melville Castle has been a hotel and private function venue for many years, only just opening to the public as a bar/restaurant last month (November 2013) We went one Saturday, previous to a midweek Birthday celebration, to see what it was like.
Alarm bells were already ringing  as we left after this brief visit.
We went on the first day of service and were told upon trying to order drinks that one of only two lagers on tap were off.
Before even receiving our drinks the manager came to take our food order.
We were only there for bar snacks, for which the menu had not yet been prepared.
The manager recited the bar menu from memory and we ordered chicken breast nachos and chips.
About 15 minutes later our (incorrect) drinks order arrived.
After being left for roughly 40 minutes in an empty restaurant, our food eventually arrived.
This is when the wait became self evident.
The nachos were an obviously hastily assembled plate of nacho chips, topped with, instead of the advertised salsa, sweet chilli dressing (me neither) and cold grated cheddar, despite the plate being piping hot.
There is a Tesco 5 minutes down the road, go figure.
The chips were served hot yet still raw in the middle.
Asking for the bill we had to wait a further 10-15 minutes for the bar staff to calculate the cost on a calculator in the absence of a working till.
Stupidly, despite this, we gave them the benefit of the doubt.
It was opening night, places have hiccups, these things happen.
And continued to happen, in our case.
We returned four days later for our Birthday celebration.
The Birthday guest was Vegan.
With such a strict dietary requirement we always give plenty notice and forewarning.
Being told that this was no problem and would be noted alongside our booking, it was disappointing to find that there had been absolutely no communication with the kitchen and the Birthday guest was offered either "vegetables"(?!
) or beetroot risotto.
Interchangeable as starter and main.
With such a dizzying array of options, she chose the indeterminable serving of "vegetables" for starters and the beetroot risotto for mains.
The vegetable starter was a minuscule and completely unremarkable serving of cold, oily roasted aubergine and pepper with some green leaves.
It wasn't bad but there wasn't anything to get wrong.
The beetroot risotto was a horrid plate of completely tasteless, lukewarm, gelatinous rice pudding, coloured with what seemed to be purple food dye and surrounded by a neon green liquid.
For the rest of us, we ordered the soup; Leek and Potato.
It was, again, unremarkable and initially served with 3 slices of burnt melba toast and then, bizarrely followed up with half a baguette five minutes later.
The goats cheese ciabatta was nice enough but nothing you couldn't easily make at home.
I ordered the "Gravadlax of Wester Ross Salmon, Pickled Cucumber, Lemon, Wholemeal Bread & Dill mayo" (after being told that the fish mezze I had wanted was no longer available on the dinner menu after only four days of opening) which ended up consisting of a couple insultingly thin wafers of salmon served without any lemon, pickled cucumber or wholemeal bread but I did get an overly acidic "dill mayo'  Mains consisted of the aforementioned flavourless and stodgy beetroot concoction.
The other two diners ordered the chargrilled aubergine which also came without half of the ingredients advertised on the menu.
I had the duck breast, which again, bore no resemblance to the menu description and instead of dauphinois potato, was served with a disgusting, saccharine, green coloured mash.
Coming to over £125 (without even being charged for the inedible risotto!
) made this an unmitigated disaster of an evening.
As if this was not bad enough, we received a phone call four days later from the manager to say that their 'debit merchant' was unable to take our card payment without proof of us being in the restaurant and requested secure card details over the phone!
The staff were very nice, apologetic and understanding but the rest of the experience did nothing to instil any faith in this establishment.
It was like an evening spent as unwitting extras in an episode of Fawlty Towers.
Farcical.

It was a fun experience to visit Melville Castle for dinner.
When I saw a great Groupon deal here, I went for it and was really excited about it.
The staff were very businesslike on the phone and booked me in, sending a handy email confirmation.
On our appointed day, a Sunday evening, we made the easy 15 minute drive from the city centre to the castle.
Oh how glad I was that I had a friend with a car who was driving us!
Although there is a bus stop near the top of the driveway, the driveway itself is about a mile long in the pitch darkness and really shouldn't be attempted to walk at night.
It was spooky enough in the car!
When we arrived, the castle was beautiful and imposing, but we were surprised to see that there was only one other car in the large parking lot!
Well, our own private castle for the night?
Don't mind if I do.
When we went in, we admired the gorgeous entryway and lobby of the hotel.
The staff behind the desk escorted us to the bar since we were a bit early for dinner.
We enjoyed some lovely but expensive drinks (£3 for a half pint of Peroni on tap... Prices for a lord I guess) in the library bar.
The bar was full of  all of the dishes from what had apparently been a very busy afternoon tea that day.
Apparently there was another voucher for that.
Overlooking that, we enjoyed poking around and seeing the library and sitting room which had really interesting decor, books and paintings.
When it was time for dinner, the staff again escorted us along, and we went downstairs (into the wine cellar or dungeon?).
The decor down there felt a bit like a pub with large booths.
We had our choice of tables - we were the only ones there and the only ones who had booked.
We chose a nice big booth by the heater.
I had prawns for the starter and they were served pleasantly on a slate board and were delicious.
The balmoral chicken was good, but not the best one I've ever had and the whisky sauce wasn't really to my liking - other whisky cream sauces have been much better.
Dessert was supposed to be a chocolate mousse cake but was really like a big chocolate brownie cake and I had ice cream on the side.
It was indeed yummy but I would have liked a mousse layer over the chocolate cake which is what I was expecting.
We had a lovely evening at Melville Castle and other people (guests of the hotel?
) did come to the restaurant later so at least we weren't the only ones all evening.
I enjoyed exploring Melville Castle and exploring it a bit, but I was a bit surprised when we asked about its history that he staff didn't know much about it.
We had a good time, but the food and dining experience was more like a gastro-pub experience than a fine dining experience at a castle.
For the same prices, you get much better food elsewhere but I guess you pay for the castle experience!
It's apparently really nice for afternoon team and may be fun to see it in the daytime and try the tea, but we'll see.

