Love river island but i think it would benefit most people if they lowered the price of their products, particularly the jewelerry.

River Island in Edinburgh is a rather large store and contais a lot of different style clothing.
The prices of the clothes is reasonable to pricey depending on the item itself and a lot of going out party looking clothing.
They do sell some like looking handbags and the store not only sells womens clothing they sell mens too.
I defintely think they have upgraded the shop in the sense that it looks modern and appealing for the younger generation people.
I would say they are a nice store and sell some good items.
Worth the visit for buying clothes.

For me River Island can be quite hit or miss.
When it's a miss, that's okay... it's probably done me a favour as I don't feel like I have to spend all the money I have buying various different clothes I like but just don't need.
However, when it's a hit... oh boy is it a hit and I've been known to go wild here!
Last week I popped in a bought various different summer outfits/bikinis/pumps and even though I left with around 9 items there's still a tonne of stuff I want to go back for.
I especially like River Island trousers and they are the only store on the High Street where I can get jeans to fit me perfectly, and I like them too which is a bonus.
The jeans are usually reasonably priced £30 - £55 and they are great quality, my favourite pair of jeans are from here and I've had them for nearly three years and wear them pretty much religiously and they still look great.
Hurrah for River Island!

For quite a few years I dismissed River Island as a shop selling over priced, cheap looking clothes to chavs and tarts.
This branch was given a make-over relatively recently and since then, my opinion has been changed.
The brand seems to have taken a different, edgier direction - some of the clothes put me in mind of All Saints, but without the exorbitant and unjustifiable prices.
I bought some fantastic mid length lace-up boots (very similar to an All Saints pair) in October and they were barely off my feet until they fell apart a few weeks ago; I walk everywhere, so six months is a good innings for footwear.
There's no student discount, but there are some excellent sale bargains to be found if you can be bothered rifling through the rails - a few months back I found a pair of smart harem pants for £2.

Sometimes River Island is absolutely brilliant.
Sometimes, it's total crap.
It has a horrible habbit of using sequins, feathers and shoulder pads in all the ways they shouldn't be used.
There is a glitter and sequin extravaganza when you walk in, which often tempts me to turn right back round again.
But if you persevere you can often find some quite nice things in here  Avoid the dresses though, they are so skin tight nothing is left to the imagination - and that's the best part!
Their jeans are always really nice, and they have great quality t-shirts and tops.
Their handbags too are really good, but in my experience their jewelery isn't so hot.

As everyone else has said, River Island is very hit or miss with a lot of people.
This reasonably sized outlet is no exception, and even though there is a plethora of stock sometimes you'll wander around endlessly looking for the good stuff.
Half the stock is studded or sprayed with a glitter gun.
I'm all for spangles but at times it can be tacky overkill.
Saying that, you can occasionally strike it lucky, and as far as this branch go the staff are very helpful.
They always seem chipper, so at least if you leave with nothing your shopping experience hasn't been marred by disgruntled staff.
A breezy store that's worth digging around in.
When you do come across something you like in River Island, it'll be a keeper!

When I was a kid River Island used to cater to the slightly frumpier end of the market, but it's changed a good bit now.
It's aimed at a much younger crowd, and inside is a hotchpotch of neon lights and banging music.
For obvious reasons I can only comment on the mens' section, and I've always rated River Island a bit better than their competitors as it's better quality than H&M and unlike Topman seems to be aware that not everyone wants to look like like a Russel Brand style tosspot.

