After the demise of the Bridge Jazz bar in the Cowgate's devastating fire in 2002, the Edinburgh scene was once more missing a vital component - somewhere for the jazz cats to chill.
It was several years before the Bridge's owner Bill Kyle managed to get a new premises, but when he took over the Cellar Bar on Chambers Street, previously the Blue Note Jazz Cellar, he got it just right.
The Jazz Bar is small, dark, underground, and moody - everything a jazz bar should be in this musician's opinion.
You almost don't miss the clichéd smoke that Scotland's smoking ban put pay to!
There's live music every night of the week, with two shows many nights.
It's free to get in most of the time too, though the most popular nights (Friday/Saturday after 11pm) now charge - never more than £5 unless there's a big name guest playing.
These charges were introduced with consultation with the Jazz Bar clientele, and ensure that the musicians are paid fairly, so are not to be grudged.
You'll need to get there early to get a seat on the busy nights, but if you get there before the door charge kicks in you don't have to pay to stay, so it makes sense...
The music ranges from pretty straight jazz, such as the Saturday night house quintet (usually unrehearsed but great quality musicians) to funk jams and DJs late nights through the week.
The programme has also recently branched out into singer-songwriter nights and even poetry nights, usually run by external promoters.
The quality of musicians is almost always superb though, Edinburgh boasting some of the country's finest young jazz musicians.
Drinks are in the upper end of Edinburgh's price range, £3 for a pint of San Miguel (at least it's decent beer!
) but this is to be expected in such a small place.
There's a huge range of spirits behind the bar, a cocktail list, and even some special soft drinks - the Bundaberg Ginger Beer being a definite treat.
If you want a guaranteed atmosphere, the Jazz Bar has it, basically!

for my first edinburgh review- will have to start with my favorite place.
i should preface it by saying that for some reason, with few but notable exceptions, there are three types of bars this city.
1. student bars.
unlike in my home country of obamaland, where you dont have to suffer pre- 21 yr olds, this is not the case here.
also ive never seen anyone check ids in this country.
ever.
so if you want to be surrounded by girls aloud fans wearing hoochie skirts in the middle of the winter- these are the bars for you.
dangerously blocks away from the jazz bar (but the mighty russian cossack bouncer would never let those fuckers in).
the tron is a key example of a shitty student bar.
2. trendy twat bars.
all of the ones on george street.
horrible.
shanghai leads the pack of crap ttbs.
3. old man pubs.
these are my favorite of the three.
ugly casino like carpet, newspapers from the last three days, footy on tv, often only pints and no cocktails, see future reviews for the best of these.
jazz bar is a notable exception.
located across the street from my law school, it is prime post class location.
live jazz all the time.
often free, and if they charge a fee, you get can get a student discount.
it has a mid 20's to early 40's scene, from hipsters to suits to stoners to normy norms, chav free vibe in a darkish basement.
the music is loud enough to dance to but quiet enough to talk as well, just dont talk over the music, that is annoying as fuck.
all kinds of jazz.
usually can get a table.
open ridiculously late.
dont forget to get a battered hamburger at the nearby city restaurant when you call it a night

This is the best place to go to quick off an evening in edinburgh.
Live, good jazz music and decently priced drinks.
My mates and I start here around 9 on a saturday, get in the groove and then head out later if we can find the motivation to leave the incredible ambiance of this wonderful little club.
Sometimes we end up sticking around dancing the night away to live funk, disco and whoever else is on the bill.
I highly recommend at least one night at the Jazz bar, it is well worth the experience.

Die günstigen Eintrittspreise werden mit etwas höheren Getränkepreisen wett gemacht.
Sehr gemütlich und gute Musik bei einem angenehmen Publikum.
Tolle Location!

The Ron Burgandy in me has frequently lead me down to the Jazz Bar's underground venue, although unlike Ron I allow the band to play the jazz flute.
Often hosting a local Jazz band or funky/soul alternative the Jazz bar is the ideal place to unwind to some decent live music.
With the stage in close proximity to the seating area, a relaxed and comfortable seating environment and well stocked bar, the Jazz Bar is a great shout.
Entry fees are inexpensive and if you keep an eye out for your preferred band on the upcoming listings you should be in for an enjoyable night.

One of my favourite underground venues of the City.
Starting with a late tea session(around 5pm) its all about music in this place.
However, despite its name it hosts funk, blues and a whole variety of shows, with weekly standards (Aki Remally and his funky band is  a personal favourite-usually on Tuesdays and Thursdays after 12 pm) to occasional one-off acts.
Check their website for weekly updates.
The darkened interior set off the mood, and the Friday and Saturday night are crowded so don't expect to find seating, but instead lots of dancing (yes in a jazz bar!
)  It's for people who appreciate music and a chilled out atmosphere.
Even the bouncer is cool!
There's usually an entrance and the bar is not cheap but no one is forcing you to get a drink.

I always feel like I've come straight from the black and white movies when I'm in here, red lipstick and cocktail dress in tow.
There's something quite cool to say you're going to a jazz bar, and I like to click my fingers as I walk down the steps.
It's a hit or a miss with the jazz you get when you're there - if it's the house band then great (the pianist in particular can knock out some tunes) but sometimes they have guests which can be amazing, and can be bad.
Overall, definitely a fan!

Many years ago, a Jazz Bar would have been on a list of places that I would rather avoid on a night out.
However, time has changed me and not, Jazz Bar is one of the places  always really rather fancy heading too as opposed to some awful club where the noise vibrates your chest and rattles your teeth.
Maybe its just a sign of me getting old, but the thought of going some where and listening to somebody live who actually puts soul and passion in music is wonderful.
On saying that though, half of the time you go there you will be jiving to the music, and half the time you will be listening to some guy murdering a saxaphone.
Its a bit of a game of chance.
The bar itself isnt anything special to write home about, because really, its all about the music here.

Live music all day long.
Can't get much better than the Jazz Bar.
Small covers, and opened till 3am allows for a great way to relax long after all the pubs have shut down.
Mixed crowd.
Expensive drinks.
Not great for large groups all in all definitely a place to hit up when you're craving good music or a place to relax when 1am rolls around and you're still not ready to return to your flat.

Heralded by Jools Holland as the best jazz bar in Scotland, this cosy hang out in the centre of Edinburgh is surprisingly easy to miss, tucked quite modestly next to the rather loud and buzzing restaurant, Biblos.
Then again, the small size means it's probably best kept a little bit of a secret, and actually adds to the gig-like feeling one gets during the performances.
The Jazz Bar is on EVERY NIGHT of the week.. that's night after night of new, fresh, exciting acts, ranging from local favourites (one can tell by the crowd's reaction!
) to acts from Spain, the States and the list goes on...
I've introduced the Jazz Bar to several friends, who like me, have been awed by the dim-lighted ambiance, the quality of the music, the friendliness of the regulars (I've never been there without chatting to someone new!
) and the jazzy artwork for sale on it's vintage walls.
It's difficult not to become a regular, and at £5 a go, £3 for students, it won't break the bank.
Note of advice: head there for 11pm and have a little drink before the main act comes on, as they tend to take their sweet time!
Some random acts, a recent experience being rock-folk, may sneak their way in, but it's usually a hit more than a miss.

Oh how I wish I was cool enough, or had the concentration and patience to find out a bit about jazz music, and then actually listen to some and try and understand what the heck is going on with all those chords being put together in such a jazzy sense.
Unfortunately, my concentration span can be dismal at the best of times, so the fact remains that I don't know terribly much about the wonders of jazz.
However, I do like this bar, and I reckon if I came and soaked up some of the lydians and side-slipping (massively looked these jazz terms up) on a more regular basis, I might eventually sound proficient when discussing jazz.
I've actually always fancied toting a sax and looking a bit quirky and offbeat, not musically of course.
Anyway, the basement location of this bar suits its jazz orientation completely, and the atmosphere can be lively and bustling, or smooth and chilled, depending on which night you pick to come along.
The bar looks good, but it isn't over the top, and it's more about letting the quality music sound through.
There are three gigs a day at the bar, so you should find some jazz riffs to your liking.

With the discreet entrance and basement location I like to pretend I'm going into an American speakeasy filled with glamorous women and gangsters.
It's not quite that cool inside but it's definitely up there!
This is a great bar if you fancy trying something a bit different for a change.
I'm not actually a jazz fan but I always enjoy a night here.
Partly its the cool than cool atmosphere but it's also good to be able to enjoy some live music and a drink.
As a previous reviewer said the music can be a bit hit or miss but it completely depends on your taste so I'd say give it and go and you can always leave if you don't like it.

This is my favourite haunt in Scotland bar none.
I am a member of Ronnie Scotts and this matches the place.
The jazz bar is a small basement with a big loyal following and live music every night of the week.
Expect anything from trad jazz to old school funk.
If you want to sit arrive before ten or wait for the late night tequila dancing to commence.
Seriously, if you enjoy live music, you must go to The Jazz Bar -  This music venue won U.K. "Best Jazz Venue" award and Scotland's "Music Pub of the Year"... and god damn!
Quite rightly so.

My friend Rachael introduced me to this gem just before Christmas, and what a recommendation!
It's now one of my favourite bar/clubs to go for some nice classy drinking.
Situated on Chambers Street it's really handy to get to.
They quite often have drinks promotions on too which is useful.
If you're into jazz, go.
If you're not that into jazz, still go!
I think it would be a great place to go later on on a date, or even just quiet drinks with friends to start an evening...
It does really liven up later on, one Saturday I was there pretty much everyone was standing dancing.
There is a really cool vibe to the place, very much like an old fashioned 1950's gin joint I would say!
There seems to be live music on every day of the week and at least 2-3 different bands on each night.
As it's quite intimate you can speak to the player's as well which is also great!
Highly recommend.

I was travelling by myself (summer 2009, i was 19) and with the people i met in the hostel we were walking around at night and after a bad experience in a previous pub we were very happy of finding this jazz bar.
None of us were big jazz fans but the atmosfere in the place was absolutely wonderful and the live musicians were great and made us dance all night long!

There should be more underground music places in Edinburgh.
This brings me back to my jazz roots as a child when I used to play saxophone in my spare time in Montreal.
The jazz festival is something i miss so when I see this place i say... YAY.
Great spot and affordable cover.
Never seen a bad show.
Coming here is a great excuse to wear sparkles and feathers.
woo!

Potentially a good, maybe great venue.
Overrated in my opinion, with surly doormen, rude bar staff and a really weird mix of clientele.
Not what you would expect to be frequenting a live jazz venue.
Infact, the majority seemed more interested in chatting loudly, rather than listen to the live music.
The Jazz bar could do with a bit of a clean, it is dimly lit, maybe this is the reason why.

The best place to enjoy jazz music in Edinburgh.
Live music every day and usually packed during weakends.

The Jazz Bar is a basement venue and the focus is the music.
From a jazz music point of view it is a-ok, as a bar though it lacks something.
Certain factors are accepted at any venue with a 3am license, the first being a group of guys will normally have more hassles getting in than a mixed group or a group of girls, fair enough but the doormen here are particularly obvious about it.
Second the drinks are likely to be more expensive and served with a lack of care, again ok I'm here to listen to some music, I can live with that.
Why then do I feel the bar lacks something, the drinks just aren't that good... More correctly (and perhaps this is a one off) there was a taint to the glasses that gave all the drinks I tried a nasty acidic edge.
Duly I switched to bottled beer, but I don't go out to drink beer from bottles!
Sadly any return to the jazz bar I make this will likely be exactly what I will do though.
My advice enjoy the music, drink bottles and don't try to enter as a group of more than three guys.

I'll freely admit that everytime I come here I am pretty trollied.
However it's great fun.
Fantastic music and lots of booze.
ALWAYS incredible value for money.
The bands are really excellent and as it's open till 3am it's one of the only decent places to go out in old town if you don't fancy a terrible club.
They could do with increasing the range of beers but I'll forgive them for their lack of beer ability because of their musical awesomeness.
Would recommend.
I would have written a longer one but I genuinely can't remember that much about being there.....

All the Old Town pubs, where ya gonna go?
Jaaaazzzz.
You want a wee dance, but can't face the George Street mafi.
Where ya gonna go?
Jaaaazzz  You want some live music, where ya gonna go?
Jaaaaazz.
You want to NOT know where your night is gonna go, you're gonna meet, what's gonna happen?
Go to jaaaaazzzz.
So I pretty much love The Jazz Bar.
As Alex R says, it's the only decent 'club' in the Old Town that's open till 3am.
Yeah there's Cowgate with Sneaky's and Opium, and they're good for some silly, fun late night antics.
But Jazz Bar's like their...well, no not their big brother.
Their older, eclectic uncle who never got married and still wears his salt and pepper hair slightly long and shows you how to do the perfect rollie and introduces you to brandy.
That uncle.
He also probably still says "cats" for "folks" and bought you John Coltrane's album (as a CD, not download) for your Christmas.
I admit at first I was intimidated by the very name of Jazz Bar as, well, whilst I do like jazz I'm definitely no jazz-buff.
That doesn't matter.
Yeah, they'll play jazz (blates) but not just jazz, and the crowd is the most diverse I've seen in any bar.
Students, older generation, everything in between.
There's drunkeness, yes, but it's not the aggresive, silly, disruptive type.
It's pretty much where all the regulars and bar staff of all the local bars end up after closing time.
They also have lots of great different nights on, like jam sessions on a Thursday, and different singers or musicians each night that the regulars get to know and come just for their performances.
Aki's already had a shout-out from Anna, he's pretty much a pillar of the Jazz Bar now.
You can't go and not hear or see him.
And yeah, he's awesome.
It won't appeal to those who like George Street.
It will appeal to pretty much everyone else.
The Old Town's worst kept secret.

The place to be, especially on Monday nights, when The Babes jazz up the place with their jams.
They're super skilled, and are a bundle of fun to move and listen to.
Their set progresses from dance-able instrumentals to jazzified Prince covers!
For these tunes, which include "Kiss," the saxophonist switches between vocals and the brass.
Pay the cheap cover and grab an equally inexpensive vodka ginger, and you'll be good to go, in this dimly-lit, underground jazz bar.
If jazz hands and the twist aren't your thing, there are tables you can sit at, whilst sipping your drink and bobbing your head, but I highly recommend hitting the dance floor.
When the Prince covers begin, you simply cannot just sit there!

Fantastic rowdy bar.
Came here late at night and stayed even later.
It was totally packed and lively.
Got me some Innus & Gunn beer, which was my first time, and was fantastic.
There was a band playing solid music.
Some Scottish guy with a polo tucked into pleated khakis was leaning over and trying to say something, spitting in my face.
It was quite genuine.

Ended here after our Xmas night out, different to the norm but really enjoyed it.
1st jazz band good but 2nd, more funk jazz were fab.
Lots of dancing, drinking and fun had by all.
V busy too...

The Jazz Bar has to one of my favourite spots to venture when on a night out in Edinburgh.
The music is generally always great, there's a good crowd, and the bartenders make excellent drinks.
The Jazz Bar is open until 3am and 5am during the Festival.
There's generally an entrance cover ranging from 3-5 pounds (cheaper if you are a student).
I'd recommend their espresso martini as I've always had a great one here!
It's a great place especially if you have guests visiting the city.
It's pretty centrally located as well!

I love the jazz bar.
It's full of fun people, full of fun music, and full of fun booze.
I personally don't dig the 9-12 slot where they play actualy jazz, but after midnight the Funk Dungeon kicks off and some of Edinburgh's finest musicians play incredible moving music every damn night :D

Yay for The Jazz Bar!
Smooooth!
Live music seven nights a week, what more do you want?
Most nights are free entry before 8pm or so but after you need to pay door tax, around £5 or under depending on the night.
It's just how I would imagine a Jazz bar to be.
Located on the basement level so it's already dark with a dimly lit bar and candle lit tables - the perfect Jazz den.
Chilled out atmosphere with a real mix of customers.
It's great for somewhere to open late that is not full of pervy drunken idiots!
Drink is pretty expensive here.
However the beer and spirits choices on offer are quite impressive for such a wee place.
Weekends are mobbed!
Don't expect a big conversation cause its quite loud - but its a jazz bar!
If you want a seat, go early.
Although I think they should remove the tables and chairs come the weekend to create a proper dance floor and prevent people from falling over the chairs and bumping into people sitting on them... just a thought!
That's what weekends are for anyway - dancing!!
Nice!

Live jazz till 3am?
Yes, please!
I've been to the jazz bar quite a few times now and thoroughly enjoyed myself every time!
The drinks aren't too expensive, it's got a nice cosey feel...but what's most important is that you can dance into the wee hours to such sweet, sweet music amongst a plethora of interesting characters!
Because at the jazz bar, there's always someone to dance with.
As mentioned, lack of dancing space is a bit of an issue on busier nights due to the fact that there essentially is no dancefloor.
But, of course, it's too good not to, at least, tap your toe!

On a random week night in Edinburgh, my friends and I were at a loss of what to do.
After eating at the Outsider down the street, our waiter recommended the Jazz Bar.
I'm so glad he did!
We had the best time relaxing while watching some great local talent on acoustic night.
It was interesting to see different types of people coming in, all to enjoy music.
It felt like a huge family as the MC was making jokes with people in the audience.
We left before the party got started after 12, but I wish we had stayed!

£3 to see two shows in a seedy basement full of college dropouts, artists, doctors, hipsters and barristers with a devoted appreciation of the best improv jazz in town.
This sweaty basement is compulsory listening my friends.
My only complaint is that the beer list is rubbish, it's otherwise a top joint.

