At Pataka, hidden away from the city's hubbub in Newington, the order of the day is Indian and Bengali food - personal favourites of mine.
Both a restaurant and take away, Pataka is never without a customer - and it is easy to see why.
Food here is bursting with traditional flavours of India and cooked to perfection.
Prices are moderate, and both the food and drink menus are extensive.The restaurant itself is cosy and modern, but still shows its traditional roots.
Staff are friendly and quick, plus a quick chat with our waitress revieled that Pataka has featured in one of Ian Rankin's Rebus detective novels - which was a nice suprise.
Patakas is an excellent restaurant, with good food and nice surroundings.

Pataka has a tiny interior and a minimalist menu.
But don't be put off,  what Pataka does offer is some top quality Indian fare.
The menu seems to focus in the individual chefs specialities - and these are mostly unique and tasty offerings.
I opted for the Mangsho Roti, a spicy lamb dish accompanied by a couple of light and fluffy chapattis.
As my fellow diners agreed, Pataka's dishes seem to have a clean and fresh appeal that plenty of Indian restaurants seem to lack.
A little out of town, but with plenty of nearby bars to accompany a visit to Pataka you should be settled for the settled and content for the evening.

A great little place but somewhere you need to make a reservation for, the seating area is tiny and it's always full.
Take this as a good sign though, I'm told that the vast majority of people in here are returning, regular customers.
When I finally got a table, I was blown away by the attention the charming waiting staff paid us (anymore and it would have been creepy).
My lamb was cooked to perfection and really juicy.
They rice was some of the best I've ever tasted, whatever they flavored it with should be bottled and sold as an alternative to crack.

I love a good tasty Indian meal, and this is exactly what I got at Pataka.
I have gone to many Indian restaurants and this is a very good one and the prices are pretty reasonable too.
I started off with a couple of papadums which were lovely and crispy and not too greasy and followed this up with a chicken Rogan Josh, which was just under £6 and had accompanied this with a naan bread which was well sized.
The meal was delicious, the Rogan Josh sauce was full of spice and flavour and the chicken was lovely and tender.
I normally get a carry out from Pataka, but the decor inside is nice, if not a bit simple.

A classic curry house that strangely is also a homage to Glasgow's Macintosh-designed tea rooms of the early 20th century, complete with the high-backed wooden seats.
They serve a nice range of curries, all with lots of thick sauce, just as it should be.
My favourite is the bright red Tikka Massalam.
As another reviewer reminded me - this wee restaurant also featured in one of Ian Rankin's Rebus novels ("Set In Darkness").

Really great food, best Indian meal I've had in Edinburgh.
Staff are very friendly.
Outside and inside was refurbished recently and looks the better for it (photos on yelp are dated now)The food is tasty, great variety; sabzi chiili dahl is amazing, the chicken dish in the chef's special wow!

A decent Indian (Bengali) dining experience with a reasonable price for the generous amount of food.
We were a party of two on a weeknight with some time to spend.
Ordered a vegetarian Biryani, Okra, Chicken Bhuna, and some garlic naan, paired with the house white (a fruity affair described as "quite nice" by my non-connoisseur partner) and lassi (drinking yoghurt level, definitely not as thick as I would prefer it).
The staff are very friendly and courteous, and the food is quite pleasing.
Each of the above dishes is well prepared - e.g.
okra maintains a slight crunch, vegetables retain a mix of their own flavour and the main spices.
There is a pleasing selection on the menu for vegetarians and non-vegetarians.
One main reason a 5 is not given is my high expectation, having visited eastern India.
On the other hand, I forgot to request original spiciness.
This would be quite tasty to European palates.
My partner and I have sort of agreed to a 4.5, complimenting our sum total experience with this place.

