Laing Boutique stock a whole host of gorgeous jewellery and when I walk past absolutely everything in the window caught my eye, in fact, there wasn't one piece of jewellery that I didn't like which is unusual as I'm quite fussy with jewellery.
The Lulu Guinness pieces are gorgeous, I haven't heard of this designer before or seen any of her pieces but the rose bud collection displayed in the window here is beautiful and I completely fell in love with one bracelet in particular - definitely going on my birthday list.
The "Bellezza by Mancini" cocktail rings are gorgeous, they have a great selection and are around £135 which is quite reasonable.
They really are statement rings and would look great on a special night out.
In addition to jewellery they also have a large stock of watches and the Juicy Couture watches were very cute.
Overall, a very welcoming and well organised little jewellers with friendly staff who greet all customers rather than just talking to the ones who look like they have lots of money like some jewellers.
The pieces in here are very unusual and a lot more original than the Pandora crap that everyone and their Gran wears.

Laing Boutique is the quirkier, more costume jewellery edged little sister to the bigger, more expensive Laing the Jeweller a few doors up.
The boutique may be wee, but it's full of glass cabinets of jewellery joy, with many trendsome brand names, such as Juicy Couture, Lulu Guinness, Mont Blanc and Cruz.
The jewels in here definitely have a fun edge to them, and are certainly fashionable, so this is a good option for browsing when you want something that's less high street trinket, and more quality fashion jewellery that you can wear over and over without worrying about it falling to pieces.
There are still more expensive, special occasion items to be found here, like the Gucci watches, and as watches go, I'm quite a fan of the Juicy Couture cream numbers that Laing also stock.
They've recently brought in a range of Mancini rings, which are excellent, because you just buy whichever band you want from the range, and they're all really reasonably priced, then you can keep coming back and buying different colours of stones to team with the band, as they're detachable.
Great for fickle minded people like me, who get bored of the same colour after a few days.

