From the outside I thought Focus would be a lot flashier than what it was, a bit emptier and a hell of a lot more expensive.
I was so surprised to find that it was packed with skater trends, had a massive sale on and some really good gear.
It's a skate store for guys and I'm feeling a bit out of touch with skater trends these days, but they had big old fat Nike high tops, some more functional skater shoes (that you can actually skate in without breaking 'em in, ha), and brands such as Carhartt.
They had an exciting sale on, with t shirts coming down to under £20, which had brands such as charity orientated Bawbags being slashed in price.
I was a bit gutted my feet are too small for some of the trainers in here because it was the best shoe sale I'd seen in ages.
They even had wee keyrings with tiny Nike trainers on them that in hindsight I wish I'd bought!
I thought it was more fashionable than functional but the clothes have always been a big part of the skating culture and this is a good place to go to acquire them.
I could see the fashionable t shirts appealing to more than just a skating audience and with the friendly shop guy (who was sympathetic when he caught me mid-argument with my mum on the phone), Focus can't do wrong in my eyes.

I'm not a radical enough dude to catch big air and get totally stoked busting out a few moves, but despite my geneal lack of awesomeness, I rather like quite a lot of the t-shirts and trainers on sale in here.
I am perhaps a bit of a fish out of water given that I find extreme sports fairly pointless, but the staff never make me feel that way.
A good little store and worth a look if you'repassing.

If I had to sum up Focus in one word, I'd say it was pretty gnarly.
If you're a skater dude then this place is right up your street.
They stock skateboards, skater related merchndise including clothes, trainers, hoodies, belts, bags, skateboard stickers and various other accessories.
It's a reasonable sized shop and everything is very well stocked and laid out making it easy and pleasant to browse.
If you have any friends that are into skating then you can get quirky gifts and accessories in here for reasonable prices.
Cool man.

