I don't suggest the average person decide to enroll in this day school, or pay an impromptu visit, because as beautiful as it is to look at, it is definitely a monument still in use!
I've walked past this ancient building everytime I go down Lauriston Place from the George Square university area, and I'm always amazed that some kids actually get to go to school in Hogwarts.
And I'm a little bit jealous as well.
The grounds are massive, and I doubt those little children really deserve such a beautiful academic environment.
Honestly though, the oldest students there are probably just a year or two younger than I am, but I'll rant on anyway!
The school was commissioned by George Heriot, and it's a little sad to think such a place, with it's wonderful renaissance architecture, started off as a charitable institution for children, but is now a fee paying school.
Nevertheless, they have open days on in September, should you really want to explore the school.

Fans d'Harry Potter, ouvrez grand vos yeux : voici le bâtiment qui a inspiré J.K. Rowling dans la création du château de nos sorciers préférés, Hogwarts.
Vous le savez probablement, elle a commencé d'écrire la saga dans un café (The Elephant House) dans lequel on aperçoit cette école par la fenêtre.
Il s'agit en effet d'une école (maternelle, primaire, collège), privée et donc payante pour nos chers bambins tous vêtus de leur uniforme.
Si vous vous demandez comment les écossais font pour être toujours très peu vêtus alors qu'il fait quand même très froid dans le pays, vous comprendrez en voyant les enfants.
Leur tenue scolaire n'est pas des plus chaude...  J'ai été nounou de deux filles scolarisées ici alors j'ai eu la chance de pouvoir me promener dans la cour et dans les bâtiments.
Je parle de chance parce que tout est réellement impressionnant... et tellement ressemblant à Hogwarts que j'aimais beaucoup cet endroit.
Si vous passez dans le coin c'est un endroit à visiter, même en ayant une simple vue derrière les grilles.

