I have to agree with Alice, everything does look a little skinny in this shop.
The parrots looks anorexic, have a little look for yourself.
But then again, when did you ever seen a happy caged animal?

I understand where Stuart and Alice are coming from.
The magic of seeing a bird in a cage when you're a kid is non existent when you're an adult - it's pretty grim.
That being said, although witnessing animals boxed up in containers makes me feel uncomfortable, I didn't think the guineas and budgies in here looked malnourished.
The rabbits, rodents and guineas all had a good bit of space to bounce about in, although they all seem to huddle together in one corner of the enclosure for heat which is quite cute.
I think that rabbits should be kept in hutches even when in a pet store, so I wasn't too chuffed seeing them in a smaller space, but they attract a lot of interest from customers so hopefully they'll be bought soon.
Then they can roam free, or at least with more space than that.
The birds looked healthy but I'm a firm believer that our avian friends should be allowed to fly free in their own climate.
They arguably don't take to domestication as well as cats or dogs, who are allowed out and frolic about the house.
Some people let their budgies out and that makes it better, but I don't like the thought of birds in cages.
But if people must, at least the birds in Dofo's looked comfortable, and their cages were clean.
They had plenty of food and companions to stop them getting restless.
What is seemingly being left unmentioned is the stock in Dofo's.
This is a great outlet for food and toys for all kinds of animals.
They also have an extensive range of equipment and bedding.
Prices range depending on what you're looking for, but there's a whole room dedicated to animal necessities.
I've always kept pets and struggle to find places like this in Glasgow.
You end up resorting to using the supermarket, which is basic.
If I stayed in Edinburgh I'd come here.
This is a catnip emporium and the pet toys in here would drive my cats nuts.
They also have enough rinds, bones and Markies to keep the Duchess that is my Yorkie happy.
She's like the queen Mum these days and there's enough food in here to keep her pampered throughout her golden years.

I hate cats.
I like most other animals, but I hate cats.
They're anit-social, they scratch anyone who comes within a ten metre radius of them and they only give their owners any affection when they want fed.
Unfortunately, Dofos is full of these violent, two-faced gits who are just prowling about the place like they're something special.
Further, there seem to be cages all over the place with emaciated, bored parrots in them who don't want to 'play ball' with the talking thing.
They do, however, have plenty of pet food, accessories, cages and even medicines for animal ailments.
I haven't had a pet since my rabbit died in 2002 (RIP Smokey), but if I did I probably wouldn't come here for the pet food.
The prices are reasonable and they have a good range of products, but the cats just do my head in!

I've realised just how much I dislike pet stores!
I haven't been in too many so I can't compare Dofos (funny name) to other stores of the like, but the birds and rodents they had in cages brought out the inner PETA activist in me.
I mean, I'm not going vegetarian or anything crazy like that, but it is quite sad to see animals confined to such a small space.
Rant aside, I .. suppose... Dofos is alright for pet food, as they seemed to have an extensive amount of the stuff!
They also had several cats slurking about as well as the cutest little kittens for sale.
It wasn't really my cup of tea, but if you have animals that need feeding I suppose this is the place to go.

If you're looking to treat the furry friend in your life then Dofos Pet Centre has an excellent range of chew sticks, biscuits and other tid bits for the apple of your eye.
When I ventured in last week I left with a couple of tins of "Applaws" gourmet cat food and some cheese flavoured biscuits for my fussy cat.
He is a cat.
I know that, my family all know that and if you met the guy, you'd also know that he is a cat.
The problem is... that he doesn't know he's a cat and no matter what kind of cat food we buy him, he just doesn't eat it so whenever I see a new range I have to buy it for him in the hope that he'll scoff it down.
Instead, he  turns his nose up and sits outside the fridge to see what else there is for him.
Whenever I eat my dinner he tries to eat it, no matter what it is and we've even got to the stage where we have to buy him salmon and tuna fillets as otherwise he goes on a hunger strike.
Unfortunately the "Applaws" food sunk like a lead balloon so next time I pop in I'll have to see what else I can get to tempt him with.
They have a huge selection of cat food so hopefully there's something he'll eat!
In addition to pet treats they also have beds, collars, combs, and various other animal accessories.
I'm gutted that I never met the cats who wander around that some of the other reviewers have mentioned, they could have given me some cat food recommendations for my own moggy.

And I'm in love with the dimple faced staff member that works here.
A totally innocent love, mind you...
I could probably be his mom.
But he took such good care of the love of my life that I couldn't help but want to buy everything in the store in the hopes that it would pay his college tuition... which I realize now is a fruitless effort because it's free to go to Uni in Scotland, although we'll see how that goes.
So yea, I walk into this pet store to be greeted with timeshare salesman like service.
They took my pup, fit her with a new harness (which she says is itchy, but I think looks great), sold me on some training treats and of course, didn't let me leave without a massive squeaking strawberry which, next to my shoes, clothes, bedding, rug and furniture... is the only thing she will play with.
I left £30 poorer but the dog was very happy.

The best.
Great service.
Happy, healthy animals.
Great selection of products.
Friendly staff.
We got our cherished kitten, Hector, from Dofo's.
He's easily the best friend we've ever found in a pet shop.
We've enjoyed great support from them.

