I'm not usually a huge fan of Semichem, I don't find it any cheaper than Superdrug and they don't have as good a selection as other cosmetic stores either.
It has made it into my good books recently when I found a stack of my beloved Pears soap.
I get quite bad skin and have used literally everything to calm it down.
Up until last year Dr. Seabagh was my miracle cream but when that stopped working for my I could have cried.
Lucky for me, I discovered Pears soap not long after.
I know, I know, everyone always says not to use soap on your face but it's worked wonders for me.
What's better is that it's around 60p for a bar unlike £25 for my previous cleanser.
I couldn't believe it  when I bought a bar recently to find out that they've changed the recipe and I think my skin is allergic to whatever knew is in it as it broke out with the new bar.
Noo!
So I decided to traipse round every soap stockist in Glasgow and Edinburgh to find the old batches of Pears soap and after going into what felt like 2940924 shops I finally found my beloved Pears in this branch of Semichem.
Hoorah!
Needless to say, I bought about 12 bars so hopefully that will last me for a good while.
I think the shop assistant thought I was mad though, or just really dirty.
Anyways, in addition to old Pears soap, Semichem also sell a really good highlighting shampooo called "Henna", not only does it smell amazing, it also works!

This place has everything, but I;m not going to lie...kinda freaks me out.
Warning - childhood memory coming up....
When I was younger my gran would take me here and she would spend ages pouring over all the creams and lotions, and all the shampoo smells and all the toothpaste qualities.
So I associate Semi-chem with frustrated memories of choosing between 'berry blossom' or 'vanilla skies' because 'people can smell your hair you know.
' Ok Gran.
Nostalgia aside, they have a lot of stock and it's all pretty decent.
This shop is pretty small and narrow, however, and can get a bit cramped.
Staff are lovely though.

Plenty if battery's in this store and half the price than high street shops

