Booked a deal here for 3 courses for £9.99 for 18 people at 19:00 so little did I expect the restaurant to call me on the day and ask what time I'd booked for.
The deal stopped promptly at 19:00 despite being offered up to that point (something to do with a changeover in the kitchen but why then not offer it only till 18:45?).
The food we did finally have was as tasty as you'd expect for Thai & reasonably priced.
Not 100% certain we were charged corkage on all or any of our wine as the staff seemed a little discombobulated but that may have had something to do with our request for a basin of water to sit a bunch of rubber ducks in

The Wild Elephant has a problem.
The food is nice- I personally recommend the Thai Red Curry, which was very good.
The service is also good, with excellent and attentive staff who are friendly and charming.
At this point, you may be thinking 'but isnt the food and the staff who serve you your food what makes a restaurant great?
' - but I can assure you, there are some big problems.
Firstly, The Wild Elephant certainly is a wild one - with eratic opening times which one would assume has no bearing on actual peak times of people wanting to eat in Thai restaurants, its best to ring up and book to make sure you are not dissapointed to find out that the restaurant isnt open when you want it.
More so, as our night wound on the feeling that the staff were waiting for us to leave was awkward and unpleasent - but the staff (to thier credit), did remain happy and helpful until we were finished of our own accord.
Secondly, the interior designer needs to be shot - an update to the 80's decor is desperatly needed!
Not a huge thing, but enough to put a downer on the evening on account of being so dull.
Lastly, and this is a big one - the price.
The Wild Elephant is expensive, and needlessly so - other restaurants of this standard are charging half the price for the same food.
The over all experience is of good food and friendly staff, but in an atmosphere of being unable to relax, for fear of being thrown out of the 80's with a huge bill.

I love Thai food so I was very excited to try this place out.
As you walk in you sort of forget the busy street outside but you are sort of pulled into a restaurant that could do with a makeover.
The lady serving us was very polite and efficient.
The food was good,  I particularly enjoyed the duck dish (I'm terrible with names) but my friend's soup was rather tasteless.
They do take away too (you have to pick it up) but as Jonathan mentioned it's rather pricey for what it offers, and it's not like it's in the most upmarket area of town either.
Oh and definitely call beforehand!

I had walked passed The Wild Elephant everyday when I was in first year going to my classes and I always intended to go in as I love Thai food, but it took me till my second year to actually step foot in the restaurant.
The inside decor of the restaurant looks very 1970's and it is covered in elephants and you could easily be mistaken for thinking you were actually in Thailand.
The staff were incredibly inviting and attentive and there was an excellent selection of dishes on their menu, with a great veggie section too.
I chose dishes which were house specialities and I had the chicken in Thai Green Curry which was gorgeous and my friend had the tempura which she adored as well.
The portions were a decent size and I thought the dishes were reasonably priced for what they were.
I saw other customers in the restaurant bringing in their own bottles of wine which would definitely be a cheaper option than ordering the restaurant's wine.
The White Elephant is definitely worth a look.

The Wild Elephant's interior decor is certainly dated, yet it still has a relaxed and tranquil atmopshere.
This, along with the friendly and efficient service, creates a great environment in which you can enjoy your meal.
I came here with my flatmates a few months ago and we all agreed that the food, although excellent, wasn't the cheapest by far.
We ate from the a la carte menu which offers two courses for £15.
I had the squid started followed by a really nice and creamy beef curry.
Both courses tasted amazing, yet the portions weren't the biggest considering their prices.
It's a great place to come if you're into Thai food, but it's only downfall is that it's prices more than match its quality.

Been gagging on a Chicken Pad Thai for 6 months (can't believe it's been that long already!
) so a few weeks ago I began the hunt, scouring the city for Thai restaurants with my aforementioned favourite on their menu...   Celadon?
Prawn only.
Time 4 Thai?
Prawn only.
Thai Orchid?
PRAWN ONLY!
Now I know I could probably venture in and request the chicken variety, of course I'm sure they would be more than happy to accommodate me.
But who wants to be the fussy diner in the Thai Restaurant?
Hmm?
Anyone?
Thus my journey continued.
And led me to the Wild Elephant, possibly the closest Thai Restaurant to my home funnily enough.
Could it be the nutty noodle dish I have craved so long had been right here under my nose all along??
And with lifted spirits, my answer came...
It could!
Now I can only comment on the takeaway service as I did not plan on passing this place, remembering my quest and reacting as impulsively as I did.
If I'm honest I don't think I could ever enter a restaurant with the pre-notion of requesting a "table for one, please...."!
In the 5 minutes/eternal wait I had to endure, I passed the time buying a lottery ticket and browsing the menu for other delights that may pique my interest and/or memory.
I can agree with others on the state of the prices.
Considering the most I've ever spent on Pad Thai is about £3.50, the menu was a bit of a fright, valuing my meal at £9.99!
A slight relief is that the price comes down for takeaway and I only had to part with £6.50 (the friendly lady was kind enough to waive 49p due to their lack of change and my only alternative payment the crisp £20 note in my pocket!).
The Pad Thai, however, was delightful.
The portion perfect, and I'm sure I'll part with 7 quid again one day when I get my next craving.
But with classier, cheaper options in town, The Wild Elephant will most likely be cast as the bit of rough I go to for my Chicken Pad Thai fix!
HIGHLIGHT: The reunion of the year!
LOWLIGHT: Didn't win Euromillions...!

