The meal deal.
Need I say more?
Boots seem to have convinced the masses that their lunch deal generosity can be easily exploited.
Picking up a hoi sin duck wrap, fruit salad and a smoothie all for 2.99 is an absolute steal and time after time Boots have proves their worth in the lunch department.
Apparently they sell a range of toiletries too.

While thinking about what to write in this review, it has come as quite a shock to me how much I must actually use this Boots store.
I use it for all of my toiletry needs - shampoos, aftershaves, toothpaste - the whole sha-bang.
There must be so much stuff crammed into here - the shop is huge, and set across two levels, with most of the toiletries and cosmetics downstairs, and electricals and gift things upstairs.
I also use it for food - the meal deal that they do in boots is great value for money, and while there isnt a vast range to choose from, they are all pretty darn tasty.
As I said, I use it a lot, but with good reason - theres loads of stuff that I can buy here!

Everyone loves Boots - fact.
They have a great meal-deal here, I'm sure you all know and love it as much as I do, but this particular branch is sold out before the cannon goes off  at 1pm.
Toiletry-wise, it pretty much has everything.
And the pharmacy is well stocked too, with professional staff.

I like to call this one the mamma of all Boots, though I noticed some one else calls it the daddy of all Boots!
Either way, you get our point.
It is main branch headquarters at it's most dazzling, with two large floors of every primping, preening and spraying product you could ever imagine.
The ground floor is quite fancy, with a wide variety of make up and perfume brands, ranging from Chanel and Estee Lauder to Rimmel and Maybelline.
Toiletries, body, and hair products are also on the ground floor, whilst the majority of baby products are on the first floor.
There's hardly a product you won't find at Boots!

I am on the Boots email list and knew that it was their triple points event.
Always up for a bargain or special offer, I made sure not to miss this one.
I use my work flexible benefits to buy pre tax gift vouchers from my wages so I get £30 of Boots gift vouchers per quarter which saves me 9% from the regular price.
Starting my Christmas shopping early I got hair care products 3 for £10 on John freida.
my sister loves his products so thats some stocking fillers taken care of.
I treated myself to the new benefit mascara "their real" and I am pleased with my purchase.
There was a prise draw taking place for a bottle of fragrance which I entered.
Although they only had one pen to fill out the entry form and a queue of folk waiting to use it, come on guys get organised and get more pens!
I got a small goodie bag with a mini nail varnish from nails inc, a sample of face creams from Elisabeth Arden and a small plastic sample glass of cava, which was unexpected and welcomed.
The shop was super busy due to the event, this meant that staff were very busy and not able to spend much time with customers and It felt a bit impersonal.
With the triple points day you got £12 of advantage card points if you spent over £50.
The only thing was that the advantage card readers were all switched off for the event so you could not redeem the points that day which is a bit rubbish.
Good deal with the extra advantage card points but the event wasn't special enough for me so 3 stars for Boots is good but could have been way better.

