This is a great, authentic Thai takeaway located on Leith Walk which has amazingly fast delivery time.
My flatmates and I ordered from here at the beginning of the year and within about twenty minutes it was at our front door with additional cost of only £2!
The food is also excellent, with a wide range of curries, soups penang dishes and many others, all of which originating from Thailand.
I had the spicy chicken wings starter followed by a hot Chu Chee beef curry and rice.
It was all delicious, with a great blend of heat, cream and herbs in the curry sauce and the beef tasted tender and lean.
I would definitely order from this place again, both my flatmates and myself thought the food was tasty and filling and the speed of the delivery was unbelievable!

This place delivers, and in more ways than one.
The food from here is amazing Thai cuisine - there is a huge selection to choose from in the extensive and traditional menu, and if I could eat takeaway food every day I would start at the top and work my way through as they all sound lovely.
Delivery is fast as well, like really fast - but only if you catch it on a good day, on more than one occasion I have expected super fast and got average, but I cant complain - its still quicker than most places.

There are such a myriad of takeaways on Leith Walk that it can be hard to know where to go for your instant Asian food fix.
I can't claim to have sampled every single one, but I can tell you that Lan Thai stands out from the crowd.
Not your run of the mill MSG-flavoured greasy slop with a tub of undercooked rice, Lan Thai instead provides mouth-watering Thai curry, and Pad Thai that does not disappoint.
I'm not going to rave about its "authenticity" or overall cultural experience - there's nothing exceptional about the ordinary, neon-signed shop or the slightly hassled staff who take your order, but I can promise you that the food tastes good, which is, after all, what you want from a takeaway.
My over-excited flatmate described her red curry as "a coconut orgasm in my mouth" - if that's not a recommendation, I don't know what is.

I'm seriously baffled by all of the positive reviews Lan Thai has got.
Maybe I just ordered on a bad night, but I may never know as I shan't be going back.
I'd been travelling back from business in Belfast, all I'd eaten was a muffin at 8am.
I didn't get home until about 9pm so I was super hungry, so my other half and I decided to order in.
Unfortunately we chose to order from Lan Thai   We didn't receive the crackers we were supposed to get for our order over £16, and the takeaway boxes were broken.
No big deal, accidents happen.
But the food.. urgh.
I ate about two bites and was done.
The massaman curry is a few bits of chicken and peanuts floating around in some orange water.
The Pad Thai tastes like someone has poured lemon washing up liquid in it.
It was absolutely appalling, disgusting... urgh.
Seriously, please don't order from here.
You'll regret it.

