It's all just a bit lost on me, its art that doesn't know what to do with itself.
If your going to do anything artistic on the commercial market, it has to be functional.
All the stuff looks impressive as hell but lets be honest, you're not going to cook in an apron that costs more than £3 are you?
It's the kind of place that you go to buy a unique gift that the person will never use.
But it will make them look that little bit more trendy as it gathers dust in the corner.

I'm surprised that Concrete Wardrobe doesn't have a higher star rating as I thought this place was ace when I ventured in and I love the concept.
Essentially, a space for designers to display their artworks, bags, clothing and other accessories which makes everything really individual and you won't find many of the designers stocked anywhere else.
This shop has a welcoming vibe and everything is very funky so perfect if your on the lookout for something different or if you have friends who like receiving unusual gift items.
As the other reviewers have mentioned, the only problem is that the items are a bit on the pricey side but I can see this place doing really well with young professionals who want to kit out their fancy pads with one off pieces.

Very modern and arty, Concrete Wardrobe is the kind of place that many would like to be seen visiting to kit out their accommodation, but in reality the cheap tat from IKEA will probably win out.
Home furnishings aren't my speciality by any stretch of the imagination, but the impractical, oddball yet striking goods on sale in here at least make me glad such a shop exists.

I have often walked past this place and finally ventured in as part of my Christmas shopping for 2011.
Lots of local artisan products available, great for when you're looking for something original or a little bit different.
People are super friendly and helpful too!
Perhaps a little expensive but still shows excellent support of the artistic talent on offer in Edinburgh.

Concrete Wardrobe stocks the most beautiful things.
Glorious, gorgeous scarfs.
Jewellery, purses, mugs, clothes ...
I could spend a fortune in here.
But that's the only problem - even spending a fortune would get me maybe one mug and a scarf.
I walked round, picking things up and putting them down again, fast - £90 for a scarf, for example, is a bit beyond my means!
I did also get ignored by the staff, who were too busy having a gasping conversation about the Salisbury Centre closing down - but maybe they spotted my gulps at the prices and decided not to embarrass me...

