They offer a traditional dinner and a mediocre show, good stuff!
Plus, I discovered an uncanny love for haggis here!

This is probably one of the best hotels I have stayed at ever, and I have been in some crazy hotels, from the Gritti Palace in Venice to the Plaza Athenee in Paris.
None however were as warm and welcoming as the Scots running this prime Edinburgh hotel.
It might be a short schlep out of the centre of town, but pound-for-pound, compared to the likes of the Missoni it is one helluvalot better.
I ended up here the marathon weekend over the summer, and was only able to book 1 night.
Having arrived, I told them I needed another night, and within a couple of hours they squirreled me out enjoying afternoon tea in one of their beautifully decorated reception rooms to inform me that there was another night available if I so desired.
From the moment I stepped through the front door the staff made me feel as if I was a long lost friend returning home.
Their courtesy and warmth was impeccable, and delivered with traditional Scottish gusto.
No doubt to "remind me of my English-ness" they put me in the Churchill suite, and I wasn't disappointed in the den they had assigned me, which was super cosy and intimate.
The grounds are surrounded by a large golf course and there are plenty of good vantage points for Arthur's seat and beyond.
It's a quite and idyllic spot to be in, and all the more amazing considering that the bounds of central Edinburgh and not that far away, with everything it has to offer.
Edinburgh taxi drivers are certainly friendly!
If you are looking for a well-served, romantic weekend away, with excellent hospitaility, amazing restaurant (michelin-starred if I remember correctly) and great afternoon tea, then look no further than the Prestonfield House Hotel.

During this trip I found out that my daughter loves themed dinners.
We ended up here at "The Worlds Most Famous Scottish Show Scottish Entertainment, Dinner & Wine  An unmissable evening of Scottish music, costume, bagpipes, fiddles and dance in the magically historic setting of Prestonfield House.
Enjoy expectional entertainment with wine and a gourmet dinner served by our kilted waiters"  Although the food was unexceptional, think wedding or banquet meal, we had a grand time interacting with the LARGE tour groups that come and were entertained by the music and dancers.
We even had Haggis, which I did not mind...reminded me of meatloaf they way they prepared it.

I would give my right arm to stay here again.
This hotel is beautiful.
Walking down the road, late in the night, through the lovely slightly lit grounds surrounded by fog made for the best arrival ever.
I am still confused and in awe at how this place exists in the middle of town?!
You would never have thought it when looking around the gardens from the plush breakfasting room.
Especially when I spied some peacocks and a highland cow!?
So back to the hotel.
It is extravagant, decorated to the most amazing standard, and did I mention the lovely green gardens!?
Surrounded by golden embossed wallpaper, lovely complimentary smellies and a very welcoming staff make this by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in.
I may have felt a little out of place but I cannot wait to stay here, if I ever get the chance again!

I am luck y enough to have fabulous friends that treated me to afternoon Tea on Sat for my Birthday.
I dont think i have ever been in a hotel that is 5 star and felt so comfortable and special all at the same time.
Afternoon Tea was delicious and the staff who served us were extremely polite and attentive.
The Hotel is beautiful and the gardens are equally as nice.
I was even in shock at how nice the bathrooms are!
The best place i have been for afternoon tea and the nicest hotels.
I hope to be back very soon.

Prepare to be transported to a place of indulgence, located in the grand setting of Prestonfield House, where Rhubarb wows from start to finish.
Pure decadence is reflected in the rich fabrics, evocative fragrances and delightful service.
Prestonfield house is a five-star boutique hotel located in the Prestonfield area of the city of Edinburgh.
About a 5-10 minute taxi ride from the Royal mile depending on traffic and nestled in the shadow of Arthur's Seat.
Royalty have been known to stay here, and you will feel particularly special when offered the choice of four opulent drawing rooms in which to quaff pre-dinner drinks.
As Tatler says it is 'Triple A Rated spoil me factor'!
The house was originally known as Priestfield and was once a monastery founded in 1150 by the Earl of Northumbria.
Throughout the next few centuries, the estate changed hands many times until it was unfortunately burned to the ground by Protestant students in 1670.
The family had the house re designed and built again by architect William Bruce and then renamed Prestonfield.
The newly built estate stayed in the Dick family's possession for many generations and over the years they continued to modify and improve the estate, adding more rooms, paintings, and a grand new staircase.
In the years to come the new generations of the family spent less and less time at Prestonfield and this resulted in the preservation of the decor and character of the house remaining intact for the present day visitors to enjoy....it really is a trip back in time.
It was bought by the James Thompson grou (owners of the Fabulous Witchery and The Tower Restaurants) and has been done up to a fine standard with themed rooms, antler furniture and velvet and chandeliers galore.
Rhubarb ".
I wondered where the the restaurant name had actually come from... Sir Alexander Dick , one of Prestonfields first owners was the first person to introduce Rhubarb seeds to the UK after a trip to China.
The plant was first planted in Scotland at Prestonfield in the 18th century and still grows there today in the garden.
The a la carte menu is equally grand, with my favourite starter - scallops, cauliflower puree and iberco ham, and we tried the Duck Galantine - Foie gras and ham-stuffed, boned Gressingham duck, with prunes, salted lemon, pistachio and gingerbread.
Also local produce abounds with dishes showcasing tender slow-cooked lamb, smoked with rosemary and served with crisp sweetbreads, liver royale and buttermilk potato mousseline, or Roast loin of Strathspey red deer, black pudding crumble, red cabbage purée, Arran mustard and potato mousse.
Crackling crusted loin of roe deer is perfectly cooked and complemented by a steak and liver pudding, Jerusalem artichoke puree and curious port-poached salsify.
This is a unique experience, perfect for a special occasion, but the sumptuous surroundings can also be sampled with a reasonably priced table d'hote menu for only £33.
Even better a fantastic 3 course Sunday Dinner is only £16.95 think crab salad with micro herbs, Roast rib of beef and the works with a chocolate pudding and a very reasonable Ventoux on the House wine list at £24.
Afternoon tea is also a great option at just £16.95 too in the decadent dining room or lounge a glass of fizz with it is a must!
The rooms are a bit expensive but they are absolutely beautiful and all bookings get a complimentary bottle and choclates so you will never want to leave!

The best afternoon tea in Edinburgh.
Ambiance, service and food are excellent and it's only a short bus or taxi ride from the town centre.
The scones are quite literally perfect.
Crispy on the outside, soft in the middle.
The homemade raspberry jam is both sweet and tart and a perfect match for the clotted cream.
The mini cakes are unusual, not the 'meh' offering of some places.
We had mini lemon and carrot cakes, raspberry and milk chocolate macarons, mint crunch brownies and hazelnut and Chantilly cream puffs.
Yum.
There was NO WAY I was gonna leave that table until every crumb had been consumed.
The sandwiches were nice, if I was being extra picky they could have been better however no complaints regards the freshness or taste.
Particular mention goes to the thick ham and mustard butter one.
The tea list isn't extensive however I tried an unusual black tea called lovers leap which was lovely.
They offered extra tea and hot water throughout.
This is a brilliant place for a special occasion, surrounded by opulence and candles.
They do a 2 course lunch for £18 which I think I'll try soon.
An ideal Mother's Day venue methinks!

I love Prestonfield, it is my go to place for a bit of luxury and pampering.
I actually can't believe that I haven't reviewed it many times before!
My in laws got married here 45 years ago, (in what is now rhubarb restaurant) and have had a soft spot for the place ever since.
They introduced me to the place about 8 years ago and I keep coming back.
I have been here on more than a dozen occasions and I'm never disappointed.
I love the afternoon tea here and I have had it in the antler room, leather room and even in the summer house in the garden.
There you can watch the peacocks roaming.
The attention to detail is fantastic, topping up your tea and placing napkins on your lap.
I love a bit of grandeur and this place has it in bags full.
The last time I was here with the girls for a birthday party, my friend collected her coat from the cloakroom to find they had mended the coat loop that had come detached at one side!
How amazing is that, I have been telling everyone about that.

