oooooooeeee!!!
This is such an Edinburgh shop.
When I was taking a picture for all you yelp fans out there I was accosted by an employee of this fine establishment and asked my purpose and for ID!
I've never been asked for ID from a clothes shop in my lift!
PAH!
This aside, this shop really does cater for the upper-class Edinburgh socialite.
They have some lovely clothes, the quality speaks for itself.
(as does the price tag).
The staff are somewhat...erm...stuffy and the general atmosphere of the shop is somewhat pretentious I'm afraid to say.....but they have really good quality items and if you're into that sort of thing then by all means have a dander!

These guys supplied all our robes and hoods etc for graduation, and I have to say it was all very efficient.
Efficiency though, whch came at a price; I paid upwards of £50 to hire a gown that I wore for about an hour and a half.
That said, when we all descended on McEwan Hall at 9am on the morning of our graduation, every single one of us had exactly the right size gown and colour of hood waiting for us.
In fact I don't know of any of my friends whose order had been messed up.
I don't really have any experience of the retail side of this shop, other than their proud boast that they've been around since Tudor times, so I couldn't really comment on that.
But for hiring formal or occasionwear, I'd definitely recommend it.
Just make sure there's plenty of wiggle-room left on your credit card for that month!

I have a huge bone to pick with Ede & Ravenscroft.
My graduation gown, according to the website, was supposed to be black, with a black silk hood lined with white silk.
Now, hats off to them, they got the colours spot on.
And they were very efficient from start to finish.
However, it was definitely not silk.
Every other graduate with a different coloured hood had a silk lining, and it looked nice.
Us MA lot had to make do with a cheap looking polyester.
Now I wouldn't mind this at all if it had been advertised as 'black cheap polyester hood with cheap polyester white lining'.
But it wasn't.
And it cost the same amount as the silk hoods.
That just seemed a bit unfair.
Also, it was £40 to wear something for about 3 hours, and it wasn't even ironed properly.
Having a complete monopoly on graduation gown hire, they seem to just take you for a bit of a ride.
Only problem is, there's no one else to get your gowns from.

As with everyone else, my robes were hired from Ede and Ravenscroft, who were the official robe makers for the university from which I graduated.
When you drape those robes around your shoulders, you do brim up with a sense of pride, even if you're paying the best part of 50 quid for three hours wear.
I pranced around and swung my degree scroll with the best of them on graduation day.
Well made and dripping in quality, Ede and Ravenscroft are the definition of old fashioned tailor.
They've been around for centuries and still hold that air of sophistication.
It's quite an intimidating shop to browse around - as Emily stated it is still a bit stuffy.
It's ultra, ultra expensive but the suits are perfection, and the ladies clothing is a fusion of old Victorian styles with a contemporary twist which took me by surprise.
It's modern and elegant - no petticoats and ankle length skirts in sight.
This place is for the rich, there's no disputing that fact.
I can imagine millionaire bachelors, ex military and gentleman's club members shopping in here.
I don't think it's relatable to the everyday shopper.
But then, it's carrying an old fashioned institution, so it doesn't have to be.
I'll probably only ever wear robes from here but that's good enough for me!

This is the first time I have every purchased anything in this shop and I have to say, the experience was very pleasant.
The frontage of the shop is wonderful and the interior is spectacular.
This all adds to the "buying experience" in my opinion.
Clearly the clothes are of great quality with a hefty price tag on some items.
The ties I thought expensive at pushing £100 but oddly, the suits seemed very reasonable.
My motive for visiting E&R was that their shirts are British made which is important to me.
Seem nice quality at a fair price (about £75).
The service was OK, if a little lacklustre.
I was surprised that ties were not worn by the staff..... but maybe I am just old fashioned.
Will definitely return to buy again.

There was a time when the streets of our major cities were populated by bespoke tailors, shirt makers, tie shops, academic and professional gown makers and shops that would sell every other item of kit that a gentleman might need in town or country.
Now there are all too few such emporia, and of those that are left Ede and Ravenscroft is Scotland's best.

