This is a great little shop for kids to build a bear of their choice.They also get to stuff it and select its clothes.Its also great for kids parties and keeps kids occupied.

If only I knew about this place when I was younger!!
I came here recently with some family friends and their kids, I was told 'this will shut them up for a while'.
Screw the kids, I was the quietest I'd been in months!
They have the most amazing selection of bears, quite literally anything you could possible want, they can make.
I chose a beautiful toffee bear with curly fur.
I then had to choose what sort of heart I would like it to have - yeah, they have a heard!!
You can even get a motor put in so you can listen to its heartbeat.
How friggin cool is that!!
They also offer sounds and music you can record yourself to put in the bear, so when you squeeze it your tune bellows out.
The bear then goes into this machine where they bring it to life - you can choose how soft you want it to be - and then it's all yours!
It's such a brilliant experience, I only hope that the recession hasn't hit this place when I have kids.
the bear cost me £28, but it was thoroughly worth it.

Aaah, build a bear.
Aimed at kids, but secretly, its pretty pleasing for adults too.
Staff are possibly the friendliest, happiest people on earth.
They are always eager to help, or have a chat and a joke - but I guess that type of happiness comes from working with teddybears and children all day.
There are a huge amount of bears to choose here - everything from traditional bears to girraffes and everything inbetween, and also some cartoon characters such as Hello Kitty etc.
Once you choose your bear you can choose to put a heart in it (not before making a wish!!
) and then the fun bit - a bit, whirling, tumbling machine full of bear guts!
Well, ok - its stuffing for your bear, but they let you fill your bear up and its possibly the most fun thing ever!
Once you have gotten your bear, you have the choice of dressing it in a huge selection of clothing - and I mean a huge selection.
Thankfully, at this point my girlfriend took over and she dressed her bear, but obviously I had done the fun part.
A decent bear with all the trimmings comes to around £30, but I think its worth it - especially as a gift for a child.

Build-a-bear is a great gift shop for children and adults of all ages, who can resist a cuddly teddy bear?
If I'm honest, I'm not that fussed but that's probably due to the fact that my mum loves teddies and has them dotted all over the house.
At Build-a-bear you can create your own bear from scratch, adding your own personal touches along the way, including picking the stuffing, the cuddlyness and you can even put your own voice inside the bear with a recorded voice box.
I find the latter a little creepy.
Once your creation is sewn up you can even choose some clothes for them, I saw the funniest ever scuba diving outfit complete with a snorkel and flippers - hilarious!
Great for gifts, particularly for children but also anyone who likes cuddly toys really.

Despite being responsible for a comically tragic story that happened to a pal of mine a few years ago, I've never really been to enamoured with Build-a-Bear.
They're very good at what they do, but since much of a teddy's charm comes from the fact it's very young owner often seems it as a living, breathing friend, involving them in the manufacturing process just seems a bit weird to me.
It does crack me up though that you can select the creature's cuddliness, and the range of styles, outfits and accessories for your choice is almost mind-boggling.
I must agree with Eleanor about putting your own voice in the bear though.
That's horror movie territory.

This place is heaving during the merry season.
However, I can see why the kids love it.
As the name suggests, you can build your bear from scratch.
This is great for those of us who aren't talented in knitting and crafts (or simply don't have the time) and can be a great individual gift for the big or small kids you may know.

