This outlet is a bit of a random find in the good old St James Centre, which is not exactly a shining beacon of shopping centre beauty, but it has plenty of shops and covers you for most conventional things you might need.
Anyway, back to the shop I'm actually reviewing, Republic stocks both male and female clothing, including girly, fashionable make Miso, plus a range of more casual, sporty gear.
I've recently found it to be a major threat to my bank account, disguised as an innocent shop with items of clothing at reasonable to cheap prices.
One wee, cheap, reasonable thing leads to another, so when I'm here, I usually end up thinking I'm being well behaved by buying a pretty dress at only £20, but then I see a nice top beckoning me over, and then I can't stop, and I'm at the till and the shop assistant is stuffing bags full of garments....then it's all over so quickly, and I'm out of the shop, and it's like nothing ever happened.
This shop is evil, but amazing for my impulse buying needs.

Whenever I'm looking for a new outfit for a night out my first port of call is always Topshop or River Island and I often completely forget about Republic and I'm not sure why as they usually have some really nice items that are reasonably priced.
A few months ago in the Glasgow branch I saw a gorgeous black dress with white lace down the front, they didn't have my size but the girl was helpful and wrote down the code for me so I could try other Republics.
I called another Glasgow branch but the girl wasn't very helpful and even though they had my size she told me that they don't have a policy of putting things aside so by the time I went in my size was sold out again.
After that, I got bored of trying to hunt down the dress and let it slip to the back of my mind but whenever I had a night out I wished it was in my wardrobe.
Last week I was in this branch of Republic and saw the dress again, I was so surprised that it was still in stock and they had my size and it had £5 off!
I couldn't believe it...
I guess it was meant to be and I'm super happy I finally have my paws on the dress!
The staff in this branch are friendly, they have a good range of stock both for guys and girls, everything is very reasonably priced and they often have good sales on too!

Located at the entrance of the quite busy St James Shopping Centre, this store always appears to be overflowing with stock.
In fact the clothes are so tightly packed it gets difficult to have a proper look through stuff.
It's great to have a browse through, and  I realise style is a matter of taste, but after a while all the clothes start to look sort of the same and the big name brands printed far too obviously across many of the clothes can be a bit annoying.
However, as Eleanor M. said it's a great place for finding a piece for an outfit and an alternative to Topshop or H&M.

I'm not really sure what Republic actually offers.
Upon arrival I was blinded by an unbearably fluorescent line of clothing of which seemed to be at a half way house between naff beach gear and utterly chavvy yob-tops, as I like to call them.
An incomprehensible mishmash of high street styles results in a shop I tend to simply avoid.

