Really handy superdrug... always seems to be open!!
(well they close way after i finish work, so its really handy to pop in after)... staff are always really good & very helpful, ive asked many times for them to get things out or find something & it never seems like too much trouble.
They also chat to you a bit at the till if they have time & there is always enough people that seem to be on.... then again it never seems super busy in there.
Layout of the shop is good, easy to find what you want, seems pretty tidy & offers are aways clearly labelled.
so.... why the 2 stars?
because they NEVER have any stock.
Any offer they do have they have always run out of, or any items that are especially popular never seem to get ordered in enough!
i can't tell you the times the poor staff have had to redirect me (& the countless other customers ive heard this been said to as well) to "try the one on princess street".
Whoever is doing the ordering is clearly getting it wrong & needs to have a rethink at what offers are coming out & what is popuar..
It seems like this shop gets forgotten about sometimes.
BUT saying that if you just need to pop in for something non-"new, just out!
" then you will be fine

This took me by surprise!
Now anyone who knows me knows that I like top end places, especially with my lotions and potions.
Now I am also a strict vegetarian, so have been trying to only use products that are not tested on animals or have any non veggie ingredients and that the companies producing them are members of PETA (People for the ethical treatment of animals.
Now that is a big ask and amazingly Superdrug are on this list.
I have been in a few times and I am now using their face wash daily £3.49 a bottle compared with my previous £27 a bottle more expensive brand.
Now I am aware that it doesn't have the plush surroundings or snazzy addresses of its counterparts, I am pleasantly surprised and I have even joined up to their points card.
Well done Superdrug on your good ethics!

