If you're looking for contemporary Scottish design of the highest calibre, then come to Anta.
Selling a range of furniture and linen, from superbly upholstered chairs to plush cushions, Anta puts a modern twist on traditional knits.
Each item is handmade in the Scottish woolen mills, and the love put into making these materials shows in the impeccable quality of the knits.
Their furniture collection is tasteful while also being distinctly of Scottish origin.
They use earthy colours and timeless, accurate tartan patterns in each of their designs.
Each is sourced to its isle or mainland place of origin.
Although it is expensive, anyone interested in interior design with money to spend would be making an investment shopping from here.
Along with selling large items such as couches, they also sell more affordable cushions and chic tartan bags.
Ethical, detailed and independent design at its best, Anta's sincere and unique innovations move Scotland's design forward into the 21st century.
An absolute treasure of a shop!

Anta is a fantastic shop selling the most amazing Scottish fabrics.
Situated in the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh, Anta is just a short walk from the city centre and from the Royal Mile so it is in a handy location for tourists to reach.
Anta sells a huge range of different fabrics, including wool, tweed and linen, in a vast range of designs and so can chose which material you want, and Anta will use it to make curtains or to upholster cushions and chairs.
I love to come into Anta and browse all the different fabrics and look at their rugs and throws which I absolutely adore, they are made of wool and cashmere and they are so soft to touch, although they are really pricey, costing about £200 - but SOO worth it!
Anta also sell a selection of cushions which they have covered themselves in a range of different fabrics which look and feel heavenly.
Clothes are also available here, such as corsets, skirts and the most beautiful scarves and shawls I have seen.
Tweed shoulder and weekend bags are also sold here, which I also really want, and the smaller ones cost £40 which is very reasonable.
When I am older, I want the inside of my house to have all the tartan and tweed products which Anta sell, and I can't wait to shop here when I have more money so I can buy the beautifully soft throws.

Expensive.
But worth it.
Beautiful fabrics, totes, clothes, throws, etc.
Friendly staff.
Definitely worth a trip inside for a look!

