John Lewis is the St James Centre is a great department store, it may not have the style of Harvey Nichols or the history of Jenners, but it somehow manages to tick all the boxes.
It is a bright and airy building, so many department stores are stuffy and badly lit, so this makes a refreshing change.
The staff are always incredibly helpful and I never feel like I'm being forced into a sale, it's more like receiving some advice from an older and wiser friend.
My mum and I came here to shop for her wedding outfit and we made full use of the personal shopper service - for no extra charge you can sit in a comfy private changing room with sofas and newspapers, whilst the shopper runs around the store picking outfits for you.
You can then try on the clothes at your leisure and the personal shopper lady will help you decide what works best.
It really did take the stress out of shopping and made for an enjoyable mother and daughter afternoon out.
I am a big fan of John Lewis and will continue to be for years to come - it represents all that is good in shopping and customer service.

Okay I quite like a browse around John Lewis.
They have some nice, quirky stuff as well as your bog standard department store items.
It has a nicer, brighter feel to it than other department stores and seems to offer better quality and service without being too expensive.
Two things though.
My gran was buying a rug here last week.
She was spending a good few hundred pounds in the process, and ended up having to order it for delivery.
The sales assistant was so rude and unhelpful.
She was clearly on some sort of high horse and seemed to be looking down her very grumpy nose at us.
For what reason, I do not know.
But my gran did not appreciate the poor service and felt when she was spending a rather large amount of money, a little more friendly service would have been appropriate.
However, when we went upstairs and bought towels for £12, the sales assistant couldn't have been more friendly and polite.
Spend a lot: receive poor customer service.
Spend a little: great quality service.
How about great customer service no matter how much you are spending?
Go upstairs to the very top, to The Place to Eat restaurant.
Don't bother with the food it is beyond mediocre.
Fight your way through all the yummy mummy's and their buggies and get yourself a coffee and a cake.
Then sit back and enjoy the views of Edinburgh.
The most fantastic view awaits and on a clear day you can see all the way down Leith and across the Forth.
If it is too cold or wet to go up Arthur's Seat, then this is the next best thing.

Who doesn't love john lewis?!
Anything and everything you could possibly ever dream of is under one roof.
Ripped jeans!?
Go to the haberdashery section.
Empty wall space?
Go to the arts section.
Hungry?
Go to the cafe!
It has everything!
The one thing I especially like about this Edinburgh branch is the friendliness of the staff.
They will do anything to help you out and the friendly Scottish nature shines through.
They always have great cosmetic deals too - especially at clarins.
Definitely one of the nicer john lewis' I've been in!

John Lewis is definitely one of the St. James' Centre's saving graces.
As a well-known national chain, you know that the quality's going to be good, even if you do have to pay for it.
They have everything from laptops to designer mascara, and everything in between, so it's always a good place to start when you're on the hunt for something obscure.
I've only ever come across staff that are really helpful and polite here, and more than anything they know what they're talking about.
When I went to buy my last ipod i felt like such an old woman, because at the ripe old age of 21 I didn't have a clue what all the different models were... when I'd bought my previous one the only choice had been between silver, pink, blue or black!
Nevertheless the guy who served me was very patient with me (!
) and I ended up coming home with exactly what I'd known i was after, even if I hadn't known the name of it.
What was also nice was that he didn't try to constantly get me to buy a bigger memory size, or the more expensive headphones - i know shop assistants have their up-selling targets but nothing annoys me more.
Why not 5 stars then?
Any of their cafés/brasseries/coffee shops.
If I'm going to queue for ten minutes just to buy a coffee, I'd like to think it's going to be a) hot and b) there'll be a tables to sit at which isn't filthy.
The moral of the story?
Great for shopping, but if you're after refreshment of any sort then head for the nearest Starbucks, or the nearby Valvano and Crolla on Multrees Walk.

When I used to live in Glasgow, I used to enjoy nothing more than a wander round John Lewis especially near the festive season.
I rarely bought anything, but there's just something I still find quite exciting about huge department stores.
Upon finding out Edinburgh's version was in the dark and gloomy St James' Centre, one of the city's most maligned structures, I feared the worst, and first impressions seemed to back this up.
The scabby 80s decor didn't quite fit with the higher end merchandise, and the whole place felt cramped, dark and almost claustrophobic.
After a few minutes though, it became apparent that ropey decor aside, everything was all present and correct, and as a bonus the store turned out to be about 5 times bigger than it first appeared.
You could spend hours wandering around just browsing, as I would have done had I not been due back at work.
Badly designed, but will almost certainly have what you're looking for.

John Lewis, your friend and mine, it's always good for a browse and their good quality products all come with a money back guarantee if there are any faults or problems which is reassuring to know.
I'll usually pop in to browse the make-up department as they have a great selection and the staff are always very knowledgeable about the products giving tips and samples too.
Sometimes the shop assistants can be old sour puss types that can't smile with the amount of premium brand make-up cemented onto their faces but I've rarely had any problems here and find that most of the staff can't do enough to help.

You can't hep but be draw to John Lewis.
I don't know if it's the size of the place or the reputation, it's always busy!!
The staff are soo so friendly and will do anything to help you.
It's such a nice environment, you can't help but be drawn in!

Not a fan of huge department stores but the audio visual department here is great.
'Sound' advice from knowledgeable staff who will recommend a cheaper product if the quality is better.
Have bought a few products including higher end audio and some photographic gear.
Can't really beat the quality.
Would also recommend stopping off in the panoramic cafe on the third floor for a cuppa and a bit of millionaire shortbread!

The best department store chain in the UK ... simple as that

Everyone knows what John Lewis is and what it's all about, so this review if for their wedding/gift registry.
We chose John Lewis for our registry because you can literally get everything here.
Literally.
From soup to nuts, as my mom would say (though...wtf??).
The registry service is good - I phoned up to get all of the "boring paperwork" as the girl called it, out of the way.
A few days later I got a ton of (free) inserts to give people to tell them where we're registered and what the registry number is.
They give you the option of allowing people to donate to charity, which is great, as well as the option to buy gift certificates, and even pay into the honeymoon provided it's booked by a certain company.
The best part of it all (according to The Man) is the voucher for two free coffees/teas and two pastries while you shop.
The sugar and caffeine was definitely needed.
We arrived at the store reasonably early on a Saturday morning, knowing that the place would become pretty hellish by mid-day.
We got all of the relevant instruction, was told which departments could provide us with additional advice regarding table ware, got our little scanner, and headed on our way.
The scanner was a borderline nightmare, not all items could be scanned and had to be keyed in, and not all codes keyed in properly.
Some of the items which should have scanned, didn't, and some items didn't seem to have any scan/code reference at all.
Basically, you just have to go in store to really *see* the things you're registering for, but then you need to polish everything up (and add and subtract items) at home, online.
I have no idea how people did it before the internet, it would have been even more of a nightmare.
It's not John Lewis' fault, though.
They provided the best service they could, but it was just a bit unfortunate that the fun wedding registry afternoon I'd imagined ended with both of us shattered, with something like a dozen items on the list.

I have only started shopping in John Lewis after having a poor experience when I first moved here, so with that memory in mind, it's probably going to be awhile before I bump up the rating.
So, the plus points.
It has everything you need, seriously.
Don't make the mistake of thinking Argos is cheaper for electrical goods as it turned out John Lewis was.
Staff are (mainly) very helpful.
I came here for an espresso machine (it's ok, Dad doesn't use Yelp) and after an online search, it turned out John Lewis was quite a bit cheaper than everyone else in Edinburgh.
It was also handy for my lunch at Cafe Marlayne so the plan was to grab the espresso machine and head to lunch.
John Lewis is madly busy, especially before Christmas but I think the electrical dept is just busy full stop.
I got what I wanted and joined the queue.
Bloody machine weighed a ton and the nice man on the till suggested I collect the machine later to let me carry on with my shopping (ha!
boozy lunch but I was cool with the suggestion).
He gave me directions on where to go and a special ticket with a receipt which I turned up and redeemed at the collection point 4 hours later.
The sales are good though with many proper bargains to be had.
Great cosmetics department with niche and cult beauty brands which can be found in a little section between the counters.
So, I've had good experiences here and also with returning a dress which had shrunk despite following the washing instructions *sniff* but I did have a bad experience when I tried to order furniture and take advantage of John Lewis' free measuring service.
That was just a catalogue of disasters so they are still on the 'must improve' list.

It's a department store, yes.
And a big nationwide one at that.
But you can't really not like John Lewis can you?
Even if it's your ideal of hell to be traipsing through aisle upon aisle of light fittings and cushions and make up counters and gadgets and kitchen appliances.
If this is your ideal of hell, then there is no prettier, cleaner, better organised version of it.
And if it's quite the opposite - a paradise of potential pretty things that you could have and cherish and love for ever and ever - well then, it's paradise with a cherry on top.
Of all the department stores in the city centre of Edinburgh, this one is by far the nicest, in terms of layout, aesthetics, and what there is on offer.
It may also be the priciest, but you go in there knowing that full well.
There's a floor for carpets and gym equipment; then kitchen appliances and gadgets; bedding, curtains, couches, going upwards to clothes.
If I'm honest, the ladies clothes section doesn't interest me.
It's not that great.
But the shoe selection - hello Kurt Geiger!
Handbags and wallets are a-ok, the makeup section isn't what draws me here, but it's there all the same.
The real pull of John Lewis is the HOME WARES!
So many different bedding designs!
Do I want a purple throw to go with my floral bed spread, or should I go lambswool grey for a muted effect?
The bed spreads get me very excited, and I spent an hour here last weekend looking at them and finally choosing some.
The kitchen appliances would make any domestic goddess sing.
And the gadget section is conveniently opposite, so if your other half is inclined to prefer Apple products to apple pie, both of you are happy.
The candles, ornaments, cards, cushions and other pretty things can also occupy a good hour of your time.
John Lewis is a beacon of all that is good and right in buying nice things for yourself, your loved ones and your home.
It seems to cling to traditional values of what makes a house a home (well that's love, isn't it?
); but if there were any department store to love, it would be JL.

John Lewis holds a special place in my heart.
it's one of those great british traditions that despite modernising hasn't lost its charm and elegance from previous decades.
John Lewis is the place that has everything i need, regardless of how obscure it may seem.
a spool of bright pink thread, a yard of ribbon, lace, or fabric, a new dress, an ipod, a new camera, even a door wedge.
literally this store has never failed me and the best part is that it's located in a central part of town that's easy to get to with prices that are affordable and friendly helpful staff that are able to answer pretty much any question you may have.
there are only a few drawbacks that i find to John Lewis.
this place is incredibly crowded on the weekends, especially the cafe, which puts me off going there.
i've almost been run down by a pram on a few occassions when trying to grab a quick lunch in their cafe.
also they shut at 6pm during the week, which means that if i need something from John Lewis i have to make sure i leave work sharp to get their before its closed.
only small things though that don't detract from my overall love for this shop or its all encompassing usefulness and plethora of items.
really, though how could you not love a shop that still has a haberdashery section!

This is a review of the cafe on the 4th floor "the place to eat".
It has great views out over the rooftops and the Forth.
The staff are really helpful and friendly, the portions are very generous and the prices are reasonable.
They were replenishing the scones at 4.30pm when I went to meet a couple of friends and their babies.
The fruit scones were fresh out the oven,, huge, light and very more-ish.
So huge that I didn't need any dinner when I got home.
The banofee tart looked amazing and given how quickly D ate it, it was clearly as tasty as it looked.
There was also a baked chocolate cheesecake on offer which I'll need to go back and try, it looked divine.
If you're in the St James Centre, it's definitely worth a visit for the service, cakes and best of all, the view.

I have just moved into my own place, and a relatively bare (but beautiful) flat.
I was in need of a new shower curtain.
And bath mat.
And kettle.
And toothbrush holder.
And bed sheets.
And duvet.
And... well, lots of things.
John Lewis is like crack.
I went in to pick up my kettle, that I had paid for online for 'call  and collect'.
I bought it at 2pm on Thursday, and it was ready to pick up from 12noon on Friday.
So that in itself was great service.
When going to pick it up, I realised I was near the bath mats.
So I got a bath mat.
But oh wait, there's the Orla Keila ones round the corner.
I'll stand here for 10 minutes comparing two side-by-side.
Ok, so the Orla one is £10 more expensive.
I'll just get the JL own brand.
Oh wait but that hand towel would go beautifully.
Ok I'll get that, since I got the cheaper bath mat.
And I will walk STRAIGHT PAST THE KITCHEN UTENSILS or my credit card will just melt.
Read my previous review for glowing praise of John Lewis.
I am updating as I have been coming here more and more often for things, and realising that it a savior when you have been packing, moving, unpacking and need to head into town (during the Festival season) and buy a few things.
It's a relative oasis of calm; the call and collect service means you're guaranteed to get what you need (you order online, and it'll let you know if its in store the following day to pick up) rather than head down there and realise they're out of stock.
And yeah...when you go to pick that thing up, you end up realising your home is simply NOT COMPLETE without 5 other things.
I think I'll go back tomorrow.

John Lewis is my favourite of all the department stores in Edinburgh..
I have been shopping there since I moved to the city 4 years ago and I see myself continuing to shop there..
Yes, there has been a few times when I've gotten surly service staff and maybe had to wait in line to pay for more than a few minutes.. but for the most part, I have had great service, helpful staff and most importantly...
EXCELLENT prices.
I have found many appliances here for cheaper than Argos.. and for a lot of the year, they offer a price match service, so if you do find it for cheaper elsewhere (apart from auction sites I assume) and can show them on a website or print out, they will match that price for you.
The other thing about buying big ticket items from JL is they offer a 2 year warranty on most of their electrical items whereas most other places you have to pay extra for this.
As yet, I've never had to use this so can't say how good they are at honouring it.
Their haberdashery section is great value for money and actually has one of the largest selection of thread etc.
than most of the fabric shops around town.
Best thing about JL... you can ride the escalator from outside the Omni rather than walk up the hill to get to Princes St!

John Lewis shops are largely similar, but the Edinburgh location is very big and has a lot on offer.
I particularly took note of the great haberdashery department.
The store has a unique floorplan and layout, but this seems to help it offer lots of choices in each department.
A great new addition is the Hotel Chocolate Cocoa Bar - Cafe: such a luscious little treat that's more than a usual coffee/tea shop!

I wasn't looking for clothes.
I was looking for a toilet.
Which John Lewis had and it was very nice.
While wondering I found their cocoa bar where we had a delightful snack and indulged in free wifi.
The staff was friendly and knowledgable.
I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a refuge from the mall crowds.

