I must be spoiled.
This swimming pool probably desrves four stars.
But my point of reference, even though over a thousand miles away, still cannot leave my head...
I miss it so much.
Can one miss a building with a hole full of water and paddling people in it?
The easiness, proximity, size, cleanliness, and the just-right temperature of the water ... Well, by comparison, this tiny swimming pool feels a bit like swimming in a soup bowl.
The water is a bit too warm for my taste and the distance too short - it feels like an exercise in mostly ...turning... Oh well - you spoiled brat ...

This pool, when it existed, was pretty fancy.
I'm not sure what it's status is right now but over a month ago, the whole centre was sealed off because of an accident involving the roof falling into the pool.
A friend of a friend (don't you love these friend of a friend of a friend stories?
) was the one who found himself unfortunately underneath one of bits that fell.
Don't worry, he just vaguely hurt his arm.
Anyway, that is now, but I started going to this pool about 3 years ago (not that I've been going consistently at all).
What I liked about it, and might still like depending on how revamped it looks when it opens up again, is how light it is inside.
Because the roof is just lots of glass, it doesn't ever feel too dark.
Yes, not even in Scotland on a bad day.
At least I vaguely remember there being a glass roof.
Or at least partially so.
What I didn't like about it very much, and probably won't change at all once the revamping happens is that it's tiny and full of children.
See, the fast lane's too fast and the slow lanes too sloppy.
The Warrender Swim Centre is part of the whole Edinburgh Leisure thing.
So, the building itself also has a teensy gym.

This pool forms part of the Edinburgh Leisure group, who pissed me off before I ever had a chance to swim at one of their pools.
You may know that the Royal Commonwealth pool is closed until 2070 or something like that, and it was there I had planned to get my necessary daily exercise (it's literally right next to the student Pollock Halls of Residence).
So that was a fail..  That aside, the Warrender Pool is quite impressive, and it knows so, as you'll find a little boast of the its Victorian design in any literature to do with the pool.
It's about £4 for a single swim pass, but what cracks me up is that they charge you an extra £1.20 if you want to have a shower... capitalism at it's best I say.
However, I shopped around, and decided to join the Virgin Active Gym on Leith Walk, so I could have a little more variety, but if you're solely interested in swimming, they've got a pretty good membership deal.

One of the wonderful things about Edinburgh is that it has all that a city could offer, but feels like a collection of lots of villages (in a good way).
There's not a large city centre with suburbs.
There is simply one or two main streets, with lots of 'neighbourhoods' that are self-contained and sufficient, and have a real community feel to them.
Warrender Swim Centre is the epitome of this to me, in the wee 'village' of Marchmont.
Tucked up a street, not everyone has heard of it, but going inside at 11am on a Tuesday I found it to be pleasantly busy with students, parents and kids and OAPs.
No city slickers, no Olympic athletes.
Just a nice mix of people looking for a morning swim, a spot of exercise, some socialising.
And every time I've been back it feels that way.
It reminds me of the Community Centre in the (literal) village I grew up in.
Although obviously with a pool.
And gym.
It has great opening hours.
I'm already a member of another gym (*coughEdinburghUniversitycough*) whose pool is only open to the public three hours a day, one hour at a time, with busy waiting times for lanes.
Pft.
Warrender is pretty much 8 - 6pm with one or two hours a day closed for pool maintenance, schools, or disability swimming.
But it's open the rest of the time, £4 a pop without membership, £25 for a month's unlimited access.
There's a wee sauna (it is quite wee, but does the trick) and a gym with all the essentials.
I really like it.
By no means would I say to someone living in Leith that is the *the* best swimming pool in the city and they should transfer over directly.
It's just a really nice, moderately sized, local community pool.
So if you live in the Marchmont, or even Bruntsfield, area it's ideal.
And I'd highly recommend it.

I'm upgrading Warrender from 4 starts to 5 after a recent visit to the Commonwealth Pool.
Where, I discovered, they have no sauna!
SHORROR!
(A mix of shock and horror in one, it saves time).
So Warrender is a neighbourhood, community pool.
It's quite short (half the length of the Commonwealth I think).
But I'm not coming here because I'm training for any race or endurance swim (hahahahaha).
I come here for down time, to relax, for a leisurely half hour swim in which I do the head-above-the-water version of the breast stroke.
And then want to relax for 10 minutes in the sauna after.
And for that, Warrender is perfect.
It has one slow lane, one fast lane and the rest of the pool is open.
Their timetable does vary day-on-day for open access.
On a Saturday morning it's closed to general public until 10.30am as before that it's lessons and kids' hour.
I only found this out at 10am when I arrived ready to swim, and had to wait half an hour.
I was surrounded by babies in the watching area, who were all adorable, and then later on surrounded by half-damp over-excited children.
But as soon as 10.30am came all the children left, and I was alone (for the most part) to relax and bob along.
One wee thing to note: you do now need to pay seperately for the sauna.
It's £1 for the band to get into the sauna.
On top of the £4.95 one-off swimming price, it can add up.
But it's a once-a-week treat for me.
So Warrender, thank you for bringing the gorgeous warmth of a sauna in the midst of a Scottish winter closer to home.

This review is really for the gym, although the pool is lovely too - I love the changing rooms round the side, and the glass roof.
But - to the gym!
I've just moved and needed to find somewhere to replace Leith Vic.
After a brief foray to the Commonwealth Pool, where I was daunted by all the gigantic body-buildery types, i tried Warrender.
And it's perfect.
It's a really attractive gym, with everything I need.
The cardio room looks out on the street (and lets me keep an eye on my bike locked out the front), then there's a machine and free weights area, and finally my favourite bit - a mats/ kettlebell/ suspension training area.
That's in what was the Turkish steam room, so it's a cosy little spot with a lovely, complex arched ceiling to look up at.
Get your trainers on and get over there - see you on the treadmills!

