Newington is certainly not short of hairdressers.
There are a number of salons, particularly along the main thoroughfare of South Clerk Street / Clerk Street / Nicholson Street.
There are a few barbers dotted around, and Bailey's Barber Shop is, in my opinion, a cut above the rest.
I first discovered Bailey's in the first year of my degree, while I was living in the Newington area of town.
They quickly established themselves as my barber of choice.
There was rarely a wait for a haircut, and I often went by on my way into lectures.
The barbers themselves were chatty, and always gave me the haircut that I wanted.
This, combined with the ideal location, meant that I continued to come back here for the first couple of years of my degree before I moved to the other side of town.
Prices are reasonable, with a student discount available.
For someone like me, whose hair grows at a fair rate, using a salon would not be cost-effective.
Bailey's Barber Shop provided me with a great haircut each time, and I would highly recommend them.

Getting a cheap haircut can prove a surprisingly horrendous ordeal for the gentleman sporting a casual fringe... With seemingly hundreds to choose from in Newington, it can be a bit hit or miss when you decide it is time to get the mop back under control.
After a harrowing experience at the hands of one hairdresser located further Nicholson Street, I decided to give Bailey's a try after my flatmate appeared sporting a buzz cut that suited him.
I entered with the usual fear surmounting within.
After a short wait, I was invited to the embrace of the formidable black chair and asked what I wanted.
The barber clearly sensed my doubt, and kindly  suggested a length of cut he thought would look good.
I agreed and was pleasantly surprised with the result.
The service was great, avoiding the horrible small talk that usually occurs, the barber simply got on with the job and I was out of there within 10 minutes.
Job done.
The price, although not the cheapest I've, was very reasonable at £7 for a student cut.
I certainly will return when the hair starts encroaching on my vision yet again...

I'm usually terrified of visiting a new barber but I was in a foreign country and my hair was getting out of control.
The answer to permanent bed-head came after noticing one of my peers was rocking a great new cut.
I followed him down the street to Bailey's and felt a bit more comfortable once I saw the great prices (ask for the student discount!
) and the caged bird singing away.
The barber was mostly quiet, a trait I look for, but did fast and excellent work.
If you are unsure of where to get a haircut, look no further.

