If you go to Edinburgh and you want to eat Indian, you go here.
The food is so, so much better than Indian food you can get in America (and also so so much better than any other Indian place I ate in Edinburgh--or London!).
The servers are hilarious, especially the main guy, who always teased me about my orders and knew my name AND culinary preferences by the second time I'd even been to the restaurant.
If I lived in this city, you'd bet I'd be eating here weekly (if not nightly...)

Gur Balti is an amazing Indian restaurant on Dundee Terrace which consistently offers delicious food and great service at reasonable prices.
I've been here twice with some friends and both times we've gone away more than satisfied with the whole experience.
They pride themselves on serving some of the best Indian food in the city and each dish is presented immaculately.
The menu has loads to choose from and the last time I was in I went for the Balti Chicken Passanda.
It seemed to take no time to arrive and tasted creamy with a great range of flavours.
All the meat which they use is of the highest quality and you can definitely taste the difference in all their meat dishes.
We all spent no more than £15 each, including drinks, rice and tips, and we'll hopefully be back sometime soon.

My flatmates and I have tried various Indian takeaways but we always seem to back to the Guru because their food is simply amazing.
Balti as good as it gets.
And the naan breads are giant.
It may not be the cheapest place for a takeaway but totally worth every penny!
I have not eaten in the restaurant so cannot comment on the service.

We've been to the Guru a few times but since it's new refurbishment I can only say things have only got better.
The food has always been great here as the other reviewers remark but it kind of lacked on the decor before...I was pleasantly surprised on our latest visit.
A clean fresh modern look brings it bang up to date and the atmosphere is great.
We went on a Friday night and managed to get a table but had to wait for a while before one was available so best to book in advance.
I had a mixed kebab to start which was really tasty, you could taste the barbecue flavour from the clay oven, the waiter recommended the Guru special sauce instead of the regular sauce and it was amazing, although not for the faint of heart as it is really spicy but added another dimension of flavour to the dish.
I went for a chicken karahi main and we shared a garlic naan together.
If you want authentic naan bread this is the only place in Edinburgh I've been too that serve naan just like India, I mean they are massive but they are thin perfectly cooked without the normal doughy bits you get in other places.
The karahi was excellent although way too much for me!
Service is great, relaxed and friendly just the way I like it, if you want Indian in Edinburgh goto the Guru.
I am of Indian heritage myself so for me this place serves the best authentic Indian in Edinburgh.

I have been to the Guru Balti a few times, over several years.
It can be summed up as offering good quality meat and above average curry, though the hotter dishes tend to lack that real zing of back end heat.
They have some of the best and biggest naan bread though their rice doesn't particularly stand out.
The restaurant tends to be fairly quiet through the week, making it a good choice for post cinema eating if you happen to be at the nearby Cineworld.
Guru is a good choice for an Indian meal and if you live in the area it should probably be your Indian restaurant of choice.

