If you want to do your bit for your neighbourhood, forget about Blockbuster and other such DVD chains.
Vogue Video may be small, but it's mighty.
In a time of movie piracy and big chains I am surprised and relieved that this place has survived and thrived.
My friends and I usually  come here for our movie needs and it's up to date with what's out and popular, and the staff has always been friendly and quite chatty.
Unlike their large competitor up the street they won't spent an age tapping away on the computer so you can get your movie.
The only thing I can hold against it is it's early closing time in winter.
But the selection is great, at affordable prices as well.
Be warned though it's not all in alphabetical order so don't be shy to ask if you can't find what you are after!

I you want to buck the trend and rent your video's from a local store instead of the Blockbuster across the road, Vogue Video is the place to go.
Although it is relatively small inside, the shop boasts a vast selection of movies and they are always advertises the latest releases in their window.
The video's are cheap, costing £1.50 to rent a night, and are of excellent quality - I have never rented a video from here which has been fuzzy or jumpy.
The owner is incredibly friendly and the customer service is excellent with the staff always willing to help you find a DVD or advise on which films you are most likely to enjoy.
The only reason why I haven't given Vogue Video five stars is because they only rent videos to the Newington area, so you probably won't be able to rent a movie from here if you live in Morningside or Leith which is a shame as it is a great alternative to the corporate giants of film renting..

Before proceeding, I wish to say that I am  heavy user of Blockbuster located further up the same street that Vogue Video is found on.
However, Vogue Video certainly offers a viable alternative.
The shop appears small from the outside, yet upon entering you find yourself immersed  in a surprisingly large range of films.
I was truly impressed by the variety carefully organised all around me, especially by the quantity of titles from world cinema present.
Furthermore, the organisation seems a step above that of Blockbuster, allowing the staff to find any requests you may have much more quickly and efficiently.
I guess the main point for me is the price.
At £1.50 per DVD per night, the price is certainly good value for those who occasionally fancy a film.
However, for a heavy film watcher such as myself, having the option of five older films for a week from Blockbuster for only a fiver trumps it.
Yet for new releases, Vogue Video offers much more value for money than Blockbuster.
Overall, an excellent choice for the occasional film watcher, yet heavy users may find it a tad pricey.

With Blockbusters just up the road, Vogue Video does a good job of staying open.
Considering even the former has a hard time not going bust considering the competition from online firms like Lovefilm and the increasing habit of downloading films from the internet.
It's good to see people supporting an independent store like this.
Vogue Video does a good job though.
As has been mentioned by others, there is a good selection despite its apparent size.
When I browsed there seemed to unexpectedly be a decent selection of world cinema, which always appeals to me.
Furthermore the shop has a nice feel and the staff were perfectly friendly.
Beyond this Vogue Video didn't seem particularly unique.
I do feel, given the aforementioned difficulties, that its hard to part with £1.50 for a film for one night.
If I had more money I probably wouldn't mind this, but as a student I find it hard to be parting with cash so readily.
I suppose this will be an ongoing problem for stores like this.

Vogue Video does well to do so much business when there is a Blockbusters right across the road from it.
A lot of locals support this place due its friendly owner and comforting environment.
It's not quite as well organised as some other video rental shops, but it makes up for this by its range and quality of films.
They have a great selection of contemporary as well as classic films, all of which are of excellent quality.
Many are also deluxe editions which not only give you the main feature, but also behind the scenes documentaries.
For genuine film lovers this is definitely the place to go for great service and interesting films.

In a world where even the best rental chain stores are going slowly down, Vogue Video is doing a great job at not only staying open, but offering great video rental services.
I should really stop saying "video" - it's all DVD's these days, eh?
For a very reasonable price you can rent out DVD's per night - think it's under two pounds per evening to do so.
There are heaps of movies to choose from in here, and although you have to occasionally root through loads of movies to find what you want, that's part of the fun.
Big entertainment stores have become too clinical, and often don't  have much more to offer than (expensive) new releases.
Vogue Video, on the other hand, has a ton of choice and really friendly customer service to boot.
I wish more rental stores existed like this - maybe the personalised service that Vogue Video offers would save against the likes of video piracy.

I prefer this place to the Blockbuster around the corner.
The selection is just as good, it is a hell of a lot cheaper and the owner is a really nice guy with a good sense of humour.
It made me chuckle to see that he has added a photo of his own face onto a cardboard cutout of Bruce Willis in Die Hard 4.
He is really helpful and shows you exactly where the films are you want (no mean feat) and gives you recommendations to other similar movies.
The selection is extensive; for a little store it is impressive.
They have all the major genres (horror / drama / comedy etc) with a good breadth of films in each one.
Although some are a bit dubious, the store generally has the classics, especially cult ones (like Twelve Monkeys) that are almost impossible to find in Blockbuster.
They also have boxsets of series like Scrubs and the Sopranos.
The prices are cheaper than Blockbuster as well, and also the DVDs are properly cleaned, and not scratched.
If you, like me, are fed up of having to take a DVD back because it is unwatchable then come here, you'll be pleasantly surprised.

Long live Vogue Video!
Huge, excellent selection of films from Scottish independent & foreign art house gems, to ubiquitous blockbusters.
Growing selection of Blu-Ray titles too.
At £1.50 a night for everything I would much rather support this local institution than download my films (by whatever means)

Great dvd rental shop.
The prices are good and the choice is also very reasonable.
They have all the new releases and many older titles.
The owner is also a very nice guy and very knowledgable about movies - which definitely helps.

