Jonathan Avery Homestore describes itself as "Just as cool, since 1993".
While you may think it is stating its claim at being down with the kids, I've got to say I agree.
I don't know exactly how cool they were in 93 since I was 7, and preoccupied with Polly Pocket and The Lion King.
But what I can declare is that it is a very cool store with a huge variety of stock!
It's quite a large shop, partitioned off into rooms.
While one is dedicated to beautiful crockery, fun and modern utensils for the kitchen and funky aprons, the next is dedicated to cushions and frills.
All over the store it's got that contemporary edge, but their modern yet retro style is exciting if you're decorating.
I've reached the age where I am excited at homewares (in fact I think I've always been at that stage) so I enjoyed their minimalist furniture, not to mention the slightly more whimsical offerings, such as fabric to design your own patchwork quilt.
Don't be deterred if you're just stopping by for a present - they have tons of little oddities that would make kick ass gifts.
I really liked their fold up postcards of New York and Tokyo - made me want to go away just to send them!
And they had origami robot kits which is a first.
I definitely dig Jonathan Avery's style.
It's a bit more expensive than your Ikeas, but heaps of quality and love have gone into making the store as hip as it is.
I can't believe I just used the word "hip" in a sentence - I sound like an aged uncle trying to be cool.
Maybe Jonathan Avery could give me some lessons in that department - it's awesome.

It's extremely unfair the power the colour pink has over me, and as always it drew me into this home décor shop.
My friends and I had just got a new flat, so I was curious to see if I could find anything to jazz it up here.
However, after five minutes perusing the shelves, I realized it is no Ikea!
A lot of their products are hand made, like some of the crockery and quilts I saw in there, and though they've just recently downsized from doing a lot of furniture (which is hand made as well!
) the store's still brimming with just about everything you'd ever think to put in your home; kitchen utensils, bedding, artwork, jewelry, soaps and lotions, baby clothes (I thought the baby jam, which was basically a baby outfit packed into a jam jar, was hilarious).
So one can see why it's a little bit pricey.
I was lucky enough to meet a lady who actually makes a lot of the stuff herself, especially the quilts.
She's also got a blog, www.bearpawandbearpaw.blogspot.com (how quaint!
) which simply appeals to the inner little girl in me.
I'm hoping for a group flat trip there when everyone's back in Edinburgh, even if all we get is one of those huge, vintage looking clocks on their walls!

Jonathan Avery... or Jonathan Ovary as I like to call it, is a very sweet little gift store stocking a whole bunch of gift ideas for friends, family or if you just want to treat yourself.
My favourite things here are the little Volkswagen hippy vans that you can get in tin or cushion form... so cute!
I have a love of all things Volkswagen for two reasons;  1) Because I love all things German.
2) I just bought my first car; Betty and she's a little Volkswagen and is cute as a button.
Anyway, I digress...
They don't just have VW cuties they also have quirky notepads with gorgeous prints on them, cool cat bins in various colours and prints, scarves, bags, cushions and various ornaments for around the house.
The staff in here are very friendly, the shop is beautifully organised making it very inviting and there's something for everyone, give it a whirl!

Just like Eleanor, I share a love for all things Teutonic.
Organisation, good public transport, currywurst and standing up at football matches are just a few of the things they've currently got nailed, and in Volkswagon they also have one of the most solid, dependable, and popular car brands to go with it.
The prominence of little toy camper vans in Jonathon Avery suggets the staff here all also impressed by precision engineering, "Volksophiles" perhaps.
Mind you, I've never quite been the happy-clapping camper type, even though my hairs certainly long enough.
Anyway, if it's ornamental hippy vans you're after, or just ornamental anything really, then this is your place.

