Yay for afternoon tea!
On a snow threatening and bitterly cold day, it was time to head to the Royal Overseas League, a private members club between Accessorise and  the Swarvovski shop on Princes Street.
My friend had a voucher for afternoon tea for two to use.
It was also able to cater for gluten free which meant I would be happy.
On entering we were able to grab a window seat and we were fortunate as the room filled up rapidly.
We were offered a choice of tea or coffee and there were a variety of teas on offer so just ask.
We went for our respective teas, grabbed some photo's of the view (castle view if you are by the windown) and chatted till our goodies came.
Our cake stand came - it was a lovely slate tiered stand, with two tiers of cakes (one gluten free including macaroon, brownie, flapjack and bibi's cup cake) and one normal (shortbread bites, scone with butter, jam and clotted cream, little choix pastry bites, fruit, fruit tart).
Our sandwiches were positioned on opposite ends of the slate with normal including white and brown bread fingers of salmon and cream cheese, cheese with onion relish, ham and relish and the gluten free option on gf brown with the only difference being salmon and no cream cheese.
I have to admit, it was a tasty treat.
The sandwiches went down well - gf bread can be lousy but for sandwiches I found them lovely (and I'm still trying to guess what brand this is).
We were able to get fresh pots of tea when requested and then after polishing off our sandwiches, we started on the cakes.
I couldn't finish all the cakes despite a pretty decent attempt at trying.
The macaroon was fab - lovely but sticky and chewy at the same time and the cupcake I recognised from Bibi's - I'm glad it was a vanilla sparkles cupcake day :-)  We both thought this was lovely and if there was a voucher deal again - I'd definitely be buying if I fancied a weekend treat.
Staff were lovely and friendly, but to be honest apart from requesting more tea, we were pefectly happy chatting and stuffing our faces.

I came here for a birthday, where we had booked a private room overlooking the castle.
It was £24 for 2 courses (alcohol not included).
The menu sounded promising: the results a little more than disappointing.
The cod starter was fine, the venison main was basically a stew that had hardly any venison in it, and tasted like it had been made with Bisto.
It would have worked out at about £18 for the main and £6 for the starter - which was completely over priced, both for the quantity and quality of food.
The staff were patchy -- some were lovely, others seem harrassed and annoyed any time you stopped them to ask for anything.
The table was also too wide to allow natural conversation to flow across the table.
I had lovely company for the evening, but it did mean only talking to the two people on either side of you for the duration of the night, rather than mingle a bit more.
Narrow table would have been good to allow cross-table conversation too.
A few smiles and waves were given!
It was a nice venue, good view of the castle, but the food wasn't just forgettable - it was disappointing and felt like a waste of my money.
I wouldn't book it myself for a private event.

