Swanky Food, Swanky Place, Swampy Prices.
That's not a slur against this place by any means.
It's just very rare that you get this quality of food for this low a price.
I had heard about this place from my friends who wouldn't shut up about it.
I heard it was cheap for this part of town, but this is really cheap.
£12.50 for 2 courses.
The portion of my Thai Fish Cakes was huge that I barely had any room for my Venison Stew strange as hell, but it works).
Deserts were slightly pricey but you'll be so full you won't be able to manage.

Sweet Melinda's is certainly not the place to come if you're looking for a cheap bite for lunch as it has a fixed menu for £12.50 which provides two courses.
I came here after an exam with some mates and the food was excellent and filling, but from a student's perspective the cost was pretty painful.
Nonetheless, the interior decor is pleasant and the service is excellent with friendly staff who are quick to serve your food after you order.
The menu is short but has a range of excellent produce and all it looks and tastes amazing.
I went for the smoked mackerel pate starter and the pigeon with turnips and a red wine sauce for my main.
Both were served in generous portions and tasted great.
I would come here again, but preferably with the rents to save a bit of money!

I've been to Sweet Melindas twice, and both times for special occasions.
The first time, my flatmate and I pretended we were married and had continuously loud lover's tiffs.
The second time was yesterday and it could've easily been the subject of a 30 minute long sitcom.
I graduated yesterday (Yay!
This is information you don't need, by the way) so, my family decided to take me out to dinner with my flatmate's family and my friend's family.
It was, in few words: large loud Brazilian family meets Indian family meets Indian family from London.
In small Scottish restaurant.
The possibilities for disaster were infinite.
Our whole table could have spontaneously combusted, for all I cared.
But, everything went smoothly.
My family were even effusive about the food.
And we didn't even break glasses our knock people unconscious with empty wine bottles.
Sweet Melindas specialises in sea food, and they use mainly local organic produce.
This bad vegetarian loves fish.
So Sweet Melindas is heaven for me.
A 2 course meal is set at the fixed price of 22.50.
As a starter I got squid, chilli, coriander and garlic salad.
The main blew my head off, it was so good.
It was also a learning experience.
You might be more knowledgeable than I am, but I had no idea what samphire was.
Now, I know people call it the asparagus of the sea.
So, my main was steamed halibut with fresh crab and samphire.
And oh my god.
The halibut just melted in my mouth.
It was buttery and lemony and all good things wrapped in a bite.
On my first excursion to Sweet Melindas we shared dessert and it was by far the best sticky toffee pudding I've ever had in my life.
It had dates and walnuts in it, you see.
I think that's the secret ingredient.
The second time, we were all fat and happy, so we decided not to push our luck.
The waiters were smiley and patient with us.
And they knew what samphire was!
I hear the red meat dishes were also very good, but I'd say stick to the fish.
They get it from a fishmongers next door called Eddie's that specialises in local produce.
Sweet Melindas is kinda pricey but worth every single penny.
Go on a special occasion, when you're feeling lavish.

This is one of those places that every foodie and wannabe foodie raves about, so I decided it was about time to go and check it out for myself.
Although the offer a whole load of different things on the menu, they focus on seafood and game which was right up my street, and with it being more or less next door to Eddie's (one of the best fishmongers in Edinburgh) you can bet that they're using top quality ingredients.
I had the squid salad with coriander, lime and chilli for starter, and even though I'm not a huge fan of coriander I am a massive fan of squid, so I couldn't help ordering it and I wasn't disappointed.
My main course was even better; the wild garlic pesto that came with my halibut was the best pesto I've ever tasted.
Why only four stars then?
It's a bit on the pricey side.
Although the food was gorgeous and the service was excellent, you do pay for the privilege.

Sweet Melinda's is an excellent restaurant right in the centre of Marchmont.
Unsurprisingly for a place found right next to Eddie's Seafood market, Sweet Melinda's specialises in seafood (with a few meat dishes hanging about as well).
It's up there with Fisher's as one of the best fish restaurants around.
When we went there, I had the Thai fish cakes to start, which were absolutely beautiful.
Brilliantly seasoned and coming with a nice little sweet chilli dip, they were really well cooked.
The main as well was excellent, I had the grilled Sea Bass with king prawns, chorizo and tomato.
It was awesome.
The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is the price.
I know the food is excellent, but £22 squid for 2 courses is quite a lot by my book.
If you're prepared to spend that much though, then this is definitely one of the best fish restaurants in Edinburgh.

You know when you go on holiday to an exotic European city and you want to find the perfect restaurant off the beaten tourist-trail - an authentic neighbourhood, hidden up a tiny alley, best-food-in-the-City type places?
Whilst Edinburgh is already full of amazing eateries and luckily is scarce in the Promenade / Plaza aforementioned types, finding Sweet Melinda's felt like I'd unearthed one of the Old Town's best kept secrets.
Nestled in Marchmont in the innocuous spot between the fishmongers and fruit shops, and literally hidden behind a huge draping red curtain is the most wonderful wee restaurant, serving exquisite meals, that is both fine dining due to quality of food but also homely and friendly complete with creaky floorboards.
It feels like eating in an old-fashioned dining room or a Parisian basement restaurant that was founded circa 1940s and hasn't changed much since (more to its benefit), and you half expect a man with an accordion to emerge from the waiting area to serenade you, and then once you've finished your meal to step out out of the restaurant onto the banks of the Seine.
A fish restaurant, there are also meat options, and everything is just wonderful.There were 5 in our party, and whilst we were told that we would only have the table from 7 - 9pm that wasn't a huge problem.
We did overstay by about 15 minutes, as we were enjoying the cheese so much, but the staff were ever courteous and attentive, and apologetic.
It's August in Edinburgh, we completely understood and weren't put out.
The menu is a set two courses at £22.
Whilst I appreciate that not everyone is willing to pay for two courses, I would say for the quality of the food it's good value.
Despite there being 5 in our party, we all ended up ordering very similar meals.
All of us had the squid salad to start, and there were 3 rack of lambs with sweet potato mash and black pudding, and 2 sea bass fillets.
The lime and coriander dressing on the salad was beautiful, and there was a moderate portion of squid.
But the rack of lamb.
Oh my.
I requested mine medium-rare but was told by the waiter this wasn't a problem as it's all served that way.
And medium rare it certainly was.
The black pudding was far too moreish, and the whole meal just cooked beautifully.
(Check out the photos).
The cheese board to finish, along with our port and whisky, was a wonderful way to wind up the meal.
The dark chocolate truffle, evidently home-made,served with the coffees was, dare I say, orgasmic.
I love the red, draping curtain concealing the entrance to the restaurant.
And the curious antique photos and pictures on the wall.
And the creaky floor boards.
And the friendly staff.
And the food.
And the fact this is a real neighbourhood restaurant in Marchmont that is focusing on doing what it does best.
The fact that it's a fish restaurant and I didn't have fish as my main means I simply need to go back... just have to find the occasion!

Food was excellent and the service was impeccable.
I had sole with risotto.
The sole was light and delicate and the risotto was perfectly creamy.
The pear and goat cheese salad was delicious.
My husband also enjoyed his sea bass.
A nice touch is the vegetables (broccoli, potatoes and carrots) included with the meal.

How complicated is it to find Roseneath Place in Edinburgh?
It's written in teeny tiny letters under WARRENDER PARK ROAD.
There you go, I've removed all the mystery there.
Sweet Melinda's...
I've been dying to visit you.
It was the Silent Reviewer's birthday, and I was set with the task of somewhere nice, not fancy.
I felt under pressure.
I wanted Mark Greenaway, but that would be definitely termed as fancy.
Pizza, although the Silent Reviewers' favourite, wouldn't cut the mustard.
What was a girl to do?
Well, Sweet Melindas saved the day - a fish restaurant (the Silent Reviewer loves fish) that is low key but delivers cracking meals?
I think this one might be onto a winner!
And it was, we had the Christmas menu to celebrate the SR's birthday - starting with warm soda bread and olive chickpea tapenade.
As there were a number of us we were able to taste a wide variety of dishes - the tomato, star anise and squash soup went down a storm, as did the the steamed mussels.
Crab tart was creamy goodness, the SR felt a little wanting with the gravadlax, but I think that was more jealousy seeing other plates arrive (especially the insanely large pile of mussels).
Main courses arrived - got to admit, felt that the flavours of the sea bream and bass in an asian-fused soy and ginger marinade was lacking.
However, the pheasant generated sounds out of the SR's mother I wasn't expecting... and the SR loved his roast cod.
By the end, we were too full for desserts, but left feeling pretty happy with our lot.
Sweet Melinda, you wooed me, the SR and the in-laws.
Can't say anything more than that.

4.5 stars.
I have been to Sweet Melinda's three times now.
Superb each time.
Local, fresh ingredients, new menu each day, romantic space in Marchmont, near The Meadows.
Will return again and again!
It's a highlight for me every time I go to Edinburgh.

After a gap of some 10 years I returned to Sweet Melindas for a birthday celebration.
My last visit was something I remember, with the restaurant establishing itself in  my memory as a small, intimate local restaurant with a commitment to good fresh ingredients and excellent service.
On returning we found the place looking good, a bit cramped (as expected) and conscious of disturbing diners near the door as we all arrived.
Sitting down we found an interesting menu and wine list.
One reservation is the thought that one or two of the dishes had just one or two too many tastes going on - so Atlantic mackerel with king prawn, ginger etc and creme fraiche.
Still, some great seafood and game.
Service was attentive, food and wine came in a very reasonable time.
On arriving it was very good, not absolutely brilliant but very good esp for the price.
Favourite starters were squid and sardines.
Favourite mains were pheasant wrapped in pancetta, baked cod on a tallegio risotto.
Favourite puddings was the crumble.
4 bottles of wine and a 1/2 bottle of desert wine.
All in £310 for 7 of us.

A wee place, filled with all you need for a great meal.
Sweet Melinda's was just a few steps away from my usual route to reach the Meadows and the city centre.
Walking along Lauder Road, then turning to the left and then to the right, leaving the Argyle Bar on the other side of the street.
But I usually was in the area too early in the morning or too late at night, so I decided to take a bus to come back in Roseneath St at the right time for lunch (well...I made the same one day earlier, but it was a Monday, a perfect timing in the wrong day...).
The venue is just as described by Jenny L. in her review: nicely decadent and very cosy.
The waiter was maybe more welcoming than friendly, but quite attentive.
As a starter I had a huge plate of Mussels, steamed with shallot and garlic.
An harmonious mix of flavours with the most delicious mussels I've had in the last years.
Then I went for the Roast Cod with gnocchi and chorizo that was a very unusual mix.
It was like eating two different dishes in the same plate.
The tender cod faced by the thick pieces of chorizo, with gnocchi and tomato being taken in-between.
Very funny and very good.
I was so delighted that asked for the pudding menu.
The Valrhona Chocolate and Amaretti Torte was a perfect finish for my last lunch in Scotland.

Disappointed after reading such great reviews!
However, we did find out that Sweet Melindas is under new management and they have a new chef!
The quality of the food is quite good but very limited menu.
I wish i had experienced this restaurant before it changed ownership.
The ambience of the restaurant is nice but the waiter service was really not  very good at all.
Now i like my puddings and i will always manage to choose a dessert but i was so underwhelmed with the choice that i gave it a miss - first ever!
I couldn't help feeling that on the very odd occasion that myself and my husband get to have a meal together was rather ruined by a bad experience at this restaurant!
I won't be going again!

I can't review the food, only the service - because they just called to say they failed to write down my booking, and so I have no table after all for this Saturday.
For a celebration dinner, right in the middle of the festival, when everything else will be full.
Aargh!
they were very apologetic but still, am completely fuming!
If you book with Sweet Melinda's, make sure they flipping well write it down!

