This was bookstore priority #1 on my last trip to Edinburgh (I always try to visit 2-3 bookstores when I go to a major city), and it did not disappoint.
Although the prices were £1-2 more than I find reasonable, there were some real treasures that I could not pass up.
I bought two 1940's Winnie the Pooh paperbacks for my nephew, which was plenty cool for one trip.
But then I found the greatest antique book mother lode of my life--an 1890/92/94 edition of Longfellow's translation of the Divine Comedy.
I had recently read a book about HWL's translation and bought a modern paperback of his Inferno, but there is no Purgatorio or Paradiso in print.
Those three little volumes, in good condition, cost me a mere £25.
I was simply ecstatic to find them, and for such a bargain.
The store has plenty of recent fiction and non-fiction books, in addition to their antique section.
It's rather a large store compared to most that I've seen in Britain; it occupies two storefronts.
I lingered for a while over a couple of Robert Louis Stevensons but ultimately decided to see a better price elsewhere (but I never did buy those RLS while I was in Scotland).

One of the most unique bookshops I have been to in the City, I love coming here on a free afternoon and browsing around.
Be warned price tags are high, but you will find some one-off finds here that you would be hard to find elsewhere, including old or first editions of books.
The layout is so welcoming and the staff so friendly as well, making it an  ideal atmosphere to browse around.
Check out their funky web page or follow their tweets- who said that bookshops are being replaced by the Internet- Port Books is here to stay.

I'd have to say that, hands down, this is one of my favourite book shops in Edinburgh.
I don't go there half as often as I should because I don't walk through that area unless I'm going to the Farmer's Market (which is, sadly, only once a week).
The last time I went there, I hurried through, as I was just picking up a book to read in the Meadows (Jean Rhys' Sargasso Sea, which is amazing), but you can easily spend a few hours leafing through all the beautiful books.
They have a huge price range, from cheap second-hand books to precious first editions.
I once saw the most beautiful edition of Peter Pan, but didn't have near enough money to buy it.
I think I was so shocked that I've completely forgotten the price.
If you're a secondhand bookshop aficionado and you decide to miss out on this place, I assure you that you will regret it.
So don't.

This is probably one of Edinburgh's best bookshop due to the range and quality of all the books which they stock.
They offer a huge range of fiction as well as non-fiction and most of them are authoritative texts which academic introductions.
These sorts of texts aren't for everyone, but they're just what you need if you're studying the given material and need some insight into it.
The shop is well laid out with designated sections and a clean and ordered feel to it.
The owner is friendly and offers a helping hand to you no matter wat it is you're after.
One of the unique features of this place is that it stocks first editions of classic texts which are all in excfeptional condition.
If it's your sort of thing then this is the place to come.

Edinburgh Books is one of my favourite bookstores in Edinburgh.
It is a little gem of a shop which is an absolute must to visit.
Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Edinburgh Books is just a short walk from the city centre and it is also really close to the main University campus, George Square and so it is a convenient place to reach.
This store stocks a huge range of second hand and antique books which cover a vast selection of diverse categories.
I love to come here and browse the shelves, and I remember how surprised I was when I first came here and I realised that as well as the main shop floor, there are stairs down to a basement which has 4 more rooms.
The categories of books which Edinburgh Books stock include fiction, Scottish history, Military and languages.
Despite all the books being either second hand or antique, most of them are in excellent quality and you could easily be mistaken for thinking they were brand new.
Sheet music is also available here too.
I was quite surprised at the prices of the books here however, as I just assumed they would be dramatically cheaper than buying them on the High Street, but the books were still pretty pricey.
You would be hard pushed to find a wider selection of books of Edinburgh, Edinburgh Books is definitely worth a visit.

This really is a good bookshop.
You walk in and find all the wall of all the rooms covered in bookcases which are in turn full of books.
However, despite offering such an expansive range and volume of books, everything has been sorted and organised so as to make it as easy as possible for you to find whatever it is you are looking out for.
As for the range, I should probably elaborate on this point because the range of high quality books on offer is superb.
Not only this, but the books are generally in the region of £3 which isn't bad for good books in terms of literary and physical quality.

Antiquarian books Rare & first edition books Old classics Modern classics Penguin classics Scottish classics Scottish culture & history books Architecture books Art books Photography books History books Military books Greek & latin books European books Irish books Theology books Philosophy books Political books & Book marks  In short, Edinburgh Books offers story lovers and book-worms 8 rooms of awe and wonder.
To top it off, the staff are lovely and they play fantastic music from Dylan and Tom Waits to Gram Parsons.

There's a reason yelpers have almost unanimously given Edinburgh Books 5/5.
It's a bloody good book shop!
Somewhere between the Grassmarket and Lothian road lies this gem of a second hand book shop.
Bringing class to the area unfortunately called "the pubic triangle" given the nature of the other establishments nearby, Edinburgh books remains central whilst retaining a slightly quieter location.
Perfect for browsing, Edinburgh Books provides truly a great range of fiction and nonfiction, mostly well known titles and classics, as well as collectors items and antiquarian books.
But make no mistake, this isn't some stuffy, up themselves store where you feel the piercing eyes of the owner follow you round the room.
No no no, this is a friendly, browsing welcome gem.
The first time I visited I spent about thirty minutes perusing their wares without buying and I got a nice smile and a 'goodbye' on my way out.
There are signs up that say "please leave bags at the counter" which surprised me at first.
But these are quickly countered by others which say "please don't hesitate to ask for help".
I now presume the bag thing is to do with not knocking things over/making more room for fellow visitors.
I should add here that though Edinburgh Books covers nearly all genres, its "Scottish Room" covering, yes, all things Scottish, is particularly good for its specialisation.
The last time I visited I came away with a copy of Dostoevsky's The Demons, for about half the price it would have cost in Blackwells.
A bargain!
A lovely second hand book shop with great titles across a range of genes.
A must for all book lovers living or visiting Edinburgh.

