I always look in here if I'm next door at Forbidden Planet.
I've never found a bargain here yet.
The prices of DVD's and games are just stupid considering the crap that is on offer.
If you want second hand DVD's stick to ebay.
This is just a pawn shop, where no one seems to reclaim their stuff.
The prices of the electrical goods are also inexplicably high.
You could go over the road to Richer Sounds and get a great brand new TV for less than they charge.
It always smells of smoke and some of the clientele are quite scary looking.

Let's not spend too much time dwelling on the poor sods whom had to bring their stuff here in order to save their kneecaps, I'm sure it was all their own fault.
Probably.
Let's instead concentrate on the unbelievable bargains on offer, especially for a video game geek like me.
I've never before felt the need to buy a useless PSPgo, but seeing one in here for £119 actually made me consider it for about half a second.
Even better, I saw a Nintendo Wii at £80, and an Xbox 360 at £60.
Fair enough, it's probably been touched by someone with VERY dirty fingernails and a methodone habit, but sixty quid!

Boys seem to like Cash Generator.
I think it's because Cash Generator has huge amounts of TV's, Games Consoles, Musical Instruments and other expensive goods.
I don't like it.
I can't get past the fact that everything seems to have a yellow tinge to it as a result of living in a smokey household which also means everything smells like cigarettes.
Everything just looks dirty to me and I don't want to think about where most of it has come from.
Yes I am an utter snob.

I often peruse round here in the hope of impulsively buying a bargain games console or the odd computer periphery.
Spotting an incredibly cheap Nintendo DS I though my impromptu bargain days were upon me, until I winced at the unsightly scratches and clearly visible damage to the item.
Second hands goods intuitively need a careful inspection, nonetheless I'm sure one day I'll find something in here.

Cash Generator can offer some incredible bargains on products which are still in pretty decent condition.
You can find Xbox 360s with controllers and games bundled in for under £80.
There are also cheap radios, hi fis, televisions and digital cameras, most of which have been used but been tested for any significant damages.
An advantage which, in my opinion, Cash Generator offers over its competitors Cash Converters on Nicholson Street is in the quality of its products which all seem indistinguishable from those which are new.
Further, the range and qauntity of items which they sell is far superior despite the fact that it was probably sold to the shop in the first place to fund some poor guy's heroin habit.
Some of the people in the place clearly aren't in a sane frame of mind.
For example, one man was walking around swearing at people for no reason, almost pleading to be left alone.
Regardless of this, whether you're after a new (sort of) microwave or simply some ultra-cheap DVDs, Cash Generator is the place to look.

I think the idea of coming into Cash Converters is much better than the reality.
In the dream, you find an amazing set of deals - a cheap camera perhaps, a classic games console, a bearly used bike of an instrument that you cant find anywhere else.
What more, you get all of that for £5, with change to spare.
The reality however, is far from that.
Usually, this place is either full of junk that you dont want, or it has the stuff in you do want - but it is still at a stupid price.

Now that I think about it, it's quite obvious cash generator is a second hand store, as they stock the most unrelated variety of products imagineable.
From television sets, to toys, to guitars, Cash Generator is so well presented I just assumed a lot of their stock was brand new.
Some of it is, as they tend to buy both used and brand new items of the public which they try to resell in their store.
A friend and I bought a mandolin from them after agonizing over the practicality of such an investment for quite a while.
The transaction was quite hilarious, because we soon realized the staff had little expert knowledge of musical instruments; no they couldn't place us a song, tune the mandolin, or offer any really helpful advice about it!
It's a cool place to try and find a good bargain, and I did find out that what they do buy straight from their suppliers are their HUGE flatscreen tvs!

