This branch of French Connection is as good as it gets.
The staff are really friendly - there is always someone at the door to greet you, no matter how busy it is, which I think is a nice touch.
All their clothes are presented in a really manageable way and if you need anything then they are pouring over themselves to help -  one of the assistants helped me fix my bag once.
The ground floor has all the womenswear and the first floor is the mens.
The only thing that might put people off this particular branch is the fact that the downstairs fitting rooms are communal, so if you don't mind stripping off infront of strangers then it's fine.
Otherwise there's a bigger changing room upstairs, complete with lockable doors.

Like the other reviewers, I completely agree that this is an excellent branch of French Connection.
Brightly lit, well stocked and friendly staff.
I don't know what they do with the displays but as well as being drawn to my usual styles I'm always drawn to outfits I'd never usually go for and want the matching belt and handbag too.
Nestled on George Street it fits with the other shops in this area perfectly.
I love French Connection, in particular their dresses and it's one of my favourite places to go for a good browse.

High-end high-street fashion, for all your fashionista needs.
The French Connection brand really needs no introduction.
It's on the expensive side of high-streets shops, and is a high-street designer.
Jeans at around £60 a pair, jumpers or cardigans at £50.
I personally wouldn't shop here for the "basics" as it's a little too expensive.
However, for a dress for a special occasion, or for a good pair of jeans that will last for a few years, and for nicely tailored coats, FCUK is where it's at.
As Stephanie T and Eleanor M. have said before, it's a great branch.
Really big and spacious, with two floors to divide the women and men sections.
There's plenty of space to give the Collections enough room to be admired.
No clothes falling off rails because they're too crammed.
Friendly staff.
The only thing that might put some people off is the communcal changing room (as they're disability accesible apparently).
Didn't bother me, but I can understand the need for privacy sometimes!
I got myself a cute little gold vest top to kick-off the autumn party season, and have already started eyeing up a few of their jumpers for when winter kicks in.
Also, I LOVE their new advertising campain, with "the Man" and "the Woman".
My bag had a photo of "the woman" with the caption "The Woman Prepares for Autumn" whilst my beau's bag had a bearded, grizzly looking Man with "The Man Laughs in the Face of Winter".
Signs throughout the store show "The Woman Goes Here for the New Collection".
FCUK were made famous for their risque acronym in the mid-90s and they haven't rested on their laurels with fun advertising.
It might mean I'm 'a victim of targetted consumerist campaigns, but the clothes match up to the quality of the branding.
And it certainley is worth a giggle (just check out the guy's floor upstairs with "The Man Has Been Angered".
Brilliant.

