Sick and tired of bland coffee chains?
This place is the antidote.
That's if you can get a seat.
Ever since free wi-fi was introduced the place has got much busier and tables get clogged up with laptops.
They still sell one of the best cups of coffee in town though.
To avoid confusion, JK Rowling didn't write Harry Potter here.
It was upstairs in what used to be Nicholsons (now a chinese buffet I think).
Think they need to put an addendum on the plaque that says Street level is ground floor in the uk, first is upstairs at least then I'll not appear in as many peoples holiday snaps while supping my hot cup of java by the window,

How appropriate a name!
It is the black liquid that I am coming for here.
It is accompanied by descent paninis or a soup on a colder day.
Internet is free, staff very easy going and friendly - what else do you need?
Great place to work or catch up with some far away friends.
Nearby the Meadows, where you can always drop by and lie on the grass on a sunny day, as so many locals do.

this used to be our go to place, as its across from the law school and has amazing cappucino- even though for some reaason they dont toast the bagels but seemingly put them in a microwave 8 minutes too long.
we will NEVER NEVER go there again due to the staff- over the months we had noticed slight attitude from the hippy chic staff- not all, but some, but one day, three friends and i walked in, in great moods, recounting the tales of the prior night, laughing.
the girl working there rolled her eyes and then imitated us laughing in loud jest to her co worker about 7 inches from us.
way to kill our mood twat.
we have since BOYCOTTED black medicine and encouraged everyone we know to as well- to be truly happy and then have someone crap on you.
no thanks- id rather have the slightly less good cafe nero coffee around the corner or the no frills cheap aroma coffee kitty corner then go into an overpriced, uncomortable wooden stooled, too few seats, hot ass bagels with rude arsehole staff

Friendly place with a good selection of drinks.
Very good chocolate fudge cake.
Small selection of panini and bagel fillings (three or four of each) but they change them every few months.
Nice place to sit and relax and read the papers over coffee.

Firstly, I have to agree with Hillary R. - the staff here are getting worse, but perhaps not to the extent where the food, coffee and chilled atmosphere isnt enough to bring you back time and time again.
The coffee itself is great - you can have anything from a plain black coffee (in my opinion the best thing they do in Black Medicine) to a mocha-choca-skinny-whatchamacallit-latte thing.
Food isnt too bad, but I have to give special mention to the soups which are always amazing.
Sitting in the window watching the world go by with a soup and a coffee (maybe a cake too, if you are treating yourself) is one of the best hours you can spend.
However, aside from the staff issues, Black Medicine can also get quite expensive for its top of the range coffees - something that just really isnt needed.
A nice place, spoit by one or two things.

Another branch of the Black Medicine chain around Edinburgh, this place is great if you're needing a tea, coffee or a fizzy juice.
I can also recommend the smoothies, they are delicious and come in a huge glass too and they're only around £2.75!
Thankfully, unlike a few other reviewers I've never had a problem with the staff here but I do find the staff at the other branches quite a bit friendlier but as long as I get my order, I'm generally happy as punch.
Nice decor, great drinks and a nice place to while away an afternoon.

It's not perhaps as good as their branch on Nicholson Street, lacking a bit of the atmosphere an buzz, and it also lacks the friendly Australian long-haired guy who confounds the stereotype of the bored and hostile coffee-shop worker.
It's still worth 4 stars any day of the week though.
Like Eleanor says, it is the smoothies in here that do it for me.
Getting them i a proper glass just seems to make them taste so much better, and when an innocent smoothie costs almost the same for a processed-tasting plastic bottle, they're not bad value either.
Hillary's experience may have been unpleasant, but in general that's standard procedure during daytime hours in any bar or cafe in Britain.
Being happy and in a good mood is just not welcomed in most places.
I used to work in a similar kind of environment, and all the staff, me included, used to show a similar level of contempt and derision toward the customers.
Insulting the general public just made the day pass quicker.

Damn good espresso Damn good americano Damn good latte Damn good berry smoothies Damn good goats cheese & roasted pepper bagel Damn good music & Damn funny staff  Life sure is sweet some days!

One of three Black Medicine cafes in Edinburgh, it's perhaps a backhanded testament to their high standards that I've never actually tried a coffee yet.
Their smoothies are just too good, and Black Medicine is currently the only place I know of where I'll willingly order one, almost always of the mixed berry variety.
Unlike at Nicholson Street, I didn't get a Star-Trek based goodbye from the staff, so four stars only I'm afraid.

You may have already heard of this place because of its links with JK Rowling who wrote much of the first Harry Potter book in the branch on Nicholson Street.
It doesnt market itself as 'The Birthplace of Harry Potter' as does the cafe/restaurant on George IV Bridge.
However, it is easy to see how she would have been inspired by Black Medicine with its dark wooden interior that reminds me of a cubby hole somewhere in Hogwarts.
However, there is also a branch on Marchmont road which is less busy than the Nicholson St cafe so with its free wi fi makes it a good location for a working lunch/coffee either alone or with colleagues.
There is also outdoor seating at this branch for the few sunny days that we get in Edinburgh.
The interior of this branch follows the same wooden theme as the Nicholson St cafe with a slightly odd addition of a piano with a orange fluorescent sign telling people 'do not play- for display purposes only'.
Didn't seem like much of a display to me!
Anyway, I digress.
Back to the serious stuff- they have a great selection of paninis and bagels all around the £3 mark.
A great offer is the soup and bagel combo for £2.20.
You can also get your hands on what are in my humble opinion the best smoothies in Edinburgh that have tempting sounding names such as Watermelon Sunset which is the one I had yesterday and it was fantastic.
(The smoothies have dual purpose of being yummy and curing a hangover!

A really good branch of a fantastic Edinburgh coffee company.
Unlike Starbuck's laboured "cosmopolitan" style, this place really does feel cool.
Inside is a wooden, natural aesthetic, with low level lighting that makes the place feel like some strange forest haven.
I first visited Black Medicine when staying over at a friends.
In the morning we came here for breakfast and I enjoyed a lovely croissant and cappacino.
Since being back I've tried their smoothies several times and I have to agree with Gavin!
I find this is a great place to spend a while, soaking up the atmosphere and reading the paper slowly while enjoying a pastry and a drink.
A really great remedy (that is medicine...) to the stifling omni-present coffee shop chains.

There are several branches of Black Medicine Coffee Co in Edinburgh - the only one I've found on here is listed as being at 108 Marchmont Road, EH9 1BG, which I've not been to.
However I do know the one at Barclay Terrace, Bruntsfield, just up the hill from the King's Theatre, which is the one I'm writing about here.
Reading the other reviews, the extraordinary handcrafted wood furniture seems to be a trademark for all the branches, and it is certainly a talking point.
The Barclay Terrace branch is absolutely tiny inside - both times I've been it has been in a group of 5 and finding somewhere to sit was a bit of a challenge.
But the coffee is certainly excellent.
I've also sampled their bacon rolls (first-class) and the carrot cake, also excellent.
I certainly would use it regularly if I lived in the area - I only visited when waiting for Davison's Kilt Hire, just across the main road, to open in the morning, or when I had been to a matinee at The King's.
The staff are very friendly.

Before you start shaking your head and muttering de ja vu, yes I have fairly recently reviewed Black Medicine.
But that was the Nicholson St branch.
I came across another one of these caffeine-fuelled havens in the Marchmont area, and was in there faster than you can say "americano and oreos please.
" Which is exactly what I had.
This branch is quieter, as it's off the beaten path, but that's in relation to the Nicholson St. one which is always heaving and super busy.
There was a steady stream of people in and out.
Again, I loved the wooden furniture, with sanded down and polished planks of wood.
It has a smoke-house feel to it, to match the totem pole branding.
I don't quite get *why* but I like it anyway!
The coffee was...mmmmm.
Sorry, yes the coffee was great.
The fact they had oreos on the menu thrilled me to bits.
Nom, gone.
I spied a girl getting a banana smootie that looked amazing.
And the oreo milkshake.
That would have been too many oreos in one day for me.
The barristas themselves were just as cool, awesome and chilled out as I'd expected after my Nicholson St. venture.
Friendly, laid back, and it's probably down to them that the place had such a chilled out, happy vibe.
Nice job guys.
This is one of my new favourite hotspots.
The sandwiches also looked great.
Oh and the cakes.
Yes, all in all, as Sarah-Jane B says below "damn good"!

It's still 5 stars.
Except this time those 5 stars come with the most delicious, filling, mug (yes it's served in a mug) soup I've had in quite some time along with a game of scrabble.
They have soup.
They have old boxes of scrabble.
And when I was in just before Christmas, probably on the 23rd, when almost everyone has abondoned their usual abode for the festive season and it was eerily quiet in the neighbourhood, I went in for a hot lemon and ginger drink to hear one barista playing the up-right piano whilst the girl serving hummed, la'd and occasional burst into full-fledged song in the most beautiful of voices.
It sounds clichéd or a bit 'trying-too-hard' but it really wasn't.
There was no one in the coffee shop before I enetered, and they were dueting when I entered.
Read my previous review for a general sense of this place but it's still hip, not very ocomfy due to wooden seats but still worth sitting in for a few hours with a laptop or book, with free cookies with each coffee, friendly staff and tasty soup.
Yes please.
Oh and scrabble.

Handily located 50 metres away from my uni building, and with the local competition, until recently, being second-rate Black Medicine at Marchmont has proved to be a bit of a haunt.
I have been nipping in here for break-time pick-me-ups and pre-presentation nerve-settlers, sitting in for project meetings over a panini and soup and mounting the occasional rant over a latte here for three years.
So I can say with some confidence that the coffee is very, very good and is generally served at a temperature ready to drink, which I like.
The soup is always homemade and more often than not delicious (adding a small soup to a panini or bagel for a pound is a great winter warmer).
The decor is warm and the furniture is solid.
Depending on which side of the bed the staff member got out of you will either get a beaming grin, genuine banter and table service or a what-do-you-want chin nod and your order plonked at the end of the bar, but hey, keeps you on your toes and even with the latter the coffee will be flawless.
A good place to work or read if you keep the caffeine running to a level but after about 45 minutes I find that the dim light begins to irritate and it's back across the road for me.

