Edinburgh Bicycle Coop is arguably one of the best bicycle retailers in Scotland.
Discovered these folks roughly 7 years ago and they have grown and become much better over that time.
They have their own brands of bikes and equipment.
This stuff is field tested and improved yearly.
Their Revolution bicycles are consistently rated as one of the best by Cycling Plus.
The service is really good and they offer stuff that will interest everyone from serious roadies and mud-jumpers to kids.
I would use them more if I lived in Edinburgh but currently I mainly use their website to order stuff and only visit twice a year.
This is a blessing since i would definitely spend a lot more money if it was local.

I often get sent on errands here my my mountain biking boyfriend and his cycling enthusiast father.
Perks of being a lazy student I guess.
Plus I often get dragged on shopping trips, so I have visited this shop quite a lot.
This shop just screams good quality and professionalism when you enter.
Everything is so organized and the staff are all bustling around helping customers.
Every time I go the shop is quite busy, which is a tell tale sign they are doing something right.
There is a workshop within the store and they are pretty quick at repairing any problems.
They also stock pretty much everything that you need to ride a bike, whether its to work or up a mountain or if your just teaching your kid to ride their first bike.
The staff are excellent too.
As I often go in completely clueless as to what I am looking for, they always have the time to help and really know their stuff, even if I don't.
And if they don't have what your looking for they will probably send you off in the right direction to get it.
When they have sales they are often pretty good and there are some good biking bargains to be found.

I first visited the Edinburgh Bicycle co-op when I moved to Edinburgh and needed a bike.
Now I didn't know a lot about bikes, still don't, but the co-op was perfect for getting advice and looking at their (comparatively) reasonably prices goods.
I have since been back one or two times to pick up bits and pieces and each time I have been satisfied.
This place must be heaven if you're really into your bikes, but for someone like me it helped a lot.
They seem to know their stuff!
The co-op has its own range of bikes and gear and I have heard from many that they are of extremely good quality.
I have tried and tested some myself and though I am no expert, the quality seemed high to me.
The bike co-op also has a good website for ordering and viewing stock before you visit.
Well worth checking whether you are a bike expert or in need of some bycycling advice!

If you do cycling of any sort in Edinburgh, you will probably be familiar with Edinburgh Bicycle Cooperative.
They're located on Alvanley Terrace, near to the Bruntsfield Links.
I've been in a few times - once to get some new inner tubes, another time to get some cycling mitts (fingerless gloves) and finally to replace a light.
The shop has such a great range of everything, along with staff who are passionate about the subject matter.
Whatever I was looking for, there was always a great range of that item, across a variety of prices.
This shop thus caters for the casual and hardcore cyclist alike.
It's the sort of place that you'll wonder round, and see something that you don't really need, but do want, and then try to justify whether or not you need it.
The selection of complete bikes for sale is also great to look at, with that 'if money was no object' glint in your eye.
Apart from sales, the shop also does repairs in a small workshop that is part of the shop.
It's pretty much a one-stop shop for your cycling needs, and in a city like Edinburgh where cycling is the quickest way to get around, it is a very useful place.
Well worth a visit if you live nearby, or even if you don't!

I LOVE Edinburgh Bicycle Co-op!
This store stocks everything you could every need for your bike and more!
Several of my male friends are obsessed with mountain biking and so they go to this store all the time to by more things and accessories for their bikes (which they don't really need) and they always rave about this store.
I came here for the fist time several months ago and was amazed at how much they sold.
As well as selling bikes, wheels and helmets, Edinburgh Bicycle Co-op goes several steps further and also sells lights, bottles and tiny 'computers' to attach to your bike to monitor how fast you are cycling - amazing!
The sales guys in this shop deserve special mention as they are so knowledgeable about bikes and are really friendly and are more than happy to answer your questions.
Why can't all sales people be like this?!!
Edinburgh Bicycle Co-op also offers classes on how to build a bike and bike maintenance.
I cannot rate this store high enough - it will fulfil all of your bicycle needs and more!

If you want a new bike this is the place to come because they cover the complete range of bikes and they're all quality bikes which are good value for money.
The cheapest you get is about £200 so perhaps they miss out the very cheapest bikes, but they may be forgiven for their level of quality.
Should you want cheaper than this I would recommend picking up a second hand bike from Bike Station which are of good quality but second hand.
The next step up is the standard £300 commuter bikes you get sold throughout town and from here the more you spend the more you get with many different types and styles of bikes.
My advice would be to tell the staff what you want, what you need it for and they will do their best to find whatever suits you.
A great bike shop.

Well equipped friendly and helpful.
They had a broad range of good clothing and equipment and were knowledgeable about riding in the area.
Wish I had something like this where I lived.

A really great store to buy a bike or some kit from for beginner or experienced riders alike.
They have a bigger range of stuff than most other shops in Edinburgh and the staff are great.
Over the years I've spent thousands in the shop and I'm really happy to have been a customer there.
I'll just list a few reasons I like them.
1) The range is excellent and clearly laid out - it's easy to grab stuff but easier to browse and enjoy the bike goodness  2) If you go in and the mechanics take a look they will be honest and try their hardest to give you the best deal/easiest fix - a few times I've been in and just been given some random spare parts so I can "DIY" it.
They're a great bunch.
3) The sales reps are knowledgeable without being douchebags.
I have real issues with "technical" shops where often the shop assistants are into the "lifestyle" of it all and hate people asking stupid questions/assume that all questions are stupid.
I've never had this at the Bike coop.
They're chatty and helpful - using personal experience to help guide your choice  4) The extra mile - they will go out of their way to help you out.
I needed a random part for a pump and although they don't sell that part they were keen that I get one so have put up a note in the warehouse to watch out for returns/broken pumps that I could salvage the piece out of!
If it works I'll save myself £30 for a new pump!
5) they have loads of bikes n stuff.
Let's face it - it's a bike shop.
I LOVE looking at bikes.
Ok it's a little more expensive than some places but for that you get no-quibble returns on items.
A pair of my shoes broke 5 months a 16 days after I bought them so I took them back and they happily exchanged them as it was recorded on the system (I didn't have a receipt) and I was within my 6 month statutory rights period .
Win!
All in all an awesome bike shop.

Whether a commited cyclist or just curious about what cycling has to offer you could do a lot worse than pay these guys a visit.The staff are cheery, approachable and knowledgable.Their own brand goods represent value for money.
They stock everything from entry level bikes and kit under their own brand "Revolution", up to top end kit from Specialized and niche manufacturers like Van Nicholas.
The store is really nicely laid out and does not have the dusty dingy feel of other stores.
I have spent quite a lot here over the years and most often use it as a bit of a benchmark for what's available.

Were really helpful... Super quick on bike repairs... Have GoPro cameras!

This is a great bike shop really conveniently located, well to me anyway, though it is very central being right beside the Bruntsfield Links.
The staff seem very knowledgeable.
I went in to buy a mountain bike and the first staff member I spoke to was really friendly and easy to talk to.
I was able to tell him what I wanted and my price range and he picked out a few possibilities for me.
He even printed out the spec of one of the bikes for me to take away.
When I went back in the next day it was really busy due to a sale being on so I wasn't able to talk to the same guy but the staff members I talked to were all professional and knew their stuff, while maybe not as friendly.
This isn't necessarily important but is something I appreciate.
The shop looks good inside and out.
It's nicely laid out.

Consistently excellent service, friendly folk and staff with a huge and impressive knowledge of bikes.
You can get pretty much everything you need for your bike here, and an extra nice touch is the grating outside the shop so you can lock up your cycle while you browse.
Sweet.

this is defintely the place to go if you need a bike, want to get your bike fixed, need some accessories for your bike, biking clothing, or just some general advice about any of your biking needs!
i've used this shop for years, having bought two bikes here (my first bike very sadly got stolen :( ) and a number of other bike related items.
in particular i bought a very good kryptonite lock to secure my new bike to make sure no one could steal it again!
when buying a bike though, they're great with helping talk you through the different models and suggest which is best for what you plan to use the bike for.
you also get to take the bike out for a quick test ride along the links to check out the sizing of the frame and how the bike rides.
today i was on the mission to get some pannier bags for my bike and the shop assistant could not have been more helpful!
he answered all my questions, showed me the variety of bags they had on offer, and talked about what i would need it for.
he didn't even laugh when i asked if having only one bag would unbalance my bike (and just to confirm if you make the bag very heavy then yes it will definitely topple over your bike!
)  i also appreciated that he didn't try to talk me into getting a more expensive bag than what i needed.
i can also confirm that they have a really reliable service centre that will happily fix your bike or just have a quick check over it to make sure everything is running well.
they also offer a bike repair class every few weeks for only £25 so you can learn how to repair your own bike!
i've not been on one yet, but my co-worker said that it was quite good and the staff running it were really helpful.
so definitely a great shop that has loads to offer both the serious and casual cyclist!
i'm sure i'll be back here again for more of my cycling needs :)

Early morning annual service, nice one guys fixed in one day.
Not cheap when you don't have the proper tools to sort it yourself - but hey as its around a central location, staff know their stuff and have the toolset, it gets fixed quickly.
The shop is usually stocked well with a multitude of bikes, accessories, technical servicing products, so much so when someone like me comes in trying to replace twenty year old cycle parts it gives them a headache, of improbable magnitude.
It seems if you snooze you lose with anything older than five years these days, phones, laptops, and this also includes cycles.
The advancement in frames and parts is critical in achieving the best performance not only out of the bike, but yourself.
Pushing your endurance to the limits, is what some prefer.
I'd be happy getting up a steep hill in any gear different from first!
When the cycle was collected, and wallet considerably lighter, the work done is more than adequate, making it feel like a new bike.
Cheers guys :)... That reminds me to make note to buy tools, go on a bike course and get new bike!

Simply the best bike shop in Edinburgh.
We have bought the family bikes here for years.
Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Great range of bikes and accessories from own brand to market leaders.

Fabulous service and staff really know their products which is great!
Definitely the place to come for all things bike related.
It is also much bigger and warren like than you think as it has taken me 3 visits to get the layout of the shop in my head.
I saw a bike online after trying to find out about the bike to work scheme.
Our scheme had closed but I had noticed that our previous official supplier had been EBC so I had a look around their website and saw a fab bike on sale, with about 50% off.
Given that it was a sunny day and I had been wistfully staring out of the window, wishing I was out on a bike, then a quick phonecall to EBC confirmed they had two bikes that I was looking at in stock/could view and I could potentially try that night.
So, I went to look at bikes and I bought one.
If they have it in stock then you will have the option of even trying before you buy so taking it out on a test ride.
The bike I bought was not 'in stock' as it was waiting on another customer collecting it, but I was still able to sit on it and check the sizing to help me decide if I wanted to order it.
They can order in bikes really quickly and it is worth getting your accessories fitted at the same time - mudguards, racks, etc as it is free fitting when you get it all done when they are building the bike.
They were also able to fit my D-lock to the bike too as given the spec of my bike, this was recommended for insurance purposes.
Honestly, I was a bit clueless about this and was basically like 'I know bikes get nicked a lot in Edinburgh so what's the best lock to try and prevent this and do you know how insuring the bike will work?
' and they were so good at explaining it all to me and not taking the piss because I was a girl.
I was able to collect my bike less than a week later as it came into the store really quickly.
The guys in store also helped me pick out a new helmet (price range from £30+) and advised on fit and lightness.
I ended up back a third time to get a jacket.
Again as the store is a bit warren like, I hadn't realised that they have a fab range of ladies clothing in the back of the store.
It really is very good and this was the fourth bike shop I had been to that day in search of a jacket when I should have come back here first.
So - this would be my first port of call now for anything bike related and I have already recommended them to loads of other people too as the service is THAT good!

