The Morningside Spice is a fantastic Indian restaurant on Morningside Road.
It has recently undergone a refurbishment and now the interior looks classy and modern; I went for a meal there this evening and there were fresh tulips on the tables, it was a nice touch.
The staff are wonderful; whenever I visit I am greeted like an old friend, it's one of the reasons I keep going back.
Tonight I ordered the lamb tikka, it is a relatively simple dish but a lot depends on the quality of the lamb; needless to say, the quality of the meat was excellent and I enjoyed my dinner immensely.
I finished off with the pistachio kulfi which the waiter informed me was homemade, it was delicious and my mum declared it 'magnificent'.
I can't wait for my next visit.

Morningside Spice is a great Indian restaurant with a good, well organised menu, and great food and service.
I went there for the first time about three weeks ago and the decor inside was pretty stunning with a fresh, contemporary feel.
The menu has a whole range of kebabs of varying sorts as well as the usual rogan josh, balti and tikka dishes.
I opted for the beef karahi which I hadn't ever tried before and it tasted great.
I love cardamom seeds and this dish had plenty of them with a good balance of heat and real flavour.
The portions are a perfect size, even for big eaters, and the naans are some of the biggest and best I think I have ever eaten.
The service is quick and friendly and they also do free deliveries on takeaways under £10 which I would certainly recommend.
I can't really fault this place as it's moderately priced with great food and a chilled out atmosphere.

Morningside Spice is a great Indian restaurant and takeaway in the Morningside area of Edinburgh - in an ideal location for students to pop into for their lunch or dinner.
They offer a wide selection of authentic Indian cuisine which is cooked with fresh spices and is always full of flavour.
I ordered the Chili Garlic Chicken which was completely delicious but really spicy and it felt like my mouth was on fire by the end of the meal.
The rice is excellently cooked and the naan breaks are massive - yum!
Morningside Spice also had wide selection of vegetarian meals and I had the vegetable pakoras to start which were amazing.
The waiters in the restaurant were warm and welcoming and incredibly efficient in their service.
They also offer a takeaway service which was really popular was I was dining in the restaurant and having tasted their food I can see why.
The only downside which I could see was that the people who were ordering takeaways were waiting a long time for their food, but it was a busy Friday night so it is probably to be expected.
I will definitely be back at Morningside Spice for another curry soon, I loved it.

Having been out for a lovely walk through the Hermitage, which is such an amazing place to take a walk and feed the ducks on a sunny day, with my wee one and my parents it was decided that we would go for a curry for a lunch.
Now the original plan was to go to a different restaurant but when they turned out to be less then helpful and seemed unable to give us a straight answer about what time they actually opened we decided to opt for Morningside Spice instead.
And let me say I am very glad we did, what a little gem.
To start with they were very accommodating of my wee one's large buggy and were very happy to make room for it and most importantly, as all parents can agree, they had a high chair.
We all opted to go for the set lunch menu which comprises of a starter, main dish curry, rice or nan bread, followed by either vanilla ice cream or coffee... all for just £6.95.
I mean that alone just screams to me 'What an amazing deal!'.
What is really nice about the lunch menu is that while some places offer you a very limited selection of dishes Morningside Spice allows you a good sized well rounded choice.
6 starter choices, both for the meat eater and the vegetarian.
When it comes to your main dish you can have either chicken, lamb or veg and choose from mild, medium, sweet & sour or hot.
Throw in the fact that there are then twelve different sauces to choose from you can have no doubt that there will be something for everyone.
Now I went with the Chicken Pakura to start with and I was delighted with the extremely tender pieces of chicken coated in a lovely aromatic batter.
It was a perfectly sized lunch time starter accompanied with a nice cooling salad and a lovely dip with just the right amount of spice in it.
And it wasn't a pathetic little splodge of sauce on the side either, between the 3 of us we had a good sized bowl of it, so for those of you that enjoy a good dipping you won't be disappointed.
Now as much as I love curries i have to admit i am a bit of a wimp when it comes to things being too hot, i am truly a bit of a girl, so I decided to go with a mild chicken malayan.
Between the3 of us we went with two rices and one nan bread which worked out great for sharing as nans where a very good size.
When my malayan turned up it came in one of those tradition round metal curry bowls which i really like to see, i mean why go out for a curry if it just shows up on a plain white plate... i can do that at home for any meal.
The portion size was just right for lunch time and the peices of chicken were a good size and very tender and again it had a great amount of very yummy sauce, just the right amount for mixing in with the lovely fluffy rice or scooping up with the nan bread.
Having scrapped my bowl clean of every trace of sauce and then offering to help my mum with a bit of her lovely korma sauce the small scoop of vanilla ice cream that followed was just the perfect way to finish off the meal, especially i imagine if you have been braver than me and gone for one of the hotter curries.
It was a great meal and I'm definitely planning on going back to try their full menu, along with a few more Cobra beers.

I found the food to be way too greasy compared to what I know from other indian places.
Very tasty though.
Service was slow but that may be due to the bigger groups that were there at the time I ordered.

We had a takeaway from Morningside Spice which was ok.
The poppadoms were very tasty and the dips very nice however the main courses were a little bland.
My husband had chicken Bhuna and I had Kashmiri chicken.
However it did come very quickly and the staff were friendly.

