Paint your own pottery.
Fun for kids of all ages, grown-ups too!
Choose a piece to paint from the wide range available.
They've got all sorts of animals, dinosaurs, mugs, bowls, plates and vases.
Let your imagination run wild as you paint your work of art, it's then fired and you can collect it the next day.
Or you can paint a piece to take away there and then.
This uses different paints to the ones to be fired.
There's a little cafe area where adults can relax while the children paint, and a small soft play area for wee ones.
The little pottery models we bought were quite reasonably priced considering the amount of fun to be had painting them, and the children are very proud when they collect their work the next day.
The wait just adds to the excitement.
There are also larger pieces to paint, these can be quite expensive.
Another popular item seems to be those casts of babies feet or hands.

This isn't a real review because I don't really think they would somebody like me let stand around and take notes when there's children about.
So i can only offer an "standing outside the building peering in" review (which in retrospect is alot weirder...)  This place allows your child to pick a piece of unpainted pottery and design it any way they like.
(didn't see any unicorns fighting batman, kids these days have no imagination).
The staff looked like they were very helpful, guiding the children through such tough choices like, should this duck be pink and how many legs should Daddy have?
We all know this experience isn't for kids, its for the parents.
Who loving display the 9 legged horse plate until it goes miraculously missing when your first girlfriend comes round for tea.

The Cermaic Experience is a franchise which has branches throughout Scotland, including one in Stirling, close to where I live.
This one in Marchmont is like the others and allows, children, mothers' groups and even hen parties to come in and decorate their own mugs, plates and bowls.
It's actually quite a good idea and seems to appeal to schools for days out and parents can relax in the cafe whislt their children paint ceramic stuff or enjoy themselves in the soft play area.
I'm not sure how the hen parties work, but inside they advertise it as a raucous BYO wine affair, the perfect beginning to a girls' night out apparantly.

This is a great place if you've got kids!
Although I have to say perhaps more for a rainy day than the sunny one I went in on.
With a kiln on site the place is about 10 degrees hotter than outside!
They have a mum and baby morning between 10 and 12 on Tuesdays and another I believe on a Thursday but I would check that beforehand.
For £5 you can get a cup of coffee and a small coaster to paint.
You can always pay more for any of the other items.
As well as just being able to paint the pottery you can have casts made of your wee ones hands and feet.
There is also a soft play area for older toddlers if they get bored of painting!
The reasons why I couldn't give this place a five was firstly the heat and secondly the price of anything else you should wish to paint....it was quite expensive!
The staff are absolutely lovely in here and so helpful.
The next rainy day I reckon we'll be in again.
The place is also quite buggy friendly too.

