It's such a shame the name Clarkson has become eponymous with one of the most detestable figures in modern British history.
Every time I see the name it makes my blood boil, filling me with contempt and hatred and misanthropy.
When I think of former Blackpool and Crewe midfielder Phil Clarkson, I just have to stop everything and count to ten... (that's classic comedy misdirection).
However, enough of that.
This place was here long before whichever Clarkson I'm talking about.
I, like Stephanie T., expected this place to be old fashioned.
I'm not a jewellery expert, but I was definitely wrong with my preconceptions.
The stuff seems thoroughly modern, and there was some eye-catching pieces.
It's also nice, as I've said before, to support an independent business.
The people who run this place have been here long enough to know what's what, and you know you'll be getting a more personal service than if you went to one of the high street chains.
Just try not to think of Jeremy (or Phil).

We came to Edinburgh to look for wedding rings, we wanted something unique, something that we knew would be subtle and yet eye catching.
We found the perfect rings whilst working with Clarksons.
Based upon their years of experience we were able to create our own design based on one of theirs and we trusted that they would be exactly what we wanted.
We were absolutely right to trust them.
A month later our rings arrived and all of our hopes were realised.
Our rings are beautifully crafted, expertly engraved and exactly how we imagined they would be.
Ian, Keith and Patrick were the most professional gentlemen we have had the pleasure of working with.
They dealt with us with utmost care and made it very easy for us to trust that our wedding rings would be nothing short of perfect.
Hand crafted one off designs made on the premises and engraved locally made the experience feel all the more special.
I believe our experience is what you could expect too.
They genuinely care for their customers and have 50 years of experience in getting it right.

