For tourists coming into Edinburgh via Waverley Station, the Princes Mall may be the first place they see.
This is not a good thing.
The Princes Mall is one of those awful 80's style buildings which will never look attractive.
I guess its a victim of recession as its full of empty shops, or shops which seem to change every few months.
I'm not sure if its making a comeback with the big New Look and Joy which is a quirky little store, but it is in serious need of a re-vamp.
With Princes Street right on its doorstep, this mall doesn't really serve much of a purpose.
It has a large food court which boasts a variety of fast food outlets.
The food court is generally full of teenagers 'hanging' around, so its not really an ideal place to eat.
Hopefully as the economy recovers this place will be restored and become a busy shopping mall again.

Of all the units in this shopping centre, the vast majority are either empty or shops that you would never need or want to go into.
It's got a Costa Coffee upstairs, a branch of Joy and Edinburgh's only city centre branch of New Look.
That's why I gave it 2 Stars, but apart from that the only reason I'd ever come in here would be to hide from the rain or snow.
It's hard to pinpoint exactly what the worst thing is about this mall.
In joint first place, are the foodcourt and those people who follow you around the ground floor concourse trying to get you to buy their bag of "free" makeup for £40.
They literally jump out from behind pillars anf follow you right up to the entrance of whichever shop you're pretending to go into just to get away from them.
The foodcourt... possible the most depressing sight you'll ever see.
I was cutting through it this morning on my way down to the Waverley station and was the saddest thing I've seen in a long time.
If you're old, morbidly obese and have nothing better to do on a weekday morning at 10am (or all of the above), you should get yourself along here and start tucking into your first Big Mac meal of the day - it's apparently what everyone else in your situation does.
Unless you love the smell of stale cooking fat, I certainly wouldn't recommend sitting down to eat in here.
Aside from it's few saving graces on the top and middle floors, this is easily the worst thing on Princes Street - pigeons included.

I'm pretty sure at one stage Princes Mall was more exciting, and just a bit better than it is now, but it feels pretty empty currently, and I can't remember the last time I spent more than a total of 20 minutes wandering around its retail offerings.
I really wish they would do something more creative with the Food Court section, or just redo it completely, so that there's a chance it would feel slightly less like a cramped heap of food stalls, uncomfortably jammed together underneath some escalators.
In fairness, Princes Mall does have a large New Look, which is brilliant for impulse shoe buying, plus it has a branch of Joy, a recently added favourite on my list of shopping destinations stocking pretty frocks.
There's also a Costa, pretty handy I suppose in any shopping centre, as caffeine is always first on my agenda when there's energetic shopping tasks to carry out.
Aside from those positive pointers, I just don't find Princes Mall amazingly pleasant to explore, and I can only hope there's some redevelopment planned for the future.

This place looks worse for ware - the mall itself is pretty scabby, and quite a few of the shops are stood empty.
Those that are full are all a bit crap really, and overall, being in here is a tad on the depressing side if I am honest.
There are a few shops which save it, and the food court is impressive - but lets be honest, its just a seating area with 7 or so fast food chain stores, so its not exactly the Ritz.
I cant remember the last time I felt that I absolutly had to come here for anything, and any time I have just wandered in, I'm usually out again in 15 mins or so.
Not great.

Despite it's pretty stellar location, Princes Mall is a depressingly downtrodden a shopping centre, and I'm at odds to explain why.
I remember when I was knee high to a grasshopper and this mall was new-ish.
There was loads of independant shops including the first place I ever saw the all-conquering Jelly Belly beans on sale.
It's declined steadily since then though, and is now little more than a grubby early 90s relic, with the vast majority of it's units completely empty.
There's a food court downstairs with a KFC, MCDonalds and a Harry Ramsden's, and the smell of vinegar and unemployed people wafts right out onto Princes Street.
All in all, pretty dismal, but worth popping into just to appredciate the sheer grimness of the UK in 2010.

I only go into this mall for thee places - Joy, Kookai and Xile.
To be honest, I'm scared when I go in here.
I don't like to stereotype, but whenever I go in all I see is young people, big earrings, hoody's and sometimes prams.
I don't think it's the best image for people just arriving to the city.
When I came through the food court just this afternoon to use the bathrooms, I was stared at, pointed at and spoken about.
aah!!
Although the mall does have a reasonably good selection of shops - Warehouse, New Look, ...um....
I would only go in here to go to shops that are alone in the city - Xile, Kookai and Joy are the only 3 in the area.
Sometimes they have really cool exhibitions..sortof...such as funny road-signs, cool displays and posters.
Overall, it's a bit of an odd combination of 60s gentrification and the recession!

So far, all reviewers have used similar buzz words regarding this small, central mall on Edinburgh's Princes St.
Empty, recession and downtrodden keep cropping up.
Like Gavin, I can't understand why, but I feel the same way nonetheless.
It's the first shopping centre I pass on my way out the station, but I only ever stop by when I'm killing time until my next train.
And it really is a lost resort.
Fronted by a generic Costa and with a tourist outlet posted at its side entrance, the only joy I can honestly get out of this place is the shop of the same name.
I loved Joy when it was in Glasgow, and was quite surprised to find it in here to be honest.
Even in the oppressive setting it still stands out as selling good quality clothing for guys and dolls.
It's too quirky for this place, which is devoid of personality and is designed like a pokey 90s mall, illuminated stairs and all.
It's had a facelift since I was last here but it hasn't really done much for it.
You still feel squashed and pressured in here, submerged in an environment that tries depserately to be glossy, but behind the glaring lights is a bit of a ghost.
I find it bizarre that shops like New Look, Xile and even Joy fail to give this p[lace any sort of pep or personality.
Not my favourite and pretty uninspiring, especially considering the beautiful location.

I agree with the other reviewers about Princes Mall, it should work really well but unfortunately it doesn't.
Just wandering around makes me feel quite sad as there are stacks of empty shells where thriving businesses should be and they are all advertised with signs saying that there are spaces for rent.
Joy and New Look are the only shops here I bother looking in but I have eaten in the food court before two...
I particularly like Spud U Like.
It's a shame that Princes Mall is so sparse, but who knows maybe in a few years more shops and it will be able to claim it's title as a mall.

Topped with a Costa coffee and with a McDonald's as its foundation the Princes Mall isn't the most appealing shopping centre.
Sandwiched in between these mediocre high street brands are an assortment of clothing shops, whisky shops and beauty orientated stores.
You'll no doubt have a curious wander through the Princes Mall and then exit with limited buys and limited enthusiasm for the dreary interior.

still building the shops.
For what is there it is decent - they even got a Superdry!
the foodcourt however is abismal.

A great location... Quick and easy near the trains... Kind of a ghost town...

