Cafe 39 is a pretty non-descript establishment on the fringes of Marchmont.
It sells reasonably priced coffee and teas, it has a deli counter with various bits and bobs for creating sandwiches and salads and, randomly, it has a wee cabinet of 'freshly' baked pastries (this is similar to the kind of thing you normally only see in petrol station minimarts, I highly doubt they are actually made on the premises).
Its one discerning feature is the AMAZING super duper fast WiFi (I challenge you to find a faster connection in any other Edinburgh caff), I would trek across the city for connectivity this good, however, they only let customers use it for 45mins.
GRRRR.
This place isn't bad, but it could be a lot better.

Edinburgh hosts an almost infinite amount of places to grab a coffee and a bite to eat.
Coffee 39 , being one of them, deserves to be part of the 3 star group  The interior itself resembles a many Marchmont area living rooms: spacious, high ceilings and a scattering of cosy seating.
All equating to good place to chill out.
They do some decent stuffed peppers (look for the Dolma) and the usual deli style products, all of which are fine for a nibble.
Free Wifi and cheapish coffee all also add to an average package.
Nothing special, but the kind of place you can rely on.

No.
39 is a wee deli/cafe just off the south side of Middle Meadow Walk, in the residential area of Marchmont.
There's nothing particularly exciting about this place, apart from that it's one of the very few cafes Marchmont has.
Not that Marchmont is very big to begin with.
It's the closest one you'll get to the Meadows (apart from the Pavilion which is on the Meadows) in that part of town.
They serve your regular array of paninis, sweets and coffees.
One thing I've always been taken aback by (in a good way no less) is the fact that they sell fresh fruit.
Ripe fruit, at that.
Which is quite rare in cafes.
And delis for that matter.
I had a decent turkey and brie and cranberry panini there once, back in my meat-eating days, but there was nothing wowing about it.
Their coffee is also decent, but nothing to rave about.
I will give them this, though, they are painted one helluva good shade of red!
And it's also kinda worth it if you need a change of scene or want to grab a coffee on your way to work/uni from Marchmont through the Meadows.

Cafe 39 in Marchmont has a massive sign saying 'coffee' on the door and this, I think, is its main selling point.
Inside it's quite small and a little dark, but the atmosphere is inviting and the staff are friendly.
They do a great range of filled rolls and I went for the tuna mayonnaise with salad on warm, brown bread.
It was delicious, filling and came with a generous portion of kettle chips on the side as well.
This, along with a latte, came to about £4.50 which made for a delicious, satisfying and relatively cheap lunch.
On the way out I had a look at their pastries and fancied a pane chocolate which cost less than 80p and was a great end to a tasty lunch.
I would come here again any day as its service and food are excellent for the prices you pay.

The display window of this cute Marchmont cafe is a lot like a teenager's bedroom walls - covered in countless, largely unrelated posters!
I take a liking to some places, sometimes inexplicably, and it's definitely happened with this cafe.
I was probably extremely hungry or needed to rest my feet (you know how food tastes like crack just because you're starving?)*.
Well it's relatively cheap and I found it quite cosy as well, so worth a mini coffee break.
*I have never done crack.

Popped in here for a late lunch at the weekend and found it to be a very welcoming and pleasant establishment.
They offer a good range of fillings for the various types of rolls on offer as well as baked potatoes and the prices for food and drinks are on the whole very reasonable.
You can either sit at a table or watch the world go by at the window and the service was spot on.

Really like this neighbourhood cafe, its round the corner from me so gets visited regularly.
The place is clean, relaxed and has some intesting choices for sandwiches and lunch options.
The staff are pleasnt and are always accomodating for some of my friends requirements eg vegan, veggie, no diary etc.Check out the soup and the Turkish delight sandwich - haloumi, pastrimi, pickles and salad.

Just what the body needs, nourishment in the shape and form of hot liquid and veggies not forgetting the chicken.
Yes man you guessed it I'm enjoying the comforts of soup at No.39.
It is lovely smashing great, as unlike some lunchtime places I've been to and had to hand back the soup bowls due to over-saltiness(made up word), check that on thesaurus later.
Combined with coffee this place was wifi enabled, so not only could I scoff in relative comfort, but I could work at the same time.
As it was way busy I took a window seat.
Only thing wrong with that is the draft from the door, but hey small steps.
As the decor is nothing to write home about, some might say it's student like but the food definitely tasted good, and at £5 for lunch plus large mug of hot coffee, that actually stayed hot long after the first slurp, it's thanks No.
39 it's the steps to success that count, I'll be back...da da da da-dum.

Solid Coffee  Not a bad gaff, attentive service and good coffee.
Didn't try the food, but they had a range of fresh sandwiches and pastries.
Cheaper than places nearby and just as good

