You can usually identify the quality of a Pizza by its tomato base.
The Italian Connection (of which I'm sure food passionate Italians would insist there isn't) slaps its sugary, mass produced, artificial tomato base on all its pizzas.
This ultimately taints all the pizzas they serve.
Saying that, the pizzas are cheap and I often see people inside on a regular basis.
Let me know if I'm missing something.

The only connection they have is to the Italian Section in Asda.
This place is disappointing...
But that doesn't stop hundreds of people visiting every time I pass, I've never seen the place empty.
I don't know whats doing on.
For me, I'm with Sam, the pizza tastes very manufactured, it's got no heart (which is strange as hell to say)   I'm giving this a 3 star, because I realise this a popular place.
Might not be for me.

I only went to Italian Connection once and I'll probably never go back.
Judging by the fact that it has 'Italian' in its name, I was expecting authentic pasta dises and speciality pizzas, but as far as I could see, it was just an average takeaway which did a bit of pasta on the side.
It mostly sells pizzas which, to be fair, are quite cheap at about £4-5 each, but I wouldn't have even said that they were worth that.
I ordered a pepperoni with pineapple which actually looked pretty good when they handed it to me.
Despite this, the whole thing just tasted dry and tough and the cheese was obviously just standard processed stuff.
In its favour, however, the service is quick and friendly and seem to zap the (surprisingly) large queues pretty quickly.
As I said, I'm not really a fan but plenty of people seem to be so give it a try and see what you think.

I was pretty disappointed with my meal at Italian Connection.
Located in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh, Italian Connection should be the Italian place that every student living in the area goes to for their lunch or dinner, but it is rather disappointing.
The place does not look much from the outside, and the food is not up to much either.
Italian Connection primarily sells pizza's, which are very well priced as they are a decent size and most of them cost under £5, depending on what toppings you choose and a ten inch Margarita costs £3.50.
I ordered a pizza with green peppers, onions and olives and although the topping of the pizza was tasty with lots of cheese, the base was really hard and pretty burnt.
I have not returned to the Italian Connection since, but every time I walk by in the evenings it is always fairly busy inside which I am quite surprised about, but perhaps by burnt base was a one-off.
Italian Connection's pizza's are for takeaways and they also do home delivery's within a 2-3 mile radius of the shop which is handy if you live further away from the place and don't want to walk.

again as other reviews very disappointing.
It doesn't look great from the outside but i thought i would give it a go with my son who fancied a burger.
The food isn't the worst i've tasted but the staff are so slap dash they're not really geared up for people sitting in.
They seem to focus on take away's and seemed to have alot of delivery orders but still we had to wait 10 minutes to get some cutlery.
I don't think we will be going back!

