This pool is very good for aving a swim or just relaxing in the pool.It has changing rooms for both male and female and lockers which are 50p but you get that back when your done.It is a very good pool with a seperate diving pool which has diffrent heights of your choice to go on.

The Royal Commonwealth Pool is currently undergoing works and should be open by the Summer of 2011, where it will eventually be used to stage the diving competitions for the Commonwealth games in 2014, on Glasgow's behalf.
However, it is also going to play an important part in preparing the GB swimming team for the Olympics in London in 2012.
The pool did need a bit of renovation any how as it was first made for the Commonwealth games in the 1970s and the decor of the place didn't seem very 21st century, which is essential if live television pictures of a swimming venue are going to be beamed across the world.
before the renovation work started, it was great to have a huge official Olympic sized swimming pool so close to the city centre and the 50 metres swims were a good test of your fitness.
There was also diving boards, which I was never brave enough to actually try out.
The changing rooms were as Alice says in definite need of a bit of TLC, but this will definitely be happening with the renovation work and I look forward to using it when it's done.

Although it has some amazing amenities, and a gigantic Olympic sized swimming pool...it's still quite pricy for a swim!
£5.50 for an adult and £2.40 for a kid...if your doing this on a weekly basis that's nearly £40 a month!
And there isn't a whole lot to do with the kids once you're in the pool.
We have taken to race back and forth, but can last just over an hour doing this...which makes me feel I've wasted £8.40.
Although they do have a lovely soft play area and canteen...once again the price of soft play is something like £4.50, for a whole hour.
You can get that price at Gambado with no real time limit.
Overall, for lack of better options we go here.
But if they brought back Leith Waterworld, I'd much rather spend my money there.

This is a fantastic pool for those who are training for a triathalon, or even the Commonwealth Games.
Athletes.
Those who can butterfly stroke in their sleep.
You might not believe me, but I am not one of them.
No, instead I am one who wears her hair high in a bun on her head, still keeps her mascara on, and does a leisurely breast stroke for each length, keeping my head firmly above water.
Now, I can swim.
And I can do this modify breast stroke quite well.
But as I run, practice yoga and hit the gym and weights often, for me swimming is my down-time, relaxation exercise.
Im not doing it to train.
With that in mind, the Commonwealth pool would be my 2nd choice for pools in my area (Marchmont).
It's really clean, very well kept, and the pool is of Olympic distance.
So it's a wee workout for my relaxation swims.
But, and I don't know why it's called 'Pool & Sauna' - it doesn't have a sauna!
Or a steam room!
I *love* going for a half hour swim, then suffering through 10 minutes of intense, dry heat only to then plunge myself under a super cold shower.
It feels amazing!
Instead, there's just the swim, then a slightly chlorine-smelling pat down before I head home for a proper shower.
As a gym facility, I think it's pretty great.
I've heard rave reviews of the classes, there's a full gym, and it'd be a great place to cross train (again, triathaletes in mind).
But for folk who want a leisurely swim and then sauna after, you might be better going elsewhere.

With so many activities for a wide range of  people The Royal Commonwealth Pool should cater to your level.
On arrival your greeted by happy smiley reception team who can answer question you have regarding facilities.
There have been changes to the dive pool size, but all else looks if it's in the same spot.
But as I am not using the centre today, did not appreciate or detect any changes other than what I could see from the reception area?
There are fast track devices to the left of reception where you can pay for keep fit classes.
But do you take tickets to the Core training, Body attack, & Body Step classes or trade them at reception first - will find out on next visit?
Prices for the gym look competitive but it did look busy at around 12:00-13:00 in the front of the building and I supposed if you live nearby and can walk further than other  sports centres then maybe that is a good thing.
Leisure cards at £25, fitness classes, some under a fiver, might interest a lot of peeps, especially with the current economic climate?
Go if you like large pools, warm water(solar heated), diving, fitness group classes, birthday parties(soft play rooms) and cafe.
Also TRCP has 2 Car Parks.
Duncan Goodhew will still be proud!
In the meantime I need to book half a day here sometime soon.

