Edinburgh is good for shopping and this is a prime example: You walk off Princes Street with it's mainstream brands and big department stores and you come across Thistle Street which seems to be acquiring more and more boutiques.
Viva European Shopping!
This particular boutique is wayyy out of my budget.
This doesn't stop me from occasionally popping in, although the sales assistants (or whatever they call themselves) can smell me from across the street with my jeans and ripped chuck tailors (well I think they're cool).
However, one can find some quite interesting pieces here, including local up and coming designers.
The accessories are a personal fave.
Their stock gets renewed regularly and certainly is a breath of fresh air from Topshop and Gap.
Too bad about the price tag I guess it always comes with the name on the label.

If you are wanting to buy some quirky and unique clothes, Kakao By K is definitely the place to go.
Situated on Thistle Street, Kakao By K is right in the heart of the New Town area of Edinburgh and it is just a short walk from the main shopping street, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.
This is a Scandinavian women's clothing store which sells a range of designers clothes including Edith and Ella, House of Lykke, Leluu and Mimosa.
I only found out about this store fairly recently as it was a friend who introduced it to me and now I love to come here and admire all the lovely clothes which they stock.
Kakao By K sell a range of trousers, skirts, tops, dresses and jackets, which are all of excellent quality and so most of their clothes cost around £100.
I have my eye on a beautiful cream silk dress by mimosa which I think I am going to buy the next time in the store - it is gorgeous!
Accessories including handbags and gloves are also available at Kakao By K.

I was lured into Kakao (by K) after seeing its delicious little mannequin head in the window.
When my eyes travelled up to spy a gorgeous, delicate cream dress, I knew I had to explore further!
I had no idea this place was selling Scandinavian stock until I read Lauren's review.
It kind of makes sense now since the Scandinavians seem to be championing the 70s revival at the moment, with both furniture and clothing designs hailing back to that golden era.
In the case of Kakao, they display the wares of high end designers such as Edith and Elle and House of Lykke, both of whom seem to be borrowing the best from various era's.
They had some gorgeous embroidered tops with a ruffled sweetheart neckline, and a lush elegant striped dress in burnt colours.
They also had some more formal clothing in rich greens, not to mention a number of striking accessories from designers both internationally and locally.
It's fairly pricey, but the kind of clothing that is fitting for a very special occasion.
You can tell that the frocks are a cut above, and their dresses collection would be perfect if you were attending something very formal and fancy like a wedding.
If you have the money to spend, it is a nice alternative to the likes of Karen Millen on the high street, and brings a touch of European high but funky fashion to this Scottish city.
Lovely!

Whats this?
A pretty little clothing shop, on a cobbled stoned street, supplying designer clothes from Scandinavia?
Why yes, yes it is.
Every time I'm in the area and need my fashion-browsing fix, I generally come here.
The quality of the clothes/ accessories are really good.
I bought a scarf under this label and it's my favourite scarf (alpaca, hello!!
)  The clothes are so pretty!!
I usually enter, look around, afraid to touch anything too forcefully because its little brittle art.
Contrasting to someplace like H&M where I touch/grab/throw EVERYTHING.
Hmph, curious.
Anyways, it's worth a visit.
Maybe not always realllllly affordable.
but hey, I can deal with that.
It's still fun to browse and think 'one day...'.
I am a student after all!

Recently discovered this place but I LIKE a lot!
It does sell designer clothes like many of the shops on Thistle Street but they are so cute and there are a few mid-range priced items which are still great quality.
I used to love H&M for vests and essentials like that - I'm tall and have a long body and hate tops that ride up - so H&M was perfect for that but the quality isn't great anymore.
Cue a visit to Kakao by K - tops designed for tall Scandinavian goddesses that sit where they should (and also in sizes for non-scandinavian goddesses like me).
I know where I'll be investing my hard earned cash in the future - I have a couple of items earmarked for future purchases as they would be worth it for something of such lovely quality.
If you are looking for a great outfit, whether for a night out or for an occasion, this place is worth a visit to pick up something non-highstreet and just a bit different.
The sale looks pretty good - I picked up a vest top for £12 (Noa, Noa) and compared to the £7.99 top I bought out of H&M which started fraying after the first wash, then this was a good investment.

