Tested out a couple of guitars here last year and was extremely comforted to be shown around by a seriously great guitarist (I think he was the owners son?
) He spent half an hour trying to figure out which one would give me the tone I was looking for.
They sell everything you would expect from a music store, but with the added advantage musical knowledge behind the counter.
He didn't have to spend that time with me but I felt like he wanted to, thats why they're getting 5 stars.

I'm one of those irritatingly flatulent people who toy with the idea of being in a band properly, but never pull my finger out to actually do something about my music obsession.
I really need to stop being so vicarious.
I did however have a vicarious browse in Rikki's Guitar Shop, after finding their 90s inspired grungy shop sign beguiling.
I really want an electric guitar and after seeing scores of them hanging up in the window, I had to go and investigate.
From as little as £70, you can purchase an imitation Fender or Stratocaster that are very good quality.
They also sell electro acoustics, bass instruments not to mention a variety of accordions and ridiculously affordable drum kits.
Some people may have their snobby music reserve about them and splash out on some super Fender.
For people like me who want to muck about and learn on an affordable but great quality instrument, Rikki's is fantastic!
The family who run this place will be more than happy to help you find your way around the fretboard - in fact both father and son are accomplished musicians themselves, so it is a pleasure for them to assist you!
With most instruments priced cheaper than average retail price but with the same quality, Rikki's keeps up the momentum of the dying tradition of independent instrument stores.
They have stock in here to get you started while also selling recording equipment and high quality instruments for the serious musician.
Marvellous.
They even have left handed guitars, so I can follow in fellow lefty Jimi Hendrix's footsteps and burn up some riffs...or at least attempt to.

I was there in the summer 2012, I've buy my 1st  guitar on my life!
I'm not a musician , i give they my 5 stars for the way they say welcom to the customers, they are polite and kind, I like too much find people like this.My guitar is ok , but is in the corner to my wardrobe...I don't play it.....ihihihihihihih any way thake my stars !!!!!
Giuseppe.

While out wandering around Leith Walk trying to see where I could find a decent guitar to start learning with my new copy of Rocksmith we came across Rikki's with it's bold shop sign popped into view ahead.
We were warmly welcomed when we entered and he was quite helpful in finding the right guitar to start with, giving me a quick demo to get a feel for it and hooking me up with gear for it.
They are pretty crammed wall to wall with all sorts of instruments and with the really warm service i'd recommend a visit if you're ever that way inclined.

