Love it!
Been a few times and has to be my favourite restaurant to date in Edinburgh.

Decadent, decadent decadent.
2 peacocks, more decadence, champagne, even more decadence.
It really is the place to go if you want to feel like the king and queen of Scotland.
Amazing, period interior, gorgeous grounds and views on the outside, impeccable service and food.
It can't be faulted.
Even if you go for the light lunch at a very reasonable £16.95 or fork out for a bottle of the £2000 wine (which although tempted, I managed to resist), you will still emotionally be charmed and satisfied by the absolute fabulousness of the environment.
You just can't help being seduced the minute you set eyes on the grand entrance, then throughout the culinary dream of your lunch or dinner all the way through to being chaperoned to your taxi, already awaiting your royal exit.
I will no doubt be back soon to experience the wine list once again flick past the over-indulgent two grand wine and settle for a more modest Pinot or Chardonnay.

Oh goodness.
After our disappointing birthday meal at Ondine, the boy and I decided to give that celebration thing one more try and made a reservation at Rhubarb for afternoon tea.
If the food was bad, at least we'd be at a 17th century manor with peacocks.
Luckily, the food wasn't bad, not by a long shot.
Delicate sandwiches, flaky scones with thick, decadent clotted cream and tangy raspberry jam, dainty strawberry tarts and double chocolate eclairs and a wide selection of black, green and herbal teas ensure that there's something here for everyone's tastes.
The food was the least of the experience, though, and that should say soemthing.
From our arrival we were greeted by a cheerful doorman in a swank black kilt, and whisked upstairs to the tapestry room, where we sank into an antique sofa and took in the gorgeous furnishings.
Prestonfield is just as beautiful, decadent, and opulent as it appears in the photos, and the rich history here is palpable.
Yes, there are peacocks, and pheasants, and Highland cows in a pasture by the drive.
The house is gorgeous.
The grounds are gorgeous.
The food is incredible and the service is impeccable.
We spent nearly four hours over our tea, and were never rushed, and rolled down the circular drive completely sated, physically, visually and sensationally.
Rhubarb, you have my heart.

This was a huge disappointment.
Rhubarb has a large reputation.
The atmosphere was one of the nicest I've ever experienced.
The servings were ultra small.
They were small for the purpose of being elitist.
The fish was overcooked.
We returned it and the next one also came out overcooked.
This restaurant definitely places form over substance.
Too bad, it could easily have been a 5 star restaurant.
All they needed to do was stop trying to act so special and actually make the food taste great.
Big disappointment.

After reading a bunch of bad reviews on various sites, all complaining about a catastrophic service in terms of timing and attitude, my expectations were set on a level where I was expecting to be overwhelmed by cockiness.
Instead, the service was exceptional, both in terms of timing and attitude.
In fact, the politeness of the staff was at such an aristocratic level that combined with the decoration of the restaurant, you can't help but feel as a commoner in middle ages.
Anyways, the food is above decent but not exceptional.
The chef is obviously fusion influenced, but not in a relaxed way, i.e.
he/she is trying "too hard" to mix salty/sweet/sour.
Still, the atmosphere, especially dim lighting somehow boosts the quality perception of the food.
Bear in mind that I went around 18:00 so the service was just starting so my experience might be unrepresentative.

