When it came time to get another cat after our eldest feline had died, we went to the Dog and Cat home.
We found them very picky and because I hadn't brought my husband (I was there with my daughter) they wouldn't let us have one.
The Kennel maid suggested Lothian Cat Rescue, so we went along with heavy hearts, preparing for another disappointment.
We couldn't have been more wrong, the lady there was fabulous.
She knew loads about the cats, and helped us choose one that would get on with our remaining cat.
For £40 our new cat had been neutered and chipped.
We all get on fine and I would reccomend this orgainsation to anyone looking for a new pet.

I currently cohabitate my flat with a lovely cat called Pandora.
I owe it all to Lothian Cat Rescue.
Situated just outside of town in Bonnyrigg  Lothian Cat Rescue runs a substantial service for rescuing kittens and older cats from unsafe or abusive environments, and does its very best to rehouse them.
Lothian Cat Rescue is a charity and is run by volunteers.
They have a small charity shop on Easter Road near Leith Walk in Edinburgh which hopefully raises a small amount for the ever costly upkeep.
They do charge a small amount for rehousing but this is a more of a gesture to show you care enough and can afford to take care of the animal.
Before visiting you should call them up, tell them what you're looking for (e.g.
older cat, a cat that gets on with children etc.
) They will ask you to come in and view the cats which are all housed in pens and receive regular daily attention.
The staff will ask you questions about where you live and what your environment is like, this can seem a bit interrogation like, but I really respect the care and consideration they take into the future of their temporary guests.
My girlfriend actually volunteers here, and can say from experience what a great service they provide behind the scenes.
The regular feeding, attention, vet visits etc., which all come out of the rescue centre's pocket.
They receive cats constantly, and there is a high turn around (they do their utmost to never put a cat down) yet they still offer very considerate attention to each individual.
I really respect any people or organisation that goes out of its way to help animals, especially volunteers.
So often, these charities face funding problems and are less well received than more "vital charities".
Being a big cat fan aside, I have to disagree and think this job is just as necessary!
Keep up the good work Lothian Cat Rescue!

I have the pleasure of being well acquainted with a rescue cat named Thomas, who as well a being exceptionally long and sleek, is also the friendliest and most gentle four-legged friend you could hope to meet.
He's currently sitting next to me, snoring his head off.
I defy anyone not to get a tear in their eye as they look at all the rescued cats in their pens.
Its' nice to see that there are still people who will give up their time, free of charge, to give these little animals as good a life as possible.

