I walk past the Thai Lemongrass restaurant in Bruntsfield quite a lot and although I am a big fan of Thai food, I had never actually had a meal there.
My Edinburgh Thai restaurant of choice is the Thai Orchid on Johnston Terrace and it's so good that I've never needed to get my fix from anywhere else.
I thought I should give this place a chance though, just in case I was missing out on something.
The restaurant is nicely lit and tastefully decorated, I'd describe it as understated Eastern: the walls are a gold colour and there's some bamboo and a tasteful Buddha.
These are nice surroundings in which to have a meal, but there are no discerning features to speak of.
The service was very professional, I wouldn't describe it as friendly, but it was certainly efficient.
The food was brought out in a timely manner and there was always a waiter on hand to replenish drinks and clear away plates.
The food itself was nice enough, but there was nothing that particularly stood out and I was intensely disappointed by the lack of Som Tam on the menu (this should be an obligatory item in every Thai restaurant).
The real shock of the evening came when we were presented with the bill - £70!
This seemed to be a little steep for dinner for two with one bottle of wine, our meal was nice, but I would normally expect a bit more for that sort of price.

A great place to cut your teeth if you've never tried Thai before (although I can't imagine many people not having tried something).
This place seems to trying to sway you towards a buffet rather than giving you things straight off the menu.
My waitress seemed very adamant that we give that a try, almost like her life depended on it.
I understood as soon as I got the bill, £21 a head.
The buffet was good, but I certainly didn't eat £21 worth.

The Thai Lemongrass is a family run restaurant and has a very authentic Thai feel to it.
The staff wear traditional Thai clothing and the decor inside is very oriental.
There is a wide range of Thai dishes on the menu, with a substantial vegetarian section.
They offer Thai Banquets, which have a set menu with a wide range of dishes on offer, and for a two course meal it costs £20 per person, not including drinks or desert.
I came here as a student with a friend and we were quite taken aback at the rather steep prices as we assumed that because the restaurant was in a student area, it would be relatively cheap.
The meal itself was very tasty, I had the chicken in a red curry sauce and it was lovely and spicy, and I found the service attentive.
I have not been back since purely because of the expensive nature of their menu but I would like to eat there again as the meal was very tasty, just maybe not at those prices.

Meh.
I've experienced better 'tis a pretty good summary...thanks yelp!!
The food was well cooked and tasted ok.
But having recently got quite in to Thai food was disappointed as it was all a bit plain!!
The service was efficient but not very friendly (well one oder watiress woman was sweet) but the way they practically bullied us into odering alcohol was a bit unprofessional...when we said no, they looked bitterly disappointed!

I'll admit that my only experience eating here was after an after work drinks session which involved students groping my bum.
So, I maaaaaaaay have had a few too many to be able to properly comment on the quality of the food.
That being said, I was starving and tipsy and in the kind of state where a kebab would have gone down like a Michelin starred meal, and I still will wasn't impressed with the food.
When we arrived, the restaurant was packed and we were led to a small convenient waiting area and brought drinks to tide us over.
This was a good touch.
When we were seated, we decided to go for a fixed three course menu.
I ordered prawns for my main and they were over cooked and rubbery, almost inedibly spicy, and not cleaned properly.
I have been really really really anal about prawns being properly cleaned ever since I was about 10 and my brothers explained that when my mum was de-veining the prawns, she was removing the poop shoot.
I am always always surprised and put off whenever I order prawns in a restaurant and they've not taken the time to do this, and I end up with gritty prawn poo in my dish.
Ok I know I'm kind of extreme with this, but, well, ew.
I think that, expecially for the cost of the food here, this is not a good representation of just how brilliant Thai food can be.

I went here on a Thursday evening on a date and I really enjoyed it.
It was awfully quiet so I can't really comment on the atmosphere, otherwise I would have rated it a bit higher.
The portions are mahoosive, especially the starters and I had prawn fishcakes then a prawn noodle dish and both were lovely - really fresh, filling and well-presented.
My date and I had to stifle a laugh when his sea bass was brought out, it was complete with cripsy head and tail.
Nothing like chomping at something that still has its face in tact.
They even offered to box up the leftovers for him.
A crispy fish head doesn't quite have the same appeal as cold leftover pizza of a morning.
The staff were also great, really attentive without rushing us or being irritating.
Random comment - I also really liked the cutlery.
And the fish tank built into the wall above the door to the loos.

Yum!!!
This place serves up reliably delicious authentic Thai food for a decent price with quality service.
It is fast becoming my favourite restaurant.
The staff are looking to please (perhaps a little too keen to take your order?
) but not invasive or overbearing in their presence.
They are very friendly, and are happy to bring an extra plate of prawn-crackers while you chat away with your fellow diners or mull over the menu.
As mentioned in my opening line, the food is delicious!
I've sampled a reasonable spread in the menu and have not yet been disappointed.
Very tasty, but not too salty or over seasoned.
yum!
The wine list is good, but only one wine of each colour comes by the glass.
Dinner for two, complete with bottle of wine, shared starter, two mains and two bowls of rice for approx £45.

Although they had some lovely starters, I wasn't blown away by the meal.
It was very standard Thai food, which is what you can expect for the most part.
But the prices were substantial, myself and my 5 year old son somehow managed a bill over £30.
I went here of a very quiet Saturday early evening, I think they had just opened for tea time.
It was absolutely dead, I think there was myself and another couple in the entire restaurant.
The service was very considerate and attentive I couldn't fault them for that.
Although with only 2 tables filled how else could they be.
The food was definitely fresh and plentiful.
Although in comparison to some other Thai places I have been to in the city, not a scratch on them.
Overall, it was just OK

This is a loverly little Thai place, just off the Meadows in Edinburgh.
I was starving the other night and in desperate search of food when I (happily)  stumbled across this place.
In a rush to fill my rumbling stomach, I boringly opted for a vegetable Thai Green Curry.
It arrived so quickly and I could smell the fantastic aromas coming off the plate.
The food looked really appealing and so I eagerly dove in to get started.
That's when I saw it.
Slimy, beige tofu lurking in amongst the vegetables.
My heart sunk a little bit as this point.
I hate tofu - always have and probably always will.
It's just weird, to be honest, and not something I especially look forward to eating.
That being said, I did try a piece, in the hope that I would magically be converted to a tofu-lover.
No such luck.
Now, I realise wholeheartedly that I cannot fault this place for serving me tofu that tasted like tofu - that would be crazy!
I'm sure that in my desperation I completely missed the mention of it on the menu, so it was most likely my own fault, but I'm just putting it out there, to other tofu-haters: beware!
If you don't like tofu, don't order tofu!
:p  That being said, once I had carefully separated the tofu from the rest of the dish (trying desperately not to be spotted by the staff and be coined as that annoying, picky customer that everyone hates) the meal was really good!
Just the right amount of spicy and nice flavours to top it off.
It was pretty much your standard nice Thai curry.
No real wow-factor, but a very satisfying meal nonetheless.
The atmosphere of the place is great too and the staff were really lovely!
I'd definitely go back here.
Maybe next time I'll simply avoid the tofu!

