I've recommended many a travelling friend to stay here on numerous occasions and overall, I've heard nothing but positive comments.
The fresh licks of paint and general clean aura all get the thumbs up, alongside some helpful and chilled staff.
One minor problem, so I've been told, is the lack of Wifi and painfully slow on site internet slightly hamper any chance of labelling this hostel as amazing.
Nonetheless, there's so many additional features such as cheap breakfasts, free storage lockers, hot showers and a swanky 'chill' lounge.
These easily make up for the above niggle.
Oh, and it's location is a massive bonus, only a stones throw from the train station, the castle and Princes St.

Originally, this place got a 4* rating from me, when I first stayed here as a 20 yr old.
However, it became a 3* rating after trying to stay here again this past January.
When I first stayed here, I thought this place was one of the best hostels I've been in in Europe.
Clean common areas.
Clean rooms.
Pretty clean bathrooms.
The cleaning lady came in religiously everyday to clean all rooms.
I stayed in a mixed 6-person room.
If I recall correctly, they have this locker-type thing to put your belongings in.
Which was also great.
The staff was pretty friendly, although I didn't interact with them much.
I went to school a few hours away in Lancaster, so I wasn't too clueless about being in the UK.
What really makes this hostel stand out in my mind from the others, is their bar downstairs.
It's a slightly small, cozy little bar.
Where the clientele is mainly the backpackers staying upstairs.
What a great way to make even more money!
It's great, because, aside from the common room, where people can be super quiet/awkward, you can also chat up people from all over at this bar.
When inhibitions are lowered with every sip of your (insert drink here).
They had drink specials too.
We met a group of guys who had their 'reunion' with their uni friends at that bar every year.
They bought us about 20 shots called "cock-sucking cowboys".
it was this crazy yellow viscuous thing.
And pretty gross and sickly sweet.
Needless to say, I did not leave my bed to see any sights the next day.
Now, years later, i had fond memories of Edinburgh (minus the cock-sucking cowboy shots), and Budget Backpackers Hostel.
So even though I had more money than I did as a uni student, I wanted to stay here again to relive it all.
Sadly, they told us that they were filling up there rooms and a mixed room would have costed us 50% more than a normal hotel.
Which was kind of ridiculous.
They wouldn't bend at all.
So we end up at a really nice hotel instead for less money, with 2 beds and our own bathroom.
The bar was still great though.
We went on New year's eve, and it was a hoot.
They had a live band.
And the same kind of mixed crowd (travellers and scots).
One group of scottish boys wore kilts in freezing weather with no underwear!
They also tried to get us to put our hands underneath their kilts.....my friend did it, which is how we knew they didnt wear any pants.

I LOVE this hostel.
It is so fun and lively.
The staff orchestrates daily walking tours and nightly pub crawls.
There is a cute little cafe to order food in, lots of comfy sofas to hang out around and meet the other patrons.
The location is ideal, right in the old town part of Edinburgh.
For all the Harry Potter fans, you will enjoy it immensely as it is close to all the hot spots for JK Rowling while she was writing the books.
Interestingly 90% of the staff are rowdy Australians.
They are committed to ensuring the guests enjoy themselves and experience Edinburgh the right way.
Be prepared for it being very loud, though..So if you are looking for a nice quiet hostel go another direction.

I LOVE this hostel!
Its so clean, fresh and friendly...not to mention cheap.
Showers are free and clean linen are provided upon arrival.
Its in a nice central location and its so lively and bubbly :) the staff are really lovely and easy to approach, giving you all sorts of advice and are great for a general natter.
There is no lift, so be prepared to carry your stuff up a few flights of stairs (depending on where your put!!
)   Theres a lovely sitting area with a TV and pool table, BBP also provide breakfast but me and my friends were out before breakfast and usually ate out anyway so that wasnt a problem.
You also get a locker each in your room for all your stuff :)   Ive been to Edinburgh a few times and we've always used this hostel.
If your not  bothered about sharing your room with strangers (but thats kind of normal for hostels!!
), and just to use it for a base, its fantastic!
I would happily pay more to stay here.
It is to say that rooms start from £7 per night, but thats for a 12 dorm shared and the prices go up a few quid the less beds there are in the dorms.
We normally stay in a 6-shared which is lovely and is only about £12 a night which i don't mind paying compared to the £40+ a night you'd be looking at paying for a hotel in the same location.
Wifi can be a bit sketchy, but if your only using it for somewhere to sleep then its not much of a problem, as most places out of the hostel have wifi anyway.
We didnt even think about it, and if you HAVE to use the internet, theres computers in the lobby that can be used for something like £1 for 30mins.
My advice: Stay here, its lovely :) I would highly reccomend it to anyone.

We stayed for one Saturday night.
That was probably the appropriate amount of time to stay, because I never really did feel settled in.
The people at the front desk were nice, but were almost trying too hard to sound American if you know what I mean.
The hostel has its own bar with decently priced beers (£2 for a Tiger) and a good breakfast complete with haggis.
They also had laundry facilities on site.
It cost £1 for the dryer, which doesnt sound bad but we needed to put our clothes through twice to get them dry and it wasn't even a quarter full (we only put in what we were wearing as they had gotten soaked in the rain).
Also, it was really loud outside on a Saturday night.
Overally, it was good enough especially for the cheap price.

For the price, this place is definitely worth it!
I was there for 1 night and stayed in a 4 bed room, so I don't know anything about the massive rooms.
I will say though, when coming home drunk in the middle of the night, I had trouble finding my room.
So many doors and hallways and twists and turns.
Very confusing when all I want to do after my kebab is pass out.
But the bed was comfy, the duvet was lovely, and I liked the lockers and the little shelf each bed had with a small light.
The only negative for the room was that there was no mirror so I had to get ready entirely in the communal bathroom around the corner.
Not very important, just a minor inconvenience.
The bar was great, had dirt cheap shots with even dirtier names.
I would give you some examples, but I think I had too many of them that night to remember.
I had already lived in edinburgh for a year so didn't need the free walking tour but it was really nice to offer that everyday for people who didn't know the city.
If I come back and need to book a hostel I will definitely come here!

I stayed here for one night before heading to explore the highlands and it was a great choice.
The room that I was in was a four bed and it seemed huge.
I have been in hostels in the past that you seemed to be on top of the other people but that was not the case here.
The staff at the front desk are also really great!
When checking in they gave me the rundown of where everything is located to if I need a lock they have them.
After I got settled I went and asked where I could get some good food and they sent my down the street to a bunch of places to choose from.
Super nice people made a normal hostel into a great one!

There are many backpacking hostels in Edinburgh and each has its plus and minus points.
This was my first stay at Budget Backpackers and I kinda knew what to expect from reviews and the hostel's city location.
I expected a big and busy hostel with lots of migrant workers and that turned out to be the case.
There are many Spanish migrants here due to massive unemployment in that country and many are permanently resident at the hostel.
A visit to the hostel's kitchen with all the food boxes says it all.
Despite the commercial undercurrent of the hostel I found this hostel to be very well run by nice 'can do' people.
There is a definite buzz about the place which is likely to suit the younger visitor, those looking for a quite hostel for chilling out should look elsewhere.
The hostel has a backpacking  theme with various graphics and photos on the reception wall and throughout the hostel.
Beyond the reception is a combined bar and restaurant with a widescreen wall mounted tv where you can buy breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Later in the evening guests gather at the bar for drinks and there is a pub crawl if you're into such things.
The dorms were clean, the beds comfortable with firm mattresses which suits my bad back, plenty of space and lockers provided but you do need your own padlock whereas the lockers in some hostels have key lockers.
You can buy padlocks at the reception desk but you probably have one chucking about at home you could bring along.
One downside of lockers which require a padlock is that the use of a padlock tends to indicate something valuable inside the locker, whereas key lockers are all the same and so your locker doesn't stand out as something with valuable equipment inside.
In saying that I haven't found any issues with security, bearing in mind the dorms are security keyed but it could be possible for someone staying in a dorm to lever open a locker and then scarper with the swag, after all it is only £10 or £11 per night, then flog the stuff at Cash Convertors, but there is a fully secure luggage room at this hostel which is locked and camera monitored should you require greater levels of security for your stuff.
The showers were clean, spacious and worked well with plenty of hot water which runs contrary to the experiences of previous visitors but perhaps this is something they have sorted out in recent months.
The kitchen I found to be ok, if it had been better I may have given a full 5 stars but again it was really busy, utensils were scattered around and couldn't find a working tin opener, but this is largely due to the intensive daily use the kitchen gets from the migrant workers, all of whom need the kitchen to keep personal daily living costs down.
But a lot of guests stayed clear of the kitchen because it's total bedlam in there.
The central location of the hostel is good for visiting the local city attractions but this makes car access more difficult so you have to park further out and then carry your stuff to the hostel.
Some hostels further out you can park outside for a while which makes taking your stuff in much easier.
In conclusion I would be happy to recommend this hostel.
Some of the older problems pointed out by other reviewers appear to have been ironed out.
I liked the humorous themed bar which looks like an old VW camper van, the friendly staff, the showers and smaller dorms.
A guest did show me inside the larger dorms which looked like the inside of a concentration camp so I would recommend paying a couple of pounds extra to stay in a much smaller 12 bed dorm.

