I hadn't heard good things about Kleen Cleaners but I desperately need a jacket cleaned.
I was nervous about going here but, based on my need and it's convenient location, I decided to give it a go anyway.
When I walked in, the place wreaked of stale cigarette smoke.
The whole reason I wanted to come here was for the jacket to be cleaned and smell nice!
I ended up leaving and will have to find somewhere else.

The staff at Kleen Cleaners really went above and beyond and did an amazing job with all of the dry cleaning for Lyststrata: The Disco Vaudeville Rock & Roll Musical  We had everything from Gowns to Kilts to "normal clothes" and they handled it all beautifully!
Highly recomended for all the Fringe shows!
They will totally work with you on a quick turn-about!!

I arrived in the afternoon of the last Saturday of the Fringe Festival to attend a wedding on Monday only to discover that my silk dress was hopelessly rumpled in my suitcase.
Not wanting to risk ironing it, I frantically searched for a dry cleaners.
I brought the dress into Kleen Cleaners and explained.
Unfortunately, they are closed on Sundays, and the wedding is at 10am on Monday!
The owner immediately said, "can you wait a few minutes?
I'll just press it now.
A wedding is much more important!
" And five minutes later, my dress safely in hand and looking beautiful, I was set!
She refused to charge extra for the rush job, although I was more than willing to pay it.
Short version?
Any business that considers the things most important to their clients like that is going to do well.

I bought a lovely second hand rabbit fur jacket from a shop in London and took it to a shop who send items to kleen Cleaners.
My jacket was obviously old but in beautiful condition.
It was lovely, but needed freshening up.
I was informed that It would have a sensitive clean, as it was second hand.
When I picked it up at the designated shop, the jacket was ruined.
It was a brown, shiney fur when I sent it away.
When I got it back, there were parts that were bleached and fluffy (like a cheap fluffy toy) , and it also had several bald patches and a couple of areas that looked like it had been hacked away at with a wire brush.
I immediately phoned them and I complained, and was told that as it was old, they couldn't do anything about it.
The owner didn't even know who cleaned it at the store, as there was no quality control done before it was sent back out to me.
I also had to wait several days more that I was told as two of their machines had broken down, which shows you how old their equipment must be.
The jacket stank of detergent and actually made everyone's eyes sting in the flat, which tells you how strong the cleaner was.
I paid for a jacket that I cannot actually wear.
I wish I had just left it and walked away.

Hi Yasmina I think that I need to reply to your comments, as we had already discussed these issues, and what you have said is not entirely true.
Firstly, I had to work on Saturday, and left a message to inform you that I was unable to pop in with the jacket.
Secondly, when I initially phoned to ask you if you cleaned Coney Fur jackets, your assistant said yes, and after mentioning that it was second hand (bought for £100 in London from a fur dealer), your assistant said that you would therefore put it in for a delicate clean, as it was old.
At no time were the risks mentioned to me - ie, balding, etc.
if she had said that, I would have thought again about giving it to you, and I wouldn't have been so shocked when I saw the jacket after it had been cleaned.
Also, as I was handing it into a shop to be passed on,  none of these risks would have been mentioned there, and it was only the fact that I called your shop to check first, that you knew I was handing a fur in.
The main issue I have with this matter is that there was no quality control.
You said that you had four furs in that day, but you couldn't say what condition any of them were in.
That means that you didn't check the quality and condition of my jacket beforehand, and therefore cannot now tell me what your washing technique has done to my once beautiful jacket.
Surely you should do this type of checking for your own records, if not for your customers?
I said that I would let you know if I could make this Thursday, assuming you were going to be in the shop.
I hope to be there around 3ish.
If you are going to be out  please let me know.
Regards, Ali

I won a voucher for cleaning there, so I went to see about my winter coat and there were room for a shawl too.
As it happened I also brought a shirt.
At first I only brought the coat, so when I came back with the other pieces picking up the coat, I obviously confused the place......a lot...... Got my coat and it hadn't been de-fluffed though I was told it was.
But they fixed it and usually it would have cost me extra, so very happy about that.
Shawl I was warned could come back with holes once cleaned, but luckily it didn't - and why would it indeed have?
It had none going in.
Finally my less than white shirt came back white enough for another few wears, so for a "pink" shirt the cost was well worth it.
I'd go again, but be more careful about my receipts and not confuse them, as I spent far too long in the shop over 3 visits necessary.

