This is the second time I've stayed at this Marriott hotel in Edingburgh, Scotland.
The first time being about 2 years ago.
I would have given this hotel 4-5 stars because of its's pros (as I will discuss below).
However, during this stay, I've had a few cons which made me drop the rating down to just 3 stars.
Pros: -this hotel has a clean bathroom!!!
One of the cleanest ones I've had compared to the many different hotels of comparable levels I've stayed at.
My biggest thing for a hotel is bathroom, and it's disgusting to me when the floor of the tub is basically black.
Here, it looks like they continually bleach it because the tub is white!
Everything about the bathroom is clean, and they clean it up nicely every day.
-The location of the hotel.
Right in front of the hotel is the bus stop which takes you straight to city center for just 1 pound 20 pence each way!
It's really convenient because parking at the city center is extremely difficult and I've learned it's always easiest to just take the bus.
It's about a 30 minute ride, and if you take the bus 100 (airlink), there are minimal stops.
-the staffs are really really nice.
The overall building is very clean.
Cons -restaurant and in room dining food sucks.
But, tha'ts the UK, so I don't really hold them against them.
If you order room service, even during their peak times, they are pretty good at bringing up the food to you in a timely manner.
In fact, if it's not there in 45 minutes, the meal is free.
-the bed this time is ridiculous!
the bed is CLEARLY worn, because you can see that clearly it sags in the middle of the bed.
I swear, I can feel the mattress springs popping up and pushing in all parts of my back each time I lay down :( There's a mattress pad, but even that is completely war (except at the corners of the bed where it's extremely comfortable).
I've tried both sides of the beds, and both sides are clearly worn.
I've resorted to quadruple folding the comforter and laying on top of it to create a soft enough cover so that I do not feel springs popping into my back.
-the internet costs an arm and a leg, yet it keeps going out!
Yesterday night and tonight...for long long periods (hours) and yet, it costs 75 pounds for a week of service or 15 pounds a day!
-the tv is lacking in the size and quality department.
and tv stations suck (just a few locals) but this i can overlook as well.
I do like this hotel.
Maybe it was unfortunate luck that I got the worse bed imaginable.
Hopefully next time I come back, I can up this rating to 4 stars.
And of course, I'm up at 3 am posting a review because I seem to never be able to adjust to the times when I go abroad.

I am American borne and raised in Edinburgh and when we travel to Scotland my American wife is always happy at the Marriott, closest thing you will get to US quality.
Stayed here 4 times.
I really don't like the fact that Internet is $35 a day/ give me a break!
Other than that pretty good  access to airport and in a good part of town, all buses take you right in Princes St.  My tip... move into the 1990s time for free Internet!!!

As a Platinum level member of Marriott's frequent flier program, I've stayed in several Marriott properties in the UK and in the US.
This one in Edinburgh perfectly hits the formula for a full service Marriott: room service, restaurant, bar, executive lounge, etc.
My room (I'm not sure if I was upgraded) was quite nice with a comfortable King-size bed, work desk with chair, two lounge chairs, a large flat screen TV and in the cabinets, a mini-fridge and a coffee/tea service tray.
The bathroom was well stocked and good sized with that super curved shower curtain rail I keep meaning to get for my own home.
The room was quiet and clean with little noise from the neighbors or the hallway.
I wasn't facing the parking lot (free parking) but the grassy area was host to a colony of at least 10 or 20 of the cutest bunny rabbits that were munching away on who knows what.
Other than the parking and the coffee service, not much else is free here.
Some hotels have a "welcome" bottle of water waiting.
This one did not.
Some hotels offer free Internet.
This one does not in a big way.
Fortunately, I have a WWAN dongle so I don't need their bandwidth at £6 for an hour or £15 for a day (about $10 / $25).
All told, a comfortable stay that's close to the airport.
If you don't have a car and wish to visit Edinburgh's sites, there is a bus stop just across the road and you can be in the city centre in less than a half hour.

This is an average Marriott property.
Breakfast buffet very nice,  workout room well appointed, employees helpful.
However, bed not at all comfortable, internet VERY SLOW- ripoff for $35!!
We thought the location was a little removed for sightseeing.
They don't have a store for essentials either... have to walk across the street to gas station store.
Granted, it does offer US-like amenities in the room (like washcloths!
) Would not stay there again- we were on a Trafalgar Tour, so we had no choice.

Rooms are somewhat tired however it is handy for the airport.
Not anything within walking distance but bus stop is close by and parking was free

