If you wish to stay in a castle rich in history, then Dalhousie Castle at Bonnyrigg, alongside the River South Esk in the rolling Midlothian countryside makes a fabulous choice.
Dating back to the 13th century and built by the Ramsays of Dalhousie, 'tis a way to travel back in time and touch base with King Edward 1, (Edward Longshanks)  who stayed here before going to Falkirk to defeat William Wallace.
You will be fascinated by the narrow spiral staircase dropping down from the first floor to the top of the forbidding bottle dungeon.
From here prisoners were dropped by ropes into the ten foot square windowless dungeon and their chilling scoremarks can still be seen in the stonework!
The rooms at Dalhousie are historically themed and you can choose from the de Ramseia Suite, originally the well guardroom, now carefully restored with polished wooden floors and medieval style furniture.
The Cockpen Room with glorious views over rolling parkland towards the distant  Lammermuir Hills.
There is the Sir Walter Scott Room festooned with artefacts from his visits to the Castle in the early 19th century.
The Sir William Wallace Room leads to the Castle battlements whilst the Robert the Bruce Room, richly decorated with a dramatically canopied King Size bed, will enable you to relive times fraught with danger and intrigue.
Much has been done to bring the Castle to its former glory whilst providing the comforts of living in the 20th century and Neville Petts, director and general manager, has been instrumental in this monumental  restoration.
He and his attentive staff, especially Castle Steward Pipe Sergeant Andrew Sharp, who plays the Pipes at the many receptions that take place in the Castle and leads a fascinating historical tour, offer incomparable service to make your visit a truly memorable one.
I think any time is a great time to stay and enjoy the Scottish Banquets which are held in traditional style at Dalhousie  in the richly converted ancient barrel-vaulted dungeons.
A typical "Ramsay" Scottish Banquet Menu is Finnan Haddock Pate to start, then locally produced Haggis accompanied by Clapshot,  prime Scottish Sirloin of Beef  complimented by  a green peppercorn and mustard sauce with selection of seasonal vegetables.
Other Scottish fare comprises Soup of Leek and Pear flavoured with Stilton cheese and double cream, Roast Haunch of Highland Venison with Port wine and Black Cherry sauce or Loin of Border Lamb (this time bought, not stolen by marauders over the Border!
) cooked pink, enhanced with a Heather Honey and Raspberry reduction.
Again, the joys of Scottish cuisine with its French influence for during the 15th and 16th centuries these two countries had long established friendships.
Scotland is a place for all seasons, all reasons.
There are hotels and hostels, bed and breakfasts - prices in all ranges.
Even if you do not wish to drive on the right side of the road, you can travel by  train or bus, frequent schedules make journeying very easy and accessible.
You can fish, play golf or be the quintessential traveller and explore the highways and byways of this truly exquisite land, a  land containing more history per square mile than most  entire countries.
Visit Culloden where Bonnie Prince Charlie took stand and his loyal followers were massacred by the English army in 1746.
A hush still lies over this area and you may feel the prickling of hair on your arms as you walk by stones marking the spots where each Heeland Clan fell that day.
Loch Ness invites you to meet the monster or visit Cawdor Castle, the most romantic castle in the Highlands where fine collections of paintings can be viewed.
Culture, history, nature and so much more abound in this country but don't take my word for it, find out for yourselves, you will be well pleased!

This place is AMAZING... Great staff, very accommodating.
We had a great time.
Make sure you ask to see the real dungeon (not the restaurant) and ask about the ghost of Lady Catherine.
I would definately stay there again.

We stayed here because we did the Falconry Experience (which was FANTASTIC and I highly recommend) and I was a little underwhelmed.
While the castle outside and common areas were beautiful, the rooms and some of the services left something to be desired.
While the rooms were huge they were very dated (not castle dated) and carpet and walls needed some remodeling.
Some other things that rub us the wrong way:  Restaurant closed early due to a large group coming in.
Well really how was that our fault, we were guests too!
Do you know how hard it was to find food in a tiny village in Scotland on a Sunday - next to impossible.
Also, we were so excited to use the spa, but when we went downstairs we were told it closed early.
When we asked about the posted closing time they simply stated we decided to close early.
It was very frustrating as a guest to have them close things on a whim and really felt like we did not get my moneys worth at all!
The reason I gave this place 3 stars at all was for the Falconry.
I suggest you partake in that and then go find another place to stay.

Dalhousie Castle Hotel was built by Simundus de Ramesie (Simon of Ramsey) in the 13th century.
After arrival I ventured to the spa for some rest and relaxation.
Whilst there is no Swimming pool at Dalhousie there is a small "Hydro Pool", 2 Ottoman Steam Rooms (1 of which wasn't working), 2 Kniepp foot baths and a Conservatory (Which was not in the best of shape).
I found it all rather cramped.
For my evening meal, I dined in "The Orangery" restaurant (accessible via a series of almost tunnel like corridors) and my choice of starter was Haddock Kedgeree, Poached Hen's Egg with Chive Cream.
This was a beautiful dish, I was very taken by it.
My only criticism was that the portion was rather on the small side.
Quality was spot on though.
Whilst waiting for my main course I saw 3 very obvious curly black hairs that were left on the table.
I later shared this nugget of info (along with another thing or two) with the staff.
I only had to wait 45 mins (!
) for the Main course to arrive.
I chose Lightly Curried John Dory, served with cauliflower Velouté, Puy Lentils & Button Onions.
"Lightly Curried" was the right phrase to use, way, way too lightly so IMHO.
The fish was just a tad over cooked, however, not by much.
The dish overall was rather bland and two dimensional and lacked presentation.
The Sauvignon Blanc was a good pairing to the John Dory.
The room was lovely, the bed comfortable and everything was very clean and well kept.
I slept well despite certain guests running around and making an almighty din 'til way past 1am.
Breakfast was served in "The Orangery".
One had to wait to be seated and there was no real place to wait, other than to get in the way of the serving staff.
I had a selection of cold cuts, garlic ham, Smoked Chorizo & Peppered Ham along with some tasty (if young) Brie.
Following the cold cuts, I had a full Scottish Breakfast that consisted of, Poached Egg on Toast, 1 Sausage, half a Tomato, Mushrooms, 1 piece of Bacon, 1 Potato Scone, half a piece of Black Pudding & half a piece of Haggis.
This was a great, filling breakfast, all the ingredients were top notch, even if certain items were tiny.
I have to say I much preferred the Breakfast to last night's dinner.
I had 2 pieces of Wholemeal Toast with Butter and Raspberry Jam which was just great.
I asked for a Double Espresso which when finally brought to my table was stone cold.
The second one was marginally warmer.
The taste along with that of their regular coffee was, er, how does one put it delicately?
I'm sure I've tasted better at a certain fast food burger chain who I'd rather not name, but, it rhymes with McDonald's.
This place is steeped in History (do check out their website) and also has Falconry, Archery and Clay Pigeon Shooting facilities.
The ground are magnificent and very picturesque.
A lovely place, however it has it flaws.

