Ordered food from here for dinner tonight.
Well impressed.
Delivery is free when you spend over a tenner (always a nice bonus).
Pad thai was yummy and they didn't skimp on the prawns.
Malaysian curry went down a treat, grapes and pineapples adds a slight sweetness to the curry which is great for the mister who isn't always so keen on spicy food.
Massaman curry went down a treat, something slightly different to the green curry I normally order.
Both currys had plenty of protein (chicken for him, beef for me).
The vietnamese chicken wings were yummy as well.
Would definitely get food from here again!

Loved this place when it was up Marchmont way.
Felt a bit like eating exotic food in your gran's front room and you could sup on a mighty fine wine without busting the bank thanks to the BYOB arrangement.
Somewhere in the transition to the new locale it's lost a bit of it's quirkiness and I think that's a real shame.
It's still BYOB, which isn't a bad thing as the soft drinks on offer are pretty pricey.
The food is decent -  the Laksa's fragrant and cooked to order in terms of heat, and the Vietnamese Pho noodles are a real winner.
Sadly as a sit in eatery it's just lacking in any atmosphere, which is probably why on a Friday evening at 8pm we were the only people left.
There was a bit more activity on the take-away side and I really hope this part of the business takes off.
Have to say the young woman working here was lovely and and I felt sorry she wasn't kept a bit busier, if only for the opportunity of more tips.
Definitely be back, but carry out option only I think.

If I could give 0 stars I would.
I have never had to leave a restaurant half way thru dining because the food is so bad before, but that is exactly what happened here tonight.
The food was dreadful.
Really poor quality.
Felt like they just didn't care what they served up to us.
I imagine they had been to the Chinese supermarket and got some sauce packets, then went to Sainsburys and got some egg noodles, mixed them together and served.
OK yes there was some chicken which I suppose there was not much wrong with but the veg were inexcusable.
Giant chunks of boiled onion and big chunks of raw tomato have no place in a good Laksa.
You've got to really be doing something wrong when the food is managing to be both tasteless and spicy.
Avoid at all costs.
There are plenty of very good Thai places in Edinburgh, this place really needs to step it up.
They would benefit from a trip to Celadon if they want to see how to do it right!

I think A-ok summs this up as far as delivered Thai food goes.
Tuesday-Thursday they have an offer of Starter, main and a side for £10 free delivery so last night Mrs and thought Life of Pi and a Thai had to be good as it rhymed.
I went for the fish cakes and the garlic & pepper chicken with noodles, Mrs had chicken skewers with Prawn Thai Green Curry, I for sure got the better side of this deal.
Stephs curry was watery, the prawns overcooked and the rice ok, my fish cakes with dipping sauce were acceptable and my chicken was succulent and had a good hit of taste, noodles were I have to say very tasty.
I guess A-ok is really for my meal, Mrs would probably say she has had better.
All in all if you want a cheap meal its not bad but if you are looking for something really great as ever you will have to go elsewhere and pay for it.
it was half the price of the take away we had from Ruan Thai and probably as good so take from that what you will.

