Take away food that's restaurant quality.
Heres what I had.
Bruschetta with Mozzarella to start, it was Divine.
By some miracle it wasn't soggy, even on the trip home!
For mains, Rughetta & Parmagiano Pizza.
It can't tell you how nice it was, the crust was thin and the mozzarella was fresh.
I ordered the 10 inch but it was more like 14.
Amazing!
I picked up some ice cream for desert, here is my only gripe.
A 500ml tub was nearly £5.
Go to the Tesco down the street where Ben & Jerrys is usually on sale for half that.
Near Perfect!

Eatalia's is a great Italian takeaway on Leith Walk which offers good, filling and tasty portions at reasonable prices.
The service is pleasant and the place feels inviting with a well laid out menu.
They don't just do the predictable pizzas and pasta dishes, but also some fancy sounding ciabatta dishes, as well as the British classics of fish and chips and smoked sausages.
The whole concept of getting pasta from a takeaway seems kind of wierd to me, I'm sure it would be great but it's more restaurant food.
I went for their twelve inch 'hot spicy' pizza which cost about £8.50.
It was delicious (and hot) with pepperoni, spicy beef and flaming hot green chillies.
Most of the pizzas were around the £10 mark, but if they taste as good as the one I had then I whole-heartedly recommend them.
Eatalia's isn't the cheapest takeaway, yet it offers a great quality and original alternative to the other standard chippies in the area.

discovering a place nearby my flat that did good quality italian food to take away was quite a find.
luckily even though i've moved from that flat, i've never moved far from the area and still use eatalia's when i'm in need of a healthier type of take away from dinner.
i've gotten a variety of their pastas over the years and have to say that they are all good quality.
the al pomodoro with penne pasta is a favourite as it's freshy made tomato sauce with fresh basil and because there is no cheese or cream i like to think this is a fairly healthy choice.
i've also had the al sorrentino sauce with gnocchi which is very tasty but a bit heavy and something i tend to treat myself to on a rare occassion.
i had their spaghetti cabonara once and it was only ok, the sauce was lacking the taste of parmesan cheese and was rather thin.
their garlic bread is decent although i feel like it could use a bit more butter.
i can't comment on any of their other food as i've never gotten anything besides the pasta, but as they seem to do a good business with pizza and fish and chip suppers this must be of a good quality.
so why three stars, well it's the price.
when i first started going here the pasta was about £4 which was pretty reasonable since it had quality ingredients and was made fresh.
it's since gone up to over £5 with most coming in around £6 or more.
add in a few slices of garlic bread and the total dinner is about £10 which means i could probably have had the same dinner at a restaurant.
so while this place does good food, i'm not sure that it warrants the price attached.
after all this is a takeaway not a dine in restaurant, so i really feel like the prices should be more reasonable.

I'm not quite sure how to rate Eatalia's.
I feel like a 3 is generous, but 2 feels a bit mean.
I was disappointed though...
I lived opposite the wonderful, and sadly no longer existent, Marcella's in Tollcross for two years and would frequently pop by for a takeaway pasta dish which tasted wonderful and was only £3.
Last night I really wanted pasta, but was going to get back late from work with no time to cook.
How I wished for a Marcella's in Leith!
Then I remembered Eatalia's.
I'd never been but it was on my way home so thought I'd give it a go.
The plus points: Pretty good and varied menu, and the service was friendly.
Bad points..: I missed my bus because the food took longer to arrive than I'd been led to believe.
The prices are too high (£6.80 for takeaway lasagna?!).
And the food itself was really nothing to write home about.
The lasagna was disappointing - far too much mozarella on the top and far too little ragu.
And way to heavy on the oregano.
I love lasagna but I won't be ordering that again.
The garlic bread was average.
I might be back, and if so I'll try another pasta (most of which are around the £5.50 mark,  still expensive but not as bad), but only if I'm really craving pasta and have no time to cook from scratch.

