For some reason, seeing the Coyotes play inspired having ice cream afterwards.
I don't know, maybe it had something to do with being in the cold?
In the cold in Arizona at that???
You have to time it right when you come here otherwise you end up in a long line, like right after the game ends.
So I had to lick my chops for a about 10 minutes, reading the description of the Signature Apple Pie a la Coldstone while in line.
There happened to be a lot of good tippers that night cuz the girls there were singing their hearts out every time the coinage hit the tip jar.
It was nice to see happy people working there.
One of the girls even insisted on making mine and I watched her forearms flex and work like a very eager 5 year old.
I'm not the biggest Cold Stone enthusiast, but I can't say I've ever been disappointed at one.
I have to say it's pretty bitchin'.

While visiting this West-gate community here in Glendale, we felt it necessary to stop in for some Ice cream.
My dad treated, which with there prices, what a treat!
Very good ice cream, kids loved it, duh.
The whole area was really nice, Amc, the Coyote's Arena, Cardinal Stadium, and I loved all the Restaurants!
Good times.

OK, so I was really hungry when I got here, but I had one scoop of the special/pricier ice creams--a coffee flavor loaded with nuts and toffee chips and not sure what else--that was topped with some caramel sauce.
What can I say but THAT blew any diet I was on that day.
Delicious!
So damn good I wanted to lick the paper wax off the cheap cup they serve it in, but figured I'd shock the other "ladies" I was with.
I am definitely coming here again!!!
And, despite being starved throughout a movie at the half-block away AMC theatre, that one scoop with caramel sauce on top filled me up almost to the point I felt if I had gotten two scoops I might have thrown up!
Yup, this stuff is THAT rich and THAT good!!

When I think of ice cream where else can you go???
Cold Stone is the only place that has ridiculous combinations, a billion calorie shakes, too many flavors to pick from, and once you are in there you can kiss your behind goodbye....
Seriously I  workout to go here later in the week.
Worth an hour on a treadmill to eat one ice cream treat from here.

Sign up for their emails so you can get free ice cream on your birthday and throughout the year.
I love getting their creations and sharing them because they are always huge!
So much fun to watch them mix it in front of you too!

The service was bad.
very slow.
they need more people.
It appears to be in a good location.

Good service, good ice cream and no wait when I came in.
The prices are a little high, but you get a lot of ice cream.
I recommend sharing a dish if your on a date rather then ordering 2 separate ones.

