As far as i'm concerned the best ribs * chopped pork yet.
the beans are a meal in themselves with link & brisket added.
THE BRISKET is so tender & juicy with just the right amount of crunchy crust.
6 different BBQ sauces at the table.
The place is like an OLD WEST theme with wood everything.
A little wait to get in but service is super friendly and very efficient.
Been to BOTH W flamingo & N Rainbow locations at least 10 times and I would say they are ALWAYS playing their "A" game.HERE & AT At the N Rainbow location it neighbors JOE's Crab Shack and on occassion the wife & I dine @ seperate restaurants so we can enjoy our FAVORITES!!
BBQ & Alaskan King Crab!!
The ribs are always tender & juicy, the brisket,chopped pork and links are ALL top rate

I got sidetracked from my cupcake crawl with the smell of BBQ in the air and I couldn't resist a little bite to eat from Famous Dave's.
I ordered 2 meat combo Lunch special for $8-I got chopped prok & beef brisket with wilbur beans, corn on the cob and cornbread muffin.
The server was very friendly & helpful she informed me they were starting a new menu Monday & will be offering Lunch specials & BBq shrimp meals for $6.99!!!
Everything was great but the brisket was a little dry this time no matter a great meal for less than $10!
now back to my cupcakes.......

I ordered the shrimp and meat combo, which gives you two skewers of BBQ shrimp, a choice of meat, two sides, and corn on the cob.
I chose rib tips for my meat and mashed potatoes and beans for my two sides.
Everything was good except for the rib tips, which is a major part of the meal.
I found them to be mostly tough and overcooked.
I've had Famous Dave's before at the North Rainbow location and I remember enjoying it, so I'm hoping this was just a one off thing.
As it is, I can only give this place three stars.
Perhaps another meat type would be more enjoyable.

For 4 people we had the "serves 2-3 people platter" which included brisket, chicken, & ribs, beans, coleslaw, potato fries, & cornbread & still had leftovers but are glad we didn't order the "serves 6-7 people platter".
Everything was great & we got to try all of the sauces with everyone choosing their own fave, mine was the spicy one with the devil on the bottle!

Wow.
The Ultimate BBQ Burger was possibly the best burger I've eaten.
Delicious sauce (liked the Sassy one and Sweet one).
The chopped pork is great, ribs are really good (although I prefer the baby backs served at the Dave's in my CA hometown), brisket is yummy, and the best chicken fingers ever.
Cornbread muffins to die for.
The beans were pretty good.
The BBQ chicken is pretty good.
I didn't care for the catfish fingers (too lemon peppery for me) or the hot link so much.
Good onion strings and pretty good bread pudding.
My only suggestion would be for them to have better side dishes like sweet potato fries and mac & cheese.
Great service, too.

Many sauces.
Combo platter feeds more than a small family with leftovers to spare.
Riblets are a must.

2 words: Dry meat

It took me awhile to drive out here because it's so far from Green Valley.
Although I'm not a huge BBQ fan, I prefer either Memphis or Lucille's to this place.
Started the meal off with an Abita Purple Haze.
I was so psyched they had it on draft - until it arrived.
It was bright orange and nothing like an Abita Purple Haze.
Suck.
Had to send it back.
BBQ was good, not great.
Loved their variety of sauces.
I was very happy they had a slider set called the BBQ Buddies.
You get to try a mini version of all their sandwiches (hot link, chicken, pulled pork, brisket).
Awesome way to try a sampling of their menu.
Chicken was eh, but the other sandwiches were all good.
Overall not a bad place to go for some BBQ, but make the drive to Henderson for Lucille's next time instead - it's better.

I ordered take out from here and got the All American BBQ platter.
It came with beef brisket, ribs, chicken, fries, beans, cornbread, corn on the cob and mashed potatoes.
The ribs were the best meat, the beans were salty because there was too much bacon in it.
The cornbread was delicious and it was like a muffin.
I also ordered the chicken ceaser salad, and the ceaser dressing and croutons were really good.
The fries were soso.
The chicken and wild rice soup was not what i was expecting because it came creamy.

The food was not good.
The ribs were dry and the meat did not fall off the bone.
I was not impressed at all.
The servers were friendly, it didn't make up for the food.

Famous Dave's offers good bbq at a reasonable price.
They use a gas cooking method, so it is not smoked traditionally.
I have found the food and service here to be good and reliable.
Particular items I have enjoyed include the beef brisket (best thing on their menu), beans, and their desserts are very good and of a sharing size (particularly the bread pudding and the pecan pie).
Good option for a family restaurant.

Yeah, it's a chain but it's still one of the best bets for barbeque in the city.
Better, in my opinion, than Memphis Championship BBQ but not as good as Lucille's.The food is consistently good and you get plenty of it for the money.
1/2 slab of ribs, corn, cornbread, and two sides for $12.
You'll leave satisfied.
All the other menu items I've tried in the past have been solid.
On Monday's kids eat for $0.99 with the purchase of a regular entree.
The service at this location was a little slow last time we went, but usually they're pretty dependable.

I was not sure what to expect.
We had friends in town who wanted barbecue.
I am not a big barbecue fan, so I turned to Yelp.
I choose this place as the reviews were decent and i live on this side of town Also I had seen the commercial.
Well I have to say from the minute we arrived I knew I made a good choice.
The hostess was very nice.
Even though our friends had not yet arrived we were seated right away.
We ordered drinks, they kept checking back to see if we wanted appetizers or refills.
The food was good.
I am allergic to pork so I had to watch what I ordered.
My BF and myself ordered the feast for two.
It really is enough for 3 or 4.
They put the ribs on a separate platter for us.
BF said ribs were very good.
I thought the chicken was good, loved the coleslaw and fries.
The brisket was fork tender.
Our friends had ribs and really enjoyed them.
Would go back again.

People love to hate on the chains.
I remember an old school yelper used to say that a BBQ restaurant automatically sucks if all the chairs match in there.
Funny but not true.
I got the facebook coupon they were offering in the beginning of July and the ribs were great.
I think a lot of people automatically prejudge because its a chain.
Everyone would be loving this if these ribs were served on a garbage can top in someone's backyard.

I love me some good BBQ.
For a chain, Famous Dave's is some pretty awesome BBQ.
I'd rather go here then Tony Roma's or Memphis BBQ any day.
At my work, we usually do our own thing for lunch Monday-Thursday and then go to lunch together on Fridays.
This week, I got to pick where we had lunch, and I was feeling like some BBQ.
So we decided to give this Famous Dave's location a shot.
I ended up splitting the 'BBQ for 2' meal with a coworker... $19.99 and got got ribs, chicken, and brisket plus french fries and two more sides of our choice, as well as 2 cornbread muffins.
We got the baked beans and the fried pickles for our sides.
I had never had fried pickles before trying them at Famous Daves.
Wow, so good.
When the plate of food came out I tried to grab a rib with my fork and the bone fell right off the meat, back onto the plate.
I love that they have 5 different sauces on the table for us to try.
I also love that I walked out completely full with a bag full of leftovers.
Great food, great prices.

This location is seriously lacking in comparison to others (the Blue Diamond location mainly).
My boyfriend and I went here last night at 8 for dinner and it was dead.
I didn't mind too much at first because I thought we were going to be constantly checked up on because of the lack of parties there, but boy was I wrong.
We got placed in the back on the restaurant and it took the waiter 25 minutes to even realize that we were there and take our drink orders!!!
Wth?!
Also many other staff members walked right by us not asking if we were okay because I kept looking around for service.
Finally a girl that was cleaning saw us and grabbed the server right anyway.
Ugh.
We were waiting for a party so we decided to just order drinks to start.
We sat there for a good while not being checked up on, with no sauces on our table, or even asked if we wanted appetizers while we waited.
I was livid.
When the waiter finally did come back, we decided to just order before he disappeared again.
Also while we were sitting there were at least 6 staff members (the hostess included) just standing around chit-chatting in the empty area.
I noticed that the hostess was annoyed to be called to the front when patrons arrived.
When we did get our food, it was tasty as usual.
The service and professionalism was just lacking for a restaurant that was soooo empty.
We waited most of the night for any decent service and this is unacceptable because obviously the waiters/waitresses had nothing to do because they were able to be standing in the back area RIGHT BY US chit-chatting.
I must say Dave's, you either need better management at this location or to get rid of the slackers who get mad when they have to do their job (the hostess).

So, some people think a BBQ chain could'nt actually have good BBQ.
I'd have to disagree, their BBQ is pretty darn good.
The portions are very generous.
On monday's, they've been having children's menu selection for $0.99 which is perfect for the little one's.
Plus, you dont have to feel bad if they dont finish it.
My husband and I split the "que for two": chicken, 4 bones,brisket and 2 sides.
The brisket is YUM!
Chicken and Ribs are just as good!
We could not finish the meal, tastes just as good the next day too!
=D  I do have to say that this last visit the service was lacking..
I'm not completely sure if the server we happen to have was new, but she took quite some time to take our order and refill our drinks.
She actually had 2 tables leave right after ordering their drinks because of the long wait.
Otherwise she was nice and she compensated by giving my children free cornbreads to take home, nice!

Love it!
I went to Famous Dave's last night and they did NOT disappoint.
Although my order was "to go", the service was excellent.
I ordered the St. Louis Rib 'n Meat Combo and the Fried Catfish entree.
Everything was very well-seasoned and delicious.
Everything was exactly as I ordered and it came out ready to go in a very short amount of time.
Next time I will order it to eat there, but it's just as good for takeaway.
So what if it's a chain?
As long as the food and the service is great, I'll keep going back!

Famous Dave's BBQ is a chain.....that's right a chain.
They serve darn good Q. I love their sides: the creamy slaw(ummmmm), those friggin beans with bits of brisket,ribs, and links (omg).
Dave's serves great st louis style ribs, rockin hot links, and darn good bbq chicken.
I like that they have many brews on tap and that the place has raised booths.
Service is efficient and nice.
If you are in vegas like I am all the time....check out famous Dave's.

My second fav.
bbq in vegas the  first is buzz's.
FD is very consistent ,been there at least 20 x and food always good.
The ribs and brisket very tender .
Most bbq joints treat there sides like afterthoughts not FD , All the sides ive had in the past were always good.
cornbread , beans, green beans,potato salad  and cole slaw.

Bring a large appetite here because the food is a belly buster!
I ordered the half slab of st. louis style ribs combo.
The ribs were so delicious!
Also, be sure to get their famous french fries!
They too were awesome!
I'm addicted to good bbq food, so when I find a good place, I do a double take and try again to be sure.
And so, I came here again and the food was still awesome!

With company in town, we always go to dinner, this time we asked them were they wanted to go, they suggested Famous Daves.
(there's not a lot of BBQ choices in Hawaii, so family always want to eat it when in Vegas).
I had the Texas manhandler sandwich, this is a few slices of brisket, sausage and their spicy pickles.
It comes with one side and they have a new mac cheese which I wanted to try.
The sandwich is always good, the meats are consistently tender and loaded with flavor.
The mac and cheese was spicy with a little bit of jalapeno added in.
This BBQ place is pretty good, consistent and always satisfying.
Service is quick and friendly, I know I'll be back.

It's sad when we have to admit that "the best" BBQ comes from a Wisconsin chain restaurant - I mean, what the heck does Wisconsin know about BBQ?
But being "good" BBQ in Vegas is a dubious honor, when there is NO good BBQ to be found anywhere in Vegas.
Still, the food is not that bad, although the service could use some serious adjustment.

I'm normally not a big bbq fan and I'm not a big meat eater but on a rare occasion I've had a good bbq brisket sandwich or pulled pork.
I looked at their website and the prices seemed good and I loved the side dishes so I figured I'd give this place a try today for lunch, and WOW I'm glad I did :-)  I thought this place was gonna have a walk up counter to order from and then sit down wherever you want, like any other fast casual place.
But I walked in and to my surprise it's a regular full service restaurant with a host, and wait staff.
The host pointed out today's special and when the server came over, she was pleasant but that was really about it.
She wasn't rude or anything at all, but I mentioned I needed a little time to look over the menu because it was my first time here and that would be kind of a hint to her to suggest something really good or maybe tell me about the 5 bottles of sauces on my table.
I ordered the brisket basket with the mac n cheese and the baked beans.
All I can say is yum yum yum.
My food wasn't drenched in bbq sauce (which is perfect for me.
I don't mind some sauce, just not a ton) The cornbread muffin was great, so was the juicy corn cob.
I loved the 2 sides I picked.
The mac n cheese had a little spicyness to it and the beans were flavorful.
The brisket was very tender and I even tried the mustard sauce they had on the table and that was the perfect complement to the meat.
I would DEFINITELY come back again.
The only small drawback was, when I was finished I waited almost 5-7 minutes for my server to come by and bring me my check.
She was no where to be seen anywhere in the dining room.
I saw 4 other servers constantly walking around and taking care of their guests, but my server was M.I.A.
As a restaurant manager I technically hold the other servers accountable as well because no one else came by to check on me.
I always talk to my service team about always look around the dining room and help any guest in need and provide table attentiveness.
This did not happen here.
But the food was great and I will definitely go back.

I recently tried their food after hearing so much about it.
My husband who is a bbqer in his own right ranks it a 5 but I can only give it a 3.
I thought the food and portions were overall pretty good.
We ordered the feast for two which was HUGE.
The beans were goood!
as well as the other sides.
The brisket was good and ribs hmmm just ok for me.
However I did not line the sauce, I'm more of a mild sweet sauce person with absolutely not hot spices and that mustard sauce was gross.
I would go back but I definitely won't have that mustard sauce.
I didn't know it was a chain, which gives it an even higher mark.
And our waiter was very nice and attentive.
He even plugged my iPhone in at the bar :).

Awesome BBQ ribs with amazingly hot hot sauce!
You can share the largest size and on Tuesday night they are $5 of for $17.99.
The beans, slaw, corn and cornbread are great also!
Service has also been awesome two times now.
Wayne Gorsek

I am going to keep this review sweet and simple.
"Rich and sassy" sauce for me please.
Beef brisket and rib tips combo with coleslaw, bbq beans and cornbread muffin!
Sweetened iced tea  Bread Pudding!
Bread Pudding!
Bread Pudding baby!
Enough said!

Portions are large, ribs are tender, sauces are flavorful and prices are fair.
I'm not sure what else you can ask for in a BBQ joint.

I was in the flamingo /215 area when gf proclaimed it's dinner time - first thought was a burger but found out kilroys kitchen is not open ( also noticed while driving to kilroy's that joe's crap shack closed - that surprised me.
) We were then thinking bbq - i prefer Buzz but the gf wanted to give Famous Dave's " one last chance .
"   I've now been to this location two times, and the Blue Diamond spot three times.
For a "chain" the place ain't bad.
As with most bbq places, they have consistency problems - especially the brisket and pulled pork - of the 2, i favor the brisket.
The chicken is ok but truthfully, i try to avoid bbq chicken when i hit a bbq place.
I like the sauce variety, love the corn muffins and the mac and cheese works for me.
the ribs were meh , the bread pudding - love the sauce the bread is way to light for my taste - more french toast like then bread pudding.
I'll stick with Buzz but in a pinch, sure, I'll hit Famous Dave's ( even if their commercial's annoy me !

Well,  for a week I was Googling BBQ ribs, while waiting to finally get paid so I can come here and pig out for the first time.
So when I finally got there--- it was on.
I walked in, and *BAM* 20 trophies in my face from having the best BBQ.
Okay, a good reassurance.
The hostess and server was quick, friendly, attentive, and efficient.
I got to sample the different bottles of BBQ sauce with their homemade potato chips.
Loved the "Rich & Sassy" and the "Texas" sauce.
I ordered a sweet tea, and shared an order of the XXL Ribs (a slab of 12 ribs) with the mister.
For the sides, we picked cole slaw, mac n cheese, potato salad and it came with a cornbread muffin.
Mm--mmm...fall-off-the-bone, savory, and sweet.
We ordered the Famous Dave's bread pudding at the end of our meal.
(Not your average, sloppy bread pudding you see in the dessert section at a buffet).
Overall,  it was a fulfilling experience.
Great service, tasty food.
I recommend it.
**BTW,  if your name is DAVE,  you get an entree for free on August 14 for Dave's Day.

One of the best BBQ places!
Everytime we go to Vegas we have to come here.
Ribs ribs ribs, gotta get ribs.St.
Louis Ribs and Brisket is what I usually order.
They absolutely have the best cornbread too.
Huge portion at a reasonable price.
Service is excellent.

Famous Dave's lives up to their advertisement on their meats.
Tastes pretty good, & the meats just fall off the bone.
In addition, their sides are tasty.
I recommend their jalapeño macaroni & cornbread.
The place itself was built & decorated very cute!
It all plays well with the theme.
I wish I saw it get more busy because when I went, it was super slow.
Yet the service was still nice.
Make sure you go ahead & try all their interesting BBQ sauces on the table.
It can enhance your BBQ greatly.
Also, if your names Dave or like David, you get a deal.
Aren't you guys lucky?

Excellent service and best BBQ in Vegas.

I first heard about Famous Dave's on the food network challenge bbq show and so when I saw that there were multiple locations in Las Vegas, I had to try one out.
Now I've had BBQ in a lot of different places and this is more of your restaurant style BBQ than your hole in the wall joint.
For the price they charge and the amount of food they give you it is definitely worth trying out.
We got to try/sample the ribs, brisket, sausage and chicken wings.
All were well done, but the ribs were probably my favorite.
They had numerous different sauces, none that were too spicy and I like my sauces spicy so this is something they need to work on.
Overall a good place to get some BBQ at a very affordable price.

We stop here about every time we visit Vegas.
The ribs, BBQ Chicken, Chicken tenders, pulled pork were excellent as usual.

Nice BBq joint, everything tasted real good, or maybe I just love BBQ!
Special mention to the pecan pie, terrific!

Pulled pork is very tender and tasty and the cornbread melts in your mouth.
Portions are huge so go with an appetite!
always order to go so I'm not sure the dining experience, a little pricy too.

I love Dave's Q!
In search of some comfort food?
This is the place.
Bummer they stopped happy houring food.
What were you thinking Dave????

Always try to come here when we visit Vegas.
There's no real bbq places in Hawaii.
Glad my brother and sister in law introduced us to this place.
Had the St Louis rib combo w/roast chicken.
Very good, first time having the roast chicken.
Moist and tasty.

bomb ass bbq

Today was ok i think my waitress was new...food was good service couldve been better

The food is amazing and CONSISTENT at this location.
The bartender on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights is friendly and fun.
Sit at the bar and enjoy their happy hour!

Just happened to visit this location after a round of golf..Had the rib and chicken combo w/beans and coleslaw.. EVERYTHING was great..
The ribs didn't need the extra sauces, it had enough flavor by itself..
I'm glad our GPS suggested this place..I will definitely eat here again on my next visit to Las Vegas..

Let me start off by saying that I work here.. so you can either take this review as being biased or kinda like an insider view on it.
I've worked at Applebees & Buzz BBQ.. so I know how a restaurant works.
I can tell if something is iffy.
I just wanna state that this place is OBSESSED with food quality.
It's pretty insane, actually.
They throw away anything that's not used within two hours.
I was really heart broken by this.. just thinking about those delicious little yellow corn muffins not fulfilling their destiny as something yummy in someone's tummy really saddened me.
Everything here is pretty good.
If you haven't tried the Texas Manhandler sandwich (hot link & brisket) I recommend that you do.
They come served up with these hell-fire pickles that makes any sandwich mouth-watering.
(I made spam sandwich one day and ate it with some leftover pickles I had..
I ate about six of the sandwiches just because the pickles made them taste so good).
The bread pudding is amazing.
I don't even like bread pudding, but the one we have here got me craving for it ever since I first had it.
Craved it so much that I couldn't wait til the next time I went to work, so I decided to try another place's bread pudding to satisfy myself.
I took three bites but it was a no go.
So i ended up getting one of ours that same night after my shift lol.
Anyway, I just wanted to write this review because on Father's Day, I heard one of my coworker's tables complain to her about how the ribs aren't fresh and how they come out so fast because we make them ahead of time.
Pretty much all the meats here are smoked, then thrown on the grill when its ordered.
If you didn't know that.. you should have read the menu more.
The smoking part is done ahead of time, of course, but nothing is really ready to serve until it is ordered.
Everything the cooks do is in small enough batches that would be used up in an hour or two.. since like I said, we throw them out after the 2nd hour.
This place seriously serves up quality food.
It's pretty impressive, especially because it is a chain restaurant.
With over 3 years of restaurant experience, I've seen some questionable things done.
Never once have I seen anything off putting here.

Cockroach running up the wall next to us while we were dining there last night.
Waitress was extremely apologetic, but we were not comped or anything by the manager.
Not that we were expecting to be comped, it's just that it's not the way I would personally run my business.
Well they didn't catch the roach, and it didn't seem to bother the manager that much.
That said, the food was delicious.
Too bad the roach had already spoiled our appetite...can't help but wonder if there were any critters in the kitchen as well.

We often crave BBQ and this is one of our favorite places for it.
Each time we come in, the food is excellent.
My husband loves their ribs and the meat just falls off the bone.
I love the sausage and enjoy getting the fire cracker green beans.
They recently added some new sides like mac and cheese, the dinner salads look good.
We usually eat too much and end up bring some home, one thing good about that, the left overs is just as good!

Good BBQ chicken and ribs!
Fall off the bone for both and very moist and tender.
The BBQ sauces are very good, my favorites include devil's spit and texas pit.
One thing that is different in this location is that they have a lunch card that you will have a free lunch after 5 visits.
This place is not that busy anymore, was packed when it first opened.

Horrible service.
Waitress had a smoke while we waited for drink refills.
Nice!
Manager (female) clueless.
Me and my family wont return.
I ate here about a month ago and the service was lacking as well.
You will be out of business soon.

It is time for an update on this location as well that we dined at a couple of weeks ago!
The Staff of Servers is always prompt, friendly and accurate with a smile!
I like how the Manager walks around to the tables to ask how your meal is as that is a nice touch!
TIP: Sign up for the Pig club online and when you input your birth date even if has just passed you will get a complimentary meal up to $15.00 which is a buy one get one voucher emailed!
It is a great deal, I got the two meat and two sides combo platter for $15.99, you do the math!
Free is always good!
You also get other incentives like free dessert or appetizer, etc.
I am boring and always seem to order the same thing here, tender brisket, rib tips, Wilbur baked beans and coleslaw.
MMMMM yum you can never go wrong with the classics!
I do not recall our Servers name however she was really attentive and friendly!
I posted pics from my most recent visit!
Enjoy!
You can thank me later!

It been while since had my short rib action on so was looking forward too coming Famous Dave's with my sister-in-law and my nieces.
The bbq short ribs never disappoint me!
I use too be fan of Tony Roma still am but Famous Dave's took over the number one spot.
The meat is just as tender as Tony Roma but bigger cuts of ribs so get your rib on.
I really enjoy fact that get selection of sauces choose from and best of all on the table so never have ask for more sauce.
I am fan of the spicy sauce and the sweet traditional one.
I had rib tips also since went with two meat combo.
Don't order the rib tips.
I wish ordered different one they have few choices.
Also have plenty choices of sides too choose from I went with mac and cheese, and baked beans.
The mac and cheese could have been more creamier and more cheese.
Even the baked beans nothing special both were ok.
The only reason come here and excited all about the short ribs.
Oh the cornbread muffins too!
-) Other thing love!
It always nice hot out of the oven and take top bun off see steam coming out and moist on the inside.
Beautiful!
My sister-in-law ordered the soup of the day wild rice soup.
It was not very good at all.
The soup tasted bland no depth in flavor and sad.
I love the ribs have nothing but kudos.
The service not as attentive came too filling up my nieces sodas or presences during our meal.
She did look busy with few tables but really not take much effort too check in once in while.
I ask different waitress for refill soda for the girls.
It came too getting the bill again like where did she go?
Whenever need for short ribs and cornbread muffin Famous Dave's my go spot!
ONly reason not get four star two things nothing much wow factor.
The wow I do enjoy!

Great food.
You won't be disappointed.

BBQ .
mmmmm mmmmm .
good.
A little (a lot) off the strip, but pretty much worth the drive.
The food was fantastic.
Got the family meal (enough for 2/3 people) and we had to convince ourselves that we didn't NEED to finish it all.
We had:  beef brisket, BBQ pork ribs, chicken, jalapeño mac and cheese, corn bread (very good), dirty rice and corn.
I didn't care for the corn, but everything else was very good.
Our server made my experience great.
She was attentive, upbeat, knowledgable and, above all, friendly.
And, to top it off, the manager came by, thanked me and gave me a bottle of sauce with a $10 gift card.
Awesome experience!

After a long morning at The Color Run, the dynamic trio finally made it to Famous Daves BBQ.
We were immediately greeted by an insanely sweet server who went above and beyond to make sure everyone was satisfied.
While waiting for our food, our server brought us some great BBQ chips to sample different sauces (we had a toss up between sweet and spicy and devil's spit).
We ordered the onion straws for an appetizer and were not disappointed.
At our table we ordered beef brisket, pulled pork, and ribs.
The side of jalapeno mac and cheese was a hit.
All of the meats were awesome too (nothing was left but empty plates).
The ribs fell off the bone, but were almost a little too mushy.
At the end of our meal the manager came over and introduced herself.
She thanked us for visiting and gave us a free bottle of our favorite bbq sauce.
I thought this was a great way to get us to come back and a tactic that is rarely seen these days.
All in all it wasnt the absolute greatest bbq but the service made it a reason I will most likely be back for more

Good food.
Bad service.

BBQ is BBQ- This is a chain and that is what you get.
It is always good and never have to wait for a seat.
Great place to go with  family and the servers are all awesome!

Dined here late on a Sunday evening.
By the following Monday morning I was quite ill with severe nausea, cramps, headache and fever.
I am in the hospitality business and know the symptoms caused by improper food handling.
In addition on the Southern Nevada Health District website you can see deficiencies in their most recent inspection.
Contact with this chain resulted in no contact from the restaurant manager but a referral to their insurance company, who not surprisingly disagrees that I was sick.
I only gave one star because zero is not an option.

I crave their wings every so often.
They have a great crisp on the skin, and slathered with sauce.
Yum.
I used to just order wings for dinner (I'd get the two meat combo, with double wings) but I recently tried the ribs and they are quite good!
I love corn bread, so the muffin they give with every meal is always finished off.
The crisp sweet crust is perfect.
I am not a huge fan of their sides.
The green beans are from a can -yuck, the mac n cheese always kinda dry?
I dunno, I just get the apples and corn.
My boyfriend got the two meat combo last night, and the portion of meat seemed much smaller than normal.
Luckily for him, I had a rib and three wings I couldn't finish for him.
I know BBQ is by nature salty, but I was parched all night and today.
I even woke up in the middle of the night needing to refill my bedside water glass.

As far as BBQ outside of Kansas City goes, this place rocks.
Large portions, outstanding side-dishes, and several choices of sauce on the table - you won't leave here hungry!
Its obvious the cook their meats low and slow.
The ribs are tender and fall off the bone.
For sides, they offer several options, including drunken apples, Wilbur beans (which are blended with smoked pork, Texas beef brisket, hot link sausage and jalapeño peppers)  Mac & cheese, redskinned mash potatoes and their famous fries.
They also have healthier side dish options like Green beans and broccoli.
If you like spicy sauce, like I do, try the Devil's spit .
so GOOD!
I never have room for dessert, but they have some good looking sweets available.

We've gotten take out from here a couple of times and eaten there once.
Everytime the food was great!
Our dine in experience there was pleasant as well.
Never had a complaint and love their food.

Worst BBQ I've ever had...

Sometimes you need BBQ that sets your tongue ablaze with smokey deliciousness, and sometimes you want something that's more affordable but satisfying.
Famous Dave's offers both.
In a traditional wooden motif, Famous Dave's has a good affordable lunch menu, and a great array of different barbecued items to eat.
I also am a stickler for good sauce, and Famous Dave's has everything from sweet, to spicy, to even their own BBQ-style mustard that's wonderfully tangy and unique.
Whether it was the baby back ribs, the brisket, or the pulled pork, it all was spectacular, and came out quickly and efficiently.
Even the sides were great, with a mac and cheese that had the subtle crunch of peppers in it, or the cornbread that was hot, flaky, and not too sweet.
Reasonable lunch menus were nicely priced, although not as generous as the dinner platters, food-wise.

Terrible service!
The server cleared our table once the whole entire meal.
She wasn't really friendly.
A meal that should have taken 50 minutes on a not busy night took us almost 90.
We waited 25 minutes for her to pick up our check.
It then took her 10 minutes to bring it back.
She was horrible.
All of the other servers just looked at us as they walked by.
The food was decent but not great.
Onion strings in the appetizer is no good.
It was basically battered soggy onions.
I probably won't be back.

Dry meat and soggy vegetables.
Too bad.

Mmmmm yummy, my hubby Chris loves taking me here to get our fix of American barbecue in all of its glory!
No matter what we order it is always consistently good every single time as well as the great service!
We took advantage of there BBQ for two limited time promotion which included an appetizer two entrees and dessert!
The food here is very good, tasty, cooked well, generous with a lot of variety as well!
We are never let down when we come here to eat.
We like their selection of BBQ sauces on the table as well as their spicy sweet pickles!
The bread pudding is delicious as well as the brisket or pulled pork nachos!
I am spoiled by my husband and Mr.
Famous Dave himself!
Thank you!

Wonderful BBQ place, and definitely something that I didn't expect when I moved away from the South.
I personally partake in their to-go area a lot mainly because it's a lot of good southern cooking, and usually it's a pretty quick turn around.
I personally love their St. Louis style BBQ ribs, which is very succulent, and absolutely fantastic tasting.
The Famous Dave's BBQ sauce is also a lot sweeter and definitely one of the better BBQ sauces.
It's more like Kansas City and Texas, and less like the vinegary North Carolina style.
To date, we haven't had any issues with to-go, of which is definitely good since there seems to be a lot of forgetful kitchens where they forget to place items in for to-go orders.
At least in my experience.

I am not experienced with BBQ so take that into account when you read this review.
I came here yesterday for take out.
I got two dinner combos--a Georgia chopped pork with the sides of Wilbur beans and garlic red skin mashed potatoes.
The other combo was a Texas beef brisket with sides of potato salad and Dave's cheesy mac and cheese.
Both came with a corn  bread muffin.
We enjoyed the dinner, perhaps because it was a different kind of meal for us.
It was quick.
I didn't call the order in but went there and ordered at their To Go section.
The wait was about 5 minutes.
Customer service was very good and I was soon on my way.
The only thing I regret is all the plastic used for take out.
Some recyclable, some not.
I think another time, I'd just go and eat there rather than bring home so much that will end in the landfill.
I'll be back but I need to try some of the other BBQ places in town including one recommended highly by Nelson Q.
He never steers me wrong.

I've read some reviews about the bad service before I went there tonight.
All I wanna say is the service that we've received was GREAT!
And food was so delicious!
P.s.
if u have dogs at home, bring them some bones, rinse the sauce.
they will love it!

Terrible service I mean terrible didn't even refill our drinks at all and I could see the waitress flirting in the back while we were waiting to even order our food.

Service was decent.
I had one of the brisket burgers and it was good.
Fries were tasty and the variety of BBQ sauces on the table was convenient and tasty.
Cornbread muffins were delicious.
We were sat right away.
Was not very busy on a Saturday evening.

This is the standard to what i compare all other bbq.

Famous Dave's is always good when nothing else sounds good.
It isn't super fancy or special, but it gets the job done when you want some traditional American BBQ quick!
The menu is diverse and has a lot of American favorites on the menu from BBQ beef, pork, and chicken, burgers, fish options, and even salads.
My favorite items are the BBQ pulled pork and the catfish fingers.
YUMMY!
I will almost always get one or the other almost every time I visit a Famous Dave's.
Hey, I know what I like!
They also have some great side items to add to your meal.
The spicy mac n' cheese is quite a highlight and delightful, if I do say so.
The desserts here are really pretty good as well.
My favorite new dessert is the Banana Pudding dessert.
It is really, really good!
I have to admit that it is at least as good or maybe even better than my mom's Banana Pudding.
Yummy for your tummy!
I also have to give props to Famous Dave's because they have Sweet Tea!
It is so hard to find Sweet Tea out West, so whenever I do, I am all over it like white on rice.
I love me some Sweet Tea!
Yummy!
Overall, the food here is good, the service is good, and the price is low.
If you just can't decide what you want to eat, you know you can find something good at Famous Dave's.

disappointing.
brisket was dry.
mac and cheese was cold.
to be honest, little pricey for the amount of food you get

I'm not a fan of Dave.
I've gone to this location a handful of times.
I've never been too impressed.
The food is mediocre at best.
Anyone can grill/smoke meat, then slather it with BBQ sauce.
The service has always been good.
The servers are exceptional at conveying the menu.
The restaurant and bathrooms are always clean.
It's not the best BBQ, but I'd go there again!

I didn't eat at this location so I can't give 5 stars, but the staff was great.
I had some car problems and the host and Steve (mgr) went above and beyond to help.
Famous Dave's is always good food though.
Give it a shot

Place has gone downhill.
Had a salad tonight served with frozen soggy lettuce.
Beef brisket was over done, fatty and tough.
Mac and cheese was sitting a while before being served both that and the beans had that crusty top to it.
Stopped getting takeout months ago because even that got really bad.

I usually do not like barbecue plaves, but the feast for two is so delicious and it also helps that the staff is very friendly and helpful.
Definitly will be back.

I Had the "Big Slab" take out, IT SUCKED!!!
This place has gone downhill fast!
Ribs looked like dried jerky on a bone..
I'm not going back!!!!!

Famous Dave's is great!!
When I walked in I knew I was in for a treat!!
They have the best drinks there!
You have yo try their In-famous Margarita ...it has moonshine in it!!
Yes I said moonshine!
When you go you have to try the cod fish and the brisket it is so good!!
The BBQ sauces are out of this world.
Service is great and the prices are not cheap but not expensive it is a great atmosphere for fun and family will definitely be back to taste some more stuff of the menu!!!
Definitely recommend this place!!!

We ordered a take out of ribs and salmon and were very disappointing with both.
On a scale of 1-10 we gave them both a "2".
The fish was over-cooked and the ribs were tough while lacking flavor and tasted like they had been re-heated several times.
Probably the worst ribs I have ever had.
Called the next day to report to the manager and they insisted that we bring the food back in for a coupon?
I obliged and after having the manger scrounge through our eaten food while questioning why there was not more uneaten food  I decided to take a pass on the coupon.
Go across the street to Outback for better food and service.
Not recommended.

Decent BBQ food.
I love the rib here.
Catfish is pretty salty.
I've been to a few Famous Dave in a few states, same quality of food everywhere.
I would go back and forth between this and Lucille's.

Never been to Famous Dave's before and had heard good things so I tried it tonight.
Sad to say, I was brutally disappointed.
Brisket is always my go-to item at any BBQ spot, and what I received was extremely tough and fatty, and lacked any flavor.
The potato salad was too salty, and the service was slow.
This place wouldn't know real BBQ even if it was thrown at their front door.
So needless to say I don't recommend this place.

I've been to several events catered by Famous Dave's and have ventured inside the restaurant on several occasions.
I have never really been let down by Dave's, but have never really been blown away by any of the items I've eaten.
I applaud that the interior and exterior is decorated perfectly in an unabashed country backyard BBQ fashion!
Typically there is a very short wait before you are seated and the joint is pretty big and able to seat quite a large number of customers.
I have never had an issue with the service and was quite pleased with the friendliness of the staff.
The items I have had from Dave's include the brisket, ribs, jalapeno macaroni and cheese, corn bread, and I have sampled their brownies.
I thought that the brisket and ribs were Dave's strong suit as they should be at an establishment such as this.
The meat was moist and tender with just the right amount of BBQ sauce and of course if you did need more sauce, several different kind of BBQ sauce bottles are available on each table.
As for the jalapeno macaroni and cheese I have heard everyone rave about, I was not that impressed.
Don't get me wrong, it was good!
Unfortunately it was not my favorite mac n' cheese I've ever had.
The cornbread was decent and on-par with that of Cracker Barrel's, if I had to compare.
The brownies were a bit dry but did come with a bit of chocolate sauce that fell short of remedying this issue.
One item that did catch my eye on the menu were the cheesy burnt tips which I will have to come back try, so an updated review may be forthcoming in the near future!

I am not the biggest fan of BBQ, but I do have a hankering from time to time.
We were recently in the area and decided to give this place a try.
They have a number of lunch specials, as well as day of the week deals.
My mom opted for the full rack of spare ribs for $18,99 that comes with two sides and a corn muffin.
For sides we chose grilled pineapple and garlic mashed potatoes.
While we waited our server brought out their freshly made BBQ chips so we could sample all their sauces.
She went over all the flavors and we sampled them all.
Our meals arrived and the food was good.
This is one of the better chains around and I would have no reservations about returning here for another meal if I'm in the mood for more BBQ, which is usually a rare occasion.

Keep coming here ever since my cousin first took me here.
I used to be a Tony Romas fan but now I am a Famous Dave fan now.
The service is always good and the food is very tasty and delicious.
The BBQ ribs are the tastiest ribs you will ever taste including the sauces they have.
100% would recommend to my friends.

This is a great place for picking up to go items for my family.
We love their ribs.
We call ahead and the food is always ready with little wait.

I ate here yesterday and I had the meal called the feast for one.
The prices were a little high but not un usuall for a bbq resturant.
They have these spicy pickles that are really good and their coleslaw is very good too.
The service was good and the food took about 20-25 minutes

Not pleased with the wait, they had 11 open tables from where we could see and we were told it was a 20 minute wait?!?
Finally found out it was due to them having a few larger groups, so the kitchen would be backed up, with all the empty tables shouldn't that balance out the group?
Can they not handle groups?
Obviously they are not use to a crowd...

Well, quite simply the food is amazing and will leave you wanting more.
The ribs are awesome.
The BURGERS are made from brisket and yes it makes a HUGE difference is taste.
The drinks are tasty too.
The SERVICE however is lacking on some days.......hmmmmm

Came here for lunch, portions were small.
Took 20 mins to check out after eating because they were understaffed.

The food here was decent.
I liked the brisket that I got.
What really killed it for me was my server.
She was rude to me but was perfectly nice to my husband.
When I ordered  my son a fruit punch and a sundae, she seemed to get overly annoyed with me and said, 'If he has the fruit punch and sundae, he is going to be up all night.'.
I told her I really didn't care, especially because it wasn't her place to really say anything, but I ignored it.
It turns out, she got the dessert for the other two kids but didn't get him his sundae, forcing her opinion on us.
He had to sit there without his dessert while the other kids ate theirs.
I am so pissed at that server.
I wish I could get her fired for her treatment of me and my son.

Sunday, June 29, I called in a take-out.
A BBQ Chicken meal and an order of Ribs.
Well, the chicken was sooo tiny that it hardly fed one.
Plus it was very dry.
The Ribs were not much better and the two orders were 40.00.
Oh my, what has happened to Famous Dave's?
I used to really like their food‼Well, not any more‼

Everytime we come here, we always order the family feast.
The serving is overwhelming.
I love the ribs and brisket.
(the sides too!
) Can't get enough of it.
The ambiance is nice too.
I just wish the servers a little more attentive to the tables they're serving cox the last time we were there, it took a while before the waiter refilled our drinks.

Ordered 2 entrees and an appetizer.
Before we know it the entrees get served and no appetizer is in sight.
When we brought it to the servers attention, she said she would go check on it and bring it asap.
I explained to her that typically appetizers are for PRIOR to receiving your dinner not during.
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich w/ broccoli side, my husband ordered the pulled pork meal.
The pork was very dry, and the broccoli wasn't prepared properly at all.
There was no seasoning nor butter on it, just plain warm broccoli.
The service was acceptable, but the food could have been better.
Most likely will try the Memphis BBQ place next time we decide to get BBQ.
Disappointing!

