The staff at Veinity are friendly and accommodating.
The doctor took his time to explain the proceedure, and the results I can expect and I am confident that I have researched the right doctor to do the proceedure.
I will follow up with a review after the proceedure.

I've had Botox and fillers at a few different spa's and Wendy Lewis is by far the best, she is gentle and a total artist with the face!
I've been getting my injections for the past 5 years or longer from her.
I think she is so amazing at what she does because she is an esthetician and  face specialist.
We are her walking art pieces, and she wants us to look good since we do represent her!
Give her a shot....or should I say let her give you a shot ;), you will be pleasantly pleased as I am!
Sincerely,  Billie Jean Federico aquazenbodyworks.com

I love Groupon and when I saw they had one that covered spider vein treatment here, I bought it right away.
It took me a while to book the appointment because I was afraid it would hurt.
When I finally booked the appointment I regret that it took me so long to get around to it.
The doctor was friendly and explained the treatment well.
When I picked up a leaflet and asked about other procedures the doctor took me back and explained them in detail for me.
Yes, the spider vein therapy did hurt a little, and it's still healing but I think my legs look great.
I've even been to the pool and worn a short dress, things I haven't done in quite a while.
The rest of the staff is just as kind as the doctor.
They remember me even though I've only been there a couple of times and always seem happy to say hello and I've never had to wait too long to be seen.
Just the other day even though I was forty minutes early they walked me right in.
I'm looking forward to getting another vein treatment and probably will get some skin treatments as well.
I've been trying to talk some of my co-workers into coming in too.
(We are on our feet all day.
)  They have great prices for laser hair removal too.

I went back for my second procedure and waited for it to heal before I wrote again.
Again I am amazed at the results.
This time the doctor really took his time to get all the veins he could see and I had two days off of work to keep my feet up and in the pressure garments.
I think my legs look great.
Even my pedicurist  said they could see the difference.
Not one person has asked me about my "bruise" since I've healed.
There are still a few pesky ones that just didn't go away but the size and the color has been reduced quite a bit.
I think after summer is over I'll buy another treatment, because even without Groupon this is money well spent.

I went to Wendy Lewis for my first botex injection.
I was not sure what it would came out first, but after the first time and a follow up check up, I could clearly tell my face is so much slimmer now...that's exactly what I wanted.
Wendy is very nice and experienced!!
I will go to get my first jouverderm from her soon!

Not impressed at all...actually kinda disappointed with the results compare to how much it cost me :( doctor was very nice and patience with me through out the procedure though.

I had a consultation with Dr Vajtai a few months ago to address my varicose veins in both legs.
His prices were so reasonable I decided to go for it.
He was awesome and the injections were skillfully done and hardly hurt at all.
I was nervous for nothing!!
He had a great bedside manor and was so patient with my questions and nervousness.
I will have my follow up in three weeks and am excited to see the results.

