Swatch- no need for introductions, it's of course the famous swiss brand of watches.
What makes this one so special?
Well not all that much, expect for the fact that you are buying in pounds and hence probably at a higher price than say an airport somewhere.
Having said this, they do do fun watches (damn them) and they make good (but pricey) gifts to someone.
The staff here are friendly although they do have the tendency to follow you around .
I dont' think they get much custom.

Like Stephanie, I expected the watches in Swatch to be an absolute fortune so it was a nice surprise when I noticed that many of them are really very affordable indeed.
Being an absolute girl who likes cutesy things I was instantly drawn to the glass cabinet with the Hello Kitty watches inside.
They were around £30 and are really aimed at children but I really am such a kid at heart and have my very own Hello Kitty watch, even though it isn't a Swatch one.
I have to say I found some of the watches quite garish and naff, but fine if you're just looking for a watch for a bit of fun and to add some colour to an outfit.

Initially I snubbed Swatch as a rather novelty brand of watches, the tacky multicoloured watch straps you see immediately on entrance originally deterred me.
On a closer inspection I found some great designs that completely reversed my opinion.
Refreshed to see a more modestly sized watch face and a less blingy design that plague so many crap watch brands, I was pleasantly surprised by Watch's offerings.
I'm currently watch-less at the minute and plan to make have a decent rummage through Swatch's designs.
Top stuff.

Having met a couple of Swiss students at the language school where I work, I can confirm that they do tend to fit with their national stereotype of being wealthy but somewhat dull.
It's peculiar then, that in a country where having a personality makes you an outsider, one of their most famous exports is a watchmaker brand known for quirkiness and eccentricity.
I don't like watches myself as they make my wrist sweaty, but if you're partial to the odd timepiece, and don't take yourself too seriously, you'll love the bright and oddbal designs in here.

There's something about Swatch that just makes it stand out above the rest.
The quality is brilliant, it speaks for itself.
I've had 3 Swatch watches so far during my time on this planet, and I'm proud to report that every single one is still ticking nicely in my drawer.
They release new lines every summer, and some they release more often.
They are always spot-on with their styles and patterns, and always for an amazing price!
Daylight robbery?
I think so!
The staff are nice enough, but to be honest there's not much they can do to make Swatch any better!

