I had never really heard of Lime Blue until I was given a beautiful necklace for Christmas.
The necklace was really different and unusual, so I went into the shop just to see what they have.
They have a lovely selection of really different, quirky jewellery and have a modern twist on a modern piece.
Saying that, their jewellery isn't garish or over the top, it's understated and really simple.
I can't really say it has a particular style, because its style is brand new.
They don't follow the trend, they set it, man.
Their prices are a bit on the pricey side, but with each piece you get a huge elaborate box and a cloth, so you're paying around  10% for the packaging.
Take that, mother nature!

The first time I came was last year to pick out my 21st birthday present, and since then, I feel as though I have been all the time to gawp at the beautiful jewellery which they sell.
Situated on George Street, Lime Blue is in an ideal location to attract all the shoppers in the New Town area.
Lime Blue specialise in diamonds, but they also sell watches, along with gift items such as jewellery watches and pens.
They sell a gorgeous selection of wedding and diamond rings, which are so beautiful, but also very pricey with a diamond ring costing about £3,000 - but so worth it!
They sell a selection of diamond earrings, which range from a single diamond stud, to large earrings with little gems in them - amazing!
Lime Blue also sell a vast selection of diamond bracelets and necklaces, which are all gorgeous and fill me with envy every time I see them!
I can't wait until I am able to afford these beautiful pieces of jewellery - or meet someone who is willing to buy them for me!

Lime Blue is a gorgeous jewellery shop, the kind of place you would come if you were buying a really, super special piece of jewellery.
Their diamond jewellery is stunning and their engagement and wedding rings are out of this world.
They also have a great range of bracelets and jewellery for special birthday and to commemorate special anniversaries.
The jewellery is gorgeous but the layout of the shop doesn't show it at it's best, I realise that it's presented the way it is because of security reasons but the whole shop feels very linear and boring when they could dot the glass cabinets about a bit and make it a bit more funky rather than just going along a line and looking at one display after another.
For a jewellers, it's just a little bit boring.
They stock Pandora which is a bit more purse friendly and even though I can't stand Pandora, I have a lot of friends who love it and have the charm bracelets so it's excellent for gifts as you can pop in and buy charms for friends and family who have charm bracelets.

After heading into the nearby Mappin and Webb (an equally luxurious store) I felt I might as well continue my delusional shopping trip and ended up at Lime Blue.
Whereas the former store sells all sorts of jewellery, Lime Blue specialises in diamonds, which is noticeable the moment one steps in there.
I oogled their diamond and wedding rings a little longer than is healthy for someone my age!
They've been ever so kind to have rings that around £200 (how thoughtful) but ofcourse the really impressive wedding bands are around the £1000 mark.
However, it get's really pricey when you step over to the diamond rings... eeks.
Ever since a friend sat me down and guided me through the whole Tiffany ring collection, I've been put off by what I thought were garish and overpriced chunks, but I genuinely liked some of the more intricate and less noisy rings at Lime Blue.
If you check out their website, there it's also possible to buy designer watches, but as of now you can't get them at the George Street store.

