I've been to several Wal Mart's throughout the valley and this location is my favorite.
The store is bigger than all the other stores, the aisles are very wide and their products are well-stocked (many other locations run into this problem).
Everything just looks very neat and organized which makes your shopping experience much more enjoyable.

If and when I absolutely, positively have to get something from Wal-Mart, I try my best to do it at this location because it is just better than the rest.
This location is huge, usually very busy, but somehow they make it organized and backed by decent customer service.
Went in to do a return and buy some things for my pup, and there was amazingly no line for returns, and it was a very quick and easy transaction, even when one of the items did not have a receipt.
One of the main reasons I keep coming here is because they have all the necessities I need to take care of my dog on the cheap.
They have a good selection of food, treats, and they are one of the few places that don't gouge you on bags for their business.
On this particular occasion I grabbed a bunch of product and went to the register in the 20 items or less area - with no line again.
The lady who rang my items up was very friendly and the transaction was very smooth.
I spent less than 15 minutes total here which if you have been to any other Wal-Marts around trying to do the exact same thing I did, it would definitely be longer with an added amount of stress.
This location is by far the only Wal-Mart I will ever like to deal with.
Decent parking, good customer service, and the price is definitely right.

The previous reviewers weren't fooling when they said this place was huge.
Even the aisleways are nearly double the size of any other Wal-Mart where I live and this is as clean and organized a location as I've seen.
I had to see it for myself, so that's why I picked this over any of the other Wal-Marts in the Las Vegas valley.
I came here for a few odds and ends that I needed, but not at a Las Vegas hotel price and was not disappointed by the selection they had here.
An interesting thing about this location is that it's adjacent to one of the runways of the McCarran Airport, so if you'll hear the jets roaring by every so often, especially near the sporting goods area.

I use to have to stock this location when I was a merch for Coke, so was in and out all the time and saw all of everything that went on in the store.
The produce is treated poorly and left on the backroom floor, employees are rude and NOT helpful, and to top it off the store is wayyyy too busy and always overcrowded with FAR to few checklanes open.
I would stear clear of this store.

Asked a store clerk for help, SHE DIDN'T speak English!
THIS IS THE USA, United States of America.
What was even funnier is I asked her where safety pins were, she said " The Pharmacy".
WAL-MART COME ON, you are a profitable company I am sure you can find someone that understands ENGLISH.

This Walmart was very sad.
The area isn't that great (not dangerous just not super nice) and although I was able to get everything I need and not have to wait in a long line I probably wouldn't go back.
The store looked very old and definitely needs some sprucing up.

This is my location of choice in this area.
Shopped here a lot when I lived here before.
Was so happy that I didn't have to shop that dreaded Marks location anymore.
I lived in Summerlin the past two years and absolutely loved the location on Ft. Apache.
It actually made shopping Walmart a non-chore and obstacle.
Imagine a Walmart without "Walmartians".
Since moving back to this area, this is the only Walmart I'll shop unless I am near the Serene and Eastern location.
I love the selection here.
It makes me tolerate the fact that I don't have my Summerlin location anymore.
It is clean, for the most part, and has a lot of products that I love.
And the prices vary.
I have found certain items here more expensive than they were in Summerlin and things cheaper than they were in Summerlin.
I guess that goes to buying trends for each store.
The "Walmartians" are a plenty at this location!
Definitely makes this man on a mission to be in and out when I shop here.
Outside of that, I will be shopping here a lot.

Oh yeah!
I'm not going to act all excited about this particular store, but it has C'd my A many times.
It has everything I need,  24 hours per day.
Seriously from emergency in the middle of the night baby runs,  the massive grocery shopping trip, or even stocking up with guests for the EDC weekend.
This gargantuan store has just about everything one would feasibly need; 24 hours a day.

lately i'm not liking walmart's service, i think it's because the employees are not happy there, so it rubbing off on their customer, try the nearest Target, it may be 2 or 3 cents more expensive at Target, but the customer service is MUCH better than Walmart

An enormous Walmart with wide aisles and more stock than any I've been to, even the employees are friendly.
Whatever they're doing at this location needs to be exported to the spot on Charleston and Spring Mountain.

Stopped by here a while back, and it felt like I was at Target.
There was hardly any people around at all.
It was about 10pm and the place was so quiet and so very clean.
It was great to be here without crowds of people one would normally find at Walmart stores.
I do not recall if this was a supercenter branch, but I do remember it being very big.
They had what we needed, and we were in and out fairly quick.
If I were still a Walmart fan, I'd definitely return to this branch.
Nowadays, though, I no longer am a Walmart fan.
3 stars

