depends which location you go to but usually the steaks & lobster are great!
the service is good and the place is always packed with a short wait.
however last time we went the wait was nearly an hour the food took forever coming out & we ordered medium rare steak & fried shrimp.
after 40 minutes waiting for the food it was compltely raw & the shrimp was way overcooked.
we simply told the manager & left.
we did not pay & will not return to this location.

no, no, no and HELL NO.
do not eat at this location....or any outback steakhouse at all for that matter.
not my cup of tea.

I go to Outback because you know what you are going to get.
The food is good, place is clean, service is average or better.
This location meets all of the above.
2 of us went at 5pm for dinner beating the crowds.

I would have given this a one star but the staff was too nice and accomodating to do that.
The order was: Coconut Shrimp Seared Tuna Appetizer House Salad Pork Chops  The reason for the opening statement was my order was wrong.
I had ordered the pork chops and what came out was a pork tenerloin.
My GF ordered a rib eye just above medium but hers came out very well done.
The staff was very apologetic and said they would prepare us another order.
The manager on duty said we could have the tenderloin while we waited for our food but i wasn't into the glaze.
When our orders came out everything was good, although my GF's steak was butterflyed, I guess to make sure it was done according to order.
My pork chops were nice.
With the entrees aside the appetizers were done well and the bread was delicious.
Might be a while til I return.

All Outback Steakhouses are the same.
That's what they're designed to be.
But this one defies that -- all the waiters seem to smell like Nair.
Yes, Nair, the signature-smelling anti-hair product.
I am not entirely sure why our male waiter smelled like this, but it's the only product that remotely smells like Nair does.
And it was confusing and lead only to wild speculation.
Mostly it lead to not being hungry.
You're an outlier one, Outback Steakhouse #12324.
Stop smelling like Nair.

Sorry this took so long Outback.
Our last visit went much better than our previous visits.
The server was very attentive and the appetizers were great.
The appetizers were so good that they overshadowed the main courses.
Appetizer night next time.
Anyways, a star bump up for the great service.

Very Happy!
It's been years since we've been to outback.
They've completely remodeled the place looks great.
The servers were on top of there game!
Food was excellent.
All this with a party of 12..
I must say I Was impressed.. Good Job outback crew!

Once again a spendid dinner at the Outback Steakhouse.
If you want superior service Ask For Scott he is THE MAN

The first time.
I went to Outback was with my mother.
She loves their steak and we would go spend time together, eating a meal here and cztching up.
Every time I eat here I have the same thing--rack of lamb, apple chutney & a baked potato.
Outback has great service, good food and a nice atmosphere.
I love eating here for the memories & the lamb.
Sweet, succulent lamb.

got there early to try and beat the Friday rush.
We were seated immediately and the server came right over to take our order.
We ordered the Blooming Onion, as we usually do when  we are at Outback.
It came almost right away, but my daughter asked for ranch, and that took almost 5 minutes to get.
The waitress was very accommodating but ssloooooow.
Now I know everyone comes here for the steak, but I always get the coconut shrimp.
Simply the best!

The steaks were cooked to a medium rare as requested.
Good stuff.
The lobster tails were overcooked.
We mentioned it after we ate it all.
haha So the waiter gave us a free appetizer for next time.
He was attentive and the service was great.
It's Outback Steakhouse.
It was a decent meal.
Not the best steak in the world, but definitely not the worst.
We shared the Bloomin' Onion.
Love those heart attack foods!
I think I called it an Awesome Blossom which might be for Black Angus.
Not sure, but it's a deep fried onion alright.
Leaves you with the best breath ever afterward!
I forgot to eat some gum and sat down at the blackjack table a couple of hours later.
Oops!
Sorry dudes.
I probably reeked.

Cody made my visit fabulous as always!!
Ahi deliciousness and a thundah from down undah I'm a happy girl.

I come to this location weekly and it never disappoints!
Ask for Watson as your server... She's the best!

I always love outback, a good tip is if you order a lobster tail you can have them season it with the same seasonings that they use on the steaks, eg outback special seasoning.
The food is pretty consistent at outback and if there is ever a problem they will take care of you.
This outback was clean and the staff were very friendly.
Will be back again!

I know...its a chain and should be good right....well RIGHT!
I love this place and crave it from time to time.
Went and had dinner with a couple of my peeps.
We chomped on the bread-and who can say they dont like that bread.
Good God!
=)  My BF and I both ordered the Chicken on the Barbie and I was so happy when mine came out shaped like a heart!!!
"Outback loves me!
" I screamed!
I know I crack myself up.
Anyways, we had salad with our meals and I must say this is the salad I dream about....Tangy Tomato is all I have to say!
Oh AND the homemade croutons.
Yummo!
The chicken was good with my mashed potatoes and my BF had a baked potato.
It was perrrrfect!
The BF said he should have gotten a steak because that is what he was most in the mood for...oh well, guess we will have to go again.
;)  The service was awsome...the waitress was super friendly.
I think she wanted to sit down with us because we were having so much fun.
I am rarely disappointed.
I think only once that I had to complain but they picked up the bill for next time.
Always awsome-I love you too Outback!
See ya soon!

I was there last night.
I have to say that it had been many years since I had experienced superior customer service like this.
The restaurant manager is Top Notch!
She is amazing and I'm sure will have a great future with her incredible service skills.
I am very pleased with this place.
It will become one of my favorite places.
I recommend everyone to visit.
Customer service is what makes average become excellent.

Service was very friendly, helpful, and attentive.
Great prices, nice atmosphere!
My steak and my husbands were both cooked a perfect med rare!
Thanks!

I love this place.
You all can go pay for your high priced steaks.
But the flavor, the drinks, the sides the portions.. yeup Outback is still my favorite place for steak .
AND THEY TAKE RESERVATION.
They have a full service bar, I recommend the vicotria fillet, with soup either French onion or the creamy potato.
They do half orders of their appetizers, you just half to ask.
My mouth is salivating just writing this review.

My family went to this Outback for Sunday lunch.
We usually go to the Sahara location but they do not open until 3pm.
Anyway, when we were seated we were not given a kid's menu.
No big deal by itself but then:  1) 10 minutes before being greeted by "I will be right back" by the server  2) Server told us kids cannot order steaks any way but well done.
We told her that could not be true, we order the same thing for the kids every time, so she accepted our order for a medium steak for our daughter.
3) 5-10 minutes later, and we still do not have our drinks, we are told by a different person that children absolutely must have steaks cooked only well done.
We are offered no explanation.
We finally just left and went somewhere else.
Well done meat has more dangers than eating meat rare in the longterm.
There is no real explanation for this if the kitchen is using proper sanitary practice so either they are admitting they are not or the Outback employees are just so lazy they wanted us to leave so they would not have to work as hard.

For starters, we went on Jan.2 when they had a special free "bloomin onion"  We were seated promptly, but the restaurant was freezing.
I had to eat with my coat on.
Our server was nice but seemed kind of flustered.
I ordered the rib steak since I had a gift card (nice!
)  When I got the steak , I looked at it and said "Huh?
"  didn't look at all or taste like a rib steak should.
Next table guy had a prime rib,looked good, not like my steak.
The manager, Abby came over and immediately took it away, and gave me a new one (hubby finished his meal by the time I got mine)   The server then charged me for 2 rib steaks!
corrected the bill.
Have to say the Manager is absolutely the greatest!!
She said next time, she will personally pick out my steak.
Last week we attended again after super bowl and got a free onion again.
Steak was just right and service really good.
Ask for Abby and she will do her best!

I always have a hard time writing a review of a chain restaurant as it's hard to mess with the cookie cutter process the chains use to standardize all the locations.
Therefore I write reviews as if this location is the only one and base it more on the service and facility versus the food and promotions.
My daughter and I decided we were just too lazy and tired to cook, so we jumped in the car to find something close by.
When she initially suggested Outback, I was reluctant as it is...yes...a chain restaurant; however I was happy she did.
The parking lot was full, but we didn't have to wait more than 3 minutes while the staff cleared tables and got us seating quickly.
The waiter was there quickly to get out drink orders and timed the rest of the evening just as well by always being there when needed, but didn't hover over us like many chain restaurants tend too.
The facility was clean, well lite and not so loud you couldn't have a normal conversation.
Our steaks were cooked to order and very good, especially for the price and speed of service.
Outback isn't my go to restaurant, but I will defiantly have a better opinion of them based on my experience at this location.

Not a great experience.
Arrived around 8:30 or 9:00pm (not the huge dinner rush) and sat at the bar to have a drink while we waited for a table.
I ordered a pitcher of Sangria b/c the price was much better than a single glass.
The picture does NOT match the size of the pitcher that you receive.
It was more like a small carafe.
We got to our table and ordered our food.
Then we waited, and waited, and waited.
We waited for over 30 minutes before we had to ask the manager, Abbie, whether they had forgotten our appetizer.
Our appetizer was spinach dip - doesn't take long to make.
When we asked the manager, she apologized, and efficiently got our appetizer out from the kitchen.
Then we took a bite of the spinach dip and almost choked on the amount of salt that was on the tortilla chips.
We couldn't finish it because the chips were so salty.
We didn't want to complain again, so we simply waited of our main dish.
We waited, and waited, ..... (you see where this is going, right?
)  Eventually, our food came to our table and the main dish I chose was their steak special.
I have to say, the steak was cooked properly, which was a great sign.
The broccoli on the side, however, was also doused with salt.
I wasn't able to finish the broccoli either.
My date ordered the bacon cheeseburger (I know, at a steak restaurant, what the heck?!
) and he said it was also really delicious.
The fries that came with it, however, looked like the scrap fries that get left behind in the fryer.
Even the manager noticed when she came back to check on us and she demanded that we get more fries from the kitchen.
By the time we finished and paid our bill we had been there for nearly 2 hours.
That's just 2 people eating dinner - 2 hours!
Way too long for me.
I give 1 star for the wait time, but I give 1 more star for the manager because she made an effort to keep us from never returning and she recognized our wait time and the lackluster food without us having to prompt her - aside from the first time.
We may be back to give it another go, but if it weren't for Abbie, it would have been out of the question.

I usually come here when I'm craving a cheap steak.
They've got a great price on the 4 course meal choice at the moment and it includes soup, salad, an entree and dessert.
The alcoholic drinks are a bit overpriced and there isn't much to choose from.
Also the service was absolutely terrible.
I don't neccessarily think it was entirely the waitresses fault though.
It was later in the evening and the place was empty, but any time someone came in they were sat into the section that our waitress was assigned to.
Why dump all the customers on one waitress when the rest of the place is empty and the other waiters were just standing around.
Piss poor planning in my opinion.
Despite doing all the footwork, she was very nice and checked on us when we could.
Half the time we couldn't hear what she was saying due to the screaming child sitting behind us.
That's great that you take your kid with you everywhere but it's 930 at night, put them the fuck to sleep!

I like my steak rare, but they seem to overcook it often.
My wife loves Outback, so we eat here about once a month.
I would say they get the steak rare 3 out of 12 times.
When I have sent it back to have a new steak cooked, it seems to come out cooked more.
The wait staff is hit or miss in my opinion.
About half of them are great, and the other half seem as if they just don't care at all.
We try to sit in the bar area at the dining tables when it is busy, and we tend to get better service there.

I wait for around 7 weeks for a response from the OUTBACK Steakhouse Customer Service.
Despite two requests no reaction.
This is a bad customer service

The servers here are atrocious.
One server in particular, Bald headed Bill, he's 6 ft something and obviously bald and has the personality of Fester from Adams Family.
We've made many complaints about this lurch and they seem to fall on deaf ears.
The service in general here is pretty bad.
From almost getting smacked in the forehead by the hostess (because they open the door for you) she didn't apologize or anything to the host up front being extremely rude as if we were interrupting them.
The management team needs to clear house of these servers and bring in people who will have an appreciation for their job and take pride in the customer service they give and wear a smile on their face.
Drive the few extra miles and go to the Outback on Sahara it's MUCH better!

I enjoyed the swanky new look.
The ahi tuna was amazing!
I ordered the 11 oz sirloin, it was worth every penny.
The waiter Timothy was very attentive and filled our drinks before we even asked.
My wife enjoyed our dinner as much as I did.

I usually like outback.
But this location had very poor service.
They said it would be a 15-minute wait, we waited 35 mins, went and asked, and they could not find our name on the list.
Then we were finally seated, we were a party of 4.
They messed up 3 of our 4 salads, forgot the 4th persons soup.
3 of us ordered steak, 2 were extremely under-cooked.
The 4th person ordered a full rack of ribs, and they only brought a half rack.
Drink refills were slow.
Etc.
Just an all around poor experience.
Usually when service is that poor, the manager will offer a discount, give something for free, give a gift card, or do SOMETHING as a goodwill gesture- we didn't get anything.
I just think that's horrible customer service.
Like I said, I like Outback, but I will not return to this location anytime soon.

Went in for lunch today and only had 45 minutes.
I was able to get in and out with a healthy meal.
Service and food is always good here at the Outback

Took forever; which I knew was going to happen on a Saturday night.
I ordered buffalo bites and received plain buffalo wings.
Took 15 minutes to fix the food.
My grandmother received a steak well done when she wanted it rare.
The manager came over and took the steak and it took ANOTHER 15 minutes to get that fixed.
On top of that the new steak my grandmother recieved was literally like MUSH.
The texture was like baby food.
Gross.

Sad, just sad!
Sweetie had never been, so we went for their special "All you can eat shrimp w/sirloin.
" BAD DECISION!
Started with the Blooming Onion, how the hell could they screw up one of their signature items????
Burnt outside, and raw and doughy on the inside...WTF???
Asked for medium rare steaks, they were so under cooked, they looked purple and they were ICE COLD!
Fries..cold, limp greasy.
Shrimp, YUCK!!!
You could tell they weren't fresh, the scampi style shrimp were as small as salad shrimp and came with about 4- 5.....Buffalo and fried shrimp were the same small size, yet hidden in massive amounts of breading.
NEVER AGAIN!
2 stars is for our waiter Gregory, he was awesome!
Too bad the food sucked ASS!
$80.00 we'll never see again.......

Bread came out hard as a board and ordered chicken bites that came out with no sauce and not looking at all like the photo :(( Jodi h was the server and seemed to really know her speeches and tell you how your steak was going to be cooked but seemed to really not care.
I told her that it was the worst experience I had ever had she said oh sorry about that and walked away.
My husband is diabetic and orders a diet coke.
Drank it down and Jodi came and said would you like another soda?
I could see asking that if there were no refills but why would you even ask we had not even had our entrees yet.
He said yes, 10 minutes later she returned with a soda that was not diet.
I called her over and explained it wasn't diet she argued with us and after saying just bring us another one please.
The bread came out where you couldn't even cut it.
When she came back to the table after we waived her down again she said oh looks like it is over toasted.
We the  didn't get the bread or the diet coke till after the meal had come.
I have to take many of vitamins and drank all of my water but no, never got another refill and even she came to the tale seen my water empty and saw me reach over the table to drink my husbands water between her removing dirty plates she still ever brought any more water.
:((.
Very very disappointed and won't be back :(

We have eaten at Outback, this location many times.
I have always had no problems with my meals (but I would usually order the Salad with crispy chicken.. can't rememberr the name at the moment).
But my husband had a problem a couple months back with his steak.
It was raw, I mean 'still mooing', raw.
The other night, on our anniversary, we decided to go give it another try.
We were seated promptly and had a wonderful waiter.
He was so attentive and personable.
We told him it was our anniversary and chose Outback to eat because I was craving a margarita.
We both ordered the special, 'Turf and Surf' but upgraded the meat to a filet.
We discussed with outr waiter (Josh ?
) that we wanted it pink inside, not raw, and he told us what we already knew: order it medium.
He said medium rare is RARE!
Medium is pink inside and just a touch of grilling on the outside.
A different server delivered our plates and I immediately saw that my filet was black.
Shriveled and black.
I cut it in half (not easy either)  and the inside was gray and tough.
My husband's was the same.
Our waiter happened to be at the booth behind me and asked how our food was.
He looked at the plates at the same time as I said, 'This is NOT medium, this is burned!
'  He apologized up and down and went to tell the manager and order us 2 more correctly cooked steaks.
We ate the lobster tails becasue they were getting cold and pushed around our potatoes.
Meanwhile, across the aisle from us and one booth back, the same thing was happening over there.
The woman got her order which was incorrect, the manager came out eventually (after ours was served) and apologized and handed her the newly cooked meat.
The customer  cut into it and it was wrong again.
The manager came back to her once more and I saw the woman point at us (as she had seen what happened with our food.
) When our food did arrive,  it was pink but our centers were blood red.
I did not want to re-order because it was getting late as it was and honetly, I was hungry.
It was also served with fresh mashed potatoes, but our anniversary meal was kind of ruined.
I thought maybe after all that mess, we maybe could have gotten a free 'dessert'?
(No!
) Something definitely was wrong with the kitchen that night.
Either the cook was asleep at the grill or they have defective equipment, as in a 'timer'.
We are going to say goodbye to Outback for now, and it's ashame because we had enjoyed it in the past.

The 8oz Victorias cut was one of the best steaks I have ever had.
Coconut shrimp and blue cheese crumb crust ess gold as well.
Blooming onion was subpar.

I went here with my parents for a quick dinner on a Monday night.
It seems to be a busy location and there were a number of people waiting at the  front for tables, but nevertheless they found us a table in no time, which was nice.
We informed our waiter that we were in a bit of a hurry.
I ordered the French Onion Soup.
It should have been called Italian Onion Soup as the menu listed provolone as the cheese on top, but nevertheless is was delicious.
I'm a big fan of F.O.S.
Theirs wasn't exceptional, but fit the  bill with lots of gooey cheese and flavourful broth.
Our steaks took a bit longer than we expected to come out.
Our waiter had warned us against ordering medium rare, which is how I usually order.
He gave us the spiel "Rare is warm red throughout, medium rare is pink with a warm red center, etc.
" I always thought med.
rare was pink throughout, like a nice bright pink, with rare being more rubbery and almost raw.
I had opted for the ribeye, medium rare despite his warning it might be too rare, while my parents each had a small sirloin.
We all ordered mashed potatoes and veggies.
The steaks came.
Theirs were pretty decent, generally pink-looking, even though my mother ordered hers medium.
Mine, well, it was well-done.
Grey with a tinge of pink.
Barely.
Nicely seasoned, well-marbled flavourful ribeye, but totally overdone from what I specified.
Like a previous reviewer, I was in a hurry, and hungry, and ate the whole steak anyway.
However, we did at first say something to the waiter about the long wait, and the manager came with two 4$ lunch coupons, which was nice.
Then our waiter came back a bit later and asked about the steaks and I showed him mine.
He agreed that it was overdone.
To his immense credit, he got the manager to return, who then comped the (rather expensive) rib-eye steak and apologized profusely.
From other reviewers' experiences, I'm wondering if they might have problems with the cooking staff getting orders right.
I find that unless I'm at a serious fine dining establishment, it's pretty hard to get a rare or medium rare steak.
I've had staff say, "That's how we do medium rare," when they bring out a well-done steak, and leave it at that.
So to the credit of The Outback Steakhouse, they at least acknowledged their mistake.
I give them three stars because generally I think the food is pretty good, and I know  my folks really like it here and have had many meals they enjoyed.
At present, I wouldn't recommend them as a place to get a steak prepared exactly to your specifications.
And thanks to our sever for being such a good sport.

The service from the well trained staff rates a 4 star, but the food quality and presentation are only a 2 star.
That is why I am giving three stars to this Outback property.
As much as a franchised brand like Outback is an assurance of quality consistency, I could swear I have experienced tastier examples of the same menu items at other Outbacks.
Tonight I ordered the Ribeye steak and it was very bland, lacking the usual spicy blend seared into the meat that I have had at other Outbacks.
On the plus side, I have been to this location 4 times and the staff are way above average in friendly, competent, prompt an appropriate service!
Really, the people working here are closer to a 5 star than a 4... Now, if the kitchen could just prepare meals that were more line Aussie Outback and less like high school cafeteria in flavor and appearance!

My friend and i came here on sunday early afternoon.
We come about every couple of months and i come religiously for my birthday.
The food and service is generally top notch, but the last couple of times it hasn't.
I had a steak and it was rubber, our bloomin onion didn't seem cooked enough.....we never recieved bread with our salad or at the beginning.
Our waiter was good and attentive but the food fell short.
We will give it another shot in another month and hopefully i'll be posting a five star, otherwise we'll probably head to the sahara location or maybe hit claim jumper.....

My husband and I were out for dinner and decided on Outback.
It's a Tuesday evening, just after 5pm.
Great time to eat....no wait at all.
Seated immediately in Tonya B's section.
She was getting food for another table, but as she walked by, greeted us and said she'd be right back.
She came, took our drink order, brought them and asked if we were ready.
We had a few questions which she answered with no problem and we ordered.
Food was served without rush between salad and main course.
When the salad was served by a "runner", Tonya  made sure to walk by and ask if we had enough dressing.
NEVER had that question asked before.
We were fine.
Dinner was served and again, walked by to make sure we were ok and that our drinks were still good.
Asked about dessert and presented our bill.
Everything was handled in a timely manner AND by a server who we felt knew her job and did an exceptional job.
Will be sure to ask to be seated in her section again.
Now for the down side of the visit.
One time I ordered the prime rib sandwich with bbq sauce on the side and it was excellent.
The next time I ordered it, the meat had been reheated and it tasted awful.
I asked if I could get the sandwich without reheating the meat and  Tonya apologized and said that they do reheat for that sandwich....I ordered something else, but appreciated that she didn't lie and me order and hate the food.
Another sign of a great server.
BUT...OUTBACK....you have to know how bad the meat tastes when it's been reheated.
I wish you would change that practice and put "fresh" sliced prime rib on the roll....because that one time made me want to order it over and over...but I will never order it again.
Great job Tonya........

Outback contacted me about this complaint and made it right to our satisfaction.

Usually they get big ups from me.
However they have discontinued the string beans.
Who does that?
Very disappointing to me as it was my second favorite item on the menu besides the steak.

This experience started weird and ended alright.
It would have been a 2 star if not for manager intervention.
I came to this location around 1:45 pm on Father's Day.
Pockets of people crowding around the door as I entered, patiently waiting for a table.
I skipped right past and headed for the bar.
Not a single person dining at the bar.
Clue #1.
I sat in the middle facing the television to catch the end of a World Cup match.
It took a few minutes for the barkeep to acknowledge me and clean the area where I was sitting.
I ordered as soon as she finished wiping down the immediate area.
After about 15 minutes past, I had to ask for my salad and bread.
3 minutes later, my food arrived.
This is a nuisance to me, I should be allowed an opportunity to enjoy and finish a side salad before the meal arrives.
My NY strip was supposed to be medium rare, arrived medium well.
You can't uncook a steak.
I voiced my displeasure and fortunately a manager stepped in and made it all better.
Steak was replaced with a Filet and cooked to my original specs.
I probably won't return to this location but it doesn't influence my decision to return to other Outback locations.

We checked the yelp reviews before going and saw that most we're not recently satisfied but we chose to go anyways.
Our experience was generally pleasing and I didn't have any complaints.
We all shared a blooming onion which was delicious and came out pretty quickly and our food came out generally fast but still with enough time to finish our appetizers first.
I am so full ty

I was actually impressed .. Its been ages since I have been to outback but it was quite the change.
group of 4 ordered about 80 something bill   Prime rib was my order along with salad and apps.
Prime rib done really nicely - not alot of hard gristle or nice cut of meat for price.
I was actually impressed that everything was coursed out from the beginning of the meal towards the end of the meal.
Our waitress was really amazing -- keeping up with re fills I counted at least 3 times while being bombarded with a 9 top that just finished a group of 7 plus few other randoms.
Overall it was a great experience.
All our meats where cooked to right temps and left very happy as well as the front door being open to us when we where leaving bye the host  obiv leaving a great impression with that.

Want to give a great job to our server, Anika D on Friday night.
Very pleasant, happy personality, very attentive, answered questions and most importantly took care of a special order without any problems.
Thanks Anika for doing such a great job!!

