Stitches is well known throughout Edinburgh for its high quality of alterations and careful clothing treatment, and several members of my family have sworn by it for years.
I recall coming in here in a massive fluster, wanting a dress altered for a big formal event that I had coming up.
In my usual disorganised fashion, I'd left it completely to the last minute, but rather than eyeing me with a look of hostile, we've not got time for this qualities, one of the experienced members of the stitching empire whisked me through to the back to pin my dress in the right places, and in reassuring tones, told me not to worry.
I should still be more organised though.
Anyway, Stitches has never let me down in the alteration department, and I'm always confident they'll come up with the goods.
Aside from alterations, they also do tailoring, dressmaking and drycleaning.

I've had two pieces tailored at Stitches and one piece dry cleaned.
I have been completely happy with both jobs - one was to completely replace the lining of my winter coat and one was to hem my jeans.
I have never had any kind of major job like replacing lining done before so I have no idea what to expect outcome or price wise.
The coat looks as though I just bought it, which is great.
Definitely a great job on the lining.
I paid £80 for the lining and dry cleaning to be sorted - take that as you will as I have no concept for what it would cost elsewhere.
My only beef, albeit very slight, is that they don't take cards, they're cash.
only.
I don't get how business can still be cash only these days, but ... at least TELL people that you're cash only.
Shelling out an unexpected £80 was PAINful.
If I'd known, I would have been able to save up for a couple of weeks to lessen the blow.

My 17 year old daughter needed a dress to wear to play a concerto in the Usher Hall.
We went to Stitches - they were absolutely wonderful, listening to what she wanted, designing the style with her, advising about fabric, and generally being supportive and helpful.
The result was an extremely stylish, beautifully fitting dress.
She loves it!

I had a very strange request - a favoured meditation cushion was torn and strangely didn't have a zip to allow access to stitch internally... not only that but the material was thick so possibly wouldn't fit under a sewing machine.
I went back a few hours later and, although it now has a fat scar, was totally fixed... not only that but they refused to charge me for such a small job!
The staff were so friendly and understanding, totally brushing away my no-clue-about-sewing-repairs-ness.
Definitely the first stop for clothing alterations and repairs in Edinburgh!

