I can imagine the owner of this location is a bit worried since it has only been open a few months as have all in this center and Mervin's along with Circuit City are going out of business.
What a way to start a business.
I have not tried this place simply because I did eat at one on the other side of town and did not like it.
Gus was in the mood so we stopped in on our way home.
We both got the fiesta salad which I guess is kind of an odd choice but there you go.
A Very nice young man takes our order, same nice guy brings our food to us.
As I look around I notice all the employees are pretty good looking.
The salads looked small, but as we ate found them to be very filling.
Nice crisp ingredients and the chicken had a nice char flavour too.
So now I know how stupid I am for judging one restaurant buy a sister store.
aYUP we will be back.

Last time I was there is smelled like sewer so had to eat outside.
The food is the same at any other Rubio's, but they should fix what ever was the problem with the smell.

We have stopped here for lunch many times and always had a good experience.
The service is good and so is the food.
I do find the price a little bit high for what you get.

I really love their carnitas street tacos and black beans..they also have a yummy salsa bar!!!
You can even get delivery through You Buy and We Fly: http://youbuyandwefly.deliverycheckout.com/

Had their crispy shrimp burrito that they had on special for a limited time...ooh man...it was heaven!!
However, the meal was almost $10...ouch!!!
I had a coupon for up to $10 in free food, so it didn't hurt this time : )

Good place for lunchtime burritos.
good service and nice atmosphere.

I'm a huge fan of the veggie burro it's got these super yummy mushrooms in it!
They also have a great mushroom and pepper taco.
Always happy to see places with some vegetarian representation!
Service is always quick and friendly even when it's packed.
You'll definitely pay a little more then regular fast food, but this like Chipotle is so much better then regular fast food.

Great service, you can always count on a sincere smile when you come here!
Fish tacos are good but many of the other good items could use more flavor.

Lunched there yesterday and am going back today for lunch.
There arent any Rubio's in the part of the country where I live and knowing that I travel, a couple friends have been recommending Rubio's to me.
It was worth it.
The portions were on the small side though...

If you are from San Diego this is were you eat if you want to remember Mission Beach.

I love all the food, shrimp burrito, fish tacos, shrimp tacos, soup, but the reason I don't guve it 5 stars is because they are really cutting back in their portions and their prices have gone up.
Usually the fish tacos have the fish sticking out on both sides of the tortilla but on fish taco Tuesdays the piece of fish is about half the sizr barely covering the middle of the tortilla with an overload of cabbage, the same with the new lobster tacos mostly cabbage anf a few pieces of lobster!
On the shrimp burrito it takes about three bites before you get a bite of shrimp.
Now I think twice about going there with the family.

I suppose this goes for any Rubio's location, but why so expensive?
Way overpriced for what you get.
I'd rather pay the same amount, or less, in a real restaurant.
Also, we always had hit or miss service here... sometimes good, sometimes not so great.
As for the food, well, it wasn't that memorable.
Well, since we're stuck out here in AZ, I guess this is the closest we can get to the real thing?

I luv this place.
Have been going to for awhile now.
The one in Goodyear is always doing great business, at least when I go.
My favorite is the fish tacos plate.
MMMmmmmmmmmmm

The gourmet chicken tacos are the most amazing taco I have ever tried in my whole life!
Consistently delicious!
MMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!

This place sucks.
Fast food so call Mexican food.
Nothing authentic.
Outside patio was dirty and smelled on urine.

First time there as I just got the birthday dinner coupon I ordered the two taco plate with a tilapia taco and the especial taco the tilapia was good but the especial was the star of the show,my wife ordered the street tacos carnitas she wants to go back again which is rare for her because she is a picky eater.Staff was very friendly and it was clean.

Rubio's = good, consistent, affordable fish tacos  I am no mathematician,  but that's an equation even I can appreciate!
They have chicken, steak, and fish tacos... and multiple types of fish available (tilapia, mahi).
And for most tacos, you have the choice of corn or flour tortilla.
My favorite is still the original grilled fish taco on a flour tortilla.
And the steak "street tacos" with cilantro and onion are quite authentic-tasting and delish, just like my imaginary Mexican abuela used to make!

Good fish tacos, quesadillas, and chips and salsa.
A good, safe bet when you either want a quick, inexpensive meal to-go or sit on their patio and enjoy the food.
I tend to like places with a salsa bar and this doesn't disappoint.
Beats taco bell or Del Taco any day!

Oh so good!
Thank you Rubio's for serving great fish tacos not made with tilapia :)

Have to try the fish burrito.

So many good things on the menu Try the bean & cheese burrito  w/ rice  and cooked extra time!
It's the best!!!!

Great food.
We ate fish tacos, rice, beans, quesadilla, salsas, guac, & chips.
Well staffed(super rare)  Excellent service Clean restaurant We got fish tacos for 1.50 Tuesday evening.
My self & 2 kids ate (plenty!
) for 17.99!
We used a credit card & parking was easy!

I love fish tacos and although I do enjoy coming here, I don't think their fish is that fresh.
Well, let me rephrase, I don't think the oil they fry their fish in is that fresh.
It went past the due date of how often oil should be changed out when frying food.
Don't skimp out on this step Rubio's!
Other than that, the service was good, the salsa was good and the experience as a whole wasn't too bad.
They just really need to work on changing out their oil more frequently.

Nothing fancy, great customer service, greeted everyone who came in.
Ordered the Steak and Lobster taco.
Both weren't bad, pricey but why not try it.
Lobster seemed as if it was crawfish haha

They have really good fish tacos.
They don't skimp u on the fish like some places do.
I can't complain about decent fast Mexican food.
I'll be back again.

The customer service here is awesome.
Everyone genuinely cares about each customer that comes in.
I came in for the food.
I'm coming back for the service!
It's always very clean inside with plenty of parking.
Great job Rubios.
Acknowledge this staff!

Excellent food and service!
Always really clean!
Love the salsa bar.
The tomatillo salsa is my favorite.
Street tacos and the baja chicken burrito are excellent!

