This super-nice new Safeway is a great addition to the South Phoenix/Laveen area and provides a nice alternative to the great--but limited--shopping experience at Fresh & Easy (located on 19th Ave and Baseline) and the overwhelming and not that fresh or gourmet offerings at the massive Fry's Marketplace across the road.
The selection of items is solid but not un-necessarily large.
Since the store just opened a few weeks ago, a lot of things are really marked down and I've noticed a lot of buy-1-get-1-free deals (with use of the Safeway card).
Of course, being new also means that the store is super clean and that the employees are on top of their game.
It's always possible that these standards will decline the longer the store is open, but I hope not because a clean and well-staffed store makes for a better grocery shopping experience!
I also wanted to point out a few of the store's amenities.
Naturally, there is a Starbucks.
There is also a US Bank in case that's of use to you.
Most importantly (for us, at least), this location has the Signature Cafe, which offers freshly-made and affordable sandwiches!
I tried the Italian Garden--it was quite tasty but needed a little less of the multiple sauces that were on it--and my husband had some roast beef selection with horseradish-flavored cheese.
Delish!
And only $11 or so for both of us.
The Signature Cafe also serves gelato, which is probably not homemade, but it's cool to have that as a local dessert option.
Check this place out if you live nearby.
I guarantee a pretty top-notch shopping experience!

This is a very nice Safeway store.
It is clean and the people are friendly .
They know where thing are and will take you right to what you are looking for.
I must say I go here mainly for the meat they have a good selection and the prices are usually cheaper then Fry's across the street.
if you need help ask anyone but Becky Is the one that helped me out.
There is a Starbucks in this Safeway if you are in to that kind of thing.
Also a deli and bakery.

I work in the same strip mall as this store so I come here often.
Starbucks has excellent service, the deli is fast and the sandwiches are truly deli good, KJ at the pharmacy is just about the coolest pharmacist I've met, and I've never had any issues checking out with my groceries.

Huge fan of Safeway great products, great assortment of organic non-GMO foods and the staff is always friendly.
The only thing I can ask for of Safeway in the United States is to have GMO markings on all products, since they do it in the United Kingdom already.

