Originally from NY - I have been looking for a good place for nearly 20 years.
This is some of the best NY pizza I have ever had in AZ.
You know its good when you fold it in half and the orange oil drips off the tip.
yyuummmm....pizza heaven.
I'll be back!

These guys are fresh out of Brooklyn, NY.
Pizza is SOOOOOOO good!
It's nice and crispy on bottom and fluffy in the middle :)  HIGH quality toppings too!
We've been NUMEROUS times and again today!

We continue to order from Casanova Brothers and love it just as much each time.
The garlic knots are a MUST every single time.
The last time we ordered, we got an Italian Combo sub.
Full of capicolla, salami, ham and provolone it was sublime!
i ordered it with everything (lettuce, tomato,etc) and that made it all the better.
They even throw black olives on there.
My mouth is watering right now thinking about it.
They use Boar's Head meats and you can definitely tell from the quality of the sandwich.
Run, don't walk, to Casanova Brothers!

My wife and I visited not too long ago for the first time.
The first thing as you walk in the door is a hefty Brooklyn greeting from the guys behind the counter.
Straight up New York!
The garlic knots are awesome!
And the pizza is, from what my New Yorker wife says, authentic.
I just know it was pretty darned good.
Furthermore, we just enjoyed sitting there listening to the interactions of the staff.
They greeted everyone, seemed to know a lot of the patrons as if it were a neighborhood joint (which I guess it is).
And they were, as Brian T. put it, "...fresh out of Brooklyn, NY.
"   We're going back tonight, as a matter of fact.

I was in NYC in June of this year.
Even eating in little Italy and some highly recommended pizza places, the pizza didn't compare to this place.
Save te airfare!
My family will be making this a monthly night out.

Really a great NYC pizza experience!
How many pizza places in AZ will greet you with an authentic "How U Do-in!
" ala Tony Soprano when you walk in?
Actually we were greeted by Luigi - can't get more Italian than that!
Pizza was just killer and don't miss the garlic knots - yumalicious.
Great place, great fun, we'll be back again and again!

As a native New Yorker, I have been on the hunt for a real NY restaurant ever since I lived in the Midwest.
This place tastes and feels like NY.
Baby, I'm home!
With signed mobster and Sinatra photos dotting the restaurant wall, you're greeted by Tony who is always sure to ask your name.
My husband and I split a large sausage, peppers and onion calzone topped with marinara sauce.
Outstanding!
After feeling satisfied, Tony gave use some free dessert of little balls of fried dough with powdered sugar.
A deliciously unhealthy treat, but eaten without the guilt.
Go there now lunch or dinner.
Now!

Best pizza we have found yet in the valey (haven't tried the thick crust yet).
The garlic knots are wonderful.
The philly cheese steak is quite good.
The owners are a great bunch, nice as could be,  go once & they know your name from then on, a nice touch.

I love this place (so does my husband)!
I think my husband found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try.
It was so nice to be greeted by the owner and for the rest of the evening we are totally on first name bases.
He also gave us free garlic knots for being first timers (at least that is why I think we got them, or because I am pregnant and he felt sorry for me).
Great atmosphere and great pizza!
I is definitely the best pizza I have ever had!

Grabbed a couple of slices for lunch today after stumbling onto the glowing reviews here.
I concur - these guys make a good pie!
As others mentioned, the joint was almost empty at 12:30pm - NOT good.
If you're in the area, do check Casanova Bros out, I think you'll be glad you did and will become a regular.
If I lived closer, I would most definitely be back often.

Having lived out on the East Coast for 7 years and frequenting the city almost every weekend, I was in the mood for a NYC 'street corner' slice.
Searched around Yelp and this place obviously caught my eye, by both the ratings and the vicinity to my house.
Just like a couple of other reviewers on here, I walked in and was immediately greeted by Tony.
He introduced himself and asked me if it was my first time there.
After placing my to go order (plain cheese pie...my standard when sizing a pizza place up), he hooked me up with a free order of garlic knots while waiting for my pizza.
They were awesome...super garlicky and soft.
I skipped the provided tomato sauce because they were so good on their own.
Waited a couple of more minutes and Tony hooked me up with a bad of Zeppole!
Didn't eat them there, but had them at home after the pizza and they were a perfect end to my meal.
To the pizza...15 minutes later and I was heading out with my pie.
The aroma alone was intoxicating on the drive home.
TOTALLY reminding me of my time spent in the city.
Got home, opened up the box and wasted no time on my first slice...it was all that I missed about NYC pizza.
Thin, chewy crust that actually has great flavor on its own, good quality and perfectly greasy cheese and a light but well seasoned and tangy sauce.
The ONLY thing that I would've changed is that I tend to like my crust a little more well done...I don't mind a little burnt crust on the bottom and edges.
I noticed that outside of NYC, pizza places that are ''NY style'' tend to show a little restraint in this respect, probably because people not used to it might complain that their pizza is burnt.
(I don't really know if I'm right, but I'm guessing because I noticed this at Grimaldis).
Easy fix...just order it ''well done'' next time.
Based on my experience with the guys working there, they'd be more than happy to accommodate.
Anyway, all in all a great pie and GREAT people/service...it definitely satisfied my craving.
As a self proclaimed pizza fanatic (I'm on Serious Eats pizza blog, Slice, daily), all those fancy wood-fired pizza places (a la Bianco and kin) are great, but when I want that NYC pizza that I often crave, these guys will be getting my business every time.
They also have a pretty decent pasta and hoagie selection...might have to hit those up next time.
Thanks again guys.
(sorry this was a bit long)

I'll start by saying the staff at Casanova Bros. are very pleasant, care about the customer, and have a good sense of humor, so I like the establishment and want it to do well.
However, the current Yelp rating of 5 stars is overrated.
I'm giving it a 3 and couldn't possibly see justifying anything higher than 4.
This is not even close to being the best pizza in Gilbert, let alone a larger area.
It's slightly better than average pizza.
We tried a pepperoni pie, garlic knots, and zeppolis.
All three were fine, but there was nothing impressive or memorable about them in any way.
Again, the most memorable thing about Casanova's is the staff, and that's a reason to go back.
If I lived very close it would probably be a place I'd go to semi-regularly, but living several miles away I don't think it would be worth the drive.
I'd go to Patsy Grimaldi's, Jimmy's of Chicago, Liberty Market, Joe's Farm Grill, Oregano's and possibly even Venezia's  before I'd choose Casanova Bros.

Hands down my favorite Italian food in the valley.
These guys rock.
Talk about service, more restaurants should take notes.

This is the best pizza I have ever had.
The atmosphere was very friendly.
The restaurant was very clean.
I will be going back for more and I will bring someone with me.

I am from Long Island and I know good pizza (Colosseo Pizza - Port Jefferson, none better).
Let me say for Arizona this is it!!
The regular pizza is delicious and the Sicilian is great as well, looks heavy but its light and crusty, mmmmmmm.
The garlic knots are decent but sometimes too garlic-ey and they ruin them by MICROWAVING them.
I have learned to ask for my knots in the oven, much better.
I tried the White Sicilian the other night and that too was fabulous.
The Chicken Parm.
hero is delicious as is the Meatball.
The only thing that I was not happy with was the salad, got it only once and kinda blah on the homemade dressing.
I also wish they would make some cold pizza (such as Salad or Caprese slices).
The 2 owners are very friendly as is most of the staff.
It is a lengthy drive for me from Queen Creek but I make it about once a week to feel like I am back in the "Old Country" (Coram, NY) lol!
I am not a fan of toppings on my pizza so I am not sure how those are except for the sausage and spinach I got on the White Sicilian, that was terrific and they use Grande Cheese, just like in NY!
If you love NY pizza... GO HERE!!!
-Al

Arizona New Yorkers are usually complete douche-bags aholes that love to tell you have AZ sucks and New York is great.
Yet they choose to live here.
The guys at Casanova Brothers break that mold.
The service was amazing and staff were extremely friendly.
I don't know how we scored such sweat New Yorkers here.
Must of been a mistake.
The pizza is great.
I tried the white and my wife went red.
No toppings other than cheese.
I also like that the pizza was not undercooked like so many other New York style pizza joints.

What can I say?
The pizza is the perfect New York style and these guys do it right.
Also they put the P in Personal Service.
That's not something you see much in this area.
Most restaurants treat you like a number.
Not these "goodfellas!
" They take their pizza and their customers seriously.
They make it a point to welcome you to the restaurant and most of the time they call their customers by name.
That is a lost art and you gents have my admiration for pulling that off!
There's a lot to be said for tradition and this is the way they did it back in the day and they did it right!
My wife and I had our second trip to the place today and had the large pepperoni.
It was cheesy and had plenty of fresh cut pepperoni on top.
The dough was the traditional NY style that you can fold and eat on the go.
The flavors made me think I was back home at Mario's Italian restaurant and really made me long for the good old days!
The proprietors made darn sure we were happy with our meal and the service was excellent!
Try this when you go: Just TRY and leave without the owners thanking you for coming in.
You will NOT make it out without them at least thanking you and possibly shaking your hand.
Also the walls are literally covered with autographed photos of all the greats from the entire cast of  "The Godfather" to the "RatPack".
The atmosphere was nice and quiet and the A/C works great so you won't be uncomfortablet!
If you want true New York style pizza and some of the best service in the valley then look no further than this little place (locally owned and operated by the way!
) on Val Vista just south of Baseline.
You'll thank me later.

One of my favorite pizza joints in the East Valley.
I've lived here for 2 years (Val Vista Lakes) and never knew they were here.
The owners talk to you like you're family (seriously, first names, and they know you after your first visit).
They'll even sell you a dough ball or two if your wife wants to go Rachel Ray and try something that won't work (sorry honey, you know it's true)

The best PIZZA in the area.
The other food is good too.
We get their pizza all the time.
Tastes like it is from NJ.

Bottom line...this is the only pizza I will eat outside of my own kitchen!
Excellent crust, great cheese, not too saucy and the SERVICE?!?!?!?!
Fuggeddaboutit!
Love the guys and love the attention they give to their customers.
Best pizza in town!

Okay, so I have this friend.
He's not particularly interesting or particularly fun or particularly anything really, as generic as people goes.
And yet, I hang out with him all the time.
Why?
Well, convenience.
Also, I don't feel threatened hanging out with him, because a voice in my mind whispers "Hey, at least you're not THIS guy".
People tend to tilt their heads some while speaking with him because he can never shave evenly.
In any event, I share some of those feelings for my anonymous friend with Casanova Brothers Pizza.
While I realize this is not a ringing endorsement, I do wish to state that there is absolutely nothing bad about Casanova's and in fact there are some superlative qualities about it.
Walking in is extremely welcoming experience, with some kitschy but charming decor, with signed movie posters and various homage to New York a-plenty.
Wooden tables and intimate booths surrounded by dark red and black tones were quite comforting.
This is an order-at-the-counter place, but was the most charming part of my experience.
The owner Tony bellows out "Hi!
Thanks for coming in!
"  And either is this your 1st time" or "I knew you'd come back!
" or most amusingly, "I thought I told you to only come back with your beautiful lady with you ya ugly mug!
"  If it's your 1st time here, you do get free garlic knots with your order, which is a nice touch.
A busy Friday night didn't result in poor service either, as the garlic knots were brought to our table promptly.
Nicely and simply flavored, with a buttery finish, but rather too chewy for my tastes, although my g/f liked it plenty.
Figuring we got a bad batch, I ordered another set with cheese melted on top ($4.50), which was a little crispier but still nothing remarkable.
The marinara sauce it came with was perfect however, not too sweet yet tangy and savory all at once.
We also had an order for fried zucchini ($6.99), which was fine on the inside, but way too much batter, although once again the g/f liked it.
Mildly disappointed by our appetizers, I was looking forward to our 16" white pizza (16.99 + 2.5 per topping), which they offer sicilian style square and think, although we opted for round and thin.
The base of simple ricotta, garlic butter, and mozzarella was immensely satisfying, with just the right ratio of cheeses.
I also added fresh basil, chicken on half of the pizza (just 4 more days of vegetarian torture), and spinach.
The toppings interacted with the base wonderfully.
The crust was very average however.
Overall a solid pizza, but once again, nothing spectacular.
With all that said, I can see myself coming back here 2x a month or so.
The personality of the owner is wonderful and there was a general happy buzz throughout dinner on a busy Friday night.
I won't come here for a phenomenal time or life-changing experience, but when I want something pleasant that is consistent, I'll be at Casanova's.

Best pizza in town!
I love that the guys remember everyone's name and bring out free garlic knots and desert for the first timers.

Great Pizza makes me feel like i am back home in NY.
This is the only pizza that I will eat.
Everyone is very friendly and makes you feel like you are a home.

Are you kidding me?
A strip mall locale in AZ with legitimate NY pizza?
Customer service from a verified  New Yorker that far supercedes anything I have seen in a very long time?
Believe it!
Luigi greeted me and apologized for not recalling my name.
This was only my second visit and several weeks had passed.
It's impossible not to smile around here with such a warm greeting.
It's difficult to find this kind of service anywhere!.
You are treated like family!
Tony (one of the owners) also spent time talking to me about his philosophy around the lost art of customer service.
Other restaurant owners should stop by for a crash course!
The pizza?
Incredible!
I went with a slice of white with meatball and spinach.
Thin and crisp with just the right chewiness.
You can have your gourmet pizza with absurd toppings and pay significantly more for the experience.
I'll take this family run business any time!
All this for around six bucks?
Fuggedaboutit!

The Casanova brothers have the best NY pizza in Gilbert.
Be sure and try the garlic knots if you like bread sticks.
The wings are big, crispy, and juicy.
The pizza is top notch NY thin crust pizza.
See a full review at http://blog.phosyzzle.com/casanova-bros

I have had the pleasure of dining at Casanova Brothers on several occasions and find the customer service equals that of or even exceeds the level of many four and five star restaurants I have been to in either Chicago or Phoenix.
They don't treat you like a "regular" customer, but as one of the family.
As for the pizza, the crust has the right consistency and texture.
There is a hint of garlic but it really balances everything out.
My favorite is their white cheese pizza with spinach.
Huge slices and a very balanced flavor.
Those comments are not easy to come by from me as I am a pizza "snob" originally from Chicago.
I even told Tony that this is the BEST NY pizza I have ever eaten...PERIOD!
I have also had pasta and other dishes there and they have a very nice taste as well.
I am not afraid to recommend this place and even tell those I send to let Tony know I sent them.

Had a business lunch there and the pizza was very good.
Both the owners are very frindly and always say hi when you come in!

This is hands down the best pizza I've had outside of New York city.
I will say we have been here a few times now and the pizza is best when made by the heavyset guy who is always consistently there on Fridays and Saturdays.
Ask for the pie thin without a ton of crust.
Always comes out perfect.
Skip the garlic knots as they have never been fresh and are really not very good.
If you want good Garlic knots that are light and buttery only Gilbert Pizza has them in this town.
But the pizza is better at Casanova.

OK I admit their Pizza is fantastic, but until you have tried the pasta or Cannolis they are the best in the west.
So if your a fan of New York and miss the Italian quarter, come to Casanova's Pizza, "Forget About It" you wont find any better in gilbert.

A friend who is starting his diet treated a few us to his last big eating out at his favorite place for pizza!
When you first walk in you notice right away all the old photos of actors & New York and the Yankees!
On the tv screen was playing the original Superman and on the radio was Frank Sinatra singing to us!
We walked in and were headed to a table when the server asked if it was our 1st time here, we said yes for some of us it was, he then offered us free garlic knots, man that is some heaven in dough!
Couldn't get enough of the garlic knots!
We wound up ordering a cheese pizza, which by far is my favorite; it was simple, tomato sauce, cheese and great pizza dough!
We also ordered a white pizza with sausage.
The white pizza is made with whole milk ricotta, garlic butter & mozzarella, the white pizza was very good, but somehow I can't get used to a pizza with no red sauce.
Over all this place was very good!
I look forward to tasting my way though their menu!

FABULOSO!
This was wonderful pizza.
When I went for the first time ( I have been many times now) the owner introduced himself and gave me some garlic knots on the house -- DELICIOUS!
The marinara sauce that came with them was amazing as well... something you don't usually find in a smaller pizza place.
Try the sausage pizza  :)

This is the best NY style pizza I've had in the valley and I'm picky coming from northern NJ.
Standard cheese slices are good but this place really shines with it's sicilian  and white pizza.
The sicilian crust is cooked perfectly!
Of course they sell by the slice.
The staff are friendly and go out of their way to remember your name.
I only wish it were closer but then again I'd just be fatter.

Great people, great food, great service, and a taste from home.
Quietly as it's kept, their Peppers and Eggs sandwich is unreal.
A street classic that is not seen often outside of the northeast.
If you give them a shot, you won't be disappointed....it's worth the visit and/or pick-up and then some.

This us one of the best Pizza places in the Phoenix Valley... Their sauce is not overly sweet and has a nice spicy overtone that makes the whole pie work as a culinary delight.
Price wise, Casanova is a far better deal than the Coal Fired Pizza at San Tan Village.

Pizzas not great, but friendliness of staff make this a 3 star experience.
Wish I loved the pizza because I really, really like these guys.
Love that they are an independent place that gives back to the community.
Now back to the pizzas not great comment.
I thought that it is flavorless with a cardboard tasting crust.
Not unlike most of the pizza I had in NYC.
I've tried the white pizza - not bad.
Loved the price - $12.99 for an extra large cheese.
Great deal for my family - problem was that no one else would eat it.
Bottom line... Good place to go for a slice, but only because it's in the neighborhood.

What a experience!
So my daughter was born last night and I was rushing around trying to find somewhere to eat for my whole family, I turned to the Yelp app on my phone and luckily found Casanova Brothers Pizza, I told the owner Tony I was ordering for my family because they were all at the hospital to visit my daughter.
They had just closed a few minutes before and he said no worries come on in.
He asked about my daughter like he was an old family friend.
Being Italian and my dad being born in raised in the Bronx, this place hit home, not only in that old school feel of how they treat you but the Pizza ( I have eaten at over 20-30 Pizza Places from Queens, Bronx, NY, NJ, Chicago) was hands down the best Pizza I have ever had.
I ordered a Large Sicilian style pizza cheese and peperoni.
The garlic knots where amazing!
He even threw in a few of the Zeppolis for us to try, wow!
When I arrived, they all proudly shook my hand and congratulated me on the arrival of my new daughter.
We talked about places my dad used to hang out and it was just like being home again.
I truly wish everyone can experience the memories that I have growing up as a California Kid who would visit the Bronx and all my east coast family.
The true Italian tradition of how you treat people and make them feel at home by feeding them and inviting them in like your family, is the way that Tony and his crew made me feel.
After this experience I am going to be a local customer for many years to come!
I would encourage all of you to find out what it feels and tastes like to be one of the family over at Casanova Brothers Pizza!

I shudder to think what life was like before Casanova Brother's... this is the go to place for an authentic NYC style pizza experience in Gilbert, AZ.
The bread, garlic knots, pizza crust, and even the marinara is made from scratch and fresh each day.
Fresh local ingredients are what makes this menu pop.
The marinara is addictive... perfect for the fried Calamari... be sure to ask for extra sauce.
=)  Since Casanova Brother's opened, we've tried almost everything on the menu - and I haven't been disappointed yet.
If you are low carb'ing... then try the made from scratch meatballs.
Pure NYC comfort food at it's  finest.
=)  Attention to the customer experience is amazing and very sincere... a few times we have had to wait for take out and each time the staff chatted with us by name and offered us sodas (free) while we waited.

We tried this for the first time today because of all the great Yelp reviews.
They did not disapoint!
The manager on duty was super friendly and very helpful.
We settled on lunch specials for the girls... 2 slices of cheese pizzas and it was really good!
My dh had the chicken parmigan entree also very good.
I had the cheese calzone.
It was awesome!
They put ricotta cheese and mozarella inside with the sauce on the side.
I do not like ricotta cheese but the brand they used was yummy and mixed with the mozarella it was perfect.
I'm used to calzones with all mozarella which is also good but the ricotta made the dish not too heavy.
I ate the whole thing.
I can never eat a whole calzone.
I don't know if its because the ricotta made it lighter or because it was so yummy I couldn't stop, haha probably both.
They also gave us complimentary garlic knots since it was our first time.
It was very good but I agree with another reviewer...next time I will ask them to heat it in the oven instead of the microwave.

A little bit of New York right here in Gilbert, AZ.
Sure the food is delicious but the best part of Casanova Brothers is the Casanova Brothers, Mike & Tony, They make you feel right at home.

Reminds me of home.
That is all I need.
Zeppole's, thin crust pizza, a real calzone.
Yumm!

I was part of a group of 15 out-of-towners who were staying in Gilbert for a golf trip.
Not familiar with the pizza options in the area and we found Casanova Brothers on Yelp and ordered eight pizzas & garlic knots...
Boy were the large pizzas big (& tasty)!
Everyone in the group was extremely happy with the decision.
We'll be back next time we're in town!

Great food and great people!

Best NY style pizza in AZ.
Hospitality is 2nd to none.

I love that every time I visit they remember me.
But beyond that I need to mention that the food is really really really good!
The garlic knots are required when you eat there - seriously, you gotta have them.
The only thing that kept me from 5 stars is I'm not a huge fan of their pizza sauce.
I'd prefer it to be tastier.
All else is terrific though.
I also think their pricing is a bit high.

Best pizza I have had in Arizona since moving here from New York in '07.
The personal touch the owners put into their work is refreshing.
The pizza is beyond delicious and always consistent.
The garlic knots are real good as noted in other reviews.
I have gone to this restaurant a couple dozen times and the pizza is also  better when you dine in.
Pizza is always better hot haha.
Do yourself a favor and order extra cheese-well done.

Visiting from out of town.
We sampled several items incl pizza, lasagna, eggplant, spaghetti plus cannoli.
Everything was awesome!
Owners Tony and Mike were very gracious hosts.
Can't wait to go back.

My first job was pizza delivery guy in Newport Beach, CA when I was 16, so for the past 15+ years I've been a VERY amateur pizza critic.
Well, I can say without ANY hesitation that the New York Special pizza from Casanova Brothers is THE BEST PIZZA I'VE EVER HAD!!!!
And, almost everyone I've gone here with has said the same -- DA BEST!!!!
I've only lived here in Gilbert for 3 months, but the half a dozen times people have come to visit me we've gone here and none have EVER been disappointed.
Tony, one of the owners, did a great job making us feel at home -- the free dough knots really helped!
I had a friend out last night and guess where we went?
I have more friends coming out in a couple days and where do you think we're going?
It doesn't get old because they use the best ingredients and cook it just right.
I have another friend that frequently texts me about wanting to come back, not to see me, but to eat here again!
I can't wait to go back!!!
It's my birthday today so maybe I'll treat myself with a little pizza present :)

I have had Casanova Bros about 4-5 times.
Here is my feedback and reasoning for the 3 star rating.
Food: 4.5 stars, really good pizza & pasta dishes.
Really good sandwiches as well, just a little small for the price.
The place: Cool place, cool pics hanging up on the walls.
The dudes behind the counter: Really cool guys, they treat you like they want your business.
Customer Service: Ok here it is, here is the reason I could only give these guys 3 stars and not the 4.5 they deserve on taste alone.
General customer service is great, really friendly people who take pride in what they do.
But.......................I can't stand when places get my order wrong and even these guys did too.
I understand people make mistakes and I am cool with that.
My latest experience was ordering a couple xl calzones and one was supposed to be loaded with peppers, sausage, mushrooms, and onions and it came with just cheese.....................Man!
Damn!
I bit into that thing waiting for all that and all I got was cheese :(.....
Still good, but I paid for all that other stuff.
Now I'll give it to these guys again, I called them for improvemet opportunities to inform them of the mistake and they told me to come back anytime and get a free xl calzone.
I could not do that though, because I ate the whole thing a would not feel right doing so.

Casanova Brothers was recommended (heavily) by a coworker..
Problem is, they're in Gilbert and I live in Buckeye.
My 7 year old son and I made the trek on a Friday to meet my friend for dinner.
We ordered a pizza and had to wait an hour for the food...The place was crazy busy so I knew there would be a wait.
Pizza came and was really good.
We made a mistake on the size we ordered (asked for a LG an didn't realize they had an XL) and in just mentioning this, the owner sent a couple of slices to our table at no charge.
Now get this, first time in, the owner greets us and asks our names... Nearly 2 hours later when we go to leave, he thanks us BY NAME!!
I've been back several times since and I have to say, ordering from the "slice pie" is the way to go.
Huge slices.
Pizza is great!
Service is great!
You gotta try it!

After reading the reviews, I was so excited to try it.
Tony was great, garlic knots were great, but the pizza just wasn't so good.
We ordered the Hawaiian Delight.
The crust seemed like frozen pizza dough and the sauce was bland.
The food also took a really long time to arrive at the table.
We also had the caprese salad - hard to mess up, but the tomatoes weren't ripe and should have been thicker sliced.
Probably won't go back, but if I did - I'd try something else, like the pasta or entrees.

This place was recommended from my boyfriends co-wokers.
Said this place had the best pizza.
He was right.
When you get there the guys ask your name and give you some their garlic knots which are AMAZING!
The guy are so polite and nice.
As our first time there we had to look at the menu for a bit.
As we were standing there other customers were coming in and ordering.
He greeted everyone by name even the kids that were coming in.
It feels very homey and so nice going into the store.
When we finally got to ordering I had a few questions to ask especially about what I should get.
I got the special that they had that day pizza and salad.
My boyfriend went all out and got a full sized calzone.
We had to wait a few minutes for his food but when it got there it was HUGE!
It was delicous.
THere was so much meat and filling that I should have just ate that with him.
In the end he only got through about 1/3 of it.
I made the mistake of getting dessert as well.
Now its not a bad mistake on their part just mine mind you.
I thought that one slice of pizza and a salad wasn't enough but once I got the tiramisu it was so rich and moist and just plain great that I regretted eating the pizza and salad because I was so full that I couldn't eat it all.
I was sad that I did not get to try thr wings because I love hot wings.
The trek from tempe to gilbert was well worth the time and plan on going again.
There is a reason they are top rated!
Highly recommended!

Fantastic family place with great pizza and friendly service.
Always get the pizza, and my wife loves the calzones, and unless you are sharing you absolutely don't need a large.
The food is fantastic, but the staff makes this the best pizza place in town.

This place is great!
The owner is really nice and introduces himself and really thanks you for coming in.
On your first visit you get free garlic knots - which are so good!
As much as you want to finish your food it's so hard because it's so filling.
I love the vibe and decor and the bathroom is nice too!
I loved it and will definitely be back.

Killer pizza!
If you are from the East Coast than it should be mandatory for you to eat here once a week!
Outstanding garlic knots!

I initially called in after reviewing other Yelp reviews and checking out the menu to see what the owner recommend.
Tony was very friendly and helpful, informing me that the meatballs and eggplant are homemade.
He also offered free garlic knots as a first-time customer, which I was thrilled about because those also got great reviews.
When I came to pick up my food, you can immediately feel the ambience and the friendliness of the whole staff.
Tony shook my hand and introduced himself...such wonderful customer service!
I will definitely be back to try the eggplant sub!

Great Pizza--friendly atmosphere!
These guys are the best.

Terrific pizza, terrific service.
What more could you want in a pizza joint?
The pizza is "New York Style" and you can just buy pieces if you wish... try several different toppings in one meal.

Great Pizza and Garlic Knots.
Definitely compares to the pizza I used to get in Bay Ridge Brooklyn.
The sandwiches are great as well.
Some places in the area claim to use Boars Head meat and don't.
These guys do and it makes the sub outstanding!
We need to try rest of the menu, but so far I'm very pleased.

We read the reviews & had to try it.
The wife & I stopped in last night & were glad we did.
The garlic knots are very good.
Ordered  a large NY special & more garlic knots.
Very tasty last night & it was delicious warmed up.

These guys know how to make a great pizza.
I've only tried the slices and garlic knots because I can't bring myself to order anything else.
The owners and employees are great.
I only wish they were farther east so I could go more often...

Second time eating here, got the spaghetti with meatballs the meatballs were good but could have a couple more for $11.
I've definitely had better spaghetti n meatballs I wouldn't say it was bad just expected more for $11 and from a place that has great pizza.
Would say for same price nypd has better pasta.

I went there with my wife and got a order of the garlic knots and a white pizza with just cheese.
The garlic knots were okay.
The white pizza all I can say is holy cow.
I was only able to eat three pieces.
I wasn't full, the pizza was really rich.
It took me a few days before I could even consider eating any sort of cheese again.
The service was great.
I will be no doubt be going here again

"You've Tried the Rest, NOW Try the BEST"  By far, THEE best pizzeria in the Phoenix metro area.
These guys make you feel at home, and like family.
Great place for lunch or dinner.
The food is above all the rest, because they know how it's supposed to be done.
I mean, c'mon, they're from NYC......... Worth the visit.
I drive 20+ miles just to eat here.
Never a let down

Came here last week for the first time due to all of the amazing Yelp reviews and I ordered ahead of time for a pick up.
I usually order simple pizzas to make it quick and its hard to mess it up, so I asked for a large Neopolitan (thin-crust) cheese pizza and an order of Garlic Knots.
They told me it would take 35-40 minutes to make my pizza; it was late in the afternoon, but maybe they have an early-dinner rush(?).
The pizza was steaming hot and ready when I got there, but then the guy at the cash register handed me a box of the knots and told me "30 seconds in the microwave and they will soften up"... Um.. ?
HUH?
I wish he had given me fresh knots, I don't think it would have been that difficult.
Pizza was pretty delicious, I LOVE thin-crust and the cheese was perfect, sauce was good, and crust was soft.
HOWEVER, maybe its because I had to microwave the knots, but yuck.
I bit into one and it was completely covered in pepper...
I don't think I would order these again.
I would give it a 4-to-5 for the pizza, but the knots and having to microwave anything I get from a restaurant makes me give it a 3/5.
Great location, off of Val-Vista next to a Water-&-Ice shop so you can always pick up some ice cream to go as well :)

Just like New York!
Great Friendly family service!
The food...Ah-mazing!
We wanted to try everything- we settled on the lasagna, baked ziti, and meat ravioli.
We also got a side of meatballs and tried a slice of white pizza.
All were sooooo yummy- the sauce was perfect!
We will be back because there is so much more to enjoy!

This Casanova Brothers review will be in the same vein as some of the other 3 star reviews.
The customer service was so good that it makes me wish I could rave about the pizza.
It's your typical NY-style pizza with big, soft, foldable slices.
We picked up a margherita pizza on a busy Saturday night.
The owner, Tony, introduced himself and shook our hands while we waited in line.
He made us feel very welcome as did the rest of the staff.
I got the garlic knots since they were so highly recommened on Yelp, but I should have trusted my first instinct to avoid them.
After zapping them in the microwave per the instructions on the container, I found the knots to be chewy and bland.
The side of marinara didn't help at all.
It was watery and had an unpleasant flavor.
I usually love to drown my food in sauce, but the knots actually tasted better without.
The pizza was pretty good.
Casanova Brothers uses excellent cheese, no doubt about that.
There was lots of garlic on the margherita, just how we like it, but it was definitely the minced stuff from a jar and not "fresh garlic" as promised on the menu.
There was very little flavor from the basil because it got baked to a crisp.
It would have been better if they put it on after it came out of the oven.
The pizza cost just as much as a pie at Grimaldi's so I think we'll be sticking with them instead of Casanova Brothers.
It's a shame because I would rather patronize a local place, but I have to follow my stomach.

In a world where proper serving and customer service is in decay, Casanova Brothers steps up to the plate.
The staff are quick to remember your name and anything else about you for your return visit.
Their ability to make you part of their family while providing great tasting food really sets their restaurant apart.

I really enjoy 'ma and 'pa eateries, and this place is one of the best I've been to in my hometown.
I only seen the brothers once on a Saturday and they were extremely nice and courteous.
Any other time I've been there Luigi has been working and he recognizes myself and my friend every time we come in.
Now that is worth at least 3 stars right there.
The food was spectacular!
The calzones are to die for and the canolis leave me speechless.
(You only get 3 but since my buddy and I were sharing, Luigi threw in a 4th one) Not to mention he gives us free garlic knots sometimes too.
I've never been to NY or any other type of NY Pizzeria, but I would expect Casanovas to be the closest to authenticity then any other place here.
The atmosphere was amazing and clean.
If I was a Yankees or Mets fan, I would probably faint because of their memorabilia, but its a nice touch.
Overall a very good place to eat and make new friends.
This place is awesome!

Hey forgetaboutit!!!
Best NYC style pizza in town!
Plus very friendly staff and owners ;)

The ABSOLUTE BEST Pizza I have had since I moved from New York to Arizona hands down!
I love ordering from here.
It's the closest tasting to home that I have had in years.
Good pizza, good hot subs.
Absolutely love that they have eggplant parmigiana heroes, I get one every time.
Cannot stress enough how this is the place to get your pizza and heroes from.

Excellent.
A touch of NY in AZ.
The meat balls are terrrrific!
Tony is more than hospitable, truly appreciates his patrons.
I'll be back with friends and family.
Keep them yummy pies a comin!!

This is one of the best NY style pizza places in town.
You're greeted immediately by the owner who offers you complimentary garlic knots.
The pizza is the main attraction but the also do calzones and other italian foods.
We ordered a meatball/ricotta cheese pizza which was my favorite.
I liked how it wasnt that sloppy looking with not alot of grease.
The crust was thin and lightly crispy but still easy to fold.
The owner himself walks around and makes sure everyone is enjoying their food, we felt like we were a guest in someone's home.
For dessert, the owner brought by some fresh and hot doughnuts topped with powdered sugar/honey.
Everytime I've been back its the same awesome service, so you know its not just for first-timers.

Good pizza and cool atmosphere, will definitely return when I get the chance!

Huge slices for the price, that's about the best I can say.
The atmosphere was nice enough for a small place, however, since I ordered ahead for take out I am reviewing based on my food.
Let's start with the garlic knots.
After reading other reviews, I guess I was supposed to microwave them per instructions on the box?
Mine came in a styrofoam container in a brown paper bag and I didn't know (no instructions for me), so to my disappointment, they were cold.
Yuck!
Now for the pizza, it was just okay.
Thank goodness our stomachs were growling and neither one of us had breakfast!
When asked if the new place was a thumbs up or down, my boyfriend replied, "Meh, I've had better.
But I've had worse too.
" The ham looked like cut up sandwhich ham that was bunched up across the pizza.
Also, the crust was tough towards the outside and it was lacking in sauce.
I was hoping for better based on the Yelp reviews and given our usual go to pizza place is no longer right down the street.
I'll keep looking.

I love Casanova Brothers Pizza!
I went for the first time this last week and i was truely impressed!
I live right in that area and i am embarrassed i did not know about Casanova Brothers before!
This Might be my new favirote pizza place in Gilbert!
The Food was amazing and the price was more then reasonable!
I went for lunch and they had a few specials that you can choose from for a cheap price!
The Pizza is NYC style and it feels like you are in New York when you eat there!
I would recomand this place to anyone that enjoys pizza or just food in general!

Best food.
Tony and mike go out of their way to welcome you.
it's   Like being back in NY.

I've read some of the negative comments and I believe these reviewers are either from outer space or are Scientologists.
The pizza is fabulous and the toppings are fresh and tasty.
I adore the garlic knots and marinara sauce.
I have tried their pasta dishes and licked my plates clean.
I highly recommend their Cesar salad - delizioso!
The service is good, but be prepared to wait after you order.
They make all their pizzas by hand so it takes a bit longer then the chain pizzerias.
Prices are reasonable and there is a good selection on their menu.
Casanova Brothers is favoloso!

Love this restaurant.
Every time I walk in the door "Tony & Mike" make you feel like family.
I have never been to a restaurant with more friendly owners than this.
Always had awesome NY style food.
Garlic knots they give as appetizers are always fresh, pizza is high quality, & cannolis are great for desert.
Over all experience is always great at this place.
Highly recommended!

Decent pizza, good wings, and outstanding service.

....maybe the best deep dish pizza I've ever had.

This place is awesome.
The brothers are so welcoming and friendly, if you go often they will greet you by name.
The pizza is excellent.

I'm with Sandra M. on this one guys.
Casanova Brothers is just - aight.
I ordered 1 slice of pepperoni and a drink to go.
Because I mentioned that it was my first ever visit, they gave me a free order of garlic dough knots.
Now that was real cool and unexpected.
When I walked in, the atmosphere was friendly from the staff, though I felt awkward when the 6 or so customers in the restaurant all stopped and turned to see who was coming in.
...
I suppose my presence has that effect on people.
I mean, I WAS wearing these awesome sunglasses.
My fave.
Maybe I looked like a celebrity...
Imagine the light hitting my face just right, and the draft from the door blowing my hair in just the right direction... Yeah, that was it.
I am a celebrity.
For a hot second.
All right, all right - the dream is over.
Back to the pizza: My slice of pepperoni was good.
The crust had a good balance of crisp and soft all the way through, the sauce tasted authentic though forgettable, and the pepperoni looked generic but had the right amount of crisp to it and no floating grease.
That's important.
The real downer were the dough knots.
Ew.
I was looking forward to these.
The instructions on the Styrofoam container said something like "heat for 30 seconds in microwaveable container.
" I did that and ended up with overheated, extra tough dough knots.
Boo.
My previous pizza-by-the-slice restaurant nearest me moved or closed or something.
It was my favorite.
So I was hoping to find an alternative.
Jury's still out on that one...
I could easily give my experience 2 stars.
BUT, three stars for the free dough knots (even though I threw them away).
The gesture was thoughtful enough to warrant a return visit.
(Side note: My Coke was delicious from the self-serve fountain.
It had the perfect amount of syrup to carbonated water.
But I didn't come for the Coke...)

I highly recommend this amazing eatery and the staff is very friendly.
The pizza is awesome:-)

Great food and great service.

I love this place.
You'll be warmly greeted by the staff / owners, served quickly and you just feel like your a part of this place.
To be honest, I would still come here if they weren't so nice to me.
I love the pizza.
I prefer to call ahead for pickup so I can take it back and devour it in private.
Cannoli's are spot on.
Baked Ziti is okay - I've had better.
Pizza is amazing.
Garlic knots are okay - I've had better.
Pizza is addicting.

My husband and I rarely eat out due to eating very clean through out the week, so when we go out it is a splurge.
A girl from work told me about Cassanova Bros' pizza.
She said it was awesome, so I convinced my husband to go.
It was a drive from out house but WELL WORTH IT.
I got a white pizza with fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, and tomatoes, spousal unit got neapolitan with sausage, pepperoni, and bacon.
SOOOO GOOD!
usually i eat about 2-3 pieces but this pizza I couldn't stop eating it.
Fresh, creamy, crunchy, chewy... delicious.
My man killed his entire pizza.
Enough said.
We will absolutely be going back.
You should go, place is unassuming, and casual, they will make you feel like you have been going for years and are old friends.
go there.

We decided to give this place a try because we've tried pretty much every pizza place around our neighborhood, and I'm glad we did!
As soon as pick up my large special combo pizza, the owner (which I didn't know was the owner at the time), asked if it was my first time, and how I found them.. which I find something that many many places never have these days.
An owner running every position possible in the place, workin' it like he's not better than his employees.
I had to admire that.
I shook my hand and said he'll add some free garlic knots to my order.
And he helped me out the door since the pizza and knots were so big.
Very good pizza, lots of leftovers and delicious knots.. refreshing business to have around the corner.

This place makes you feel like family.
Tony brought out our pizza and some garlic knots that were on the house for our first visit and a handshake.
Find me another place local that the owner greets their customers with a handshake and I will gladly go.
The pizza, there is not enough room to describe it.
It is the best in AZ, period.
Garlic knots, superb.
Prices, way too low for what you get.
They are well worth our commute from Queen Creek.

This is the best pizza I have ever had.
The guy who works there tries to learn your name and the service is awesome.
Tony- you run the best joint in town!

Our Sunday ritual is pizza for lunch, so we decided to try this place we saw on Yelp.
We live 15 miles away, but the reviews made it sound like it was worth the trip.
From the outside it is your classic hole in the wall place, in a main shopping center, with the front windows painted.
The front had a mural of New York and the detail was pretty good, something I've never seen before.
We walk inside and it's a little dark, the menu board is clearly outdated with the numbers and letters tacked to a blackboard.
There's an employee sitting at the table folding boxes right in the front, I found this kind of odd, couldn't he do it in the back?
And as I walked around there's a ton of space in the back of the dining area that he could be folding boxes...
He shouldn't have been in the front where the customers walk in the door.
We place our order but the front counter guy tells us to wait a minute while he answers the telephone.
He should have taken our order first and put the call on hold as we were the only people in line.
We sat at nice clean booth and a few minutes later our garlic knots arrived.
They were nice and hot and they even split them into two baskets for the Mrs. And I.
(That way I couldn't steal her extra ones).
About 30 minutes later hot pizza was delivered to our table.
It was O.K.
It was pretty greasy and the crust reminded me of Peter Piper Pizza.
Not the best, not the worst, certainly not worth $25.
The bathrooms were pretty clean, however the entire place smelled like sanitizer.
I'd probably come back, if I was in the area, and only for a slice and a drink, but we won't be making the 20 minute drive for it.
Not sure why there are so many 5 star reviews, either people don't know there are many other better places for pizza, or maybe the owners have a lot of "goombas" on the payroll to make the place look good.

This place is over HYPED, the pizza was ok NOT great.
If you're looking for a place to sit and chill out , it's a good spot to do just that.

Owner was awesome!
Food was awesome!

My husband and I found this place on Yelp and decided to try it out.
We could not be happier!
The owners have to be the friendliest guys we have ever met.
We called them to ask about specials and they totally hooked us up and when my husband went to pick the pizza up they were the friendliest people you could ever want to meet.
Very personal....and the pizza, wings and garlic knots were AMAZING!!!!!
and you can't beat the price.....we found our new pizza place that we will be very loyal to......they are a MUST!

Definately our favorite pizza place in Gilbert!
My husband was born and raised in Long Island, NY and we are both Italian.
The first thing we did when we moved here was hunt and ask around for a great pizza place and Casanova Brothers came recommended.
Love their pizza and we are looking forward to trying their dinners!

Service is fast and friendly, especially like how they treated my grandson :) kept him busy with pizza dough to play with while we ate!
Best Pizza in Gilbert!

I don't know why I didn't like it before, but I LOVE it now.
Hmmmmm.
Don't know why,but it's just really yummy, filling pizza.
My kids lovethe ravioli but at $10 for 7 small raviolis it's a rip off.
And, i always have to choose which child is my favorite of the night -- who gets 4 ravs, while the other gets 3.
Wish there was a kids menu with an even number of raviolis :-)

I love the food here.
The ingredients are healthful and the taste is exceptional.
The owners bring an inviting atmosphere that is almost lost in food service.
They would receive full stars from me if it were not for the fact that their food quality is not consistent.
I have come to the decision that I call ahead of time and ask if one of the owners is working since my orders are never consistent otherwise.

Great pizza and great calzone.
We tried this place tonight and we were so glad we went.
Friendly service by Tony who greeted us like we were old friends.
Loved the complimentary garlic knots!
We are Italian and from NY and so we are extremely picky about pizza.
This pizza is delicious the mozzarella was quality!
We can't wait to go back.
Ps the complimentary Zeppolli and the end of our meal was a nice touch reminded me of our home town.

I like garlic but garlic knots were so heavy on garlic that they were hot.
Owners and staff were fabulous but pizza was just average.
Most likely won't be going back.

I have to say that what makes this place memorable to me is the owner Tony... he is a crack up whether intentionally or not and very friendly.
The pizzas are huge and quite good.

I stopped in for lunch last week, and I was so pleasantly surprised at the high level of customer service I received.
It was my first time trying Casanova Bros, so the owner gave me a brief explanation of the menu and some possible options to try.
He introduced himself and shook my hand.
The garlic knots were delicious, and my slice of pizza was hot and delicious.
This place has superb customer service and great food.

Food was good, but the service makes them stand apart from the rest!
Great job Casanova Pizza!

Best NY style pizza in the valley!
Try caprese and margarita.
Also we love their eggplant parm or for something simple, spaghetti with marinara sauce ... Yummy homemade sauce.

This place was recommended to us by  a friend recently and, since I just moved to the east valley, I was more than happy to oblige.
The SECOND we walked in Tony (one of the owners) greeted us.
He repeated our names 2-3 times to commit them to memory, promptly filled a basket with fresh, warm, and FREE garlic knots, and told us all about the lunch specials and the menu.
It felt like we walked right into NYC.
Seriously.
The entire staff was friendly, the other patrons were very smiley and welcoming (although we knew none of them).
The pizza was DELICIOUS and hot - foldable slices in true NY fashion.
It's hard to believe there is a New York pizzeria (by the SLICE at that!
) in the east valley... but Tony and his brother?
sure do do it right.
Can't wait to get fat going back time and again.

First timer- just moved here and have been searching for a good east coast pie.
Food- GREAT, service OUTSTANDING!!!
found my new joint and will spread the word.
Thank You!

My parents raved about this place, so we had to try it out!
Excellent and very warm service from start to finish!
My 2 year old is a very picky eating and she couldn't get enough of the pizza!
She loved it.
It was delicious and exactly what I was hoping for!
Definitely going back very soon:)

I love these guys!
VERY solid pizza and a great atmosphere.
It only took two or three visits before Luigi was welcoming my entire family (myself, my father, my niece, her boyfriend, etc) by name.
The garlic knots are strong, the sandwiches are good, and the New York style pizza is great.
Terrific!
Just like grabbing a slice in Manhattan.

Hubby took me here a couple weeks ago, must say pretty good pizza!
We had to wait for about 45 mins for the pizza but it was worth the wait!
And I can understand why it took so long, they had so many customers.
Mostly regulars but I totally understand why they all keep coming back.
The staff is very friendly and makes you feel like your part of the family!
Garlic knots are good especially with cheese, if you want quicker service call in your order before coming in and pick it up!
No wait and you can enjoy your pizza in the comfort of your own home!

Great fresh food.
Love the sauce.
Not sure I can call the pizza ny style but its damn good.
Cafine free dietcoke which is a deal breaker for me.
Calzone is very good.
Egg plant had tough skin but I can't remember for sure but I didn't like the eggplant.
So don't hold me to that.

The staff is amazing.
The food is uh-mazing!!
Everything is hot and freshly made, so be prepared for a little wait, but it is so worth it!
Their cannolis are to die for, I literally lick the plate (I have no shame).
I recommended this place to a friend a few months ago and they are still thanking me for it  I've only had pizza there but my friend loves their sandwiches.
It's just a place you have to go to and eat.
Great atmosphere, they treat you like family.
Delicious!

Good pie!
We come here often and never have been disappointed.
Nice crust and sauce.
Enjoy pizza by the slice or the whole pie.
The basic cheese pizza is our favorite.
Like others, we have always had excellent service.
I was surprised to see someone ran into a service issue as we have always been made to feel welcome and the staff has been eager to please.
One of these days we will have to try something other than the pizza.

Casanova Brothers is the best!
The owners are there everyday and make a point of introducing themselves and learning your name.
Pretty cool when there is a family/friend owned business that works well and they want to make you a part of their family.
The pizza is amazing of course, but they have really good sandwiches and salads as well.

What sets Casanova Brothers apart?
Definitely the food, it's homemade and authentic, the Pizza is true to New York style and has great crust.
Tony the owner is from New York and has that perfect New York blend of not wasting any time but also having a good atmosphere.

This place is awesome.
I have been nearly home sick working out here.
But this place made it all better.

Loved this place!!
We decided to come try it  because of recent yelp reviews, and they didn't disappoint!
:) The employees are the best and even call you by your first name.
Some of the best customer service I have ever had in a restaurant.
We had the antipasto salad, wings and pepperoni pizza and it was all GREAT!
The wings were so good and crispy!
We will be back!!

I ate pizza here tonight, and it was pretty good.
Reminded me of pizza I'd get in Jersey or NY, where I lived before AZ.
The crust is thin and chewy, which I like.
My daughter really liked cheese pizza and the garlic knots.
I'd definitely go back.
The 5 star is held by my favorite place for pizza in Bay Area.

Very impressed!
Amazing customer service along with amazing Eggplant Parmesan !!!
We will definitely go back!!

My business coaching clients need to visit Casanova Brothers to see in real life how to give customer service that will keep your customers coming back.
Flew from Jacksonville FL and landed in Phoenix a ton of hours later.
Met my son and an old College friend at Casanova's AND the very second I walked in Tony welcomed with a warm heart my friend Aaron my son Jake and myself.
At the same time he acknowledged the people behind us and assured them he would give them his full attention in just a moment.
Instead of ordering a pizza, we had him order one for us.
We ended up with a half white pizza and half pep, sausage and ham that was out of this world.
The pizza is of the highest quality.
They don't serve any beer for whatever reason (missing out on a high profit item).
And the service is the best in the service industry I have seen for a long time.
Very refreshing, friendly place.
You walk in and feel like Norm from Cheers.
Even if the pizza was marginal, I would come back.
Good thing is the pizza is pretty fantastic,

Seriously, these guys are the nicest people you'll ever meet.
They have a HUGE client base now and somehow manage to remember everyone's names.
The pizza is incredible.
Try the White pizza (thin crust) with spinach.
It's amazing.
Be sure to call WELL ahead (an hour or more) during prime dinner time, especially on a weekend, or you'll have quite the wait.
I've had their entrees before as well, but the pizza is where it's at.
Amaaaaazing.

Best pizza shop in Arizona by far if you want a taste of New York this is the only spot to go to you will not be disappointed

It looks, feels, sounds, smells, and most importantly tastes like the pizzerias I was raised at in Queens.
Tony sounds like the New Yorkers I grew up with, just nicer.
He is always happy to see you and treats everybody like gold.
Very good pizza but this place is all about the sandwiches and pasta.
I love the Chicken parm hero.
Yummy baked ziti, and very good meatball parm hero.
The only negative.
These boys are from the Bronx and are yankee fans.
LETS GO METS!!

Went here a Buddy on mine.
It was our first time going so did not know what to expect.
We were greeted by Tony who introduced himself shook out hand and was just a great guy.
Since it was our first time there Tony gave us an order of Garlic Knots free of charge.
They where great Nice and doughy the way I like em.
We ended up ordering the Deluxe pizza, it came out pipping hot and looking great.
Had to wait a little for it to cool off, but it tasted great.
The staff there are nice and helpful, Food was delicious.
Now for the cons, We had to wait approximately 30 min for food.
They where busy and did order a large pizza, but was still a long wait.
They also do not have pizza smaller then 14" unless you want just a single slice.
For the wait I would suggest just call ahead and let them know what time you will be arriving if dinning in, as for the one just be prepared for left overs.

First off, the service is awesome.
The owner greeted us right away and asked if I'd been there before(I hadn't).
As I told him it was my first time, he offered some garlic knots on the house for a first time visit.
We ordered a simple pepperoni pizza.
It came out promptly and my boys and I devoured it quickly.
My boys raved about how good it was.
We will be back.
Looking forward to try some of the awesome dishes the other patrons were eating.

Super friendly owners who get to know you by name.
Calzones are huge and great.
They sell individual slices of pizza.
Love the meatball sub and the sausage sub.

Great pizza and cheese garlic knots!
Had the fried zucchini also very good staff was nice and friendly on the phone and when we pick up our order.
Will be back again!!!

I have been on a quest, since moving to Arizona, to find NY Style Pizza.
Other places just add "NY Style" to their storefront, but fail to deliver.
I tried 1 slice with Xtra cheese and meatballs...and I literally pictured myself walking in NYC eating a slice of NY Pizza.
They delivered on their claim and the service was wonderful!
Two thumbs way up!

A-Plus..Tony, Mike Jr, Luigi & the entire crew make you feel like you are the most important customer there is.
Food is awesome, service is excellent.
I've had pizza, both neo & sicilian, garlic knots, ravioli, manicotti, calzone.
they have all been great.
Been going there for 5 years, there is no other place for me.

We recently moved to the neighborhood near this pizza place and have heard amazing things.
First time we went in it was amazing!
It was hot and fresh right out of the oven.
Terrific service, they made sure to ask our names and tell us thank you for coming in said our names on the way out too.
That was great.
The second time we went for a late lunch and the same super friendly man was not at the counter.
There were younger workers there and they weren't very friendly.
Our garlic knots tasted microwaved which was very disappointing; however our slices of pizza were hot out of the oven and crispy.
Such good pizza!
All in all this is still my favorite pizza place-it can't be 5 star everytime but they sure come darn close!

Great service!
My friend from New York was craving NY-style pizza and luckily we accidentally stumbled upon this place.
The first time we came in Tony was extremely hospitable and introduced himself and has remembered our names ever since!
He also gave us 6 free garlic knots on our first visit, but that's not the best part.
They're pizza is phenomenal!!
The crust is always perfectly thin, but never dry like some other places, and the toppings are really fresh.
I always get anchovies with my white pizza and a lot of places I've been to serve frozen anchovies, but here they are fresh.
My go-to order here is the white pizza with garlic, anchovies, and basil.
I can never get sick of it!
The fried zucchini is also great, not the frozen kind but fresh zucchini fried on the spot.
This place is definitely a must-go-to joint if you love pizza!

A solid NY style slice that is a great weeknight option.
But what really sets this place apart is their customer service.
They are so nice and welcoming that you will be wondering how they could possibly be from New York.

Just an FYI; anyone saying anything terrible about this place is either a competitor or has no idea what they are talking about.
Even reviews from food critics give this place excellent ratings.
There is nothing i could say that other have not said on their reviews.
Just a great team that does a great job at what they do!

This has to be the friendliest pizza place around.
The owner knew everyone's name and never forgot.
The pizza was outstanding and we will most definitely be back.
I would give them 100 stars if I could.

This is hands down one of my favorite pizza places in the whole valley!
New York style pizza/garlic knots/cannolis served by the nicest brothers in town.
They WILL remember your name.
Don't be surprised if when you call for takeout, they give you a ridiculously long wait time (up to an hour)--it's only because they make everything fresh with the best ingredients (and everyone in town knows it, so the place is usually packed)!
Their margherita pizza is heavenly--but you will repel vampires and those around you for a day or so due to the garlic--but it's SO worth it!
Also, the food is a bit more pricey than a normal pizza joint but I think it's justified for the quality and taste of what you're getting.
Highly recommend!

Went in for lunch.
They have a lot of specials to choose from.
Had the 2 slice special.
Pizza came out nice and hot.
It was cheesy.
Crust was doughy but not too doughy.
And it was crisp but not too hard.
Overall, pretty good slices and I'll be back to try the Sicilian style pizza and the garlic knots.

First time trying pizza from here.
Great NY style pizza!
Tony and the staff were great.
I highly recommend it.

We've lived in Gilbert about six years and unfortunately I had no idea this restaurant was even here.
What a gem!
As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a jovial Tony behind the counter who also quickly introduced his brother saying, "and over there's my brother Mikey!
" It is really reminded me of the eight years that I lived in New York.
In my opinion you three things for a successful restaurant: good service, ambience, good food.
The brothers immediately established the service end of that equation.
The ambience was cool to as they were playing Sinatra and other big-band type music and adorned on the walls were pictures of famous New Yorkers and whatnot.
The food didn't disappoint either as it  looked and tasted authentic New York.
These guys get it about good service and that means a lot to me.
We will definitely be back.

Was looking for a place to eat and Yelp pulled up this place.
Me and my son Brady walked in and was instantly greeted by Tony.
Very friendly fellow.
With time constraints we went with the slices.
Little disappointed the slices were already made and they just put the toppings on and reheated but I can understand why.
Slices were very big and 2 easily filled me up.
The slices themselves were a thinner crust, cheese was good and toppings also good.
Nothing exceptional.
The prices were what I expected from a non-chain pizza place.
I would like to come back to see how a fresh made pie would be like and I enjoyed how friendly Tony and his crew were.
Overall a good first impression.

Mike 2/23/014 a friend told me about this place coming from newyork this is the closest to newyork taste they got a new customer im gonna tell my friends about this place

This is the BEST PIZZA in town...but don't stop there!
Baked ziti...Sausage Parm.....garlic knots all hit the spot.
Also, phenomenal service ...I have sent employees here to show them how my customers should feel.
Get in there!

Casanova Brothers is a great place to go and get great food!
The two brothers know what giving great services is all about!

I've come to realize that Gilbert restaurants are not held to the same standard as metropolitan areas.
Don't believe the reviews.
This place is below mediocre.
I would've given this place one star but gave it two stars because the staff was friendly.
I make better pizza at home.

What a great place.
So friendly!
The wings are awesome.
I love the cheese pizza!
We will be back!

This place was the best pizza place I have ever been to.
Great sicilian pizza, fresh toppings etc.
And their fettuccine Alfredo was amazing as well!
Definitely recommend this place.
Garlic knots and dessert was fantastic too.

Mike and Tony have treated us right since they opened - our 4 year old had her first pizza here.
Can only comment on the pizza since it is the only dish we have had from here - It is a GOOD New York style pie.
Unlike some other family owned places in the area, they have been very consistent in the quality of their pies and it does not seem to matter who is in the kitchen.
We have since moved away and miss having a neighborhood pizza place around the corner.
This place beats any national chain and is one of the best pizzas in the North Gilbert/Mesa area.

4.5 stars Very good pizza by the slice and great service and people!
Quick, inexpensive, and tasty meal.

I'm really disappointed that I live so far away from this spot.
Swung by with the wife, I loved it and so did she (and she's preggo & super picky).
Place had a ton of people in and out, good sign.
If you live nearby this is the perfect place to grab some pizza and wings for pick up...literally saw about 20 people do that while we had our slices.
Also the staff is super nice and friendly.

Let me start by saying that Tony is the shiz.
We walked in and he was friendly right off the bat.
He asked if it was our first time here and we said yes.
He asked for our names and called us by name throughout our whole dining experience.
Before we ordered he gave us free garlic knots!
They were delicious.
The pizza was soooo good.
The crust was the perfect crispness and was not soggy due to grease.
I enjoyed the sauce and the whole pizza in general.
THEN Tony brought us free fried dough balls... Omg.
They were to die for.
Hah.
So so yummy.
This is the place you'd bring out of state visitors to show them what Gilbert is all about.
We will continue to go back because of Tony!
And the pizza.
And the atmosphere.
And the fried dough balls!

Amazing place to grab a slice!
Awesome customer service with a warm and inviting atmosphere.
Tony makes time to introduce himself and give wonderful insight on selecting the perfect slice.
The garlic knots are delicious and the pizza is fantastic with a true crispy crust.
Make sure to grab some cannolis before you go!

I came here based on the other reviews, and was left underwhelmed.
I ordered the calzone, which must have took a half hour to make and I was only one of 3 parties there!
It was overstuffed with cheese and very little meat.
Sauce was bland.
The food wasn't exactly BAD, but it's not something I would look forward to trying again.

This place gets five stars right off the bat due to their service!
We eat there sporadically but Tony always recognizes us.
The first time we ate there I ordered a small pasta and a side salad.
The girl at the counter rang my order up and I took my seat.
A minute later, Tony walked up to me and handed me $2 and some change then explained to me that there was a way to make my meal a combo which included a salad and made it cheaper so he was giving me back the difference!
Where else can you get amazing customer service like that?
The restaurant itself is very clean and casual.
The food is very good!
I love the fettuccine alfredo and caprese salad!
I highly recommend Casanova Bros!

Delicious pizza.
Friendly people.
Convenient location.
My friends and I finished the ToughMudder out in Eastmark and were jonesin' for some delicious food.
We yelped this pizza place and figured, 'why not?!
" Parking was easy (location points), and we walked right in were greeted by Tony (uh, a name like Tony in an Italian place?
Authenticity points), given some free garlic knots for it being our first visit (awesome points), and on top of all that the pizza was SO good.
The thinner crust is so delicious, and it was cooked perfectly.
They have salads, appetizers, pizza, pasta, and the service is second to none.
Would I go back?
Duh.
Would I recommend this place to others?
Duh.
Would I dream about them opening locations with super friendly Tonys all over the valley?
Every night.

This is the BEST pizza and Italian food restaurant you will find in Gilbert/Mesa/Phoenix area!
Tony Casanova is truly the nicest guy you will ever meet.
He will ask for your name so he can welcome you on a first name basis every time you stop in, is very friendly and makes every visit exceptional with his hospitality!
The FOOD itself is simply OUTSTANDING, and I have tried many of the items on the menu.
The baked ziti is incredible, with the best sauce & cheese you will find on this dish.
The baked manicotti is another amazing dish, with the perfect blend of ricotta and sauce.
The Sicilian style pizza AND regular New York style pizza are exceptional, again the sauce they make there combined with the bread/cheese is just perfect (at least in my opinion)!
I just tried their fettucine alfredo the other day as well, and WOW is that a superb dish!
The alfredo sauce puts ANY other alfredo sauce I have tried to shame, and I have tried many!
They also have some DELICIOUS 'garlic knots' that are served up with sauce for dipping, in addition to some tremendous dessert offerings.
To top it all off, I think the PRICES at Casanova Bros. are very reasonable for the quality being offered.
I don't think I will ever find a better pizza or Italian dish anywhere in this entire area after having so many tremendous dishes at Casanova Bros.
Thank you Tony and staff!
5 out of 5 stars!

I never write reviews but I had to for these guys.
They do things a little bit differently here compared to most places.
As soon as we walked in the cashier introduced himself shook my hand, looked me in the eye, and asked for my wife and I's name.
He welcomed us then took our order.
We ordered a large Sicilian pizza and some garlic knots.
Tony said first time customers ALWAYS get something free so he gave us the garlic knots on the house!
When we got our pizza we were a little disappointed just because it was the wrong type of pizza.
I asked if this was the right one and it seems like there was a mix up on the order (not surprised, they were super busy on a friday night)  Tony came out and immediately apologized asked if we wanted to change it out.
Since i hate being that customer, I told him now worries.
Despite that Tony said he wanted us to still try it and was going to give us some slices for FREE.
And I am so glad he did the sicilian pizza was amazing!
Super fluffy, cheesy, saucy goodness.
And the slices were huge!
Tony knows the value of customers and how to treat them right.
I told tony we will be coming back (especially for the Sicilian)   Key takeaways:  Owner or Manager Tony is the man!
He knows business and how to satisfy a customer.
FREE Garlic Knots FREE slices of pizza  5 Star Review all the way.
Thank you Tony, we will be back.

These guys are amazing, I wish I lived closer!!!!
The food is great, the calzones are out of this world (give them time to slow cook one for you, you won't regret it)!!!!!
The guys at the front counter amaze me, they introduce themselves to the customers and 99.999% of the time, remember everyone's name!!!
Well worth a trip to try out!!!

I've been to 'Cas (as we call it) so many times that I consider Tony, Mike and Luigi friends.
You certainly feel like family every time you walk through the door, especially because Tony makes it a point to ask your name AND remember it.
He literally remembers the names of everyone who ever walks in for a slice of pie.
If you're in the mood for a "meatlovers" style pizza, go ahead and try the new york special.
It is certainly my favorite.
Also, be sure to mention if it is your first time there.
They like to treat newcomers well, and you will usually get some garlic knots on the house.
finally, finish your meal off with some delicious canolis  or zepolis.

Just got two pies from these guys.
A Hawaiian and a Deluxe.
Delish.
The crust was crispy, a cross between a thin and thick  .
The toppings were tasty and plentiful.
Best of all it was flavorful but not salty.

The best pizza in AZ!

Awesome!
That's all I have to say.
I've been searching for a homemade eggplant parmigiana and I've found it.
Cannolis are AH-mazing.
My kids loved the bread, pizza and wings (no sauce).
Tony's friendliness is just the icing on the cake.
Homey feel, welcome every single person as they walk through.
Can't wait until I'm not full so I can come back.

Ok, I'm only writing this review because I hope the owners will take action to make their business run a little more smoother.
I recently moved to Gilbert and decided to try this place.
1st time was awesome!
Tasted similar to a Phoenix institution called Angie & Jimmie's.
Look them up on the westside.
AWESOME!
Anyways, back to my review... 2nd time around, they forgot about our pizza and it ended up getting burned.
They offered to replace it, but at that point we had waited too long and had to hurry up and eat to leave to finish running errands.
Our wings were a little bit too cooked and ended up on the dry side, and they totally forgot about our garlic knots.
At this point, I figured it was an honest mistake, maybe a bad day.
3rd time around, the pizza tasted as if we went to any other pizza place (borderline microwave pizza) AND to top that off we waited close to an hour for our pizza.
We had to inquire about it TWICE!
I can understand waiting that long for a fully packed joint, but this was on a Wednesday.
The novelty of this place is now long gone and it will probably take me a few month to go back, if that.

If you love NY pizza....this is your place!
Tony, Mike and Luigi treat  you like family!
They get to know everyone who walks in the door and they DO remember your name!
The  pizza is awesome and the wings are amazing!
If you are in the east valley, you HAVE to come here for pizza!
You will feel just like you are at home!

Finally got to go back a few weeks ago and have a freshly made pizza and eat at the restaurant and I was not disappointed.
It was a Friday and the place was packed.
Tony was friendly as usual and remembered me and my son from when we went there before which is nice.
The sauce on the pizza is so good.
Easily my favorite part of the pizza.
Everything about the pizza was great.
The pizza itself makes me want to come back but it's the atmosphere and the owners that make it a must to come back.
I highly recommend this place.

The owner and food are hands down 5 star.
You can't find better pizza and people.
We love this place.

If you are looking for something different but a little piece of Italy, I highly recommend you stop in and see Tony and crew....   Great food and great customer service

Very friendly and attentive even when they were swamped.
You order at counter and they bring you food to your seat.
Plenty of seating at about 5 pm Saturday night.
It was clean inside.
Kids had slices of pepperoni pizza they said it was good not great.
I had eggplant Parmesan without pasta, and I loved it.
The sauce was tasty to me.
We were served complimentary garlic knots which I didn't have, my 17 year old said not enough flavor to those, just blah, but they were free so...
They served warm bread which the kids liked.
I think it came with my food.
I liked it and would eat there again , kids said they would have to try a whole pie to give it another chance.
I did like their sauce though.

Absolutely love this place.
Pizza is always fresh and just like New York.
I live far away so I am only able to come in around once every couple months, but the owner still seems to remember me every time I am in there and greets me by name!
All the guys are super friendly.
Would recommend this place to anyone that wants some real New York pizza.

This place has the best pizza!
And there customer service is amazing!
I would hands down recommend this place if you love NY pizza!

I love this place.
The service is friendly, the food is great.
I don't get down to this part of the valley often but I make it a point to eat here when I do.

Tried this pizza place this evening and was so happy we did!!
The pizza, wings, zucchini, and garlic knots were all AMAZING!!
Everything was absolutely delicious!
I was also so impressed by the customer service.
Our food was ready on time, since it was out first visit we were given an additional order or garlic knots, and everyone was so friendly it felt like we walked into a family dinner.
We will definitely be returning and going the extra few miles for their pizza every time!

i had not been in on over 3 months I walk in and the owner remembers me by first name!!!
needless to say the pizza was awesome and service even better!!!!
great pizza and incredible service... family owned and operated!!!
great establishment!!

I grew up in upstate New York and as a kid one of my favorite things was our monthly trip to the city to see my Aunts, Uncles and Cousins.
New York is known for a lot of things but what I remember most was the food.
More specifically the pizza!
In the age of fast foot pizza chains, Casanova Brothers stands out as having that authentic New York tease.
Best Pizza this side of New York HANDS DOWN!

Being from Long Island ny, this is the only pizzeria I've found that makes me feel like I'm in a pizzeria from back in New York, from the old school look of the place and home style food to match, this is my new go to spot, just how I like it for italian and deli sandwiches

One of the best New York style pizza places around, I go every week and it's just the best!

I stopped in here by complete mistake just this last weekend.
I was in town to see my brother who lives just up the street and I was absolutely starving, so I popped in and figured I'd get a slice to hold me over till dinner.. First off, amazing customer service.
I could not believe how well my wife and I were being treated.
I literally had to pinch myself.
This type of customer service still exists!?!
The man asked my name (I think his name was Lou but I don't recall), he shook my hand and was ecstatic that it was my first time in to the restaurant.
He gave me some garlic bites for free while I waited for our food to be ready.
Then Lou called in to the back of the house and asked for a status on our order.. Then he turned to me and said.. "Which car is yours?
" and I pointed to my truck out front and he says.. "No problem I'll bring your food out to you as soon as it's ready" So I head out to my truck and I wait a few minutes.. Lou pops out with our food and comes to the passenger side window.
He thanked us again for stopping by and asked how the garlic bites were.
We were still in shock from being treated so well inside, now he's at my truck window and didn't miss a beat.
We were so hungry we just pulled over in the parking lot and got to work eating the slices..
The pizza was fantastic.
Usually when you buy a slice somewhere it's some flaccid greasy mess.
But not at Casanova's.
The mozzarella was great quality, the sauce you could tell was made fresh, and the crust was crisp on the bottom and just right all the way through to the end - not burnt, not too undercooked, not tough or soggy.
Seriously if you're in Gilbert and you're near this restaurant go in and get a slice just to try it.
You won't be disappointed.
I'll definitely be back.
This is the only place I've found in the valley doing pizza right AND customer service right.

I had to find a new pizza joint after my old fave changed management and the taste just wasn't the same.
I decided to try this place because of the reviews.
I'm so glad I did.
The pizza is delicious!
Crispy chewy crust just the way I like and just enough grease to my liking.
The service is top notch and they make you feel like appreciated regulars.
Prices are fair and menu is your typical pizza joint offering.
Wonderful NY style pizza and is now my go to place for pizza night.

I've been coming here for years.
Best pizza in the valley hands down.
The hospitality is by far the best you can't beat it.
I highly recommend coming here.
They treat you like family.
And the fettuccine Alfredo is amazing also.

This is a great place.
My first time today!!
I had Sicilian slice, not my norm, but it will be now!!
Fresh and the sauce is awesome!!
I found my new glue for Italian food!!
Great job..I will be back for the cheese ravioli and Spaghetti/ meat sauce!!!
Yummy!!

Went 2 days in a row when if found this gem recently.
Damn good food and good people.
Support this local family's delicious pizza shop, you will not be disappointed!

Great family operated establishment.
They treat customers with a special kind of pizzaz that gives Cas.
a unique feeling of inclusion.
The food is very tasty as well!

Great pizza and friendly service.
The pizza was very New York.
Good flavor and fresh ingredients.
I ordered to go.
They were all very friendly and said thank you as I left.
When I return to phx this will be only list.

Tony greeted me the second I walked in.
I was in kind of a hurry you got two slices to me within 5 minutes and they were outstanding.
Authentic corner shop feel, I highly recommend Casanova brothers pizza.

I see my old review referenced eggplant parm with tough skin.
I do love the calzone here.
But what I hate is old pizza slices.
To me it was worse than frozen pizza.
I'm mad at my self for not sending it back.
I lied to the guy when he asked me when I was leaving sad it was good.
I will never go back.
Enjoy your Caffeine free diet coke I won't drink that again

Just moved to the area and saw the good reviews of this place on Yelp, so I decided to give it a try.
Soooo glad I did!
New York style pizza that tastes great and super friendly!
We will definitely make this our pizza place!

Best pizza, pasta, and subs in town!
Mike, Tony, and Luigi know how to run a pizza joint.
I have been going to this place for years and have always had great food and top notch customer service.
They ask your name and every time you come in they remember it.
Who does that?
No one!
So the pizza is NY style and fantastic but be sure to try the Eggplant Parm Sub and the Ziti if you can stray from the pizza...
I know it is hard but well worth it.
This place is such a asset to Gilbert and worth the drive if you do not live close by.

We had loads of recommendations for this place from friends, and it did not disappoint!!
The atmosphere is much nicer than an average fast-food restaurant or pizza joint.
Their menu includes the classic Italian dishes, hot and cold subs, desserts, and of course pizza.
They've got several styles of pizza, both thin and thick crust and all the popular toppings.
We tried ricotta and sausage, always our go-to.
I'd rank this right up there at the top of our favorite-pizza-joints list.. Service was exceptionally friendly and efficient.
Our pizza was excellent with lots of topping.
We had wings as well, also very good.
We'd definitely recommend Casanova Brothers and will be bringing our family here when they visit next week!

