I finally found a gyno I liked!
And then he gave up his practice.
And then he took it up again.
And then I moved...   We all know how it is trying to find the right doctor, specifically the right gynecologist.
I don't know about you, but once I find a good one, I will drive.
And I do drive for Dr. Brodkin- from Chandler.
Dr. Tara Brodkin is young, friendly, a good listener, and above all extremely professional.
She is willing to answer patients' questions over the phone.
She is patient with those patients who might spend too much time on Web, MD and self- diagnose on their blackberries while in her waiting room.
The office is a nice place to be; the waiting room is well kept and welcoming.
The staff are friendly and accommodating.
I highly recommend Dr. Tara Brodkin.

Dr. Brodkin is the BEST...and don't you deserve the BEST?!?!
She is concerned for your well being as a patient and willing to find the answers to your questions.
Highly recommend!
Email for specific questions :)

Wow!
I have been to several OB practices here in Scottsdale and sad to say, have not been very impressed with any of them (usually over worked doctors and poorly runned or staff issues).
What I usually experince is grumpy front office staff.
Could never figure that out!
Seems like it would be a great job to have, beats digging ditches or working at Walmart!
This place is wonderful!
The front desk staff was nice, friendly and professional (front desk person Christina was a real stand out) She was really professional on top of things and bonus?
Really nice!
Dr. B's medical assistant was great too.
The doctor, Tara Brodkin, MD was amazing.
Professional and had a WONDERFUL bed side manner.
So happy to have found this practice.
Wish I had known of this practice when I delivered my son five years ago!
Best part, my insurance is covered by them!
Highly recommended!
Keep up the good quality service and good, friendly attitudes at your practice!
Being a good doctor is one thing, but keeping your staff professional and with nice attitudes towards patients can be the real challenge!
This practice is run very well from what I experienced!

Dr. Brodkin is a genuinely concerned and competent ob/gyn!
I've moved around the country and had both of my kids with different ob's many years ago in different states.
Dr. Brodkin is an ob/gyn like years past when physicians could really get to know you and spend time with you.
She is a patient's doctor.
I highly recommend her for whatever your needs may be.

If I could give zero stars, that would be my choice.
After waiting for over an hour past my appointment time, and not seeing a health care professional, nor being notified that they were running this late, I left the office, apparently unnoticed.
This is rude, unconscionable (non) service, to which no one should be subjected.

I don't want to speculate that the other ladies in here are either friends or family of dr brodkin but that would be my only explanation for these reviews.
Let me tell you my horror history in this office.
I went to doctor brodkin because I saw these reviews and expected t he best.
This is my first pregnancy and Dr brodkin and her staff have been the least caring or competent.
I've had 3 appointments at this office and only saw the doctor ONCE.
She will send you her PA to see you and perform the Pap smear and pelvic exams.
Also make sure you have pleeeeenty of time for their HOUR long wait.
They will bring you in and have you wait an HOUR to see you.
The last appointment I had was for a colposcopy where I finally met dr brodkin.
She took an hour to see us (no surprise) and came in the room with a horrible attitude, again this is the first time I ever saw the doctor, because my husband asked twice when were we going to be helped.
She made the colposcopy so painful and was extremely mean about me moving and not letting her finish her job.
I wanted to cry the whole time!
I did end up fainting at the end of the procedure and she LEFT THE ROOM to bring her nurses in.
She didn't say anything about my baby or listened to baby's heartbeat or nothing!!!
I trusted this office with my first pregnancy but haven't seen or heard my baby in over a month!!!!
She's mean disrespectful of your time and careless about you or your baby.
I'm gonna give her the benefit of the doubt and think she may be better as a gyno only, don't trust her with your pregnancy I've had a horrifying experience with this people and I wouldn't even recommend "doctor" brodkin to my worst enemy.
I'm desperate to hear my baby and will find a different doctor ASAP.
DO NOT GO HERE!!

I have to respond to the lady (Ginebra C) who complained about having Dr. Brodkin for her first pregnancy.
I am originally from St. Louis and had my second child delivered by Dr. Brodkin.
I understand with your first pregnancy you will have some "expectations" but in all honesty a lot of doctor's offices will make you wait.
Unfortunately it can take at least an hour.
This is with EVERY office.
At least with doctors who are good.
Dr. Brodkin's staff is extremely competent and make you feel at home.
I have a neurological disorder and Dr. Brodkin fought to ensure that I had a safe pregnancy.
She fought the battles against my health care provider when they would not pay out for disability.
She fought my job to get me accommodations when my employer felt I could carry multiple items and work 16 hours a day.
With my first child I had gestational diabetes.
With her help she gave me all the information I needed to make better choices, even if it wasn't something that I wanted to hear, to ensure that my child came out perfect.
Which she did.
I elected to have a cesarean and she did such a wonderful job I was only in pain for one week.
I did not even need to continue taking pain medications she did such a wonderful job!
To put it plainly, not every procedure will be painless especially with your first pregnancy.
You will have to wait at a doctor's office sometimes for an hour.
But in the end you are waiting for the best doctor in Arizona.
You will have doctors that you will not see at every visit because they are delivering babies!
That woman went through hell and back fighting my cause so I have to disagree with your comments that everyone is friends with her who writes these posts.
She was recommended by my regular doctor.
If I am living in another state I would fly back to Arizona just to have her deliver my third child.
Though I disagree with your post at the end of the day I hope you find the right doctor and that you deliver a healthy beautiful child.
For others who are searching I highly recommend Dr. Brodkin.

I have been going to Dr Brodkin for over seven years!
She delivered my first child and is about to deliver my second child.
She is a very honest and respectable doctor.
She treats her patients as friends more so than patients and we have developed such a wonderful rapport.
I travel the extra distance just to go to her and could not imagine going to anyone else.
The office is beautiful.
The office staff is incredibly nice and friendly.
Ana and Wendy the two nurse practitioners are very knowledgable!
highly recommended!!

I had an awful OB/GYN for my first pregnancy, so I went to Dr. Brodkin on a friend's recommendation for my 2nd pregnancy.
I LOVE her!!
She is kind and caring, and really knows what she is doing.
She has 3 kids of her own, so she has "been through it!
" With her own deliveries she did both natural and epidural so that she knows what both are like.
I highly recommend her!!
I've read a couple of reviews that complained about the wait or seeing a NP/PA instead - duh, if an OB/GYN has to deliver a baby, then she may not be at your routine appt or you may have to wait.
Not everyone is scheduling C-sections, so the doctor may not always be available if a patient goes into labor.

