Helping Hands is a great resource for Office or Home Cleaning in the Arizona (valleywide) area.
Brenda, the owner is a pleasure to work with & communicates so well to assure you get exactly what you want.

Helping Hands is a fantastic cleaning service!
Sue, our cleaning lady is absolutely fabulous!
We have her come twice a month, and when she's done, the floors are spotless, the carpets are vacuumed, mirrors and bathrooms cleaned.
No detail goes unnoticed.
On top of this:  I have a dog named Spencer, and not only does Sue do a great job cleaning, but she is also nice enough to let Spenny outside for a mid-day "break".
We really appreciate all of the hard work Sue does and would definitely recommend Helping Hands to anyone looking for a cleaning service.

"Love, love, LOVE Mary Ann!
She is one of the most friendly, courteous and sweet people I have ever met!
Besides making my home sparkling clean, she did everything she could to have my place smell so Awesome!
Helping Hands has impressed me thus far.
I inquired as to an estimate and Brenda returned my call within the same hour.
She was quick and thorough and gave me a reasonable quote.
I had my first deep cleaning earlier this week and Mary Ann did wonderfully.
Everything was dusted and tidy, my fridge and microwave were immaculate as well as my bathroom.
Mirrors and glass were free from all streaks.
Here is what I very much appreciate,My son talked me into buying a couple of guinea pigs a couple of months ago, let me tell you, those rottens can stink up the place after a while.
Mary Ann cleaned throughly and made sure that the pigs room looked and smelled fresh and clean.
I would highly recommend Helping Hands services to anyone--based on their outstanding customer service and a job well done.
They went way above my expectations.
I highly recommend this company.
"   -Lydia A.

Brenda, the owner, was kind enough to schedule a special move-out cleaning on a Saturday for our daughter.
The house they were leaving had its challenges, but Cheyenne stepped up and made it all shine!
She was a pleasure to be around and was so diligent.
Our daughter has hinted that a good Christmas present would be to have Cheyenne come back for a "deep clean" every 6 months.
As for us, Cheyenne will be our go-to gal when we need cleaning services.
I recommend the company very highly.

I'm sorry to have to remove 3 stars from my rating, but a recent experience with Brenda, the owner, left me feeling 5 stars were undeserved.
Just to be clear, Cheyenne is absolutely worth 5 stars (and more).
She was fantastic.
My problem is with Brenda.
I called her before Thanksgiving to schedule Cheyenne to come a month later to clean before company comes for the holidays.
Brenda actually said, "We love you for calling in advance!
" She then promised to call me back the next week (after Thanksgiving) to give me a time frame.
When I didn't hear back from her the week after Thanksgiving, I called to remind her that she was going to give me a time.
She apologized and said she'd get hold of Cheyenne and call me right back.
Later that day, she called and went into great detail about how busy Cheyenne is and how she doesn't know how she'll survive that week, blah, blah, blah.
Bottom line: Cheyenne is no longer available to come and clean on the day I'd scheduled.
In fact, she's not available that entire week, according to Brenda.
Brenda wanted to send someone else, but it was Cheyenne who I was hiring.
I'm about 90% sure that what happened is Brenda forgot to put it on her calendar when I first called.
During my initial encounter with Brenda in October, she struck me as being a little scatter-brained, but I put that down to a one-time thing.
Now, I think she's just a very poor manager.
What made this worse is that I then had to scramble to find someone to come in that week.
Fortunately, the cleaning company I've used over the years was able to fit me in...and they don't forget to calendar their appointments.
If I could deal directly with Cheyenne, that would be great, but that's not allowed.
They not only lost me as a potential monthly customer, but for Christmas, we were going to give my daughter the gift of having Cheyenne come into their new home every few months to clean.

