'Berto's in my 'hood!
The newest Filiberto's has just opened on the corner of 16th Street and McDowell (what used to be a KFC).
We happened to catch them on opening day, and it showed.
The cashiers were nice, but a little confused about how to take orders, communicate them to the kitchen, and how to work the cash register.
Hubby and I both ended up getting way more food than we actually ordered.
Half order of Super Nachos my ass.
The Chile Rellenos came as a meal deal, instead of the enchilada we ordered.
Hubby felt a little queasy afterward, but it was from the spiciness, he thought.
I have since ordered a breakfast burrito through the drive-through on my way to work, and it was just ok.
The eggs were overcooked and the cheese not distributed very well.
Again, way more than I could eat, but it kept me full 'til dinner.
This location is open 24 hours.
They accept cash and debit cards, with a 60 cent surcharge.
Parking is tight, and slightly scary.

Nothing special about this place, i guess a burrito is a burrito anywhere, good for a quick ,heavy,crappy meal if that's what you're looking for....and be ready to digest it for the next 3 days,not one of my favorite places.

I have traveled far and wide across this great nation, and nowhere compares to Phoenix when it comes to cheap, fast, and delicious Mexican food.
The chile relleno burrito at Filiberto's is a case study in why.
A breaded and fried chile stuffed with cheese and drowned in guacamole and pico de gallo, wrapped in a warm, soft tortilla that tastes fresh off the stone - ignoring cholesterol and fat, what could be wrong with that?
Drown it down with a sweet cup of horchata, and you have entered post-drunk, pre-dreamland nirvana.
For meat lovers, the carne asada is yummy, but I think my favorite is the patròn burrito.
Also, Filly B's doesn't use lard in their beans, which makes it a go-to place for my vegan friends when hunger strikes at two in the morning.
If you want fine cuisine, go to the Barrio Cafe and be prepared to pay for it.
if you want delicious and equally authentic Mexican food, visit Filly's, any time.
There's a reason there's a line for breakfast burritos at five in the morning.
Also, a veteran's tip - avoid the drive-thru and go inside, if you can.
Even if you are ordering your food to go.
Trust me.
A Filiberto's drive-thru line is a place where time ceases to have meaning and the fourth dimension gets clogged.

This is definitely the LATE NIGHT hot spot.
Since it is only one of the few places open 24 hours in phoenix, I hit this place up quite frequently.
I have only known San Diego to be home of the infamous Carne Asada FRIES, and I was very excited to see that 'Bertos had them as well.
I prefer the ones at the McDowell location to the ones at E. Thomas.
They use the thinner fries.
If you have yet to experience CARNE ASADA FRIES....you need to hop on board...QUICK!!
Just imagine nachos, piled high with cheese, sour creme, guacamole and carne asada.
Now...replace the tortilla chips with fries and there you have it.
I know it may sound intense and overbearing to some, but I probably get them at least once every week or two.
The rolled tacos are decent as well.
Get them with cheese and guac.
The only thing I wish for is better hot sauce/salsa.
It's very blah and standard, but I still use it.
Red one is the best in my opinion.

i love the "bertos" locations.
it is a major plus for living in the valley.
As far as late-night food, there is no comparison.
All of the breakfast burritos are superior.

so after driving around south phoenix for an hour on a sunday, in search of an open mexican dive joint to get a breakfast burrito, and extremely hungover and tired, i somehow ended up at fili b's.
they serve breakfast all day, which is quite an amazing thing.
i think that if i hadn't had spent so long searching for a joint that was open and starvingly had to stop here before hunger completely overwhelmed me, i would have just gone to a more familiar mexican drive-thru, like the one at 5th ave and camelback, or 40th st and indian - all which serve some pretty dank breakfast burritos.
but i ended up here, and the food was meh.
it didn't really hit the spot like i was hoping it would have.
too much cheese and the bacon wasn't cooked long enough and was fatty.
my friends got chorizo burritos which were bland and extremely greasy.
i usually try to avoid fili's and go to one of the sister/knockoff joints like rollbertos, eribertos, armandos, etc.

Your standard west coast taco stand.
It satisfied my carne asada fix, seems like the place to grab a bite after some late night hype.

I had heard about this great Mexican restaurant called Filiberto's.
Some of my friends seemed to talk endlessly about how good of drunk food they have.
Last night, I was totally sober and looking for some quick food while on a short break from work.
I recalled this location and my friends' words that it had great food.
I sort of forgot they said 'drunk' food.
I ordered an enchilada and burrito combo.
I really don't know what to say about them besides it was remarkably unremarkable.
I am not much of a cook myself but I felt that I could have made the same exact meal with minimal effort, possibly even make it better.
I doubt I'll ever go here again.
If I do, I will make sure to be at least slightly intoxicated.
Maybe the food will taste better then.

Only God can cook a better Carne Asada burrito than Filiberto's.

Look this is the White Castle of Arizona, Mexican style.
There are plenty of great stories and movies to make about being out late getting a case of the munchies and hitting up Fili B's!
Outside of this unless you are a burrito connoisseur you need to understand that this place is just great when you need a burrito, or at least your drunk self does.

I don't think this place ever closes.
Carne asada burrito?
Gooood.
Carne asada torta?
Baaaaad.
The meat is left in gristly sheets that are impossible to eat without looking...canine.
Mind you, you are supposed to eat that like a sandwich.
Deconstructing it and eating just the meat is nearly impossible, it just doesn't split apart with chewing or a plastic knife.
Guess who else had five of the gross kinds of health department violations.
I just can't win.
And yet I will be there after Saturday night's dive bar rounds.

Good food for a good price.
If you need a good meal real fast, just drive through Filberto's.
Besides, the chicken is good for us Service Dogs!

I wasn't surprised to see this place was 24 hours, on first glance it just looked like a Mexican place crammed into an old burger spot.
But I'm more than happy with my California burrito (which includes french fries and guacamole), but I had to request beans.
Big, like a good burrito should be and help-yourself chips and salsa.
I'd definitely eat here again.
(and I can imagine having to convince whoever I'm bringing here, yeah, it doesn't look like much--but it's good!

Open 24 hours and has a special Monday - Friday.
Each one of those days, a certain item like taco (your choice of chicken, carne, or beef), tostada, bean burrito, quesadilla, etc.. are 99 cents.
Not a bad deal.
The beans are not runny here.
There's a chip and salsa bar with a variety of salsa (unlike the place on 1250 W. Broadway, in Tempe).
Great Carne burrito and I've never had a problem here at all.

Dirty location and very high prices but they do have great daily specials.
The employees were nice but I won't be back to this location.

Me: Can I have a large order of fries?
Lady in speaker: we don't sell side of fries.
Me: oh ok (knowing I just got some the week before) Lady in speaker: we have carne asada fries?
Me: No thank you Lady in speaker: how about I just take the carne asada out?
Me: That would be perfect, thank you.
(why couldn't she just do that in the 1st place?
)  I get home.... theres road kill on my fries.
If it wasn't for their delicious chile relleno burros, I'd still be going to Taco Bell.
You get what you pay for though, and the service comes with it.

Swung in 1am for a relleno burrito.
Amazingly, it was heavy and done just right.
Better than Super Burrito or Fiesta.
Lots of cheese inside the rellenos (yes, plural).
Lots of flavor and ingredients.
This Filberto's is the best one so far for technique - I can see the actual layers of the relleno as the relleno was done correctly before put into the burrito, UNLIKE THE MILLER AND MCKELLIPS LOCATION, which was incorrect and haphazard.
It actually had pico and guac, not stuffed with shredded lettuce like at Fiesta!
A weighty lump of deliciousness with a PERFECT tortilla and wrap job.
Offered a buck in the drive-thru for extra red sauces but sauces were given freely and buck refused.
I'll be back!
INSIDE SKINNY: Is inside.
There's a salsa bar with a variety (4 or more) of EXCELLENT salsas.
Get some of each!

