Creepy.
Too big, too bright, too efficient.
Too many products I don't understand, much less need.
Like that weird buffing machine I think was designed for at-home microdermabrasion.
Um, no.
Anyway.
Ulta carries a magical face wash that brought my Phoenix-hating skin back from the brink.
And all in all, it ain't that bad.
A trip to Ulta is better than.... - The scary-looking Barbie Doll/gothed-out/skanktastic girls at MAC.
- The hordes of middle-aged-and-up ex-housewives hawking Clinique at Macy's.
- The line-out-the-door, crazy-fucking-busy Sephora.
- The scary glitter-fueled cosmetics aisle at Target.
- The decaying Sally Beauty Supply staffed by your grandma.
Just don't make me stay any more than five minutes.

Soo where do I begin?
I started going to Ulta at Metro Center a few years ago.
I hated everything about the place other then the hair dressers.
It was dirty... actually, filthy.
The girls that worked up front were clueless.
I never once saw a manger on the floor.
The fact that they didn't have a receptionist in the salon drove me nuts.
I was always interrupted several times during my service.
On the other hand, I have never had so many compliments about my hair- plus Metro Center is super close.
I dealt with my frustrations because I love Karen, her hair cuts are reasonable ($35), they could always fit me in last minute, and the location was super convenient.
Well, I wasn't too surprised when I found out they were closing.
My friends told me I had to follow Karen though matter what- that she gave me the best haircuts I have ever had.
I don't want to travel to Arrowhead and Tempe Marketplace is right next to my job so I decided to try them on a lunch break.
I call in and book an eyebrow wax and haircut.
Wax- 12:45 and cut at 1PM they tell me.
I get there a few minutes early and get my eyebrows waxed in the middle of the store at the "brow bar".
I hated this experience.
If I am paying $20 for a wax, I want to be in a dark room, candles, music...
I need more peace in my life.
Instead, I am sitting in the middle of a busy store, of course being interrupted every 2 seconds.
The girl is helping customers decide which foundation to buy, walking them to the isle and pointing to the eyeliner they are looking for... Are you kidding me?
So 20 minutes into this embarrassing scene of a waxing she tells me I should just go and get my hair done and come back afterwards to finish my waxing.
I hated my haircut.
I told the girl several times what I wanted and she promised me when it was dry it would look that way.
No, it didn't and I am on my lunch break.
My bangs looked like a kid cut them.
I go back to the "brow bar" and she has 6 people standing around her and she is doing someone's brows.
She apologizes and says it will be a few more minutes.
I buy some makeup, wait on a long line, pay and she is still working on the same girl.
I told her again, I am on my lunch break, I have to go.
She says bye.
I call and complain for the first time in my life.
I had to- I was so upset.
The manager tells me to come in for free wax and cut.
I was pleased with this offer- went in and still am not that happy.
So long story short- I miss Karen and I will certainly make the trip to Arrowhead for now on.

I had been going here for my haircuts since it opened.
After 20 - 30 haircuts I found out that I had been overcharged.
I noticed the price kept increasing.
Each time, I was told that it was a corporate increase.
It started at $20 for a men's cut.
2 years later, I was being charged $40.
It was a great haircut, but now I go to Sport Clips.

Y'all out in AZ don't know how good you have it when it comes to Ulta.
My goodness.
Ulta locations in so-cal have a reputation for being filled with super snooty sales girls who could care less about helping you.
Even one of the employees in this location said he'd heard that about the stores here in CA!
It's all TRUE.
There are a couple of sweetie pies at the Tustin, CA location but I won't go to the Newport Beach or Huntington Beach locations again because the girls are so.
rude!
I was so pleasantly surprised by the customer service in this location that I actually told the girl at the cash register about how much better it was.
Her name is Kristi by the way and she's very nice.
:)  I was asked several times if I needed help finding anything, or had any questions.
Now, I'm kind of a beauty expert so I don't generally have questions other than "where can I find X?
" but I always appreciate a staff that is on the ball!
And I overheard a conversation with one staffer who was being really helpful to another customer, so I'm sure if I did have questions they would have tried their best to help.
Oh, and a huge pet peeve of mine when I walk into a store is to see the staff just hanging around chit chatting or primping or whatever.
I did not see that here.
Major props to this Ulta for being a little hidden gem!
I found a discontinued nail polish here and couldn't be happier.

This has been an interesting week.
My Yelp, Facebook and Twitter friends who like to judge me, have had a field day with my reviews and checkins of nail salons and waxing salons.
Assholes.
Can't they appreciate a perfect Dave?
ANYWAY....I stopped by ULTA this morning because it was time to pick up some additional grooming products.
As soon as I walked into the doors, a semi-attractive girl approached me and asked if I needed help.
I asked where all the men's grooming supplies were.
I asked because, in Vegas, ULTA has a nice big selection of men's supplies like pre-shave oils, after shave balms, ingrown hair treatments, etc.
Being a clean shaven man, I like to invest some dough in good stuff.
The girl proceeds to take me to the back section of the store where they have Gillette and BIC products.
Are you kidding me?
If I wanted this crap, I would've gone down to Walmart or Target (Target is closed on Easter).
I gave the girl a fake "Thank You" and let her get the hell away from me.
I wandered around the store by myself, pretending I knew what I was doing.
I made sure to avoid all the hair products, because as a bald man, that would be incredibly creepy.
Then, I got to the fragrance section.....and like a water fountain in the desert, I found my oasis.
The REAL men's grooming section full of products by Clinique, Anthony for Men, Jack Black, etc.
At this point, I knew what I was doing and didn't need the help of some chick.
My advice to ULTA?
Train your staff on the very few men's products you have.
Just because you are a woman-friendly store, doesn't mean that men are non-existent.
Haters.
I had to buy additional product, but instead of patronizing this location, I chose to take my business to the Indian Bend location.
I'm cool like that.

Warning to all mothers......Ulta doesn't allow shopping carts in their stores, they expect you to lug around a car seat, shop, and juggle the products you want to buy.
I was informed this today while trying to shop with my 3 month old.
I obviously left without buying anything.

This places reminds me of a Sephora but less makeup and more hair products.
But really they have everything/every brand from face stuff, to nails stuff to even a salon in the back.
You can spend an hour just looking at different products.
There are people who are willing to help you find what you need but aren't pushy and will leave you if you look self-sufficient.
Don't forget to sign up for the ULTA membership card for discounts.

I practically live at Ulta and Sephora.
I adore their makeup and hair products.
Plus the staff is always helpful and gives you free makeovers and assistance without you having to feel inclined to buy the products like at a department store.
I get my color services and hairstyling done by Ali at Ulta.
She is amazing.
She does a great job and my hair is past shoulder length so it is long.
My hair color lasts and lasts.
I color my hair every 6-8 months.
I do a lot of deep conditioning and wait until the color has really taken to my hair before changing it(basically I wait until you can't see if there is a mix of colors in my hair, and distinguish what my true hair color is based on my roots)  Favorite things bought at Ulta:  Headbands Fekkai products Living proof products Tarte cosmetics Napoleon Cosmetics OPI nail polish fragrances Studio Gear Mario Badescu The list could go on forever, I have never bought something and been unsatisfied!
This Ulta location is better than the scottsdale one's since I think it is a lot bigger and they carry a better selection of products!

I love shopping at Ulta because it's like shopping at two stores in one!
One side is like the beauty department at Walgreen's and the other side is high end products that you would get at a department store.
I can stay in this store for hours.
Weekly sales and coupons keep me coming back more often than I should.

Friendly service, but there were a lot of products that were out of stock when I went, with no guarantee that their next shipment would bring in the particular product I wanted.
I give the associate props though, since she did make a determined effort to look in their extra stock shelves to try to find what I was looking for.

Love that they have a variety of beauty products.
I know that between Ulta and Sephora, I can usually find what I'm looking for.
I have to say that their customer service leaves something to be desired.
I had to look for someone for a while but when I did find someone, they were super helpful and knowledgeable.

I love that I don't have to go all the way to a mall to buy most of my quality makeup products and perfumes.
I was rather saddened with the sad stock of lorac cosmetics they were carrying.
I think they should take out the crappy walmart makeup and carry more selection of the quality items we are all looking for.

I've always had a good experience here, the store always has what I need if not more.
Until I was getting the mail I noticed that I have received all the magazines that I kindly decline each time they ask.
I was curious to see if this was just a trial membership thinking maybe ULTA sent them to me to try them out.
I look at my bank account and sure enough all magazines were taken out of my account.
I called the magazine and they had stated that I was signed up through ULTA.
Once I got in contact with the store manager at this location she informed me that they would need my signature to send my information to these magazine companies.
I for a fact know I didn't sign anything.
I'm just glad they refunded my money and cancelled the subscription so just BEWARE that it's possible they may sign you up for the magazines without your consent.

The lady who helped me was very nice but didn't believe I had an allergy to beeswax or phenoexyethanol because I have tattoos...
They try to persuade you into buying things you don't need lol.
I'd only come here if I needed to buy my regular makeup.

I've been going to the Ulta Salon for over a year now and I love the service I get everytime I'm there.
I've had so many bad hair experiences in the past that once I found Ulta and met with Aubry--my hair stylist; I now know I could never leave.
Aubry is wonderful and really knows what she is doing!
She always does exactly what I want and never cuts off more than I want either!
Ive done 3 Kera Straight Treatments with her too and sitting in the chair for hours never bothers me.
All the staff is friendly and I always enjoy getting my hair done by them.
I give them 5 starts!
I am truly impressed and will keep returning!

This ULTA is a lot bigger than most of the Ultra I have been to.
They have this store layout differently than all the other stores.
The makeup that I buy here is a lot cheaper here and I always seem to have a coupon when I come here too.
One of the things I like about this ULTA is that everyone that works there is always helpful and friendly.
Normally at other ULTA's the staff is not very friendly to me and never helpful.
Thank you ULTA at Tempe Marketplace for being an awesome store to shop at for my makeup.

if you want to ignored the entire time you are there ...then this is the Ulta for you!
rude employees.
WIll not be coming here.
Sephora here i come!!

I went there to get my eyebrows done as a last resort.
My usual place was closed and I was left no other options in Tempe Marketplace as the other salons were busy.
The technician was nice and personal.
She spent about 20 minutes working on my brows and they turned out pretty nice.
I only give 3 stars, because beyond the customer service of the technician, the rest of the store left something to be desired.
I felt like people were more about making their sales goals or pushing a certain brand of product.

5 STARS FOR AUBREY @ THE SALON!
BEST HAIR CUTS EVER!!!!
Now on to why this review is only getting 3 Stars and quite frankly they should receive only 1 or 2 but for the sake of Aubrey I will make this a solid 3.
The manager at the Salon is probably one of the worst people to deal with when it comes to customer service.
She is rude, negative and never pleasant to speak with.
She has this general voice on the phone that sounds like she is just saying to you, "what the hell do you want, I've got more important things to be doing".
I've caught her on the phone when booking my appointments with Aubrey a few times now and not once has she improved.
So today I called her out!
I'm so sick of it.
Every single time!
I was originally on the phone with a girl who was helping me with some questions I had about a current promo.
(And I did find out that this was her fault in the end but it does not mean that the manager had to treat me "the customer" in such a poor fashion.
The associate forgot to tell someone that I was waiting on the line.
) She placed me on hold and I waited....aaaaaand waited.
15 minutes solid, I waited.
She never came back.
Instead, I got the awful manager.
Who treated me like I was JUST calling in.
Not her fault since she really didn't know what was going on but at least have a pleasant tone when you pick up the call.
Especially when I've been the polite customer waiting foreverrrrrrrrrr.
Good grief!
So, just like anyone who has been on hold for 15 minutes and thinks the reason behind it is because you're going to get some epic answer when they get back on the line --- FALSE!!
I definitely did not want to explain myself all over again to a new person.
Huge pet peeve.
But I had to and I was nice about it besides sounding a bit confused as to why I couldn't just speak with the original associate.
I even said I know Aubrey isn't working so I would like to just get a Redken Glaze and no haircut because I only trust Aubrey for that.
So disregard the promo I was inquiring about.
WHAT HAPPENED?
Oh, She completely butchered what I said (as if she wasn't listening to me 100%) and this is when I became frustrated.
Obv!
Either put the first associate back on the phone (which I don't know why this didn't happen in the first place) or don't sound like a royal b!tch when you're talking to me.
It has never taken me this long to book an appointment in my life!
Turns out as I leave work for the day, I decide to be an ass myself and return the favor by being a no show.
Honestly, I couldn't even tell you what time my appointment was even set for.
I was that upset by the time we hung up.
Anyway, I just got home and before I thought about writing up a really long venting session on Yelp - I called Ulta back.
Why?
Because I'm not a b!tch and the associate that I was booked with did not deserve that.
She played no part in this madness.
So I canceled instead and explained myself.
Oddly enough she was aware of the situation already and was extremely apologetic.
Funny part?
Turns out the manager booked me for a haircut and Redken Glaze.
I said NO HAIRCUT!
Helloooooo?!
I appreciate that this associate was so kind after how rude her manager was toward me.
Marissa was another reason for making this a 3 star review.
Note to manager: It's pretty sad if that's how you go through life lady.
Put a smile on and cheer the hell up!
You should be a role model to your associates.
Luckily you haven't rubbed off on them.
Learn how to talk to people if you're going to be in this industry.
Just sayin'  #karma #whatgoesaroundcomesaround

Ulta lost a long time customer today.
I had dealt with my share of rude Ulta employees, just like everyone who frequents this store, but I let the instances go.
This was the last straw.
I came in last week and they were out of 3 products I came in for.
2 of them are usually sold out so I wasn't really surprised.
I asked a girl if it was possible to check for any back stock, this was obviously very inconvenient and annoying for her.
Nope.
Nothing in the back.
(Not sure if she actually checked) ok, do you know when you might get it in?
Nope.
I don't know what day the shipments get here.
I was told to call "sometime" to see if we had it.
This brings us to today.
I called.
I was transferred FOUR times.
FOUR.
When the 4th person told me to hold so she could transfer me I said "are you serious?
You're the fourth person I've talked to.
" And she replied with an epic " SERIOUSLY?
I'm in the salon what am I supposed to do about that?
" When I asked to speak with her manager, she turned sickeningly sweet and then offered to go look for the item herself.
Nope.
The manager was very genuine and nice.
I appreciate her kindness and the way she handled the situation, but honestly a nice manager isn't going to change anything.
I can get everything I normally get there from other stores, and I will from now on.
The nasty attitudes from the employees isn't worth my time.
It's very sad that Ulta is maintaining their embarrassing reputation.

I was going to tell a long story, but the basic fact is that the check-out clerk's parting remark to me was "You're disgusting.
"  We had disagreed, but not argued.
Even if I had been disgusting, no retail clerk should every utter those words to a customer!
I will never set foot in Ulta again (at least not after I return the product I cannot now stand to use).

Customer service here blows.
Last time I went an employee felt I was taking too long trying to find the right lipstick--mind you this was $22 dollar UD lipstick.
She commented "I don't understand why it would take that long".
Oh, another time the cashier was snippy when I asked if I had to press cancel for credit and said all machines work the same way for that and smirked at me..she also had some other snippy things to say so she could demonstrate her "obvious superiority and intelligence" LOL.
Yet another time they were revamping their perfumes and I asked where the rollerballs were and the employee pretty much refused to even look.
I found them in a cage and had to ask yet again if they could unlock it so I could buy what I came for.
Also, they NEVER ask if you want to use your points so for the longest time I was like how do I redeem them..grr..I had to ask them how to redeem since they never mentioned.
Save yourself some hassle and order online or go in if you must but be prepared for verbal battles from disgruntled employees.
Can't wait till these dimwits are all replaced with machines.
Self checkout here would be great.
Or better yet go to Sephora where the employees are much better trained and encourage you to try on the products.

