It's In N Out we all love it but I don't understand why people will wait 20 minutes for some In N Out.
The place is always packed and during lunch and dinner hours, there's always like 12 cars lined up in the drive thru.
They have to send a person out to the line, which now reaches the parking lot, to take orders, but they make one thing in 3 variations, but each order will at least have the bun, a burger patty, and the lettuce and tomato.
Why aren't they just throwing a bunch of pattys on the fryer and setting up at least a one patty burger during that time?
I don't understand why I can go to a Chinese restaurant, order three different dishes, out of a menu of about 50 or so different items, and get all of that faster than it would to get a burger in a place that sells one thing in three variations.
Screw people and they're "Animal Style" or the idiots that want to do a 10 by 10.
Now they're just playing with food.
Eat your damn burger and be happy.
In conclusion, my cravings for In N Out have never been powerful enough to want to wait for 20 minutes in a crowded, noisy, kids running everywhere place where the line at the drive thru is so long that if you put your car in reverse, you'll be in the drive thru line for KFC.
Just don't go there during the lunch rush.
Especially if you're on lunch because you won't make it back in time.
Even if you worked at that In N Out, you won't make it back in time from lunch.
I could go for some In N Out right now though.

Ok, I do love this place.
It's just fast food so I don't know why...maybe just a vacation thing...don't know but I really do.
Here are some possible reasons:  1.
GREAT service..always friendly and is that not a rarity these days especially fast food???
2. so inexpensive for some really tasty food.
3. hooked on animal style...the sautéed onions...the pickles..the sauce...what's not to love???
4. the milk shakes are super good and don't taste "fake" like all the other fast food chains where I won't even get a shake.
5. the fries are real french fries...not frozen things thrown into the fryer...some sit down restaurants don't have fries this good.
6. this location (the only one I've been to) is kept super clean.
7. and the most important reason...to me at least...is the fresh brewed iced tea...super good and makes the whole meal even better.
Well, until this chain stretches to the east coast, I will just have to love from afar...absence really does make the heart grow fonder and I would really like to have a number 2 animal style right about now....

Its like any other in-n-out burger.
The burgers are good, but remember you are still eating fast food.
It is an American tradition, so if you haven't tried it, you need to.

LOVE IT.
If i was to ever have an affair it would be with a IN N OUT BURGER.
Fresh patties and toppings and fries.
The wait can be a little long but Its a Wait thats well worth it.
Try Animal Style Arrrr Giggity.

I grew up in San Diego, and we didn't have these; they were a Los Angeles aberration.
I first had them about 10 years ago in Mountain View, CA and wasn't that impressed.
Now, the more I eat there, the more I like it.
I'd still prefer Sonic or Fatburger, but this will do in a pinch.

I had never tried In&Out until recently.
I stopped by around noon and the place was packed.
The crowd was 95% spanish as was the staff, and it was pretty noisy, but the orders came out fast as numbers were being called.
My order came with tomatoes even though I specifically stated I did not want them, but I removed them and was happy with my order.
They were wrapped with about a 1/3 of the hamburger showing and done very neatly and placed in a small tray, along with my fries which were of adaquate size and very tasty.
I ate there again a couple of days later and my order came as I ordered it and they were again good and presented well.
The crowd was the same as this must be a favorite place frequented by the local spanish crowd.
I would recommend eating In&Out's Burgers and fries and say they are towards the top of the list of GOOD, inexpensive, Burgers & Fries.

Honestly what is not to love about In-N-Out Burger?
They have tasty, well prepped burgers and french fries.
Service is 99.9% of the time great - most likely because this burger chain actually pays their employees decent wages and from what I have heard from friends who have worked there - the chain actually does have a good rapport with their employees.
Any In-N-Out I have been to is squeaky clean and employees are consistently cleaning the tables and floors - not just this specific one.
At this one in particular I have noticed the drive-thru can start to get a little out of hand, but usually they will send out an extra person to start taking orders.
Why I love In-N-Out over most burger chains - their burgers have a crispness to them, the lettuce is not soggy, the tomatoes are fresh, you can get your onions grilled.
The french fries are cut fresh (you can see them doing it).
The shakes are very good.
The menu is simple.
Yet... we all know of the "secrets" behind what you can order at In-N-Out.
I applaud them for not layering bacon and BBQ sauce and all kinds of other crap onto their burgers like so many other chains do.
In-N-Out knows what they're doing and I appreciate that.
PS - This was the very first In-N-Out to open in Las Vegas and it was a ridiculous madhouse when it opened.

In-n-out is for sure one of my favorite burger joints!
Their use of fresh ingredients is what makes this place so awesome!
Not to mention great customer service :) If you haven't been to In-n-out make sure to get yourself a double double and fries animal style, it will change your life.
This location in particular is generally busy as it's right on Nellis and in a busy shopping plaza.
Service moves pretty quickly but you should expect some sort of a wait since everything is scratch made and fresh.
As always good food takes time!

I grew up with In-N-Out Burger and they are how I judge all other burgers.
Not a real extensive menu and that is the way I like it.
And, every single time I go to any In-N-Out, they are busy, which says a lot about their standards.
Anyhow, this review is just for my last visit.
I pull up to this location and the drive-thru was busy, so I went inside to order.
There was a small line but it was moving quickly.
Getting to the front of the line, I was greeted and my order was taken.
Within 5 minutes my order was ready.
I got in and out within 10 minutes.
Then I got home and crushed the burgers.
It is really easy to cross off the deadly sin of gluttony at In-N-Out burger.

In-N-Out burgers are awesome.
Service is great.
Growing up in this neighborhood it's defiantly a popular joint .
Fresh ingredients!
The place is very clean and always super busy.

This was the very first In-N-Out burger I ever visited.
It was 1992 and I was 12 and new to the West Coast.
We waited in line for over an hour to get that first cheeseburger and fell in love on the spot!
This day changed my burger life forever more.
Now to the present...I don't really visit this location often since I no longer live in this part of town.
When I do visit, I am usually pleased with my experience.
The food is consistent with the other In-N-Out locations, the service is the best, and the staff is unbelievably happy.
And yeah, the foo is totally delectable!
I do wish the parking situation was better at this location.
It is always really crowded and it is hard to find a spot.
The parking lot is also usually dirty with trash scattered everywhere.
This probably isn't In-N-Out's fault and more so the shopping center where it is located, but it is still a bit of an eye-sore.
Other locations I visit seem to always have someone out there picking up the parking lot, but I have never seen anyone doing that at this location.
Also, I am really not comfortable leaving my car in the parking lot at night.
This neighborhood has just gone down a bit and there seems to be some shady looking people hanging out in the parking lot after dark.
If I am here after dark, I do the drive thru and head out of there ASAP.
These last things are the only reasons why this location doesn't get 5 stars from me because I am still in awe of the work of art that is an In-N-Out cheeseburger.
Yum!

went to order 3 number 1's tonight and the Biotch rings up 3 burgers,3fries and 3shakes separately to make the Bill over 25 Freakin Dollars,,,, and to top it off, the hamburgers were Rare and Cold.
The Fries were Cold too.
The shakes are so so.
kinda plain for being Strawberry flavor.
I will never go back.
blah....................well actually went back to fight for some money back considering a number one is like 5.99 each you Rip Off's

Maybe I'm just biased because we all know "west coast best coast" ;).
This place is the best, food and prices are drool worthy.
Though the menu hasn't changed since it's opening do not be fooled by its simple demeanor.
The food is super fresh and the staff is always nice and ready to go.
There is something for everyone, minus vegans.
Don't eat meat?
No problem grab a grilled cheese.
Can't eat bread?
No problem, go protein style.
Super hungry, try a 3x3!
Or if you're feeling adventurous why go animal style!
Great food, service, and prices.
Just remember, while they have a secret menu if someone tries to convince you that there's a doggie style-there isn't ;)

You can't go wrong with in n out!!
I love it, inexpensive and good!!
Have been going to in n out since I lived in California.

As a born-and-bred native of the East Coast, I have never, up to this point, had food from an In-n-Out restaurant.
We just don't have them here, never heard of them - unless it's from my West Coast friends, who have all raved for YEARS about the wonder that is supposed to be this food.
So my husband and I are going to Vegas for a week, and I tell him, "Before I do anything else, I want to go to In-n-Out.
I want to find out what a freaking Double-Double Animal Style is.
And the shakes.
I want to know what's the big deal here.
Take me there.
"   My husband just laughs at me.
He's from Vegas.
He knows what it's about.
But he humors me anyway.
Love that man.
We pull in.
I run excitedly for the door.
I'm about to taste this burger that everyone's been raving about.
This is IT!
I order the Double-Double Animal Style.
The fries.
The shake.
This is going to blow thousands of calories - but it's worth it, they said!
I sit at the impeccably clean table.
I unwrap.
Oh, it looks good.
I pick up my burger, take that bite, and.....
I was completely UNDERWHELMED.
What the hell is THIS?
Don't get me wrong.
The burger was good.
It tasted just fine.
But....where is the manna from heaven I was expecting?
Why does this just taste.... like a fast food burger, albeit a little better than Mickey D's or Burger King?
And the shake tasted NO better than either of the aforementioned places.
Matter of fact, I'd go so far as to say that Jack in the Box (another place we don't have on the East Coast) makes a much better shake.
Now, I'm well aware that this review will be considered utter BLASPHEMY to In-n-Out fanatics.
That's fine.
I liked it - but the buildup is NOT warranted.
The restaurant was sparkling clean, which is a definite plus, and the service was good, so there's that.
Good.
But nothing more than that.

Love their burgers and fries so much.
Their burgers are so juicy and served fresh unlike McDonald's near by, I'd rather buy my meal here instead especially since it's served fresh and actually looks like a burger.

Animal style burger and fries.
Need I say more?

when i go here my double double is always extra tasty as well as hot did go inside after eating in the parking lot on a nice summer evening and they're lemonade was bone dry

Another great place for lunch on the east side.
It doesn't get much better than cheeseburgers and fries.
You can get it anyway you like it and the staff is very friendly

I hardly ever go to fast food places to order food, yet alone a burger.
But In N Out can make a pretty good burger.
So if you're cravin a burger.. fast, In N Out is the way to go.
It has been a long time since I've had In N Out and the burgers are still the same.
At this location, things are on the slower side.
The drive thru line gets pretty packed.They created a lane for the drive thru using cones and chains.
So once you're in that line... theres no way out!
And it ALWAYS smells like sewer outside.
It just kills my vibe!
I usually get a #2.
Cheeseburger no onions, animal style fries no onions.
But last visit I decided to be crazy and keep the onions on the fries.
Bad idea!
My fries tasted like sh**.
I have started to acquire the taste for onions but In N Out grilled onions are disgusting!
I will stick to "No onions please".
They have a secret menu.
Part of that is animal style fries.
They also have protein burgers, grilled cheese, and some other fun secretive items that I can't remember.
My friend once told me they had a item called "Road Kill" and she ordered it in California and it is basically Animal Style fries with chopped up burger patty on top.
I tried ordering it here and they had no idea what I was talking about.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯

