So how does one go about trying to capture the essence of their love/hate relationship with a Wal-Mart?
Falling prices and the happy yellow smiling face aside, do you embrace the mascot for consumerism or come down on the side of price fixing and driving the supply market to third world countries?
I will admit, there are times moral ethics take a back seat to getting a good deal and I will head on out to my local store.
On those occasions, I can be guaranteed of a few things: 1) You will not ever find a parking spot anywhere near one of the entrances, so don't even bother with lot trolling.
2) Locating someone to answer a question is like searching for the Holy Grail.
3) At some point during your visit, you will have to step over a soiled diaper.
4) You will find a meat or dairy product tucked away in the hunting gear or automotive department.
5) You will become convinced that some parents have chosen the store as their babysitter and dropped their kids off at the door, leaving them to run screaming through the aisles, spreading terror wherever they go.
6) Your cart will either pull to one side, making it impossible to maintain a straight line OR will make a piercing shrill noise similar to that of a howler monkey.
7) They will be out of the one thing that made your visit imperative.
8) The clothing department will look like they were filming a scene for the movie Twister.
9) The customer service line will be snaked longer than an E-Ticket ride at Disneyland during spring break.
(I believe this is a plot to lesson your likelihood to return items) 10) They will only have 3 checkout lanes open and the person in front of you will have selected the single item with no pricing information, requiring a price check (see #2) OR will not have enough money to pay for everything and will have to pare down their purchase.
For those of you that are looking for BIG excitement, take a tour of this place at 11:00 p.m. on Christmas Eve.
I promise you an experience you will never forget!

Wow.
This was an experience and a half.
I came here with the wifey in search of tacky christmas sweaters for a tacky christmas sweater party.
We certainly were not disappointed to this end.
The inventory and variety of tacky sweaters was outstanding.
However, this place  is downright creepy.
We were two of maybe a handful of people in the place not on meth (including the employees).
How could I tell?
There were at least 8 instances of near-collisions with my cart and other carts/people just running around the store trying to burn off some meth-energy.
Methergy?
Look at that, I coined a new word.
This place would be a dentist's nightmare.
I'm sure there were fewer collective teeth in all of walmart than the number of available tacky sweaters.
There were unsupervised kids running amok EVERYWHERE.
One particular boy who couldn't have been older than 7 was climbing on a bunch of shelves on a display in the women's clothing section and was wearing a "Say NO to spitting tobacco" shirt.
Well I guess that's a good message, if not slightly odd.
There were lots of toddlers with crap all over their faces, as if they had just chowed down on some chocolate cake or something and then mom was like, "Ok, time to go to Walmart!
" without bothering to wipe them off.
One funny incident is worth repeating here.
In the grocery section (which I have to admit, is actually very well stocked) there was a display of Coca Cola bottles that were small and spherical in the shape of Christmas ornaments.
I remark "Wow those are cool" and a meth head behind me yells, "WOW!
THOSE ARE REALLY COOL" and then proceeds to try to get his wife's attention at the other end of Walmart to show her just how cool they were.
"SHEEEEEEEILA!
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEILA!
LOOK AT THIS!
LOOK!
"  It boggles my mind how the Target right around the corner from here is INFINITELY nicer than this Walmart.
Go there instead.
Unless you're looking for a tacky Christmas sweater.

If Walmart had existed in the 14th century, Dante Alighieri would almost certainly have used it as a template for one of the layers of hell.
If I were to grade Walmart based upon products carried and pricing it would probably be a solid 3 stars.
One cannot, however, ignore the other pieces to this puzzle.
The lines - Checking out always takes longer than the actual shopping.
The people - There are some skeevy people shopping at the 'Mart.
The crushing sense of despair - I feel it.
The unfortunate fact about Walmart is that there are times when my only viable option is to shop there, like when I need little propane tanks on the way home from work.
I'm not proud of it, but it happens.
Avoid it if you can, but if you can't just remember to bathe once you get home.

It's right next to the mall and some other stores and restaurants.
It's open 24 hours so that's good if you need a pack of condoms real cheap lol.
I did see they change stuff around so I just had to get use to where everything was but over all it's a great Walmart.

Horrible, horrible,horrible.
We just left this walmart.
The customer service is horrible, it is extremely hot inside and the clientele that goes there are scum.
I had a bag from another store in my cart and it was stolen right in front of me.
Not to mention my gf was walking the cart to the car and the cart stopped due to a security feature.
I understand that but when she didnt realize what was happening she asked an employee and all he said was "guess you should have parked closer"

this is a busy dirty walmart and you shoud stay away from it.
shop at a target

This review is for the auto shop.
I have gotten my oil changed at this location for the past 3 years.
My wait is usually between 30 minutes to an hour, not bad.
So it is not attached to the best mall in town, but some browsing makes the wait go by faster.
Or I can grab a few groceries while I wait and by the time I'm done my car is ready.
They say they will call/page you when your vehicle is ready but I have yet to have this happen.
When I drop off my car I ask how long the wait is and come back then, my car is usually done by the time they say and parked outside.
I have no complaints about the service.
They do a good job and I appreciate that.

Other then looking like the home of a horder....the cashier was rude & acted like the problem with the credit/debit card reader was my fault.
On the positive side..it is open 24 hours & attached to an "okay" mall.

It's a Wal-Mart Supercenter, so there isn't much to say here that hasn't been said a bunch of times before.
This is a nicely organized and neatly laid out Wal-Mart.
All the shelves were properly stocked and the associates seemed pleasant enough.
Check-out was quick, but I think I got there just as the shifts were changing.
There were more checkout associates than there were customers.
This is probably not a normal situation.
Parking lot was large and full.
Cart corrals were in the process of being emptied by the cart shagger with his battery powered cart pusher.

If I could give this Walmart zero stars, I would.
However, I have experienced rare sightings of helpful employees, so I'm writing a review less irritable that I have to give it a star at all.
In my family, we refer to this Walmart as the "Cesspool".
It is filthy, and the rare times I have to go to this store - usually when mum is doing something last minute at eleven p.m. - I end up going home and wanting to scrub with bleach.
The first thing a customer notices is the parking lot.
Littered with dirty diapers, vomit, and homeless people - not to mention rotting produce.
This Walmart should take some action in cleaning it up, and making sure that all of their lamps are working - because this parking lot is sketch.
You would think people cared more about their small children - on account that the crime rate in this area is so high.
Nope.
They let them run around like rabid animals, knocking things over, sitting in the middle of aisles, opening packages and then dropping them wherever they please.
Employees do nothing about it.
The only good experience I've had here, and it's the only reason I come back -  is when they were out of an item in the electronics area that I needed to set up my cable/television.
An employee walked me over to where they should be, noticed they weren't there and spent twenty-thirty minutes looking through their new shipment to get them for me.
Because I had been waiting so long, he opened up the register at the counter to let me check out, because I had only come in for the one thing.
Otherwise, this place is disgusing.
Bring hand-sanitizer.... You will need it.

This is a weird Walmart in a Weird mall.
Everything about this place gives me the Hebe-jeebees.
I saw a couple having a domestic dispute in the toy isle.
Listened to several screaming children and wasn't greeted by the greeter.
I took my mom here and was afraid someone would step to her and I would have to beat them down.
(You don't mess with my mama)  Maybe if you think of this Walmart as some sort of ghost-hunter adventure you night really have fun, I guess.

Hey, this place is not that bad.
Come on Peeps it is Walmart!
What do you want , Nordstorms!
It has a huge parking lot.
No security in the  lot though.
THey have a hair Salon ,a nail Salon, an eye glass shop,Plus a bank, McDonalds, and a Pharmacy.
Hey this is truly one stop shopping.
Prices are really good ,it has a Deli and all the grocery products you could want.
It is not the claenest, but again it is Walmart.....The people that work there are very nice and really try to help you.
It is all good!

Hey you guys want a zero star walmart come to our mountain view walmart.
This mega Walmart is fantastic!
Honestly where else do you go on Thanksgiving to get cold medicine, eggs, avocado and prune juice.
The blocks long store has everything you could want or need or don't need.

Walmart is, and has always been a disgusting store to shop in.
It is listed at the top in my personal book of "Places to Never Return".
I would rather pay the extra 10 bucks to not have to be around the crack heads and obese smelly people that shop there.
Call me a snob, I really don't care.
That being said, I decided to try my luck with the online Site to Store ordering.
I figured how bad can it be..?
All I have to do is walk in and pick up the item.
No shopping, no standing in line to pay..
Sounds painless right...
I walk in and have no idea where the Site to Store pick- up area is.
I try to ask the greeter, but he is busy picking his nose and arguing with a homeless guy.
I go to the Customer Service Center line and stand there for 27 minutes.
I actually saw 2 people go on break while there were about 10 of us waiting in line.
When it is finally my turn some snooky clone tells me it is in the back of the store through the pet section.
Sure that makes sense, much more sense than just putting a sign up directing me where to go.
I get back there and wait another 30 minutes for the guy to get my order and bring it up.
By this time I have to use the bathroom (I've been in the store over an hour).
I walk back to the front of the store and the bathroom is closed.
Someone took a diaper and wrote their name on the wall with the poo.
No I am not kidding, it is really that disgusting.
I got home and the patio set I bought was missing several parts.
I went to a hardware store and bought them.
I'm never going to Walmart again.

This place is scary and a dump.
There are long lines for check out and customer service.
I can never find anyone to help me.
I have actually done price comparisons of items I use on an ongoing basis and 50% of them were cheaper at Target and 50% were cheaper at Wal-Mart.
So there is no reason to go to this gross Wal-Mart if you are doing it to get a good deal.
Do yourself a favor and go to Target.
And DON'T go here after dark.
IT IS NOT SAFE!

I had to go to this Walmart to pick up an online purchase (the one near my home didn't have it in stock).
It's a typical Walmart; but, the location is in a mall and the perception you leave with is not a good one.
It's dingy (appears dirty) and extremely overcrowded (Walmart near me is roomier) and not quite as busy.
If I could have given it "0" stars, I would have; but, one of the store employees in the fish section was really helpful and VERY friendly to both me and my 4 year old (worth two stars).
:-)

Got to agree with the people weighing in on this Walmart with two stars.
I have been going to it for about a year, but I'm changing my prescriptions over to another Walmart because I just can't take the trashiness anymore.
I love Walmarts overall, but this one is the reason that I can't always recommend them to friends.
(Had an Walmart-challenged friend come into town and use the restroom, and she heard someone puking in the stall next to her.
So of course, she is NEVER going to go into a Walmart again, ever.

Worst Walmart Store.
Very overcrowded, too many rude employees that give awful customer service, attracts too much crime and begging people.
Horrible.
If you can drive to another Walmart, please do so.

it's a Walmart Supercenter, which means that quite often you are shopping with people who look like the "People of Walmart", but if you aren't a snob, it often has deals that you can't beat such as cat food for $0.50/can vs. $0.77/can at the grocery store.
And, since its located in the same mall as Costco, Target and a Harkins Theater its easy to make a quick stop at Walmart while you're running other errands or even catching a flick.

It's a Wal-Mart, what do you really expect?
Got some good times and bad times in here.
The really good thing is that it's connected to Christown Spectrum so you can go there when you get treated poorly here.
Not all employees suck though, like all places.
They are kind of slow, though.

So this is your basic Wal Mart.
We were visiting from out of town and needed some supplies.
Typical prices, cluttered aisles, and limited service.
Nice supply of food items at decent prices.
Checkout was not an issue.
I've seen much worse.
An OK choice.

I have friends that live out in this area and have had those sad moments of having to stop at Walmart.
I think ALL Walmarts are nasty.
But this one takes the cake!
They have a little paper hung up in the restrooms like somebody is cleaning the bathroom every hour.
LMAO!!!
What ever!
I had to use the restrooms so badly one day and had to use their restroom.
It stunk, as usual and it looked like a pack of monkeys went through it trying to distroy the place.
There are knobs broken, funk growing around the toilets, nasty stuff smeared all over the place and toilet paper all over .
The ground is always wet by your feet....
There wasn't 1 bathroom stall that I could go into and even clean up a little to use the restroom.
I ended up having to hold it till I got back to my friend's house.
I swear, everytime I go to Walmart we all catch some kind of cold or stomach bug with in 1-3 days later!
Quality of their products: I used to work in a distributing warehouse a long time ago and I can tell you, "you get what you pay for!
" Name brand Companies (like Fisher Price, V Tech, even Sony, etc) make lower quality products specificly  for walmart to sell so they can be cheaper than everyone else.
They sell them in huge truck loads to all the Walmart's, so everybody wins, "IF" you can't afford the better quality (same exact product) one that they produce for other stores.
So when you see the same item at Baby's R Us (for instance) and it is more expensive, it's because it was made with better quality and probably has less pieces or thread count or whatever.
Anyway, Just saying, it's worth it to pay a little more to get better quality, better service and not get sick everytime you go shopping!
I do however try to go there every other month and I load up on paper goods because they are the cheapest in that department and I am not too concerned about the quality of paper towels, TP, paper plates, diapers, etc...
Happy Shopping!

As far as Walmart goes, this is a pretty good one.
It's not the best.
But it is O.K.
My only complaint is that the McDonald's that is inside of it does not have WiFi.
What's Up With That?
Free WiFi is one of the main reasons to be at McDonald's.
Other than that, this Walmart has just about everything you would expect.
And the location is right off of the light rail, which is a major plus.

What could make this Walmart even worse than it already is?
No, it's not your fellow shoppers, rather its the lousy attitudes of the staff at this store.
From the b*tch who scanned my box of kitty litter and then pointed at it and said "I'm done with that" because she was too lazy to pick it up and put it back in my cart; the associate who was standing in the middle of the aisle complaining about having to put items back on shelves; or the staff manning the service desk who were arguing with customers about returned items this store has really gone downhill.
Sure, I can agree that Walmart employees may be underpaid, they don't get health insurance, and they are probably the butt of a lot of jokes, but hey, you have a job which is better than a lot of people these days and ultimately it's still a customer service job so perhaps you should be nice to the customers who are paying your salary.
I've shopped at other Walmarts where the employees are friendly and helpful but that's certainly not the case at this one.

Though there are many reasons to not like Walmart, I am not a die hard Walmart hater.
I shop here for the low prices, sue me.
There is one location that our family frequents and USUALLY we have no problems.
This is not that location.
Nasty bathrooms  Terribly run Cosmetics area  Things are out of stock that I wouldn't think would be.
We usually only come to this location if we are in the area for something else and need to stop to get things at Walmart.
So last month we came here four different times in the span of 3 weeks and they had the Equate 60 ct.
Acid Reducer pills out of stock.
HOW CAN THIS BE?
And last but not least: awful, awful employees.
I'm going to mirror what another reviewer already said, I know Walmart treats their employees like trash and they deserve better but that doesn't mean you can be rude and unhelpful.
No one is forcing you to work there and you are damn lucky to even have a job.
Last time we came here, my Nana had asked an employee to help her find some razors and the lady turned her back and ignored her!
My Nana found the razors on her own and wasn't afraid to let the lady know.
"I found the razors myself, thanks b****!
" and the lady said nothing.
Terrible.
I wish I could have been there to get her name to report her.
And it comes to a point where I don't care if the employee get's fired.
There's NO excuse for that behavior.
Awful location.
The manager should be ashamed to run this store.

This Walmart is terrible and always crowded and kind of sketchy, just like all other Walmarts.
However, the employees are NOT as bad as people are saying.
If you order something online and pick it up from the Online Orders service desk in back, you will probably meet Ron, who helped me when I ordered a bicycle online.
He was SUPER helpful when I asked if someone could assemble my bike before I picked it up.
He made sure that someone called me the next day when the bike was assembled.
And when I came to pick it up and also wanted to  buy a bike lock and bike light, he took me over to the electronics section to ring me up so I didn't have to go up front and wait in line again.
And he helped me take the bike out to my car and load it in the back.
Awesome employee!

I don't pretend not to shop at Walmart-because I do.
It's easy, convenient, and carries just about everything I need.
Plus, the prices are pretty great, and hey, their almost on every corner out here.
But, I've found that some Walmart's are better then others.
Why?
I'm not 100% sure.
Some are clean, some are not.
This one is probably high on the list of gross and disgusting lists across town.
I shop here because it's close to home and well, let's be honest some things can be found just about anywhere.
I come here mostly for stockable home items such as cat food and litter, cleaning products and other household items.
It's not so much the clientele here as much as it is the state of the store.
The first few times I came here I was like "Oh HELL NO I need to find another Walmart.
"  But now I just go when I absolutely have to.
The store feels dirty, disorganized and overall tired.
The bathrooms are constantly in a state of disrepair and they randomly shut them down for cleaning at the worst possible times.
If you try to ask the person cleaning that you need to go badly, they get rude and nasty with you.
How do I know this?
It's happened to me on more then one occasion where I've had to go badly and been told tough shit go to the back of the store.
I've seen it happen to women with kids where the kids gotta go and the rude bathroom attendant sends them away while the poor kid is sitting there squirming having to use the bathroom.
I've never had a problem with the staff or stocking here, but it is walmart so don't expect to much in that area.
Parking does suck, but it's not the main reason I don't like shopping here.
It's just a forgotten walmart, and I guess remodeling or cleaning it up isn't a high priority.
Overall, your better off driving farther to go to a better one, but I come here because its easy for me.
I hate this location so much!

Check your HP ink cartridge that you might purchase in the security plastic box.
I brought it home and noticed scotch tape over the cardboard box and inside the cartridge's plastic wrapper was ripped and the cellophane tape over a new cartridge was missing!
Who at Walmart allowed this to go back deceivingly into the plastic box for an unassuming customer to purchase, like me!
Now when I bring it back they will think I am returning a used ink cartridge I am shocked they did this, wrote to corporate Walmart doubt that I will get a response, tried to call the manager there for that department but was on hold so long that I hung up, UGH!

If you literally want to die, or care VERY little about your life- by all means visit this Walmart.
I swear to you this Walmart has given me mental issues.
Every time I pull into the parking lot my hands LITERALLY start trembling from the fear of entering this awful hellish pit of horridness.
Since it is the only Walmart near Central Phoenix, there are no alternatives.
There have been days when I HAVE to get something from Walmart (I avoid it by all means believe me) and EVERY time I go in to the temple of doom, I come out more mentally damaged.
Let me start off by writing a list of why this Walmart is so AWFUL:  -The parking lot smells like pee and rotten meat.
-The parking lot has the craziest cars in it with the most ridiculous car decals on them.
For example: "R.I.P ______"... only there are 7 different names on the car!!
-There are thugs in the parking lot who will stare at you!
They are just standing there, watching people, it's like.. Really?
-People ask you for money from left and right in the parking lot.
It's like, I'm resorting to coming to Walmart, do you think I'm shelling out dollar bills?
-When you enter the store- it is horrible.
-People fight at this Walmart!
Couples cussing each other out accross the bread isle, dirty kids running around without being supervised by their parents (kidnap danger!
), meth heads, weirdos, gross people, crazy people ect.
One time I was in the dry fruit section and this guy threw a can of cashews at this girl while saying, "Well then, f* you b*!".
No one did anything... -The lines are SUPER long and they have VERY few cashiers.
No other Walmart is this bad.
I am always in line over 20 minutes at this Walmart!
-The employees are AWFUL.
They will literally tell you they do not care.
They are scary looking and often try to intimidate you.
-People are selling CDs and magazine subscriptions INSIDE the Walmart!
-People harass you for money INSIDE the Walmart and will call you a b* if you do not give them money (happened to me while I was buying scented candles) *tear* -Security literally ignores  you when you approach them about people harassing you at Walmart.
-The employees talk to each other about inappropriate things in front of everyone (even kids).
-Everything is dirty and disorganized.
-Weirdos follow you around the store.
-You literally feel that you will get mugged or raped while walking to your car, especially at night (scary feeling!).
So now, instead of dealing with all this trauma, I go around to my beloved Target on the other side of the shopping center.
There is a security guard (sometimes 2) at the door.
The shoppers are normal people.
The parking lot is the complete opposite of the Walmart one.
The store is clean and organized.
The employees are normal and are actually nice to you.
Overall, BEWARE of this Walmart!
If you find yourself here, RUN AWAY.
FAST.

If you don't mind wading through the drunks and homeless to get inside, this might work for you.
Dirty, layout is WEIRD and customer service is non-existent.
I will drive farther to go to a better location.

Slowest.
walmart.
ever.
I always question how I end up here while standing in line forever.
The caja rapida is anything but.
My pissed-off glare is usually very effective but it does nothing here.

The set up of this Wal-Mart is much different than the one I use around my house.
I go to this location for work frequently, and the location in Buckeye has a set up that I am more use to.
Not the stores fault, but I have a hard time trying to find a lot of things I am looking for.
The only problem with that is that I can never seem to find any associates that are willing to help me find what I need.
Any associate that I find seems to avoid me.
Other than this, I really like Wal-Mart and their prices and I will continue to shop at this one and many others to save my money.

The Walmart store, I do not mind because I do shop there here and there.
The pharmacy is what I want to rant about, I called to check on my prescription since they do not call me to notify when it is ready or if it will not be ready for today and whoever answers the phone there at the Pharmacy was rude as hell.
She asked me to hold and I was on hold for 16 minutes.
I hung up and called back and she asked me to hold again and I asked her nicely if she can please help me since I am at work and took a 15min break just to call them ( since they can't do their job and call me like they are supposed to).
The girl on the phone interrupted me very rudely and stated "I have 3 calls ahead of you, you can call back in 15mins" , I said "I will just go to your location and speak to your manager because you are extremely rude to me and that's not how you treat costumers that are calling for their medication" and she said " Okay go ahead" and hung up on me.
So yeah, think twice about getting your Rx called into Walmart...atleast at this location.
Rude!!
If I get to see the girl on the phone today, i'll be sure to post her picture lol

Take your snotty faces to Scottsdale, this is Metro Phoenix...

I have made it a point to avoid this place as much as possible, but my ex really likes shopping at Wal-Mart in the middle of the night while stoned off her ass and maybe a little tipsy.
So after we broke up and did the whole "getting back together for a week and then breaking up again" thing like 50 times because we just sort of deserve each other's misery, I let her coax me into going here just so we wouldn't fight.
I had a massive migraine and kept losing her and I think she shoplifted like $50 in nail polish, but I didn't ask.
I was getting the munchies and filled up my cart with three ice cream cakes (what is wrong with me??
) and we pushed them through the store for an hour, until they melted everywhere and totally ruined the floor in the kids aisle and I think some Mexican kid slipped in it, but Mexican kids here are always running away from their mothers, so serves him right.
Frankly, I don't blame the mothers -- I'd want a break from brats like that too (and this isn't an exclusively Mexican thing either, my mom did the same thing and I'm black) but c'mon, do you really want your kid to slip in melted ice cream and get a concussion?
Also, why is your kid even awake at 2 a.m.?
So we left without buying anything and after that we broke up again.
This Wal-Mart is like that.

While I enjoyed the Walmart at Mesa Riverview I previously reviewed and the one over at 35th, this one gets the lowest rating for me for the following reasons.
No self-checkout, unlike the other Walmarts I mentioned, which mean VERY slow lines, even at 2 in the morning.
Unlike  other Walmarts, selection is inferior with lots of items not stocked at this location.
Unlike other Walmarts, this one isn't clean.
I completely agree with a previous reviewer, Faith, about the parking lot;too many homeless and gehtto types are allowed to hang out all day in front of the store.
While sitting out on the bench on a recent visit an employee of the store sits right down next to me and lights up a cigarette withoit even asking!
How rude can people be?
Worst customer service counter ever, dont get me started.
Yes this is a "gehtto Walmart", Target is a much cleaner, nicer, safer alternative, but unfortunatly is pricier.

Like other reviewers, I have a real love/hate relationship with Walmart.
Some locations aren't that bad.
Others, like this one, are a flipping nightmare.
I really should have heeded the Yelp reviews on this location..but alas, I really needed some random home items & groceries in a pinch-apparently I am also a glutton for punishment.
Before I even walked into the store, I almost flipped out on the security guards.
One was smoking right in front of the entrance-about 5 feet?
And parked in front of him was a golf cart with two other guards just shooting the breeze..completely blocking the entrance from where I was coming.
I had a cart and these guards couldn't be bothered to move out of the way...What do I need to do?
I tried to go around but it was almost impossible.
The clientele is quintessential "People of Walmart" variety.
A lot of sketchy characters, some appeared to be just hanging out as if it's a thing to do.
It was really hard to find things at this Walmart.
I searched for 15 minutes for a water filter with nary an employee in sight..so I gave up.
When I finally decided to end this torturous experience and check out, I noticed that there weren't any Self Checkout lanes (boo).
I guess not all locations have them, so I decided to wait in one of the few long checkout lanes because apparently having more than 5 cashiers at any given point in time is unnecessary (rolls eyes).
Seriously..you have like, 20 checkout lanes?!?!
Maybe I'm overestimating but it is quite a lot.
Our cashier was either new or just didn't really care that she was bagging our groceries haphazardly.
I'm sure I could do a better job..
I mean-common sense tells you to bag like items correct?
But I digress.
I hope I'm never in such a bind that I have to come here again.
There's too many grocery stores around me to even excuse going.

This customer service line can't get any longer.
Four registers and one worker.... really?
Ive been in line for almost forty five minutes and still haven't been helped.
Ahhhh.
This place is so frustrating..

This Walmart is the Worst i have ever seen, They have at least 50 registers and only 3 or 4 are ever open if you're lucky.
It feels  like  you're walking around the state fair trying to find what  you need.
They have the worst selection of produce, meats, and employees.
No one is ever by the deli section.
If i didnt live so damn close i wouldnt come back to this store, Everything about it sucks.
And dont even think about trying to return anything, OMG The Line...The Line

12/5/13        - I just spent 45 minutes in site to store line  (@store 2113), 16thave & Bethany home phoenix AZ) to find out that the wrong item was held and the one i ordered is not available.
This is unacceptable and  poor customer service.
During this busy holiday season i do not appreciate my time being wasted!
Both the drive there and the wait in line!
This situation resulted in a refund simply because i could not wait any longer.
I have tried calling to discuss this with store manager same night but gave up after waiting 20 min for a manger who never came to the phone.
I will no longer be supporting Walmart as it lacks integrity.
12/7/13 -   I have been further inconvenienced by Walmart.
I received a call from that store, i am sure it is in response to my complaint via email.
In the voice message it said to call him back and he can help me out.
Unfortunately, "he"  left no name or dept so when i called back this mystery man could not be tracked nor did anyone have any idea how to help me.
Again wasting more time.

It's a Walmart.
Friendly staff, clean, lively.
Long lines.
No Wifi in McDonalds.

Wow!
I can only review the outside because I left before even getting out of the car.
The parking lot was filled with trash (both people and actual garbage) and I swear I saw scabies and lice jumping on the hood of my car as soon as I put it in park.
Break out the Hazmat suit if you decide to go!

There bunch of idiots that work there went there yesterday the security so rude went through all my bags ripped one  of them tossed everything around though I stole something he said that was he's store no one was goin to steal didn't find nothing told ne not to come back still accused me of shoplifting and gave me this bogus papers an that I was going to get fined I hate this store so much never goin back the mosg filthiest store ever nothing but slime balls work there

I only gave 3 stars since it took forever to navigate through the store but I wanted to give a shout out to my cashier Tameika.
She was super friendly!

This store is horrible.
Every-time we shop at this Walmart there is a problem at the register or somewhere else.
The manager doesn't give cashiers the responsibility to correct a small transaction problem at the register.
Instead, you have to wait 10-15 minutes for someone to come over with the key, so that they can continue with your transactions.
We had a coupon for $.50 that wasn't showing the discount.
We had to wait 10 minutes for someone to come over with the key so we could get our discount.
When we went out to our car we found  about 100 shopping carts lined up behind our car, so we couldn't move.
We had purchases that included several frozen items.We also had our 5 month old granddaughter with us who was getting hot and crying.We waited and waited for the cart people to return.
They didn't.
Finally some other people whose cars were also blocked arrived and were able to push the carts away from blocking our car so we could leave.
I blame everything on a very very poor manager.
Obviously there is no customer service training at this store.
I am ready to travel further from our home to a different Walmart or even to Target, in an effort to get better customer service.

This Walmart sucks.
There's never enough employees to deal with the massive hordes of customers.
There is almost always somebody trying to shoplift something.
There is also a lot of bickering and arguing between customers in line.
It's like a ghetto.

Super dirty, unsafe, and slow.
I have tried going to this Walmart during all hours of the day and they never have enough lanes open.
¾ of the times I'll see the police arresting someone and outside the doors are homeless people hanging out.
Go to the target around the corner.

It's Wal-Mart, what do you expect?
It's dirty, barely any registers opened, 99.9% of the staff has an attitude problem, & you can never find anyone to help you :) Ha - typical.

Worst walmart in Phoenix.
I hate that this is the most convenient location for me.
Every time I go I leave exhausted, shocked, or irritated.
The bathrooms are always a riot-no supplies, gross, etc.
I was using the sink while someone was essentially karate chopping and punching the paper towel dispenser.
People shopping have approached me or harassed me inside and outside the store.
Last time I went it looked like the zombie apocalypse had happened because the parking lot bomb had gone off with carts and trash littered everywhere.
There were more carts in parking spots than cars.
Also, this particular walmart only has the bare minimum of barely human cashiers open.
I've waited 20+ minutes for a quick stop late at night.
I think there's just so many people rolling through this store acting like barbaric rabid filthy animals that the store cannot keep up.
Avoid at all costs.

I only went in here because I needed a new cord for my iPhone and having gone through several already, I just needed a cheap one.
There are no words for how horrible this place is on a Saturday afternoon...I honesty think a funeral would be better.
Every person in here smells bad, looks bad, and behaves badly!
I did not see one person with even a pleasant look on their face.
:(  Perhaps they have cheap prices on crap but I will GLADLY pay twice as much for ANYTHING to never step foot in this place again!
Zero stars!

Although I would never advise anyone to go to Super Walmart to get their eyebrows waxed, mom didnt share the same concerns.
At one point we were all strolling the aisles together (being that we were from So Cal we were curiously scoping the different brands ).
When mom disappeared on us we later realized she ran off to get her eyebrows waxed but it was how she said she was treated and the burn above her eye that made me resort to writing this comment.
It was during the wax of the second eye that the girl spills hot wax on her eye lid.
Now that was disturbing enough but I was more disturbed by the way the manager handled the situation.
Mom was obviously upset.
She was no longer interested in continuing with any other services she initially walked in there for.
And instead of apologizing for her employee, the manager offered to take over and finish what was started.
Of course mom refused but they still charged her.
Amazing, but lesson learned.

This place is a crap fest.
Only good for items that are less expensive than ypu can get at Target.
It's full of people probably buying birthday cakes with their EBT cards.
The parking lot is extremely dark and it feels pretty unsafe, avoid this place haha unless you're going for laughs alone.

