Went to the Arcadia Post Office to try and fix the issue I had with the Fedex Shipping Center.
It was the Saturday before Christmas and the line was LONG and they only had two postal workers manning the counters.
It COULD have been ugly.
But I have to hand it to both of them....they had that line MOVING.
They did a great job of handling the line....and helped me get my Christmas packages shipped.
Which is a lot more than the Fedex Shipping Center did.
Thanks......

I hate that I have to come here for my packages now.
This is the slowest post office aside from downtown.

Worst service ever, I've been calling constantly for over an hour.
The phone line is still busy, I honestly think they leave their phones on the line because they're so lazy they don't want to have to answer it!
I've been tracking my package online since I ordered it, it arrived here on Saturday, and didn't go out for delivery until this morning on Monday at 8:40 am, it is now 4:45 pm the post office is all most closed.
I still haven't received my package and I am livid!
Not to mention I can't get a hold of any one to tell me what on earth has happened!
I am sorry, but if your using this post office chances are you're screwed.
I will be going out of my way to make sure I NEVER use their services again!
Oh, and ps, it's my birthday, thank you for ruining it!!!
I paid extra for priority shipping and this is what happened!
I will be speaking with their superiors if they EVER ANSWER THE PHONE!!

Don't bother calling.
They leave the phone off the hook.

This is one rockin' spot!
Wham, bam, kaching the line is crunched out.
Service is great in the main area.
(I'm not such a fan when picking up vaca mail.
That window doesn't seem to be monitored much, so I just have my holiday mail mailed to me.
Take that Uncle Sam ;)  There is a new guy the crew is breaking in named C/Karl.
Hoh My Funny.
He's a character straight out of a stoner movie.
Except (obviously) he's not stoned [here].
He's just dressed for the part and FUNNY as anything.
I'd like to buy this guy a drink funny.
Look for longer hair, pony tail, and you'll hear him a mile away.
As I mentioned as a tip I'd pay close attention to your stuff.
Someone picked up my keys in the prep area.
Major ouch factor!
Efficient, helpful place!

Hate this place

Long lines and only a few employees working during busy lunch hour.
I dread going to this post office.
Once I went and the lines weren't long, but there were still only two employees.

I would give less stars...joyce here is such a bitch!!!
She is the epitome of crappy customer service....
Lets start government cuts with firing her!!!
She has a very bad attitude but hey I guess it's inline with government employees...seems like they have an attitude where they feel like they have nothing to lose by giving terrible customer service...

