Another new business for Goodyear.
It has been open a few weeks I believe.
This is a less elaborately set restaurant than others in the chain.
This is not to say there is anything wrong with the building or its décor, just nothing special.
At the moment it is the only business on the south east corner of Bullard and McDowell.
We had made a reservation for 7:30 PM.
Saturday.
When w e arrived there were several parties waiting, in fact it was overflow in the waiting area.
Telling the hostess that we had an reservation we were seated right away, which often does not happen.
The young lady serving us was right on for drinks of which were served quickly.
She had a very pleasant smile and demeanor.
We ordered Chicken Lettuce Wraps along with Salt & Pepper Calamari for our starters.
The wraps were tasty and the Calamari was excessively salty.
Soup was also ordered it was the Hot and Sour.
This had no spark.
The flavour was flat and much too much corn flower for thickening.
Four different entrees were ordered, Cantonese Chow Fun, Sichuan Shrimp, Lemon Chicken and Crispy Honey Chicken.
The Chow Fun was listless and lacking any discernable flavour, this too could be said about the Shrimp while the Lemon Chicken was pretty rout, nothing special and the crispy chicken was not crispy.
The only dish with a proper serving was the Chow Fun, but since none was really great it did not matter.
None of the mains were hot, all served at very close to room temperature.
Although the service was pleasant it was quite slow after the drinks were brought which might account for the temperature of the food.
Right now writing about it and thinking that what we got was sub par and too much money for product I doubt we will be going back.
Beijing just up the road is much better.

We have been to several PF Chang's around the valley.
My MIL loves this place, so we "forced" to go on special family occasions.
Our usual orders: chicken lettuce wraps; sweet and sour chicken; dali chicken; honey chicken; orange chicken; monoglian beef; fried rice; lo mein; double pan-fried noodles; buddha's feast; and with white and brown rice.
Yes, this is all ordered in 1 visit.
After years, I still can not love this place.
The taste of the food is sweet, soy sauce, or spicy.
I know this is a chain, but I crave the TASTE of real Chinese food.

Alexis was our server and she was very nice.
(and cute too).
The food was awesome as Pf changes always is.
We ordered the flights of wine..  Good times.
Thanks for the "Diet Cokes".
My family lives in Buckeye so I'm  glad I don't have to drive far for changs any more.
Thanks for a great time out.

I think it may be possible that we are eating out too much!--  With that being said.
I called and made a reservation for 7pm on Saturday night.
We showed up to a crowded waiting area and checked in with the hostess.
She proceeded to hand me a pager.
I thought to myself "Wth?
I thought we had a reservation?".
We sat down and waited about 3 minutes and we were them promptly seated in a booth.
I think the booth makes a big difference here because the tables are very close together.
The tables are so close that I feel like I am having dinner with the people at the next table.
Anyway, the booth is super nice.
Roxanne was our server.
She was polite and friendly.
We decided to try the two dinners for $39.95.
We started with soups and they were very tasty.
We then had Chicken Lettuce Wraps which were also good.
I forgot to mention my wife had a white wine spritzer and I had a beer(both good).
The main course was Sweet and Sour Pork and Mongolian Beef and they were both excellent.
Our experience here was near perfect!
We had a great meal with two drinks and our tab was $60.00 including tip......

Back again for Giants Spring Training and one again it was excellent.
Greg was our server and he was ON IT with the refills!!!!
The only bummer is we had to wait 20 minutes for a table but hey thats not their fault.
Great food,  good fun .

We sat at the bar waiting for the rest of our party (8) to show up.
My husband was so hungry he had to order the pot stickers.
He ordered a beer and I got their green ice tea.
The green tea was good.
When the pot stickers arrived, they are HOT (temperature).
They were SO SO GOOOD.
That was the only really good thing we had that day.
Meet our party of 8, we ordered TONS of food.
All of it was ok.   2 chicken fried rice - kinda of bland  2 Mongolian beef - ok taste too sweet  1 chicken chow fun - kinda of bland, just a soy sauce flavor  2 crispy honey chicken - good Americanized Chinese flavor  2 chicken chow mein - this dish is not suppose to have a sweet taste  2 spicy chickens - too spicy for me to taste the actual flavor  2 Buddha feast - good Americanized Chinese flavor  white and brown rice

The saying, "Don't go away mad, just go away" comes to mind.
Having dined here several times I concluded it wouldn't even be worth a complaint to mgmt.
Regulars at this location seem just too blissfully ignorant.
Hints: P.F Changs food is supposed to taste good.
It's a chain that attracts people who know how to appear in public, don't wish they were at the beer garden instead, and have already learned how to feed infants in public.
Tipping them upside down and shoving a bottle in the mouth while they squirm makes you look retarded.
If the thought of any of the above interests you, go for it.

Food is amazing.... It.keeps.me.coming back!
you have to try the pot stickers they are to die for!!

My daughter took my husband and I for our anniversary last month.
I have to say this restaurant is one of descent Chinese restaurants in AZ since we used to live in San Francisco.
It's a little pricey but we enjoyed the ambiance, good service and good food.
I'm still looking for a non chain good Chinese restaurants since I love dim sum.

Very good service is good too

Standard PF Chang's fare.
I had the Mongolian beef.
It was great, but the rice was dry.
Really dry.
I wasn't impressed.
We had a table of eight and our server was awesome!!
She busted her ass and still had other tables.
I was very impressed with her.
I would have given 3 stars expect for the fact that the service really brought up the whole experience.

I had to drop it down to 2 stars.
The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore.
They brought out 5 small bowls of rice when there are 7 of us.
Are we suppose to share or have our individual bowls?
We had our usuals: 2 chicken fried rice - ok 2 mongolian beef - good 2 chicken chow mein - good 2 crispy honey chicken - good 1 orange peel chicken - meh... 1 spicy chicken - too spicy for me, but the group said it was good  Main reason for the 2 stars was the service SUCKED!
We had to literally get our servers attention for anything (refills, more rice, togo boxes, etc.).
We waited 15 mins for our server to pick up the check, he never showed!
So we handed it off to other server and asked if she can help us.
He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention.
We were always out of drinks.
I have not had that BAD of a service in a long time.
I will not come back on my own, but if the family wants to then they can drag me along (kicking and screaming).

Horrible, horrible service.
I'll start off by saying this was our last shot at giving PF Chang our business because of a horrible dining experience the last time we dined in.
We got there right at the start of dinner service.
There was no wait but the two of us started the night's waiting list.
We were told 5 minutes.
We were seated in the foyer and watched 12 customers leave after eating.
12!
Were we seated?
Nope.
We watched about 20-25 more people come in and get on the list before we were finally seated after a 20 minute wait.
I even asked the hostess how much longer and she replied with a "snippy" answer that we were next.
Really?
We were next?
I think we could have figured that out since we were the first ones on the list.
Waitress was very friendly but the service was atrocious.
We ordered a bottle of wine which took a while to get to us.
When it did, my wine glass was disgusting.
It took 7 minutes to get a new glass.
Seriously?
7 minutes for a glass?
My wife and I ordered the dinner for two which includes soup for each.
Lo and behold, my soup spoon had some brown stuff crusted on it.
Had to wait, wait, wait for the waitress to return.
She was no where in sight.
Not in the dining room anyway.
Didn't take as long to get a new spoon and she did apologize.
The food arrived in a reasonable time and it was good.
Soup, crab wontons, sesame chicken, sweet and sour pork.
It was decent.
But it was all delivered by food runners.
When it came time for dessert, we sat there and waited almost another 10 minutes for her to bring the dessert tray by and show us what they had.
I think you can figured by now how long it took to get the bill and then to get the check to sign.
We got there shortly after 5 pm and didn't get out of there until 7:30!
?????
To sum up, food = okay.
Service = TERRIBLE!!!!!

We had a reservation for 6pm on Mothers Day and didn't get seated until 7:20 pm.
We had asked for a half booth when we had made our reservation and for our party of six a regular booth is to small and we didn't want a table.
The manager, Marybeth Garrett bent over backward to accommodate us.
When we were seated she had made sure that appetizers were sent out to our table right away, we had a great waitress, the food was excellent and Marybeth came to our table at the end of our meal and informed us that our meals were on the house because of the reservation problem.
Outside of the wait we had a great time, and enjoyed our Mothers Day Dinner.

This place serves it purpose, and I don't know if they are reading customer reviews but we experienced none of the issues noted by the previous yelpers.
We were asked politely where we would like to sit because it was a weeknight with not many people in house.
Everything looked clean, the wait staff was professional and happy, and  even though runners brought us our food, our waiter still paid close attention to our needs.
Our food was fresh and tasty and everything was as ordered.
We had enough food, the only thing that kicked it down from 4 stars was the beef to vegetable ratio in one dish was odd seeing that there was about 3 times as much sliced celery compared to spicy beef.
The desert was on time, and the prices are more for the ambiance than the food.
This is like a different cultural version of the cheesecake factory but I feel I get less bite per buck.
Overall, it's a nice place for a romantic date and I would suggest it to friends.

Never bad...consistent

Every time I go to this location the food is great!
It's consistent and the service is great.

Excellent from top to bottom.
If you've been to a PF Chang's before and I enjoy the franchise, this place will not disappoint.
For those that have never been to one, it's a high end Chinese restaurant and you'll pay a good 25% more than you would at your local favorite.
The dining room is very nice but we usually eat in the bar area, either at a table or at the bar itself.
You just seem to get better and quicker service in here.
Our Favorites:  Mongolian Beef (a must!
) Lettuce Wraps of course Dry Rubbed Ribs Won Ton Soup  Relax and enjoy.

Still blah after all this time.

I can sum this one up in one word: BLAND.
We got two appetizers and two entrees.
The appetizers tasted okay.
Crab wontons and egg rolls, I think they were.
The entrees were BLAND.
One of them was a chicken something.
I can't remember because it was a few months ago (I have a toddler and am 7 months prego and I am slightly behind in my reviewing duties.
) but it had NO flavor to it.
They give you several weird sauces, but I am a little leery of mixing sauces into my dish and not knowing how spicy, etc.
it is going to come out.
But, that entree was BLAH and BLAND.
My husband even said "this has no flavor" before the words had a chance to come out of my mouth.
The other thing we ordered was Mongolian beef.
It was served with green onions.
The dish that came out of the kitchen was COVERED with green onions.
We thought it was a plate of green beans, but NO.
It was ONIONS.
Seriously?
They should call it Mongolian Onions flavored with a few pieces of beef.
AND, the beef was bland too.
(We didn't bother eating the piles of onions.
) Also they sat us at a tiny table near the kitchen.
Not too bright considering our kid is in a high chair and in the way of all the servers walking by.
Totally not worth it for the $75 we had to pay.
We won't waste our time or money going back there.

Bad bad service!!
We just walked out because the hostess gave us attitude for wanting a booth.
8/12/12 12:45pm

Service was great and so was the food.
We enjoyed a wonderful dinner as always!

We were seated promptly, but waited 10 to 15 minutes before flagging down someone and asked her if she could send our wait person over.
It turned out she ended up taking our table.
She was ok-not super fast or overly friendly but efficient enough.
The food was average- compared to some of the other PF Changs I've been to.
The  vegetables were tough and the overall quality was just not there.
I'll go back to PF Changs, but not this one.
It took forever to pay too-very annoying.

My wife and I always get the 4 course dinner for two!
Egg Drop Soup?
Love it!
Crab Won Tons?
Love it!
Kung Pao Shrimp?
LOVE IT!
Improved the desserts to larger size!
In West Valley this location is easier to get a table than Peoria.

Went to eat dinner here tonight, Sunday, January 27, 2013 but left before we could get seated.
Over 50% of the seating was empty but there were about 20 of was waiting to get seated.
It would not have been a problem if the staff had a sense of urgency, but they were slow to seat people.
We waited at least 10 minutes before we decided to leave and there were still people ahead if us waiting to get a table.
We did not all come at the same time either, the customers were staggered on arrival time.
The staff just didn't want to seat people when they walked in, they just took names.
We asked if the problem was if they were short staffed and she never really answered, however, it did not appear that they were.
They just didn't want to sit tables at the same time.
We would have been happy sitting at a table with a drink and menu while we waited on a server.
The food is not that good (edpecially for the price) at PF Chang's to begin with, so, we left.
Won't be back...ever.

I am not sure why they were having people to wait to be seated but they had at least 18 of us waiting for over 15 minutes.
There were only 2 in our party.
We left, so not sure how much longer it would have been.
I could easily see 9 tables open.
Maybe not enough staff.
The speed they were seating the ones that eventually got seated was uncalled for.
The manager stood near the front podium and never once helped to seat or check in people.
Maybe slipping them money would have helped but they are far from being that type of restaurant.
We weren't the only ones who left, too many better options around worth waiting for.

It's good, but not great.
Love the lettuce wraps, the chicken fried rice is also really good.
Dumplins are good.
Mongolian beef is decent, but too expensive.
Lunch specials are the way to go to make this place worth the money.

Britney was amazing.
My son and I had been traveling all day and were in a hurry so I called in the order to be ready when we arrived to eat so we could get right back on the road.
When we arrived our drinks were on the table.
We weren't sitting for more than a minute and our food came out.
It was delicious as always.
Her customer service was A+.
We will be back.

AKA-- Yummy Salty Chang's  Not a place for authentic Chinese food, but they don't purport it and the food is tasty.
Made the unfortunate mistake of looking up the nutritional info from the menu and dear Salt Gods is this place is good for some mighty dessication!
Many of the platters are a step away from just reading "salt lick with rice and brown sauce".
That said, salt is indeed tasty.
Their dessert sampler is one of the best options out there for variety and serving sizes, sharing, and giving your youngling their own.
I do miss the banana lumpia option, though.
Service is usually good.
Generally keep the place dark for some reason.
Children's menu is okay.
They do keep the place very clean.
They have become rather pricey, which is the only consistent knock I have on the chain.

This place has a great happy hour!
Lettuce wraps $6?
Yes!!
The BBQ spare ribs are awesome and so are the crispy green beans!!
The service was great and they made sure that we got our order in during happy hour.
It is a refreshing change compared to some places that seem to discourage the happy hour menu.
We will definitely be back.

Grouchy staff.

Nice place for lunch.

This is the first time we ordered everything from the Gluten Free Menu.
We ordered online and picked up a to-go order.
The order was ready on time packed well and everything arrived home hot.
The only exception was that all but one of the boxes had a large orange sticker on it that designated the boxes as gluten free.
Although the nice person that packed the order did read off gluten free before adding each item to the bag I still felt the need to call and clarify that all the food in our order was gluten free.
I was told that they had simply run out of the stickers and instead of making us wait just did not place one on our box.
Although slightly inconvenient it was worth the phone call and in the end everything was gluten free and there were no reactions!
The food over all was fantastic with the exception of the Moo Goo Gai Pan.
The chicken and shrimp were cooked well but the vegetables were a bit underdone and the sauce lacked any sort of flavor.
I am not sure if this was due to being GF or simply just a so-so dish as I have not had the gluten full version.
Oh, and we are so glad we choose not to skip the flourless chocolate dome!
What a treat, it was more fudge or truffle like and came with a nice portion of fresh summer berries.
The menu tends to change with the seasons and that will keep us coming back.
GF CHANG'S CHICKEN LETTUCE WRAPS  Our signature appetizer.
Wok-seared chicken, mushrooms, green onions and water chestnuts served over crispy rice sticks with cool, crisp lettuce cups  GF MONGOLIAN BEEF  Sweet, soy-glazed flank steak wok-seared with scallions and garlic  GF MOO GOO GAI PAN  Sliced chicken breast and tender shrimp served with mushrooms and sliced vegetables in a mild sauce  GF FLOURLESS CHOCOLATE DOME  Decadent, rich chocolate cake served with fresh berries and raspberry sauce

It's was ok at best, it started when we entered the restaurant there was no friendly hello it almost seemed like we were unexpected.
When it came to restaurant it was clean and about half full server was great, attentive and met our needs really well.
Food was mediocre found a bit over cooked even found a chicken bone in the chicken lettuce wraps.
Overall it was average, I have been to PF changs in Spokane and Las Vegas and the were both superior by far.

Excellent service and yummy yummy food!
Matt gives great service too.
Everyone seems to always be smiling!

The dessert trio was nice!
I had the salted caramel cake, tiramisu and key lime bar.
I sampled a bit of each and was pleasantly surprised.
Although the tiramusu wasn't the best I've had it wasn't too bad.
Enjoyed our time here!

We went here New years Eve and had a great dinner.
The service was excellent and my Lemon scallops and chicken Lettuce wraps were amazing.I highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner.

Never had bad service or food, great atmosphere!
A little pricey but we'll worth it.
Two thumbs up

