Wow this place was ok before but now it's heading downhill...fast!
I ordered the hamburger steak & they now use frozen patties and douse it with salty brown gravy.
(maybe Chinese cooks need to stop smoking so try can actually taste their own food) My son ordered the chicken katsu & I figured they couldn't mess that up but they managed to burn some of the katsu.
To top it off it wasn't even crowded & they still botched up the katsu.
I understand that quality control may be a problem with a franchise but this is borderline insulting to all the other L & L's.
Just a little note to L & L headquarters...time to review Quality Control at this locationl!!!
I'm no food expert but I'm originally from Hawaii so we grew up eating L & L at the Liliha location- it may not have been the prettiest place but their food is always good.
If you are looking for decent local  plate lunches...save your time & money & make the drive to Island Flavors on Durango or Island Sushi on Eastern.
Trust me.

Weekly ritual with the family.
My 6 year old gets the spam saimin soup.
Husband usually gets regular chicken katsu.
I usually indulge in orange chicken combo.
I usually spend $15 on all 3 of us.
There is new management that has really turned it around!

Da grinds were ONO, da service not so ono!
If you work at L&L you better know what's on your menu better than da Hawaiian who's ordering it!

I love the lunch specials here.
You get a ton of food for a cheap price.
The Chicken Katsu is THE must have if you've never tried it.
I've tried it at many places around town and I always think L & L has the best.
Also, L & L makes a great double cheeseburger.
Since there is no Big Kahuna Burger, I like to think it probably taste like the delicious burger Jewels eats on Pulp Fiction.
The knock on this place is it is sometimes a little dirty and there can be a sewer smell in or by the bathrooms on occasion.

I went in to get dinner for my son and I, ordered two Katsu chickens or # 18s as it was listed... Got home and sat down to eat and as I began to eat I realized that the food was not hot and the chickens looked as if had been out into cold grease or had been sitting for awhile..... Needless to say we tossed it and decided to cook after all...didn't want to chance it..

Pretty good.
Love the shrimp curry!

This change in management has done great for this place.
The place is clean and they took care of that grease trap odor.
You can't beat the chicken katsu and chicken wings are yummy!
If you've previously given up on this place, by all means, give them another chance.

If I didn't like L&L in Hawaii, there's no chance I'm going to like them here in Nevada.
Ordered the breakfast place, the portuguese sausage, eggs and rice.
Portuguese sausage?
Uhm, more like luncheon meat from a can.
Seriously!
The eggs were still white, yup white!!
Raw.
I asked for over medium, it was not even over easy.
Just raw.
The rice...well it was hard.
Would not go back to this place at all, unless someone will be paying for my lunch and my hospital bill if I got salmonella.

I don't eat the food here, but my munchin loves it.

I enjoy this place.
Authentic, inexpensive Hawaiian food.
It's run by some nice people.
The store itself is a bit on the low end side, but I don't think it's meant to be fine dining.
Great for a quick Chicken Katsu fix.

Ordered BBQ short ribs and they were overlooked - dry and semi burnt.
The quality of the food has deteriorated throughout the years and I've visited this location several times this year and all have been disappointing.
Food often overlooked, rice tasted old, and macaroni salad always runny with overkill of mayo.

One random day of errands got me all hungry for some Hawaiian BBQ.
I'm definitely a big fan of Hawaiian BBQ being that it's my heritage.
When it comes to L&L, it's a dime a dozen in Hawaii, so I don't tend to visit this restaurant very often.
The franchise set up sometimes makes for an inconsistent experience between locations.
This location is right across the street from a very busy mall in Henderson and around the corner from Sunset Station.
The immediate shopping center includes Hobby Lobby, Target, McDonald's and other shops and restaurants.
This L&L is in it's stand-alone building with ample parking.
The inside is has a bunch of booth seating and a long bench for folks waiting for To-Go orders.
This location is a bit strong with oil smell.
When you walk in, you can tell that a lot of their choices are deep fried and/or greasy.
Most days I'm all about it, this day, I wasn't.
The staff is pretty fast paced.
They kind of  have an expectation that you will know what you want, the minute you enter.
I was kind of turned off by that.
I ordered a plate and was about to order a side dish and they thought I was finished with my order.
Speaking of orders, I got the Hawaiian BBQ Mix plate and a spam musubi.
Total cost, including tax was $11.46.
The spam musubi is pretty self explanatory.
They don't use a sweet agent like Teriyaki, so it's super salty.
Less rice than other places I'm used to so I appreciate that, as you can taste the spam.
The mix plate includes BBQ beef, chicken and short ribs, rice and macaroni salad.
I really liked the flavor of this dish!
The short ribs were marinated well and everything was nicely grilled!
I was really enjoying the flavor.
So packed with amazing BBQ flavor!
Highly recommended.
At the end of the day, the location is alright.
I think the BBQ mix plate is what will bring me back.
I do have my favorite Hawaiian BBQ joints, but L&L does offer some great grub.
I'll definitely be back when I'm having another mix plate craving!

Not bad.
Not as good as Hawaii, reasonable price, it's clean inside.
Employees are nice, large menu, I normally get the bbq chicken and a side, mostly eat there.

I've been eating at L & L since my father got me stuck on katsu chicken, the hamburgers are good also, I don't go as often as I did before because of my exercise karate life style however the only complaint I have is they only allow 1 refill on soft drinks and they charge extra for extra katsu chicken sauce.
also they don't like it when you arrive 15 minutes before they close it seems because one night I went there 15 minutes before and they said take out only.

I'm a Hawaiian food Lover!
I stick to the basic katsu chicken, or bbq chicken love  the macaroni salad.
Kalua Pork wasn't too great for me..

The food isn't too bad at this location of L&L, but I was worried about the cleanliness of the place.
Not that the cooking area was dirty, but the vents were dusty and the tables weren't cleaned right away.
The food was pretty good, something I expect from L&L, so in terms of the food, it wasn't too shabby.

I love their musubi, the katsu one!
The combined crunchiness and juciness of the katsu works well with rice and the seaweed wrap.
Tip: add the sriracha sauce for that exciting hot flavor!
I've eaten here once and the place is ok plus the price is just right so I'm giving a 4.

I always get their garlic shrimp to go and it is always delish!
Unlike other places, you don't have to peel the shrimp and it also comes with broccoli&onions.
I literally ate here every Friday during lent and never got tired of it.
The one time I ordered garlic shrimp from elsewhere, it made me sick.
L&L is officially my go to place for that.

Maybe it was just bad timing but when I walked in there was a customer and the clerk fully engaged in a verbal power struggle.
Not sure but the perception didn't resonate well as far as customer service.
I was ignored  for several minutes until I was then told they were only taking "To-go" orders.
Moving forward, I place my order and keep it moving towards the door to return minutes later.. Food came out on time and wasn't bad at all, it was really on point.
Chicken Katsu and BBQ mix plate.
Chicken had decent flavor and wasn't over cooked.. Would I write home about it?
Nah, would I return, not sure depends on the mood.
It's ok, nothing to rave about.
Food saved this rating bc customer service was lacking..

BBQ mix (beef, chicken, short ribs)... Good.
Chicken Katsu... Good.
Fried Shrimp... Good.
Spam Musubi... Good.
Everything I've ever ordered was good.
What else can I say?
This place is good.
There's nothing super special about it, but there's nothing bad about it.
Honest people making good food at a reasonable price.

