When I walked into this shop and the saleswoman was wearing the exact same J.
Crew dress as I was wearing, I knew I would love it.
Now this wouldn't be that extraordinary except I have had that dress since 2001.
It's a tiny little shop that carries those sorts of fashion/outdoorsy brands like Loue and Patagonia.
Now there are a lot of places in Madison that carry those brands, but A Stone's Throw focuses on the "fashion" side of outdoorsy--which means I can look cute and be practical all at the same time.
For example, I bought a Patagonia halter dress there that became my summer staple.
I work with kids and wore while we made scarecrows for the garden in the morning and over my swimsuit to the pool in the afternoon and I still looked great for a night out on the town.
Perfect!
And did I mention,  wonderful staff.

I LOVE this store...the selection, the atmosphere, the people.
This is my go-to-place when I'm having a bad day and in need of a little retail therapy.
They do an excellent job of choosing great items from each brand line they carry.
Brands like: lole, prana, patagonia, horny toad, smart wool, ibex.
What's great about the pieces they carry is that I can just as easily wear the pieces to work, to play, to the great outdoors and feel comfortable and "fashionable".
I love the staff there...they know you by name and have a great eye for style.
On several occasions I've called on their assistance to select items and never left disappointed.
This is a great locally owned business!

If you are an active, outdoorsy or even slightly nature-loving and want to look cute while being who you are, check out A Stone's Throw on my favorite street in Madison, Monroe Street.
A Stone's Throw has brands like Patagonia, Lole, Horny Toad, etc.
and also carries a fair amount of Made in the USA and organic cotton clothes.
Whenever I am about to go on a travel adventure, I know I can go to this store to find the pieces I need that will pack easily and be my go-to outfits.
If you're into quality, not quantity, shop at A Stone's Throw!
I will say the return policy is a bit stringent with 2 weeks and only for store credit, but that is mostly because it's a local store and family-owned and that's what I usually get as far as return policies when shopping at a small boutique.
Service is what sets A Stone's Throw a part from the rest--just ask any associate for help (but they will offer it up unsolicited anyway!
) and they seem to be very genuine and creative if you are in need something in particular for an event.
And yes, there are dress-up clothes here too--it's not all for being outside!
I have lots of friends who shop here for comfortable work clothes.
My mantra is Buy Local First, and I am happy to report that it is quite easy to do with A Stone's Throw!

We are so lucky to have A Stone's Throw in Neenah!
Thank you for opening and giving Neenah a wonderful store to shop in.
I hope I get to check out your Madison store sometime, too.
I LOVE your brands.
My two new favorite brands are "Lole" and "Rese.
"  These are two brands I had never heard of and they both fit me perfectly!
Love, love, love them!!
Also, I think it's really cool that you support local designers by carrying their accessories and jewelry.
Well done!

