Had the opportunity to sample the Festival Buffet for a business luncheon today and was disappointed on several points.
There is no breakfast, so that mean..... no eggs, egg white, egg substitutes; just Denny's meh The Stir fry station had what looked to be the only edible veggies there, however, they stir fry them in so much oil its ridiculous The service was slow and not the quality of other Station locations, especially inside their famous "Feast buffets"  Overall, I thought it was pretty bad and don't plan on a future visit anytime soon.

@stationcasinos N Rancho #Vegas #Easter Buffet $13.00 per person.
Most of my experience at any Stations Casino Buffet have been less than stellar BUT  I'm a sucker for CHEAP and I keep going back.
Just now I have Lowered Expectations...always hoping at least dessert can save the day if the rest of the buffet is as expected.
Easter dinner offered Lamb Chops,Turkey,Ham and Crab Legs..sounds good right??
Nope still a Stations Casino Buffet.
The only way you can get them to change something out is to take it all put it on your plate yourself and throw it away.
They had the same 6 lamb chops looking all pathetic the whole time I was there.
The crab legs were COLD and they said they would heat them up-too many or too much something.
They did offer made-to-order mongolian food whatever that is BUT the pasta,pizza,mexican,chinese and american was pathetic as usual-all dried up and unappealing-twice I walked the whole thing and NEVER put anything on my plate.
This time EVEN the desserts didn't do the trick.
The bread pudding was ok but the cheesecakes were dry and the other stuff that looked good was SUGAR-FREE--yuck!!!
I never learn!!!

Went for a cheap breakfast forgetting it was a Sunday and Champaign Brunch.
But was glad we came.
First the champagne was more than drinkable.
Extra dry and not that Seven-Up stuff you get elsewhere.
Had a cooked-to-order omelet and lots of breakfast sides that were all tasty.
Finally the service was outstanding.
Better than any off-strip buffet I've been to.
Can't speak about the various stations since I only ate breakfast but they did not look very appetizing.
But I plan to go back for Sunday Brunch again.

This is another good cheap Las Vegas Buffet.
Taco's are pretty good, the fish is pretty bad.
They also ran out of bean sprouts for the Mongolian Grille.
Regardless, I will go back many many more times.
Can't beat the price.

Because the price for dinner is $5.99, a lot of low income people come here daily.
But, on the other side of the spectrum, you get a lot of stereotypical suburban middle-class families(you know, the ones with the 9-5 jobs, 2 children and a dog) eat here to save money.
They allow homeless people to eat here.
Today, there was a homeless man eating here.
He brought his giant bag full of empty soda cans, clothes, and all types of items he had collected in his life.
For the next 40 minutes we had to hear him scream, talk to himself loudly, make loud choking/coughing noises, and to make things worse he constantly kept banging the table with both his fists for no apparent reason.
These episodes of punching the table went on for about 30 seconds at a time, and could be heard from outside the restaurant.
The server just decided to abandon the area.
He knew that everyone sitting in the 4 tables surrounding the homeless man was gonna be pissed.
He accepted the fact that he was not gonna get a tip from any of those guests, and made a decision to not service any of us.
This isn't the worst experience I've had with a host sitting me next to inappropriate people.
When I was at the Flamingo in Laughlin, the idiot host sat me next to a group of 6 guys with swastikas tattooed on their foreheads.
I'm actually shocked that the bum didn't ask anyone for spare change when waiting in line at the Mongolian BBQ area.
I'm gonna give this place an extra star for actually serving Turkey at the carving station instead of possum.
I'm also gonna give this place another star for making sure there wasn't a severed toe in the bread pudding.

I became sick from the Tilapia today.
The waitress called over the manager & she bullied me into her own belief that the fish was fresh?
I became immediately I'll & vomited in the Restroom.
We were not treated like guests & I have never become ill during a meal.
It was embarrassing & the service we received was horrendous!

Congratulations on getting my 1st one star review.
The food in this buffet is terrible.
It always seems to be bland and wrong.
The fried food tastes like its been under a heat lamp all day.
Sometimes the meat is tough, sometimes its dry, but usually never just right.
I actually made a vow to never eat here again, even with free comps.
It's that bad.
If you want something cheap and decent, check out the Denny's just a few steps away.

The only thing I enjoyed was the Mongolian gril & my beer.
I don't think I'll be going back unless I'm really in the for the Mongolian BBQ.

