This is a mixed review... a few yay's, and a few uh oh's.
Great: Firecracker Shrimp Roll.
Get a few orders if you're more than 1-2 people.
Good:I had the Beef Rice Noodle stir fry - was good only with my side addition of sliced red chiles in soy sauce.
Kicked it up a notch and made it super yum.
Without the chiles, the dish is pretty tame.
The dish had good flavor but probably a lot of MSG.
I had that MSG-overload super-thirsty sensation the next morning.
Not-so-Great: 1.
Could do with a few more tables in the space.
Servers have trouble managing the few tables that are already there.
Service overall was lacking.
I observed one the few valuable tables being used to stock pile dirty dishes from a few other tables.
No bussers were there to take them into the back to be washed and free up that table.
A couple either was seated there or sat themselves at that table and proceeded to grow visibly aggravated that no one was clearing that table and waiting on them.
I saw a group of four be seated in the middle of the dining area and asked to be moved elsewhere because they were catching a cold draft.
There is virtually no acknowledgment of your arrival at the front desk as you wait to be seated.
The hostess & servers do congregate there but chat amongst themselves, despite growing numbers of hungry potential customers waiting to be seated.
You almost have to trip someone so you'll get seated.
All these things are fixable, and again... the Firecracker Shrimp Rolls are a must-get.

They have hot pot now!
I'm very picky when it comes to Chinese food and would never have eaten there if they didn't have their newly-introduced hot pot.
I was very pleasantly surprised, their soup base has lots of nice spices and herbs, even ginseng and goji berries!
You get a choice of 3 meats: beef, chicken and seafood.
the seafood is a combination of shrimp, fish, scallop, squid and fake crab.
my only complaint is that the soup is a bit too salty for my taste, but most food outside of my kitchen is too salty for me.
Also, it's nice that the hot pots are small individual pots for each person, so you don't have to worry about everybody else's tastes in spiciness, and mixing meats.

Thought we would finally give this place a shot.
My wife and I usually burn our poker comp $ at Ping Pang Pong since its my favorite Chinese restaurant in a casino.
We went with the squid/shrimp noodles w/ bits of anchovy in it and the shrimp dan dan noodles.
Both were awesome although it seemed like the hot pot was the must have order of the evening as every other table had that.
That's more of a winter thing imo but it looked fantastic and will definitely order that next time.

Cheap Chinese food specials for lunch here at Noodle Exchange.
I had the Sweet and Sour Fish with fried rice that came with a spring roll.
It was pretty good, but I would still recommend eating at Ping Pang Pong at the other side of the casino.

This is a hot pot place with fairly quick svc once you do order the hot pot that comes in seafood, meat, or lamb (14.95).
It comes out right away & my son loves when they light the sterno.
Don't put everything at once in the pot or it won't cook/boil so decide what you are ready to eat, cool, or cook.
Don't get the fried tofu appetizer (San Pan Tofu $5.25) cuz it's deep fried & barely tolerable.
My parents like the traditional red bean drink (3.95) but I don't care for it.
The mango strawberry shake, though was very refreshing (3.95)

We tried this place again & it's fairly consistent.
It was crowded so we did have to sit up at the bar area.
The seafood hot pot is pretty much the same (15.95).
So many people were ordering shakes & juices of all kinds which I realized are popular since they're fresh squeezed so are delish.
We had the carrot, orange, & strawberry mango 3.95 each.
My son had the bento box which he said was ok (in teenage language, I take it a notch up.
)  My mom had the beef hot pot 14.95 which she enjoyed.

This review is on their hot pots.
The restaurant itself does not have a lot of seating area and I don't think they take reservations.
They have table seating or bar seating.
We went on a weeknight at dinner time.
The place was packed.
I've heard so much about their personal sized hot pots.
I just gotta try it.
The hot pots are not on their regular menu but on a separate menu on the tables.
There are three choices, beef, chicken and seafood.
And you can pick your soup base to be the traditional herbal base or the spicy.
I picked the traditional and it was really delicious!!
I believe all three are priced at $15.95 each.
First they waiter brings out the heated base for the hot pots, the broth base, your traditional hot pot dipping barbecue sauce, then your plate of ingredients.
You get glass noodles, bok choy, tofu, fish ball, taro, mushrooms and of course thinly sliced fatty beef.
I asked for a bowl or rice to go with the hot pot and share it with a friend thinking it might not be enough food.
But at the end I could not finish the rice and the glass noodles!
It's definitely enough food for one person.
I just want to drink the whole broth afterwards.
It's very flavorful and have a nice hint of Chinese herbs.
But be careful with all the beef fats floating on top of the broth, it canget a little greasy to drink.
So I rrecommedn scooping it out first before drinking the broth.
But this is definitely a must try for the winter!

In reality I should probably give this place four-stars but there are some intangibles that give this restaurant the boost into five-star country for me.
I must admit, I was apprehensive.
I saw an Noodle Restaurant in Gold Coast Casino and I was thinking: "Really..?
"  But my party of three ventured in after a long drive from So-Cal and we were knocked off our feet by how authentic the food was.
First thing's first - I always order the same beef noodle and we ALWAYS split the Peking Duck Sampler.
Although the gf sometimes changes up her order, I stick with what I've come to love.
Why do I love these dishes?
Because the soup is not too salty, the meat is delicious and the Peking Duck comes with cucumbers which provides a very different element to the flavor.
Everything just goes very well together.
What really makes this place our tradition is that we stumbled upon this establishment with such low expectations and it has now turned into one of our must-do traditions every time we visit Vegas.
Cheers!

We had a food comp of $25 at Gold Coast and decided to try noodle exchange.
We thought it would be cheaper than ping pang pong and plus, noodle exchange had lunch special.
So we got the Sweet and sour pork, dumplings, wonton noodle soup, and fish dish.
The food was excellent....We like the fish the best but everything else was great also.
The only negative was service was average at best.
Sometimes, we couldn't locate our server and the restaurant was small.
We would definitely go back...

Gold Coast probably offers one of the nicest reward to its players.
Honestly, my fiance and I hardly play here (we both use his card), but he gets offers for free hotel room (premium room), $25 food credit, and $35 slot credit per day.
Thus, we ended up here for lunch.
We both ordered from the Lunch Special menu.
At $6.99 per lunch, you get an Egg Flower Soup, an Egg Roll, an Entree with Fried Rice.
Really not a bad deal.
I got the Chicken Lo Mein http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2YBO1LEKIgyle0uX50u15Q?select=mVNeqVPHxPmERzGgYiXsZg which was pretty good.
The chicken was all white meat.
My fiance had the Sweet & Sour Pork http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2YBO1LEKIgyle0uX50u15Q?select=gLJFQwjbTMq_kEWA5IzMlQ which he liked a lot.
We also order the Red Wonton http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2YBO1LEKIgyle0uX50u15Q?select=lVqBX746E5HHCAWnSBNrng as appetizer.
It had lots of garlic but not enough chili oil, so it was not spicy like I'd expect.
I also ordered a Mango/Strawberry Smoothie    http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2YBO1LEKIgyle0uX50u15Q?select=InU0fzF75GrtTaAUOXcwpg which was really good and refreshing (it was about 105 degree outside).
Our lunch only cost us less than $4 (Tips excluded) after we used the $25 food credit.
Not bad, not bad at all.

Best noodles in town!
everything is excellant, except for service which is hit and miss.
AND watch out for their drink prices!!!

I've been craving ramen lately and decided to venture out to the Gold Coast Casino.
I got the Chashu Pork Miso Ramen for $10.95, but I guess it just was not as good as I remember.
It was served with half of a boiled egg and a soggy piece of sweet potato tempura on top [wtf?].
The thin white ramen noodles were cooked al dente but the broth and chashu pork left much to be desired.
The broth was watery and essentially tasteless, lacking in both miso flavor and salt.
I actually added some soy sauce to the broth which is something I normally never do.
It's a bad sign when I cannot stand to drink the broth.
The serving of chashu was generous, but despite soaking in the broth, it reminded me of very dry, sliced turkey.
The amount of noodles was on the small side which is a shame because that was the best part of the dish.
It should go without saying, but $11 for a relatively small portion of ramen is not a good value.
Granted it is a casino restaurant but still.
At the very least, the restaurant was clean, and service was relatively quick and efficient.
They kept my water glass full.
I've had other noodles dishes here in the past, i.e.
Mandarin Pork Tenderloin Ramen and Tepan [sic] Pork Tenderloin Noodle with Onion Black Pepper Sauce, which were mediocre to okay.
I guess I'll have to satisfy my ramen cravings elsewhere.

I've wanted to try the Hot Pot since I saw it last time.
It's only available for dinner, so I made sure I saved a spot for this.
When we got here, the main dinning area was full, so we took the seats at the bar.
It was fine since it was only my fiance and I.
The hot pot seems to be a popular choice among diners.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2YBO1LEKIgyle0uX50u15Q?select=Az6cgBtuJVm3LncNV5kNNg http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2YBO1LEKIgyle0uX50u15Q?select=V7IkrP393iz-ZCaPcblS3A  I saw pots after pots being delivered.
And I was very happy to get mine!
I ordered the spicy broth.
Along with the chili peppers, there were also several herbs in the broth.
I felt good that not only was I eating something good but healthy, too.
The broth had excellent flavor but not overly spicy.
If you do want it spicy, just eat a piece of the chili pepper or break it and let it cook.
I actually took them out half way during cooking because I didn't want it to be too spicy.
Now, this is Chinese Hot Pot, not Japanese Shabu Shabu.
The sauce that accompanied with it was Chinese Satay Sauce which I LOVE!
The veggie plate consists of Baby Bok Choy, Cabbage, Corn, Fish Balls, Tomato, Frozen Tofu, Tofu Skin, Straw Mushroom, Fish Cake, Taro (LOVE these), and Glass Noodle.
For the meat, I chose Rib Eye Beef.
I really enjoyed my dinner.
During the meal, the manager, Mr. Howard Chang, came over to chat.
He actually recognized me from my Yelp review!
How awesome was that?
He is such a cool guy!
And the entire staff was exceptionally friendly and efficient.
Refills were provided many times.
My fiance had the Orange Chicken Bento http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2YBO1LEKIgyle0uX50u15Q?select=F5zfuBYvFk_BSn2AghXc1g.
He ate it all so I think he liked it, too.
;-)  I am sure I'll return again for the hot pot.
If you haven't tried it, do so in your next trip.
Tell Mr. Chang I send you.

Here just a mini vacay $7 dollar lunch specials and very tasty.
Good portions not too sweet not too salty.
4 stars because they charged us for a beer we did not order and they charge $2.50 for hot tea.

My husband and I were craving some good Chinese food during our honeymoon in Vegas, and came across the Noodle Exchange in a visitors guide.
It's inside the Gold Coast Hotel on Flamingo.
It's a small place tucked inside the casino and the food and service were excellent.
We ordered lemon chicken and the Orange chicken bento box meals for dinner.
The portions were perfect for the price.
We will definitely try and come here again.

------ sorry, I don't like their mini hotpot at all!
Maybe because I had so many 'good' ones....  ------ I don't think my reviews are going to hurt their business.
Because it locates inside Gold Coast :)  ------ it looks nice, smells not bad but the hotpot TASTES NOTHING.
------ it only provides one dish combines with couple pieces of meat, 2 different of veggies, small size of noodle, 2 pieces of taro, 2 fish ball and 2 small piece of tomato.
We usually get 2 full dishes in other similar places ( one for veggie and another one for meet, full plate of beef or lamb or seafood or combination ).
Plus, I wait an hour to get in and their service are ....... sigh.......
However, as my part of point, 1.5 star

For a quick lunch, this place is really very awesome.
My Vegas companion could not leave Las Vegas without a stop at the Noodle Exchange for his traditional lunch special: chicken lo mein.
I went for the chicken in black bean sauce, and I wasn't sorry.
At $6.99, you get a satisfying meal in soup, fried rice, spring roll and your choice of dish off their lunch specials.
Service is attentive and quick.
Food is delicious and filling.
Prices are just right.
This place fills up very quickly.
Opens at noon.

For this review, since I'm not from Vegas, I can't really compare Noodle Exchange's shabu shabu to anything else (obviously comparing it to those of Los Angeles is stupid since Noodle Exchange is located in Nevada).
Now to be honest, the shabu here is pretty decent.
Someone mentioned the soup base is plain and unfortunately I can't comment since I didn't drink the soup from my pot, but someone in my party did and she had a regular soup base and said there was actually some tasty flavor, similar to that of Xiao Fei Yang (this herbal based hot pot chain in Los Angeles).
For me, I ordered the beef with a spicy soup base.
By looks, the soup didn't look anywhere near spicy (a few drops of chili oil and dried peppers were thrown into the soup).
However, the amount of food given is extremely filling.
The stuff is typical - a large plate of your choice of meat followed by a plate of vegetables (shittake mushrooms, lots of cabbage, spinach, tofu, enoki mushrooms, etc).
I almost could not finish.
Shabu sauce is given and there is soy sauce available at the table.
The pots are individual to each person and they're lit on this cool purple wax.
I ordered an iced green tea, and it was pretty dull.
Flavorless.
Maybe I should've gotten something else.
Service is good, a few waiters come around occasionally to refill water and take away any trash.
On my visit, the manager actually took our order and delivered our food.
I don't know of any other shabu places on The Strip, but I would recommend Noodle Exchange for their shabu.
I think quite a few Asians who go to Vegas know of this place (it's how I ended up going) and there were a lot of other Asians eating here too.
Haha.
But I'd say if you're sick of buffets (and the lines) or the high ballin restaurants of The Strip, definitely venture off a little to find Noodle Exchange, which is located inside Gold Coast.
Not too expensive and definitely filling.

If you want Chinese style hot pot in Las Vegas, noodle exchange is the place to go.
The hot pot comes with either beef, lamp, or seafood and bunch of veggie.
The cost for each hot pot is about 15 buck each.
Whichever hot pot you order, I recommend you order a side order of Chinese spinach to put in your hot pot, just b/c I think it goes better with hot pot than the veggie they give to you on the plate of meat.
We normally order hot pot when we come here but did try several of their menu items and they were good.

Awesome and attentive service.
I ordered a mini hotpot, and they knew it was a new experience for me, so they started me up and checked on our table frequently to make sure we were ok. My Bf ordered the kimchee noodle soup that had seafood in it.
Both the hotpot and the noodle soup were yummy, and hit the spot on a cold night.
Portions were big, so if u have a small stomach, you may want to share.
Prices were really reasonable.
Will definitely come again and try other things.

Really good food.
Best mooshoo pork ever and really good noodles and orange chicken!

More like 3.5 stars but I give it 4 for the excellent service.
Took the wife and kids 4 in total.
i ordered a spicy beef shank noodles very good spicy just remember to stir the broth.
Also ordered Fish Congee, Beef Chow Fun Dry, war wonton soup, and Peking duck appetizer.
The best was the Peking Duck Appetizer 5 stars ... just remember it takes like 20 to 30 minutes.
Beef chow fun was good 3.5 stars   Fish Congee 4 stars War Wonton soup 3.5 stars Spicy beef shank noodles 3 Stars The service was excellent ... very fast to refill my drinks.
The waiter had a very thick accent and make sure you review your order so it is correct.
I did it again  ...
I lugged my heavy camera gear and ate the food again before taking pictures ...  :)  I would give this place a try but ordered the duck and ordered something different than what we selected.
I will try this place again maybe next month.

Hot pot (3/5)  I generally have the hot pot here.
There's not much I can say about it.
Expect broth, with some raw items.
Also the hot pot doesn't quite fill you up, it just stops you from feeling hungry, but doesn't quite make you feel full.
It'll take your mind off your loses for a moment, but soon, your winnings will be as empty as your stomach...

Very small place only 12 tables or so, and that's just fine with me!
I like peaceful places and don't have to worry about waiting in lines and such.
Went around dinner time and was no waiting to get seated.
Server was nice and fast.
The strawberry lemonade was really good!
I highly recommend trying that.
The food was hot and fresh when it came out and everything tasted great.
They gave such a great portion for a good price.
I had to get a to-go box because it was so filling and couldn't finish it all.

It was a super hot day, but since I played in a tournament last week at Gold Coast on a Wednesday night, I figured, let's try Noodle Exchange.
This place is super under rated.
This would definitely be the place to go to on a cold winters day.
I had a great time here because I ordered the Seafood hot pot and it was very hands on.
They give you all of the fixings: raw seafood including different kinds of fish, squid, shrimp, fish balls, and crab.
They also give you all the vegetables, tofu, and other things that I"m not really sure what they are, but they taste good!
Then they give you a boiling hot pot with all the flavors already added in.
Then you cook away.
It was fun, and everything was flavorful.
I recommend the spicy hot pot.
MMM HMM!
I was full with the hot pot but still managed to scarf down the red won tons which are a great appetizer to start,.
I will definitely be back!

Usually when I come to Vegas and want Chinese food, I hit up the Rio because I love theirs.
However, my dad told me Noodle Exchange in Gold Coast was really good and it was better than Rio's.
We came around 1pm or so and were seated instantly.
they have lunch specials so I went ahead and got one of those.
It was $6.99 for your entree of choice (sweet and sour chicken) fried rice, egg roll, and their soup of the day.
Saturday's soup was Egg Flower.
I'm more of a won ton soup girl but hey, it was free.
I also ordered a strawberry limeade, which I thought was lemonade until I got it.
Not a problem, it was still delicious.
Kind of like cherry 7up with crushed ice.
The food was really good, I ate it all :)  Service was average.
Nothing to brag or complain about.
I'm sure I could bump Noodle Exchange up a star if I come a lot more often.

Service, not likely.
Food?
Served from pre-prepared vats.
Noodle Express is too pricey for dinner given there is a better asain place in the same hotel.
Lunch was worse than a standard chinese take-out.
I watched them prepare it an was unimpressed with the scoops of pre-prepared food being basically stirred and reheated in a wok then dumped on a plate.
Alternatives would be anywhere in the Palms or Rio, or take a taxi West on Flamingo to any of the restaurants there.
Beats out 1 star for being convenient and at the very least filling.

J and I came in around 4pm for a late lunch.
I ordered a $6.99 lunch special - Beef with Broccoli.
J ordered the DanDan Noodles off the regular menu.
After we sampled each others dishes, J had then wished he ordered what I got.
After tasting his, I knew why.
Beef with Broccoli - Beef was tender.
Broccoli still had that crunch to it that I love.
Fried Rice - Not greasy.
Egg Roll - Lightly fried.
Egg Drop soup - Not a fan of egg drop, but this was pretty good.
DanDan -  The noodles were very mushy.

My first time here and I love this place!
The beef noodle soup is the best I've ever tasted!
Kung Pao Chicken is tasty too, better than many Chinese restaurant out there.
They have $6.99 lunch special, which is cheaper than in China Town!I

I went for lunch.
Got the lemon chicken lunch special.
It was a panko breaded butterflied breast with a lemon sauce that tasted like it came right out of a lemon pie.
The fried rice was tasteless.
The soup was the consistency of mucus.
One bite of everything and I walked out without paying my check.

Great price for great hotpot!
We ordered 2 beef & 2 lamb hotpots to feed 5 people.
The broth comes with chinese herbs like dong kwai, goji berries, plum, longan, star anise, clove, loads of whole garlic!
The trick is to drink the soup after you've cooked almost everything and the soup has absorbed all the nutrients from what you've been cooking.
It was so tasty!
We are definitely going back to try the seafood hotpot.
There is also satay dipping sauce for you if you're not too fond of boiled food.
Restaurant has limited seating.

My original plan was to meet up with my friend at Ping Pang Pong after work.
When we got there we found out it didn't open till 5pm.
Thank goodness the Noodle Exchange is located in the Gold Coast too!
We were also in time for their $6.99 lunch special.
I wanted to try something different so I chose their Honey Pumpkin Chicken.
This dish also had good sized pieces of crispy pumpkin which was surprisingly delicious!
If you like Honey Walnut Chicken you will most likely like this too.
This special also came with plenty of Fried Rice and some tasty soup.
The portions are really generous and filling.
I would love to come back and try the other dishes!

Great peking duck sampler, the most amazing fried rice I've ever had with onion, scallion, egg, tomato, marinated skirt steak, yum city!

I am a true hot pot fan especially in winter season.
Me and my family love to come this place just for their spicy Chinese herbal hot pot.
They offer 3 different combos, such like beef, lamb and seafood.
What I love the most about this herbal hot pot is the broth.
The broth comes with chinese herbs like dong kwai, goji berries, plum, longan, star anise, clove, and loads of whole garlic.
You will feel all warm up after drinking the soup.
And remember to try their red wonton when you visit!
They are very delicious too!

Worst hot pot ever.
Why they only serve it between 5 - 10:45pm boggles my mind.
They shouldn't be serving it at all for what they give you and at $15 to boot.
Service is very bad too.
They barely pay any attention to you.
NOTE: Only reason why I've come here more than once is I was giving myself hope that this place, which is rated so high, would be good after all... all times were fails.

I normally go for their hot pot,  it is not the the best in the world, but the only one I can find in las Vegas.
The soup is a little blend,if you are used to spicy hot pot.
And their beef noodle soup is authentic too.
I went their several times , that's the only things I would try.

Came here for lunch on a Chinese food craving.
I wanted to check out the Ping Pang room but the line was ridiculously long and we were starving.
Place opened at noon and filled up quick.
Ordered the mongolian beef off the lunch specials menu for $6.99.
Meal comes w egg drop soup, spring roll, and fried rice.
Food came out very quick, service was prompt, and it satisfied by craving.

My wife and I make it a habit to come here everytime we come to Vegas, simply for their hot pot which is served only in the evening hours.
Mind you, we go to Vegas 6 or 7 times per year.
We visited this past weekend and their service attitude completely sucked and I will not be back.
All the other times we've visited the restaurant, the restaurant is as good as any Chinese restaurant can get.
I don't expect much, but disrespecting the customers is not good.
Arrived at 6pm and ordered food.
At 6:30pm a group of Asian Conventioners arrived and created havoc by seating themselves and trying to cut in line.
At 7:15pm, we finished our meal and wanted to enjoy our coffee.
The table next to us was there before we arrived and also has finished their meal and were just talking.
Waitress comes over to my table and drops the check without saying a word.
I didn't even ask for the check!
Brought the check up to the cashier and I guess the Manager was there.
Told her what had just happened and she started to explain the reason.
As a customer, I do not need to know the reasoning behind their action.
This is the manager's explanation:  "I understand your interpretation and if I were you, I would feel the same too.
But the server gave you the check because she may be busy later on and could forget about it.
"  Ok~I understand the reasoning, but why am I the only table who got the check dropped on?
There were other tables around us that was in the same situation as us!!
!We like the food, don't get me wrong.
But I will not return because of the lack of respect for a customer.
My interpretation of the action is simple and I'm sure some of you would agree, while others would not.
If the server drops a check to you without being asked, it means "You have finished your meal, now pay and leave".

Was in town for a week long party and met a fella from London, spent the day walking the strip with him and then on the way back to the Gold Coast, he happen to be at the same party, I asked him out to dinner, and to my surprise he said yes.
I had been wanting to try The Noddle Exchange since checking in at the hotel, but it wasn't opened, their popular dish looked to be this hot pot dish where you cook your meat and veggies in a soup broth of sorts at your table, it looked like many where enjoying it.
I went with the Mongolian Beef bento box, it came with soup, green beans, and I replaced the rice with noodles.
The food was great!
I asked for it to be extra spicy and it came out perfectly!
Good food, great conversation, fortune cookie was cheesy just the way I like it.
I didn't take any pictures of this dish because I didn't want to seem too much of a nerd/weirdo in front of Mr. London.

I must say having a waterfall on my head while I was eating, wasnt a great scenerio.
A pipe in a soffit broke and water was pouring down from the light fixtures.
Instead of not taking anymore orders they continued to, While everyone wwho was seated and waiting for food had to wait longer, Manager was very uncooperative, I kept saying could we get our money back.... She kept saying one minute!!
while helping new guests that arrived!!!!!
We waited about 1/2 an hour until another employee (most were taking photos and videos) finally decided to bring us ourt food bagged!!!!
Bad circumstance, very bad recovery!!!!!!

Nice place for dinner with your favorite person.
Definately don't skip the spice when it's offered for the hot-pot.
I recommend mild over hot though or you will miss out on all of the interesting herbs in the broth.
The Mango fish roll appetizer is an unexpectedly good combination.

Don't be misled by the menu online - there are way more options to order from than the small pdf menu might suggest.
Let me first start by saying that the 30 minute wait for a table for 2 was still worth it.
We ordered quite a few things:  Peking duck sampler - 3.5/5 - my expectations weren't that high for this - i mean, it's not a roast duck house - the duck meat was on the dry side, but the crispy duck skin and bun were more on point.
Fried tofu w/ garlic, shallots - 3.5/5 - they definitely know how to make a crispy fried tofu dish - however, the flavoring of the shallots and garlic could have been much more intense.
Really unfortunately blander than it ought to have been  Spicy beef noodle soup - 4/5 - pretty darn good - and they even throw in some tendon too!
Kong Xin Cai (open heart chinese vegetable) - 4/5 - we had originally asked for the snow pea leaf tips but they were sold out - so they made a fairly traditional version of this vegetable with fermented tofu (dou fu rou).
Pretty on point.
Spicy Lamb Hot Pot - 5/5.
This was the best part of the meal!!!!
I almost wish we did more hotpot and less of the other things.
The soup base was really good (they throw in lots of traditional chinese herbs (five-spice, goji beans to name a couple), and red chili peppers.
And they were fairly generous with the napa cabbage, fish balls, rice noodles, and everything else you eventually threw in to the pot.
The second best thing was that for all this, after tax/tip, it was only ~$34 a person.
A Pretty darn good deal.

Best $7 lunch in vegas.
Fast hot and tasty.
Cant go wrong.
Its just inside the gold coast.

I'm meh about this place.
Good porriege, but the spicy noodle special is where it's at.
I personally don't like that, but others LOVE it.
If that's your thing, this is a 4 star for you.
Listing a 4 start to give it the credit it deserves.
For me, it's a 3.

With all the Asian gamblers around (they changed the MGM mouth of the lion entrance for Chinese feng shui) there are some great authentic dishes being offered here.
Actual Chinese cooks cranking out the food at Noodle Exchange....I was very hopeful.
Their special hot pot was just like the kind you find on the streets in Taipei.
Only offered from 5-9 It was a great deal for $12 for lamb or beef, and $14 for seafood.
The rest of the dishes looked great ... Chinese comfort food for sure!
I cant say that the Gold Coast would be a destination, or that the restaurant was that amazing to visit.
However if you need your Taiwan/ Hong Kong  fix.....this is your place!

Ordered the fried tofu, fried rice, and .... an hour later... left.
After notifying them a few times that we were waiting too long for our food, the manager finally came over and responded with ok's.
No apology or compensation, just ok's to our complaints.
Pretty good food but crude system with typical, low-quality chinese attitude.

Below Average Menu: Hotpot              1/5 Service:           5/5 Management   2/5  I had tried all three different kind of hotpot here.
The plain one, the special and the spicy one.
The plain one was average.
Anyone who knows how to put water and buy all the ingredients at a Chinese supermarket can make the plain one at home.
The special was awful.
The pepper was floating on top of the soup and the flavor didn't simmer in as it suppose to.
The chef pretty much just put in the raw Chinese herb material in and serve.
The correct way should be cooked in the back with  with a stock for several hours as a soup base.
Not the case here.
Same goes for the Mala flavor (the spicy pot)  You have take extra effort to ask for the condiments such as satay sauce, garlic, chili sauce.
They even charge you for the egg to put in your condiment sauce.
How do people eat a plain taste of the hotpot without the condiment sauces?
The services was slow because they seem to be under staff.
The waiting line was ridiculously long.
There are simply not enough staffs.
However, we need to give their staffs a lot of credits for putting in the effort of putting up with some awful customers.
An reasonable man screamed at the staff because he refused to give the staff his room number nor proper name to put it to his room charge.
At the end, the customers starts screaming at the staff and no management was brave enough to tell the customers that he was at fault.
I believe the cashiers had put up her best effort to do her job.
However, the failure to see her managers to back her up nor stop the clients from disturbing other customers was a total failure on the management.

Opted not to go with the house special beef noodles as my friends did, figuring I'd be getting my greasy fill soon enough at some buffet.
I got the "Sai-Men noodle Aloha Style (Broth)"  Saimin - I don't think any local Hawaiian would mistake this for something you'd order on the islands.
No charsiu - they used boiled chicken.
Huge piece of fried sweet potato tempura on top - not sure where that came from.
And mushrooms....  That being said, it was pretty good.
Light flavors as I was hoping and a nice delicate broth.
Noodles are definitely Chinese - straight and a bit thicker than normal saimin in Hawaii.
Friend's Homestyle Spicy Braised Beef Shank Ramen looked really good too.
Mongolian beef and Garlic Tofu / Eggplant dishes were also good.
Not super spicy but they do requests for that.
Sitting at the counter is also fun as you get to watch the old school cooks do their thing.
Service was great.
The guy in charge of the counter customers was very attentive and our food came out quickly.
Another good sign was that 95% of the customers were Chinese.

Had the worst experience eating at this restaurant.
Cashier in front gave us the worst attitude.
I used to come to this restaurant every time I come to Las Vegas, I will not go any more.

Nothing spectacular here, but the hot pots are what I have here.
The food is tasty and broth is pretty good, just wish the portions were a bit bigger.
It's moderately priced, I'd even say a bit over priced.
But when I need to get hot pot this is my spot.

Come here quite a lot with my parents and I usually leave full and satisfied.
I love the mini hot pots, they're a good size and their spicy isn't too spicy.
They're also fairly generous when I ask for extra tofu skin and enoki mushrooms.
They also have a curry beef which is pretty good too.

Went to Noodle Exchange on Friday night for dinner.
Long line so I ordered "to go".
Cashier was EXTREMELY rude both when she took my order and afterwards.
Food was not good, no flavor.
My recommendation is to skip this spot

5/17: Located in Gold Coast casino.
I had passed by many times before, but never bothered to try it.
My good friend introduced me to this place, and I have been back repeatedly since!
Friendly, beautiful staff, and awesome food!
The Minced Beef and Fried Egg is excellent (super huge portion, and I usually finish my plates clean!).
And you have to try the Beef Medallion!
The Chrysanthemum Tea is a nice, sweet balance to your meal.
The only downside is the pricing, which can be expected since it's located inside a casino.
I'd still say it ranks in my top 5 Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas.
A must try!

YES YES YES!
This place made me feel at-home and comfortable (I'm always eating in Boston's Chinatown) and had a RANDOM gigantic wait/line on a Monday night, so you know they're good.
The mini hot pot is delicious and feeds two just fine, maybe even three.
Our wonton appetizer tasted like heaven - probably the best wonton I've had in a very long time.
This place was probably the best and most accurately priced food I had during my entire Las Vegas stay.
Thanks, Noodle Exchange.
Extra star for cute waiter.

Beef hot pot.
Do it.
$14.99 for a tasty herby broth with plenty of veges and meat to dip in it but it's only available for dinner time.
Service is ok.. to be expected for an asian restaurant.
Sometimes you might have to wait for a table..  oh and they have lunch time specials for $7.99 which are huge proportions!
I'd probably give it 3.5 stars.. but yeah i'll be back for the hot pots

This place has issues.
1) 10 mins after we've been seated, we still hasn't been greeted by any servers, but ppl came after us were getting their orders taken.
2) too many items not available.
3) my food came out cold!
For god's sake, I ordered fried fish.
FRIED!
How can it be cold?

Hot pot!
Amazing  Service amazing  Price amazing.
Why 4 stars?
Because a good restaurant stuck in a crappy casino

Basically a true Chinese restaurant.
Think every table was ordering the hot pot and customers were 99% Asian.
Can't go wrong for $15 for two.
Service a little slow but they were busy.

My boyfriend and I ate lunch in this restaurant yesterday ,we went there for many times,it's very good ,good food,good service ,good price!
It's perfect!
I like it very much,will go back soon,for sure five stars!

Ambiance: The restaurant is really intimate and small.
The decor is red and brown; super Asian.
Not that many tables, maybe 15-18.
There is also bar seating.
Service: The service was okay, they don't check on you all the time; so my advice is to be assertive when you want something!
Food: I had the famous beef hot pot, which was really good!
It was hot and delicious, and surprisingly, it helped my cold and my headache a whole lot lol!!
Local Specific info: They do take-out!
Hot Pot is only served from 5pm - 10pm!

its my first time coming here and i am not coming back again.
First of all we order 3 sodas which they couldnt give us a refill because their soda mechine was 'bad' if so why did u even let us order in first place and when i asked for a refill u said okay.
after over 10 mins of waiting i asked for my refill then only then they let me know that they could not give us refill due to their machine being bad.
thanks alot     we ordered two mini hot pot medieum and spicy broth and two other dish menus, when our broth came out they brought out mild and medium and when i told the person she was like 'no it was for mild and medium'  and they did not even make an afford to bring out differnt broth.
and it doesnt even end there but too much to write  anyways overall experience was not very pleasant and i definitely will not be coming back here

This place was recommended by people who live and work in Las Vagas.
Inside the Gold Coast Casino Hotel is this small Chinese restaurant with delicious individual hot pot.
The choices are very simple, regular or spicy broth, and 3 choices of meats: seafood, beef, or lamb.
We had spicy and spicy with seafood and beef.
The amount was just right for 1 person, and everything (tofu, veggies, etc) was very fresh.
The beef was flavorful and tender.
The dipping sauce was superb.
Be sure to order some steam rice and you won't be disappointed.
The price is right too, only about $15.

Well let me start with the service which was not good at all.we have been here before and the service is always poor but this was the topping.
First of all we only order 4 dishes and the place was not even half full.
The first plate took 30 minutes to come out and then 15 minutes for the next one and then 15 minutes for the other.the waitress did not even come by are table at all to tell us that the food was going to take that long or even see how we were doing.
After waiting 1 hour for 3 plates to come out I just wen ahead and canceled the 4th one.
The worst part is that the cooks there took there break next to us in there plain uniform and all of a sudden are waitress comes out and starts serving these cooks like they where vip people.
She brought out 6 dishes in less then 7 minutes and then she has the nerve to sit down next to us and eat herself.
At first I thought I was on a tv show with a hidden camera but then I realized that I wasn't.
So after she was done eating her little food we ask for a box to go and she had this face like someone just farted in her face, I was like whaaaaat, is she for real.
These waiters better get some good training in hospitality before they start losing business.
I hope that the Vice President in food and beverage reads this so they can put a stop to this service.

For Vegas this is the best place for Chinese hot pot.
Good ingredients, tasty broth, and the lamb is my favorite meat.
You can also choose beef or seafood.

For hot pot in Vegas I only come to this place.
The soup base is very flavorful, made with Chinese herbs.
Could ask for different spicy levels.
Good place to eat with friends in a cold winter night !

VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED that they don't have mini hot pot anymore!!!
This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas because of it's affordable price and really good hot pot!
However this time when I went there I was told that they do not have the mini hot pot anymore...no reason given.
I would've left right away however our beer was already opened so....
I ordered beef noodle soup and a fish+intestine spicy dish.
My friend really really liked it, I felt meh~ I still love this place for its mini hotpot, hope it will be back when I'm here next time.

Jesu-Cristo!
Look, I can only blame myself for late night antics with desperate circumstances.
A man has to eat ( from what I've heard, so do women ).
Just don't do it here, I forbid you.
Accountability is all mine for even attempting this stunt ( I can't reiterate this enough, it's like looking for a vegan friendly Arby's) I ordered some glass noodles with tofu and veg.
"Sure!
It will be spicy okay?
" Fabulous.
What do they consider spice?
Green onion  and peanuts?
Fuck me- it was the blandest thing ever!
I'm sure the seniors may ask for warm milk or cool water after this dish, NOT I!
One star goddammit!
I'd say 1/2 but, well, you know.
And fucking Yelp, don't give this place an exit you scheming bastards!

They could use a little more staff with their hostesses and waiters stretched 10 different ways.
They are practically running on the floor.
We were seated and a second later was asked if we were ready to order.
Mmm not quite, but I'll have a water.
We ordered roast duck and charsiu fried rice which was served rather quickly.
It is the hot pots that take a while.
I think the broths are prepared with other orders because they all seem to come out all at once.
Otherwise, good meal.

Hot pot!
Hot pot!
Love the hot pot and vanilla cream burlee.
Their hot pot menu finally came back.
Somehow I feel that their services has gone much better.
They care and checking up on your table in a timely manner.
Sometimes, I found the food wasn't washed thoroughly.
Kitchens faults... Server is willing to take back and get a new one for me.
They won't argue like other typical Chinese restaurant.
I always get spicy broth with seafood.
Their squid is different preparation then before.
It's more texture and better taste of.
Lamb chop is delicious.
Only one more thing I got to complain is that their small white bowl the bottom part is always crack!
I like to hold up the bowl when I eat.
Sometime it cuts my finger :(   Overall, there aren't many hot pot place like them has good price, portion, and broth!
Of course, Will be back soon again!!

Ordered the beef noodles without any spice and I was really pleased!
Also had some sautéed veggies which were good and garlicky...  You know how they say you can tell how good a place is by whether the customers are the same ethnicity as the food?
Well, it was a sea of Asian :)

This is the best hot pot I've had!
I normally get the ribeye or lamb combination hot pot.
I'm sure the bowls are good for 2 people, but I can eat a whole bowl to myself.
The mini hot pots are full of flavor, spices (that I've never seen or heard of) and garlic.
I cannot make the broth at home because it probably has at least 50 different spices (which makes it taste so awesome)!
The portions of meat are great.
Other than hot pot, this place also has great tasting congee and Vietnamese iced coffee!

Headed to Gold Coast for some grub today before EDC night 3.
I ordered the Vietnamese coffee and the Beef Mini Hot Pot.
The hot pot was not to heavy but really delicious, warm, and just hardy enough.
The warm moist food really helped clear my sinuses before another full night of partying from dusk till dawn.
The delicious Vietnamese iced coffee gave me the perk I needed to really prepare myself for this last night in LV.
The vanilla mochi for desert is a must have.
Over all it was a casual, and satisfying experience.
However, they made a mistake when splitting the check, and I ended up get charged once for the entire price then again for half the price...
But I guess it will be 3-5 days before the bank gets the update... Ahh, well it kepts me from spending it.

The four of us dined here for dinner.
We ordered two hot pot meals with one plain soup base and the other spicy with Chinese herbs.
The two plates were beef and fish balls with vegetables (enoki mushrooms, cabbage, tofu).
The spicy soup was delicious although it would have been even better if the spiciness was toned down just a tad.
The light plain soup base became flavorful once it was infused with the beef and vegetable flavors.
The beef was fresh, and it was a good amount.
We also ordered chicken fried rice that was very tasty.
The wait staff was friendly and efficient.
The prices were reasonable as well.

OK. this is THE MOST DELICIOUS hot pot i've ever had.
granted, it's in an old, rundown casino reeking of smoke, and only has a handful of chairs....but the soup base for the hot pot is SO GOOD.
very herbal.
i'm sure they probably have a ton of MSG in it, but regardless, it's great hotpot.
not the best value but still such great hotpot.
hits the spot every time.
the hotpot is 5/5.
but everything else is a bit frustrating.
wait is always long (because they really only do seat like 20 people), and the service is slow.
and the place is dingy and smoky.

