I've been searching for a good salon, since I moved to AZ.
Somewhere w/ reasonable prices, friendly ppl that do a great job...
I think I may have found my place!
I went here to get a facial and waxing.
Heather is GREAT!
I really enjoyed my facial, she was able to tell me exactly what I needed, what products to use and explained everything she was doing, why and what.
The salon is small, the stylist work independently and seem to have great prices and specials going on.
Can't wait to go again!

I am a complete snob when it comes to getting my hair cut.
I have to find the right person and once I do it takes a death or a move to make me quit them.
Angie from Just A Tease is one of the great ones.
She is not only professional and great at what she does she loves it and that energy comes through everytime you are in her chair.
Not to mention the place has gone through a complete makeover and looks and feels great; have a glass of wine or water and sit back and relax.
Many of my great friends both male and female go to her, and she does such great work I even recommended her to mom.
:)  Use her I guarantee you will never be disappointed.

WOW!
I have to say..... After going from salon to salon for so many years, I have finally found my lifelong Stylist and Hair Goddess, aka Rebecca Crosby at Just a Tease Salon.
I LOVE THIS WOMAN!
She is so professional and has transformed my hair into nothing short of fabulous!
I have seen her about five times now for cut, color as well as style.
I am still as happy as can be!
She listens, takes great care to understand what I want while adding her expertise!
Ladies, you will be walking out of this salon struttin your stuff!
I promise!
Go Go Go!

This review is related to Betti only.
I called to schedule my first appt with them and the girl on the phone gave me prices and mentioned their newest employee Betti was only charging $25 for haircuts, I assume to drum up business, but she assured me Betti had been cutting hair for 20 years and had lots of experience.
When I spoke to Betti on the phone I asked if she had experience with thin hair because my hair can be difficult to cut giving it enough style without taking too much volume away.
She said she had plenty so I had high hopes that  I could get a cheap good quality haircut!
When I arrived Betti began talking about my relationship with my hair and how I should call it "fine" instead of "thin" because of the connotations for how I relate to my hair ....
I didn't really care, I just badly needed my split ends cut off and some style put back into my hair.
She finished cutting it wet and asked if I ever tried drying it without a round brush on a lower setting to minimize split ends.
I said no because it never has enough volume that way so she started blow drying it that way to see how it would turn out.
Well as predicted, I didn't like it, it was a mix between bed hair and air drying ... so she graciously straightened it, at which point I realized she basically only trimmed the bottom of my hair and it had even less style than when I came in.
I asked if she could put more layers in it and she told me it had plenty of layers, so I asked if there was anything else she could do to give it more style.
She handed me a mirror and showed me all the (very few) layers it had in it.
I asked if maybe texturizing it would help (this was really stretching my knowledge of hair cutting), and that did help a little, but since I know my limited knowledge of hair I like having a hair stylist who comes up with plenty of options that work for my hair ...
I didn't get that here.
Overall my hair looks like I'm about due for another hair cut, with less split ends than normal.
If you are older or like a very simplistic hair cut, she might be fine but if you are a young adult or like a cut that gives your hair lots of  natural style, I'd look somewhere else.
I'm going back to driving 45 minutes to my old salon in Mesa.
Oh and most stylists take credit cards but Betti is not signed up yet so I had to leave to get cash and come back.

Amy Rova McClintic is an amazing stylist!
She listens intently when you explain what you want, then she does her magic!
I am sending my daughter to her next!
Amy is the only one I trust that can take her brown hair to blonde with a natural transition.
Not to mention, Amy is just darling!
You have to spend a few hours with your hair stylist, so you should enjoy their company!
Amy is sweet and professional!
She really knows her stuff!
Amy at Just a Tease!

Ask for Angie.
I won't let anyone else cut my hair, and I'm a guy!
That says a lot about what an amazing job she does.
She is very busy, so make sure you call in advance!!

Angie Tarsha at Salon Beauremy is probably one of the best professionals I've ever had cut my hair.
I've got this quirky, grey/silver hair that's coarse and hard to deal with.
Nobody every seems to get it right for me until Angie started cutting my hair!
She even gives me flexible times to fit my hectic schedule!
She is the best and I'm not sure there is anyone better!
Go to Salon Beauremy and ask for Angie and you won't be disappointed!

I have been going here for years now!
Heather does my face and Angie does my hair!
They are both amazing and I can't imagine going to anyone else!
I love my time with them and they tend to your every need honestly!!
You will not be disappointed!

I get my facials and skin care from Heather.
She is absolutely the best.
She is very knowledgeable about skin and skin care products.
My skin looks and feels amazing after she is done.
Love her!
She is the Best.
I highly recommend her.

This is a great little salon.
I see Heather for my skincare needs.
She is very professional, personable, honest and knew more than the dermatologist I went to for treating sun damage.
I highly recommend her.

Angie has been cutting and coloring my hair for 4 years.
She listens carefully before transforming me into Cinderella for the day.
Hair cuts are fab but her skill at color is the best I have experienced.
Complete strangers approach me to tell me "you are rocking that color" or "your hair color is the bomb".
We are talking 20-30-40 year olds who love this old gal's hair.
Go see Angie, you won't be disappointed!

