Ok, so this place JUST opened for business.
I love greek food, especially Gyros.
This place has it all!
Its definately NOT a chain, and seems to be the only one in the valley.
Yippie!
Its located right near the cinimark movie theatre in the Mesa Riverview District.
So, after seeing a movie, I was starving, and really wanted a Gyro.
These guys were open on Christmas Day, which was wonderful.
Im sure the  business from the movie theatre helped.
I walked inside, and was warmly greeted by some of the employees.
They have a really great menu of popular greek items.
I got a Gyro combo, which came with fries and a drink.
I substituted the fries for a greek salad for an extra dollar.
The gyro was wonderful!
The prices here are extremely reasonable, (under $10 for almost all of thier dishes) and the food was excellent.
Mind you, this is NOT some fancy smancy dining joint, and is more of a casual dine in or carry out place.
Casual, yet delicous, and I liked that thier prices were fair, and that the place is NOT a chain.
Would dine here again in a heartbeat.
Service, food and price were all top notch!

Ehhhhh...it was just ok.
The fries were great, service sucked and I ordered beef NOT lamb... guess what I got... LAMB.
I went back and asked for beef and they just looked at me.
I got a refund nonetheless.

I tried this restaurant not to long ago..because it is close to my house.
I didn't really care for it...I didn't really think the price was that great for being a little small fast food looking restaurant..I got lamb and rice and was surprised i didn't get a salad on the side or pita bread for the price..I could have gone to my big fat greak restaurant which i think has way better food and got more for the money..I dont think i will be coming back to this one soon...

Nice little restaurant.
The portions are ample for the price and the meat was well cooked, not dry like some other gyros.
The staff were friendly and the decor, bright and clean.

My wife and I visited this place to grab sandwiches.
We were thinking of Quizno's, but saw this place and decided to give it a try.
After I ordered my food; Chicken Gyro, Chicken Kabob and Baba Ghanouj to go, my mind drifted off to "Kitchen Nightmares".
I don't know why, but that's what I was thinking.
Once our order was ready, we got it and drove home.
The Chicken Gyro had large slices of chicken not bad, but it should have been thinner.
Since our "to go" order was in pita bread, it was half soaked with the juices from the tomato and onions.
My  kabob was a disappointment, it was also strips of thick dry chicken.
I thought it was the GYRO and expected chunks of chicken.
It was difficult to eat, so I ended up eating just the chicken.
Now, the Baba Ghanouj was disgusting.
The mixture was "slop" immersed in olive oil.
One bite was all  we could stand.
The best I ever had was at "Sabuddy" Israeli restaurant which closed because the owner returned to New York.
As for the sandwiches,  the pita bread was excellent and the next time I will have it there and NOT "To Go".

not too great.
small entree portions with like.. 5 lbs of really boring rice to make up for skimping on the entrees, which were quite bland as it was (Lamb Shank, Mousaka)... Spanokipita was served kinda cold and was obviously processed/frozen.
Good pita!!!
Baba Ganouj was really gross.
Much better food at Haji Baba in Tempe, and the prices at Omega are rather high.

We visited Omega Gyros yesterday.
I had the Philly Beef and it was delicious, the pita was fresh and soft, the filling was perfect.
The fries were delicious.
My husband had Spanokopita with salad and he said it was very good, although when he tasted mine he liked it better.
Nice little restaurant.
Very clean, fast friendly service.

Yummy juicy gyro meat piled high on a soft hot pita.
Quick, friendly service.
I've been back a couple of times when I'm craving something quick and a little greasy!

Seriously, this place is called Omega GYROS, and everyone's giving lower ratings solely for the other entrees!
I'm telling you, for Gyros, this place is legit!
I'm a huge fan of family run places, and for better or worse it shows!
There is SO much more meat compared to other locations, and it's so juicy!
Eating in, they give you a whole ketchup style bottle of tzatziki, so you can season both your fries and gyro however you want!
There are a couple drawbacks.
If you order the dinner portion, you can only choose rice, salad, or fries; as opposed to other locations that give you both rice and salad.
However, whatever you choose they give you a LOT!
Also, they recently restricted drinks to one refill, which is kind of silly but more than enough for me.
If this place weren't so far away, I'd go multiple times a week!
Best gyros I've ever eaten!
Hopefully it stays running for a very long time.

I love gyros and this is the best one I've ever had.
A healthy portion of meat is cut at the time of order from a giant fresh lamb shank.The pita bread is hot and fresh.
Nothing else about the place is worth noting, just a great gyro.

This was the third place I attempted to go to for dinner last night.
The first place, Azucar Peruvian, was right across the street from the motel I always stay at and I'd been meaning to try them since last summer.
I drove over there to find they were now out of business with a sign up advertising the place going in next.
I snoozed, I loozed.
The second place was supposed to be open till 8:30pm according to their Yelp listing, but was closed when I got there a few minutes after 8.
The third place, here, highly recommended on Yelp, was also out of business.
FML.
I finally ended up at Yogi's Grill, also in Riverview Center.
Thank goodness they were open!
I have no idea when this placed closed or why, since their reviews were so good.

Love this little family owned place!
The falafel and hummus are great, waaaay better than Pita Jungle.

Their kids meal rocks :) It's basically a 1/2 gyro & a 1/2 order of fries.
The gyro was FANTASTIC!!
I actually wish I'd gotten the adult size, lol!
I also got a small hummus with pita bread.
It was enough for at least 2 to share,,,, but I ate it all by myself :D

I eat a fair amount of ethnic food, I am picky about falafel and this is my favorite.
Warm, moist, tasty, I'm getting hungry just remembering it.
I also like that is a family business and not a chain.

I absolutely love the gyros!
From Chicago and always missed the ease of getting good gyros back home.
The negative reviews are nothing more than babbling from negative people.
It's a small place, you have to order at the counter and wait for your number to be called, so how any idiot can complain about the service is confusing to me.
There is a small, clean kitchen with a flat top, 2 fryers, and 2 gyro machines.
I just had a gyro today and it was once again excellent!
A real bargain at $5.99 considering the large amount of meat on it.
I have been going to this little place for about a year or so and NEVER had a problem with the food or the employees!

The gyros here are great.
The food is consistently delicious here.
It is a family owned business and they take great care of preparing and slow cooking the meats on a spit.
Then when you order the meat is cut in front of you off the spit for preparation in making your gyro.
The french fries here are fresh and crispy.
Not soggy fries.
They give you a bottle of taziki sauce to use when your order comes out.
The taziki sauce is very good only laking a bit more salt which one can apply to their liking.
Great food and not expensive.

The best Greek food I've had in Arizona!
Awesome inexpensive place to eat!
You must try it.

Delicious gyro, but a little pricey...only one drink refill allowed?
Strange...but I would return if in the area!

Holy gyro meat!
This place gives you more meat than will fit into the pita!
And tzatiki sauce is amazing!
Fast service for a low price.

I found Omega Gyros to be just average.
The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't particularly remarkable, either.
Prices, similarly, were not particularly high nor low, but just average.
On the whole, they make serviceable food at average prices, and it is a fine option if you're in the area.
I still prefer Flaming Kabob which is about ten minutes down the street.
I had a falafel pita sandwich for dinner, along with a side of curly fries.
The best thing about the sandwich was its generous size: the thing was absolutely massive and really filled me up.
The ingredients were okay.
The veggies didn't taste remarkably fresh, but they were perfectly acceptable.
The centerpiece of the sandwich, the falafel, was not the best I've ever had.
The texture of the falafel wasn't particularly great: the whole thing was fairly mushy.
There was no contrast between the fried exterior and the usually much softer interior.
The flavor profile, likewise, was not my favorite either.
The falafel tasted quite a bit like pumpkin bread due to the spice combinations they'd used.
The flavor itself isn't bad, but it doesn't belong in a falafel.
The curly fries were fine.
They were just curly fries like you can get anywhere else.
Overall, just average.
I would go back if there weren't better options nearby.
I should note that my roommate went with me and got a lamb/beef gyro.
He was very impressed and said it was among the best gyros he'd ever had.
He was impressed with the size of the gyro for the price.

I've been coming here somewhat regularly since they opened.
It's a breath of fresh air in a strip mall full of nothing bust fast food and terrible chain restaurants.
As others have said, the prices aren't the absolute cheapest, but you're only talking a dollar or something.
I'm sure it would be about the same price as somewhere nearby like Rubio's.
The food is great; I particularly recommend the greek salad with gyro meat.
It's enough food for two people!

You like-a da juice?
You like-a da juice!
(...for those of you who are old enough to remember that bit...)

Food was amazing and the price isn't bad.
Served super hot.
Definitely will eat again when back on this side of town.

The food wasn't bad, but the service SUH-DIDDLY-UHHCKS!!!
It was like it was a MAJOR imposition for the worker to actually do his job.
I even caught him looking at the receipt to see how much I as a tip on the credit card receipt before he went back to start making my order.
The fallaffall sandwich is rather tasty, but the Baba Ganuj leaves MUCH to be desired.
I'd never tried it, so I went strictly off of what the picture looked like.
BIG mistake, as it looks NOTHING like the picture.
In fact, it looks more like what comes out of a baby's diaper after feeding them too much creamed spinach (same consistency too).
Who knows, maybe that's how it's supposed to look, but at least have the right picture for it on the menu...

After navigating the area for 20 minutes, we finally located Omega.
It was a Sunday afternoon, and the place was deserted.
There was no one even at the counter when we walked in, but a gentleman (and I use the term loosely) did appear shortly thereafter.
He took our order, but was not friendly at all.
I would have thought he would be happy to see a customer, but I guess not.
I ordered a chicken gyro with fries.
The gyro was okay, but I question whether it was even chicken.
Tasted just like the regular lamb/beef.
As the gentleman had again disappeared to the back, I couldn't ask.
I would have liked baklava, but there was no one to order from without calling out.
While the food was okay, I felt like an intruder rather than a patron.
The man working apparently couldn't be bothered to ask how our meal was or make sure we didn't want to order anything else.
I get that this is a fast casual restaurant, but a little courtesy would go a long way.

It's almost been a year since I first discovered Omega Gyros, and I must say I still find it amazing.
Its about a 20 minute drive (without 202 traffic) but I find it is always worth it.
I've tried a lot of gyros in Phoenix, and I mean A LOT.
After Omega Gyros I can say my search for the best gyro in Phoenix is over.
My gyro is always hot, fresh, and consistently tasty, not to mention they've got great tzatziki.
Their Greek fries are also delicious.
Now I must say some of their other appetizers aren't quite as flavorful, but really, when the gyro meat, tzatziki, and fries are THAT good, who wants anything else??
Seriously, take a look at the gyro pics on here, its not greasy or fried (what's with Phx places doing that??
gross) and tastes phenomenal.
If only I lived closer!

Reasonably priced gyro meals, great location next to the theater, friendly service.

Expensive.
Gave me bubble guts.
Gave the person I went to lunch with bubble guts.
I think not.

I thought this place was expensive and the service was bad.
We had to call to the back to get an employee twice when we needed something.
I went with my two young daughters and we tried the curly fries (good!
), the falafel (okay), did not care for the falafel sauce first given and went back to ask for garlic sauce.
It was much better.
Also we tried the stuffed grape leaves.
The girls loved them but I did not.
Total cost was almost $19 and we drank water!!!
That was the cost for three side dishes/appetizers at a counter service place.
The best part was actually being able to sit on the comfy couch afterwards outside while my kids played in the splash pad.

I've only been here one single time, I will update my review if I revisit.
If you've read any of my other reviews then you know how much I LOOOOOOOOOVE that other greek place (café mix love, love, love  LOVE ) So, I ordered a gyro sandwich and a baklava square.
The gyro was pretty dang good, I must say.
Succulent and tastey.
I will order that again.
But the baklava was lacking :( Tasted a bit soggy and too much like honey.
Oh well.
I will return to try more menu items!

For the price this place is great...
It is a hidden gem off the beaten path that you have too look for..
The owner is always working and is always friendly.

Great prices & fast service.
I ordered the Gyro.
Nice amount of tender, well-spiced meat on a soft pita.
The taziki sauce was on the side in a squeeze bottle.
Put as little or as much on as you like.
I like this approach.
Unfortunately, the first bite caused the pita to split in half!
I had to eat it in 2 open face pieces.
Still very good!
If this was local, I'd stop in once or twice a month.

Ate here while going to some movies at Cinemark 16 - it is the closest eating establishment in walking distance and I have to say, the food was fresh, and delicious!
I had the gyros plate and the well, pocketless pita bread, and I know tha is not the name of it, was also soft and fresh - and they gave plenty of shaved gyro meat.
You also get of a bottle of he Tzakziki sauce to put on the gyro of your choice.
I also had the Dolmades and I thought they were excellent, just a hint of mint, which maybe is part the rice and a nice chunk of feta cheese to nibble on between dolmas.
All in all a nice example of this sort of establishment.

This place was much better than expected!
I grew up in LA and have had a lot of gyros in my life.
This was on the top list.
The French fries and extremely fresh and seasoned to perfection.
My family of 4 ate here for only $21.00 you can't beat it.

Fast service and great food...

This is one of my favorite little spots in Mesa.
Their hummus and chicken is excellent, and the baklava is delicious.
Food tastes fresh each time I have eaten here, and the atmosphere is quiet, relaxing.

I came here because of the positive reviews here on Yelp, and Yelp, you let me down...
I forgive you though, because generally you're spot on and I love you!
That said, I only tried O.G.
once and it was only the chicken kebab sandwich, but it wasn't good or pretty or tasty.
The whole sandwich was pretty bland and the onions and tomatoes were huge chunks I could barely get my mouth around (they were bigger than the chicken pieces).
It was so wet that the pita turned slimy and soggy in the 1-2 minutes it took me to take it outside to unwrap and eat.
It also dripped everywhere.
:(  I couldn't eat more than about half of it (some of the chicken, a couple of tomatoes and the edges of the pita).
I wasn't that sad, but I was still hungry.
Don't worry, Chicago Gyros, you're still my #1 spot for Greek!

Not too impressed.
My wife and I were pretty much the only people in there at the time, and while ordering I asked if my wife got a drink with her meal, which was the chicken gyro and salad, and was told no.
I figured for a $10 meal there should of been a drink but I guess not.
I asked her if she wanted a drink and the employee taking my order rolled his eyes at me.
After getting the food I was disappointed at the portion sizes.
I'm not a big guy at all and was still pretty hungry after I was done.
The side order of olives was a joke and didn't even finish them.
The ice tea on the side of the drink dispensary wasnt even cold.
I will not be going back too this place for sure

