As it turns out, man cannot live on bacon and pork chops alone... (or so 'they' say)  Luckily for me, I actually like fruits and vegetables as well.
Unfortunately, with my busy schedule, I often find it hard to get to the store to have fresh veggies around when I get home from work.
This is where Nature's Garden Delivered (NGD) lends a hand in keeping me happy and healthy.
NDG is a delivery service that specializes in organic, natural, and locally produced... ummm... produce.
With Nature's Garden Delivered, once a week (or every other week if you prefer) a box of very fresh, seasonal fruits and/or vegetables is dropped off at your home in the wee hours of the morning.
You wake up, open your front door, and it's like the food fairy has paid you a visit.
They have 4 different sizes of boxes (tiny, small, medum, and large) depending on your needs and you can choose between all fruit, all veggies, or both.
I get a small fruits and veggies box, which is supposed to be enough for 2 - 3 people for a week.
I live alone, but having the vegetables on hand makes me more likely to eat them, and I figure that I can always share them with friends.
As the produce delivered by NGD is seasonally fresh, the contents of the boxes vary from week to week.
Today's box included apples, bananas, oranges, tangerines, tomatoes, lettuce, avacados, kiwis, dandelion greens, bok choy, yams, onions, and carrots; all of which were organic, and most of it locally produced.
In addition to the produce, NGD will also deliver some other natural and locally produced items (on request) with your order.
Coffee, tea, bread, honey, wild caught tuna, and grass fed beef are a few of the things that can be added to the box.
Today I got a loaf of whole wheat bread (baked in Scottsdale) and a jar of honey from New Mexico added to the box.
Both were great with my breakfast.
In comparison to the price of organic foods at the supermarket, I think the NGD boxes of produce are a pretty good value.
For me, having the good stuff delivered and in the 'fridge is a no brainer.

I just started up with NGD and I am thrilled!
The site is easy to navigate, the deadlines are clear and you can make exchanges on your box order if you don't like one thing and want more of another.
Plus the staff is very communicative and friendly and I feel so good supporting local and organic farming.
So far I have set myself up for every other week deliveries of the small box...which they say is for 2 people, or just 1 Erin.
I'm trying to ration my produce but I am a vegetable fiend.
I think the small box price $35 is really reasonable because you get loads of great basics like yams, onions, lettuce, apples, etc.
This week the bananas and the avocados were a bit rock like, and before I even got my box I had an email apologizing and saying they will work on getting better produce for everyone next time.
Unripened fruit isn't that distressing to me, it just means I'll have something left to eat in a few days.
Meat eaters can also find organic beef and...whatever you all eat on there too...I really didn't look as I was enthralled by a photo of lettuce.
Doesn't take much people, but NGD really did deliver.

On my second week receiving a small mixed box for Nature's Garden and LOVE it!
It is more than enough for my fiance and I.
It is the easiest way to get fresh, organic, and local produce, especially since it is delivered right to my door.
It helps learn what is in season and how to make great new recipes!

If you are looking for top-notch produce and organic goodies then NGD is the best.
Pricing can't be beat and it's delivered as well.
Always great quality, and a large selection.
Easy ordering process and awesome customer service.
One of the reasons I am sad not to live in Scottsdale anymore.

My first box of NGD arrived a few weeks and tears nearly came to my eyes as I removed the produce from the box.
I haven't seen such beautiful, fresh, well packaged produce since I was a kid (and I'm no spring chicken).
The carrots tasted like the sweet carrots I remember and the lettuce (with the dirt from the farm still fresh on the leaves) so full of flavor.
The amazing thing is that I had come to expect most organic vegetables and fruits to be less visually appealing than the chemical type but such is not the case with NGD.
The medium size box has been perfect for our little family of four.
It is delivered on our day like clockwork around 2am.
The unseen elf that drops off the goodies is nice enough to open the carton and place all the contents in our cooler so everything stays nice in this boiling cauldron we call Phoenix.
Furthermore, I live way out in Carefree/Cave Creek where we always expect to be on the list of places too far away for delivery.
Not with NGD.
It appears from the labeling they have optimized their routes so they can include many outlying areas.
Finally, there is a gentleman named Ben that works for NGD.
He has been very helpful in making sure everything is going smoothly and that we are using the service properly.
We think NGD is a great value for organic produce delivered to your door and HIGHLY recommend NGD!

Well, I have now received four deliveries from Nature's Garden Delivered.
Each week is, as others have said, like receiving a gift; kind of like those I used to get from my children when they were young: I pay for it!
There is something special about waking up and finding a box of produce outside the door.
As advertised, the produce is delivered before 7 a.m.
In all cases, through the August heat, the produce was still well chilled and the ice pack had some time remaining.
Packaging is great; all the produce is packaged in a thick plastic bag and dry items, like bread, are packed outside that bag~ Simple and effective.
My orders have been accurate.
Now, I don't have a scale at home to weigh the items sold by weight; but, I feel confidant they are accurate.
The quantity of the selections are pretty good.
(I get the small mixed box) I have been exploring purchasing additional items versus going to a larger box.
It appears that buying extra items will work better for me.
The quality of the food is top notch.
All items have been flavorful and near ready to eat upon receiving the package.
Some items need a tad of time to ripen, avocados for example.
I have only received one peach that was on the soft side.
As far as value, I am going to say this is a very good value.
I haven't taken a list to the store to comparison shop.
Some items I eyeballed in the store and pricing seems comparable.
What appears to be consistent is the quality of NGD surpasses the store bought organic items.
We eat a lot of bananas here and NGD's are tastier than what I bought in the grocery store.
This whole pre-determined "food box" thing concerned me at first.
But I quickly learned that the three exchanges and the purchase of additional items makes for a great mix of produce.
What is really fun is getting stuff I have never tried before, like kale.
The bread that is available is terrific.
No, they are not the long loaves like Silvercup or Tasty bread.
These are real loaves of bread.
Yeah, a bit on the short side, but very satisfying.
The whole wheat and seed bread are really good, wholesome and dense.
The cinnamon pecan bread is absolutely fabulous; when we had some in the house (for a few days) I found myself looking forward to some with my morning coffee.
YUM!
NGD staff are timely in any of my e-mails and offer the best of service.
Bottom Line: I highly recommend Nature's Garden Delivered.
If you like the idea of not having to shop around and pick out your produce and want to feel confidant that the items you are eating are organic and of the best available- you simply cannot go wrong.

So fresh and so clean, clean.
Amazing selection of local and organic produce.
Wake up on Friday morning and bring in your delivery box, full of fresh, carefully packed fruits and/or vegetables, and you will be loving this company.
By far the best quality produce I've found in the valley.
We also like the option of switching out up to 3 fruit/veg selections each week for something more suited to our needs.

I really enjoy the quality of their produce.
We get a small veggie box and the website allows for easy navigation and up to three substitutions.
The box is always outside before 7 as they promise and I take it in before I head to work.
It is wonderful to find this variety of organic food and have it delivered right to your door.
The more I try and shop for organic in the store the more I'm amazed at the high prices, low selection and poor quality.
I haven't even seen organic radishes in any PHX store yet, but thanks to NGD, I have a beautiful bunch last week!

Produce came fresh to our doorstep packed in ice.
We are happy new customers.
Would be even better if we could order anytime but weekly is good.
Very clean, fresh, and convenient.
I wish that they delivered water too.
LOL.
ExpressiveAutism.com/   Mesa, Arizona

First of all, great produce, delicious, fresh and a great selection.
Thinking about them makes me hungry!
Secondly, ease of ordering, starting service, and changing orders -- their web site is easy to use.
Thirdly, great attitude, superb customer service.
Highly recommended.

Love, love, love, love... the quality, the reliability (delivered on Thanksgiving), the flexibility, and the convenience!
Huge fan!

I have been subscribing now for a few months and have been completely delighted with the produce that has been delivered.
This morning along with my normal order was the homemade pecan cinnamon bread that I ordered.
This was also a great treat!
Highly recommend ordering your fruit and veggies from Nature's Garden!

Great company!
Going on my 3rd year with them!
Delivered right to my doorstep!
Fantastic!!!
Plan my meals around my box contents...makes life easier and healthier!!

just use bountiful baskets or go to Safeway....same prices (if not cheaper).
boxed greens has better prices.
if you can make it down to their warehouse on Fridays they sell everything you can fit in a box for $20!!!
Quality has gone so far down over the last year there, that I will NEVER use them or recommend them to anyone.
Boxes are reused and have foot prints on them.
GROSS!
Ask them if any of them have food handlers cards!!!!!!!!!

Weekly box of organic and mostly locally grown produce delivered right to your doorstep.
Choose from several different sizes of fruits and/or veggies.
This wonderfully healthy service starts at just $29 per week.
Just do it!

We have used this service for over a year now, and it is great!
The fruits & veggies are as good as I would select myself, and their customer service is wonderful.
It's easy to exchange the pre-selected weekly options for other things and their online portal is very user-friendly.
I used Boxed Greens in the past and I think the value is better with this company.

Very fresh and modifying an order online is really easy.
I'm a fan!

I've been using Nature's Garden Delivered for about two years, maybe more.
I love this service.
The cost is much less than the cost of buying organic vegetables at the grocery store, and I love knowing that I am supporting local growers.
The weekly delivery also helps me to plan meals ahead of time, and to cook and eat seasonally.
When I first started using the service, the produce was always very very fresh-cut.
Now I would guess it is cut 2-3 days before delivery.
Still fresher than the grocery store.
I use an ethylene inhibitor in my fridge, and most of the produce lasts at least a week, sometimes longer.
Before subscribing, I saw a publicity video in which all of the produce was individually wrapped.
I am glad to say that in practice, it isn't like that.
The produce is packed in an upcycled cardboard box.
Inside the box is a plastic bag, and inside the bag, the produce is nestled together.
Some packing paper in the bottom of the box helps prevent bruising.
Nature's Garden Delivered collects and re-uses all of the packing materials, and I hope that includes the plastic bags.
There have been a few times when I received produce that was in really bad shape.
An email to Nature's Garden Delivered has always cleared things up, usually with a small credit.
I'm very grateful to have Nature's Garden Delivered and I recommend this service wholeheartedly.

