This is the best Trader Joe's location I've ever been to.
Because of its location and most likely its newness, it's not really busy yet.
And it's huge!
The widest aisles I've ever seen in a Trader Joe's so you can actually push a cart around without encountering non-stop traffic jams like you usually would at a TJ's.
Great addition to Surprise!

Holy Mole!
I just got sucked into an unbelievable vortex of Senior Citizens..
Mental Note never go here on a weekend again possibly never.
Yikes , I am still shaken up.
Okay so I am driving back from purchasing my cow ..yes I said cow , actually a quarter cow...anyhoo.
Driving back down Grand Ave .
and what do you know a big beautiful Trader's right in the middle of nowhere.
I think aaaha ..now I don't have to stop at the Arrowhead one..Sweet.
But from the moment I got there there were these old people everywhere walking in the middle of the road, blocking the carts.
In the aisles completely standing there like a deer in the headlights.
Ug.
I know that they need things too , and I am so glad for their sweet old bodies to get some healthy stuff, but for the love of Pete move over .
Let a gal thru.
And does it really take five of you to stand in front of the shelf to find one jar of Pesto?
I am sure Trader Joes had many lovely yummy items but I couldn't find them .I literally gave up grabbed some  green onions , waffles  and some yogurt for hubby and boogied out of there.
Consider yourself warned.

Man I hate this store with all that I have.
Wide isles huh, yeah sure.
You can not get up and down an isle to save your soul.
I hate the other shoppers, they come in and act as if they are in a museum looking over things that have never seen the light of day.
Good God pick it up put it in your cart and move on.
The product; a bunch of stuff no one should ever eat.
It is just all too silly.
Checking out, oh what an ordeal.
It makes no difference if only one person is in front of you; it is going to take much too long with the chit chat between the cashier and customer.
The lack of coordination in getting the food out of the cart and in to the personal canvas bags is astounding.
wait for the fool to run back and pick something else up at the end of the transaction then you wait for them to get their card out to process a payment.
If I am ever again forced to venture in to one of these stores I am going to throw a hissy fit and wait in the car.
Man I hate this store.

Best I've ever seen?
Well, ok... maybe.
The aisles ARE large than other TJs...   Every kind of cheese imaginable?
NO WAY... unless the previous poster only grew up knowing about cheddar, goat cheese, and brie!
A mainstream Camembert thrown in once in a while... give me a break.
If you like Trader Joe's... then by all means visit.
They don't have nearly the same stuff they used to have... variety has definitely gone downhill!

I'm a big fan of smaller grocery chains that aren't looking to make huge profits and offer great quality food, so I enjoy shopping here.
The wine sales are awesome and they have quite a variety that is well organized.
I love buying orchids here and other cut flowers.
They are great quality, fresh, healthy, and they last longer then others I've bought from different stores.
I also love the heirloom tomatoes, TJ vegetable juice, goat milk, Jo jo's (like Oreos but without any trans fat and real vanilla bean cream), lady fingers for tiramisu, challah for french toast, and so much more.
There's always new products to try and the have tons of great frozen items as well.
The staff is always friendly and the store is clean.
It's a great place to shop!

LOVE Trader Joe's...any of them!
This one is pretty off the beaten path of "Surprise" AZ, but well worth the trek as its not that busy and the customer service is personal.
The manager stopped and talked to us for a while as he noticed the HPU (Hawaii Pacific University) shirt my hubby was wearing and come to find out we had some states in common.
Super nice guy.
But yeah, the products are great, cheap and as everyone knows the best thing about Trader Joe's?
Awesome 2 buck chuck.
=)   Pros: -Prices, Quality of products, selection -Seems the staff love working here OR they hire very intelligently.
Cons: There's no Trader Joe's in Hawaii....boooo!!!

Bigger selection than the one on Bell.
Staff isnt as friendly or helpful.

I love Trader Joes and all the employees are very helpful & friendly!

Trader Joe's is a very nice store.
If you're looking for organic, healthy, or just the out of the ordinary items?
Trader Joe's just might have it.
It does get busy here, and tend to have long lines.
I have to get into a phase when I start coming here again.
But it's always there for us!

I love going to this Trader Joes, I'm always welcomed by the staff, and feel comfortable asking for help if I can't find something.
Since it's one of the newest locations in Arizona, the store is clean and open, and there is always plenty of staff in store to help if you need it.
As other locations Trader Joes has a good selection of organic food items for really good prices.
I come to this location whenever I'm in the area.

I see old people!
Like everywhere.
But it is a close trader joes that is nice and clean.

Best place to buy wine in town.
Buy their brand Zinfandel, and you'll be pleased in your investment.
Some other stuff, is a little pricey, but they're all non-GMO.

Love this TJ, the staff is the nicest!

I moved to Surprise a few months ago and was so excited to see a trader joes literally  less than a minute from my condo.
This tj's is by far the biggest I have been to.
The aisles are wider and everyone is friendly.
Any complaints in regard to this location seem to be about having alot of senior citizens hovering everywhere which is a bit rude in my opinion, however if its that big of a dilemma, just go after 7, they are usually in bed by then!

My favorite place to shop for groceries!
It's organized, always stocked, prices are great, staff is always nice!

How can you say anthing bad about this place?
Top notch produce, dairy, coffee, beer, and of course Two Buck Chuck.
BOOM!

I love this store!
Their employees are friendly and knowledgeable .
I love shopping thrte as opposed to a typical Fry's, Safeways etc because it is stressfree and you can't help but smile with other patrons.
What I don't get is why a broader slice of our demographic doesn't shop here.
It isn't aimed at an upscale clientele..in my experience, they undercut the the big box stores.

I wish there were more of these places in Hawaii.
The reason this place is awesome is because everything here is organic, natural and MSG free.
Which is awesome for someone like me with an MSG allergy.
The prices are not bad at all considering the fact that you are buying all natural and organic food.
The employees are super nice and the grocery store is always stocked.
I would rather come here than Fryes or Safeway!!!!

Our first visit to TJ was this past weekend.
Over all, we were very happy with the products we found.
Definitely have some products we've never seen, and that is great, because we are on a path to try new things and get healthier.
We took our time, actually probably were pretty slow and checked each aisle out to see what we could find.
The aisles could stand to be a little bit wider, we found ourselves in a cluster of people in one of the aisles, it was madness but we pushed ahead and waited until the masses cleared out.
My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is because I'm sure the several employees who seen us walking around, probably could have at least came over and asked if we were finding everything or needed any help, but not one of them ever stopped to say anything which I found rather strange.
Our cashier was quick and very friendly, Parking is plentiful, no problems there.
And yes, it's in a location where there is predominantly older generation and yes they can be slower than everyone else, but keep in mind you'll be there someday too.
We had no problems, it's actually fun to listen to them and watch them, I learned about a few products by listening.
We will definitely be going back and making this our go to grocery store.

Great place.
Good Customer service.
;] prices great  love it

Love TJs!
This location is awesome and way less crowded than the Arrowhead store.
I would have given 5 stars if they cashier seemed at least a little happy to be there.

Always awesome.
The employees are incredible - and FUN.
Easy to take back stuff if something goes bad fast.
Always have had 100% excellent service and all of the products we've bought have been great.
Plus, I trust the Trader Joe's brand.
LOVE IT.

