I like cute nails.
They do in fact make your nails cute.
Not the classiest nail salon I've been to, but my techs (I've been here a few times each with a different tech) never cut my cuticles, never burn my nail beds with the buffer, and they are English speakers, which is sometimes hard to find in the strip mall nail salon.
They offer really good deals on mani+pedis, as well as good prices on full sets of acrylics and pink & whites.
Nice atmosphere, too.
You can't beat beat being three doors down from Retro Bakery!

This salon is in fact very classy.
Super clean and very well kept.
The owner, Eileen, is super friendly & helpful.
I've been coming to this shop for 5 years for a reason.
Every employee does a great job.
Services offered are manicures, gel/acrylic nails, pedicures, deluxe pedicures, waxing, specialty nails (Hello Kitty) etc.
I've had just about every service they offer :) Come to this shop!
The prices are great.
Not too expensive.
Ask for a design on your toes.
Flowers, hearts, etc.
Last but not least there is no TV blaring.
I can't stand when shops do that.

Great!
I came late in the evening and I didn't feel rushed at all.
I will be using this nail salon again.

Nice English speaking employees and $35 mani-pedis, can't beat that!
When I arrived they told me it was a 30 min wait but offered to let me soak my feet while waiting.
No other salon has ever cared enough to offer me anything like that, or even cared about me when they were extrememly busy.
I'll definitely be back!

I went here with my mom and sister kind of last minute, but the reviews were so good we decided to check them out.
I called a half hr ahead of time to schedule our pedicures and they got all three of us in at the same time with no wait.
They were friendly and talkative.
The salon was running a special of 25$-which was a great deal!
We were done quickly-only 35 min.
I would highly recommend this place for the price, location, speed of service, and friendliness.

James is so cool.
He remembers the girls and I when we come in and he knows my style.
I love how courteous everyone is when I come in.
Well kept and clean all the time.
The gel polish selection is pretty good here.
I like the variety.
The prices are very reasonable.

Happened to be in the area with some time to kill.
I dropped in and was serviced immediately.
The salon was very clean and there is a nice selection of polish.
The nail tech was very careful about the cuticles that were dry and cracked.
The tech did an incredible job and I would definitely recommend them to anyone.

I booked nail appointments for myself and my bridal party.
Our pedicures lasted about 10 minutes...
I'm not kidding.
They literally filed, lotioned, painted, and done!
They were super rude and when he used the wrong gel color on my nails, they told me it was because my skin was tan...
I picked a very light pink almost nude and the color that he put on was HOT NEON pink... what does my skin color have to do with that?
I'm not even tan!
Their prices are very reasonable, maybe they rushed because there was 7 of us, but it was a terrible experience and all of the girls had bubbles and weird spots on their gel nails...

I was in town for an extended time for work and decided to check this place out.
What a mistake!
I paid $25 for the worst pedicure I've ever had.
The technician used a file on my rough spots, but used it over an area right next to a callous (instead of on the callous) that caused my skin to be rubbed raw and was very painful.
He obviously was not paying attention.
The technician could not open the nail polish I chose, so he chose a different one and it was a very light color, so he put on 3 coats.
Well not only did the polish take forever to dry, of course it rubbed off over the next 24 hrs in various places.
On top of this, when I had a chance to look at my nails more closely, I realized they were not trimmed and filed properly, and I had a lot of rough edges that I then had to file myself.
If I were in town longer, I would have gone back and demanded a do-over!

The staff is very nice, but I went in asking for pink and white gel nails and described what I wanted.
The girl did a gel base with a gel polish white tip.
And when I asked her about the gel white tip she said they don't do that there.
Why couldn't she have told me that in the beginning.
They look okay, but definitely NOT what I wanted.
Buyers remorse - wish I had gone some place else.

They were really fast and the guy who did my nails was hilarous!
He spoke English, which is a huge relief!
Everyone here is really laid back and it's relaxing and definitely a fun environment.
They did an excellent job, and apparently I have beautiful nail beds :)

I went here with my manager.
She got the full set with Gel and all I needed was a fill and a design on 2 of my fingers.
Both of ours came out to $50.
I still don't know how this is possible.
And on one of my nails, when I took it out of the UV light thing, it came out with ripples in it.
I'm not happy with this place.

Cute little salon.
I only had to wait about 5 minutes until I was taken back to a pedi tub.
Everyone was really friendly and said hello.
I was offered a magazine as my tech came over and started working on my feet.
Everyone spoke English pretty well which is alway a treat.
I got a gel mani/pedi which I was very pleased with.
Looks great!
Didnt take to long either.
Will definitely be back

I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
The owner pho is the nicest funniest guy I've gone to for my nails.
There's no language barrier like some places and it's very laid back.
The prices are always good and the job is always well done.
I'd recommend it to anyone!

I was looking for a nail salon by my house and stumbled on this place.
The staff was very nice!
I got a pedicure which was great, and I'm pretty picky.
The manicure was really good and I felt like he took the time to give an actual manicure - which a lot of places don't do when you're getting gel polish.
I printed a coupon from their website which gave my $5 off and I was able to use it with no problem.
I didn't notice until after I left that I had a bump on one of my finger nails, not really the end of the world.
The polish lasted about 5-6 days before it started lifting.
I probably wouldn't go back for a manicure, but I would definitely go back for a pedicure.

Perfect, perfect, perfect!
PHO is amazing!
He does such great work on my gel manicures!
They last for weeks!
It's nice to go to a nail shop and have a conversation with the person who is providing the service and not have them ignore you while speaking another language to other employees!
They have a great selection of gel colors!

Love this place!
Pho is always accommodating with my appointments.
I am Very picky with my nails and they always come out great.
Pay with cash several times and after the right time you get money off your services!
Great inventive to use cash.
Nice, clean shop.

Best nail salon in northwest Las Vegas !
Amazing service , always willing to do what I ask even though I am picky !
I won't go any where else !

This little place was a bit nicer than the average salon.
The decor was a more updated than the cheap salons and most of the staff spoke pretty clear English, especially one gentleman there.
I paid $40 before tip for a full set of white tips with clear acrylic fill, including removal of my old acrylics.
The woman did a great job and took time to file each nail just right.
I would give them another star if it didn't have to wait a half hour and if the prices were a tad cheaper.
Also, don't forget to bring cash because you get a discount with a punch card!

I've been to many nail shops in this town and I always find myself comparing their work to Cute Nails.
Wonderful shop!

This is my usual spot.
I always get fills and a pedi, I tip whoever does them good but this time the job done painting my nails was a disgrace.
It was done by a new tech.
The cuticle part is extremely messy I tried to fix it on my own because I didn't want to spend more time with that tech, but I can't.
I will be calling today to have them fixed.
If I wanted my nails to look like this I would have had my boyfriend do them for me.

This place is my go to place !
The owner is super sweet and they all know what there doing really well!
They always do a great job and I'll always come back!

Went back and got them fixed no cost.
Which is expected.
But the next day the crystals fell off AGAIN.
Will not be coming back.
Go to INSTYLE NAILS off of lake mead the job is always done right and the crystals will last a very long time.

Request Carol if you're picky.
Her skills are impeccable.
I've been coming here for over 2yrs now and I've never had any issues.
Something I really appreciate is the attention to detail she gives.
I'm a runner so that means I Need my nails short and needless to say I get minor ingrown but since meeting Carol she's been able to get my nails back to healthy and pain free.
I don't doubt any of the other manicurist but I really love Carols hands on my feet.
They have really reasonable prices and are very patient with  their clients.
Make this your go to Nail Salon if you love in the location.
-Vee

Really really the best pedi ever!
Pho was so attentive and didn't rush me at all!
Every time I come to Vegas I am coming here!

Loved it!
Went on a recommendation from a friend.
I'm picky but always polite, and my nails came out fantastic!
Everyone was very friendly and funny!
They spoke English pretty well and were able to joke around and really made me feel comfortable.
This place is pretty busy but no one was left waiting.
The techs are quick and efficient.
I think I've found my new place!

Great place!
I've been here a few times.
Never had to wait.
Always a friendly staff.
The music is pretty awesome.
They have mini ipads.
Thankfully they never have that strong acrylic smell and the place is clean.
Always a good time.

Not sure what all the fuss is about here.
Just moved to town and I'll keep looking around for my new go-to walk-in Asian nail place.
The pedicure was fine.
Nothing spectacular, kinda sloppy really.
I had lotion visible all over my legs afterwards and the tech was curt and not at all friendly - even after a $5 tip.
Not even a "thank you".

This is the place to go!
I'm very picky and a clean freak, so I was skeptical going at first.
The salon was very clean and nicely decorated.
The staff was friendly and actually talked to you instead of each other.
The massage chairs for pedicures totally rock!
My back was really sore when I went in and when I left it wasn't nearly as bad.
The iPads on the chairs were a nice addition.
The prices were reasonable too.
I will be back for sure!

This is the only nail salon that I will go to.
All of the nail techs are awesome.
They are also very clean which is extremely important.
There pedicures are amazing!!!
They will massage your calves and wrap them in hot towels.
On my way now!

I've been coming here for about 3 years now and I've never had any issues.
Every experience has been wonderful and everyone there has been so patient and friendly!
They're great at making you feel comfortable and at home.
Pho is definitely my go to guy for a great manicure!
But don't get me wrong, every cosmetologist at Cute Nails are nothing short of amazing!

Came in for a mani/pedi due to good deal and high Yelp rating.
I was taken quickly for pedicure but technician was not friendly, cut my toes, and he seemed annoyed that I was just getting a standard pedicure and not anything more expensive.
My manicure felt rushed and it's been less than 24 hours and my nails are already chipping.
I won't be returning.

