This is located in the Golden Nugget Casino.
The actually have two locations here:  South Tower 6 am - midnight Fremont Experience side: 24hrs.
The only thing I like is the 24hrs at the Fremont location.
What I hate (and I rarely use this word): THEY DON'T ACCEPT GIFT CARDS!!!!!!
WTF??????
I guess it's franchised and not only does the casino take your money at the games, but they take your money here as well.
My only other option to use my numerous GCs (I got quite a few this year from students), is to walk to the 4th street location...wherever the hell that is.
I would have given them only 1 star, but the coffee is consistent.

Open 24 hours and almost right next door to the Golden Gate hotel where I was staying, I was at this location like 3 times a day and night  service was really good and consistent, plus they have yummy treats that Starbucks doesn't have as its a licence concept store (meaning its part of the casino not Starbucks owned) this also means that don't take the gold card but you can walk just a couple blocks over Monday- Friday there is a full Starbucks by the court house in the same building as Bank of America (300 S 4th St Las Vegas, NV 89101) cross street is Bridger just 2 blocks south of the Golden Gate Hotel

If you were looking for 24 Starbucks you found it....  Just be prepared for casino pricing.
$2 does not a drip coffee buy

This is the only Starbucks I found in the area here @ the Golden Nugget.
It is not normal Starbucks prices.
The previous day we bought the same cups of coffee @ the Starbucks in the newly renovated Tropicana - and it was half the price it was here.
Same goes for the Starbucks inside the Hard Rock Hotel.
There was no cinnamon by the sugar/cream station.
So my loving man waited in line again to ask for it and the girl was so rude, and said well if it isnt there, it isnt there and we probably dont have any.
A coffee shop w/ no cinamon?
i refuse to believe this... but lets' just say for a minute that indeed there is no cinnamon in its entire place, she should KNOW there isnt any, not guess.
There;s no need to be rude when you refuse to look for a condiment by your customers that are already paying double the prices for your coffee.
The only reason I didnt get coffee from the shop inside the CAlifornia - was b/c of the cinnamon and chocolate i sprinkle inside my coffee.
and they didnt have any.
"probably" according to the very helpful staff.

A 24-hour Starbucks?!
That is unheard of in Hawaii.
I guess Las Vegas really is the city that never sleeps!
I needed a pick-me-upper after running on less than normal amount of sleep in Vegas and stopped by this Starbucks.
The people are nice and I was able to go in, get what I needed and be on my merry way in just a few minutes.

More of a Starbucks walk-through.
Close to the pool, so you can hop on over for your favorite drink.
They only have 3 tables that are usually being used by people waiting for their taxi to pick them up from the hotel.
I'm going to assume that having 1 row of slot machines is more important than having a waiting/seating area for guests.
The 500+ other slot machines they have in the casino area is not enough.
If you just need your coffee fix, great place.
If you need a quiet place to get work done, not the spot.
WHAT SUCKS: They do not take Starbucks cards, and they allow smoking in the area.
I will never get any food products from a location that allows smoking in the same area.
I'm going to start not giving my business to ANY location that lets people smoke inside.
When is Las Vegas going to hop on baord with NYC and other cities that outlaw smoking in certain establishments/areas.
Vegas is supposed to be forward thinking, keeping up with everything new.
Nope, they are still stuck in the 40's allowing smoking in casinos/bars/etc.
Sorry smokers, some of you are selfish inconsiderate douche bags that do not care about the health of others.
Start showing some consideratiuon, and bring that cancer outside.
I wonder if smokers would mind me taking up the habit of cyanide spraying around them or their children.

This was a great Starbucks.
The barista's were talkative, in a jovial way, and had great suggestions for local eateries.

There are two Starbucks located inside the Golden Nugget.
Nothing new or spectacular and they do accept SB cards not sure about the smart phone app if they have the scanner or not.
Over all good to have my ice tea lemonade (peach or green tea) while playing slots lol

