We enjoy both the food and the serivce.
Fairly large bar area.
No Smoking is nice too.

I was really impressed with the menu and vibe of this restaurant when I decided to get off the freeway and feed my grumbling stomach that had been driving all day.
The only way I found this place was from a tip from one of the guys who works at the gas station.
He was really excited about it so I decided to go for it.
The menu is huge!
Definitely something for everyone.
Service was friendly yet efficient.
Quick to take my order, but slow to clear the plates, which was kinda annoying.
Food was solid yet a little bland.
Overall a good experience and I'd recommend the place.

The construction in Cottage Grove made this place very hard to find, but when I finally did, I was impressed.
Lovely exterior and interior of building, very friendly staff and amazing wood fired pizza oven.
The pizza was absolutely delicious and, by sitting at the bar, I was able to watch the pizza cook in the really cool wood fired oven.
This place is off the regular Madison beaten path, but well worth the drive.

I wish I could give it more stars but my experience was par at best.
After seating ourselves, we ended up waiting more about 15 minutes before the waitress came around.
We saw her walking around to other tables and checking on them.... No luck for us.
Then after taking our order she forgot our appetizer.
I understand if your understaffed for a Friday night, but write things down if its too hard to remember.
Overall the food is great, the atmosphere is relaxing and the beers are cold!
The prices are fairly reasonable too, $30 for dinner for two people and drinks!
The deep fried pickles are also pretty unique, a 1/4 of a pickle spear deep fried!!!
Yum!!

Quick review: huge interior - nicely decorated - with a nice bar area.
Horrible service (non-responsive, slow, unhelpful) and big portions of mediocre food served at inflated prices makes for a 2-star establishment at best.
Look elsewhere.
Detailed review: My friends were celebrating a wedding anniversary and invited several friends and family members to join them at the 1855 Saloon.
We had reservations for 7:00pm on a Tuesday night and were promptly seated in the large dining room on the back side of the restaurant.
The place is huge - gigantic, actually - with a large bar area that features plenty of high top tables and oodles of bar stools.
A few big screen TVs were playing the Badger basketball game; I counted approximately 12 beers on tap, most of which were micro/local.
There were also several smaller enclaves of dining areas that were a bit more cozy and quiet than the bar area - a nice touch.
Our group of 9 people were presented with one waitress, a young girl who didn't seem to have any idea about anything on the menu.
When asked about the evening's special, she didn't know anything about it and responded with, "Um, I don't know what the special is.
Did you want me to go and look for you?
"  Yes please - that's probably why we asked you about it.
When asked about the soup offerings, she said, "I'm not sure what we have for soup if anything - did you still want me to check on it?
"  No thanks.
And while the menu is huge and has tons of offerings, there didn't appear to be anything that struck me as a "must try," so I went with a simple grilled chicken salad (for $11.95).
I also ordered a soda, which was only refilled once during our entire 2 hour visit...
I had to ask for the refill several times - she kept forgetting to bring us refills...
The bar was also slow to fill drink requests - beers took forever to arrive, as did mixed drinks.
Keep in mind it was a Tuesday night and there were maybe 25 people in the place aside from our group.
The menu makes reference to their "famous 1855 bread with herbed butter" - it is apparently supposed to come with everything... but we never saw it.
When we inquired about the bread the waitress said, "The kitchen is actually closing - we're closing in like 15 minutes, so it's probably packed up and put away, but I can see if I can get you some, did you want me to go see if I can get you some?
"  Why the heck did she ask us if we "wanted her to" do her job?
Every request was met with some type of excuse or need for verification.
Talk about frustrating.
Our guests of honor ordered something called "The Grover" which was supposed to be a 9-ounce steak served with shrimp, crab, proscutto, and an alfredo sauce.
What came was a "blended" heap of creamy stuff poured over a steak and cost $28.95.
Wow.
My chicken salad featured a small piece of over-grilled chicken (tasted like charcoal) and not much else.
The cheese curds that we ordered as an appetizer were of the Sysco variety and were extremely greasy.
The "special" looked interesting but I'm told it had an unusually smokey/bitter flavor as well.
One of the folks had a prime rib sandwich that seemed to have a little too much fat/gristle.
Sigh.
When it came time for the checks, the waitress asked if she could add-in the gratuity of if we'd like to leave one independently.
We inquired about desserts and got a hasty list of desserts; a 6-layer chocolate cake was ordered, along with a few other items.
The cakes were huge but appeared to be outsourced - definitely not made onsite.
All things considered, this place has potential, but the service was so incredibly poor, the prices so high, and the food so mediocre that I'd be hard-pressed to find a reason to return.
1855 Saloon = FAIL  Service = 0 stars  Value = 1 star ($29 for a mediocre steak; $29 for seared tuna; $12 chicken salad) Food = 2.5 stars (had potential, but didn't do much for me) MISC = 3.5 stars (great environment, poorly executed)

My date and I ended up at 1855 on a Saturday night.
It was pretty busy, and we had no reservations, so we chilled at the bar for a bit.
The bartender was prompt and got us refills quickly.
That was about the highlight, for me.
Once seated, our waitress rushed us to order.
Luckily, I had checked the menu out before and had my heart set on their Strawberry Fields salad, with fresh bread and herb butter.
Well, the latter never made it to the table, and the former had about one thinly sliced strawberry on it (no lie), and the lettuce was definitely the usual bag mix, complete with random cabbage bits thrown in.
The sliced chicken breast on top was small but at least that was tasty.
For a salad that costs almost $12, I was hoping for much more.
My date's avocado chicken sandwich looked good and he said it tasted good.
I stole a few of his sweet potato fries to get some much needed carbs.
The service at the table was below average.
The dining room was messy and chaotic.
The decor is interesting and there is a huge fireplace in the front.
I suspect if you go there for drinks, it's a good place to go.
However, I heard a rumor that the place shuts down the bar at ten and everyone goes across the street.

We stopped here for a late lunch and beers before a wedding.
Definitely exceeds the good things I've heard.
Next time I'm in the area, I'll stop again for a pizza!
Andy, our server was great and helpful with making selections.
We both did a Madison brew (and wound up swapping) and split a (loaded) veggie pizza.

Been coming here since they opened.
Service is good and food is too.
Suitable for my wife and me or our whole family.

It's a decent place that has tons of options on their menu.
A couple of sandwiches with curds.
How could you go wrong with that?

I really liked this place...the first time around.
I ended up going for my wedding dinner.
The main courses were excellent as was the dessert.
They allowed us to bring in our own special wine for a corking charge....My wedding was on a Monday.
Did they give us a dessert for our almost $350 bill?
No, but it was all good.
We decided to try it again because we all liked our dinners so much.
When my friends and I went back on a Saturday...COMPLETELY DIFFERENT ANIMAL.
One friend's Pizza was burnt, another friend?
the Chicken Parmesan's pasta was soggy, yet another?
She ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and then couldn't finish it because it tasted old and fishy.
The rest of us that came for my wedding dinner were wondering if we were in the same place.The service was not good at all.
My advice, try it during the week if at all.
They lost all of us that evening.
It is a very lovely, pretty place in an amazing building...I just wish we would have perhaps just stuck with the weeknight crowd.

Our server tonight was much better than previous experiences however the chef must have had the night off.
Our medium steak was served rare and our med-rare steak was served medium.
My shrimp was served severely overlooked and inedible.
The server corrected the undercooked steak but failed to address my uneaten shrimp that she took away with my plate.
Overall another disappointing experience in Cottage Grove.

I love the Grover steak it was most awesome!

I've been back to the 1855 a few times now; most recently for another celebration of my friend's wedding anniversary.
We had a group of 10 and were immediately seated at a large table in one of the dining areas.
We browsed the beer menu - I was pleased to see the addition of a bunch of local brews.
And not just from New Glarus or Capital - they had taps from Vintage, Great Dane, and Furthermore.
Our server arrived and we could immediately tell he was going to be a vast improvement over the last anniversary celebration.
He was energetic, knowledgeable, and friendly.
He introduced himself, took our drink orders, and told us about some of the specials.
Within a few minutes, our beverages arrived - much faster than the last celebration.
We ordered appetizers and continued to browse the menu.
The appetizers arrived; fried pickles were made in-house and were delicious.
The brie and bruschetta was decent; not sure if the brie needed to be fried but it was ok.
The spinach dip featured great cheese bread, but the dip itself had an odd, metallic flavor.
It wasn't terrible, but it was unusual.
We ordered entrees - primarily went with steaks; a few ordered the salmon special; one ordered a shrimp dish.
Our server refilled our drink orders, and then ran to the kitchen, order in tow.
When our entrees arrived, I was pleased with initial appearances.
My fillet looked tender; the potatoes looked delicious.
I watched as others sampled their food, and asked for input.
The salmon was "great - flaky, a perfect sear, with delicate sauce.
"  The shrimp was "typical deep fried, but meaty and fresh tasting.
"    The 6 steaks that were ordered around the table all looked great.
But every one of them was undercooked.
I ordered mine medium rare, and it was barely rare.
Others ordered their steaks medium; none were more done than rare.
Luckily, we all enjoy a good rare steak, so it wasn't a big deal, although one person did ask to have their steak refired.
The request was honored and it was returned a perfect medium.
The sides for our steaks were average; my potatoes were cold - not even warm, which leads me to believe they're pre-made and reheated per order.
They didn't taste too bad, but the cold temperature was a little unsettling.
A few ordered desserts, which all looked great.
I sampled a small bite from the cheesecake and was impressed - it was delicious.
Our check arrived; it was nearly $400 for the group of 10 - about $40/person.
Still very pricey for the overall quality of the food.
Service remained stellar throughout the entire meal.
So... it looks like 1855 has improved its service.
The food is still a bit under-impressive, and the prices are still higher than they should be.
But, it's improving...
I mentioned previous visits since 2010 - those experiences were similar, although I didn't order steak on those visits.
I had a burger (decent - not spectacular), a chicken sandwich (average), and a pizza (better than the chicken or burger), so my experience from 12/27/12 is in-line with the others: good service, average food, high prices.

I hate to hammer them with only one star but they struck out in several areas.
This is my second visit to 1855 last visit was last summer and this place has tanked!!.
My 80 year old mother and I went there or lunch today.
Arrived around 1:30 service was prompt..  so prompt that you got the idea our server just wanted to get out of there and we must have been her last table.
We ordered the prime rib sandwich Which could really be a great sandwich but they take the prime rib already cooked and sliced and stick it on at he grill and smother it with Swiss cheese and haystack onion rings.
A minute or two after i ordered I asked the waitress if there was any way to get  my beef a little on the rare side to which she said it was all pretty well done.
I suppose at this point I should have asked for something else but i figured the order was already in process... they did not offer me a chance to change my order.
To say the meat was well done was an understatement as it was grilled brown and tough as a result of it.
Prime rib just isn't supposed to be abused that way.
For a side I asked for haystack onion rings which could be amazing if they didn't douse them in so much salt that all you could taste was the salt.
The icing on the cake was the fight or people yelling in the kitchen " I don't want to get my balls busted for that"  Not what my 80 year old mother needed to hear while waiting for her dinner.
To confirm that the waitress just wanted to get out of there our check shows up without even an offer of dessert.
We had the server bring over the desserts and they all looked decent but we figured enough was enough and paid and left.

Great place for steak.. Good customer service every time!

Loved the decor and ambiance-my daughter and I sat on the patio and it was quiet with a nice view.
My daughter ordered from the kids menu.
The pizza was ok; the "fruit cup" was a dish of canned fruit cocktail.
Not very impressed.
I ordered a stuffed flounder.
I thought the crab stuffing lacked its own flavor.
The dish was covered with a good tasting cream sauce, but there was way too much sauce.
I should have ordered it on the side.
My salad was quite small.
There was a nice list of wines available by the glass, and the cheesecake was delicious and a good-sized portion for sharing.
If I go back I will try a steak after reading other reviews.

MEH!
I've been here 3 to 4 times and left disappointed all but once.
The food is underwhelming.
The menu is crowded and overpriced for the area and DEFINITELY for the quality of food.
The weight staff eats in front of the diners, which is a big NO-NO.
They are also very slow, I've received cold food on 3 separate occasions here.
Last time, I literally watched my food sit, waiting for the server to finish HER OWN mean, for over 5 minutes.
When I said it was cold, she huffed at me and said "well do you want a new one"  This place has so much potential.
But I will not be returning.

Favorite place to go with the whole family, out of town guests and even just the hubby and me!

We tried this place for the first time on New Year's Eve.
A couple of the friends we were with had been there previously and recommended it.
We had a reservation and it was crowded when we got there, so we were expecting to have to go wait in the bar while they got our table ready.
Much to our surprise, they were ready for us and seated us right away.
Service was a bit slow, but as I said it was New Year's Eve and the place was packed, so I'll give them a pass on that.
They gave us complimentary chocolate strawberries and champagne to ring in the new year which was nice touch.
There were lots of selections on the beer and wine menu, but the food menu was limited for New Years.
It was pretty much all steaks with a few seafood and chicken options.
That was fine for most of us, but there were a few people that weren't as hungry and would have liked some smaller options like a sandwiches or entree salads.
Most of us ended up getting the Filet Oscar and were very satisfied.
Both the filet and the crabcake served with it were delicious.
A couple people got the $44 12-oz bone-in filet that was their big special for the evening.
Both of the people that got that were pretty disappointed they went with that when they saw how satisfied we were with our meal that was about half the price.
They said their steaks were OK, but weren't anything special.
One of my friends said his steak was cooked unevenly and showed me a chunk of it that just looked like raw meat even though requested it done medium.
We'll definitely have to go back and try out their regular menu at some point.

We live in CG and used to come here often.
Their food and service are very inconsistent.
I have had excellent meals and not so excellent meals.
Same with the service.
I have had their steak with the stuffed shrimp on top and it was sensational!
Their wood fire pizza is also delicious!
Burgers are good too.
Their fried pickles are delish but the breeding falls off.
We ordered their app sampler once and that was not good at all.
It was cold and tasted very processed, definitely frozen.
Service is also hit or miss.
Our table service has always been good.
Bar service is a little different.
They have one male bartender that is extremely arrogant and seems to be "above it all".
He acts as if he could care less, injects himself into conversations and can be condescending.
He does however make great drinks...
When he's not chatting up the waitstaff or the attractive single women.
That being said, I have never had terrible service or a bad meal here.
I will be back.
Depending on the night you could have three stars or five stars.

We ordered to go.
I enjoyed my meal (bruschetta chicken salad) but my co workers did not so much....I will come back and try again sometime.

I have always loved this place.
They have amazing signature cocktails to choose from.
I prefer going for lunch because the menu is different than their dinner menu and better priced.
I tend to get the same thing each time I've gone for lunch.
I was there this last weekend and ordered it again but was a little disappointed because they changed the type of meat they used.
Also this last time I was not too fond of the waitress but that doesn't mean I would go back.
They still have good food.
I typically get the Border Burrito (cheddar jack cheese, rice, ranchero sauce and seasoned ground sirloin and roasted chicken topped with ranchero sauce and cheese).
The disappointing part was that the sirloin is now ground.

We met family to celebrate graduate school graduation.
Party of 10 accommodated nicely.
Food was Great!
Started with hot multi-grain roils.
I had the sirloin steak with a salad and veggies.
Delicious!
Prime rib looked yummy.
Scallop dinner was good.
The prices range from 18-28.
It was the best meal all weekend .

Just left after waiting 15 minutes for a server that never came.
We were seated outside.
Saw a hostess after 15 min and said our server never came.
Said she would check on it.
One minute later the table that had been sat 15 min after us had their order taken.
We waited a few more minutes and decided to leave.
We went to the hostess stand and asked for a manager just so they knew what would happen.
When the manager came we told her what happened.
She said sorry and it must have been a shift change issue.
She didn't try to get us to stay and didn't seem to care at all.
Very disappointing.
The food that we saw coming out looked good but we'll never know.
We had been wanting to try this place for awhile after stopping in for a drink awhile ago when there was live music.
Sadly I will never come back and I will make sure to tell people not to try it either.

We ordered to go.
I enjoyed my meal (bruschetta chicken salad) but my co workers did not so much....I will come back and try again sometime.

