Los Mesquites just recently opened where I think the old Leland's restaurant was located several years ago.
It's nice to see a mexican restaurant open to compete with El Encanto.
The food was a solid four stars.
They make their own chips and salsa.
The salsa is mild with the flavors of fresh fire roasted tomato and mexican oregano as primary ingredients.
Best of all I didn't detect any cilantro (sorry fans but I am one of "those" cilantro haters).
The lunch specials are reasonable at $5.95 - $8.95 for versions of their dinner offerings.
My wife had the taco salad with grilled chicken.
She enjoyed it very much.
The shell was freshly made and the salad was very generous for a lunch portion...lots of chicken.
One nice thing is they put enough lettuce in the salad.
Seems many taco salads are light on the greens.
I had a Chile Relleno.
It was fairly spicy, nicely battered, and lightly fried.
I appreciate the plate not dripping with grease like many Chile Relleno dinners do.
The best part was the homemade corn tortilla the Carne Asada taco came in.
This was a wonderfully thick creation with a great masa flavor.
I will definitely order something that comes wrapped in these next time!
Finally, the service was a four star attempt with three star results.
I chalk it up to being new, but there was a little difficulty getting orders straight between the tables, and some tables waiting 30 minutes for food while others waited 10.
But the servers and owner (?
) were very nice and explained what happened to the customers.
Our service was great and I'm sure closer to what you can expect.

Gave this 5 stars, but it's NOT fancy or upscale at all, just so you know that.
What it is: Excellent food (see the other reviews), service (very pleasant & attentive, desire to please), & an excellent Value!
I had chicken taco's and my gal's beef (marinated) taco's were even better.
(Soft tortilla's were hand made (they said) as ist all the food.
Rice and beans were good (which for me means not fancied up or spicy).
The Salsa was amazing!!!
I always said you could make millions if you could get the roasted tomatoes and chili flavors w/o the burn/pain (I'm sure you can ask for the hot stuff if desired).
Well they did it.
Margaritas were excellent (unfrozen w/ salt) Owners were most gracious named ,"Beth and Bill" (not the radio personalities).
Very relaxed atmosphere (jeans are great as goes for all of cave creek) w/ a few small TVs around over on the bar side at least (no sound heard, which I preferred).
Mariachis (probably just because it was Valentines) were a nice touch for the occasion, ... bit louder then I prefer, but they were very good and had the tact to not come over to our table since we didn't make eye contact.
Nice voices and instrumentation to be sure.
Handi-capped friendly from what I remember.
Private parking on the side was pleanty for a fairly busy Sat.
night (w/ more out back).
Light gravel made for no dust, and wasn't too thick so I'd guess wheel chairs wouldn't be a problem.
Not sure about reservations as we stopped on a whim, but with immediate seating on Valentines, I'd estimate no problems getting in,..least till the mobs at El Encanto find out about this place.
:-)   Am looking forward to one of their breakfasts.!
(would have probably gone with 4.5 stars if able.

Ok, I agree the tortillas are awesome.
The interior is kind of ho hum, and larger than it appears from outside.
There is a side patio that looks incomplete but has potential if the owners decide to do something with it.
I asked if I could bring my dog, and the waitress said she didn't think it would be a problem.
But I was not there for the ambiance, i was there for the food.
I started with a cheese crisp and it was loaded with cheese.
I added the green chiles and they were fine but tasted like ortega out of the can.
The tortilla was tasty.
I also tried the chips and salsa, and the chips tasted like they were made there, a bit overcooked.
The salsa was not spicy enough at all so the waitress brought us habanero  sauce to add, which helped.
I had the pollo fundido and the chicken was nicely spiced and tender, the sauce was good but lacked the spiciness i prefer.
The beans were again tasty but a bit salty, and the rice was a bit dry.
I also had a carne asada taco and the tortilla was great and the meat was good, but a bit dry.
My take on this place is that they might be looking for the tourist crowd and have taken some kick out of their food.
I am not a heat freak but a bit of spiciness is to be expected with mexican food.
The portions were generous and well priced, and the tortillas were awesome.
I hope the succeed because I hate El Encanto where service sucks and food is overpriced and touristy.
I would probably say 3.5 stars if possible.
I will try it again soon.

My wife and I have been back a few times, for both lunch and dinner, and the food quality has fallen off a bit.
The tortilla shells did not seem to be fresh this time with the tacos.
I guess the light red aztec design around the outside edge that transferred from the bag to the tortilla was a major hint!
Also, the rice was dry.
My wife's taco salad wasn't at all what it was in the past.
Very little lettuce and at least an inch of re-fried beans in the bottom.
She said she regretted ordering it this time.
We have had the same waitress several times since the opening and you still have to give her numbers, not names, when you order.
She is nice enough, but after all these months she should know the short menu and what is in the dishes.
I want to like this place more so I can finally have nearby good Mexican food...but it needs a lot of work to rise above average.
BTW, I agree with Mark.
The outdoors area can be awesome if they would just put a little work into it.

So good I orderd more for the hotel.
Recently on a trip I was driving esploring looking at homes and found this place.
It was out of the way and at the right place at the right time.
Or maybe I was at the right place at the right time.
I was at that point were my hinger was starting my it presence well known.
I didn't want that fast food fix and out of nowhere.....  Not on the eligent list.
Dirt parking lot and it almost looked like they were remolding.
Maybe not.
I saw something I haven't seem anywhere.
Something from my past.
Something of memorius gone with Grandma.
She past and gave my the best gift of all.
The love of food.
I am third generation Professional Chef and she was the First.
ALBONDIGAS!!!!!!
Ok.
So Good I ordered an extra and took it to my hotel for the next day.
I NEVER, EVER did that before.
You HAVE TO TRY THE ALBONDIGAS!
You HAVE TO TRY THE ALBONDIGAS!
I didn't ry anything else.
I didn't need to.
Remember the review seen of "Ratatuollie"?
That was me.
going back in my mind.
The one thing every Chef looks to acheive.
Thank you for a heart warming reminder of where i come from.

This is a great Mexican restaurant in Cave Creek, alot better than the bigger one in the middle of town.
They have great food and a great staff.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner are all great.
The outside patio is really nice.
Just had my husbands birthday there with about 60 guests and it was perfect, great food and service!
Bill, the owner is very accomodating and is a pleasure to work with along with his staff.
My fav is the chili rellenos and my husbands is the green pork chili.

I love this place.. Its straight up Cave Creek from where I live.. Its got a great outdoor area to sit at.. Yummy chips... awesome salsa.. great margs.. perfect..
THE only thing I dont like is the refried beans.. they have a plain taste.. but Im not a bean girl anyway..

The first time my boyfriend and I went here was to meet a few of his friends for karaoke and some drinks after he and I already had dinner so we didn't get a chance to try the food, but we did smell what was served around us to other patrons and it was indeed appetizing.
A few weeks later we decided to go again and we were very pleased.
He ordered a chicken quesadilla and I tried the pollo fundido that everyone drools over.
I used to get this from El Encanto but their food was always so bleh for the high prices, just like Harold's it's another place people come to from out of town to sit and bask in the "ambiance", I guess they don't mind having average food with better than average prices.
All the more room for us to dine at these lesser known treasures!
Last night we were wanting a meal out, but didn't feel like driving far so he suggested we come back here for dinner.
I don't know how they did it but the food was some of the best I've had in Cave Creek for a long time.
I ordered the Mole and their house margarita.
The glass was huge, just enough ice but didn't water it down, the taste was delicious.
Took me back to our vacation last year in Mexico.
I would of had another but drinks tend to fill me up just as much as the food.
The mole came out and it was a classic looks can be deceiving moment, the brown liquid mush surrounded by rice and beans.
I dove in and it was like a fiesta in my mouth.
The sauce was not too sweet, and not too salty, just a perfect balance.
The rice was very moist, last time it seemed just a tad dry.
I couldn't even finish half the beans and the rice too as the chicken was more than enough to satisfy my palate.
My boyfriend is some what a picky eater and even he took three bites and agreed it was delicious.
One more thing is the tortilla chips they bring out when you order are great.
They are light and crunchy, not thin and stale like some places serve.
The salsa is delicious and they have a green version I can't remember what our waiter called it but it's my favorite, it has a taste of fresh lime that is just mouth watering.
This is the first restaurant I've given 5 stars to, and it's because the food is amazing and decently priced.
Plus they care more about what they cook and not how the place is decorated, but even that they did a wonderful job with.
I think the only reason why this restaurant gets less business is because it's located on the way "out" of Cave Creek and is kind of easy to miss if you haven't been there before.

One of my favorite new spots!
This is an authentic mexican restuarant & I loved it!
I felt like I was on the beach in Rocky Point.
We had the carne asada fajitas, chicken chimi & the fried ice cream for dessert.
The steak was so tender & flavorful & the guacamole salsa they bring out with the chips at the beginning is to die for!
They have salsa dancing on friday nights & the dance floor is pretty big.
Great find :) Will for sure go here again

We come here a lot.
Love the Margs, and the chips and salsa.
Food is always yummy.
Decor is simple.
The people that work here are friendly and accomodating to my annoying kids, which is always a huge plus!

DH & I went there last night, the food was ok and service was ok.
The service staff was fine, until they had to add the bill up, to let us know how much to pay.
They made 3 addition errors on the bill!

The salsa, meal, service, price, and beer selectIon were worth 5 stars to me.
While the dirt parking lot and the dining area interior bring it down a little, I'd say not that much considering its a casual Mexican restaurant, so I'd really rate it 4.5 stars but Yelp doesn't allow ratings with half stars.
Bottom line, I'd look forward to going again and I definitely would recommend it to friends.
Arrived and was immediately seated.
It was 7PM on a Saturday night and the place was full except for only two tables being left.
Looking around I saw lots of families were there and I counted 4 food servers.
The place looks like an older, private residence that had two separate additions to it for the dining room and then the bar.
Very casual and a comfortable, jeans type place.
There is a large outside area and since it was late November (60 degrees, brrrrr!
LOL) a fire in the pit was burning.
Chips and Salsa promptly arrived from one server and as I noticed the green (Salsa Verde is my favorite!
) another food server had a menu and asked about my bar order.
Mexican Beer arrived quickly with lime on the top  - Darn fast service.
The green salsa is outstanding and the red is not far behind, but I knew better than to fill up before my meal.
Mating it with beer counters that, LOL!
I had read Yelp beforehand, so had seen both Mark and Julie's reviews on the Pollo Fundido (price $12) and ordered the same.
The food server complimented the choice as one of his favorites so my expectations were high.
Rightly so, as it turns out.
Shortly thereafter the hot plate arrived with a nice soft, smooth fundido topped with its cheesey cream.
As my fork dived through, I found large, flavorful chunks of chicken inside.
The main was garnished with shredded lettuce on the far side, rice on the left and beans on the right.
The green salsa had no chance of remaining and I mixed the rice & beans together then poured the salsa verde over it.
When I finished and asked the check came quickly and concluded a very nice, casual dining experience.

Cool place.
Authentic quality food, friendly service.
Great location.
Highly recommend - especially for those who are tired of the cookie cutter mounded melted cheese places.

Although the ratings were 4.5 on YELP, (being 40yrs in SoCal you can't help becoming a Mexican food connoisseur).
The place looks like a dive in and out, but, tasty chips & salsa and drinks.
Although the it's not authentic style, it was good Americanized Mexican food.
Just OK

I just want to mention we came here twice while we were back in town and both times the Mole was not even close to how good it used to be.
It's just a weird salty flavor, no chocolate or spice.
I don't know if they got a different cook or what.
I was sad to say the least.
The rest of the food is still good, and the green salsa will always be my favorite.

Wasnt really feeling it.
If your in the neighborhood I guess it's worth it but don't make the drive.
The food was just okay the service was really good but couldn't redeem my  tummies disappointment.
I was super excited about their bottled fanta too but sadly it was flat.
Just sad and flat :( Not worth the gas to go back.
Everything was just ok I really thought the yelpers had my back on this one but I guess you get led astray every once in awhile.

So, our unintentional quest to spend every weekend in April doing something in Cave Creek/Carefree ended on a down note.
I was craving Mexican food and margaritas and we had seen this place on our way into Cave Creek.
It looked borderline hole-in-the-wall which we thought could be a good thing.
Before heading over I consulted Yelp (as always).
Which by the way boyfriend now claims I refuse to try anything that isn't highly regarded by yelp users.
I have to admit, it's kind of true.... does that make me some kind of yelp snob?
Anyway, back to Los Mesquites....
The reviews were all over the place so I said I'd be willing to try it.
My thoughts:   *Outdoor area had some potential, but it wasn't very well kept up.
*16 year old karaoke birthday party was somewhat entertaining, but started to wear thin after a little while.
Somehow Mexican food and 16 year olds rapping to Snoop Dogg just don't quite go together.
*The food was pretty bland and definitely "gringo-ized".
My tortilla soup (that the waitress said was really good) was vegetable soup with some tortilla strips sprinkled on top.
The refried beans were also bland.
The chips and salsa were fine (house-made chips and decent salsa, though not spicy).
*The margaritas weren't bad, but they were nothing special.

Solid Americanized Mexican food at a decent price, much more cost effective and better tasting than the place with the ducks up the street.
However, the atmosphere doesn't compare.
It isn't run down by any means but lacks a certain charm.
Pretend not to notice the trailer with boarded up windows in the parking lot.
If they spruced up the patio a bit it would make a fantastic place to spend a spring or fall evening.
But oh my god, I wish these guys would lay off on the karaoke.
One night a week is fine, especially if you advertise it on your sign, but I wandered in here with friends on a Sunday afternoon & these two bar stars got on the mic and would.
not.
shut.
up.
And they had that thing cranked up to 11.
We moved to the other room & they still ruined our lunch.
Karaoke on Sundays makes the baby Jesus cry.

I think this place is now closed.
We tried to go last night but the sign was no longer out front and there were no cars in back!
So sad, this was the ONLY decent place in Cave Creek to get good Mexican food.
Even if the last two times weren't amazing we still liked it and are disappointed to see it closed.

closed - out of business

