I have not had a single bad visit to this barbershop.
The staff has been always nice, friendly, and provides a good haircut.
I usually get the Triple Play which is a cut, shampoo and hot towel.
Not a bad place to go if you're looking for a new barbershop.

Nice change from the normal cheap cut I usually get.
But frankly my "style" wouldn't pose a challenge to anyone other than a barber school cadet nowadays.
The main benefactor was my son as he finally has a decent style to his cut.
The stylist listened to what I told her and added her own touch - he looks great.
Much better than that cheap place we usually go to.
As a first time client you get a free MVP upgrade which is the hot towel, shampoo and massage.
It's twice what I normally pay - not sure I can justify my own cut here all that much but I think it'll serve a nice treat.
That's the star deduction - too pricey in my opinion.

I got a coupon in the mail for a free haircut for first-time customers, which they were happy to honor.
They even threw in the 5$ shampoo and hot towel session for free since it was my first time there.
They recommended the best haircut for my upcoming job interview, and did a great job not making it look like the usual buzz-cut I get.
Definitely worth visiting again, even if they charge on the higher side ($17 for the regular New Client Adult MVP - wonder if that rate is for new customers only?
) or just for the Free Neck Trims between haircuts.

They are way overpriced.
My haircut is a simple crew cut.
They shampooed me, which is kind of silly considering I have no hair, and then gave me a shoulder massage with a stupid machine.
All of that for $17.
I could get the same cut for $5 somewhere else.
Their theme is that you watch sports while you get your hair done.
I never saw any sports except in the waiting room -- and the TV wasn't tuned to anything I wanted to watch.
Just how much sports can you watch when you are being shampooed or when you are getting a 5 minute hair cut?
The girls that work there are cute.
If that's worth the extra money for some guys I say go for it.

Great service and great haircuts.
Go mvp.

Jessica rocks!
She has been doing my cuts for about two years now.
I'm not a big team sports guy, and would like to see some sort of racing instead, but that's no big deal.
The cuts are great, the new prices leave me more satisfied, and cause me to leave a larger tip.
Good all around!

Had a great experience there the staff is great!
Thanks!

This was my second time at Sports Clips.
Kathryn got me in quickly, did what I asked, knew what I had done my previous time and made it a quick and easy process which is important to me.
Both times in the girls were very professional, greet with a handshake, which as far as how to do business I thought was great, you do not see that much anymore.
Keep at it Sports Clips.
Thanks again Kathryn!

So I tried this place out after vowing not to return to Great Clips.
The haircut was as expected with a short wait time, and what is cool is they will do a trim around your neck line and ears in between haircuts.
I took them up on it prior to my trip to Mobile.
Overall an OK experience.
I don't expect a lot from getting my haircut, they met the need.

Been going to this Sports Clips location for the last few months.
Every time I've gone, I've always been seated no later than ten minutes after I get there and the staff is always friendly, talkative, and do an excellent job every time.

Their facility was clean and the girls cutting hair seemed very professional.
I needed a place that was open late and could get me in and out - This place did just that.

A year and a half later, and Jessica is still the haircut girl of my dreams.
There have been a couple of occasions where I've had to get cut by other girls at Sport Clips, and even cuts at places other than SportClips.
The SportClips cuts were always good, far above the other places I went to .
Be sure to tell Jessica hi for me if you go in!

