The sign in the front says that everyone needs to learn to drink somewhere.
It's funny because it's true!
Biddy's was the first bar I was taken to in Scotland.
They have live music some nights and decently priced beer.
They also have food.
I went there on my birthday also.
The friend I was visiting had to get up early the next day, so she left me with two guys I'd never met before.
I had a great time with them.
One of them met me at my hostel the next morning, and in return for a meal at Biddy's, he showed me around Edinburgh while my friend was in class.
I ate haggis.
It didn't kill me.
I wouldn't eat it again, but more because it was boring than because it was "icky".
It tastes like bround lamb with indian spices and oatmeal.
So, imagine oatmeal... OK now brown some ground lamb meat... OK now put some cumin, coriander, and cayenne pepper in the meat... OK now mix it with the oatmeal!!!
HAGGIS!
Euan had Nachos, which he pronounced funny because he has an accent.
Kind of like he's about to say "natural" but then says nachos instead.
And and and... you can buy condoms and vibrators and inflatable sheep in the bathroom.
Who doesn't want and/or need an inflatable sheep?

I wasn't sure if I should give this place three or four stars... four stars on week nights but more like 2 stars on weekends...
I think I'll stick with four because everwhere sucks on weekends and it's not Biddy's fault!
I used to be obsessed with this place.
Ok "obsessed" might be a little strong but what I mean is that I lived 5 minutes away, the beer was really cheap (student recommends deals ... which, by the way stop at 11pm and the staff never said a word when we each bought 3 pints at 10:55... sometimes they'd just give us the deal even if it was after 11.
That's what I call love), and there's live music on nearly every night of the week.
My friends and I started coming here regularly when we developed a somewhat overly-extreme crush on the guy who plays there Tuesday nights (Matt).
Then one night Matt switched with his brother Andy (who plays Mondays) and the love bloomed.
Basically Matt and Andy are awesome musicians and Biddy's is a fantastic place for hosting their talent.
Other than the music, I have to admit the food here is pretty damn good too.
Ok so I've only had the steak and ale pie and the fajitas but OMG the fajitas are amazing and I want one right now.
My friend Mel and I used to go there for dinner whenever we were hungover.. mmmmm.
The food's got a student deal too so it's 2 for 1.
Biddy's is, however, extremely shitty on the weekends because it's in the Grassmarket near the Cow Gate and it is therefore full of loud drunken twats from about 6pm onwards Friday and Saturday nights.
This is extremely unfortunate, but it's week-day coolness makes up for that.

I haven't been to many pubs, so I don't feel like I can give this a full 5.
But, came here last week based on the recommendation of a friend who studied abroad a year ago.
Went up to order my fajitas and a burger and the bartender asked if we were students, I said I am... and he asked to see my student ID and BAM!
2-for-1 deal on our meals!
so we got our food for 7.50 pounds!
what?!
hahaha i love unexpected deals.
that alone bumped their rating to a 3,  but the extra star comes from how good the food was for the value!
They give such a big portion of fajitas and only 4 torillas?!
hahaha sad.
you can ask for extra though i suppose... but really, fajitas were yummy!
the burger was ok. their meat tastes different compared to meat here in the US, but it's a good thing according to my friends who ate it.
I must mention that we came here on a Wednesday at 2pm, so it wasn't crowded at all.
The place was clean and staff polite!
If I was in Edinburgh, I'd definitely come back here!!!
Love it!

my father and i ate here on our recent visit and we loved it!
the people were very friendly, the food was a great for the price you paid!
in the US their meals would have cost us twice as much!
you must have their Sticky Toffee PUdding!
this was the first time we had ever heard of it and it was to DIE for!
the sign outside was hilarious!
especially since i am 18 and a US resident!

this is a grassmarket pub, which means it's absolutely balls-to-the-wall heaving on weekends but otherwise a rather nice spot to have a pint and watch the sports any other time.
watched my first hurling match ever here, live via satellite from ireland.

Slap bang in the centre of the Grassmarket, if you're heading out for drinks in this neck of the woods then you should definitely stop in here for a few, whether afternoon or evening.
For starters, if you're a student then you can bag yourself a Student Recommended card which gets you drinks from as cheap as £1.50.
More importantly, they're drinks you'd actually choose to buy and not just because they're cheap as is usually the way in bars with promos - Magners is only £2.50 and a glass of wine is only £2.25, whilst you can get yourself a Vodka + Mixer for as little as £1.75.
What's more, with the outdoor seating area you can take full advantage of the few rare sunny Edinburgh days by enjoying your drinks al fresco.
Lots of people criticise this place, and the majority of the pubs in the Grassmarket along with it, for always being full of stag/hen parties getting rowdier and more annoying by the minute.
Yes, it's true that a lot of these groups come here, but this place is more than big enough that you can always find a table out of range of their drinking games.
In fact, in my opinion it makes for a much better atmosphere in the place when there are always people up for a good time.
That said, when the beers go to your head then I'd definitely recommend taking advantage of the Soup & Sandwich combo for £4... from personal experience I can say that the fresh crusty bread, heaps of fillings and home-made tangy tomato soup will sort you right out for another few hours of pub-going.
Aside from the tourists, if you're into your sports then this is definitely your place.
As far as girls go, I love watching the football in the pub with a few drinks and this place has so many screens up and so many different Sky Sports channels that they're bound to be able to accomodate your requests.

I had heard from a friend who worked in Biddy Mulligans that this place got rather rowdy with stag/hen parties over the weekend, and had frankly avoided it like the plauge.
However, having been persuaded to go along to Biddy Mulligans for a swift few pints under the promise it wouldnt be as bad as my friend had described, I must admit I have come to like this pub.
Yes, there was the obligatory Stag party - but truth be told, they wernt out of control, and rather added to the atmosphere of a lively and well enjoyed pub.
The drinks were cheap, but after the third round and finding out we could get a student discount card thingy - drinks became even cheaper.
HAving been there for a little while, a live band set up who were rather good - if a bit hard to here over the general hubbb of Biddy's.
Food is also available, and is pretty good if standard pub fair and the staff are frindly.
Over all, I have taken a shine to this place, even if i do have to put up with stag/hen parties.

I used to frequent Biddy Mulligans quite often, and my boyfriend and I had a few dates here.
Well not so much dates, just getting drunk with each other to ease nerves.
But it was always pretty good.
I think the appeal was the SR card which gives you cheaper drinks.
Compared to the other bars that accept the SR card, I prefer Biddys.
It attracts a good crowd.
Granted it can get very busy with stag do's or Irish people watching the Rugby, but it doesn't ever get too over the top and maintains a good atmosphere.
During the week there is live music.
It can be hit or miss, if it's good it adds to the atmosphere.
Just a good, fun bar which is reasonably cheap.

This bar fits in nicely in the Grassmarket - it's a hot spot for stag and hen parties and is always crammed with various pub golf pub crawls, fancy dress nights out etc etc.
The prices are really good and you can quite happily spend the whole day/whole night here without breaking the bank.
It's really nice to sit outside here in the summer with a cider and watch the world go by.
When it's busy, it's not the best place to be because you're constantly fighting to get anywhere, but it's got a good atmosphere.

Another of a plethora of pubs scattered in the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh.
Rather than housing any special attractions, Biddy Mulligans seem to just nail the basics.
Indeed (as many other reviews have stated) the bonus with this pub is the discounts available with an Student Recommended card (SR Card).
With this handy piece of plastic you can bag a number of cheap drinks.
Although you'll get nothing special (no ales on tap here).
Nonetheless, everyone likes cheap cider, right?
The central oval bar and rickety character add to the pubs charm too.

The Irish are a bit like the Scots, except unlike the Scots who tend to wallow in their status as Europe's lowlifes, they do quite a good job of tricking foreigners into thinking they're nice, genuine, fun-loving people.
They're not of course, and deep down they're just as hostile and embittered as the rest of us, but you wouldn't think it from the constant fiddle music, pints of guinness, and undercurrent of religious hatred that combines to give Biddy's it's unique atmosphere.
Avoid at weekends or on St Patrick's day, it's a living hell.

Biddy Mulligans is a decent bar which has a friendly atmosphere and great service.
It offers the standard drinks with a good range of beers, ciders, wines and spirits.
All the drinks are pretty well priced with most pints costing less than £3.
Further, the decor is stylish and makes you feel at home right away with adequately comfortable seating and lots of tables to chill out at.
It attracts a good range of customers, from locals to students who all seem friendly and chilled out.
If you're in the area and after a relaxing drink with friends, this is the place.

Biddy's is very hit or miss, seemingly depending on how drunk you are.
As a pre drinking venue, it is good.
Plenty of space for larger groups, and the drinks prices are very reasonable considering it is on the Grassmarket.
It supports the Student Recommended Card which is handed out to Edinburgh students during Freshers Week or available at the bar upon flashing your student card.
This offers students great deals such as vodka and mixer for £1.95.
However (this is where I disagree with some of the other reviews), this place is not suited at all for a quiet drink.
The interior is minimalistic and dull, and as result there is next to no character inside this pub.
The music played is just loud enough to make conversation a chore.
Also if you go during busy times such as Friday and Saturday nights, you will be subjected to very drunk people stumbling into one another, fights and bucket loads of sleazy men trying to hit on young females.
Overall, great as a quick stop off and meeting point before heading to one of the nearby clubs on a night out, but if it's a quiet few drinks you're after, you'd be much better off heading to one of the other pubs on Grassmarket such as Last Drop or White Hart Inn.

Fun place to have a pub meal, a few beers, and a few laughs =) Minding the obnoxiously drunk Scottish men spraying and not saying the news on my arm.
Other than that, chill place for an early evening meal before heading out to other festivities.
Very friendly waitstaff.

Being a tourist from the States, I freaking' loved this place!
It was really festive and crazy - just what I'd imagine an Irish pub to be like.
There was a huge bachelor party at the time with a bunch of guys from Liverpool.
The owner of the bar gave us a couple free drinks, and a bunch of the guys ended up buying for us as well.
It was awesome!
The drinks were very decently priced too.
I wish there was one like this in the States...

I'll admit - Biddy Mulligan's would have been my archetypal stop about ten years ago, back when my liver was healthier and I had more interest in drinking and smoking than in much else.
Now, sitting in the corner with the boy and a bunch of hammered university students, I can see the attraction... it's a great student pub.
But if you're middle aged, sagging, and like drinking more for the taste than a pleasure akin to being on a ship in a storm, then bugger than, plenty of other opportunities.
As for cheap, our two drinks came to a hefty 8 quid (with warm Magners at that...) - if that's cheap, then I'm glad I was a student in the 90's, and not the naughties or later.

If you're looking for good food in Grassmarket, you're crazy - it's Edinburgh's answer to Trafalgar Square.
Just bad food all round.
If that doesn't put you off, here's a review to do the job;  Typical dark cliche Irish pub tourist trap.
More fool us for walking in (out of desperation and hunger and rain).
The girl at the bar told us to sit at the back (in the pitch black) and someone would bring us menus.
After 20 minutes of waiting - and having had the tables sprayed and wiped all around us, inhaling cleaning products, urgh - still no menus, waitress, attention or anything.
So we left.
The other 3 couples who came in and started waiting are probably still there... waiting for a menu.
All the best gang, hope you packed a lunch!

This is always the first and last place I drink at in Edi.
I don't know why.
I just seem to land and leave here, but that is more than ok.
The last time I was there was my favorite time, mainly due to the company, a good friend I was drinking with and the lovely, and by lovely I mean the "oh my god I want to have his beautiful Norse god babies" Norwegian guy I met.
We talked about golf and shared a cigarette and then went our separate ways.
However, it is a memory which will last a life time.

Apparently this bar is a local favourite.
We stopped in here more than 4 times in 2 weeks, which is less than our travelling companions.
I was introduced to strawberry lime ciders here by recommendation.
I'm glad I tried it.
It's delish.
The staff is friendly.
There is also live music.
I didn't have a chance to try the food here.
But the drink selection was good.
The Joker beer is not...

The beers are great, the service is good, the food is Delicious and the music selection is VERY good!
(granted its 6:30pm on a Tuesday and we're listening to an iPod) I give it 2 very enthusiastic thumbs up!
Had the club sandwich with a side salad and Magners cider, yum!!
Definitely worth a trip for a great low key pub.

I visited Biddy's quite frequently in my first year of uni and had some great nights out there.
There's always a good atmosphere, and the crowd is good banter.
In the last few years I've barely been in, but I was in again quite recently, and they've done it up a bit.
Well it's hard to tell exactly what they've done when it's rammed with people but the toilets have changed.
The womens are now where the mens used to be and the mens have moved...elsewhere!
One of the doors seemed to be missing off one of the loos in the ladies, but this didn't stop anyone using them...with the help of an obviously good friend standing in front of them!
There does seem to be more seating which I guess is a good thing.
It's still pretty dark in there though!

Great pub - good food.

