I feel like by writing this review, I should get my Yelp Elite status taken away.
I really do.
I felt bad about going, I felt bad after it, and I feel bad now.
For Christmas, my husband and I were given gift cards to use at Applebee's.
We sort of looked at it like "WTF?
" but smiled and thanked his grandparents.
It's important to note that it was his family, not mine, because my family is far to awesome to commit such a travesty.
One Saturday we had no food in the house.
Seriously.
We had like some slimy lunch meat, limoncello, two stale hot dog buns, and a 4 year old box of macadamia nuts we got on vacation while in Hawaii.
We were forced to go out.
Since we had to run some errands, I suggested we take the damn gift cards and use them.
You can't fuck up a salad or a burger right?
So we get there at like 2 in the afternoon.
And the damn place has like 20 people waiting to be seated.
The servers are all milling around, not doing anything, tables aren't really cleared.
Finally someone comes up and starts seating people.
You know how the nightly news occasionally does hard hitting health/medical reports on the obesity epidemic in America?
Yeah, bring a camera news crew and pan around for your stock footage.
Fred and Bessie have come home to graze.
I know that it's horrible of me to say that, especially since I'm not thin by any means, but dear god I was thin there.
And the whole place on top of it just has this air of death and desperation.
Apparently having a tool like Tyler Florence shill your food isn't attracting the foodie crowd.
The food was entirely meh.
Bland and tasteless, but edible.
Just what I expected.
Portions were odd.
I had a roll up and onion rings.
Husband had steak fajitas.
We could have easily eaten just his fajitas, but my roll up would have feed my dogs and left them begging for more.
I also have to wonder if when you work at Applebee's your soul dies.
Because I kid you not, our waiter acted like that.
We needed more napkins, we got two.
We needed a refill on drinks and he would disappear for like 15 minutes.
You say "Thank you" to him and he'd either grunt or say "no problem".
If it's a problem for you to bring me some mother effing ketchup, I am sorry for the inconvenience and suggest you try a job at Fridays.
Maybe some flair would help your spirits.
But then again, I did this to myself.
I knew how horrible it would be and it was.
Am I overreacting, being outrageous?
Probably.
One good thing came out over this lunch.
We figured Grandpa and Grandma had probably got these gift cards as previous gifts and were re-gifting them.
So our New Years Resolution: Give them gift cards to places we want to eat and await the re-gift.

Nothing against this applebees particularly.
The company as a whole has gone to hell.
They've gotten rid of all their good beers, appetizers and entres.
The boneless wings kept going up in price, the beer went up with less selection, thai chicken pizza GONE, jalapeno poppers GONE, onion peels GONE.
It's like the people running the company are completely backwards.
As a result I have not been back in over a year.
Other places have more beer, better prices, and better food.
No reason to go back to applebees.

I love Applebees.
Not this one.
Every time I'm hear something gets screwed up.
I'm not kidding.
It's only this Applebees.
On the flip side, the servers are nice and I've gotten to try a lot of renditions of a bbq cheeseburger because it's always differently wrong when I go in.
The restaurant has a nice layout and usually has whatever game on tv that should be on but the service is S-L-O-W and I think they may be doing it so we get so hungry while we nibble on our arms we order more food when they do come around.
Like I said above, I'm a huge Applebee's fan.
Just not this one.

I'm not sure how I like the new remodeling.
It's bland and not original.
But the staff is friendly and their sangrias are good.

I only come for the Happy Hour.
So I'll say that the price is great for apps and beers

I went here specifically for their lunch specials awhile back and we sat down 30 minutes before their lunch period was over and ordered my usual soup and salad combo.
The food was fine and I tried to order a second round and the server tells me that she can't let me order it because the lunch period had passed.
Um, what?
If I had known that my order wouldn't be honored after 3pm when I first sat down, i wouldn't had gone.
The server absolutely knew why I even came in in the first place and didn't bother telling me.
I was still hungry at that point but I refused to order any more food from them.
I was so disappointed with the experience that I wrote to corporate to explain what had happened.
To this day, I haven't heard from them.
I thought being served raw chicken from an earlier visit would teach me not to come back but I guess I was too forgiving.
I knew that this was a big chain restaurant and it was gonna suck so I have no one to blame but myself.
I haven't returned since and will never be back.

Awesome place.
Went in during happy hour.
1/2 price appetizers.
Ordered boneless and bone-in wings, mozzarella sticks and onion rings.
$3 beers all day everyday.
Can't complain.
Great service and delicious food.
Recommend to anyone.

It was nice here.
Love it hanging out with family.
the servers were awesome and the food was excellent.
not to mention the 3 dollars beers all day everyday.
would definitely recommend this place to everyone and will come again

Would love to leave negative stars.
Wasn't my choice to come here, but after a day spent to my bridal shower my family and I just wanted to get a quick bite to eat without doing dishes.
We headed down Bell road at 7 on a Saturday night and Applebees was the only place without a wait...should've been a red flag.
I try to not come to places like this for anything but happy hour because they are well... crappy... but my diabetic mother had already waited long enough and we just needed to get her food.
We waited at the host stand for about 5 minutes... should've just left.
A manager finally came to seat us, no apologies, no personality, just a patronizing shell of a person.
Was more interested in making sure he got his canned sales pitch out and to make very, very clear that we understood happy hour was not going on right now... oy!
Another five minutes go by and we finally get one asswipe of a server.
I could go on and on about his attitude and lack of service, but frankly the more I write the more I realize that we should've never come to this hell hole to begin with and it is our fault for wasting our money here.
Long story short, server was rude and pushy while he was there, then put in our food order and disappeared.
He was spending more time sitting with the table next to us on his phone.
Our food came out after tables that ordered after us.
Our food was nasty and cold.
The manager didn't care about either, but told us not to tip the server if we weren't happy.
While I am usually one to give at least 10% for the worst service ever (heck, just "average" service gets you 20% from me), this guy was quite possibly the worst of the worst...and besides his manager endorsed not tipping the idiot, so we just left the change on this one and he came BURSTING OUT THE BACK DOOR AND CHASING US THROUGH THE PARKING LOT!
Oh and there was the same creeper smoking next to the entrance when we walked in and when we left.... a mere 10 feet from the door.
sigh.
$40 worth of frozen, improperly described (calling a button mushroom dish a portabello mushroom dish) nasty food, came out wrong and old tasting.
Patronizing manager.
Jerky disappearing server who harassed us through the parking lot.
Yeah, our bad...shouldn't of even walked through the door.

So we went to this Applebee's for the first time in a long time.
The waiter was great.
That's the only good thing.
The food was ok. We saw 2 infants in the bar area and 4 toddlers at 10:30 pm.
Maybe some people are ok with this but can't believe they allow kids in the bar area.
Then there was the Karaoke...........at Applebee's?
The only ones singing were the Karaoke guy and the employees.
Our waiter even said he didn't like it!
Just when I thought the Karaoke was the worst part of our evening.
Oh no, we go out to our car and their was a piece of crap Mustang parked next to us and two people were in it having sex in it!
Yes, I said sex!
Needless to say we will not be going back to Applebee's period.

Okay food and terrible service.
Usually we go the Applebee's off of Grand Avenue and we have always had great food and pretty good service.
We did not have a good experience at the Bell Road location today.
We arrived at around 1pm and there were already 2 couples waiting ahead of us to be seated and the hostess was nowhere around.
When she did finally show up she looked to the 4th set of people that were walking in the door behind us and asked them if they would like to be seated.
What the heck?
There was a line of people clearly there before them and she just seated them first.
Then she came back and asked the 2nd couple in line to follow her back to be seated.
After another few minutes another girl came in and seated the first couple that was waiting and then came back for us.
Once we finally got to our table and our waitress came the service was fine.
However, when we were leaving the couple at the table next to us was complaining to the manager that they had been waiting over an hour for their food.
The manager replied that it "happens sometimes" when they are busy.
I didn't hear him offer any apology or an offer to see what happened with their food or compensate them in any way, just an excuse for slow service and he walked away.
Obviously the lack of customer service at this location comes froom the top down.

This Applebee's have been coming to for a long time they took down all the musculature old photos and we painted the walls and put in more traditional decorations and redid that entire bar so it's all nice and neat, They have some new items on the The menu the even have a lot weight watchers menu which is pretty yummy, I ordered that Napa chicken mushrooms I didn't find any mushrooms but three of them in the photo shows lots of mushrooms so I'm not given any more stars than three the manager did come over and asked my input I told him that the stuff on the menu should look exactly looks like it when it comes to the table I was or better, when I got my mail to the table is no longer look appetizing, The chicken was very juicy and delicious the vegetables I say Wilcor time and try and plan other than that I will probably continue going there but they are other Applebee's in town I'll try those and see if it improves at a different location, Or if  remains the same.

If you go here ask to sit in Dan's section.
He was awesome.
Explained they menu had great suggestions and was very friendly.
My husband and daughter loved him as well.
I am very picky since I'm in the industry so to finally have great service was wonderful.

Ill start off by saying the staff was pretty nice but that's about all they had going for them.
The food here is terrible!
The steak was like eating rubber and the fries were extremely hard.
It is like this literally every time i have gone in to Applebee's.
I asked for a refill on my water and they i waited about 5-10 minutes before having to ask again.
On top of the horrible food, i had a gift card that i tried to use, but they gave it back to me and said there was a zero balance on it.
This was news to me since, the last time i used it there, they gave it back to me and didnt bother to tell me it was all used up!
the only reason i even went to this restaurant was because i had the gift card.
i never would have wasted my money on that terrible food.

Yesterday a friend suggested Applebee's for lunch.
Two in our group ordered   sandwiches and soup.
I ordered  chicken/cheese penne pasta and shrimp spinach salad - both delicious - both tasted fresh.
We three enjoyed ...  Great food!
Great service!
Others also must feel the same; the place was packed with customers.

If I could give negative stars I would..I usually don't leave a review but the food taste worst than a damn box.
If you want to drink great..eating is a whole nother story.
.tuck!!

Food look like it was jst tossed on plate and plate looked like a kids meal.not to mention i waited an hour for an appetizer tht ddnt even come with plates.horrible service

Well the wife and I tried an Applebee's in another part of town and there was a very long so we decided to try a different one.
So we came to this one and to our surprise there was no wait and open tables even though it was in a much busier part of town.
So we were seated pretty quickly bit from then on it went down hill.
To sum it up the food was awful and I even had it replaced and it was still awful after that.
It only went from old food to overly salted food.
And the service was very poor at best as well.
We just sat around for 30 minutes waiting for silverware and we even asked 3 times for it.
So even with all of these problems you would think that at least your beer would be fine.
But guess what it wasn't.
I love getting draft beer from the bottom of the keg.
It's great when it's completely flat.
So please folks and take this review seriously and avoid this place completely.
I now know why this place had a ton of tables open with no wait.
Just head over to the Applebee's on northern if your feeling like Applebee's.

Here right now & I'm so irritated I'm about to just leave without paying.
First off, walk in...
Wait about 10 minutes to be seated.
I assume the manager came to seat us, he seats us & the silverware is all jacked up.
The napkin looked used & all ripped up & the guy clearly noticed it, apologized & was gonna bring us a new set.
Soo we're waiting.. Waitress comes...
I order Oreo cookie milkshake.
She comes back & gives me this long story about how they ran out, etc... 10 minutes later comes back & apologized..
Apparently the barista played a joke on her & they actually weren't out of ice cream.
Whatever ok, annoying.
Meanwhile, still no utensils.
So I asked waitress for utensils, she sarcastically replies "okay I'll get them even though  your foods not here, cause I'm sure you'll need them beforehand".
Really irritated now.
Get my food... Fries tasted like they'd been sitting, tasted old & not even remotely fresh or warm.
To top it off, waited 15min for the bill.
Don't come here.

Amazing service.
A big thank you to Kenny our waiter.
He was on top of our orders and our drinks.
Next time I am in Surprise Arizona I will definitely stop by again.

Three strikes you're out!
This place has been awful every time we have come here over the past year.
I've tried time and time again to give it another chance, but, it always ends up being a horrible experience.
It seems to never be the food (though its not great) but the service.
Let's take a look at why I am done with this place.
The first bad experience I had here was earlier this year.
My friends and I all came for dinner.
My boyfriend was with me, and ordered a kiwi lemonade.
The waitress didn't bother to write anything down and came back with a kiwi slush.
He told her he did not order that, and we all backed him up.
She got snooty and told him to just keep it and then brought the kiwi lemonade.
Here is the kicker.
We get the bill and she charged him for BOTH.
She charged him for her mistake!
We argued with her and she begrudgingly took it off his bill.
Second bad experience was us just wanting a blondie.
We get there and the waitress comes and get's our drink orders, brings are drinks, and then is sucked into the 5th dimension because we never see her again.
Our drinks were never refilled and we waited OVER AN HOUR for sub par food.
I know what you are thinking, maybe it was busy, yes it was, but even a busy restaurant never takes that long for food.
We got no apology, no compensation at all.
The waitress was exceptionally attentive to the table behind us, too bad we were invisible to her.
Last bad experience was last night.
We were going to see an 11 o'clock movie that was playing right across the street.
It was a little after 10 and we decided to try this place one more time to get some appetizers.
We get our drink orders in at 10:15, and  their must be some kind of worm hole in this Applebee's because the waiter disappeared too!
It's nearly 11, still no food, place is dead, and we need to go.
My friend tracks down our waiter and he says food is done, wait another 10 minutes, still no food.
Decide to leave.
I will add we didn't see our waiter until my friend tracked him down.
Thankfully waiter only charged us for drinks.
If anyone working for this Applebees reads this, fix your service!
No one cares how good your food is if we never get to eat it!

