Many years ago I worked in Knightsbridge, where my two local corner shops were Harrods and Harvey Nichols.
It understandably gave me a slightly distorted view of the world of shopping, but one that I was happy to indulge in (even if most of the indulgences were during the sales).
Fast forward to the present day and my two local corner shops Scotmid and Shelter.
The credit crunch bit me a long time before it hit the nation.
BUT, and it is a huge B U T - I still have my Harvey Nicks card and I still get invited to their shopping events.
Oh how I love them dear reader..    Wandering around HN is like flicking through Vogue without having to splash out on the cover price.
Work the store thus: Limber up among the sunglasses where you can try on designer brands with no hassle from the staff.
Mooch past the bags, accessories and make up where sales assistants are a wee bit less passive and head for the fashion floors.
I ignore menswear but you don't have to.
Next the designer label floor, cooing over the Dries van Noten, drooling midst the Marni and laughing hysterically in Chloe.
Having numbed myself with the £600+ price tags I head to the affordable fashion floor (no, I know it isn't cheap, but since I am not actually in the store to shop that ISN'T THE POINT) where I memorise the styles ready for the real shopping in H&M.
Thence to the Food Hall.
Here you can buy the hottest chilli sauce in the west, the most expensive jar of Marmite ever and, in the right season the odd jerusalem artichoke.
If you want to.
I usually come out with a packet of oat cakes; the packaging is to die for.
On the same floor are the restaurant and cafe.
I ate in the cafe shortly after it opened a few years ago and it was splendid.
Whether it still is will require further research.
The long and the short of all this is that unless you are well off or exceedingly cavalier with your credit cards, treat Harvey Nichols as a shopping theme park; play the role, enjoy the style and act like a princess for a couple of hours.
Then return to Princes Street, hit H&M, Zara and Top Shop and spend, spend, spend with a clear conscience.

I absolutely love the make up range in Harvey Nics :) Although, most products are of a large price, you most definetely get what you pay for and the make up artists are lovely and approachable !

What's not to love about Harvey Nic's?
I am really surprised that a previous reviewer has described this massive store as lacking in customers because I would have to say whenever I have been in it has been rammed!
It is a tourist attraction as much as a department store after all.
On the ground floor you will find a sublime collection of cosmetics, jewelery and accessories.
The first floor is dedicated to Menswear, boring moving on.
The second floor is the first of two Womenswear floors and this one has the more expensive designer clothes and generally more formal collections.
Oh and of course the designer shoes, sigh.
The third floor is more casual Womenswear and the fourth floor is the restaurant which I have reviewed separately.
I love going to Harvey Nic's just to be in close proximity to brands I will never be able to afford.
Brands like Balenciaga, 3.1 Phillip Lim, Balmain, Lanvin, Miu Miu, Peter Pilloto oh oh oh the list goes on and on!
The layout of the store takes you seamlessly from one to die for designer to the next until finally you are spent, ahhhh.

Harvey Nichols is undoubtedly Edinburgh's chicest and most stylish department store.
Over four levels, you'll find premium cosmetics, a nail bar, the latest in designer fashion and accessories, a food hall and a restaurant, bar and brasserie.
Generally I only come here for the bar, beauty and food hall - everything else is slightly out of my price range.
However, the sales can be pretty epic; I once found a pair Miu Miu jeans reduced to £20, so there are bargains to be had if you're canny enough.
They really pull out all the stops with their exciting and adventurous window displays (think a massive dinosaur made out of coat-hangers or paint splattered mannequins dressed in scarily expensive clothes), it's a spectacle worth seeing, even if you can't afford any of the goods they're displaying.
This is a shop at the cutting edge of retail and is a must do on any serious shopping trip.

Ok, so Edinburgh is more or less renowned for having posh students (yah's, for those in the know) and Harvey Nichols is their playground.
Even the staff have hair to envy Winehouse.
But you know what...there is something quite nice about watching them run around after me.
The things sold in Harvey Nichols are very high-end, but if you have a big event coming up then it's worth splurging sometimes.
When it comes to Harvey Nichols, I have a routine.
When my mum comes down to Edinburgh for a visit, we ALWAYS make an appointment at the champagne nail bar on the ground floor, before heading up to the 4th floor to drink French Martini's until it's time for dinner.
Bliss!
Infact, I consider myself to be somewhat of a French Martini connoisseur, and Harvey Nicks is the best in Edinburgh!
Absolutely delicious.
My mum and I are regulars - we are even in the brochure.
Not even kidding.
All in all, I could spend all day in Harvey Nichols.
There's something quite exciting about getting all dressed up to go shopping and spoil yourself.
It's not just a shop, it's an experience!

Okay so I am never going to be able to afford to shop in Harvey Nichols.
But I do love to go to this store, and purely for these reasons:  1.
The window displays.
Bizarre and elaborate, this store has the best displays in Edinburgh.
I love looking in the window and trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
Mac make up counter.
Staff are so friendly and helpful.
Probably on commission.
Christian Louboutin shoes.
One day you will be mine.
Food Hall.
May be over priced but I love wandering around and looking at all the fancy foods.
Good range of imported food from America and China too.
And that's that.

If there's one city in the UK that really doesn't suit having this crass, tasteless testament to conspicuous consumption, then it's Edinburgh.
I've already voiced my concern in previous reviews that Edinburgh's genteel charm seems to be slowly getting swallowed up by the hideous WAG culture that dominates shops and nightclubs in Liverpool, Glasgow and Manchester.
Harvey Nick's is the embodiment of this.
Champagne (Cava) nail bars, 12 inch high shoes with "Dior" emblazoned on them, and aisles filled with screeching, orange girls reeking of perfume.
It's a million miles away from the traditional opulence of Jenner's, and as a general rule, if you're buying something from this store, the main reason behind the purchase is to show people you (or more likely your present lover) can afford it.
Severely lacking in customers for it's first few years but bizarrely seeming to be a bit busier since Britain went bankrupt, it gets an extra star for the food hall.
I rarely buy anything, but it's great for finding unusual foreign ingredients and meal ideas that I can go and look for somewhere else.

Harvey Nicks is the supreme department store ... great premium brands, good service ... but pricey.
I like going in and browsing and from time to time I buy something.
It always feels a bit of a special occasion when you do actually fork out the cash.
Saying that my wife has picked up some amazing bargains in the HN sales.

Things obviously aren't what they seem in the great British depression.
Harvey Nics still pack in St Andrew's Square tent dodgers, eager to part with hundreds of quid for this seasons 'bang on trend' t-shirts.
In terms of shopping experience I'm not sure that Harvey Nics does either the boutique-feel or department store experience that well.
The labels on offer are on the rarer side of mainstream but not exclusive, and I think they need a bit of a re-model to freshen things up inside the store.
That said the winter sale is always worth a gander if you've been good girls and boys and saved your pennies.

I loooooove me some Harvey Nichols.
I walk in the door and feel my body fill with sheer LUST.
The ground floor sports the perfumery, cosmetics, glorious handbags and purses and the champagne nail bar.
I generally wander straight to Vivienne Westwood and Alexander McQueen to stroke and coo over items.
Next up is some fashion and shoes, which I don't mind a look about - the Christian Louboutins make me smile inside.
I generally skip most of the fashion items and continue to the 'forth' floor where we find my heaven.
The top floor has the gorgeous food market - everything from tea and coffee to champagne to chutney and hot sauce.
There is also a bar, YO!
Sushi and The Chocolate Lounge which is a cake, coffee and champagne bar.
If you haven't been in for some posh shopping then you absolutely must (dahling)!

i admit it, i'm a girl who enjoys the finer things in life.
a designer handbag, chanel no 5, and a glass of champange, so frankly it's rather hard to dislike a shop where i can get all three of these items while being treated like royalty.
admittedly though, i don't shop in Harvey Nics.
working for the public sector my salary just doesn't stretch far enough to buy a pair of shoes that costs me the same amount of money as my monthly rent (i wish it did though!
)  but this shop isn't snobby and no one there knows i can't buy that gorgeous designer dress so i'm free to browse and look at all the pretty items at my leisure.
i love that this store is all chic and modern looking with clean lines and frequently changing window displays.
the christmas winter displays are seriously fantastic!!
but my favourite part of this shop is the 4th floor (aka the floor where i can actually afford things!
)  i've been to the bar here and the restaurant both of which i've enjoyed very much.
i've always had a quick lunch at Yo Sushi and a cupcake treat at the chocolate bar across the way.
then there is the food shop with a gorgeous deli counter that features freshly made soup and sandwiches that are quite reasonably priced.
there are also loads of deli meats, cheeses, and olives.
AND there is a gourmet chocolate counter where you can make up your own box AND there are AMAZING cupcakes you can take away!
yes the cupcakes are a wee bit pricey but they are worth every penny, so delicious!!
i also enjoy a quick browse through the other specialty food and alcohol items they have available.
this is a shop for the finer things in life, a place to be savoured and enjoyed but perhaps not a place for the every day.
thankfully i have John Lewis for the rest of my life :)

I absolutely love this shop.
I enjoy the finer things in life and don't mind dropping by for a quick look at the handbags and shoes.
I would rather spend my money on one luxury item that will last me years that lots of items that will be worn and out of fashion in a few months.
My favorite part of Harvey Nichols is the Mac and Chanel Cosmetics.
I could easily spent hours shopping the stands and having my makeup done.
I always make sure i stock up when i am in and can spend hundreds at a time as its just so brilliant.
I also very much love the winter sales.
I love a a bargain and although i will spend on something i truly love i tend to grudge spending lots on shoes and bags.
The sales are brilliant as last year i found a Wildfox swimsuit reduced from £180 to £9 and a Wildfox bracelet reduced from £120 to £5.
This year i also found a pair of Jeffrey Campbell's reduced from £150 to £5, so its really affordable for everyone once the sale rolls round.
However not all items are reduced this much unfortunately.
I love the new Gucci boutiques they have inside and i can admire all the beautiful bags and jackets, despite not being able to afford them.
I find the Louboutins to be reasonably priced.
You can get a decent pair of hidden platform in nude for £450 which i think is fair.
Out of my price range but still fair.
I really love the 4th floor however as i can find all the candy and cocktails and sushi.

Maybe I just don't get it.
It's a tall, bright, clean store.
It's a fancy store.
But it's not at all what I expected of a Harvey Nichols.
Even though I was just in for a wander (as the store carries very little in the way of things in my budget or size), I was underwhelmed.

