This place rocks when i moved out to AZ we found this place and it was great.
This buffet had it all steaks cooked the way you like them and all the sides are great went for breakfast once and that was also great when i go back to AZ i will be stopping by

The name sounds soooo "blech"  but I have to say, this place is ggoooodd!
They make home made mashed taters, they grill various steaks to your liking and offer lots of yummy veggie options.
The salad bar section has "real" lettuce, not just iceberg and romain - but spinach, radicchio, etc...Great place for all!

Wow!
I was definitely not expecting the food to be so tasty and fresh here!
I've been to quite a few buffets, both American and Chinese.
I have to say the selection and quality here is better than all the rest!
The dessert section alone is enough to get a person hooked!
This location at around noon on a Thursday was crawling with senior citizens with walkers, so don't plan to eat here on lunch if you're in a big rush.
The staff was extra friendly, and the food was all excellent!
I especially enjoyed the sweet potato casserole and the Chinese style vegetables.
The fresh bread and chocolate covered strawberries for dessert were really good!
I think I'll be coming back.

I love coming here for the rolls & honey butter alone...Delish :) I totally have a food-gasm from eating them!!!
This buffet wins hands down over any other.
The last time I went to a buffet my sister (unfortunately) wanted to go to Old Country & it sucked hard-core.
Dry food, unappetizing flavors, crappy choices, etc.
If you're wanting to stuff yourself silly go here...great selection of food to choose from.
I especially like the sweet potatoes, Bourbon Street Chicken with rice, and meatloaf.
Skip the mac 'n' cheese...very bland...blech.
The wait staff is ok, no one particulary friendly or fast, but I doubt anyone expects exemplary service from a buffet.
This location is a bit better/cleaner than the other one at Stapley/Cooper.

The wife and I ate here about a year ago and thought it was decent for the price.this is not a place or venue we may normally choose for dining but once in a while mediocre comfort food hits  the spot.Last nights dining experience was less than stellar,most the dishes they offered were not good at all flavor wise I ended up having a baker and a steak which the FOUR guys working the steak station were more intrested in standing in a huddle talking and joking and when i finnally got one of there attention he seamed a little put out that I wanted  a steak.............salad bar was decent ,service was good may be a long time before and if we go back

Wow, these Eastern Mesa people aren't afraid to go out for a buffet!
Like #1 Eastern yesterday, this place was already roaring busy at 11 AM on a weekday!
I got off to a good start with their 5-Star Clam Chowder!
There were some nice (peeled!
) shrimp for the salad, tasty breaded & baked pieces of (cat?
)fish, & all the usual good stuff.
The only negatives for me were that there were no fried chicken wings available, & the hot molten lava cake I came for didn't have any lava... just the cake!
What's up with THAT?¿?
Ok, excellent place overall!
Lunch Buffet $7.69, $7.19 Sr.

lots of food that's not too disgusting and buffet-like tasting.
good price.
breakfast, lunch and dinner are good.
the endless warm rolls with honey butter are so good.
mmmmmmm..... expect to feel really, REALLY gross when you leave this place.

So, I have recently been introduced to the Golden Corral, and I am pleased to make its acquaintance!
I think what I like about Golden Corral the most is the kind of food I get to pick from.
Forget American Chinese, American Mexican, American Japanese, and the like...give me some good ol' AMERICA food.
There's nothin' fake or missing from their wide arrange of options and dishes.
And everything is tasty and appealing to me, which isn't always the case in other buffets I've tried.
The rolls are amazing and the desserts are tasty.
The only complaint I have is that they don't bring you bread any more...I know, it's a petty complaint, but I'm just sorry I had to lose the ONE service they provided that I really don't want to do for myself...oh wait, they get your refills too.

Steak Steak and more Steak!
Desserts were also good.

Voted best buffet in mesa for a reason.
breakfast costs about $7.00 and comes with a complimentry drink or coffie.
Breakfast includes all you can eat steak, eggs, bacon, made to order omlettes, and much much more.
For Lunch they do not have steak but they have a new special everyday.
My favorite is the fish fridays.
the pot roast is amazing.
For dinner they have a new theme every month or so.
Right now it is seafood including an amazing newberg, coconut shrimp,  and an amazing clam chowder or cheese and brocley soup.
The restaraunt is set up so there are 4 main dining rooms and a banquet room which is perfect for big family events or buissness afairs.
this golden corral in Mesa has one of the best management teams i have ever met.
These are people that you can tell truly care about what the guest thinks about the golden corral.
If you go to one restaurant this year, go to golden corral!
well worth every doller.

Watch out if you think GC has healthy food.
If you go in and eat only the vegetables, they are soaking in MARGARINE made with hydrogenated soybean oil.
Soy is genetically modified and an endocrine disrupter.
For real butter, you have to ask your server - the "butter" they have out is actually margarine.
They use soybean oil for their deep fat frying (but this is not unusual.
I thought it was a good place to go, but the brussel sprouts/carrots/green beans, etc.
are all swimming in margarine - which they determined years ago to have massive trans fats and to be worse than butter.
It's good to know that GC will save a few bucks at the cost of their customer's health....

We will be back.
We barely scratched the surface of this place, but we loved everything we ate.
This is the best bang for your buck buffet, Bubba.
The very best thing is their Pan-seared Seafood which is prepared at its own station.
I had tilapia on a bed of linguine with scampi sauce and it was cooked perfectly.
They also had a choice of scallops or shrimp, with either a bed of veggies or rice, and either lemon piccata sauce or spicy alfredo.
Me Pan seared tilapia on linguine with scampi sauce 5/5 Garlic cheese biscuit 5/5 Green beans 4/5 Corn 4/5  Wife Clam chowder 5/5 Salisbury steak 5+/5 Bourbon chicken 5/5 Broccoli 3/5 Baked beans 5/5 Stuffing 5/5 Candied Yams 5/5 Baked sweet potato 4/5  Picky daughter Rotisserie chicken 4 Mac n cheese 4  All of the desserts we tried were a solid 4/5, but the fudge gets a 5/5 because, dude, It's FUDGE!

Been a few times everything tasted great

This is the best buffet outside of Vegas.
I can see why the obesity rate is increasing every year with all you can eat food like this!
They have a pretty good variety of food, all decent quality.
People can be a bit pushy at times, but isn't that the charm of a buffet?
I wear my hockey gear on steak night because NOBODY comes between me and my prime rib!

Decent buffet at a pretty good price.
I LOVE the fried fish here, also really like the fried chicken!
The food is very good, very fresh and plentiful.
Get there early during the winter as with our seasonal visitors, it gets busy early.
I have had the steak and really did not like it (thought it was tough), but everything else I have liked!

I did not like the food at all.
Maybe it was because we arrived an hour before they closed I don't know.
The food was not presented in a clean manner.
There was food mixed up with other foods and I thought it was safe to try the Pot Roast but it was dry.
The desert table was a mess.
There was cake frosting everywhere and pie and brownie crumbs in the jello.
I skipped on desert and skipped on a second helping.
The service was nice and attentive it was not helping my appetite.
I it just could have been a bad day, but being a lover of buffets.
I do not think I will be back.
My search continues for a good buffet.I hear they are open for breakfast.
Maybe that would be better.
It would be hard to mess up a scramble egg.

I do love this place!!
The only problem is, some people (mostly children) are really messy and sometimes different foods will get mixed in with other foods which could cause an issue if someone had a food allergy or something.
I've really never had a bad meal here; the food is good, hot and fresh.
The servers could use a little work on their customer service skills although most are nice for the most part.
You definitely get what you pay for.
The only real problem is crowding and it's a pain if you get seated next to a huge group with a bunch of screaming kids running around.
That happened to my husband and myself once; we simply asked to be moved to another table and the server was very cool about it :)  One of the best buffets around!

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  It's been over two years since eating over at this out of the way Golden Corral, but today Mike C., Robyn N. & I stopped in for lunch.
The food was just excellent, & the wide selection, comfortable dining room, good table service & reasonable price make it add up to one of the best Buffets in the Valley, so it's up to 5 Stars this time!
:-))

Thanksgiving Tradition at the Golden Corral.
We have a group of anywhere from 5-11 who have been making this a tradition for at least  5 years.
We meet here from Mesa, Scottsdale, South Tempe and Chandler.
Some of us do not even see each other the rest of the year, and some who came as guests are now regulars.
This year will be no different, except that I personally will be driving down from the White Mountains so I don't break tradition.
We love the Mesa Golden Corral because not only is it the best meeting place, but we can count on the food and friendly service being excellent.
Only once were we asked to leave earlier than usual....not because we were loud, but that particular manager didn't want our group of 9 holding the table too long.
Oh,  and by the way,  it is so good,  we have added Easter to our Golden Corral  Holiday Tradition.

The food is amazing!!
There is so much to choose from and everything was fresh and delicious!!
However, the service left a lot to be desired.
Our waitress was clearly in a very bad mood right when we were seated.
She argued with people at other tables, rolled her eyes constantly, pissed and moaned out loud about having to bus her own tables and was just plain miserable to be around.
Even when an older lady walked up to hand her a tip, she continued to whine about her job to a co-worker before taking the tip and she never even said thank you.
We didn't even want to bother her for refills on our soda because she was so miserable and mean!!
This place would be 5 star without certain employees!

wish they brought the sea food that was prepared in front of you back.
rest of food is decent nothing to great.
get what u pay for.
chocolate fountain is a plus with the fruit, candy and cookies you can dunk in it.
new quesadillas are pretty good

First time there.
Not bad for a buffet.
Lots of choices.
Fresh vegetables, the shrimp was wonderful!
The desserts left much to be desired, though the peanut butter cookies were good.
We will be back again sometime.

I've never been disappointed with food at a Golden Corral restaurant, and can say the same about this location.
It did get a little packed while we were there but it was expected for Sunday at mid-morning.
If you come on the weekend like we did, I would anticipate waiting in line for a few minutes upon entering the restaurant.

My son wanted breakfast, but we had lunch.
I actually enjoyed what I ate, and didnt feel stuffed like a pig when I left.
Ill return eventually.

Fred's Playland gives them two thumbs up.
Great overall experience.
Especially considering we brought them a bus load.
That can be extremely challenging.
The service was impeccable, The food was served quickly and it was delicious.
The managers Ed & Dwayne were more than hospitable.
They got us in and out and we were happy, full and on time.
They even gave us our own section.
We look forward to visiting again next year on our annual Salt River Trip.

No frills place for breakfast.
Good place to go with a group.
Good selection of food...scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits, steak carving station, ham, pancakes, waffles, omelet station, salad bar, desserts including a chocolate fountain.
They have everything that you would want.
Nothing was disappointing about the experience.

Visiting Mesa, AZ from Los Angeles.
Was excited to visit as I had heard of it but never been.
The food was delicious.
The service was great; everyone was friendly served us coffee round the clock.
Unlike other buffet places, the breakfast was delicious.
There was a variety of food, desserts, fruit, salads,etc.
too bad LA doesn't have a Golden Corral.
I would visit regularly!

5 star!!
The BEST Golden Corral and so reasonable at 17.64 lunch for two

My 6yr old loved it , we went for an early dinner Sunday night.
The food was fresh lots of selections.
It was nice to see the food being cooked and replenished as needed.
My 6 yr when we first sat down said he was going to eat all his dinner just so he could have cotton candy he was disappointed when he was told the machine was broken.
I had a taco salad and was suprised at how tasty the meat was unlike other buffets I have been to.
Good place when you want to please the child in your life on occasion.

Had lunch today with a group of 27 people in the private dining room.
Service was outstanding.
Food fresh and quality excellent.
Steak tips cooked perfectly.
White fish in butter sauce was wonderful.
Meat loaf kinda meh.
Drink refills kept on a-comin'.
And their chili is the first restaurant chili I've ever sampled that didn't look and taste like canned dog food and was, in fact, almost as good as what I make at home.
Tables, floors, serving areas, countertops, dinnerware and utensils are SPOTLESS!
I mention this, because the Golden Corral in Bakersfield, Calif., is not only crawling with red ink on Yelp, it's been shut down by the local health dept.
on more than one occasion, so I was really apprehensive about going into another Golden Corral.
I'd like to try breakfast some time and the AYCE steak, too.
Good job, Mesa GC folks.
You've earned 5 stars!

Nearly 2 years since my last update of this excellent Golden Corral location, it was a joy to find it even better than before.
(That's not always the case with these Valley Buffets!
)  This time I stopped in for lunch, joined by Robyn N., and first off they were all the way up to a record 173 food choces plus sauces & dressings.
Now they're only 5 items short of being the largest Buffet in Arizona!
*  Not only, that, the amazing array of (mostly) American food had each of us choosing to enjoy a little of just SOME of the many dishes that we really, really wanted to try this time!
The table service was great as well.
It's a real treat it is to eat here, and at $8.59/$7.89 Sr. the value is excellent too.
:-))  *  Pacific Seafood Buffet, Chandler and Glendale.

Golden Corral is usually a go to place if we want to hit a buffet.
This was the 1st time at this location as I've been to the Stapley one numerous times.
I honestly enjoyed this one a little bit more.
The food tasted a little different (in a good way).
It was during lunch time, so all the food choices weren't available.
I've noticed on this location, the salad bar area was a little different too.
It was better than Stapley and I could also make taco salads.
The buffet overall was relatively clean, could do a slight better job with the counters where the food is, but isn't disgusting to the point where you can't eat.
So I've come to the conclusion that if I want Golden Corral again, will probably go to this location

ugh not a fan :(

