Just another new breakfast / lunch spot in the Vegas Valley.
Of course, it's close to my old condo so i had to give it a try.
Ate there twice for breakfast while i was making the move - place was hoppin' ( it's in an industrial park area - most of the customers were workers in the area )   decent $2.95 breakfast - the usual 2 eggs, potatoes toast, bacon/sausage/ham.
Also tried their version of the grand slam - cost $5.95.
if in the area and need a quick bite at reasonable prices, i recommend.
Go out of your way for a special breakfast/lunch ?
not the place.
happy eating !

Work down the street.
I like to come here for some home cookin.
I prefer the open faced turkey sandwich meal.
its like $9.
My favorite thing about this place is that it had a sign that read something like: "We have to charge more for taxes because your elected officials are irresponsible"

I came here Saturday morning.
i was orig.
on my way to Dad's grilled Cheese but it was closed till 1030 and I wasnt about to wait an hr, er well guess 1 hr and 45 minutes - b/c all the yelpers said thats the wait time for that sandwhich.
We arrived here and it was the type of breakfast place that you dont have a waiter take your order but you order @ the front desk and pay there.
I went with the Greek Omlet - egg, spinach, tomatoes, peppers and (minus the onion) topped with Feta cheese.
OMG soooo good.
It came with side of hashbrowns or frenchfries.
I went w/ FF but they werent very good.
tasted like reheated but thats good b/c it also came with toast.. (just like you gotta pick your battles,... you gotta pick your carbs) My bf ordered the western omlet and it had ham, peppers, onions and of course his fav.. his own tabasco.
itw as good but not as good as mine.
To be honest I loved the wheat toast.. it was real wheat toast not the healthy stuff I buy @ home b/c its healthier.
LOL.
Our omlets were $6.95 and the perfect size.. not to big and not too small.
I'd def.
come back here if I was on the west side of town again.

I work very close to Mr. Mama's, close enough to walk there if I wanted to.
Thankfully I do not have to do that, as Mr. Mama's delivers ($15 minimum order)!
My boss bought breakfast for the office the other morning from Mr. Mama's.
I went with the egg and sausage breakfast sandwich ($3.25) with cheese added ($.75).
The breakfast sandwich was good, not really surprising though as it would have been hard to screw up such a simple order.
For a cheap and simple breakfast Mr. Mama's is good if you are in the neighborhood.

Great food.
Reasonable prices.
Service was a little slow.

Great food great service and a very nice owner.
He is a wicked good chef and makes everything feel like a home cooked meal.. Was impressed with sandwiches, gyro (rocked), and I had a meatball sub one day and it was great too.
Super clean and very reasonable on price and excellent quality.
Feels like a real restaurant experience but its more of a lunch place.
I haven't had the breakfast but I know it rocks.
A few people told me it was really good.
I will get there early one day!
Try it out.. authentic food and real ingredients..

We came to Mr Mamas based on yelp reviews.
The place is set in an industrial business strip.
If you didn't know the street number, I promise you that you will pass it up.
Mr. Mama is an eastern european guy who was friendly and ran the place.
Our breakfast dishes were good.
Not great.
I prefer this kind of place over places like Dennys or Micky D's.
I had the pancakes with eggs and sausage.
Hubby had a veggie omelet and we both enjoyed our meal.
Must say the place is pretty stark,  but the food was good and the dude was nice.

I was on vacation in Vegas last week and just did a quick Google search for breakfast locations on my phone.
After skipping over all of the chains (I hate them) and the really expensive locations in the major casinos/hotels, I found Mr. Mama's.
Although the location (in a strip mall) didn't really give the impression this was going to be a positive experience, I can gladly say first impressions are not everything.
As others have said, if you don't have the address already, you would likely pass it right by.
The restaurant is modestly decorated, but very spacious and clean!
The tables and chairs are nothing fancy (read: just plastic outdoor furniture), but the staff was friendly and the food was fantastic.
I had the veggie omelet with egg whites and hash browns.
Nothing fancy, again, but very well prepared and a great value for the money.
It was a two egg omelet with lots of veggies packed in.
Two others in my group had french toast (which I had to try) and it was also delightful.
Well prepared, sweet, not too sweet though.
Now my sister had the homemade biscuits and gravy, and let me tell you, they were FANTASTIC.
The owner stopped by and asked how everything was and mentioned that it was HIS recipe and wanted to know what we thought.
It was great.
The sausage seems to be more of a standard sausage, not breakfast sausage.
So there is a bit of a flavor difference, but it is different in a very GOOD way.
The biscuits were moist and fluffy.
I would highly recommend that dish.
Also, again, the owner came over several times to check on us, ask how the food was, and just chat a little bit.
When he asked how my omelet was, the cook (the kitchen is open to the dining area) asked what I said.
It gave me the impression that they all care about what the customers think and how they are doing their jobs.
I love that.
So again, I would highly recommend Mr. Mama's for food, value, and the hospitality!

My boyfriend and I discovered this place not to long ago being that it is close to his work, and we LOVE it.
I would highly suggest trying their gyros it is one of the best ive had in town, and keeps me coming back.
The staff is very friendly, the owner comes around often to check on the service and quality of the food.
The place it self is not overall fancy as far as painting and seating goes but it is comfortable and very clean.
No Complints Here :)

Great service, good food n very reasonable prices.
Highly recommended!
:-)

Good food, good service n good prices.
:-)

We stopped at this cute little place to see what it was like.
My boyfriend and I ordered the same thing.
Mr. Mama's French Toast.
It was so delicious.
I was FLOORED how perfectly cooked everything was the first time.
I'm so used to sending things back because it's raw or over cooked.
NOT HERE.
Great service, friendly smiles as you walk in.
If we're in the area, heck we might even go out of our way to go there, it's THAT GOOD.
The portions were excellent for a 7 dollar plate.
Two French toasts cut in half, cooked to golden perfection, confectionery sugar.
Not an over bearing amount of cinnamon either.
The sides choices are ham, bacon, or sausage for a choice.
We chose bacon, which I was surprised how long they were.
I was expecting like 2 small strips like most places.
Nope 3 long strips of bacon, and 3 eggs.

Delicious food, super friendly staff, clean and the BEST BREAKFAST BURRITOS in Las Vegas!!
Put another location on the east side of town and we'll eat there 3 times a week (at least) :)

GREAT food!!
EXCELLENT & FRIENDLY service!!
and SPEEDY deliveries!!
this place is a true gem!!
& FYI..
I've never taken the time to write a yelp review before, but after having the pleasure of dealing w/ Nick and his staff at Mr. Mama's i felt the need to write this.
(that says a lot!!

Great service, terrific value.
Clean kitchen in full view.
Highly recommend.

Have come in here 4-5 times and I can honestly say that they do make a really good omelet.
The staff is pretty friendly and the owner can usually be found in the back cooking.
The pancakes are as big as the plates so be warned.
One time I had asked for onions in my hash browns and when my breakfast came out there wasn't any onions in it.
Not a deal breaker, but the owner stopped over and asked how everything was.
I told him about the misstep and he had me another plate of hash browns with onions out in no time flat!
Nice.
I can certainly see myself coming back.

Great place.
Large portions.
Friendly, attentive staff.
Pancakes are rubbery and heavy not light and fluffy.
That is my only complaint.
Great off the strip alternative.

While in Vegas, we did a quick search for somewhere to get breakfast.
Mr. Mama's fit our criteria of being fairly close by, affordable, and having fairly decent reviews.
The location in a sort of random strip mall didn't inspire thoughts of the greatest meal, nor did the somewhat ordinary looking interior.
Thankfully I've learned not to judge a restaurant by its looks and Mr. Mamas did not disappoint.
Between the omelet,  pancakes, and french toast that was ordered at our table, nobody had any major complaints.
Given the atmosphere and the prices (which are very affordable), the food was probably better than we were expecting.
The side of toast could have used a bit more butter up front, but that's nothing a little extra jelly won't compensate for.
The service was friendly and attentive.
By the time we left they had a pretty decent crowd in there.
We considered stopping in for breakfast the next day, but slept a bit late and opted to just get on the road for home instead.
Next time we're in Vegas, though, we know where we'll be getting breakfast at least once.

Great food and delivery service.
Our company loves ordering from Mr. Mamas because they are fast, no minimum requirement, and the food is GREAT.

Had breakfast here before leaving Vegas and what a great find this was!
It's in an odd location in what look like a commercial strip mall so might be hard to notice.
The service is great, owner Nick is super friendly.
The food is your usually breakfast grub, and it's delicious!
We ordered the Denver Omelette, French Toast and Short Stack of Pancakes.
They were all really good and pretty big portions.
I am usually a small eater but I finished most of it.
So all in all, if you're looking for a good small business to support, this is definitely the place!

So we're in Vegas and the group asks, "hey, what's for breakfast?
" Well buffets out of the question and we weren't feeling the In Casino Cafe's so out comes the Iphone and Yelped.
On a side note, Can I get a shout out for Yelp!
Damn, seriously.
How did I ever survived without Yelp?
It's got everything you've ever need as far as getting info on nearby Eats.
There's folks that are still in the stone age era using the "yellow pages".
Who uses that anymore?
I get home, I see the new edition on my doorstep and out goes to the dumpster.
No need for that hunk of junk.
Now back to our regular scheduled program.
Read a few reviews on other restaurants and Mr. Mama's stood out.
Didn't have a ton of reviews or pictures but all were positives except one from Sam T. that gave 3 stars but his review was positive as he's gone there 4-5 times and the only part that didn't meet his expectation was his order didn't have onions as he requested.
But Nick (owner) followed through and granted his request.
So I think the 3 star rating was harsh and unwarranted.
Hope he reads this and corrects his rating.
I had the Mr. Mama's French toast and it came with eggs and Sausage/ham/bacon.
I chose the sausage.
The portions were plentiful and left me wanting for more.
My wife had the Denver Omelette and she loved every bit of it including what she called the Hash Browns... amazing.
Our waitress, Julie, was amazing and attentive.
Ear to ear smile and that gets contagious.
We almost wanted to give her a hug on the way out.
Weird?
or just great customer service that are hard to come by nowadays.
Nick, the owner as mentioned above was super cool.
He was in the process of updating his Yelp page as we were there and even surprised us with a complimentary dessert (Cinnamon Roll).
Thanks Nick!
So all in all, we had a great experience and will definitely be back whenever we're in town.
Mr. Mama's is now stamped in our routine books as we hope to be regulars.

We moved here from Maryland in October last year and were looking for a "favorite" place to eat just like back home.
We found it at Mr.Mama's.
From our first time there to today we are always greeted like family.The staff are efficient and friendly .
The food is homemade ,delicious, good size portions, and the price is very reasonable.
It's not fancy,and you can easily drive by due to it's location in a strip mall,however,you don't want to miss MrMama's .For us it's got a neighborhood vibe that keeps us coming back !
PS.
They also deliver!

Food is outstanding ....I had the Veggie Omelet and my wife had the French Toast.
If they had grits it would be perfect!!
Staff is great and so is the service.
We will be back next trip from NC.

Omelet was good, service was EXCEPTIONAL.
A+  They got free wi-fi too which was a plus, got some work done while munching :)

Come here a lot from LA and found you on Yelp, waitress and owner was very nice and food was very good, loved my biscuits and gravy :) will be back again.

Found this gem via Yelp while at CES.
What a find!
Great quality breakfast with smiling service from everyone.
Cinnamon french toast, 3 eggs and your choice of meat for $7.50.
Nuff said?
Lose the casino, patronize a local, and take in the no frill charm of a converted commercial space!

Service was great.
The food was good.
I would go there again

Awesome food!
I get to enjoy the amazing food and staff several times a week and have never left disappointed!
Oh!
And Shawn in delivery rocks!

BREAKFAST REVIEW: Me and the gf found this place through Yelp.
I had the pancakes and she had the French toast.
The pancakes were just like what you would get out of the package at McDonalds.
The French toast was excellent.
I also got the veggie omelette...devoid of any flavor.
At least it was good for me.
The service and friendliness was off the charts.
The sausage patties were seasoned and tasty.
I would not go out of my way to visit this place, but it's right for the money.

The staff was very courteous and friendly.
The food was good but I was looking for something better than ok.
I love breakfast and I was hoping that they had specialties but they did have pancakes and the kids did like it.
The decor is awfully blue and I didn't quite understand it, it's really smurfy blue with patio furniture.
But food was cheap and very fulfilling, it's just lacking a cozy feel.

The food is simple, basic & good.
The service is amazing!!
The owner personally greets you and checks to make sure you have everything you need.
Really great service.

Vegas was our last stop on the way home from a long 2,000 miles road trip.
We did not expect to eat anything exciting on our last leg of the trip home to Bay Area.
I was not even looking for breakfast since we gonna have lunch at Bakersfield.
But since the drive is 5 hrs away I though we better have some breakfast to start the trip home.
Looking around Yelp, being me, always on the hunt for hole in the wall local eatery I stumble upon Mr. Mama when I select filter $ for price and best rating.
The deal was even sweeter with the restaurant special promo.
So it was like half $, I was thinking if I got burn by Yelp youngster review, then oh well, who care it didn't cost much.
The place is locate on main street in the middle of a industrial/commercial/office retails.
Thanks to my silly Waze GPS, the uncooperative software showed the location of the restaurant on the opposite side of the road.
It takes me 2 detour to find the restaurant.
We was seated right way as soon as we entered the restaurant.
Our server, Julie (I hope I got her name right after 11 hrs of driving) was prompt and courteous.
Due to my clumsiness, I dropped our silverware, and BAM, like a ninja, without asking Julie come right to the table with new silverware within 10 seconds (no joke, she was that fast).
We ordered our food, and drinks.
I hope they didn't think that we was rude when we asked for hot water to mix our super strong Vietnamese coffee, since we didn't order coffee from the restaurant.
It takes about 15 mins for all of our food to arrived.
We ordered Steak n' Eggs, Chicken Fried Steak, Mama French Toast, and Sausages and Eggs, stuff that you would expect to get at any breakfast joint.
Our food portion was larger than normal breakfast restaurant especially with the price they are charging.
Without further ado let me go into the food quality.
Our over-easy eggs was perfectly cooked, no burning at the rim, the yoke was oozing and creamy.
The steak also cook as we instructed and tender.
Harsh-brown has nice crunch and French Toast on point and fragrant.
The French Toast has a rich cinnamon aroma to it and deserved to be one of the better slide I've ever had.
Chicken Fried Steak and gravy was amazing, and best of all, none of the frying stuff was greasy, including home fried.
The food simply good, and a lot of it.
I guess they must have been part of feed America program, the owner send out complimentary cinnamon bun for our table.
To top it off our server asked to refill my OJ, this will be the first breakfast restaurant offered to refill my OJ, simply WOW (funny how I ordered 2 OJ since I didn't know they refill OJ)  Some of other reviewer also mention about the level of outstanding service Mr. Mama has.
They are all correct.
I think people who have the "LOVE" for whatever they are doing will provide you the outstanding service, simply because they love what they are doing.
It shows from the owner to the server.
The owner did come out and chat with us for a min or two.
After chatting with him, he reveals that he was Greek descendant, which explains the blue floor to ceiling wall.
It's Santorini Blue for those who could not make the connection.
I would think it would be nicer if they have some white table or stuff just to enhance the blue.
When ranking food quality for the amount they are charging, it is by far the best food quality vs price.
You could go to fancy breakfast restaurant and spend twice as much to get about the same enjoyment without the family, friendly of mom and pop shop where every customer is matter, where every meal is matter, where the word of mouth is how a business survive and thrive.
All I could do to support their commitment by patronize the local business spread the words about their great food and left the restaurant with a full stomach (until 10 hours latter, as we did skip lunch at Bakersfield on the way back home.

Chicken-fried steak and French toast were great, as was the service!

This place was awesome.
Great prices and amazing food.
The burger was hand made with a subtle blend of herbs.
You can see where they make your food, which is super-clean.
Everyone was super nice including our server Jenna.
I would recommend this to a friend.
Oh, and they let you substitute things, switch things up, chose whichever cheese you want and how well done you want your burger.
Eat here, you won't regret it.

Truly lived up to the hype.
We sat with 9 people and every meal was the rave of the table.
The place was busy and the service was still exceptional.
Good job to mr mamas, we will go back every time we're in town.

Friendly staff, though seemingly understaffed the morning we were there - ~2 servers trying to deal with a full house meant we waited a while to pay.
Large portions, 4-egg veggie omelet was awesome, coffee was decent.
Great prices for the high food quality.
Took advantage of a $20 for $10 Yelp deal that made it an even better deal.
Definitely recommended.

Mr. Mama's was our last shot at breakfast before we headed back home from our Vegas vacation.
We had struck out at the last four places we tried, but had some hope based on the yelp reviews.
From arrival to departure, everything was great.
This seems to be a family run business.
Kathy, our server was wonderful.
She was on top of our drink refills, checked in every once in a while to see if we needed anything.
Asked for our suggestions, honest opinions about the food, what could be/needed to be changed if anything.
The food was great.
My husband got an omelette and I got pancakes, eggs, and ham.
Too bad we found this spot on the last day we were in Vegas, or else we would've gone there more.
But we will definitely be visiting again on our next trip to Vegas!
Thanks Kathy!

This place was great!
The owner entertained us and the food was excellent.
We will use again when we are tired of overpriced strip food.

Everything was just as we expected it would be, given the great reviews on yelp.
The service was great, food was delicious, portions were big, but not HUGE.
We took advantage of the $10 for $20 yelp special & were really happy with the ease of redeeming it.
Some servers (at other places) are not on board with whatever promo the owners are using & make you really feel uncomfortable when you present them with your phone or coupon code, but our server was more than helpful, attentive, and very gracious.
We will be back when we visit & definitely spread the word!

Great service, great food, and best price in town.
Get the Yelp deal!
$10 for $20 of food!
I love the commercial area that it's in, its a hidden gem.
By the time we left, we felt as family!
Will return here.

Very friendly service and good food!

I went here for breakfast with my husband and it was good.
The service is exceptional and the owner is very nice.

Food was really good.
Service was excellent.
Prices were extremely affordable.
Will definitely go back.

Mama's food is good..
I love how their prices are very reasonable than other breakfast places like IHOP or Hash-Go-Go, especially the French Toasts ($3.75) for 2 pieces, but it comes in 4 slices.
I ordered the omelette ($7), I personally think it has too much Italian cilantro on the top, but I guess this is their Greek style.
I loved the Philly Cheese Steak ($7ish) ~ Excellent & Yum!
All staffs are nice & friendly!
I'd def.
recommend friends to go there!

This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Julie and Mike were super nice and made my girlfriend and I feel welcome on  our first visit to Mr Mama's.
The food was all homemade and reminded me of a diner back home in Buffalo.
You know, a back east kinda thing.
I will be back many times soon.

Price was right!
Food hit the spot.
Great service.

All is well over at Mr. Mamas.
I've passed this place dozens of times for the last year or so, and have always wanted to try it.
It never popped into my head though when thinking of a place to eat.
But, finally, when craving breakfast food last week, I remembered and stopped by.
Still on my mission to find the best chicken fried steak in Las Vegas, I closed my menu as soon as I saw it on there.
Easy choice.
Upon ordering, the waitress asked me to try the homemade gravy sauce that was to be smothered on my CFS before I ordered it.
She informed me that their gravy in particular contained a little but of honey and wanted to make sure I would like it before I ate my meal.
How very nice !
I did indeed end up liking it, and stuck to my order.
As far as the food went, it was pretty good.
The sweetness of the gray paired well with the savoryness of the CFS.
The batter was good and crispy and thin.
The scrambled eggs were cooked great.
Was it the best CFS I've had in Vegas so far ?
Nah, but it'll go to the near top of my list.
All in all, I'd go back.
I definitely want to try some other things and I can't get enough breakfast foods.
Service was also great.
My coffee never went below half and all the waitresses had smiles on their faces.
See you soon, Mr. Mama.

We saw the great reviews for this place and decided to check it out last Sunday morning since it's right down the street.
My hubby was hesitant at first because its location is not where you would think a good breakfast place would be (it's in a strip mall next to a faucet store and a hardware shop).
The moment we walked in we received top notch service.
The kitchen is behind an open counter and all of the guys behind it said hello and welcomed us.
There were about 5 other tables but one was like a party of 10 plus.
We sat next to a table of a couple who apparently were regulars because both waitresses referred to them by name and gave them an affectionate hug and "how have you been".
All good signs.
My husband ordered the chicken fried steak and I took the waitresses advice and ordered a daily special - the breakfast sandwich and beverage for 7.25.
I had went online took advantage of Yelp's 10 for 20 deal but our bill only came to 19 bucks so I didn't.
The steak looked awesome and the gravy looked delicious.
The hubby ate it right up.
He said that he like it - it wasn't too greasy or fatty and the gravy was great.
My sandwich was quite yummy - but the bacon was the chewy kind - not the crisp kind like I like...but my honey told me that he prefers the chewy kind (I learned something new :) so no fault there.
I must say I really enjoyed the coffee and I'm quite the coffee snob!
My only complaint was the eggs were underseasoned - both mine and his but nothing horrible - they were definitely cooked perfectly.
I thoroughly enjoyed when the owner\manager guy came by and asked us how the food was.
He ended it with a sincere "I appreciate you guys, Thank you".
And for whatever reason -- I really believed the guy -- he seemed like he really meant it!!
Plus the waitress was really on it and she even said, "did yelp bring you guys in" and we were like yes...
I still can't figure out how she knew that.....lol   We are definitely coming back.
The hubby was drooling over the Mama's burger pictures so we are itching to use the coupon for a big lunch.
The price, service, and food were top notch and we are looking forward to coming back!
Definitely recommend!

Great friendly atmosphere.
Family owned and operated.
Good food.
Large Portions.
Clean.

I was in town for a softball tourney and like I always do...I try to eat at a few different places local to the area.
I looked up a good breakfast place and this place looked perfect!
Location is in a strip mall which seemed kinda weird...but hey...it got good reviews so I wanted to try.
Good food, excellent friendly service (which is actually very hard to come by nowadays), and all for a really good price.
Highly recommend!

What a nice surprise this place was.
We were looking for a place away from the strip for a nice breakfast, nothing fancy just quality food.
This place had great food, great service and really fair prices!
Highly recommended!

Great wait staff and good food.
The short stack is great and the omelettes are freaking huge.
As a matter of fact, all the meals are enormous.
Bring your appetit and your A-game!

On this last trip to Las Vegas we decided to try all the local favorites and let me just tell you, Mr. Mama's will be a return stop for us the next time we're in Vegas.
Forget the overpriced casino buffets!
The food here is GREAT and priced right!
Be bold and escape the strip and those over priced and buffets!!
Go see Mr. Mama's!
You won't be disappointed!

Good Food.
Good service, quality.
We liked it.. pretty basic 'breakfast-all-day' kind of place located in a strip mall area off of Decatur.. they also serve other items like burgers, salads and sandwiches.
Also .. it's easy to miss but keep your eyes peeled!
its between a few non-food establishments.
We had a Yelp '$10 for $20' voucher.. the meal for 2 of us with Orange juice, and 2 breakfasts was about $16.. so it was covered!
Happy Eating to You!

I searched for well rated breakfasts in Las Vegas and I think this was the top hit for central Vegas.
The reviews were right on the money.
An added bonus was the $20 for $10 yelp deal.
It's in a industrial oriented strip mall on south decatur right off of the 215.
It's clean inside and the staff is friendly.
I read in previous reviews that you order at the counter.
This is only true for take out now.
Since it was purchased a year ago, the new owners have changed a lot of things, our waitress said.
One of which was table service.
So now you sit where you like and order from the menu with a waitress.
Nice.
The chairs are patio chairs but it's okay.
Mainly because I expected a nice little hole in the wall with good food and great prices.
That's exactly what I got!
Great little place.
Down home cooking.
Comfort food.
I had the chicken fried steak special which came with my drink.
I think it was $10.50 or $10.25.
My son had the corned beef sandwich.
I also ordered decaf coffee and they brewed a new pot for me.
Refills were plentiful and quick.
We didn't need to call our waitress for anything and the kitchen got our orders perfect.
There is a TV with captions on for watching the news when you're eating breakfast.
I always like that.
It was constant traffic the entire time we ate there.
Pretty popular and that's a good sign.
I hope they're around for a long time, I would love to come back.
They're only open for breakfast and lunch.
Both dishes come to the table steaming hot, and with nice portions.
Everything was nicely seasoned.
I added a little salt and pepper because I always do anyways.
They also had tapatio, ketchup and tabasco at table.
Btw for the coffee, they had vanilla creamer as well as regular.
The decaf is the sort of coffee with a sharper bite.
I don't drink regular coffee anymore so it was nice finding decaf with some substance.
Not the stuff that goes down mild without any taste.
It was good and even better with the vanilla creamer.
The gravy over my chicken fried steak was tasty.
Lots of chunks of sausage.
The breading on the steak was nice and crispy.
Not greasy.
Big points for that.
I ordered my eggs over medium.
They got that right as well.
I hate eggs that still have a little sliminess in the whites.
So it was brilliant.
If you're coming in with the yelp deal as I did, it's actually hard to use up all of the $20 bucks.
I ordered one of the most expensive things on the menu.
Drinks are $2.25.
Sodas and coffee..etc.
Most things range between $6-8 dollars for nice big meals.
I would come here without a yelp deal and pay regular prices, it's on our list of places to eat now when we're on that side of town.

food is good, and service was really great!
we changed our order last min and they were able to accommodate us with no problems.
the country fried steak was delicious!
with the $20 for $10 deal it is just icing on the cake!

So after losing all my money on the strip (damn you, 3-card poker) my friend and I decided to save some money on breakfast.
Mr. Mama's did not disappoint.
We had a yelp deal for $20 worth of food for $10.
It was awesome.
I had the french toast with eggs and sausage.
The toast was fluffy and the sausages were pattys, mmm deliscious.
My friend had the western omlet and she loved it!!
Our total breakfast with drinks came out to $17.
We left satisfied.
The staff was friendly and we got our food pretty quickly.
Regardless if I'm winning or losing, I will definitely be coming back her for breakfast or lunch during my next trip to vegas.

The best small breakfast diner in Las Vegas.
Not your typical casino meal.
It is a little out if the way but worth making the drive.
The staff there actually cares about what they do and how they treat their customers.
The prices are great and the food has actual home cook flavor, and not the mass production feel to it.
I would recommend this place to anyone that is visiting and or local to the area.

Chicken fried steak was very awesome...sausage gravy with maple...great combo.
Kathy was a great server too!
You can't beat the yelp offer and the fresh coffee.

The food was fantastic, and it was cooked and served promptly.
My husband was skeptical and wanted to eat on the strip, but I saw the reviews and photos and knew we have to give it a try.
He is now a believer and Mr. mamas fan.
The waitress was excellent, the entire staff was extremely attentive and friendly.
A nice bonus was the free wi-fi.

awesome food and the service is amazing.
the owner is very friendly and interactive with customers.
prices are very reasonable and the portions are perfect.
will use this as my breakfast place from now on.

Clean and Cozy!
Great deal and super friendly owner.
Plus, the food was outstanding.
Thanks so much everyone at Mr. Mama's

Friendly service but the food was not impressive.
Won't say it was bad but wasn't impressive.
My side salad was like eating a head of lettuce.
Gyro was okay.
The $20 for $10 deal was worth a cheap meal for 2 but I probably won't go back.

Great food, great service.
Much better than eating on the strip.
We ordered the Greek omelet and Reuben sandwich with soup and coffies.
The omelet was one of the best I've ever had!
It had a lot of garlic and the veggies were so fresh.
My husband thought the Reuben was better than every place he's tried in New York.
We also got a cup of beef and veggie soup that came with the sandwich, and it was packed with juicy pieces of beef.
You could tell the soup was freshly made.
Overall we really enjoyed our meal.
Everything came out to less than $18 which is amazing.
Definitely give this place a try!

Found this on Yelp and thought I would give it a try since it was nearby and highly rated.
The place is in a commercial area and seemed out of place in the blue collar area.
It actually fits in perfectly.
We were greeted immediately upon entering by the friendly staff.
The food is all made fresh and on the premises.
I had pancakes, bacon, eggs, and a side of biscuits and gravy.
All of it was great.
My friend had the Cali omelette and he loved it as well.
The place is clean, friendly, and does have great food.
I saw the Yelp gift certificate that allowed me to by a $20 GC for $10.
I bought it at the table and paid with it on the spot.
This is a gem.
I will be back to visit.

Very friendly personalized service.
These people are very interested in having a sucessful restaurant.
Good food.
Good price.
Not too difficult for a tourist with a rental car to find.
Good alternative to the buffets on the strip.
We ate a variety of breakfast foods, all were good (2 omelets, taco salad--yes, my husband had a taco salad for breakfast).
Large portions.
the $10 yelp deal made it a great price.

Great food!
Amazing staff and cool space!
We'll definitely come back next time we're in Vegas!
Totally recommend for a great simple tasty breakfast:)

Excellent food and service.
Highly recommend.
Nice people, clean place.
I would definetly return

The best!!!
It's cheap and delicious!!
It may not look like much on the outside, but damn can they cook!!!!
Buttermilk pancakes made from scratch, and a fantastic staff!!!
Next time we're in town we will be back!

So, Vegas...ahhh, Vegas.
I was a regular in Vegas in my single years, so I never spent money on entrance fees or drinks.
Now that I am on lockdown, my man had to spend a pretty penny for drinks and entrance fees.
But this was his first time out on the town with ME so I had to show him a great time.
Mission accomplished.
We ended up staying up through the night until morning so we decided to look for a breakfast spot that had great Yelp reviews and was a good price.
Thank goodness for Yelp because we found Mr. Mama's.
This restaurant is located a couple miles from the strip, so we hopped in our new Vegas friends' car and came to this industrial plaza.
Don't be fooled, it is a mom n' pop shop inside.
The staff was super friendly and knew we found them on Yelp (they said a majority of customers are referred from Yelp).
OMG, chicken fried steak and eggs -over easy- hit the spot!!
Had some coffee and used the Yelp deal to pay for our meal and a Vegas couple we became friends with.
It was delicious, staff was awesome what more could you ask for!

In Vegas on a motorcycle trip and stopped here for breakfast.
This place was just great.
Good food, great service, relaxed feel - I would go back.
Service was excellent.

Well, it was a very late morning breakfast, so the staff may have just been recovering from a busy morning, but the service was not great.
Took a while to even get place settings.
The food was okay, but I was expecting better after seeing all the 4 star reviews.

Cheap...
But very good food...
The portion sizes are great!

Great place for a simple yummy breakfast.
Good service.

Food and Service with a smile.
I had the French toast breakfast bacon was crispy just how I ordered it....Bf had the skirt Stack with ham very good.....

Just discovered this place today thanks to the stars given and reviews by you Yelpers out there and I gotta say that this is THEEEEE BEST place for breakfast in Vegas.
Clean, great food at a great price and the friendliest service.
Couldn't be happier for this find.
Definitely a spot I will have to eat at least once every time I visit Vegas from now on.

Great value and great service!
It's a no frills B fast spot with great drip coffee that's kept filled all meal long.
If you are visiting the strip it's a very short drive.
I would'nt recommend taking a taxi because the cabs rape you and you may explode in the event of a fender bender.
Atmosphere is preventing a 5 star due to bright blue wall and plastic chairs.

Yeah yeah yeah!!
Love this place.
The staff is amazing, the food is fantastic (home-cooked-meal good), and the inside is just a great place to hang out and enjoy some free time!
It just puts a smile on your face!
Man, just thinking about this place...
I know where I'm going to brunch today!

I think I found my new go to breakfast spot!
Staff friendly, food is really good even for just basic eggs and bacon.
Sausage patties take the cake and the French toast was well worth the calories!
Bill was only 15$ for 2 even better!
If your haven't tried Mr. Mama's yet I don't know what your waiting for.

Great food, great prices, fantastic service!
Highly recommend this spot if you are looking for a fairly priced delicious breakfast... and no slot machines ringing in your ears while you eat

I went with my wife and best friend this morning based on the Yelp reviews.
The service was top notch and clean.
The owner greets you when you walk in and the wait staff is both expedient and courteous.
The coffee and the homefries are very good here.
You cannot beat the prices and don't let the location fool you.
The fact that it isn't on the strip means the prices aren't inflated.
The owner is from Michigan and this place serves hot, fresh comfort food.
I ordered the steak and eggs and was impressed.
We are actually going back later this week.
Unless you are brain dead, there is no way you can dislike this restaurant!
The owner clearly knows how to operate a business.
My wife, best friend and I returned on 4-20 for an early Saturday breakfast.
I ordered the Cali Omelet.
This was the best omelet that I've ever had!
Again, Nick (owner) was in the kitchen cooking.
This guy is all over the place coming around to tables and greeting as well.
The wait staff was very friendly.
After 30 minutes, the waitress offered to refill my cup of coffee 5 times.
This never happens for me.
I will come back to Vegas some day and I will be taking my business back there.

My 4 friends (all guys, 21-37) and I took our first trip to Vegas this weekend.
We stayed right in the strip, and was not interested in paying $30 for eggs and toast.
So we found Big Mamas on yelp, and let me tell you, it is hands down the best home cooked breakfast food I found in a long time.
We were in Vegas 4 days and loved mr. Mamas so much we ate there every morning, Nick the owner remembered us the second morning.
He has a great owner and you can tell he loves his restaurant and staff.
He walks around from table to table thanking everyone for coming in and insuring that their meal is to their liking.
We had a car, driving took us about 5 minutes from the strip, one day I overslept and my friends left me so I took a cab, it ran me $10, which was worth it for their "Cali omelet"   Our first waitress we had was Yota, it's actually a longer name than that but she laughed at me because I couldn't say it.
Yota is Greek with a beautiful accent, she is super personable and make you feel like family.
We only had her one day but went back because of her.
The last 3 days we had Julie, who is just as sweet as Yota.
Julie brings her son to work each weekend,to teach him responsibility!
What a great mom!!!
Her daughter also works In the kitchen.
She had our orders down pat day after day!
The restaurant itself is in an industrial type space with is decorated with bright blue walls and colourful table tops, makes it so home like.
THIS IS A MUST DO IN VEGAS!!
Don't pay for over priced food in Vegas when you can eat at mr. Mamas  To Julie, Yota, Nick, and the whole staff, thank you for being you!
Our trip was made more memorable by all of you and your cooking, we will be back!!
The east coast boys!

Very friendly and food was delicious.. Will be back next time in Vegas for sure!

Awesome omelets, delicious bacon, cheap prices and excellent service.
This place is a throwback to the days of old when folks took pride in their daily work.
The owner Nick stopped by to introduce himself and his home cooking philosophy.
You will be hard pressed to find a better breakfast anywhere.

love the people here....soooo nice!!!
being from LA being greeted and made to feel soooo welcome is awesome.
mentioned it was my daughters bday and the sweet gentleman gave her a cinnamon roll.
its a calm feeling in here even with it packed...feels like visiting family... Thee best place to bring your family, everything was wonderful!

HORRIBLE service!
Do not go here if you value customer service.
The manager  pr owner (not sure which one he was) was very confrontational after we decided to leave and even followed us out with a smart "have a great day"!
We just continued walking out and kept it classy.
DO NOT GO HERE!!

if you know me then you'll know breakfast is my favorite meal of the day.
In fact i'll have it at any meal of the day.
Egg and I was the first choice but the place was shut down because a car drove into the restaurant which lead me to my second choice Mama.
Service was great!
very accommodating and always asked if everything is good.
The hash browns was crunchy and good seriously the best breakfast place I've been in Vegas.
This is a standard breakfast place which i would compare to a Diner at best but with great service and good food it is way above the standard diner fare breakfast.
Great job!

French toast was amazing portions and price good great customer service

We were tipped off by a local about this place after working a freelance job in the area.
It's really a great hole-in-the-wall.
We arrived for lunch seconds before they closed (they serve breakfast and lunch only).
The kitchen seemed less than pleased (turn off that "open" sign!
) but we were warmly welcomed by both our waitress and the owner.
I ordered a pastrami on rye.
It was a very good sandwich, although the pastrami wasn't stacked high like a deli would do it.
After my first bite I thought it lacked something.
Seeing a bottle of mustard on the table it clicked that this was the missing condiment.
After spreading some mustard on the marble rye I was quite satisfied.
The owner spent some time with us, telling the stories behind some of the pictures on the wall.
He was a very congenial fellow and we enjoyed the tales of his family history.
Prices were fantastic.
The food and service was great.
But...uh-oh..the bathroom was rather messy with garbage overflowing and toilet paper all over the floor (yelp removed my photo - see below).
Mr. Mama's is not conveniently located to the Strip but worth the short drive if you want inexpensive delicious food.
***Hi there,  We wanted to let you know that we have removed one of your photos of Mr. Mama's.
We encourage users to post business photos that are broadly representative of the business, while sharing their personal experience with that business in a review.
In this case we thought that your photo looked more like it captured your personal experience.
Thanks for understanding, and we'll see you on Yelp!
Regards, Clarence Yelp User Support San Francisco, California

While visiting Vegas (5 of us) we decided not to spend so much money on the strip for a buffet breakfast/lunch.
Some of us ordered breakfast and some lunch.
They were both excellent.
There was nothing that was greasy.
Breakfast was awesome.
The owner told us he had just made fresh clam chowder from scratch.
It was delicious.
The prices were very reasonable.
The owner goes around and talks to the patrons and makes sure everything is to their liking.
Even the coffee was good.
Try it you'll like it and save yourself a bunch of money.

You can't go wrong with Mr Mama's!
We had breakfast here 2 days in a row, a group of 5.
Food, service, staff and value were fantastic!
If you like a hearty flavorful breakfast try the Greek omelet.
Absolutely DELISH!

Small quaint place with great atmosphere.
Staff was very friendly and energetic.
Breakfast was excellent fast service and the owner (Nick) was very accommodating.

"First time here after Yelp reviews.
We had a party of six during busy breakfast hour on a Saturday.
Staff was very accommodating in getting us seated with very friendly service and excellent food.

A favorite new place breakfast, try the chicken fried steak and eggs.
Great service a large portions.

Cheap good eats!
Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and Mr.Mama's does it right!
I've only eaten there a few times so far but I must say, it's amazing!
I'm writing this right after I just had the best omelet of my life.
I had their Cali omelet this morning and WHOA.
Didn't even use any ketchup or hot sauce on it.
You can tell the ingredients were super fresh.
I was watching the guys in the kitchen work and they were very detailed with their cooking!
I have yet to try their lunch, but soon will.
The owner Nick is super friendly every time I've came in for a pickup and treats you like family.
I've been to every breakfast spot in a 5 mile radius from here and this place tops them all!
Do yourself a favor and give them a visit!

Oh yum yum yum!
This spot is my new favorite breakfast spot!
Omelette and hash browns were scrumdelicious.
Will be back often.

Yelp did it again they did not let me down.
I was hungry for breakfast and did not want the usal buffet.
when i drove up and the sign said serving breakfast all day.....YES...The services was great and friendly and the parking was easy to find.
The food was flavorful and delicious.....for the visitors when you are in vegas and you get tired of the buffets you have to try Mr Mama's you will not be disappointed.... to all locals this is a great place....Enjoy....

From the greeting upon entering, to the knowledgeable and attentive staff, everything was excellent about this visit.
The customer service is over the top and a fresh treat when so many other places in Vegas do not care about their customers.
The meals were prepared very well, and  the owner even visited with us several times to make sure that everything was to our liking!
Great fod, great service!

I enjoyed my experience at Mr. Mama's.
The food was good, the staff were attentive and friendly and the atmosphere had a family business feel.
I was drawn to Mr. Mama's by their high yelp reviews and their affordability (only "$").
I met a friend there for breakfast and we were immediately greeted by our waitress.
I cannot remember her name, but she was very attentive and patient with us.
We were a little indecisive with what to order and she recommended getting their omelets and their french toast.
We both ordered omelets and they were both delicious.
I cannot remember what my friend ordered, but I ordered the "Spanish Omelet" and I was thoroughly satisfied.
The hash browns were crispy, but not too crispy and the portions were pretty big.
I also ordered a coffee and it ended up being free, because they have a yelp deal for a free beverage if you check in.
The owner came around and talk to us.
He was very friendly and when we told him that we find out about them on Yelp, he would make jokes about if they lived up to their yelp standards.
Overall the experience was very pleasant.
I think the menu is decently priced, and the staff is more than accommodating.
The only thing that I am not too crazy about is the location.
It is nestled in an area where majority of the businesses around them are automotive repair and parts shops.
I missed it the first time trying to find it.
I can see the convenience of it though for their patrons who from out of town or on the strip, because it is near a I-15 Freeway entrance.
However, despite the location, I think I will come back again and I would recommend other to check it out as well.

I was in Vegas for a bachelorette and we wanted a quick cheap breakfast on the way out of town without the typical casino cafe lines.
I found this place on yelp and I'm so glad I did!
It's definitely out of place in the middle of strip mall full of hardware stores but really cute inside and worth the few mile drive off the strip.
We were greeted immediately and seated the second a table got cleared.
The waitresses were super attentive and knowledgable about the food.
The man who I'm guessing was the manager checked in on us numerous times.
The waters and coffee were constantly refilled.
It took a bit to get the food but it was crowded.
The food was totally worth it.
Our group got the chicken fried steak and eggs, french toast, and a spanish omelette.
The portions were big and everything was terrific!
I will definitely be coming back next time i'm in town :)

Very friendly staff....food was awesome !!

I visited again for breakfast and had a great meal but was very disappointed with the fruit side dish.
I was unable to even poke into the fruit cubes with my fork.
Apparently they are using a low quality processed canned product rather than actual fresh fruit.
So if you want real "fresh" fruit with your breakfast I would recommend the Daily Egg a little further north on Decatur.
Their fruit is excellent - actual FRESH fruit.

In Vegas for business and searched for a top-rated breakfast place off the strip.
Picked Mr Mamas based on it's Yelp reviews.
So glad I did.
Loved it.!
In fact, I went twice in one week.
The Greek Omelet was amazing.
So fresh and full of great spices.
Service was fabulous and owner was super friendly and extremely appreciative of my business.

Great breakfast.
One of the best Chicken Fried Steaks I have had.
About 5 minutes off the strip on Decatur .
Nice owner, stopped by the table to make sure everything was okay.
Sure beats the food on the strip.
Update: Breakfast was so good we went back for lunch.
My wife had a great Cheese steak and Onion Rings and I had a Mr. mamas burger (1 Pound).
Both were excellent.
One thing we noticed just sitting there.
Do you ever notice how they usually clean a table in a cafe.
Just wife off the table right where the people were sitting.
At Mr Momas we watched them take everything off the table, then wipe it down and then dry it off.
Each and every table, each time someone got up and left.
If they are that worried about clean tables I am sure their kitchen is just as clean.

Met my daughter and a friend there for breakfast it was great would recommend it to anyone Very friendly service was excellent will definitely go back steak and eggs cooked to perfection

I had wrote a little tip but now I want to write a review ...
I had a piece of French toast a pancake and soft scrambled eggs and I have never tasted anything better ...
Except my grandmas French toast... My friend had the Mamas burger and said it was delicious and he wasn't expecting it to be so good!
I live in LA and I wish I had this restaurant in my basement!
This will definitely be the spot I go to when I visit Vegas again.

We found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.
The servers were very nice and the food was tasty.
The owner came over and talked to us to ensure that everything was to our liking, and it was.
Our drinks were never empty and the portions were very good for the price.
This place is worth the drive off the strip if you don't want to deal with the price and hassle of eating at a casino.
We will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas!

overly friendly and helpful staff.
great food and great prices.
thanks yep

good price for our food.

The nicest staff you will ever meet!
Genuinely greeted by everyone that worked there, all smiles, same thing when we left.
Denver omelet was great, cheese both inside and on top.
French Toast was also great!
Highly recommend to anyone.

From the outside you wouldn't think much of the place, but it was a nice feel inside and is clean.
All the staff were very friendly not just to the customers, but to each other and the owner came out and was conversing and socialising with a few patrons for a bit.
The service was prompt and polite.
We both ordered omelets after getting some good info from our waitress and after devouring our meal we were pleasantly surprised to find that our bill was only about $16.
I definitely recommend this place.

Excellent food & service is extremely friendly!!!
Will definitely come here again on our next trip to Vegas!!

Our group stopped here for breakfast, while en route to Los Angeles returning from a 5 day motorcycle tour of Southern Utah.
We left Cedar City Utah at 6am and searched Yelp for a good breakfast spot in Vegas.
Based on the high ratings, we decided to try Mr. Mama's.
It's located about 1 mile west of the 15 Fwy.
Upon our arrival, we were greeted at the door by a very friendly staff who seated us immediately.
The place was very busy, but our coffee mugs were filled and orders taken pronto!
We ordered omelets, pancakes, bacon and eggs, etc.
Food arrived quickly, portion sizes were huge, and everything was very tasty.
Service was stellar and coffee cups never ran dry.
What more can a bunch of bikers ask for?
Thanks Yelp!
...you didn't disappoint!

If you're in Vegas and are looking for some good home-style breakfast this place is the place to be!
Unbelievably friendly staff and got a chance to chat with the owner... Great guy!
Wish him the best!
Ended up going there twice in my 4 days in Vegas!

Pros: - Tons of parking - Friendly service - Large portions - $ - Chicken steak, hash browns, eggs, pancakes are all decent - Check in to receive a free beverage  Cons: - Large parties must beware of a 20 - 30 minute wait minimum during Sunday breakfast/brunch/lunch hour

Went here because the great reviews!
I went with my three kids who r 6, 2 & 1... we waited for 45 min plus for our food to come out.
The server was great but the owner suck ass.
He cooks the phone orders first then to cook customer orders who r seating at his restaurant.
No sorry, no nothing.
He still rather do the togo orders first.
So, we waited & waited food came out half cooked or messed up.
Soup came out so salty had to return it.
So upset my kids end up not eating for 45 min.

We had the California Omelet and the Spinach Omelet along with home fries and hash browns and couldn't help but appreciate the freshness and great taste of the whole meal.
The staff is responsive and their customer service was very much appreciated.
This definitely beats the long lines at IHOP, Denny's and not to mention Mr Mama's service knocks those other places out of the park.
Prices are very reasonable here.
When I come back to Las Vegas, I'll be sure to come back to Mr Mama's.

We wanted to go to a place away from the strip.
I'm sooooo happy we've found this no nonsense eatery.
Plenty of great food, friendly and superb service.

We ate here Sunday for breakfast.
The food was a great price, and large portions, but they put these spices / seasonings throughout my entire order of omelet and hashbrowns.
It made it difficult to even taste the eggs or potatoes it was way too overwhelming.
I looked at the menu and nowhere in the ingredients did it list that they would be dousing my food with green spices.
I would go back but would definitely be asking not to add all that stuff to it.
Worth a second try.

Well the greek salad is the bomb as far as i'm concerned i eat it prob 2 times a week and evrybody is friendly and very attentive to customers needs!!!
As well as the owner Nick he is always going around to all the tables and talking and making sure all needs are met and his employees are doing a good job!!!
I will continue going down for lunch and I've had many breakfasts that were the best if for no other reason than the scrambled eggs are so fluffy and tasty i could just go in and have a plate of them!!!
thanks Mr. mama's for good job !!!

love this place.
cheap deals, great food, friendly service.
kind of off the beaten path for vegas, but if you are looking for something tasty and cheap thats crowd-free, this is a great spot.

I ran across Mr. Mama's on yelp today, and I have to say I really enjoyed it.
The food was good and it was a very friendly environment.
It was busier than I expected by its location.
This place is a hidden gem on the south side of town.
I really enjoyed my Cali Omelet and my girlfriend had some amazing Texas Style French Toast.
If you see this place defiantly give it a try.

Great food.
Pleasant staff.
Just the kind of local breakfast joint I look for when traveling.

This place was A-OK. Definitely a bargain compared to the breakfast places on the strip.
However, even though my friends and I were all hungry, the food was just A-OK.
It wasn't as spectacular as all the other yelpers said it was.
It was filling though and gave me the energy to endure the 4 hour drive back to LA.
I ordered the Mr Mama's stack, which consisted 2 sausage links, 3 pancakes, and 3 eggs.
I only managed to eat 1.5 pancake, the eggs, and the sausages.
The dishes were a tad bit under-seasoned, and was nothing spectacular.
But it was a deal considering how close it was to the strip.

Great food, great service

We needed to find breakfast, and wanted something off the strip.
This place worked wonderfully.
Very friendly service, great diner-type food.
Highly recommend!

Great place for breakfast.
Good coffee (I like the Farmer's brand).
They got my order wrong (asked for bacon on the side, they put it on the breakfast sandwich), but it wasn't a big issue.

Seriously the best omelet I've ever had.
Try the Spanish with a side of pick de gallo.
Great customer service as well.

Service was great food was delicious.
Hash browns are awesome!

Awesome, the food, the service!

Read the review on yelp and decided to try it out while in Vegas.
Like others have said the staff is very friendly and warm.
The food was definitely worth the trip.
Tried the chili and cheese omelette.
Very light and fluffy.
My fianc had a greek omelette and it was delicious as well, the feta cheese added a great flavor.
What made it great was the price.
I definitely recommend you stop in if you visit vegas.
One more thing, te owner did come and ask how the meal was.
Will visit again.

Two trips to Mama's in one trip?!
Welp, they must be good then, eh?
I would say, yay.
If you want a low key place--the type of place with plastic patio furniture for their indoor diners and reasonably priced breakfast fare, this is the place for you.
Now, don't go expectin' any fancy-schmancy gourmet pancakes like at IHOP or Denny's; this place keeps 'er simple by offerin' the basics without the fireworks, 'cept for a few omelettes among the eggs, hash browns and bacon basics.
What it does better than any other place is service though.
You enter and are immediately greeted by the dude cooking behind the counter and then swept to any open seat by your server.
Within good time, your food is ready, your belly is more than full, and you are on your way with another salutation from the dude behind the counter.
So, why not 5 stars?
Well, I wasn't in love with the acclaimed chili omelette, as it tasted more like diced tomatoes than chili (2 stars), but luckily that was my co-eater's dish, and he loved it.
I on the other hand kept to French toast and eggs and was happy but not blown away (still looking for CRUNCHY French toast, and other than trying Jinky's flaky French toast, haven't come close).
Bottom line: Good food, good service, time and money well spent.

Good food, pleasant service.Really liked the sausage gravy.

Loved my breakfast special of 2 chocolate chip pancakes and eggs!
We were staying at the Paris Hotel on the Las Vegas strip with a bunch of friends and were surprised that no place serves breakfast past 11am!
For a city that doesn't sleep, what's up with that?
We found Mr. Mama's with the help of Yelp and booked 2 cabs to take our group over for some Noon-time breakfast meals!
We found the restaurant amidst warehouses and industrial buildings, but we were certainly not disappointed with the food we were served!
Service was great; portions were large.
We took notice of the owner who personally came around to tables to check on his customers.
It was also a treat to pay non-Strip prices!
Great food for a great deal!
It was totally worth the cab ride!!

Burt say's   "Yelp failed me on this one!
"   The reviews are good, the restaurant  is NOT.
First off this place is in an industrial complex.
You walk in and the furniture is outdoor lawn furniture.
The space is horrible.
It seems like they should be making nuts and bolts in this place,  not food.
Hey if you your gonna do a low rent cheapie food spot that's cool,  but the bill should reflect the savings, not the furniture.
Excellent warm greeting at the door.
Burt is hopeful at this point.
So Burt sits down, no butter.
They have "vegetable oil whipped spread", and when you open it looks more disgusting than it sounds.
Some yellow colored, coagulated mush that has decomposed and separated in a little puddle of water.
RED FLAG - No Splenda offered.
To Burt this means they are cheap and wont carry the more costly Splenda.
Which in turn means they are also using whatever ingredients are the cheapest, not which taste the best.
The chicken fried steak was highly recommended on Yelp.
It literally made Burt gag.
Beside being cooked in some nasty flavored oil, it was smothered in chipped beef gravy.
Burt almost spit it out.
LITERALLY     The cinnamon french toast was also recommended.
That was good.
The staff was super friendly and extra nice.
Burt hates to slam a place on just one visit.
But some spots are just so bad you can never go back.
Maybe everything else is wonderful.
It's hard to believe all those great reviews can be wrong.
Maybe Burt just caught them at a bad moment?
I hope so.
Take this review with a grain of salt and maybe try it for yourself?

Delicious!!!!
Great omelet, I'm stuffed!!!!
Also great customer service and smiling faces, I would definitely come back!!

Best Breakfast I've had outside home.
Excellent portions and fresh.. Had Mama's French Toast... Fluffy.. Will be back... :)

Great portions, great taste, great service.
I love breakfast food.
The biscuits and gravy weren't very good.
But the pancakes, potatoes, french toast, were all so delicious.
Definitely recommend it!

Very yummy food!!
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is cause it's pretty small and a little crowded but the food tastes very good which is all I'm looking for in breakfast!

I tried out Mr. Mama's the other day while I was waiting for my car to get tinted.
I was stuck for a few hours in a neighborhood that I wasn't familiar with, so I Yelped for a good lunch place to head to in the neighborhood.
I found Mr. Mama's and was quite pleased!
My hubby came to pick me up for lunch and we headed over to Mr. Mama's.
We walked in and stood at the front for a few minutes before we were greeted.
We were then told to sit anywhere we wanted too.
We grabbed a table and were greeted by our server pretty quickly.
We ordered and our food came out fast.
My hubby got a Reuben and it was delicious!
I had the chili cheese burger and it was ok.
The burger was awesome but the chili was weird.
I am a chili con carne style chili girl and the chili here was more of the Midwest style of a more tomato-y style.
If I had just gotten a regular cheese burger I think I would have been much happier.
Oh well.
It wasn't bad, just not the style I really like.
Don't get me wrong, I still chowed down on the burger though.
We finished up our meal with a cinnamon roll that our server recommended.
It was one of the best cinnamon rolls I have ever eaten.
It was a big one and we decided to split it.
Once we started eating it though, I think we both wished we had ordered two so we wouldn't have had to share.
Ha ha!
Overall Mr. Mama's was a good place to eat.
Good solid food, ok service, and a pretty decent menu.
Yum.

My first review.
I drove specifically to this place because I love local business and I love family business.
Initially, everything looked great.
Nice staff.
No wait to be seated.
I was by myself.
I ordered two eggs and toast.
That's it.
After 25 minutes, I asked my server about my eggs.
She mentioned that there was a big to go order.
So basically, somebody sitting on their ass was more important than a customer sitting in the actual restaurant because his order is bigger.
I asked to talk to the big buff owner who made me feel that I'm selfish for wanting 2 eggs in less than 25 minutes.
He was also confrontational, rude and slightly threatening.
So I got up and left.
Wasted my time and showed me how much he values me as a customer.
I guess he didn't really need my money.
Hope the restaurant thrives on to go orders, buddy.

My husband and I were looking for a new breakfast place to try, and with some help from Yelp, we were very lucky to have found Mr. Mama's.
The restaurant is painted in a vibrant blue, and the tables and chairs have a beach feel.
Overall, the restaurant was super clean.
My husband ordered the Greek omelet with home fries and toast.
The omelet was $8.75, plus an extra $0.50 for the peppers and onions added to the home fries.
The omelet was made of four eggs, veggies, and stuffed with feta cheese.
Yum!!
The home fries and toast were also great.
I ordered Mr. Mama's French toast, which came with three eggs and your choice of breakfast meat; I chose sausage.
The eggs and sausage were very tasty, but the French toast really was the shining star of my meal.
All four slices are loaded with cinnamon and powdered sugar, and when you add some maple syrup, it's magic!
At the end of the meal, my husband ordered a cinnamon roll.
It was fluffy, moist, and the frosting was just the right amount of sweet.
The thing that really stuck out to us was the friendliness of the staff.
The waitress was very on top of it, and even had recommendations for us because we were first time customers.
Also, Nick, the owner, stopped by our table to introduce himself and thank us for coming in.
Overall, GREAT food and service!
We'll be returning here again really soon!

Had the chicken fried steak and I am not sure what They put on it, but I am sure it was NOT sausage gravy.
It was more like some kind of chipped beef in a gravy, very disappointed.
My wife had an omelette said it was good and it was huge, 4 eggs are to much.might have to give it 1 more chance to decide if I will call it a good spot for breakfast.

Great little local Mom & Pop (or Mr. Mama) breakfast/lunch joint.
After spending oodles of money feeding five people on the strip for several days we found Mr. Mama's on our way out of town and the bill was less than half of our previously cheapest meal.
It's breakfast diner food but it's solid, and the staff is really friendly and nice.
The five stars is for a great diner breakfast at far cheaper than average for the area with great service.
I found this place to be far superior to Blueberry Hill which is touted as a local go-to breakfast place, and though Hash House a Go Go may be a bit better, it's much more expensive and they give you a lot more food than one person can eat in a meal.
Which, if you're staying in a hotel, isn't really that convenient.

Everything was awesome!
Great service too

Just ate here this morning.
Excellent breakfastt.
We had omeletes and French toast!
Yummy.
Our waitress was just fabulous.
When in Vegas we will be back.
You must try them

Mr. Mama's was completely AWESOME!!
Came here after leaving the airport.
The Service is great.
Food was delicious and very filling.
They serve breakfast all day.
I had the Mama's Breakfast Burrito, it's HUGE and will completely fill you up.
Make your way here before you leave VEGAS!!!
We came here twice over the course of four days!
It was great!

My friends and I were leaving Vegas and wanted to eat somewhere off the strip for good breakfast and came upon Mr. Mamas.
First of all I have to say, these are the NICEST people I have ever encountered in a restaurant.
Better than In n Out haha.
The were very attentive to their customers and a man who I believe might be the owner seemed genuinely nice and got along with everyone very easily.
Great Job!
Now onto the food lol I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs with a side of french toast.
My stomach did the ordering not my brain because apparently this was way to much food haha The chicken fried steak really good.
Good batter, tasty meat, and awesome gravy.
Color is a little off putting but after eating it, it was really great with the chicken fried steak.
It came with eggs, toast, and hash browns.
So it was a full on breakfast and everything tasted great.
I thought the hash might have been a bit oily but together everything was still very good.
I order the side of french toast ONLY because it was $1.50 haha and I was only able to eat half of it because I couldn't even finish my original order haha.
Overall, this place is a great place for breakfast.
Kind of far away from the 15, but it beats eating somewhere on the strip.
They have really great food, the staff here is super nice, and the price is just right.
So stop by on your way home from Vegas if your from CA, you won't regret it.

I didn't think I could rate a breakfast place 5 stars but the staff makes it worth it.
They make everyone feel at home and having an open kitchen means their cooks acknowledge you as well.
The food comes out quick and everything I've had for breakfast has been great.
Not too greasy and big portions.
There are a lot of breakfast places in the area and I've tried most.
This is the best bang for your buck and you'll feel welcomed from the moment you get in.

Good food and nice people.

Great food, great people

I was looking for a new breakfast restaurant to try.
I was not disappointed trying Mr Mama's.
Everything we ordered was really good.
The french toast is the bomb.
You should try it if you like french toast.

AMAZING food.
Loved every bite.
Very friendly, on top of re-filling drinks, and was able to serve our large party with ease.

Had the Western omlette.
Foods incredible and the service is top notch.
Love this place!

This place reminds me how overrated all those buffets and breakfast spots on the strip are.
It's located in a small strip mall about three miles away from the main strip.
The staff here is super friendly and their service is speedy and efficient.
The prices can't be beat and they definitely give you your bang for your buck.
The French toast here was by far the best I've ever had...hands down!
My fellow hungry hippos said that the sausage patties here are amazing as well.
Also, someone in my group ordered the Cali omelette and said it was deelish.
Come here and support local businesses!

My fianc and I live right in the area and are always looking for breakfast spots on the weekends.
Mr. Mamas had excellent food at an extremely affordable price.
The staff was super friendly and attentive!
Nick, the owner, even came to our table and had a conversation with us.
Not too many places left these days with that kind of service!
We will definitely be back!

Mr Mama?
Sorry, that just doesn't sound right.
Do they have a lunch/dinner place called Miss Daddy?
Am I the only one that thinks this is weird?
Anyways, how's that for an intro to this review?
Now that I got your attention, Mr Mama's sure got mine after having lunch there the other day.
I was impressed in a lot of ways.
For starters, from the outside, the place looks like a nice little hole in the wall/mom and pop type of place.
But when I opened the door and walked in, I had to do a double take.
It's kind of like that one closet from that Narnia movie.
Yeah, that closet.
So I am directed by one of the many servers to any table that's available.
The menu's are all ready to go on all the tables.
What a concept.
You come in, grab any available table, go over the menu, order, eat, and you're out.
These guys definitely got a system down.
I would say I was helped out by at least 3 different servers.
That's why their service is very good.
They are constantly running around.
As for the food, I noticed a lot of good choices.
But that day, I was really hungry and I was not gonna settle just for any burger.
No sir.
So I got their biggest burger called Mama's Burger.
Damn.
This was a case of my eyes being hungrier than my stomach.
Two half pound patties, slices of avocado, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, cheese, and an onion ring.
At first glance, I didn't know how to attack it.
I kid you not, I was rotating my plate just looking for a chink in the armor.
In the end, I ended up trying to smash it down with the palm of my hand in hopes of getting it down to the size of my mouth.
Needless to say, I could only eat half of it.
At that point I felt like running away crying to Mr. Mama himself (or is it herself?
I don't wanna assume anything you know?).
Ok, so I had dinner covered.
The only thing that might be a disappointment is their hours.
6 am to 3 pm.
What if I wanna redeem myself for that burger and it just happens to be dinner time?
*flashback to that lunch moment* Ok, I take it back, that's not really a disappointment.
So, umm, yeah go check this place out.
Don't forget to redeem your free beverage when you check in.

What a find!
We had a big party of 11 people (with 5 kids).
but that did not stop the Mr Mama staff from making sure we were taken care of.
They were accommodating, very friendly, nice, and hospitable.
We ordered pancakes, omelets, breakfast steaks, etc.
All the portions were generous and delicious.
Next time I am in Vegas, I will not waste time looking for a place on the Strip.
Mr. Mama has won me over!

Soooo delicious!
Good ol' homemade breakfast.
GREAT customer service!
Definitely one of my breakfast spots in Vegas.

I LOVED my time eating here on July 19th 2013!
We were a family of 6 (including a toddler) and they bent over backwards trying to get us to sit together as quickly as they could considering the restaurant was packed.
The owners and our waitresses made our visit very pleasant (and great with kids, the owner got my niece to smile after her shyness).
And to top it all off, the food was great!
I had the chicken fried steak and home fries, delicious!!!
I'm coming back in late September for Frozen Fury (GO KINGS!
) and bringing friends with me!

Portions are big, their eggs are tasty.
Great breakfast joint

I was just there.
I had French toast, 3 eggs w/bacon.
If you know the difference in good food, this is an excellent breakfast.
The staff is as good as the food.

The greek omelet was so good, i almost ATe tHE pLAtE!

The omelettes was ok.
But the chicken friend steak was not good.
I could not taste the chicken, the gravy was salty.
The service was quick and friendly.

I've been meaning to write this review and finally get the time to.
This is a cute little family-like place.
Only open for breakfast and lunch.
Every time we come in we are greeted and it always feels genuine not like some line someone is trained to say.
On our first visit, Nick, the owner, saw us (me and my husband) admiring the great black and white photos on the wall; he came over to share some Greek family history with us...it was great!
Several servers came to our table and made sure we had everything we needed.
The food was sooo good - freshly made!
The only thing I would recommend is to get some chairs without arms.
I have a chunky uncle that I would love to bring with me and share the awesome food and great service with, but I honestly don't think he would be comfortable (if he fits in them at all).
I'll be back soon.
OPA!!

The hubby and i were looking for something different from hotel food/strip food, we happened to find this place on Yelp and let me tell you, we were so glad we did!
The food was great, the portions were good and their coffee was piping hot and just tasty.
Excellent  service!
The staff was friendly, attentive, and just overall great!
Defenitly coming back on our next trip here.

Mr. Mama's is hidden away inside a mini mall of shops off S. Decatur.
They serve good food at decent prices, but I wasn't blown away like most other patrons.
I went with the Chili & Cheese Omelet ($7): Cheddar Jack Cheese, Green and Red Bell Peppers, Green and Red Onions, and Mama's Chili.
The chili was a bit sweet and watery in consistency...I'd order something else next time around.
I also noticed the eggs weren't as "fluffy" as I am used to, comparing it to other omelet specific spots in town.
Since their chili is relatively popular, I either missed it on a good day, or my taste buds prefer thicker-hearty chilis with a hint of spice.
This was a bit sweet, boring and not for me.
I'm sure I will be back at some point...I'll try some of their other goodies next time.
A few pics of the goodies my group ordered :

Stumbled across this place in Vegas and it was the best food I had the entire weekend.
The owner was so personable as well as the entire staff.
The food was simply amazing and you get a lot for a little.
If your ever in Vegas I would suggest stopping by for a quick breakfast you will not be disappointed.
Keep up the good work Mr.
Detroit!!

A little bit of a wait, but worth it!!
Not the wait to be seated but for your order to be prepared/cooked.
Came here on a Fri. morning/afternoon with the wife.
We ordered breakfast.
I had the veggie omelet, spinach, green and red bell, onion, mushroom, with breakfast taters and my wife had a short stack with eggs and ham.
We both really enjoyed our food.
The pancakes are a big portion, dinner plate size.
Pancakes were good, fluffy, tasty.
My omelette was eggcellent, ha, you got that.
Came with toast also.
Service was good and friendly.
There is a wait after your food order but a wait is expected for such a busy and popular place.
Will def be back.

Small breakfast place with really nice staff and really good food.
The service was fast, friendly and the food nicely presented and really tasty.
I will definitely recommend this place to friends.

This place is awesome!
We found this on yelp, and couldn't have enjoyed it more.
The owners were at he door greeting people and checking the tables to make sure you had everything you needed.
The food was very good and the price was very reasonable.
Will be going here every time we visit from Colorado.

Thank goodness for YELP.
After getting ripped of by the major hotels on food and drink....we had enough.
jumped on YELP and found Mr. Mama's.
Had breakfast for 3 under $40.
The food...it was outstanding.
Service....outstanding!
Nick, the owner was greeting tables and handing out homemade cinnamon rolls.
What a great place.
Triple D and Guy Fieri need to stop in and do a show on this place.
Clean, excellent food and service for a fair price.
You will not be disappointed.

Came here for lunch today with my husband.
As we walked in the door we were immediately greeted by Nick, who we believe might be the owner, and told us to sit anywhere we would like.
It was lunch time and starting to get packed.
We didn't wait long at all for our order to come out.
After reading the reviews on Yelp prior to going, I was in the mood to try the Chicken Fried Steak.
Told my waitress I wanted the chicken fried steak.
She asked how I wanted my eggs, I told her scrambled.
She asked how I wanted my potatoes - hash browns or what?
What is the what?
Did I have other option she didn't mention?
I just ordered the hash browns and got sourdough toast.
I thought the chicken fried steak was very good.
My husband ordered a turkey sandwich with pepperjack cheese with grilled sourdough bread.
It came out with the bread toasted instead of grilled which made the sandwich a little bit dry.
Grilled bread would have been better as requested.
The sandwich came with a large side salad which was very crisp and fresh with a very good ranch dressing.
Nick kept checking up on us to make sure we were happy customers.
We didn't mention the bread because we had a limited lunch break and didn't want to cause a fuss.
It wasn't Nick's fault the request was wrong.
We had to tell our server twice what bread he wanted and how he wanted it prepared.
If I could choose another waitress I would have.
She is the only thing that really hurt the place getting five stars.
When we left the place was packed with only one table open.
But overall this is a good, friendly place worth coming to.
We'll be back :)

Customer service was on point!
The door was held open by the owner and we were greeted with a warm welcome.
The cooks and servers also greeted us.
Our waitress made sure we were taken care of.
The owner once again checked on us during our meal and held the door open for us again as we left.
Can't really find good customer service anymore.
The food was good, but nothing that would make me say "oh my gosh we have to come back.
" Got the typical eggs, sausage, toast and hash browns.
Yes I am boring.
All of it was good, except my only negative comment would be that they put a dash of oregano on the hash browns.
I'm not a big fan of oregano, just in marinara sauce.
One of my weird food habits I guess.
I do support locally owned businesses so good job with this establishment:)

Fantastic place away from the strip.
Fresh breakfast and great service.
We liked it so much we went both mornings we were in Vegas.
Good food and good prices.
Their pancakes are my favorite.

Solid breakfast joint off the Strip.
French toast is the best thing we tried.
But the breakfast burrito is good too.
The service is outstanding and they do a good job in keeping the place clean.
Other places had a wait of about 30min but this place had us wait a good 20.
Plenty of strip mall parking.

Delicious!
I had the biscuits and gravy (it's the sh*t ) and the breakfast burrito.
It's truly a well worth place to eat.
I thought about eating here 3 times a day but other restaurants would probably get jealous haha.

We came here on our way back home to so cal.
Food was great and most importantly the service here was spectacular.
The staff here is really friendly and everyone from our waitress, another waitress, the owner, and some big tough looking dude ( who was actually really nice) stopped by our table to see how we were doing.
They definitely put customer service first and it shows.
Not to mention that their food tastes like my dads home cooking.
It was gooooooood.
Highly recommended.

Amazing Service.
As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted with a warm welcome.
Table was cleaned and ready for us in 5min.
Staff was constantly cleaning and very friendly.
Food was so good!
I didn't thing 2 eggs, bacon, hash browns, and a side of sour dough toast could taste so good!
My coffee was tasty and not bitter, my husband had the chili and cheese omelet and he said that was the best omelet ever.
Loved to see the owner bussing tables with his staff.
Such a great and welcoming experience.
We will definitely be back here more often!
You guys are doing an awesome Job !

What a great little spot to enjoy a delicious quiet breakfast away from the strip, with EXCELLENT and friendly service!
The French Toast and house potatoes were delicious and seemed to be the most popular items on the menu.
Definitely will be back!

Good food, great service.
Nice little mom and pop style cafe.
Nothing fancy, but then again does good food need to be fancy?
I think not.
I will definitely be back.

We were looking for a good off-strip breakfast place to stop at on our way home to California.
We found this restaurant through Yelp and since it was just west of the I-15 and on the south side of town it seemed like a good match.
This isn't the place you would go to if you were trying to impress your relatives with the surroundings, because it is located in the middle of a little strip center with auto-related businesses, etc.
and when you go inside it is just a basic decor.
This is, however, the kind of place where you can bring the newspaper in with you to read while eating, which is what we wanted.
We had the same experience as the other reviewers - we were welcomed the minute we walked in the door.
Service was fast and friendly and we had the French toast, side of bacon, a Denver omelet with a cup of fruit.
All of it was good.
The biggest a surprise was the bill - for all that plus two drinks we had a check of only $20!
After spending $70 the night before for a couple drinks and 2 appetizers at the MGM Grand we were thrilled.
We will definitely be there for breakfast the next time we are in Las Vegas.

Truly terrible.
Their ingredients are just piss poor.
I was so hungry from hours on the road, and even the best spice couldn't help the sawdust they serve taste appetizing.
Worst, most bland pancakes, and worst, most bland eggs I've ever tasted.
A side avocado slice that had turned Brown and pinkish white tasteless tomatoes added insult to injury.
Plastic chairs and tables round out a generally depressing atmosphere, with staff who are too cheerful to tell how bad the food is or how much they're screwing up.
They got reprimanded by the owner for just about everything he could think of right behind me.
Will specifically recommend to friends who visit Vegas to avoid.

We ate here on a vacation.
It was a welcome break from the strip.
Quiet, cozy, cheap, and so yummy!

Un des meilleurs petit djeuner de Vegas.
Voiture obligatoire pour s'y rendre.
Le personnel est sympa et agrable, le caf  volont.
Commandez les pancakes et le full breakfast, de quoi tenir toute la journe!
Le tout pour moins de 8$.

YES, if your Balla-on-a-buget then this the place to go.
Fast fun and friendly service.
I asked for something and one or more the of the waitresses brought it to me.
LOVED IT

Wow, truly a good find!
I was a little hesitant to come here but decided to give it a try rather than go with our usual Denny's.
1st, I cannot stress enough the great customer service this place has.
The owner takes pride and enjoys what he does and it shows.
2nd, my food was great.
I had an omelet plate and it was very tasty.
We come to vegas frequently, and I will be adding this place to our usual spots!

We ended up at Mr Mama's kind of by mistake but what a great mistake!!!
We were on our way to Phat Phranks for tacos but it was closed for the Labor Day weekend.
We started to drive up Decatur and I saw Mr. Mamas and remembered that it had a high yelp rating so we stopped in.
When we entered there was only one table available as all the rest were full.
We were quickly greeted by a man I think is the owner but we seated and asked what we wanted to drink.
Our drinks came quickly and our waitress came to take our order.
I tried that day's daily special of blueberry pancakes with eggs.
The bf had eggs with sausage, hash browns and toast.
There are a lot of servers and wait people and we were constantly looked after to see if we needed more drinks or anything.
The food came very quickly even though the restaurant was crowded.
I ate my perfectly cooked eggs and then began to eat the most delicious pancakes I've ever had.
There were two big pancakes, plate sized and they were so light and fluffy with lots of blueberries.
I couldn't finish them all so took home 2 halves and even later I tried them cold and they were still delicious!!
The bf loved the sausage and said his eggs were cooked just right also.
They have lots of other selections which I will have to try now.
We were very happy with the service the food and the prices.

After leaving casino hotel for three days was looking for more of a home cooked meal, found mr mamas on yelp and it was just right, great service and food.

Great morning breakfast place... Nick and his staff are great.
Food is superb.
I'm a breakfast guy and Mr.Mamas does a great job.
There is always a special.
Just look on the board.
I feel like Norm on Cheers.. Once they know your name, the staff and Nick always Greets you..!
See you here!
Great service and is super affordable.

This place was really really good!
The pancakes were great and so were the hash browns.
Plus for the price you just can't beat this place.
The greatest part of all though was the owner.
He was so attentive to each customer he had.
Asking you questions, getting to know you.
He made you feel special.
It was like you were a guest at his home not his restaurant.
Definitely will be going back next time I'm in Vegas!
Thanks mr mamas for the great experience!

The best breakfast spot in Las Vegas!
Why not leave the strip and find a reasonable priced and delicious breakfast spot!
Family owned and super friendly!
I ordered the California omelette and it was amazing!
The portions are great for the price!
Will definitely be going back on my next trip to Las Vegas!

What a totally hidden gem!
So glad yelp directed us to this restaurant during our stay in Vegas!
A million times better than anything we could've eaten in a hotel or on the strip.
The servers were all so friendly!
Kathy was our server and she was very attentive & made sure my coffee was always full :) Speaking of coffee...
This place has the best coffee I've had in a long time!
I'm a Starbucks fan and this coffee blew Starbucks out of the water.
I believe they use Farmer Brothers which is beyond delicious!
A gentleman who looked like the owner came to our table to make sure everything was ok with our food and also made sure we had enough refills.
They really know how to make people feel welcome here!
I should probably mention the amazing French toast huh!
Well the French toast, eggs & bacon were perfection!
My French toast was fluffy and powdered with cinnamon, it kinda reminded me of my mom's French toast back home.
You gotta love a place that makes you feel like you're back home.
So if you're in Vegas and want a delicious breakfast with a really great staff definitely check out this place!
You won't be disappointed.

What a Great Place Stopped in leaving town Owner /staff...
Fantastic.
Food....delicious Returning....Absolutely

You like awesome food and service?!
This is your spot!
Prices are perfect, $20 with tip for 2!
Attentive staff- clean facilities.
Off the strip so none of the crazy.
A hidden gem as they say.
Normal portions and good coffee.

Good food and even better service.
Staff was very friendly and attentive!
Highly recommend this family run place.

Super awesome service.
Nick, the owner walks around and makes sure everyone is taken care of.
Staff can be overly helpful at times, if that makes any sense... Just numerous people coming around almost too often to check on drinks or coffee.
Of course my wife and I would prefer to have too prompt service over not enough but if there ever was a negative that would be it.
The food was great.
We had Philly cheesesteak and albacore melt sandwiches and the side salad was decently sized.
The home made ranch was good too!
The French fries were awesome.
Nick offered that they are topped with a little bit of oregano, white pepper, and garlic salt.
I bought some to take to-go.
We will definitely come back!!!

We visited here on our last morning in Vegas while visiting from San Diego.
I really wish we had found this place sooner.
It is a bit off strip (even further from downtown where we usually stay), but totally worth the drive.
Don't be put off because it is in a strip mall.
The interior layout is a bid odd because of this, but the decor is nice and the place is super clean.
This is a nice family owned breakfast place (they also serve lunch).
The owner greeted us shortly after sitting down and was very friendly.
I love places where the owner is engaged.
The staff excellent and the service was quick.
The food was outstanding and reasonably priced.
I had the Mama's short stack pancakes with eggs.
The pancakes were excellent and the eggs perfect.
My wife had an omelet that she also enjoyed.
In summary, this will be one of our normal places to hit whenever we are in town!

I should have went with Breakfast.
I should have ordered an omelet.
Let's start with my biggest annoyance:  I ordered a bottle of water.
Menu stated $1.00.
They rang me up at $1.25.
Only a quarter, so I didn't complain or gripe about it.
However, they should charge the prices on the menu or ring items up correctly.
So my coworker read the blackboard and saw a special for Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich.
So this is where I talked myself out of getting the omelet.
I was like "mmmm, Philly.
mmmmmm, cheese.
" So we subbed out the American with Provolone cheese and it was good.
Our meals came, except coworkers was wrong.
Instead of making a Philly, they made her pastrami.
The waitress caught it so that is good.
However, I really hate when one person is eating and the other still waiting for food.
I did order a side salad with my sandwich and I must say, it was a pretty decent side salad.
Too big even.
Now onto my Philly.
Overall it was a decent sandwich.
It was well seasoned.
I took two bites with bread and ate the rest sans bread.
With bread, you would not have gotten any complaints from me.
It all complimented each other pretty well.
However, when you took the main ingredient and truly made it stand out on its own, that is another story.
The meat was tough and a little dry.
The guts of the sandwich came with lots of bell peppers, onions and mushrooms.
This is a plus to me but in the end, I thought it could have used more meat.
Customer service was mostly great.
I am not sure of the beach tables and lawn chairs but hey, whatever works.
They should keep flyswatters handy too because we were swiping those little pesky flies the whole time.
Our waitress also didn't ring us up at the special price noted on the blackboard.
She charged us menu prices.
So again, it all comes back to my first complaint.
Maybe if I had ordered breakfast, I would have had a better experience with my food.
Shoulda, Woulda, Coulda.

Spanish Omelet was a little plain and dry for my taste.
French toast was pretty good.
They cook eggs a little on the runny side but I asked ahead of time thankfully and opted for over medium.
I would come back.
Service was GREAT!

I really don't think I could've liked this place more.
I had the Cali Omelette and it was delicious.
All the ingredients were so fresh.
And the service was incredible!
Everyone was super nice and the food came out fast.
Will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.

We were there a couple of weeks ago and had a really good breakfast experience.
We had the chili cheddar omelet w/homefries and the french toast.
Both were excellent.
The staff was very friendly and attentive.
The owner, Nick, went out of his way to speak to us and make us feel welcome.
Customer service is definitely a top priority in this place.
Get off the strip and try this local establishment...you won't be disappointed!

Excellent service.
Really good breakfast.
Honest prices.
Only issue would be better coffee.

Looking for a REAL MEAL!?
Breakfast?
This is the place you need to go.
Yeah, there's a Denny's on The Strip, but Mr. Mama's offers fresh, delicious meals.
We (group of 4) drove from San Diego to Vegas.
We got there around 11am.
Mr Mama's is about 5-10 minutes west of the Strip.
I ordered the Greek omelette: it was really good, the spinach and mushrooms complemented the 4 eggs!
that took to prepare this delicious grub.
Side of sauteed potatoes.
My friends ordered: The Denver Omelette: it was tasty and huge!
he wasn't able to finish it all  The girls had the eggs, ham, potatoes, french toast and pancakes.
This place is a must!
The service: A+ (you'll have a server walk by and ask if you need anything or if you're ok, every 3-5 minutes)

Worth the drive from the hustle and bustle of the strip.
The food was top notch.
I ordered a more traditional breakfast of pancakes, bacon and hash browns, while my husband chose a breakfast burrito.
Both were amazing.
More importantly was the level of service you receive when you are here.
The owner circulates constantly and makes a point to stop and talk to everyone.
Between the servers and the owner our coffee cups were never empty and he even offered to call us a cab if we needed one to get back to the strip.
You can't go wrong here.
We will be back to try the lunch menu!

Yum Yum the food was delicious.
Service in the place was very good and the place was very clean.
Definitely a good place for breakfast when I'm in Vegas.

Mr. Mamas breakfast is the bomb!
The biscuits and gravy are absolutely amazing and is well worth the visit.
If you are looking for a breakfast spot off the strip, this is the place to go.

My hubby has been enjoying this gem for a few weeks by himself for awhile now!
Unfortunately it is not a convenient stop for me during the week but this Saturday we went in for an amazing meal with even better service.
We walk and are warmly greeted by the owner, Nick!
He called Ken by name and we were both welcomed with a big smile and warm handshakes.
Coffee was quickly brought over by the sweet waitress, Juli.
I hope I didn't get her name wrong.
She was super friendly and provided the most amazing service - I would go back for just that, but I am very happy to report that the food was just as wonderful.
Ken ordered french toast and a side of hash browns.
I have been trying to behave lately and was still in a food coma from Fogo de Chao the night before so I ordered their veggie egg white omlete with home fries and wheat toast.
Let me tell you - it was the best egg white omlette I have ever had in Vegas - so fluffy and seasoned perfectly with large amounts of FRESH veggies.
It was perfectly cooked.
The home fries were delicious too but I prefer them crispier - that's on me though there was absolutely nothing wrong with them.
Juli was very attentive and friendly throughout and at the end Nick came by again to see if everything was ok and thanked us for coming.
I can see this becoming our regular Saturday morning breakfast place!

This to me represents the real Las Vegas that the locals would experience.
When you look further than the glitz and glam of the strip you find some charming little (and odd) places.
Mr. Mamas offers great food in an odd industrial atmosphere.
The restaurant is in a strip mall industrial park.
When you enter the building you feel as though you should be getting tires installed or picking up wholesale plumbing supplies.
But instead there is a kitchen that makes excellent breakfast food!
It's so weird!
My wife had the breakfast wrap and myself the Cali Omelette.
Although they did mess up my order (I had asked for no sour cream) they were quick to fix it and the server was very nice.
I enjoyed the food; it was defiantly a step above Denny's.
Fresh avocado and more than reasonable prices.
I think our whole meal after tax was $16!
Now the weird thing: they refuse to stock peanut butter!
I've never experienced a breakfast place that intentionally didn't have peanut butter!
I had a long chat with the server about this and apparently it's not an allergy issue, and many other people have requested it.
She begged me to talk to the owner as he "will not listen to requests from the staff" and told me a story that only after enough customers demanded did they finally get Splenda despite the other servers all telling the owner how much it was asked for.
I found the whole thing a little weird.
Had I not been so full from the omelette I probably would have been more annoyed.
I ended up not eating the toast as a result.
Just can't do jam.
Too sweet.
So anyway all and all it is a great place to eat.
Nothing special or exotic but if you are looking for cheap eats off the strip come on down.
Good basic local food in an interesting location.
If it were not for the owners not listing to their staff if give it 4 stars.
I'll update the review on my next trip to Vegas.

Mr. Mama,  Mahalo fo da hospitality!
Have fun in Maui.
If you get one chance, go to Sam Sato's.
It's like your place.
.only locals.
Aloha!

Today is my husband'a birthday, and after dropping the kids off at school, we wanted to grab breakfast.
We've lived in Vegas since January and have not yet found a good local non- chain restaurant (we had a hand full of favorites in Cali)- until now.
The energy, the service, the cleanliness and the food were outstanding.
I do not normally write reviews, but this place really deserves a great review.
The owner came over to greet us, we mentioned it was out first time and he said he will make sure it will not be our last!
He was right, we will definitely be back.
Oh and as we were leaving, I happened to glance over and saw one of their salads being brought out, it was ridiculously huge!
Easily shared!
We ordered: The California Omelette, Mama's French Toast, and the Cinnamon bun!
I can't wait to try the lunch!

A friend introduced me to Mr. Mama's and I love it.
It's no ritzy place, it's just exactly what it is (if that makes sense).
The food is diner style and pretty damn good.
Consistently.
Everything from Breakfast to Lunch, all good.
Plus the staff is always happy to see you and thank you for coming, I like that.
Good people, good food, love it.

Definitely, the best breakfast in Las Vegas.
Nice place, fresh and tasty food for a reasonable price.
Strongly recommended.

Went here this morning, had the chicken fried steak which was very good, and also tried there cinnamon roll.
Food was served very quick and service was outstanding.
Classic breakfast joint!

It's  difficult to give a 5-star rating to a breakfast place.
There is so much one can do with eggs.
That said, this place deserves 4 stars.
It's well run.
The menu includes mostly eggs and sandwiches serving all day long.
The price is reasonable.

I have not received this much great service in a small mom and pop place in a while.
Great food, friendly environment.
The owner and his staff are very charismatic.
Delicious food!!

I almost never give a five star rating.
Mr. Mama earned it in every way possible.
Food, service, and cleanliness.
Great family spot.
Nice portions.

In Vegas on vacation and did not want to eat at the tourist spots.
I found all the great reviews for this place and they did not disappoint.
Great food, great service, great prices.
Try the sausage gravy- to die for.

First timer so far they provide an excellent service, in a customer friendly environment.
Oh wow ...
I'm impressed the food is DELISH will definitely recommend this place.
AWESOME !

The food was fresh and very good.
The menu needs some updating.
There was nothing interesting or different and unique to order , except the regular breakfast dishes.
It was  a great price and the staff was very friendly.

This place is awesome.
Inexpensive and really good.
Super friendly people.
The owner Nick is a super nice guy and made us feel so much like family we went back the next day and ate there again.
Cant wait to go back out to Vegas to eat there again.

Place was nice and clean, wasn't busy but I'm not complaining.
The food was fresh and well presented and of course tasted great.
The staff was very attentive,nice, and we were in good hands.
The owner came to checked on us and even offered different sites for us to visit since we were from out of town.
This was a nice gesture since you don't see that too often.
I had the Cali omelet, and changed it up and they very accommodating which is a great thing.
My only suggestion is that instead of fruit from a can, fresh fruits as a side would be the cherry on top.
We would definitely recommend this place and eat here again.

Sooo this little place is really a diamond in the ruff.
When we first pulled up to this place I told my husband " I do NOT want to eat here" but I was meeting a friend who wasn't answering her phone so I had to go in.
When I walked in I was greeted at the door because my friend was already inside waiting and they kindly took us straight to her.
After taking our drink orders we were greeted by the owner and he even told us a little hx.
on the place.
I thought that was pretty rare.
Anywho, The food was Awesome.
I had the French toast and my husband had a spinach omelet.
The friend had chicken fried steak.
No complaints!
for 3 ppl we paid about $35 bucks that includes drinks and tax.
I love this place I will be back.

Awesome breakfast and friendly staff.
Its that good that its worth skipping hotel's complimentary breakfast.

We went to Mr. Mama's for breakfast this morning.
We were warmly greeted when we walked in.
The place was clean and we were served by Julie.
She was friendly and provided I great service.
A few minutes later Nick came by to say hello.
The food was great.
We both had omelette's and neither of us could finish it.
My husband is a big breakfast eater so we were far from disappointed.
We are staying at the Encore but wanted something off the strip.
Well worth the drive and we will be going back before our trip ends.

I will be back.
The owner is friendly and checks on customers to ensure everyone is satisfied with the food and service.
The entire staff is extremely nice and comes to your table regularly to make sure you have everything you need.
Food is delicious- pancakes are full of flaver.
We were adventurous and had the chilli cheese omelet.
Yum!
It's heavy but will keep you full.
Will be back again next time I'm in Vegas.

MMMMMM good!
First time visitor, great food and service.
Biscuits and Gravy are different, but delicious.
Pancakes are awesome, looking forward to a second visit.
Sorry just don't have anything negative to report.
Give Mr. Mama's a try for yourself!

So yummy!
Friendly staff always on their toes making sure you have everything you need.
The food is out of this world good!
Can't wait to go back and have that delicious omelet again.

Delicious food, fast and friendly service, great value, and a very clean restaurant.
I had their Spanish Omelet with hash browns ; cooked to perfection!
I also a turkey sandwich to get me through the return flight home.
I'm sure that these folks can make a sandwich!

Very good local breakfast place.
The owner and staff seem to really care about quality of service.
The food was cooked correctly and served quickly.
If we come back to Vegas we will definitely come back.
If I had a breakfast restaurant, I would make it almost exactly like this place.

Great breakfast and service.!
We will definitely visit again.

I really want to like this place, but the food unfortunately was only ok.
The staff and owner were VERY nice, I would come back to try again.
I love me a breakfast burrito, but this one was just ok.
I don't know what it was missing, but it just left me wanting a little more.
The salsa they brought with it was good, but I don't know, something was missing.
The bacon looked like ham, but it was bacon, maybe there wasn't enough bacon.
Hash browns in side were good.
Good amount of cheese too.
Friend ordered fries too, which were good.
I tried a friend's biscuits and gravy and honestly wasn't impressed.
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good.
I really want to like this place, and it has such good reviews, but I wasn't blown away.
I'm sorry Mr. Mama's but I'll try again.
Especially for the price.
I think my big burrito was only like $6.25 or somewhere around there.
Makes my heart and wallet happy :)

Today was a multiple stop day and I included breakfast on the list of things I had to do.
I've been going to try Mr. Mama's for several months and today was it.
As soon as I entered, a server told me to sit anywhere I was comfortable.
That's what they said to everyone entering the restaurant and it's really a nice way of saying, "Come on in.
You're welcome here.
make yourself comfortable.
"  I had coffee quickly and the server gave me the password for the wifi which was quite zippy.
I like when it works the way it should.
I ordered the Cali omelette which is Cheddar Jack Cheese, Sausage, Pico de Gallo, Salsa, Sour Cream, Topped with Avocado.
With it came hash brown potatoes and two slices of swirled rye toast.
The menu says all omelettes are made with 4 eggs.
The breakfast was really very good.
My coffee was refilled and I had a good time watching the cooks do their thing behind the counter.
They do a fair amount of take out and it was interesting to watch them get the boxes and bags ready.
Mr. Mama's is in the commercial area in the Valley View/Decatur area and there are a number of car repair places there.
Besides the good taste of the food, the thing I most take away from my visit is the genial nature of the staff.
You are welcome there and they let you know your business is appreciated.
Thank you Mr. Mama!

This place is so unprofessional.
I'm not going to deny that the food is good but they were advised that I have a condition where I eat and drink very slow.
While I was still here , they cleared my table, wiped it and practically asked me to leave because there was a party of 7 waiting.
They even pushed another table against ours and gave us the impression that we have to go.
I have never been treated this way in my 8 yrs living in Vegas.
If you are willing to stuff ur food down ur throat, chug ur drink and run out the door, I recommend this place and ask for Julie.
They normally interviewed u as u r leaving but they didn't even try with me because maybe they saw I was uncomfortable and pissed.
Oh I forgot, while I was eating, the waitress asked around 5 times if I wanted a box or take our plates.
Too bad my wife us a food critic for a local newspaper and the review is not going to be as good as mine.
This is insensitive to people with special needs.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND IN GENERAL.
Take it to go!!

The service was excellent and the food was even better!
I highly recommend you try this place.

This little gem off the strip is bomb!
I love breakfast foods and Mr. Mama's did not disappoint!
It was the last morning of my Vegas trip and I wasn't about to jump on the plane without filling my tummy with some good eats.
Biscuits and gravy, greek omelet with fresh feta, fluffy pancakes, and homemade crispy hash browns were so delicious that I couldn't stop stuffing my face with all the yummy'ness.
Okay, I did share with my bff and husband but I swear I could've eaten everything if given the chance.
This place serves up some great breakfast items for very reasonable prices.
Service is awesome and ample parking available.
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.

Awesome place!
Went here with a family of 4, and ate real good food for under $40.
We were all extremely full, and the service was great.
Nick is a real cool guy, very warm and inviting place.
Definitely recommend it for people visiting not trying to spend big $$$ on a overrated brunch buffet!

Everything was awesome!
The greek salad was so fresh and had loads of feta :)  My tuna melt was the best I've ever had and I loved the choices of sides instead of just the usual fries.
It was crowded but service was awesome :)  We will be back!

Nice place to eat breakfast.
The restaurant was very casual and the food was very good.
I had the French toast which comes with eggs and bacon.
The eggs were moist and fluffy,  bacon was meaty and crisp and the French toast was great.
The service was good and so was the coffee.
Worth the drive.

tip: real friendly and attentive service.
Chili omelet was ladled inside and out which was a real nice touch.
it wasn't drenched in it but just slathered in which was great.
French toast was average, nothing out of the ordinary, bacon was very thick which was good but could be a bit crispier.

Love this neighborhood breakfast spot!
The owner and severs make you feel right at home here.
I first ordered the biscuits and gravy and our server warned me it's not like traditional gravy, she let me try a sample first, although it wasn't bad.
It's just not what I was used to.
I got the chocolate chip pancakes instead and a cinnamon roll.
My boyfriend ordered the biscuits and gravy and bacon and eggs.
Food tasted fresh and homemade.
Definitely coming back to try other breakfast specials and maybe even for lunch!

Great service, clean and great food, this place doesn't run shy of 5 stars in any way.

What a fantastic place for breakfast!
My friends and I loved it so much we ate here two mornings in a row.
Nothing but positive thoughts about this place.
The owner was so nice and attentive and talked with us while we waited for a table.
Great food and unbeatable prices.
Really loved the chocolate chip peanut butter pancakes.
YUM

great food!
Friendly service.
Decor is simple (plastic chairs and tables)

Best lunch in town.
Friendly staff.
Always clean.
I come here 2-3 a week and there's always something different to choose from.
Watch out for that cinnamon roll..holy moly.

I love this place, great people, great food!
Perfect little breakfast or lunch spot.
All that and they love my shirt!!!
Shirt image not available....

Just left breakfast, great quality food.
What sets this place apart is the customer service.
The owner is at the door, greeting every customer and making sincere conversation.
All the servers are making rounds and refilling drinks, not just the one taking your orders.
Prices are beyond reasonable, especially compared to the strip.
I had the biscuit and gravy, which wasn't typical black pepper gravy.
The waitress offered a sample before I ordered.
The owner said it is sausage, bacon, and a little maple syrup.
Not bad at all, although I personally prefer traditional southern style.
My husband got the breakfast burrito and was happy with it.
Not overstuffed, and you could taste every ingredient.
Will definitely come back

Great breakfast.
Omelets are excellent.
Friendly and attentive staff.

This place is perfect.
Excellent service, better than at some $$$$ restaurants I've been to.
Hash browns were superb.
French toast was very good.
Only negative was the coffee, but that doesn't keep this place from being a five star establishment.
Skip the typical buffets and head here!!

We were looking for a great place to eat good food and not pay 'the strip' prices...and we found it here.
Great food (I had the Western omelet and home fries), great service, and a great price.
Everyone was full and we paid less than $10 each including drink.
Would highly recommend.

They didn't allow me to sit there for three hours during the lunch to do my work because there are getting busy.
Will never show up here again.

This place really is awesome.
If you are looking.
For a really nice omelet, pancakes, French toast or just a good sandwich this is the spot.
Very reasonable pricing, OUTSTANDING service and very good food...avoid the strip and enjoy a good meal with a small / local business.
The owner was there the second time and treated everyone like family.
I strongly encourage you to give this place a try!

Superb!
Staff is extremely friendly and the breakfast is delicious.
My wife and I are very particular on our breakfast sandwiches and the waitress took our orders with a smile and brought exactly what we asked for.
Thank you!

We were on the way out of Las Vegas on Friday morning, and we yelped a place for breakfast.
Mr. Mama's will not disappoint.
The prices are right and the service was friendly and fast.
We will definitely be here again the next time we're in town!

Don't waste your time on the Strip.
The food is great here and the people are really friendly and inviting.
Great pancakes and steak & eggs!

I'm really not happy.
I was really hoping to try here and called to order delivery.
I was told they won't deliver to me because I live at the Mandarin Oriental Residences at the City Center and it's 'too far'.
I'm literally a few blocks away?!
Ten minute drive to be exact.
This is a first for me on being denied delivery from a restaurant.
Too bad for them since I'm always very generous in tipping.
So I guess they don't deliver to apartment buildings.

We were eager for a quick breakfast.
We were greeted by smiling faces and savory aromas of the hash that was being slung!
The restaurant is located in a strip mall, with very easy access.
The owner walked to each table to greet us and find out about each of his patrons with friendly conversation.
The restaurant is clean and well lit, with plenty of helpful servers.
The food was average diner style food.
We had the french toast (probably could have used vanilla and maybe whipped cream w/berries to jazz it up a bit)...but for diner-style, it was on par.
My husband enjoyed the pancakes, they were large and fluffy (one would suffice).
Eggs were fresh and cooked soft, the way we like them.
The breakfast bacon was thin, but cooked properly.
Skip the orange juice...it was very concentrated and tasted canned.
The only good thing was that we saved the 2 bucks it would have cost, because we "checked in" on Yelp!
All in all, this is an okay place for quick, cheap eats.
The service and warm welcome we received are both worth a return trip!

My wife and I had a great breakfast.
The staff was wonderful and helpful.
Mr Mama was great going around checking if everything is OK.
Very clean and nice place to eat.
See you in January.

Definitely not frilly or gourmet.
This is a room with lawn chairs and tables.
The staff are friendly and the food is solid.
I have a new favorite- Greek omelet with added gyro meat and a side of tzatziki (sp?
) with home fries without onions and peppers.
Boyfriend has had the pancakes and says they're pretty solid as well.

We found this little gem on yelp.
I would have never stopped here.
In fact we missed it the first time we drove by.
Don't let the location or simple sign out front fool you.
I walked in and found a packed "dive" which is always a good sign.
The wait was 15 min and we had a flight to catch so I walked out to check with my bf.
The hostess ran out to tell us a table just got up and we could be seated immediately.
(So nice!
) we ordered quickly despite the large menu.
We were looking at all the other diners plates as we walked by.
The French toast looked amazing!
We ordered coffee, OJ, the Greek omelet and the Cali omelet with a side of French toast.
The coffee was smooth and strong.
Coffee was not fresh squeezed (but that's ok for a dive).
The food and service was above our expectations!

Had breakfast here yesterday~ Thanks Vegas yelpers for the great reviews!
My gf and I shared the breakfast burrito and popular french toast.
Pocket friendly prices, great customer service, lots of seating, clean bathroom and no problems with parking.
Love the hours!!!
Will come back to try more things of the menu!
-Miss Yelp 2013

We had the biscuits and gravy and the cali omelet and both were simply amazing.
Everyone was so friendly as well.
Will be returning our next visit to Vegas

Cheap, fast and delicious breaky food!
Another great discovery off the Las Vegas strip!
Loving the cheap eats whenever we travel.
This spot beats any $50 breakfast buffet.
Plenty of parking in a decent sized lot.
Plenty of seating even when they are packed, the wait doesn't seem long.
We were lucky enough to show up right before a huge crowd of people slowly woke up with their Vegas hangovers.
:P  I really liked how simple my omelet was and the portion wasn't too big or too small.
Service was extremely attentive and friendly.
The owner was kind enough to stop at our table and ask how we were doing (love that personal touch).
A must for you car-renters when in Vegas.

Just had breakfast there last week.
Amazing!
Super excellent service, food was outstanding.
My husband had the chicken fried steak and loved the gravy.
I myself am not usually a fan of cream gravy but their's is spot on.
Excellent recipe.
More neighborhoods need a Mr. Mamas.

wanted to try food off the strip.
this place is the spot!
great food , gravy was soooo yummy.
best part?
the staff!!!
very very friendly.
will be back on my next trip to sin city..

Great breakfast at a great price!
We tried Mr. Mamas today for breakfast based on other favorable Yelp reviews.
We liked it!
Julie our waitress was pleasant and accommodating.
Nick the owner gets around to all the tables to check in with them and he too was very pleasant.
We had the Cali Omelet.
Very good.
We tried the home fries.
Just okay.
We'll be trying the hash browns next time.
We also sampled the sausage gravy and the chili.
Both yummy.
We'll be back!
UPDATE - 11/14/2013 We're back!
Today we had the Chili Cheese Omelet and hash browns.
The omelet was very good, though we favor the Cali Omelet a bit more.
The hash browns were very good.
We much preferred them over the home fries.
Claudia was our waitress and she was just as attentive to our needs as Julie was yesterday.
Nick was his usual cheery self.
Very warm and welcoming.
We REALLY like this place.
We'll come back next time we're in Vegas!

I'm lucky enough to work just a few blocks from this place and when I order a delivery the food is always fast, hot, and delicious.
Their delivery driver, Sean, is always friendly and they don't hit you with some outrageous delivery charge that I would rather give as a tip anyway.
On the rare day that I have had the pleasure of dining in the atmosphere is always laid back and the service is great no matter how busy they get.
Trust me they can get pretty busy but they run like a fine tuned machine.
Never once have I been told by the staff that I wasn't in their section.
They all work together totally copacetic.

I didn't really care for the food and it was a little pricey.
The gravy was salty, has browns were cold and my omelette was runny.
I was extremely disappointed.

Mr. Mama's is the BEST, hands down.
The food is delicious,  the Staff is outstanding with the best service I have ever recieved, and the Owner greets all guests when they enter, takes time to talk to the customers and always thanks them for their patronage.
It is an experience like no other!
You'll feel like one of the family.

Great place for breakfast!
Busy, but they try to keep everyone moving, without rushing you.
Food was great also.
Would love to go back and try lunch, but for now breakfast will do.

Mr. Mamas great food & service.

It was worth the 30 minute wait.
I had the Cali Omelet.
Fabulous !
Service is very good.
Friendly people.
Fenton give it a 2 thumbs up!
Oh & reasonable prices.

Very delicious food.
The service was great.
Prices were reasonable.
They give you a lot of food.

Hidden gem in Vegas.
If you're looking for home cooking at a reasonable price, then M R Mama's is for you.
A must try is the French toast, hands down better than any I've had in LV.

The Cali omelet is the best I've ever had.
The avocado is fresh and the pico delicious.
Very friendly staff who is attentive and makes service a priority.
The decor and location are deceiving, Mr. Mama's could be in any major Vegas casino and top them all.
Visit this restaurant, you won't regret it.

The only reason I am not giving 5 starts is the location.
However, do not let the decor food you.
This was by far the best breakfast I had while in Vegas.
I had the ham and cheese omelette with grits and hash browns.
Whoever is the egg cook deserves a raise.
The portions were large.
I only needed 1 pancake as I could not eat all of it.
And the service matched the food.
Everyone greeted you with a smile.
We were discouraged by the taxi driver as he said it would be difficult to get a cab back to the Bellagio.
However, Mr. Mama's has a dedicated cab company that arrived in 10 minutes.
You have got to give this a chance.
Do not be discouraged by those on the strip.

Let me just say that I have lived in both the Northern US and the Southern US and never would I have expected to have one of "THE BEST" breakfasts out in Vegas!
This little strip-plaza restaurant, that looks so unassuming, has some of the tastiest food I've ever had!
It's simple, everyday American food, nothing foo-foo or that you can't pronounce and the service was genuinely friendly and caring.
Definitely try the French Toast and their country ham.
I was a little unsure as to whether or not to get the ham since usually restaurants make it too salty but I gave it a try and it was PERFECT!
The French Toast was light and fluffy and just plain GOOD!
It was certainly worth the $30 round-trip cab ride from our hotel on The Strip.

She had the chili omlette and a 1/2 order of the biscuits and gravy.
I had the eggs with sausage and pancakes.
Great pancakes and service.
Omelette was kinda runny but still good.
It wasn't something super special, but definitely will go back.

This was the most amazing breakfast I have ever had in Vegas!
The owner was awesome, the food was satisfying and so tasty!!
We will be back when ever we can!!!
Biscuits and Gravy - OMG - I want more already!!
Did I mentioned the service...
awesome!

Awesome service, awesome food...just like homemade!
Will make this a regular stop when I'm in Vegas!

Our office has ordered here about 4 times over the past few months, all times we had delivery.
The two most recent times were today and yesterday.
My cousin, our GM, and I loved our omelets so much we had to order them two days in a row for breakfast.
We called between 7:30a-8:00a both times and the food was literally to us within 10 min, no joke (our office is just around 1 corner from them).
Hot and delicious.
Hmmm if only Angelina's down the road could take a seriously lesson on customer service from Mr. Mamas that would be nice!
Anyway...the delivery driver Sean is super awesome, always chats with us and very friendly.
He seems to like his job there and has nice things to say about the restaurant which always make it a more enjoyable experience for the customer :)   My cousin and I got the Greek omelet both times and both times they were great.
The eggs are always cooked perfectly and you can tell the chef knows how to make an omelet; I've had some pretty nasty ones like where they were stuck to the pan or the edges were hard from starting to over cook.
Eww.
The ingredients you can tell are fresh and not from a can.
In the Greek was spinach, tomato, and feta cheese which is my fav part.
Our GM had the veggie omelet made with egg white only and side of sliced tomato's.
Again egg whites cooked perfect.
I wish I woulda taken a photo :(   Anyway I could go on about how much I love this place.
We will be trying the lunch menu next.
HORRAY FOR A PLACE WITH GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE, FAST DELIVERY, YUMMY FOOD, AND DOESNT FUCK UP YOUR ORDER.
FINALLY!

I cannot imagine a better example of how great Yelp is.
With family in town for the PBR finals, I was tasked with finding a breakfast joint that didn't require a long wait in line for a mediocre meal.
So, like any good Yelper, I turned to the one tool I can always rely on for great ideas: yep, you guessed it - Yelp!
Clearly the Yelpers of Las Vegas have fallen in love with this unassuming little breakfast gem, and for good reason - absolutely the best prices you could imagine for a breakfast that's as good as it can be.
You can tell the staff really love working here.
Everybody's always smiling and the manager is bound to stop by and make sure you've got everything you need.
The quality of the ingredients is hard to miss, from the thick-cut, savory bacon to the fresh avocado slices and some darn good marble rye bread, everything is prepared with the kind of attention that only comes from a team who cares about quality.
I am truly considering becoming a morning person, just so I can make Mr. Mamas a daily stop.

There are places where customer service is non existent all over America.
Mr. Mama's is NOT one of them.
They not only have the book on the best customer service, but have added to it.
They are very attentive and the owner makes sure you have nothing but the best experience!
The food cannot be fresher and tastier.
Wow!
Hot, fresh, great tasting and prepared fast!
The wait staff - simply amazing!
I wish I lived locally as this would be our new favorite.
We will be returning tomorrow for breakfast before we fly out of Las Vegas back to NY.

The food is sooooo good and the staff is very friendly!
We will definitely come back!

Once we walked in, the hostess was very nice and polite.
It was a packed house but we were seated fairly quick.
Our server was Julie.
She was friendly, attentive and overall pleasant.
The food came quickly.
The biscuits and gravy was yummy.
The pancakes were great & eggs were cooked on point.
I think this is a mom and pop type joint so I can appreciate the quality put into it.

We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but it was well worth it.
The buttermilk pancakes and breakfast burrito were fantastic.
The coffee was excellent too.
Would definitely go back!

GREAT Breakfast!
On our way out of Sin City decided to try this amazing breakfast spot.
Our server Julie was awesome!
Party of 5 and we tried a variety of things from the menu French toast, mamas burger, Spanish omelette, ALL great!
This place deserves 5 stars!

Based on a search for the Best Breakfast in Las Vegas we found this hidden gem.
Nick, the owner, meets and greets everyone; he will even spend time chatting with you table side.
The food is very good and plentiful.
Well worth a visit.

I absolutely love this place!!
The owner and staff are always super helpful and friendly.
I come here at least 4 times a week and can never imagine getting sick of this place.
The food is made fresh and always comes out hot :) just like I like it.
Good job mr mamas for your hard work and excellent food!!
You deserve no less than 5 stars.
See you soon :)

A little outside the Strip, but one should definitely come here for breakfast.Food is amazing, service is excellent!!!
We had the Spanish omelet n pancakes..pancakes are one of the best I have had...n the staff never let's your coffee cup go empty...a really good place in all!!

Just left Mr Mama's (been there so many times, lost count) I always get the same thing, and it's always the same....excellent!
It's worth the drive across town to get there and it's worth the wait to eat there!
I recommend it to ALL who want a great breakfast experience :-)

So after reading the reviews we gaff to try Mr. Mamas it did not disappoint.
The biscuits and gravy were delicious.
They make the gravy with syrup and the waitress offered fir me to try a sample before ordering the biscuits, which was very nice, but it was delicious.
My husband had the mamas burrito smothered in the home made chili and a side of Pico, he was very full and the food was great.
While we were eating an unruly gentleman came in and started barking orders at the staff and making a scene.
The owner kindly asked him to quite down or leave, the gentleman proceeded to be an Ass, So he was asked to leave, yelling out the door obviously.
The owner handled it very nice and then came around to each table to apologize.

We were trying to eat at Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris hotel on the strip but their valet parking was full.
So we searched on yelp for a good place near by...Mr. Mamas came up and so we went!
Let me just say the owner knew how to show hospitality and take care of you to feel welcome.
We were also greeted by a sweet and polite 15 year old busboy that took our drink order.
And soon after that our female server took our order.
Now she was also fantastic and took great care of us.
She was that cute Japanese girl.
My kids ordered the typical eggs, bacon, sausage, hash brown,  ham and pancakes combos.
My wife and I decided to order the Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs.
Everything was delicious!
I highly recommend this restaurant!!!
I was really impressed with how this place treated customers and the way they make you feel so welcomed.
Excellent.
I will tell all of my friends and we will definitely visit them often.

Came to visit Las Vegas and wanted a good breakfast place away from the strip.
Thanks to yelpers we found a little gem.
Everything was delicious based on the crowds and our selection of meals.
Great French toast!
Simple and fluffy.
Nothing crazy.
The chicken fried steak is amazing.
Great breading and the gravy gives it an amazing finish.
The gravy is not for the weak-hearted.
Plenty of sausage, bacon and maple syrup!
What?
Maple syrup?
yes, and it is wonderfully amazing.
Biscuits and gravy?
Awesome for the same reason stated above.
Sausage patties are well seasoned and a cut above average.
The service was good and attentive.
Good coffee too.
Wonderful experience and would return when in Vegas.

Had the greek omelet.
..awesome.
husband loved the chicken fried steak.
Definitely coming back.
Good prices too.
Quick service.

Hostess was very accommodating of our group, and kept us frequently updated on the status of our table.
We were able to look at a menu before being seated, & the process of ordering was very easy.
The menu offered numerous options & the portions were very generous.
Everyone was satisfied with their meals, from omlettes to pancakes.
Friendly & efficient staff rounded out the experience.
Tried this place based on other yelp reviews & it definitely did not disappoint.
We will definitely visit again!

First time I tried this restaurant.
Food was very fresh and good.
Service was not good.
Took forever to get a drink refill.
Never came back with my change from the bill until I asked.
No spoon for the coffee.
I will try it again and hope I get a better servcer.

Fantastic service here.
Really kind people.
Told us the wait would be half an hour but they seated us in 15 minutes.
I ordered the chili, which was a bit spicy for my taste, but I'm a spice weakling.
The thing that stood out, really, was the seriously good home fries.
The best I think I've had.
My brother enjoyed his French toast, and my mom's custom order came out perfectly.
Will return if in the area again.

Our first time here and def exceeds expectations!
Hostess who is the owners daughter is super nice & sweet!
Said wait time was 30min got seated in 15!
We ate the biscuits and gravy and chicken fried steak which was the best we've had so far!!
The biscuits were small but they make their gravy w sausage and bacon which was diff but tasted good!
Service is good too, never felt like I had to search for my waitress!
Overall great place to get filled for a decent price!
Not your average Vegas prices!
Def affordable!
We left full and happy!
Nap time!

After spending five days in the  Death Valley / Vegas area I was in need of a good hearty breakfast to fuel my days journey.
Being the owner of a small Chicago-land restaurant (Nu Crepes)I'm keen on the importance of Yelp to small independently-owned restaurants.
Once again Yelp and their reviewers came thru for me.
They directed me to Mr. Mama's.
Loved this place.
Simple breakfast done perfectly.
Which is not as easy as it sounds.
Great staff, super friendly, attentive and accommodating.
Worth the wait.
Do yourself a favor and wait if you have to.
Life is short, so be patient and savour the goodness that will come when you get your delicious breakfast.
I will certainly be back on my next trip out west.

This was our first time here.
The service was Fantastic and Fast!!!
The food is delicious and filling.
..we will be back soon!

Amazing.
Don't bother eating breakfast on the strip.
Go where the locals go.
You won't be sorry.
Doesn't matter what you order you will leve happy.
And full.

great service, great food and great prices.
i highly recommend this place!!!!

This place is great.
Food served fast, and we were greeted by a  friendly owner.
And my breakfast burrito was the best.

Yelper's definitely did me a solid!
The portions are great and the food was outstanding!
I think this is one of the most generous breakfast places I've ever been to!!
I mean when you walk in it's nothing spectacular, and you look at their menu and think, wow they don't have as much as most breakfast places.....
But they're so much better than most breakfast places!
Our bill for 2 breakfasts and 2 drinks was less than $20 yet we couldn't even finish our food!
I ordered the California omelette and OMG I definitely recommend that to anyone!
Huge chunks of perfectly ripe avocado with really tasty pico de gallo!
The omelette was literally the size of a football!
The service itself is like any other breakfast joints, but definitely worth the trip off the strip!

Great way to end a Vegas weekend!
We stopped into Mr. Mamas for Sunday breakfast.
Thankfully it wasn't crowded yet.
The restaurant seems to fill up quickly.
The service is great!
You won't find yourself flagging down an employee here.
:) The omelets are big enough to share, it comes with potatoes and toast of your choice.
Their French toast had a great fluffy texture.
This is a great place to have breakfast without breaking the bank!!

As awesome as the Las Vegas Strip is, you have to venture beyond it's bright lights and try some of the other amazing things Vegas has to offer.
My boyfriend selected this location after asking a friend of his who used to live in Vegas where a good breakfast spot was.
His friend told us to immediate go to this spot.
To hang up and drive as fast as legally possible.
We're so glad we listened to him.
Mr. Mama's is a hole-in-the-wall spot but you can tell it stays busy, with the amount of tables packed into the restaurant.
We were immediately greeted by everyone and seated, with our beverages soon to follow.
If you don't know what you feel like eating, be warned.
EVERYTHING on the menu sounds delicious.
I went with an idea in mind but still ended up having to choice between 3 dishes.
I settled on the chicken fried chicken dish and loved it.
Juicy on inside, moist on the outside and nice, thick country gravy.
The owner came up to talk to us when we were done--it seems that it's his M.O.
there and is a part of the charm of Mr. Mama's.
He pointed out that he remembered chicken fried chicken from his childhood and that's why he included it on the menu.
Hands down, this was one of the best food spots I've been to in Las Vegas.
Get away from the strip sometime and taste the awesomeness of this place.
You'll be glad you did.

Came here for lunch while visiting from out of town.
Really enjoyed the chicken fried steak, philly cheesesteak, chili cheese fries and home fries.
Every employee was very personable and the owner makes the rounds to make certain that the experience was top notch.

If you're looking for some good ol' hearty breakfast while you are in Vegas, Mr. Mamas is the place to go.
Be prepared to wait about 20 mins or so if you get there after 9AM on any given day.
The owner of Mr. Mamas is Greek and he is the BEST!
Service here is top notch and prices are affordable.
Try their biscuits and meat gravy.
Very interesting flavors as they mentioned to me that the gravy has a hint of maple syrup in it.
Deliciously surprising!
Me and the wife went again the following day and would go again if we stayed another day.

Mr. Mama's is probably the best place where you can get a breakfast that will satisfy your tummy and wallet!
The food is cooked home made and you can taste how well each dish is prepared unlike Denny's or I-HOP.
As for customer service, it's great!
The owner of the place truly shows he cares for his customer's by taking his time to talk to each table.
I would recommend anyone to come to Mr. Mama's.
Oh!
And try to come before 9 A.M. if you want to be seated immediately!

My hubby found this place on yelp and we took a chance on it as an alternative from the casino/strip diners.
The staff is amazing, and the food was great.
I had a breakfast sandwich and it was perfect, lots of meat and perfectly toasted bread.
Hubby had biscuits and gravy, the gravy was loaded with bacon and sausage, it was delicious.

We were looking for a good breakfast place away from the strip and found Mr. Mama's due to the positive reviews.
It was about 3 miles off the strip which felt like an eternity in the car.
We walked in and there was a 20 minute wait but the hostess was so pleasant that I didn't even mind.
After I sat down to wait, she offered us homemade fudge samples.
UM YES PLEASE!
I happily ate my fudge and perused the menu...prices were extremely affordable and the food looked great from what I saw leaving the kitchen.
This place was really different I noticed old black and white photos on the wall of a restaurant which I assumed was an old location of Mr. Mama's there was also a large Greece poster on the far wall, the walls were blue and they had a gyro special.
I thought that's kind of strange for a breakfast joint but the owners must be Greek.
We were seated and our service was prompt and good.
Food was excellent!
After eating I got up and was waiting for the rest of my party and was telling the hostess how great everything was and she thanked us for coming in.. That's when I had my chance to ask about the old photos hanging on the wall.
Turns out her father is the owner and the original location was in Michigan and she pointed out pics of her grandfather and her great grand father.
WOW!
I love hearing a restaurants history.
She told me they are in fact Greek which explains the blue wall, the gyros and the poster.
Everyone that worked there was so nice and thanked us all for coming in.
Great experience.
If I lived in Vegas I would be a regular.

Everything from the food to the service and the cleanliness of the restaurant was exceptional!
Exceeded our expectations!

Really good food.
Try the Cali omelet with some gravy on the side......yum.
With the wait!!!

Outstanding food, service and prices!
We had the French toast, biscuits and gravy,  and the Cali omelet.
Super good!!
The owner greets you and makes you feel welcome and important.
We will def.
keep this as a must go for breakfast when ever we are in Vegas!

Stopped in for Breakfast 2 weeks ago with a group of 6, and this was the best Breakfast I have had in some time.
Prompt and Friendly service, and great portion sizes.
Wonderful Coffee as well.
This is not a Drive By but a Must stop in and enjoy!

Me and my wife were in Vegas for 12 days for the NFR, I found Mr Mamas on yelp.
We tried it and we were glad we did.
The food is great the service is top notch and the price is way below what you would expect for the food.
We ended up having breakfast here every morning for the whole trip.
The owner is real pleasant and friendly also and you can tell he cares how the service and food are.
Thanks again for the great service and food, we will be back our next time in Vegas.

The best breakfast in Vegas!
French toast was so good!
Very pleasant staff.
The owner came and introduced himself to my boyfriend and I.
Come eat here, you won't be disappointed.

This restaurant is extraordinary.
The owner Nick and his server Claudia were so warm and welcoming.
Nick not only gave us a personal greeting, but gave us places to visit in Las Vegas other than being on the strip.
Wow, what a nice guy!
He took his time to greet each and every visitor.
My significant other and I wish him luck@ Mr. Mama's.
He is indeed a great proprietor.
Thanks Nick for your list on sites to visit...

Walked 3 miles from the strip to check this place out.
It was well worth it.
The service was amazing.
Very friendly staff.
The owner even talked to us for a bit.
Breakfast was delicious.
Their sausage gravy is made with maple syrup, and it is tasty.
Small local place, would recommend and hope they succeed.

Mr. Mama's isn't much to look at but the service was friendly and my breakfast burrito was pretty good.
Prices were cheap too.
Give it a try.

Sleeping for 3 hours the night before and waking up just to have breakfast is sacrilegious in my opinion.
Who does evil things like that?
Can you feel hungry when you're asleep?
No.
Can you feel sleepy when you're eating?
Yes.
Breakfast as soon as this place opened did not make any sense to me.
The place was empty when we got here...maybe because nobody in their right mind wakes up super early on a weekend to eat?
/endrant  This place is super blue.
Blue tables, blue chairs, blue menus, blue walls...everything's blue.
They say the color blue makes you lose your appetite.
I had a particular song in my head:  "Yo listen up here's a story about a little guy that lives in a blue world And all day and all night and everything he sees is just blue like him inside and outside Blue is his house with a blue little window and a blue corvette And everything is blue for him and himself and everybody around 'cause he ain't got nobody to listen to I'm blue da ba dee da ba die..."  /endshenanigans  The server was lovely.
We tried a few things: biscuits & gravy, western omelet and a cinnamon roll.
That blue vs. appetite thing isn't true.
I ate everything on my plate plus half the cinnamon roll.
Mamas Homemade Biscuits and Sausage Gravy: 2 buttermilk biscuits with sausage gravy, potatoes and 2 eggs.
The gravy was so good and the biscuits were homemade.
4/5  Western Omelet: Made with 4 eggs and for an additional $1, I got mine with egg whites only since I don't like egg yolk.
This has sausage, green onion, peppers and mushrooms, a side of potatoes and toast.
4/5  Hashbrowns: The best I've had in Vegas.
Very tasty, crispy and golden brown on the outside, soft on the inside.
5/5  Cinnamon Roll: The size of a small plate and smothered with glaze sprinkled with cinnamon.
It was a tad bit dry and doughy.
Eat this quick before it gets cold.
3/5

You will have to wait as there are a lot of people that like this place...
I can see why.
The wait was about 30 minutes.
The owner greets you at the door and is more than willing to talk to his customers while they wait.
He's also helping his staff.
The staff turn tables pretty quick and everything is cleaned.
The food was pretty good.
We had the biscuits and gravy and the pancakes.
Great service too.
If you are looking for a local place that isn't over priced and off the strip I would recommend it here.

Chicken fried steak with gravy...yummy!
Friendly staff with quick service.
30+ minute wait, but good food at a good price is worth the wait.
We will be back.

BEST BREAKFAST PLACE off the strip!
I ordered the breakfast burrito and it came with fresh spicy salsa.
BOMB!
The price is right and I want to come back tomorrow.
Highly recommend.
Also, the owner is warm welcoming and friendly!
He greets everyone and is so hospitable!
If there's a wait it's worth it.
Overall great service and staff.

My boyfriend and I went here based on yelp reviews and our desire to get some good breakfast food near the strip but at a low cost.
This place is awesome.
The service was great, the food was very yummy and the price simply cannot be beat.
We loved it so much we went again the next morning too.
We both totally pigged out each morning, ordering french toast, pancakes, omelets, biscuits and gravy...and each time we spent about $10 per person including tax and tip.
So amazing.

Wanted to eat breakfast off of the strip on the way home.
The food was awesome!
Service a little slow; put cheese on my order the first time but overall great food and restaurant!
The staff were all friendly!
I would recommend!

Great breakfast!
Good size portions!
Ask them to custom make you a gyro omelet!
Da bomb

Great place to eat food was excellent and low cost.
My family and I were satisfied we will come back again when we're in town.

Visiting las Vegas .
Needed a good breakfast place.
This is the place to come .
Portions are big.
Food is soooo good.
Especially the thick crispy bacon.
Pancakes and French toast melts in your mouth.
Service is great.
And great for the price.

BEST breakfast place ever.
As a fellow transplant from the Midwest, I can tell you that I've searched high and low for a real breakfast spot to no avail--until I found Mr. Mama's.
You can't go wrong with any of the dishes, but I highly recommend the chicken fried steak and gravy with the pancakes.
The place is filled with mostly regulars who live in the area with the exception of a few visitors who find this gem.
Forget the strip, Mr. Mama's will be the reason you'll be returning to Vegas.

It was one of those mornings when I was too lazy to cook breakfast (this actually happens 90% of the time) so my boyfriend and I decided to try this place down the street from our house.
At first, I was taken aback by all the blue paint.
But considering the restaurant was wedged between two hardware shops, I guess it makes sense....
The staff was extremely friendly and very attentive despite the fact that it was so busy!
Two people came by to greet us and let us know that there will be a small wait..
Which I didn't mind!
It's the small things that matter :)  The beef vegetable soup and chicken noodle soup was hearty and delicious!
I love thyme in my soup and this one had plenty!
I can already imagine myself ordering this and having it delivered to me for those cold winter nights in Vegas :)  I ordered a custom omelette loaded with veggies and sausage, and it was huge!!!
The omelette wasn't overlooked, the cheese melted perfectly on top and layered inside, so each bite was wonderfully goozy and delicious!
Overall, the proportions here are huge and filled me up.
I'll be coming back here again!

Very nice attentive staff.
We had the chili cheese omelette with egg whites and the Spanish omelette with egg whites.
My son had pancakes and bacon.
The food was good but not great but I definitely would suggest coming here due to the very low prices, and friendly staff.
It is very clean here and people constantly coming in even on a Thursday morning.
I wouldn't suggest ordering The chili cheese omelette but looking at everyone else's food on the other tables, looks like they have A lot of delicious items.

In a town of over priced breakfast places and tourist traps, Mr Mammas is a very refreshing surprise!
From the minute we walked in the door and were greeted by Nick to the excellent service of Abby the service was top notch!
The food was excellent and at a fantastic value.
If you don't mind wandering from the strip (10 min away) this is definitely the place to start your day.

Total great dining experience, food is great service is incredible .
Price is very reasonable

First visit to Mr Mamas and it was excellent.
Service was fast and very friendly.
It's a casual breakfast lunch restaurant and it couldn't be better.
Food was great!
Don't forget to try the warm cinnamon roll too!!
Mmmmmm

The food at Mr. Mama's is great, but the service is even better!
Mr. Mama's is located about 10 minutes away from the strip, convenient if you need to fuel up (both yourself and the car) before heading out go town.
It's on a block with auto parts stores, but will be easy to find because there will probably be people waiting outside when everything else is closed.
We ended up waiting about 10 minutes at 9 AM, but the crowd grew bigger and bigger as we ate.
My standard breakfast order is biscuits and gravy, but I decided to mix things up a bit (just a teeny bit) with chicken fried steak.
Our waitress asked if I wanted to sample the gravy first because it was a little different - made with sausage and maple syrup.
The gravy is a little different, very thick, with a hint of sweetness and a bit of tang.
Still delicious though on top of a very crispy chicken fried steak.
The hash browns are to die for - quite possibly the best hash browns I've ever had.
Super crispy, like how did they get this thing so freakin crispy??
Pancakes are really fluffy and the French toast is made with huge thick cut bread.
I can't wait to come back.
I seriously started salivating at the thought of those hash browns.
Great service, everyone is very friendly and we were checked on constantly.
Definitely a hole in the wall to check out!

Hmmmm.... Well, this place certainly would not be 5 stars in my book.
It was alright, busy on a Tues morning and we had to wait for awhile, but that was ok.
The prices were pretty standard and the service was good.
I told the husband that the food was a little too 'homey.
' By that I mean it tasted like what any person could make at home with no real skill involved....like I got an egg and bacon sandwich with cheese and there was just nothing special about it...just an egg, a piece of bacon, and a piece of cheese on sandwich bread.
I also tried the french toast due to the raves about it, and, again, it was totally standard home kitchen fare.
Nothing I would go out to get.
The only thing that was above and beyond was the gravy on the Husband's biscuits and gravy... it had bacon and sausage, and maple syrup in it....pretty different and interesting.
Anyway, I don't know that I would go back on future trips.

This is a 4 due to the service and the price, the staff is very fast and efficient.
The food, is well, just breakfast food, nothing spectacular at all.
We had the 2 egg  breakfast and an order of biscuits and gravy.
Hash browns were very good, eggs were done right, toast was toast.
Gravy was a little odd, but I was told it would be as it had maple syrup in it... meh, ok.
The wait is LONG, be ready for it.
The atmosphere is severely lacking.
But for a $6 breakfast in LV, I get it.

Delish!!
Service was great and super friendly!
You do leave with a smile and a happy belly =)  Every tasted very home made.
Will definitely be coming back.

AMAZING BREAKFAST!
The eggs were cooked perfectly.
Everything was fresh.
The staff was friendly and attentive.
The restroom was clean.
Great prices.
My new go-to place in Vegas!
You won't regret coming here!

Awesome Chilli Omlette (The Omlette had like 4 eggs) and Hash Browns, Coffee and Pancakes!!!
So Filling.
Courteous staff!
And I got all of that for $20 which is awesome!
Had to wait for 15min during peak hour, but it was worth it!

Best place in the area!!!
My daughter and I love to go there.
We go since they opened.
Love their breatkfast!
It's so fresh and delicioius.
Great customer service and reasonable prices!

Expect a wait any day you go, but it's worth it!
Food is very fresh and good!
I had the chicken fried steak & eggs.
Their sausage gravy is infused with maple syrup, the waitress mentioned beforehand that about 9 of 10 like it.
I was one of the 9.
The home fries were really flavorful!
Highly recommend!
Nice place to go & get out of the bustle of the strip!

We found this place on Yelp, and after visiting, it's obvious that the ratings are well deserved.
The French Toast is amazing.
The Greek Omelet was fantastic.
The service was great!
We love it so much we went back the next day!

Having read the past reviews, I find it funny that some people have actually said that they got "tricked" by Yelp.
I'm a local, and Mr. Mama's has been one of my go-to spots for brunch for a while now, and I leave happy every single time.
The service is excellent, and I've never been disappointed with the food.
Have you ever tried their hash browns??
They're always on point.
I haven't tried any of their sandwiches though.
So if you haven't ordered anything from the breakfast menu and you think that this place is 'okay', I say give it another shot!

Delicious.
Server was super friendly.
Owner came by during the breakfast and greeted us.
Coffee was really good.
The food came out in good time and hit the spot.
All 4 meals that my group had were filling and hit the spot.

If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.
Food was amazing, price was very reasonable, and the service was the best I've had in years.
I had the Mama's Short Stack and it was the perfect amount of food and so delicious.
My drink was never below half full and the staff makes you feel welcome and like family.
Another plus is the bathroom was immaculate.
So happy we decided to stop here on the way out of town.
Will be coming back and referring my friends here!

Great food!
I was in the area and stopped in bc I read the reviews before.
They were totally spot on reviews the food was amazing I had the Greek omelet it was so good so were the potatoes!
Yum.
I don't live close to here but I'd make the drive.
Staff is super friendly too!
Definitely recommend!

I'm so impressed!!!
The food and  price is excellent.
The customer service is great and the owner is very friendly.
He checked us in and later came to talk to us.
Also, we sat by his favorite picture and he provided us with a bit of history information on how the mafia was connected to his family history.
We will definitely come back again!

Perfect if you want down home cooking.
The pancakes were fluffy, eggs were perfect and the customer service was awesome!

Went here based on the reviews for lunch and found the food and service very average.
Had clam chowder and BBQ beef.
Both were average at best.

Friendly staff.
You can feel the love of the family that runs business.
A kind man helped us with a sturdier chair for my colleague who needed a more comfortable chair.
Had a work meeting there.
Food was so good that I took my local friends there that following weekend.
Funny thing is, I was the out of towner taking them!
They loved the portion and customer service.
Will definitely make it my hot spot to eat when in town.

We make an effort to stop here for breakfast every time we come through Vegas.
Mr. Mamas staff is always at the top of their game.
And the owner is always present and making sure the service is perfect.
The food is stellar for an excellent price.

Wow....the word is out.
Good , solid, reasonably priced food with terrific folks giving good service with real appreciation for your biz.
What a concept!
Seriously, we have been coming here since they opened and I kinda miss the quiet days there but these folks deserve all the business they are bringing in.
congrats on your success and will def be back for breakfast.
Note to self....try lunch.

A great little breakfast spot!
Wonderful service!
Breakfast served all day and reasonable prices!
Hacienda Hottie Approved!

In town from MD.
Ate breakfast here 2 days in a row.
French toast was great.
Eggs taste fresh and delicious.
If this place was near me, IHOP would never see a dime of my money!
Omelet is 4 eggs minus all the useless filters.
Hubby had the pancakes, also good.
Today I had the Cali omelet.
Loved it.
Home fries with peppers and onions, really good.
They are sliced like like lime pieces.
The staff is so friendly and welcoming.
They remembered we were here yesterday!
If I lived here, they would know me by name!
Great food and a breakfast for 2 people plus drinks only $23.

This place reminds me of Surf Shack on main street in HB.
Breakfast is the focus and the pancakes are amazingly fluffy and light.
Lucy had the french toast it was great.
Service was great and a nice relaxed atmosphere reigns.
Be prepared to wait but you will get hungrier and I bet it will taste even better, which is how I felt.
Nuttin fancy.
Just good home cooked food.

Went to Mr Mama's 2 days in row during our stay because the homemade gravy is the bomb diggity!
The staff is super nice and attentive.
Great diner breakfast!
Check the daily specials hidden behind the Pepsi fridge!

Had a late breakfast here around 1pm.
I ordered pancakes.
.which were absolutely delicious.
Very fluffy and buttery.
I also ordered their breakfast burrito...
I've had better ones at local albertos, but it was ok and very filing.
Hubby ordered the 1lb burger..I took a bite and it was juicy and yummy.
The rest of my group ordered other random stuff and they said they all liked it.
The restaurant is located in the outskirts.
.nearby corporate offices.
Not a very far drive from Mandalay Bay (since that's where we stayed at) definitely a good spot to eat brunch on the way back home to cali.
Price is affordable.
It won't break the bank especially if you're down from gambling.
Lucky we werent!
Hubby and I even picked up the tab for all 7 of us.

Just found our go to breakfast place.
Fresh and yummy food with friendly great service.
Portions are not super-sized, but plenty to fill you up.
Had the chicken fried steak plate and the steak and eggs from the daily specials.
Chicken fried steak was fried to a nice crunch and the gravy was as amazing as others cited.
Steak was a rib eye of about 6 ounces and had a nice flavor.
The standout thing was Nick, who greeted his customers and handled the seating courteously, setting appropriate estimations of wait time, and was a gracious host.

Awesome place, service is great and they are very friendly.
Food is great and very affordable.
Highly recommend.

Good food and prices, great atmosphere, outstanding customer service.
Located in a light industrial park, not where you'd normally look for a Great breakfast food joint.
Mr. Mama himself, Nick, is a gracious and gregarious host taking great care of his employees.
This is telling in the excellent CS.
We came at the end of the breakfast rush MLK morning.
The place was packed with a 15 minute wait.
But once seated our server was taking our order within minutes and food arrived only a few minutes later.
Had Mama's Special, classic pancakes eggs and bacon.
Pancakes are why we came.
I loved the taste and texture but my wife likes them crispier on the outside and fluffier on the inside.
Said the batter was probably beat too much.
Coffee was too strong for me but if you like Starbucks you be right at home.

Great food, great service, fair prices.
What more can I say?
Real sliced ham steaks, perfect pancakes, and well seasoned eggs make this place exceptional.
My wife's omelet clearly was made with fresh ingredients.
I felt that the employees really cared that I received good service.
I will definitely return when I visit Vegas again.

I would eat breakfast here over the buffets in Las Vegas any day.
The service is impeccable and the food tastes just like home.
All of the staff are incredibly friendly.
We were greeted by the owner when we arrived and once he learned it was my sister-in-law's birthday, he made sure she got one of his special cinnamon rolls which was DELICIOUS!
As was all of the food we ordered.
Can't wait to go back the next time we're in town.

Nice family run restaurant with well cooked food.
Staff is very friendly and attentive.

Affordable, GOOD breakfast.
We opted to stop by here on our way out of town instead of eating at our hotel's buffet.
I'm so glad we did.
It was Monday morning of the holiday weekend, so it wasn't a surprise to have to wait about 15 minutes for a table for 4.
I observed that the hostess seemed to be a manager or supervisor of sorts; she was on top of every thing that was going on in that place.
Turns out our server was fairly new, and the hostess did ask us for any feedback on her performance.
Later one of the guys in the kitchen came out and made the rounds asking everyone how everything was for them.
It was evident that they really wanted everyone to be happy.
I really appreciate that.
I had the french toast, which was delicious.
I wish the bacon were more crisp, but it wasn't overly flimsy; I just like mine extra crispy and I would've ordered it that way if I'd thought about it.
But it was Monday after a long weekend in Vegas.
Food was very good, but the commitment to service is what stands out for me.
I'll definitely go back to try other things on the menu the next time.

The owner Nick is awesome.
The service is friendly and top-notch, the food comes out fast in humongous portions.
I have no complaints and will make this a regular stop when I'm in LV.

Outstanding and inexpensive.
The owner is the most efficient manager.
Outstanding service, large portions, everything they do is super great.
I usually ate breakfast in Vegas at Peppermill which is world class, but this place deserves the same outstanding acclaim.
This is my new place and rivals Peppermill at half the cost

Very friendly staff!
Food was out in a blink of the eye and was what's to be expected from a small and quick breakfast establishment.
It was quite a hike from the main drag, but worth the trip for a quite family style breakfast away from the hustle and bustle.

Best breakfast off the strip!
Great food, good prices and excellent service!
And it's smoke free!
Would come back for sure!

Great food and service!
The owner actually goes around and makes sure that everyone is satisfied!
We ate at a few buffets but this definitely surpasses them!
Best we had out here on this trip :-)

Late breakfast before heading to the airport.
Our waitress recommended the Cali omelet which was delicious, we had it w home fries & a biscuit.
Great service - the staff works as a team so you never have to wait to get water or anything else.
We finished at noon & the place got packed out for lunchtime

2 of my buddies and I went here before a round of golf...great breakfast place!
3 Big thumbs up!
Great fresh food!
Great friendly and prompt service!
Try the pancakes they're big and awesome!

We just ate here and I was really impressed.
It's a basic American breakfast with really good Midwestern prices.
We both had big breakfasts under $15 including the tip.
Everyone was so friendly and made sure everything was tasting good and we had everything we needed.
I was really pleased and I will be going back.
Someone names Nick came to our table and introduced himself, told us they would try to make it a pleasant breakfast.
He even held the door open when we left :)

Clean and good service!!
Found this place with the yelp app and worth the drive from the strip!

The Pancakes are to die for!!!!!........
Nick (the owner) is a warm host.
So glad I found this place for BF when in Vegas........

I was a little concerned with my husband's suggestion to leave our Strip hotel and head off the beaten path for breakfast.
But co-yelpers didn't let us down.
No wait at 9 am on Super Bowl Sunday morning.
The staff was friendly and although the seats were on what I'd call plastic lawn chairs, the place was ok. Don't expect a gourmet breakfast, but by using an iPhone app, our server got our order correct and it was served quickly.
My hubby had pancakes and loved them!
I had an egg & cheese sandwich on toast and it was like something I could make at home, but it was good.
The home fries weren't my favorite, but overall we would say it was worth it.
A $20 check instead of $50 on the strip.
:-)

Great food, great staff, a must to stop while in Vegas!!!
Most all items are made from scratch and the owner is a wealth of fascinating knowledge and facts.
Talking with him during our breakfast was a delight!

I went to have chicken salad at this place but it turned out to be one of the worst salads I have ever had.
Reviews in YELP shows many positive feedback but I am pretty sure they are all related to the burgers and omelettes served at this place.
Ideally a salad should be served as per the room temperature and if it says grilled chicken then it should be freshly made and warm.
At this place when the server brought my salad it was freezing cold even the grilled chicken.
It seems they just bought this salad from some kind of freezer.
This proves that they do not make it fresh, all veggies are preserved even the chicken must be old.
It was so bad that I returned back the entire salad.
Didn't asked money back as they should always know through customer feedback so that they would really think about improving their standards.
Seriously guys what it takes to make a simple salad?
Please work on basics and then go for the main course.
Not recommended to anyone if they are going for health food at this place.

Stopped by for breakfast.
Was welcomed in warmly by the employees.
I ordered the French toast combo.
Comes with four slices of French toast.
Three eggs.
Hash browns.
And three slices of bacon.
Everything came out perfect.
Not greasy or over salted.
I highly recommend trying this place.
It's my new breakfast stop.

I had the French toast and bacon with coffee, the food was just wonderful and the entire staff was attentive and helped each other with anything their tables needed.
Will definitely come back soon!

For anyone that is in Vegas and wants a home made breakfast that is good in taste and on price must try this place.
Every time I'm in town is a must!

Looking for comfort food.... Away from home.....  Where to go?
Well.
First, check out yelp reviews in the area, and you may be pleasantly surprised as to what you will find.
I'm trying to find a place to eat outside of the infamous LV strip and I see Mike O's review which solved my quandry.
Located on Decatur, tucked away in the many warehouse and strip mall type buildings is Mr. Mama's.
Simple menu, simple interior, open kitchen, friendly service, most times a wait for your table, good food!
Good prices!
And great and friendly Mr. Mama!
Okay Mike !!!
Chicken Fried steak.
$9.75????
And enough left overs for another meal!
and the tuna melt!
Whole chunks (not flakes) of albacore...
Choice of cheese and a choice of soup or salad, and the clam chowder ?
chowder flavored with oregano...
Filled our table and tummies!
Yelp deal?
Get your deal before you go!

The food was very tasty, and the blue tones in the restaurant were very soothing.

Had a great breakfast with the wife.
Very friendly staff and the owner even gave us his Greek luck to win a million dollar.
How could you go wrong with that.

We stopped in when in town for work, looking for an affordable place to get breakfast.
It was under $20 for two huge breakfasts with coffee.
The food was good, and the manager/owner stopped by our table and was very friendly.
It certainly had a small town feel.
The staff was so polite and helpful!
They have cheap plastic patio chairs, inside but I won't hold that against them because everything else was spot on.

This is spot is a good mash-up of fun subtitles mixed with non-nonsense breakfasting.
Between the fun, tatted-up staff and the plastic chairs at the tables, you get the feeling that this almost more of a family backyard breakfast than your typical restaurant.
They keep it simple, yet comfortable, with their decor but they definitely deliver with their food.
What we ordered: Biscuits and Gravy & Chicken fried steak.
One tip: They will offer but if you're not sure: try their gravy.
It is absolutely delicious but it is loaded with sausage and the taste is a bit different than other places might have.
Be adventurous, just go it and you will likely love it too....but if you're the tip who likes to test the waters first....request a sample.
Long story short: if you're like me, one the rare occasion you go out for breakfast....you're all about taste and comfort food.
Well, here's your spot.
Just maybe....uhhh....make sure you have some room for post-breakfast relaxation....you may need it.
lol

The burrito was amazing, everything else was mediocre... Eggs cold, hash browns cold and not very crispy, gravy was bland.
Service was slow but attentive.
Overall it was a positive and I would go back.

I love this place!
Delicious (and I mean delicious) food, solid service and great prices...you can't go wrong.
The owner explained that 90% of the food is from scratch, and you can taste it.
I got the Cali omelette, once with potatoes and once with hash browns, and a pancake, and everything was perfect.
(If you get anything that comes with pico de gallo, ask for extra.
It's made from scratch and is some of the best I've ever tasted.
)  I'll never come close to Vegas without eating here!

Awesome!
In the order that I received...
Host, the owner greets you and seats you, wonderful gentleman.
Waitress fast, friendly, knowledgeable.
Food, big portions, omelet standard 4 eggs, hash browns crunchy on the outside soft inside, bacon crispy and amazingly not oily!
Sausage delicious and also not greasy!
Fresh toast very good.
Price, super affordable, you can afford to loose a few more hands at the casinos.
Definitely our to go to spot for breakfast anytime of the day!
I think they cook their bacon on a George Foreman cause it's super crunchy and not greasy at all!

Excellent food abd service!!
The Denver omelette was superb, coffee and French toast were fantastic.
We are definitely fortunate to have found this place.
Kudos!

Loved the breakfast!!!
The omlet was made to perfection and had super fresh ingredients.
The coffee was wonderful and AWESOME service!
I don't come to Vegas often but when I do I have to come here for breakfast.
This place is the bomb!!

Nothing special about food  But the service is excellent Well.
The owner is excellent  Some of the staff looked like they wanted to kill themselves

First time here.
Stopped here early morn(6am) for a trip from California to Colorado .. Good food, quick service and a very friendly staff.

Breakfast was great!
Ordered the Western Omelet, the eggs were so fluffy and the hash brown was crispy to perfection.
The best experience of coming here was the atmosphere and the serve.
The owner greets U at the door and is so friendly.
A definite place to visit when were in town.
Don't forget to order the cinnamon roll and biscuit and gravy, a must have!!

Yelp reviews led us to this breakfast spot today.
No exaggeration, this was our best meal in Las Vegas.
Incredibly friendly service, fantastic food.
Nothing to look at, but when you dig into the gooey cinnamon roll you won't be able to pay attention to anything but your taste buds.
Holy cow.
Eggs were fluffy and not greasy.
Pancakes were equally fluffy, and flavorful.
Bacon was thick cut and cooked perfectly.
I'm grateful this place is not local to me.
If I lived within 50 miles of this place I'd gain 50 pounds in a week.
Oh, and did I mention all this - two entrees, two drinks and a cinnamon roll made by the Tasty Fairy herself- all for $22.
It was their valentines day special.
Treat yourself.
Worth the car rental to get here.

Visiting from California my husband and I wanted to try something different than your average Casino food.
Thank God we found this place.
It is about a 10 min drive from the strip but so worth it.
As soon as we walked in we were greeted by who seemed to be the owner and the welcoming was awesome.
This place definitely strives for great customer service.
I ordered the French Toast and my husband orderd the Veggie omelet.
Both very delicious.
Very affordable.

By far best customer service I've seen in long time!!!
Prices on the menu were great!!
Not overpriced just about right!
You Get good portions for your money!!
They try to get you in and out as fast as possible and that's great!!
Food is good not steak food quality but your not going to a steak food joint!
Very impressed overall with everything def coming back!

First time coming here and there's a 35 min wait... good sign for a breakfast place.
The hostess was very nice and polite.
The servers were attentive and nice as well.
The food got to our table quite fast for being very busy.
I got the chicken fried steak and my gf got the French toast.
It was very delish.
Their country gravy was flavorful, the Eggs were cooked to my preference, and the serving portions were very adequate.
The coffee was a lil weak, but I'm used to my dark coffee.
Overall it's a place that we would come back to.

It was time for brunch!
I love reconnecting with folks you don't usually get to see.
Brunch is an amazing place and time to reconnect!
On this day, I was to meet with two friends who live at different ends of the valley from myself.
I live in Henderson, along the I-95, another friend lives downtown and the other lives in Southern Highlands.
We needed to find a joint in the middle.
Nothing better than an opportunity to use the good 'ole Yelp app to find a stellar joint!
When I pulled this place up, I noticed that there were 400+ reviews with an overall rating of 4 1/2 stars.
In my book, that's amazing!
The first thing I though of when I arrived was that it's located in a very awkward strip mall.
The mall consists of auto detailing shops and auto parts shops.
Then there's Mr. Mama's, a brunch joint opened until 2pm.
When I walked in, there was 30 minute wait.
Smaller place, compared to other brunch joints in the valley, however, it was quaint and homey.
Another thing you notice are the blue walls.
Holy moly, that's a lot of blue.
Must have been a really popular color to the owner.
The table tops are usual 4-seaters, decorated with blues, yellows and greys.
Our server was young and super sweet.
She was pretty attentive the entire time and was super personable.
For brunch, I got a couple of things.
The first thing was the Western Omelet for $7.50.
This 4-egg omelet was stuffed with sausage, mushrooms, peppers and green onions.
This dish comes with your choice of potatoes, I chose hash browns, and also came with your choice of toast (mine was wheat).
The omelet was huge!
Full of flavorful sausage, chopped red peppers offered festive color and the hash browns were nicely fried.
The outside was crispy and the inside was soft and delicious.
The only think I noticed was that there was a lot of oil on the bottom of my potatoes and eggs.
So great but a little greasy.
I would still recommend this, though!
My second brunch item was the full stack of pancakes for $5.75.
It was 3 pancakes stacked with butter and maple syrup.
The cakes were light and fluffy, pleasantly fragranced with buttermilk.
Nothing beats a good pancake for brunch!
Everyone should also add this on to their meal :)  All in all, I definitely see the hype to the ratings.
I will definitely be back for more in the future.
This is a great place, centrally located and offers a great menu for brunch.
If you're in the area and you don't check this place out, consider yourself missing out!

Like most restaurants in Vegas outside of the Strip, this place is in a strip mall.
I came here with my sisters and brother in law back in October.
(I know, such a late review, but at least I'm getting to it now!
) We arrived here for breakfast on our last day in Vegas.
It's a very unassuming place but it was absolutely delicious.
We shared a few things.
Their famous fried rice, I can't remember the name right now... and it was phenomenal.
Now, I will always think that my papa's fried rice is the best but this place came pretty close, and that is a huge compliment!
We also got their red velvet pancakes.
It tasted like we were just eating the cupcake in pancake form... needless to say, you should get it too.
We also got a small order of their lemon ricotta.
These were only meh, which is the reason for the 4 stars.
Otherwise, absolutely fantastic little place with great prices!

Had Monday morning breakfast here and there was no wait at 8am.
Typical American style breakfast, no frills, no specialty items.
I agree with others in that service here is excellent.
Servers are nice, prompt and attentive.
Coffee was decent and servers make sure your cup is always full.
Portions are generous.
Veggie omelet:  ordered only egg whites with very little oil, and they did a good job with it.
Came with cottage cheese, which I like, and toast.
Steak and eggs: smallish piece of steak but not sure we really should be eating more than that.
Hash browns were crisp but tasted greasy.
They gave us a fresh cup of coffee to go when we asked for a cup for our current coffee --  that was nice of them!

Great food & service!
Such nice people.
I would definitely come back!!
The food was very tasty.
The service was fabulous.
Everyone is so nice that works there.
Even the people coming in to eat were friendly.
There is free wi-fi to have a business lunch.
I did work after lunch while I was there & enjoyed a delicious brownie.
I will come back & bring friends.

I am a Dodger fan and I love the color blue, but man, this place has blue EVERYTHING!
Pleasant waitstaff.
Quick to be seated, to take our drink order, our breakfast order, return with the food, and to get our bill.
We only browsed the breakfast menu.
I loved the hash browns.The portions were filling and cooked to order.
There was a TV to watch sports/news.
I would be back again for a quick and delicious breakfast.

Looked this restaurant up on Yelp from our hotel in Las Vegas, and was seated within minutes upon our arrival!
The staff and service was great and the food was delicious, and that was just the first day!
The whole family came back the next day and loved it which is a testament to the establishment.
Kudos to Jenna, Claudia and Nick the owner, who came to our table to check in with us.
We will definitely be back to sample the lunch menu, next time.
Great stuff!

I have visited Las Vegas many times and found a breakfast place that has good service and good food.
The host will ask how is everything and they come around to refill your coffee.
We came back the next day again for breakfast and should have come back a third time but wanted to try a new place.
Big mistake.
I'm looking forward to my return trip to LV and going to Mr Mama's.

Nothing special about the food (got the breakfast burrito and french toast).
It's just solid, well executed with no surprises.
Owner is around and greets tables so you know they run a tight ship.
I would also avoid lunch time due to the wait.
If you are looking for something special or more unique, I'd go to Hash House.
This place is more like more upscale version of Waffle House.

This is our fav place for breakfast pickup, it's far from us but the service and prices are on point :) has a small family feel and no frills.
Good food at great prices that's it.
It is in an unusual part of town (industrial area), not a place to come to for the environment.

Highly recommend this place!
Best chili I've ever had!
Great pancakes and gravy.
And the service was great.

Thanks Yelp people..  Good food.
We had chicken fried steak, breakfast burritos, and pancakes.
Fairly priced - for Vegas - and very busy on Sunday morning.
Food is solid.
I wish they had some real maple syrup for the pancakes for the kids...  Oh well.
now kids go finish those bacon.. :)

This place has simply the best pancakes i have ever had in my life.
Service was quick and friendly.

We came by after seeing positive reviews on yelp.
We were here for one day from Los Angeles and wanted a reasonable and delicious breakfast.
We were blown away by the friendly staff, amazingly welcoming owner, and high quality food and service.
We got breakfast burritos which were really tasty and had an incredibly pleasant experience.
We will be back!

Friendly and efficient customer service.
Food was delicious.
Nothing fancy just good fresh tasty food.

This place is amazing!!
Customer service is great....food is great.....atmosphere is great.. and the price is unmatched if I lived in vegas this would be my all the time breakfast spot.
The owner of the shop welcomed my wife and I and he genuinely cares about his customers.

This little inconspicuous restaurant just blew my mind.
This is, by a massive margin, the best breakfast experience I've had.
The food was exceptional and the service was unparalleled.
I'd like to talk about the owner for a minute as well.
There is a distinct difference between a "boss" and a "leader.
" This man exemplifies the very definition of a SERVANT leader.
He runs his business from the tip of the spear and drags the "cart of business" as it were, from the front just like his employees.
I am still reeling from the experience I had here.
11/10!

BEST breakfast in Vegas and exceptional customer service.
It's off the strip, but worth the drive.
Everything cooked to perfection...a good old American breakfast, just the way restaurants use to serve.
My father who is a retired chef gave it 5 stars as well.
I plan to eat here again on my next trip to Vegas!

This place is a little hole in the wall and easy to miss.
a great indicator to me that it was a worth while place was the fact that we had to wait 20 minutes to get a table.
I went on a Friday morning and was greeting at the door by the owner.
I was impressed there was someone smoking outside the door and he went out and asked him to go someplace else.
Oh!!
and the food is great.
I had the biscuits and gravy - best I have ever had!
We came back Sunday morning on the way out of town too.
I will be back!

Great spot away from the strip.
Owner greets you at the door with his relocated Midwestern hospitality!
My husband will be craving his chili cheese omelette for a long time to come.
We'll be back next time we are in Vegas

Breakfast: The one meal that every single person should be able to cook... so when we go out to pay for it - we are all critical because we are all master chefs at making bacon, eggs, and toast right?
How hard is that???
Maybe so, but Mr. Mamas food gets an A+++ in my book for Taste, Freshness, Presentation, Speed, and most importantly AWESOME SERVICE.
The owner is super friendly and is hella funny too!
I miss this place already!
Best breakfast/brunch in LV we will be back I hope you guys maintain these aforementioned positive attributes forever!!

This small breakfast and lunchbreataurant pulls no punches...
It is exactley what you would expect from a industrial strip breakfast lunch place.
The decor is simple and relaxed.
The food however is fantastic.
I had the manhattan burger.
Essentially a patty melt nothing fancy just quality ingredients to make a quality sandwich.
My friend had one of the Omelets which gave me a slight case of food envy, but I had seen the manhattan burg in a old weekly and had already made up my mind to try it and I was not disappointed

This is an excellent place for breakfast.
Not your traditional gravy for biscuits and gravy, but was so delicious.
Steak and eggs special was top notch.
Excellent service, very attentive.
Great to find an out of the way restaurant in Vegas that is soooo good!

We went here based on the reviews and were NOT disappointed!
We created our own sampler and ordered the short stack of pancakes, a piece of French toast and a 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy.
It was all delicious.
The biscuits melted in your mouth and were so yummy with the delicious gravy!
The bacon and hash browns were perfect and we loved the pancakes and French toast.
But besides the food, the service was great and quick.
This will definitely be on our list of places to return!

This place knows how to do a simple breakfast very well and they are very inexpensive too.
For a weeklong trip here with my fiance, we needed to find places that were mostly affordable.
Since we had a car, we didn't mind driving away from the strip to find it.
We ordered two breakfast combos with flapjacks and everything was cooked well and our dishes looked consistent.
The coffee was decent and I would love to try other dishes especially for lunch.
I'd definitely make a trip out here again, no matter how long my trip is, as long as I have my car.

Came here with high expectations and left a bit underwhelmed.
Had a craving for hearty and delicious breakfast food and everything we ordered was just... mediocre for the lack of a better word.
I didn't care much for my omelette as it was lumpy and tepid and my boyfriend's steak was grey in color and it had a rubbery texture to it.
The venue is off the beaten path but you get to avoid the hustle and bustle of the strip.
Their servers were friendly and helpful.

The food is good, nothing that is really any different than you'd get anywhere else, but it is yummy and fast.
The five stars is for the service.
The owner is out there busting his ass with the staff, and checks on every customer.
It's phenomenal customer service that makes you want to become a regular.
Oh I almost forgot, it's pretty decently priced- breakfast for two was $20.

Delicious breakfast!
We shared some pancakes which I highly recommend.
My husband had the breakfast burrito which he thought was great also.
Great atmosphere and service.
Best meal we had in Vegas so far and it was the most affordable.
Can't be beat!

Very good breakfast.
Food is very fresh and tasty.
Chicken fried steak smothered with a maple sausage gravy.
My wife had the omelette with the avocado also very good fresh.
This is a Popular place so get there early.
Staff is friendly and efficient.

This is a must stop when you come to Vegas!
The country fried steak is slap the chef amazing!!!!

Seriously...if you have transportation, put this place on your breakfast list.
Fresh, tasty, filling breakfast choices, all with amazing service from Mr. Mama himself.
Oh, and it's the best value in town and the best staff in town.

These guys are the best.
I've eaten every day on my Vegas business trip here for 20 days straight.
Mr mammas will be my first stop on my next trip.
6 eggs!

This place is close to my house and so low key.
While waiting for our table (took 25 minutes on Saturday for brunch time), the host told us that the majority of their business used to be tourists.
Now, more locals are noticing this gem.
The decor is definitely nothing special, but will hold you while you scarf down their massive pancakes.
Will definitely be coming back for my simple breakfast fix.

This place is superb.
Not only is the food delicious but the owner is a hands-on control freak in a good way!.
You feel so taken care of and welcome when you step inside.
We had the specials which included our drinks -- around $10 each.
I LOVED the cinnamon chip pancakes and the ribeye steak and eggs with hashbrowns and toast.
The coffee was decent too.
I'll def.
be back when I return to Vegas.

All I can say is WOW!
The owner greets you at the door and makes you feel like your a regular.
The food is excellent as are the prices.
We might end up eating only at this place during our vacation.
Thanks Mr Mama!

Amazing!
The best french toast, biscuits, hashbrowns and omelet (california) I have had in forever!
I came with a party of 8 and everyone was pleased from the toddlers to the elders.
Owner is a very outgoing and personable man, food came quick and the service was very good!
We will definitely be back!

This place is awesome Location is a bit off the main drag, and there may be a bit of a wait.
But that's it for the negative.
Nick the owner is friendly makes you feel like family.
Good food, good prices, good service  What more can I say.
Check this place out when in Vegas it certainly is worth the trip

Amazing breakfast!
Great prices, excellent service, and a perfect way to take a break from the overpriced, touristy strip fare.

Nice local business in las vegas.
Nick the owner is very personable and greets u at the door.
It seems there is usually a wait cuz he holds a clip board with the wait list and takes your name with an estimation of when u can be seated.
U can also do take out as well as sit down.
Venue is on the narrow side with two long rows of tables and chairs, still a good size.
And everything is blue guessing his fave color to walls to tables to chairs and its a nice touch that he puts vintage pics of his family on the walls.
Being a family oriented person myself I could def appreciate that.
Menu varies from breakfast food to comfort food to subs and sandwhiches and burgers.
My fiancee and I had breakfast the mamas French toast, with 3, eggs n two sausage patties, and pancakes and bacon with a brownie.
All was delicious.
Pancakes were fluffy and perfect and the brownie was ginormous and it was served nice and warm.
And it was only like $6.75 and $8.75 for huge servings.
Service was good nick checked in on us when we were waiting for our main dishes and asked to staff to put a rush on our order.
Turned out a big takeout order came in and they were catching up.
We didnt ask too and they comp'ed the brownie.
Overall nice breakfast eatery.
Would come again for the chicken fried steak plate!

This place is awesome!
Great food, great prices!
If you get here after 10am there might be a wait but worth it!

My husband and I got to vegas on thursday and we have been back to Mr. Mamas friday, saturday, sunday and now monday before our flight back to Los Angeles!
The owner is super friendly and greets all of his customers and you can see how dedicated and detailed he is when running his business.
His team is also friendly and speedy to get your food in by using  ipods to take in your order.
Their coffee is delicious, I love their ham breakfast sandwiches on English muffin.
Their crispy hashbrown is to die for!
They serve these delicious thick cinnamon flavor french toast...Omg!
Its making my mouth water just thinking about them!
Also, their pancakes are spongy and yummy!
We will be back!!!

A great place off the strip.
Veggie Omelette and breakfast burrito were wonderful.
Good service and nice atmosphere.

First impressions are important to me.
We walked in and were greeted by Nick (the owner) he took our name down and told us how long it would be for the wait.
Not only did he greet us at the door, but he also kept us informed on what the status of our table was.
We were seated and our orders were taken.
The foo was delicious and the customer service is amazing!
I'll be sure to visit each time I'm in Vegas!

Owner is super friendly & greets you at the door, he's got a great smile & you can tell the place is run efficiently.
You can also tell when a place is good when it's in some random strip mall on a Tuesday morning and is packed with people.
This particular morning was my birthday & I was there with my mom & sister.
The wait wasn't horrible & we were taken care of well.
Suddenly a big beautiful cinnamon bun came out to the table & I was told it was for my birthday :) Such a nice touch to the morning-it was the best cinnamon bun I've probably ever had too.
The rest of the breakfast food was tasty & great portions as well.
I can see why this place is rated so highly on here :)

Found Mr. Mama's on Yelp and went there in lieu of my usual Vegas brunch buffet.
Mr. Mama's breakfast and coffee were excellent!
I ordered the Denver omelet and it was the best I've ever had.
I got it with a side of hash browns, which was good, but next time (and there will be a next time) I'll ask for the hash browns to be well done.
The coffee was strong but not bitter, just the way I like it.
Lastly, I was super impressed by the service.
I usually don't expect much in terms of courtesy at a diner-style place like this, but they did good.
Thanks Mr. Mama's!
Oh, and did I mention that the prices are actually reasonable unlike so many places these days?

This is a true family owned restaurant.
This was my first time with my wife; we loved it!
Food:  I ordered the chicken fried steak; the steak had a delicious greek seasoned batter, gravy was out of this world, and my scrambled were perfect.
The portions were very generous.
Love the greek influenced seasonings on almost everything...the gravy was the best!
Service:  Fast, friendly, and accurate service and ordering.
My tea was always filled and food came out just as I ordered it.
Mr. Mama is very friendly; I like how he personally tries to greet and meet all his customers, it gives his place a real "home" feeling.
Price:  At only $4 for an order of home fries and a half order of the best biscuits and gravy this side of southern nevada; it can't be beat!
Everything was reasonably priced.
Location:  Great use of a commercial strip mall location.
I wish they had a huge sign because it's not the easiest to find if you aren't familiar with the area.
I always shop at McFadden Dale Hardware so I knew exactly where this place was.
***Overall, this was a great first impression of a real Hometown Greek diner; love it.

There might be a long wait, or not, but it's worth the wait.
This little gem of Vegas is worth the drive.
Home-made flavors and reasonable prices.
I recommend the biscuits and gravy, steak and eggs, the omelet that comes with feta cheese...
yumm!!
Can't wait to go back to Mr. Mama's.

Really love coming here.
Food is so good.
Homemade at that!
If you want breakfast or lunch I highly recommend it to you.
The service is always good.
Prices are not high.
Might have a bit of a wait but it is worth it..

Ordering at a new place is always a risk b/c you never know if you're going to really enjoy the food.
You won't regret it.
It's reasonably priced, the food is delicious and the staff is generally friendly.
What more could one ask for?

Love it, you can taste when people cook w love, and this has some much love, totaly coming back

Given the great reviews I had high expectations for Mr. Mama's.
They were not met.
It is clean and the staff is friendly but there is nothing exceptional about the breakfast other than the long wait to be seated.
The hash browns, omelette, and French toast were average and no where near as good as other reviewers described them.
I was surprised that they did not put out real butter.
If you want it be sure to ask.
The prices are reasonable and the food is not bad but I think that Mr. Mama's is living off the momentum of earlier popularity.

Loved the service here!
From the greeter to our waitress Claudia, everything was top notch!
My pancake was perfect, cooked but light & fluffy without me mentioning anything to the waitress.
When we originally arrived, we were quoted a 50 min wait on a Monday morning but left because we were hungry.
Went to Max Brenner (which closed yesterday apparently?
) and returned about 30-40 mins later and had a 10-15 min wait.
If your looking for a delicious, cheap eat provided by happy & wonderful staff, look no further!
I would definitely eat here again if I'm in the area ;-)

Good food at cheap prices.
The service is very good.
The servers are extremely friendly & helpful.
I had the country fried steak with eggs and it was good.
The portions are big, so you can share one dish with two people depending on how much you eat.

Delicious breakfast.
Owner greeted us at door and talked to every customer.
Great way to do business.
High quality food, good portions, fantastic prices.
We had pancakes, French toast, and omelets and all were fantastic.
Will definitely return.
All servers were kind and helpful.

Having passed by Mr Mama's on numerous occasions over the years, I was finally able to stop by to try them out.
We were greeted warmly by Mr Mama himself and were seated quickly.
As we perused our menus, our drink orders were take and Mr Mama chatted with us a while.
He told us they have been open for two years now and 80% of their business was tourists, which I found pretty surprising seeing as they are in a relatively industrial and local area.
The place was packed but service was hospitable and quick.
Refills were on point and the food came out quickly.
My ham and cheese omelet was solid and so was the albacore tuna melt.
Very tasty and reasonably priced.
Everything we had was fresh as well.
Definitely sad that it took me so long to give Mr Mama's a chance.
With service and food as fabulous as it was, I anticipate returning to Mr Mama's often.

I love it!
Great Food, friendly staff, small but perfect!!!
I would definitely recommend !!

Came here for breakfast after arriving on an early flight.
The place was clean and friendly staff was a pleasant way to start off our trip.
Ordered the full size biscuits and gravy, came with 2 eggs and hubby ordered a pancake....It was enough for us to share.
The gravy was excellent, savory and creamy and is made with sausage and bacon....super yum!
They also grill the biscuits which adds to the different textures.
Our waitress was very attentive and the prices are very reasonable.

Extremely unexpected!!
Driving by and seeing a breakfast place with rave reviews in a strip mall...almost made us drive away except we were hungry and visiting and wanted to try something new.
Pleasantly surprised, 11am and a 20 min wait for breakfast!
It was delicious!!!
Not overly large and the plastic lawn chairs and tables don't make for much extra seating room but super friendly staff, speedy service, and just an overall great experience for visitors in town!!

Biscuits and Gravyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy

This place is the most popular and highest rated breakfast joint in Las Vegas according to Yelp.
That's why we came and I understand their reputation.
We've been at celebrity chef restaurants in the strip all week, so getting out of the center was welcome.
It was the cheapest meal of the weak (duh) but it was closer to the top than you'd think.
Family run, fast, friendly, the food is competent and prepared right.
Nothing fancy but arching the kitchen, they know what they're doing.
Great value.

BEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY IN VEGAS...thus far in my food journey!!
Scrambled eggs were fluffy and the family owned, friendly vibe is amazing!

My family and I were on a road trip.
We stopped in Vegas for a few days...woke up and was debating where we should get breakfast..being a yelper, I got on yelp and found that Mr.Mama's had great reviews.
Let me just say my family and I was not disappointed.
The owner himself greeted us upon arrival.
He was so very sweet and friendly.
Told my kids how his grand kids names are both J's as well..
Seated us quickly within 5 minutes and off we are looking at their menu.
Kids had their special White Chocolate Chip Pancakes with bacon and a side of sausage.
They loved their food.
Ate everything!
Husband and I had their biscuit in gravy and their Cali omelet..
OMG!!
Both dishes were sooo Yummy!!!!
We love this place and most definitely will stop by again whenever we're in Vegas!

Great breakfast, great service, great prices.
The owner greets your table and ensures everyone is well taken care of.
Had the greek omelet.
Amazing!

My husband and I came here strictly based on Yelp reviews, and I will state here and now that it did not lead us wrong.
This is one of the best breakfasts we had in Vegas, only rivaling Kailyn's Kitchen for taste, quality and price.
We lucked out with only a 5-minute wait, but I have a feeling that this is a rare occasion here.
I had the breakfast burrito, a massive tortilla stuffed full of egg, peppers, mushrooms, cheese, onions, topped off with a spicy (though not overly so) sauce that was, quite simply, to DIE for.
Coffee was delicious and plentiful - the server kept coming back and refilling, over and over, without being asked or even prompted.
My husband had the Greek omelet and said that it was easily one of the best he'd ever had.
I didn't try it for myself (which I'm now sorry for), but I could see feta cheese and lots of filling spilling out over the sides, which is always good news when you're hungry and hung over!
The decor was ... interesting.
Sort of almost like a farmhouse, country style - the chairs are actually in the style of wooden recliners, something you'd see on a back porch somewhere in a rural area.
Service was great - I think the owner was actually in there running things on the morning we went.
Prices are very, very reasonable (especially for a touristy town like Vegas).
Don't let the strip mall location fool you.
We've found that a lot of the best places here are in little tiny strip malls like this one.
Mr. Mama's is well worth the drive and you'll get better food (and service) than any place on the Strip - I'd lay money on it.
Highly recommended!

Everything was great!!
Food was amazing!!
Favorite breakfast place went there 2x on our vacation!!
Highly recommend Mr Mamas.

What an excellent find!
Went there for breakfast with 3 others.
All our choices were good but the pancakes were awesome!
Light and flavorful.
And they served them with a big pitcher of syrup instead of the usual mini thimble portion most restaurants serve that disappear after the first bite.
Never had to wait for coffee refills.
Our waitress was very attentive and we even got a visit from the owner who visited each table to make sure everything was top notch.
Good job you guys!
We'll be back!
P & friends

Very good breakfast place.
It's only about a 10-15 minute drive from the strip bit it's worth it.
We went pretty early about 9 in the morning and it was already pretty full and this was on a Wednesday.
So if you go there any later and on a weekend I'm sure you may hit a waiting time.
We were seated immediately.
We ordered Mama's french toast which comes with eggs and your choice of bacon, sausage or ham.
I chose the sausage.
Anthony ordered the ham steak plate and that comes with toast (he chose the Texas toast), potatoes, and eggs.
Everything tasted right and was cooked nicely.
I love my breakfast so it definitely hit the spot.
Mr. Mama was even there himself and was a nice and dedixated, family centered man.
Knowing someone like that ran the place was nice and he himself went around offering coffee to his guests.

My friends and I were moving from one hotel on the Strip to another, and since we had a car we decided to come here for breakfast.
It was a nice break from the Strip and incredibly cheap.
It was a simple neighborhood place (although some people looked like they came from the Strip); the service and food were good.
I had a 4 egg omelette with 4 fillings for $10 including tax and tip and it came with a choice of toast and hash browns.
While I don't really eat gravy, they apparently make it differently here.
The manager (?
) saw that it was clearly our first time there and gave us a sample.
It was delicious!
Definitely go if you have a car and need a break from the Strip!

Pretty delicious!
Found this place on yelp after thinking the hotel food wouldn't be good enough.
I ordered pancakes since they were the special.
I'm not usually a big pancake eater but these were just perfect!
Sometimes places overload pancakes and I can't possibly eat them all but these were light and fluffy and the ingredients were perfectly balanced.
My favorite thing about this place was that they got you in and out quickly and there was little to no waiting time.
Don't expect big Vegas vibe.
This is a normal place probably for the locals.
The food was inexpensive and the service was ON IT!
I loved it!
I'd go here again :)

Review 100 right here goes to a guy named Mr. Mama!
While that may not be the man's real name, the food's pretty excellent, so if his last name is Mama, the first name should be Slapyo... as in food so good you'll wanna Slapyo Mama!
It's in a really tucked-away place, in an industrial area filled with cars and guns, so I didn't know what to expect when I went with Elite Emily, but we were pleasantly surprised.
I liked my chili omelette (actually wish there was more chili, because it was great), and the hash browns were crispy good in a little slivered semi-cake of starchy yumminess.
Highlight of our foodventure was the staff though.
The owner was in there, personally seating and chatting with people, and everyone from the cooks to the waitcrew were smiling and pleasant, like they actually genuinely enjoyed their job.
You know I'm a sucker for a happy staff, and there's a good bet we'll be back.

This is a little mom and pop place, the food is all made from scratch.
The wait was 45 minutes to get a table, and it was worth it!
Everything was excellent, and even my kids cleaned their plates, which, to my memory, has NEVER happened before.

The Yelp reviews were right on the money for this amazing breakfast/lunch place.
The service was outstanding especially considering how insanely busy they were the morning we visited.
The poached eggs were perfect, the Greek Omelet was fantastic and my breakfast burrito was the incredibly delicious.
Drinks and breakfast for our family of 3 totaled $25 great deal!

Like others visiting Las Vegas...we wanted a good breakfast, not some touristy place with inflated prices and mediocre food.
I googled "best breakfast in Vegas" and Mr. Mama's kept showing up.
I read enough reviews to know that we HAD to try this place.
Let me tell you....these reviews did not lie.
I had the Cali omelette, and I must say, it was the best omelette I've ever had.
I ate the whole thing (4 egg omelette with hash browns).
WOW.
The owner greeted everyone who walked in the front door, and as we left, he thanked us for the business.
This guy knows how to run a  a successful operation.
Great staff and great food.
Absolutely recommend!

Food fabulous.
Blue walls, sea themed.
Route 66 pictures.
Cheap prices for great meals.
Wait long, but food for a song.
Everything looks good.
People are regulars here.
Host saw we had computers, Got us a back table by the plug.
Free wifi for a packed place, We pinged 14 mbs up and down!
Very friendly staff,  Small place in a strip mall not much parking.
We will be back next time we're in Vegas.

Decided to come here for breakfast because of the great reviews on Yelp.
There was about a 30 minute wait on Monday around 11am so it's pretty crowded.
The owner/host is VERY friendly and made the experience a lot more enjoyable.
The food was good quality, though not anything to rave about.
I've never ever had breakfast food that's amazing.
Maybe it's just not possible to create a masterpiece out of eggs or pancakes!
I was searching for waffles on the menu, but apparently they don't offer them... bummer!
I ordered french toast and eggs.
BF got french toast with eggs, hash browns, ham and coffee.
The price for 2 meals and a coffee was under $16.
Not bad!
(Though I just had 1 piece of french toast and 1 egg)  The place is pretty small which is common for these breakfast/brunch places but they have 2 TV's which is great.
The service was great and the staff was very friendly.
Nothing bad to say about this place.

This place is pretty decent.
Their breakfast are tasty, the main reason I give them 4 vs 5 stars is their prices are bit high for the portion sizes.
Their steak and egg "daily special" was $13, you can find steak and eggs ( I mean good steak and eggs) at a lot of location for a lot less.
I had their white chocolate chip pancakes and they were delicious.
My one friend always gets the chili omelet and he says it's his favorite.
The owner is friendly and always comes up and talks to his customers.
I would definitely recommend this place and support local business's

Don't miss having breakfast at this place.
The food is awesome.
There is a wait for a reason.

Yelp reviews drew me in.
So here goes mine.
Wonderfully surprised by the large portion of food and delicious flavor.
Add on top of that, cheap price.
Don't be turned off by the location.
Yes, it is industrial, but it adds to the uniqueness of this diamond in the rough.
It is very nice when the owner greets you upon entrance.
He is the Hostess with the mostess.
He is friendly and even gave me the history of his family restaurant business started by grandpa.

This is what my wife and I call a yelp-bomb...
Which is that yelp says it's amazing but in reality it is below average.
I love chicken fried steak and get it at almost every chance i can for breakfast.
So no surprise here that is what I ordered.
It looked amazing and seemed like it was going to be delicious but unfortunately it didn't taste nearly as good as it looked.
First the gravy was starchy and lacked flavor.
Then the steak was too thick and tough for my liking and it also lacked flavor.
I kept taking the next bit hoping it would be better but it wasn't.
Needless to say I will never go back to this place again.
My wife got an omelet and it looked pretty good but she was also disappointed.
Their French toast looked good so if you go maybe try that.
If you want a great breakfast head down the street to Egg and I... Much better food!

Was in Vegas for a week for Spring Break and managed to eat here, twice!
Superb customer service.
When the owner takes time to be the hostess,  you know he takes care of his people very well.
The food: excellent.
The first time we ate there my son ordered a burger for breakfast.
He loved it so much.
That's the reason why we came back again.
I had an omelette the first time and couldn't finish it all.
Big enough to share.
The second time I had the BLT sandwich.
So good, couldn't finish it, but took the left overs to go and had a great snack on the plane back home.
The staff: Friendly!
The price: reasonable.
Will definitely make Mr. Mamas a place to stop and eat at when in VEGAS!

Love this place!
We go to vegas a lot and always  am looking for a good breakfast place and have finally found one!
Menu is a good size not to many items so not overwhelming and everything is made from scratch and tastes great and the service is excellent!
This will be a regular for us every time we visit!

Been here twice now and wasn't disappointed!
The food is amazing and the people are too.
The biscuits and gravy is amazing.
The French toast is amazing.
The Greek omelette is also amazing.
Will definitely continue to return!

Amazing costumer service, amazing food.
There was a 30 min wait when we went there bc it was supper busy but the staff were so nice and caring during the time we waited that we didn't mind waiting at all.
The food was ammmmmmazzzzzing, totally worth the wait!
I highly recommend this place!!

Stopped by for breakfast, but several people were waiting so I decided to come back for lunch.
I had the Greek Salad.
It was excellent!
and HUGE!
The owner came by and chatted - nice guy - I had to ask the secret to the garlic bread - it was really really good!
Service was attentive but not overly so, I would highly recommend for sure!

Overall great first time experience.
I'm a southern girl so I've been looking for a comparable southern diner here in the valley for the past 6 months since I've moved here.
Mr. Mamas came highly recommended and the yelp reviews certainly backed that up.
Came during the afternoon around 2pm; not busy at all and was warmly greeted immediately whom I would like to assume is the owner or at least the manager.
Each time someone left as well, he made a point to thank them for coming in and wishing them well.
Impressive customer service.
Service is definitely comparable to a southern diner experience.
The set up and lay out of the place as well.
I would have liked to see actual seating at the counter being that I was eating by myself so I was seated at a table for 4.
During busy hours this is a disadvantage for the business when there are single eaters wanting to dine in.
The place is very clean and well kept.
Now food: I ordered the Mamas chicken fried steak and eggs.
Pricing is Very reasonable considering the generous hefty serving sizes.
Most places offer only two eggs where on this order it is 3eggs made to order along with a large chicken fried steak.
I was also very impressed that my meal was not salty at all.
Battered and fried southern meals along with the country gravy that goes on top tend to be on the salty side, but Mr Mamas did not disappoint!
The flavors and taste were all separated and not blended into a salty hot mess.
I could taste the lightly battered fried steak and could tell the country gravy on top had a more robust taste.
Again I was impressed with the hefty serving size and definitely a comparable dining to home style southern cooking.
The good was rather very good...
But I'm giving it 4 stars because I was missing the wow factor to get that 5th star.
Maybe I'll come back for the lunch side then give it the 5th star.
But I would definitely recommend the place and return.
But there was no "oh my gosh" feeling for it to get 5 stars.
It was just really good, but not an "oh my gosh" moment.

Thanks to yelpers we went to Mr.Mamas for breakfast which turned out it be delicious.
We were sick of eating buffets in Las Vegas and wanted something healthier.
It's bit far from the strip but worth the drive.
Portions were huge for the price!
They offered healthy choices such a egg white omelet/brown rice.
The pancakes were fluffy and not dense like cake.
Food was made as ordered and fresh.
Not to mention house made hash browns (which is hard to find) not frozen ones.
The service was fast and efficient.
A hidden gem!

I was in Vegas with some high school classmates who had never been to the U.S., and they wanted an "American breakfast.
" Wanting to get away from the strip and who my visitors a piece of Americana, I Yelped a breakfast place and came up with Mr. Mama's.
To begin with that others have said, the servers and managers are all extremely friendly.
We were greeted when we entered and wished well on our way out, which made the place inviting and great for us out-of-towners.
As a southerner, I ordered my safe but telling biscuits and gravy.
The gravy actually had sausage in it, and the biscuits were good, but it was not the most outstanding version I have had.
I know that one of my foreign friends ordered the same thing, and he was happy with the experience, which just shows that the dish does not disappoint even those who lack expectations.
One of my other friends ordered the California omelet, which looked traditional and delicious.
The omelet was made with four eggs, sour cream, and a healthy portion of avocado on top making it a very appealing dish.
My friend ate most of it, so I assume that it was not bad.
If you decide to go, just know that it serves very traditional but basic American breakfast foods.

WOW!!!!!!
This place is the bomb.
Great food great service reasonable prices and large portions.
There on a Wednesday group of six, place packed always a good sign greeted by Mr Mom (nick) very nice and attentive.
Thirty minutes wait which was more like twenty.
Had 2 chicken fried steak, 2 cali-omelet, 1 steak n eggs and a vegy omelet every one every much enjoyed the food.
Home-fries excellent.
Went back on Thursday.
A bit calmer nick saw us coming by the time we were all in the door he had several tables put together and called us by our names.
Now that's what I call customer service.
Again we had the chicken fried steak, the cali omelet.
Chilli omelet and a burger with provolone cheese which was cooked a perfect medium rare.
The food again was perfectly cooked and fresh.
The wait staff are excellent.
Friendly, attentive we will definitely come back every time we're in vegas.
EXCELLENT JOB GUYS

This place is a gem!!
Not far from the strip, don't be surprised if you have to wait 20-30mins  for seating even on a week day but it's completely worth!!
The owner is present onsite and takes a keen interest in service.
Waitresses are super nice and very accommodating to your food choices and will customize options for you even if they are not on the menu.
We loved going there and highly recommend it for brunch or breakfast.

This place is a gem We were playing with luck (and yelp) when we chose this place.
Mr.Mama's doesn't disappoint!
Great food for great prices.
Friendly service.
A bustling atmosphere that helps you perk up in the morning!
The pancakes are KA-RAZZZZYYYYY GOOD!!!!!
The Greek dude at the front is a talker!!!
But hey I rather have someone who is genuinely a people person greet me at the door than.... Well.... One who's not!!
We frequent Vegas and I hope this place stays!!
I'm coming back for more!

Awesome!!!
So delicious, great portions, and at such great prices!
We will come back again and again.

This was my first time trying out the place.
It was packed, and the wait was about 25 mins.
Well worth it though.
The food was good, the portions huge, and our waitress was awesome.
One thing that did irk my boyfriend and I was how the host was talking to other employees.
The man, whom I would have to assume is some type of management, was getting frustrated and it was easily noticeable.
He mentioned to customers how employees weren't listening to him, and spoke to an employee in a rather rude manner.
It made us feel uncomfortable.
He should be more aware of his surroundings.

Great service and delicious food.
Cool atmosphere and friendly people.
The hash browns were delicious.
Definitely worth the short drive from the strip to visit.

Best breakfast in Vegas.
The owner, Nick, makes you feel welcome and makes sure you leave happy.
Well worth the short trip from the Strip.

Small place.
Easy to get to.
Super friendly staff and host.
There will probably be a wait, but it's not as bad as u think.
Home fries were the best I've ever had.
Good juices, but not fresh squeezed.
Pancakes top notch, but syrup was standard fare (I'm very particular and prefer 100% maple).
Fiance deconstructed her breakfast burrito (tortilla on the side).
It was fantastic!
Definitely a repeat next time I'm in Vegas.
And definitely worth the trip off strip.

We were just leaving Vegas after a fun filled weekend and found this place on Yelp.
I wish we would have found this place the first day we arrived.
First off, you come in the door and are greeted by I assume is the owner.
He gets your name, gives you a menu to look at while waiting and keeps you updated on how much longer the wait would be.
Great personable service by him that really just made the visit that much better.
Then we sat down.
I had the Chili Cheese omelet.
I veryw seldom have this because I don't want the beans, but wow was I happy I got this omelet.
It was by far the best Chili Cheese omelet I have ever had.
The gentleman at the door said he has been making that chili for 30 years and you could tell.
Everything about this visit was a great experience for breakfast.
It is off the strip a couple miles, but well worth the drive.
This will be our breakfast place from now on every time we go to Vegas.
If I am lucky maybe I can talk him out of his chili receipt so I can make it at home.
Probably not but it is a good thought.
:-)p

If you're looking for an amazing breakfast place away from the crowded strip, this is it!
The owner and staff are extremely friendly and attentive; you can tell he takes great pride in his restaurant.
Our server Melissa was awesome!
Definitely recommend the French toast and home fries with onions & peppers.
Wish we'd found this place sooner- very reasonably priced!

My experience with Mr.Mama's was good!
I love their gravy and I even love that they let you sample the gravy before they give you your food.
The owner is very nice and also the waiters.
Everybody work as a team and even though our party of three came in a little close to closing time they was still happy!
I will visit again I loved my chicken fried steak ate it all!!!

This place is great!
We wanted to get a quick bite on the way home and came across Mr. Mama's.
The service was outstanding and the food was even better.
You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
A must stop if you are in Vegas!
Wish I had a Mr. Mams's in my area.

LOVE IT!!!!!!
The place was amazing .
The staff were amazing .
The food was amazing .
I'm from the south and it was nice to have a little comfort food while in Vegas.
I had the biscuit and gravy and I was hook .
I know I'm visiting Mr Mama's my next visit to Vegas .

Very nice place, very friendly welcome and alert personnel.
Go there of you look for a REALLY good american-style breakfast!
Veggie omelett with very fresh vegetables, tadty spinach, mushrooms, chopped peppers/tomatoes; Mama's short stack with pancakes, ham&eggs terrific... recommendation: get in your car& go there!

I always come here while leaving the Vegas compound.
Breakfast lovers' galore!
Been here a few times and never let me down.
Awesome boss standin at the front makin sure everyone is happy- tough because there is always a wait- it's worth the wait - trust me.

After a great mini honeymoon here in Vegas it was time to go home :( we wanted to end our visit with some great breakfast.....  We where greeted with smiles and my husband got a friendly, welcoming pat on the back.
Our server was fast and on point.
Two sips into my coffee and our food is out,  I mean wow that was really fast.
I got the French Toast with eggs and ham and my husband got bacon and eggs.
All was delicious.
I'm so glad we stopped by.
Yet another reason to come back to Vegas

it's been quite a bit of time since my diet and schedule has allowed me a visit to a mom n pop diner, but i tell ya, waiting for mr. mama's was worth it.
who would think you'd find a gem like this on the outskirts of vegas??
thick, meaty gravy with bits and pieces of sausage, bacon and a sharp smear of maple flavoring all atop dreamy, flaky biscuits.
a must re-order  home fries cut so thinly, they were almost potato chips  eggs cooked to a T.  &a breakfast burrito that could rival kelly's back home.
a smidge shy of crispy on the bacon, but it makes up for it in melty, cheesy goodness and a homemade habanero salsa that Hoang T. said he would drive 400 miles for  & the best part?
why, mr. mama, of course!
"the wait's gonna be about 20 minutes, is that alright with you folks?
" "would you like some water while you wait?
" "this here is my grandfather...."   just like in the movies..  mr. mama, I'm so charmed to have met you; I can't wait to come back

Mr Mama, can I get some breakfast please?
So Mr Mama's is a heart and soul Breakfast brunch place that is heard but not seen.
Hanging out with elite Yelper HH and her trusty sidekick RM, we after many back and forth landed at Mr Mamas for a hearty meal before a few sneaky afternoon beverages.
Like a lot of hidden places here in Las Vegas, Mr Mama's is located in a strip mall, with a small sign and a far from cafe or restaurant styled front of house.
Once inside Mr Mamas, it is clear this business is a well Oiled machine.
With a basic decor of blue walls, TVs and a few paintings Mamas isn't anything fancy to look at.
This place let's the food do the talking.
Ordering the Denver omelet, white bread toast and an ice tea from the menu, our group waited maybe 10 or so minutes for the food to start rolling out.
The Denver omelet was great, your typical omelet done right!
The Hash Brown Potatoes were a little dry but tasty.
Others in my group all loved the food, particularly our golfer Freind Shaun, who destroyed his breakfast sandwich like some sort of golf crazy hulk monster with zero body fat and huge guns!
Overall Food: 4-5 Service: 4-5 Cleanliness: 3-5 Coming back: For sure

Great breakfast!
Extremely interesting biscuits and gravy.
Loved the multiple meat combo with the splash of syrup.
We were asked a couple times by what seemed to be owners/managers if everything was ok and everything was more than ok it was great!
We'll be back to Mr. Mamas next time we come to Vegas.
The employees seemed happy to answer questions and in a generally pleasant mood.
My breakfast date said it was the best omelette they had ever had.
This place really delivers and I can't wait to go back!

Very cute home cooked hole in the wall.
The staff was very friendly and super efficient.
The manager came over (MR. MAMA) And introduced himself, making us feel right at home.
The food was great!
I had the Cali omelette with hash browns and cottage cheese.
The prices were super cheap too :)

I am calling Mr. mamma's the "Cheers" of restaurants.
Greeted graciously upon entering, this joint is obviously owned by A Greek family or someone who really fancies the color blue.
It's rare to visit when this restaurant is "slow" because every visit (and yes, I've made several) there is either a wait for tables beginning or ending.
(Yes, the food is that good).
Two dishes, two drinks for just under $20?!
Say what?!
No drive through, just good old classic diner menu items serving up fresh eats for breakfast and lunch daily.
My counterpart swears the French dip is one of the best out there and without a doubt their tuna melt (served on rye) will have your mouth watering at the very thought of it, days later.
Cheap delicious eats?
Yes please!
Thanks Mr. mamma's for your mom and pop shop; keep up the good work!
(See ya next week, and have my tuna melt waiting!

Very friendly.
Great food.
Great customer service.

I found this place thanks to Yelp and I'm glad I did.
The gentleman at the door was very kind and sat us promptly although they were busy.
Our server Ally did a great job and we were definitely happy with service.
The Chicken Fried Steak is the best I've had!
It has a non-traditional gravy with bacon and maple syrup!
I heard "bacon and maple syrup" and I had to have it!
If you're in the area you have to stop!
I'll definitely be coming back!

I was in Vegas for a week and have been here three times, and for a reason.
The food has been better than just about everything else I've had, and the price has been the best by far.
Wait staff is nice, there is a greeter who goes around to make sure everyone is feeling catered to.
He's kind of a bro but a still seems like a good guy.
I will recommend this place to anyone I know going to Vegas.

This place is awesome, we felt right at home, the staff was awesome, friendly and attentive.
I ordered the Cali omelet and the hubby ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs, both of the dishes were awesome!
This is a place you must go for breakfast while in Vegas!

My wife and myself visited Mr/ Mama's twice this past week while in Vegas.
The first day I had the chili cheese omlete which was incredible.
I had never thought of ordering a chili cheese omlette but after reading multiple reviews, claiming that it was great, I had to try it.
The chili goes great with the omlette and isn't over done.
Mr. Mama's has some great tasting chili!.
The second day I ordered the pancake and eggs.
It was another homerun.
They make their buttermilk pancakes from scratch and you can really taste the differance.
We will be coming to Mr. Mama's for many years to come.

Chicken fried steak is delicious!
The owner was very nice also.
Top notch customer service.
The eggs were the most surprising part.
They were really really fluffy.
Breakfast burrito was also pretty good but not as good as the steak.

Found Mr. Mamas on yelp.
Great place.
We went about 830 on a Wednesday morning.
No wait.
Service was fast and friendly.
Food tasty and very reasonably priced.
French toast very good.
1/2 order of biscuits and gravy just right.
Gravy is really good.
Not your typical sausage gravy.
Highly recommend this place.
We will return.

Good food, great service, good prices.
What else can I say..
I spent a bunch of money in Vegas, saved money here.
I would give it 5 stars, but I just felt 4 stars was closer.

5 stars!
I frequently visit Vegas, and I always come to this local restaurant.
The family is very hands - on and friendly.
Originally from the South, it is always refreshing to meet this kind of hospitality.
OH and the food is absolutely delicious and real.
Best prices in town.

My business is a block away from Mr. Mama's, so I visit quite a bit.
The great thing about this place is that you are greeted by the owner when you walk in and again while dining, and again when you leave.
There are very few restaurant owners who meet and greet you in Vegas so this is really a nice touch.
The menu is simple and the food is great.
Breakfast and lunch.
The tourists from Las VEgas Blvd flock here, amazing and well worth the drive.
If there is a line, usually only a 10 - 20 min wait, so no worries.
I don't eat beef, so no idea about the burgers.
The CHEF SALAD may very well be the best of Las Vegas.
Also, Mr. Mama's makes most of its salad dressings, incredible.
Their french fry's are unique, not sure what is on them but so addictive.
The hash browns are to die for.
The Veggie omelet is also easily the best of Las Vegas.
The tuna sandwiches are great.
You really can't go wrong coming here...make the trip.

I ordered the chicken fried steak and one sliced french toast.
They were oh delish!!!
I cannot say more.....!
They were the best!

Excellent!
I agree with all the reviews.
It is like a small Cheers type establishment where the owner takes the time to assure everybody is happy.
Who does that anymore?
Wow!
Very impressed.
I couldn't decide between the French toast and the chicken fried steak.
I got the French toast which was amazing.
Then I tried my hubs chicken fried steak and I was like maybe we should come back tomorrow again.
Yummy, yum, yum!

My boyfriend and I came here this past Wednesday for a real breakfast not on the strip.
We love a good breakfast that is filling; Mr Mama's did the trick!
The wait staff was friendly and attentive; the manager/ owner was there, having a sincere conversation with every single patron.
Having worked in a mom&pop cafe before, I appreciated that the boss was just a genuine dude, unlike the doofuses I used to work for.
The gratitude, kindness, and personality of the restaurant and its staff is just awesome.
I just wish we had quality places like this back home!
The attitude here spoke volumes about the business.
Thanks Mr Mama's for filling us up with a yummy home-style breakfast!!
KCCO

Awesome service, awesome food, great people!
Try the French toast and the chicken fried steak!
You won't be disappointed!!
SO DAMN GOOD!

We came here with my newly wedded cousins who wanted to eat American food while they were in America for the day, so naturally I yelp searched the area and found this GEM.
As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by (I'm sorry I forgot his name) but a really nice man who looked to be the owner!
We never had to get anyone's attention to ask for service because they were just really good at coming to us often to check up on us!
The food was also just as delicious.
Everyone loved everything!
The Denver omelet, the Cali omelet, the pancakes, the hashbrowns, the French Toast,  EVERYTHING.
If you're in the area and looking for a breakfast/brunch joint, 100% recommend Mr. Mama's!

Excellent breakfast in Vegas.
Nick the manager is very friendly.
Food is great.
Prices are good.

Really recommend this place!
I felt welcome from the moment I walked in and the service was excellent.
The food was excellent too at a very good price!

This place was amazing!
The owner is pleasant and the staff is awesome.
We had French toast and the Cali omelette and they both tasted great and fresh.
I always order poached eggs and finally someone got it right!
Great job Mr. Mamas, I can't wait to come see you guys again on my next visit to Vegas.
The owner himself is a great guy who welcomed us and was busy cleaning, helping his staff, checking on customers and doing anything he could to make our visit more enjoyable.
Such a rarity to see such great hospitality and quality!!

I love love love this place.
Whenever we head to McFadden Dale's hardware we grab lunch at Mr. Mama's.
It's always good, but the word is out.
Get here early or you will have to wait for a table for lunch.
Full breakfast menu, friendly staff, attentive owner and some of the best burgers in town make this a definite do-over.

Folks screw coming to Vegas for the slots, strippers and shows....   Come for Mr. Mamma's..... At least that's the only reason I will ever be coming back to Vegas!
Good ass home cooked food, good price, big portions, THE BEST customer service in THE WORLD....
It's dinner truck-stop food, bottomless coffee always filled, and refilled by the coolest nicest burley tattooed dude ever, heck I was in good company!
A zero tolerance for hungover douchebags, seriously you don't want to mess with the staff here.... Just eat your perfect chicken-fried steak, eggs and hash browns, be nice, drink your coffee and nurse that hangover!
I have to rate this place highest on my list of best places to eat with best customer service!

This place is awesome.
The owner greets us and stopped by the table to visit.
The food was hot and fast.
The bacon was crisp and flavorful.
I tried the chicken fried steak.
Cooked to perfection with the tastiest gravy I have ever had.
The staff is well trained and friendly.
A+ for both good and service!

Awesome breakfast and great service!
French toast are really good!
I'm glad we found this place while visiting Vegas :)

Mr. Mama's is a hole in the wall that serves excellent food and is located about 3 miles off of the strip.
I would recommend anyone to try them out.
Their place is small but worth the wait if there are no available seats.

Whoever the guy was that greeted us at the door and took our names was awesome, super friendly and made us feel like they would do their best to get us in right away, and they did!
It was worth the 10 minute wait!
Service was above and beyond, super clean location, friendly staff, great food and fast service.
No complaints!
Definitely worth stopping in.

Fast, friendly service and a very clean eating area.
We were seated promptly, and the food was fast and very tasty!

Great service, great prices and great food.
Best onion rings I've ever had!
Really worth getting off the strip.
Burger better than A certain angry British chef's.
Honestly!
Forget Gordon Ramsay come here for a better burger and support your local community!

I was a little reluctant to go there at first.
It looked plain and blend.
We waited for about 15 minutes, which was OK ( wow, they actually had people waiting which was a good sign).
The service was good but not great.
The waitress was nice, but not very experienced.
She kept asking me if I want to top off m coffee which was a little annoying.
I asked her how big the pancakes were for my sons and she said there were "normal small pancakes".
Well, let me tell you they were huge and great.
The food was excellent and big portions and the prices were very reasonable.

Yummy food and very friendly staff.

This place is very popular and we had to wait about 30 minutes to get a table, the food was good and well priced, we had french toast with eggs, a pancake and burrito.
The coffee and tea get free refills but I'm not sure how long you can make a tea bag last as they only refilled the hot water.. pancake was nice after adding butter and maple syrup all over it otherwise it's a bit dry.
My husband loved his breakfast burrito with the spicy sauce on the side.
Service was good and the host(/manager/owner?
) was really pleasant and friendly.
Good diner all round.

Amazing all around breakfast in a clean organized and happy environment.
Everything cooked the way it should be.
Pancakes, French toast, whatever you crave Amazing!

Food was good.
Coffee was delicious!!
Place gets pretty packed.
But staff were all friendly.

Gotta love a place where you can get good eggs, hash browns, toast, and sausage for under $10 ($6.75 to be exact).
The wait staff is super friendly and the place is really clean!
Will definitely come back here the next time we're in Vegas!

Customer service made me come back.
Everytime I come to Vegas I make a huge effort to eat here each time.
The food is great but the service tops it off for sure.

Filling American breakfasts and very good service.
If you want better than Dennys or most of the strip, this diner won't disappoint.
The owner greets you and makes the round checking on customers, the servers are friendly and attentive, and Allie was very helpful.
While you may wait for a table because this is a popular spot, the food will be served pretty quickly.
The chili omelet was tasty and filling with perfectly cooked hashbrowns.
The coffee is okay, medium roast, and they keep refilling your mug.
My group ordered other omelets and pancakes and everyone enjoyed them and no one could finish because of large portions.
This is a type of restaurant you'd find on a TV show for good quality and good service.
This is the place to go if you don't want a lot of flash, but want good service, good food and good portions.

Nice

Fantastic welcoming by the staff.....serviced right of way with coffee & orange juice....place looks very clean staff well groomed love it so far!
Started with a cinnamon roll delicious!!
This place is delicious the service is great & prices are VERY reasonable.

Thought we'd love this diner based on yelp reviews.
Totally agree that the owner and his staff are amazing!
Friendly and super nice!
Prices are very reasonable for the most part.
The restaurant is clean and we were seated quickly.
I was really surprised, tho, when are waitress explained that the side of fruit I ordered came from a can!
Our meal seemed to take longer than it should have to come to our table and it really wasn't anything special.
Coffee was meh.
If you are looking for a friendly restaurant with filling, inexpensive food off the strip, then this might be the place for you.

Service is good, breakfast burrito was good - add avocado, that is a must.
This kind of dinner is what makes LV a great place.
Take the time and get away from the strip.

The cali omelette was very good, and I'm not the biggest omelette fan.
The eggs were nice and fluffy and not overcooked and the flavours really went well together.
Topped off with some cholula for a nice kick.
The prices are great, as good value as you'll find at a diner.
You may/probably will have a wait depending what time you show up.
They don't have corned beef hash, huevos rancheros, or eggs Benedict which are all breakfast staples I absolutely love.
This isn't really a knock, I'd rather have them do foods well then add more stuff and half ass it.

Great breakfast place to hit in Las Vegas.
Nick is a great host for a Detroit Tiger fan.
Excellent quality food and many breakfast dishes to choose from.
Good pancakes.
You can order hash browns or home fries.
Ask for hash browns and make them crispy.
Get here early especially on the weekends it fills up fast.

Really nice discovery by one of my cousins.
It is just a really nice breakfast place off the strip.
I had the ham and cheddar cheese omelette with home fries.
Really tasty.
I also had the biscuit with a side of sausage gravy.
Excellent.
I am a big fan of simple food, being well prepared.
Service friendly and quick.

Very solid (but unoriginal) breakfast spot.
Didn't see a single unique or interesting item on the menu but the short stack I got (2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 3 slices of bacon) was satisfying.
Nothing was greasy, bacon was high quality and well cooked, pancakes were adequate.
Not sure how this place has 4.5 stars over so many reviews due to the plainness of just about everything but I also couldn't point to anything bad about the meal.

If I could rate this place any higher then a five I would just based on the service alone!!!
Everyone was super friendly, especially the gentleman up front...
He had nothing but great things to say and treated everyone so wonderfully that I'm assuming he had to be the owner.
The food was great.
Nothing special or exciting but what they do they do really well...
I always order scrambled eggs but never really enjoy them and for the first time in a long  time I did...
I will be back everytime I come to vegas Andwill recommend coming here to my friends

Thanks to Yelp I was able to find this Gem that wasn't  attached   to a Hotel or Mall.
we were greeted by a friendly host.
The rest of the staff are very efficient & friendly.
Very Good down home Breakfast...good fluffy French toast with a touch of cinnamon.
Hubby ate the well reviewed  Cali  Omelette...I just needed stronger coffee but the good food and great staff was definitley 5 star worthy!

So glad I found this place on yelp.
It's a very small restaurant, but definitely worth the wait.
Very affordable and delicious tasting food.
I recommend the Cali omelette!
I'll definitely be coming back!

We thought we try this place since it got excellent reviews.
The place seemed clean, open, and friendly.
Wait time, maybe, 20 minutes.
We sat down got our drinks for breakfast and we waited.
They had plenty of staff, but our waitress took maybe fifteen minutes to take our order.
We decided to try some of the popular items like Cali omelet, chicken fried steak, biscuit and gravy, and pancakes.
Overall, the breakfast was good.
Their homemade gravy was decent, but needed more pepper and flavor in the sausage.
If I lived on that side of town, I would come back to this place.
However, there are great breakfast places around town that I would try before coming back.

This place does a nice job of setting your expectations low, in a strip mall, off the strip, and plain decor.
But the food can stand on it's own.
It's not fine dining.
It's no nonsense, quick and easy.
You'll probably get an omelet.
The advertise 4 eggs is about what you'll get.
Bigger than your average, but hearty.
You'll get what you expect.
I had the spanish omelet (2 cheeses, spinach, and avocado).
Omelets aren't too complicated, of course, but it was served quickly, a decent portion, and it was better than I thought.
Service was good, fast, polite, and attentive.
(Thanks, Melissa!

Went here aroud 11:30am on a Sunday, there was a bit of a wait for the 5 of us.
30 minutes or so, but did not mind.
All of us ordered off the lunch menu and enjoyed our sandwhiches.
I was looking at the breakfast items walking by and will definitely go back to order off the breakfast menu.
They are only open from around 6am-2pm 7 days a week.
So make sure to get there early.

Yes, I know it's only breakfast, but this place is amazing!
Everything tastes super fresh and tasty!
Expect to wait about 25-30 mins., but i promise you it is all worth it.
Not to mention the staff is super attentive and nice.
Am loving this place!

Super friendly owner, great service, off the beaten path, obviously a lot of locals, not fancy but acceptable furnishings.
Food was very tasty with ample proportions.

Great food and great service!
We stopped by here after seeing all the great reviews on yelp.
This place definitely lives up to the hype.
Portions are huge, the food is delicious, and everyone is so friendly.
If you come to las Vegas or are in the area you need to stop by and grab some breakfast or lunch.
We'll definitely be back!

Very customer focused down to earth staff& food is home cookin& filling.
Very packed dining area butt staff makes you feel like you are the only guests.
Big variety in menu

First time here!
Service and food was awesome.
Staff is extremely friendly!
Owner is down to earth and interacts with everyone in the dining room.
Food was delish!
I recommend the country fried steak and eggs.
Definitely coming back next time we're in Vegas!

Great spot for breakfast.
Away from the Vegas strip, so great to get away from all the hustle.

From the outside, this non-descript, strip-mall restaurant doesn't look like much, but the food certainly stands on its own.
Quick, attentive service and large, delicious portions make Mr. Mama's a great breakfast spot for Vegas locals or tourists who have access to a car.
I had the Western Omelette - something I've ordered at dozens of restaurants but this was definitely one of the best I've had.
As I mentioned, they are huge portions and you could probably split one with another person... but it's really good... and you may want it all to yourself!

The best sausage gravy !!!!
Great customer service!!
Short wait was well worth it.
I would go here a lot if I lived in Vegas !

Zero stars if possible.
On my family vacay and was suggested to come here by my sister.
Our friend had got there first and reserved table for us first but when we got there the guy with the clipboard put us at the end of the list.
Really??
Later on Guy with the clipboard refused service because my fiance was keeping the door open for my family?!
Really??
Throwing slurs at us and being all mighty with his clipboard?
Racist jerk.

Love this place!
Awesome prices... Well worth the cab drive over!
The gravy is to die for along with everything else!
We had the country fried steak, biscuits and gravy, and pancakes (4 of us split) good portions and good environment!

Only thing that beats the food here is the amazing family service wonderful breakfast place while in Vegas!!

It was nice to eat at a real mom and pop place for breakfast after eating at over rated tourist trap restaurants on the strip.
The staff was very friendly and personable .
You can tell they take great pride in their establishment.
Was greeted at the door by Mr. Mama himself.
Place was full on a Thurs morning but we waited only 5 min.
We ordered Greek omelet , veggie omelet (all egg whites) and my kids had the short stack combo .
Portions are very generous!
Bring a hearty appetite.
All the food was excellent.
The ham that came with the combo was a nice thick steak, not a thin dried out piece you might get at an IHOP or Denny's .
Our bill was only $42 before tip.
I paid $6 for a regular coffee at the Mandalay Bay so it was a bargain.
Will definitely make Mr Mamas a stop whenever we go to Vegas !

We ended up here as we'd needed to look at some kitchen and bath fixtures at a store next door.
The wait was about 40 minutes, but it passed quickly.
All the people lined up outside and speed walking across the parking lot to put their name down; I'll admit it, I was intrigued.
Quick summary.
The French Toast was the best I've ever had.
I loved the cinnamon!
I'm not a French Toast nut, but I inhaled this.
Came with eggs and some bacon.
- Standard stuff.
My husband had the California breakfast burrito and he was more than happy.
He offered me a bite, but no - sorry, I'm way too busy with my French Toast.
Our kids shared a pancake breakfast, per our servers recommendation.
It was the perfect size.
The owner, Nick was at the front of the restaurant.
He was taking names and seeing that everyone was sat promptly.
He runs a tight ship.
I watched/listened to him sternly speak to his line cooks about an incorrect temperature on a steak, and thought to myself that you'd really need a thick skin to work there.

For non-locals, aka everyone coming to Vegas for The Strip, the location of this restaurant is probably super random.
But trust my words when I say that it is definitely worth your while to find your way here as you head out of Vegas and you're needing to recover.
And for locals, you've got quite a gem!
It's as satisfying as breakfasts get.
You get delicious and large portions of food served by super friendly staff, at a super cheap price.
WIN-WIN-WIN.
I had the Western Omelette and a side of hash browns.
Each omelette is cooked with 4 eggs, and if you want to pay just a little extra you can have it cooked with egg whites instead.
The Western Omelette is made with the perfect combination of sausage, mushrooms, green & red peppers, and green onions.
The cooks get this combo just right, and its a large serving so be prepared to have a little extra to take home.
We arrived right before 9 am and we waited about 5 minutes as they prepared a table for us.
I noticed it got very crowded after we were seated though.
Makes sense with how good this place is, so try to get there early!
Plenty of parking available too as it's on a kind of strip mall/plaza.

Best Spanish omelet the wife and I ever had.
Spinach,  Cheese and Avacodo were very fresh,  and they definitely don't skimp on how much of the ingredients they give you.
The biscuits and gravy were amazing.
Very impressed.
We will for sure come back when we visit again from Arizona.
We had read a prior review from 5 days ago regarding racism?
Huh???
Lol...
The staff was friendly and far from racist.
Myself being Filipino from Florida, I know racism.
I am also a Phx Police officer and deal with a lot of fake people and s***heads daily.
Sean and the other staff were more than welcoming to us and any other patron of color.
They talk to EVERYONE and all feel at home there...I laughed when I read that review.
And also, if youve ever been there, you know that it was a nice gesture  from staff for the other eating guests to ask someone to please not keep the door open from the 110 degree heat.
There are tables near the door!!!
Anyways.
A great place, great staff...
Enjoy!

Everything was freaking delicious and the service was excellent.
It is priced fairly, in my opinion, and the dudes working here are super cool.
They asked us how the food was, and we had some short, funny conversations with the owner/worker as well.
Portions are huge!
There will probably be a wait, so while you wait, you will salivate!

Cali omelet was excellent.
Had higher expectations for the biscuits and gravy.
Had to wait for awhile but the quality of food and price were outstanding.

The best breakfast I have ever had.
It was a 40 minute wait but it was completely worth it!!!!!
I had the veggie omelet which was awesome.
My mom and dad got the cali omelet which was the best omelet I ever had.
Their French toast was also amazing.
This place is great and you need to try it.
I really recommend it.

It is obvious that Mr. Mama's takes great pride in what and how they serve their customers!
Everything that we ordered was nicely done of the finest quality.
Example one: Side order bacon!
This $3.50 side order blew my mind with 4 thick cut, meaty, perfectly done pieces that is a bacon lover's trip to heaven.
Example two: Our waitress brought to our attention that the toasts that she delivered may be slightly charred and she would be glad to replace them.
We were startled because they were fine except for a tiny spot on the edge.
More evidence that they try to serve only the best to each and every customer.
We'll be back!

My wife found this place on Tripadvisor as one of the highest rated affordable restaurants in Las Vegas.
We gave it a try and were pleased we did!
While it is located in a small strip mall off the strip with a very uninspiring front, once inside I could understand the rating.
The owner met us as we walked in and made us feel immediately welcome and important.
The staff was super friendly and obviously loved their jobs and represented the place well.
The owner also came over to our table once we were waiting for our food (a properly short wait) and told us about the picture on the wall as being from his grandfather back in Pontiac Michigan and the restaurant he ran during the depression.
The owner and his staff rate 5 stars alone and genuine hospitality and appreciation for my business is so unusual these days.
I had a French Dip au jus and my wife had a Grilled Chicken Sandwich.
Both were very good, cooked well with fresh ingredients.
The only thing keeping this from 5 stars was that the food needed salt and pepper but in my opinion, that is fairly common these days with all the attention being paid to sodium.
A small price to pay (adding salt) for having a very enjoyable lunch while supporting a business that appreciates it's customers!
I will definitely come back next time in Vegas and I highly recommend this restaurant.

We always stop by for Sunday morning goodbye breakfast, & this place does not disappoint.
My husband LOVES the chicken fried steak & eggs and the gravy here is SO good.
The wait staff is friendly and attentive, coffee is never empty.
We will most definitely continue with our Vegas breakfast tradition!

This has to be one of the best local places in Vegas for a good breakfast.
The staff is amazing, the owner at the door is just the best and really makes you feel welcome.
Now to the important stuff, the food.
I love the breakfasts here.
I have been here twice and can't say enough about how good the food is.
If you like Chili, you have to try the Chili Cheese Omelet.
Wow I love this Omelet.
The Prices can't be beat, especially when your in Vegas.

Stopped by on the way home from vegas.
Had the Cali omelet and hash browns and substituted toast for one pancake free of charge :).
My hubby had the greek omelet.
It was good too.
The pancake was sooooo amazing.
The best I've had.
Everything is from scratch and you can taste it .
Our waitress Julie was so friendly and nice.
Even offered us drinks on our refill to go for our drive back to San Diego.
We were shocked!
No one has ever offered us that before.
We were kinda shy and cought off guard by the offer .
So sweet!
The best service and best food.
Will be back again.

I really enjoyed this place.
Visited on 06/14 (Saturday) around 11:30a.
Waited about 30 minutes for a table.
Had the Denver omelet (4 eggs!, ham, peppers, and cheese), husband had the mushroom Swiss burger, little had a pancake.
The omelet was delicious and so were the home fries.
Husband enjoyed his burger (was juicy, NOT dry).
Little one polished off the made from scratch pancake.
Truly, it is hard to make out of this world breakfast food, but there's something about a good breakfast spot that smells of delicious fresh-brewed coffee when you walk in.
The pancakes were light and fluffy and delicious.
Staff was very friendly and checked on us throughout our meal.
We never had to ask for anything.
This in itself is worth another visit.
And maybe another one after that......

Was treated to a birthday lunch at a new place.
I had the taco salad and have been craving another one since.
The portions are ridiculously big but the price is not.
Service was attentive and friendly.
Place seems to be busy but so worth the wait.

Greeted with a warm welcome, sat very quickly!
This place is a well oiled machine.
Great pancakes, and the eggs were cooked perfectly..
The sour dough toast was sooo good.
Really nice staff too!

I love eating breakfast here, the owner is very nice and greets everyone who comes in.
Food and service was great!
I will definately come back.
Prices were great as well.

Hope you love blue cause there's lot's of it!
Decor is simple and clean with an open kitchen so you can see exactly how they're making your food.
Maybe I could be totally off but it appears to be themed after "Greece" everything is blue & white with two large art pieces in the back of Greece.
It's a very hands on and interactive setting, servers acknowledge you right away they're seen constantly engaging the guests which I find makes this venue even more warm and inviting.
The menu had a nice personal touch to it and it "put a smile on my face.
" It's your traditional American fare breakfast, no twists or turns very minimal and basic.
Being a fan of chili I had to give it a try.
I ordered a western omelet with good ol has browns and wheat toast.
My friend ordered 2 eggs, hash browns, and rye toast with only 1 yolk, I know she's quite the health freak.
We both could not resist the chili and unfortunately we were disappointed, it's a little too sweet to be chili.
My girlfriend stated the meat tasted like meatballs and the chili tasted like Prego.
Nevertheless we were still excited for our food, the flavor of the hash browns were bomb!
My omelet wasn't anything insanely out of this world but decent.
My girlfriend and I enjoyed our hash browns and toast the most, the flavors were so good.
All in all it's great value for the amount of food we ordered plus drinks, our bill came out to $24 which is pretty sweet deal for two people.
I would return again just to see if there are any additional standout items.

Food/Taste: B I placed an order for an omelet with american cheese, bacon, bell pepper and grilled onions with a side of hash browns, Texas toast and grits.
The omelet was good but after a while it tasted dry and like it needed some flavor (some salsa would've been perfect!).
Order Accuracy: D My Texas toast because sourdough bread at pickup and my hash browns became onion rings (which come on, onion rings and an omelet doesn't even sound right!
I know its Vegas and all but really!?!
)  Selection: A Very extensive menu and it's widened by many options that allow you to "build your own.
"  Service: B As soon as I walked in I was greeted and my order was ready.
The girl that took care of me had a bit of an attitude, but my day was off to a good start so I didn't let it get to me.
Price: B The price for my meal was around $15-17.
To me that's a little steep, but it was a lot of food and I was definitely filled up so I'll meet you halfway on this one.
Other Thoughts: Whoever is working the phones/pickup area needs to be an outside of the box thinker.
Like I mentioned earlier, some salsa really would've made a huge difference on the omelet and they included no sugar for the grits.
It just so happens my hotel has a coffee maker so I was able to find some in the room.
You are literally right around the corner from the strip so it's not that far of a stretch to assume that you're going to get a lot of tourists.
If its someone's first time eating here, they won't know the questions to ask when it comes to what comes with the order or what they should've asked for.
Be that person that thinks outside of the box for us tourists.

I dont understand the great reviews.
Greasy diner food, served up in an industrial strip mall, with average customer service.
They are ok, but definitely not worth 5 stars!
So many other options offering up better quality food and ambiance.

Absolutely the best place I enjoy going for breakfast whenever i'm  visiting Vegas.
Owner is a very pleasant guy to chat with.
He made a point to drop by each table to see how everyone was doing.
Be sure to check out the big black-and-white picture on the wall of his dad when he was a chef "back in the day".
It's only a mile or so off of the strip so not far.

I figured I would stop in before I headed back home..
The place is cafe style.
Very clean and busy like a place should be.
I was greeted by a stocky bald guy who was just awesome and the perfect person to be up front.
I ordered the cali omelette made with egg whites and homestyle potatoes well done.
The omelette was outstanding.. one of the best I had..
I didn't even need to add tabasco like I usually do.. the potatos were perfect and not burnt..  Staff was all friendly, very attentive and seemed to really appreciate the business..
Highly recommended!

I have had it booked mark for about a month now and finally could go.
I have to say I was not disappointed at all.
The reviews I read are in point.
I really lived the food.
We had to wait for about 30 minutes to sit but it was definitely worth the wait.
It is a little small.
I think they could use a bigger spot cause the food is great.
Service was excellent!!!
We ordered French toast, 2 orders of eggs which came with hash browns or home fries, and toast and was only 4.95.
French toast was 2.50.
Also ordered the steak and eggs which is a thin rib eye, home fries, 2 eggs and toast for only 10.00.
Then we also ordered the Cali omelet and that was 4 eggs, home fries and toast.
Total with drinks came out to 35.00 for 5 people!!!
The Cali omelet was so awesome!!
Sour cream on top, sausage cheese and grilled veggies with avocado.
Rib eye was juicy and flavorful not the best rib eye but great for a breakfast plate.
My son said it was the best French toast he ever had too.
Great for brunch too!

Chicken fried steak and eggs rocks!!!!!!!
Service was excellent.
Very attentive.
Portions were big and prices were fair.
Location was easily accessible with plenty of parking.
Restaurant was clean and coffee delicious.
We loved it.
Great weekend breakfast spot.

Wooooow to this place!
Me and my family usually always try to stop at a buffet before leaving town, but I yelped this place and it was scored 4.5 stars!
I wanted to try it out!
So we came here!
Omg the food was amazing and filling!
I got the special which was 2 breakfast tacos w/ a side and drink for $7, although the wait was longer then expected the food and outstanding service made up for it!!
I was glad to leave town with a filling and happy stomach!
I will be back here again!

My first time, found on Yelp while in Vegas...  Food was excellent!!
Service was great, from  the beginning to the end...

Good food, good service!
Sometimes there's a wait, but I've never waited more than 25 minutes and it's totally worth it!

They don't serve freshly squeezed orange juice.
They don't serve fresh fruit.
(only fruit cocktail out of a  can)   3.
They don't serve real Jam.
If you serve breakfast, and do not meet at least one  the criteria listed above, then your establishment belongs in the same echelon as Dennys.
Why this place has 4 stars and 630 reviews is beyond me.
I question if I even at at the right restaurant?
During our wait, the host gave us a 5 minute speech on how "the owner buys only the freshest items for the menu".
- Fresh like a can of fruit cocktail.
The interior looks like a blue screen studio from Universal Pictures.
I had steak and eggs.
Steak was gray.
Eggs were.... Eggs,  and...
Nothing else to report.
They should call this place Mr. Meh...
Totally standard stuff here.
Not the 5 star type of standard.
The 2 star type of standard.
Next time ill spare the 45 minute wait and go to Mimi's Cafe, at least they have fresh squeezed OJ, fresh fruit, muffins baked that the same morning, and decent breakfast...
Sorry to kill the buzz here, but I am sure Mr. Mommy (if he even cares to read yelp) would appreciate some constructive and much needed feedback amongst the hoards of shallow praise.
Go get some oranges.

Found this place through yelp.
Service and food was amazing.
I got an omelet as a scramble and the eggs were cooked perfectly.
The biscuit was also toasted for me on the grill which I loved!
ONE WARNING!
The portions are GIGANTIC!
I barely finished half my omelet.
My boyfriend got the mamas and it looked like something out of man vs. food!
If you hung over and hungry this is the place to go!

Strongly recommended this breakfast place!!!
Owner is a very nice sweet mr mama!
Food is a large portion that I recommended Asian ladies please share :) my husband loves their omelette and I love pancake and sausage!
Even thought pancake and sausage is a pretty common breakfast....
But it made me  super recommended to come here at least once for a breakfast in Vegas !!!!

Food - it was great!
I had the French toast with crispy bacon and man was it crispy.
Mmmmmm...
The French toast was perfectly grilled and had a lovely light cinnamon flavor.
My husband had the chili cheeseburger and he enjoyed it.
For a little breakfast/lunch place the food presentation was top notch with a lovely sliced orange on the side of the plate.
It gave it a pop of visual appeal.
Atmosphere - casual - fast, friendly service.
It was pretty busy but didn't feel crowded or rushed.
One of the best meals we enjoyed in Vegas.
A must go.

Let me say, this has to be one if the friendliest places I've ever been to!
The owner greeted us as we approached the door.
He also checked up on us during our breakfast.
I ordered the Spanish Omelette, and it was good.
Not the best, probably because of all the mozzarella cheese.
My brother got French Toast, and it was amazing!
I highly recommend that next time.
I also tried the Breakfast Burrito, and it was delicious.
I wonder how it would taste with sour cream.
I'm glad I found this place on Yelp.

Everything we ordered was great.
The country gravy is amazing!!!
Everyone at the table ordered something different which worked perfectly because we got to taste 4 different meals.
The steak was cooked to perfection.
To top it all off, the staff is one of the friendliest groups of people I've ever met.
Definitely a must do while in Vegas :)

Get the chicken fried steak!
- The End

Food: AMAZING.
One of the best breakfast places I ate ever.
I ordered the Denver omelet which included hash browns and upgraded my toast to french toast for a $1.
Everything hit the spot!
Ambience: cute.
It was very blue.
Wait: Nope.
Service: They paid a lot of attention!
All the customers were locals except for us!
LOL   Will I come back:  Hell yeah!
Every time I go back to vegas!

Went there yesterday, but didn't do a review.
Small place perfect for what me and my husband like.
Good selection of food.
Not overwhelming like some places where you cannot decide what to eat.
Finally a place where they cooked my eggs and hashbrowns EXACTLY how I like them.
Only reason why they didn't get 5 stars is that they didn't cut the core out of my husband's tomato on his salad.
Come on guys!
That's food prep 101.
I don't want that on my plate.

Well, in my girlfriend and I's ongoing quest for the best breakfast around (that's reasonably priced), Mr. Mamas has entered as a serious contender for first place.
After seeing all the great reviews on here, and looking at the incredibly affordable prices, we decided we had to try it.
My girlfriend got French toast and I got the California omelette as a scrambler.
My scrambler was INCREDIBLE.
Seriously one of the best egg based breakfasts I've ever had.
The sour cream/salsa/avocado on top really made the dish, and I happily finished up the 4 egg monster.
The French toast was good, perfectly cinnamon, but not overly sweet.
I'm not a huge French toast guy, so I don't consider my judgement too accurate.
What was also nice is that they had little coffee mate French vanilla packets.
I haven't seen any other breakfast place offer something like this, and I don't know why!
I love using flavored creamer in my coffee, it's one of my favorite things about drinking coffee, and having that option here with unlimited coffee just made the value that much better!
The service was also great, and we really enjoyed chatting with the staff about the food and the restaurant.
The decor was basic, but works just fine.
I would say watch out Babystacks (our current number one), but the truth is they are very different.
For an omelette?
I'm going here.
For a sweet breakfast of specialty pancakes and other sweet items, I'm going to Babystacks.

Mr. Mama's has caught my eye a few times so what better time to go check it out then on Father's Day?
I decided to go earlier like a 9 am meet up time so when we got there it was busy but there were still tables open.
Unfortunately we had to wait for our remaining party and their empty tables filled up quickly.
We ended up waiting a good 45 minutes for a table of 6.
I ordered the spinach/mozzarella omelet.
A lot of flavor with yummy avocado on top!
Who can beat that combination?
Food came out fairly quickly after we got our order taken and they were so efficient for it being a busy holiday.
My husband ordered the country fried steak and eggs and it was gone by the time we left so I'm assuming he enjoyed it thoroughly.
There were no kids menu that I saw of so I just ordered a side for my tot.
Overall, this place is small so get there early.
When we left there was a bunch of people inside and outside waiting!
This place is obviously popular for a reason and I definitely will be back.

I can't say enough good things about Mr. Mama's.
Good food, great service and  excellent prices.
It's a breakfast trifecta.
There will be a wait - but it will be worth it.
Our whole table was pleased with their meal.
And our server, Melissa was a real pro - friendly and helpful with perfect manners.
Thanks for a wonderful meal!

Soooo it's breakfast, right, which is hard to screw up... but even harder to stand out.
I was skeptical at first, because the prices were FANTASTIC and the decor is... diner.
We had to wait about 20 minutes (but that was still an hour shorter than the place we tried before) but once we were sat the service and food was fast.
The waitress was so very friendly, we felt like we'd met an old friend.
Everything we had was super tasty, the gravy.. holy smokes.
Great fluffy pancakes.
We loved it, our kids loved it, when in Vegas we will certainly go out of our way to go back!

I went a while back on the weekend and the girl that sat me was sooo rude!!!
And unfriendly she really didnt make me feel welcomed.
The food was alright not like how everyone makes it seem on the reviews.
The egg and I is better.

Came here this morning for breakfast with my friends!
I'm in Vegas for the next month and was looking for something close by the house we are staying at.
Mr. Mamas is right down the street and I can't wait to go back!
Their breakfast menu is very similar to most diners, and it's absolutely amazing!
We ordered: chicken fried steak and eggs, French toast, sausage and gravy biscuits and hash browns.
Everything was really well executed.
Simple, but flavorful food.
Despite the unhealthy sounding names, the meal did not feel heavy.
I'll definitely be back, and will be sure to tell my other friends about this spot as well.
Happy customer

Mmmm good breakfast I've had the French Toast and the California Omelet Both were great.
If your looking for a quick breakfast spot try this one.
Clean!
Great Food for the $ and service w a smile.

First time visitor to Mr. Mama's and was looking for something off the Las Vegas strip so as not to spend every dime we had in one sitting... We also wanted something reasonable, local and good.
Well Mr Mama's had good reviews so we gave it a try and sure enough the prices were good, the customer service was even better and the food was great... fresh, filling and hot.
The owner and his staff treat you as if you were in their home... We watched the owner interacting with customers and children and he was very kind, generous and loving and you could tell he really enjoyys making people happy.
This is the reason I gave it 5 stars... Keep up the good work!

This place was OUTSTANDING!!!!
From the service to the hot food.
This is our everyday breakfast location from now on.
Even though the owner is a Michigan fan we loved it!!!
O-H...

Best Breakfast in Las Vegas!
Nick, the owner greets each customer, talks to them, and thanks each guest.
The staff are very pleasant and really take care of all your needs.
We have been coming here for nearly a year.
We've tried several other places, but this tops them ALL!

Had the Cal Omelet.
Ask for extra Pico de Gallo, it is fresh and wonderful flavor.
My wife had the short stack, light, fluffy with thick sliced bacon.
Great spot if you have transportation from the Strip

I came this morning with my teenage sons.
With all the high reviews on yelp and my.love for breakfast I had to give it a try.
sadly I can only give three stars.
the staff all seem vert nice and were on top of everything.
I had the bf burrito... sadly - bland.
no salt or pepper or seasoning of any kind.
One son had a chili omelette... the flavorful rs very muted and the sauce on top was not good.
the redeeming dish... my other son's steak and eggs.
tastey steak cooked medium, very good home fries.
so if I.come again I think I will stick with a basic breakfast.

It's a bit of a drive from the strip, it's in an industrial strip mall, and it's FABULOUS.
The food is well priced,  yummy,  and the service is better than most upscale eateries.
The owner is friendly and does a great job managing customers and his staff.
Eat here.
You won't be disappointed.

When we arrived, we weren't sure about this place.
It's a hole in the wall amongst hardware stores.
The host/owner was very friendly and greeted us when we walked in the door.
There was a 30-35 min.
wait, but it was totally worth it!
The food was amazing.
I had an omelet with cheese that was melted perfectly and the eggs were not over cooked.
My wife had the French Toast and it was delicious.
The restaurant itself is a little hot, but it's tolerable.
Over all, we had a great experience.
We will be returning soon!

Me and my boyfriend are always looking for a good place to have breakfast , I found Mr. Mamas here on yelp .
And let's just say this place was everything I could expect !
Delicious food , I had the Spanish omelet  , it was so cheesy and the spinach was cooked perfect my boyfriend tried the French toast and I finished them off because they were truly outstanding !
Definitely coming back for more :)

My friends and I were looking for a good breakfast place and found Mr.Mama's on yelp.
The waiters and host were really friendly.
The food took a little long but it was definitely worth the wait.
The food was just what we were looking for and at a great price.
I would definitely recommend Mr.Mama's to anyone looking for a great breakfast joint.

Perfect way to end our Vegas trip.
I had the French toast with bacon and it couldn't have been better for this tiny gem of a diner.
Bacon was perfectly cooked and the French toast was soft and fluffy.
Small wait but the instant a table opened it was bussed and set up.
Next time I come to Vegas I will skip the overpriced breakfasts on the strip and make the 10 minute drive for breakfast here.

Heading away from the strip on our way home.
Needed to grab breakfast.
Tried this place because of the already great reviews that I will add to.
This place is fantastic!
Service was awesome.
Food came fast and it tasted fabulous.
Not to mention the cheapest breakfast we have had our entire stay!
Will be coming back here every time we visit.
And will be passing it along to friends and family.

We just arrived in Vegas and read the reviews on local restaurants.
We read about Mr Mama's and decided to have breakfast there.
The food was great, but the staff is what made the difference.
They were super friendly which made the food taste even better.
Our daughter Eileen loved the home made pancakes.
Needless to say, we went back the next day for seconds.
Pay them a visit, you'll love the prices, service, and a nice break for the strip cattle lines!
Enjoy!

Best breakfast in Vegas.
I come here every trip to Vegas to play poker.
The owner/mgr is really nice and the food is great!
Pancakes, French toast or an Omelet you can't go wrong.

Great/cheap/fast breakfast.
Had white chocolate chip pancakes...
amazing!!
Not sure why this isn't a common thing, but it was fantastic.

Amazing!
The food and customer service is wonderful!
My friends and I ordered pancakes, French toast, eggs, and home potatoes.
The bacon was the best.
It's about a ten minute drive from the strip.
Very small, but wait is only about ten minutes!
Definitely go!
All the staff care!

If I could give this 0 stars I would and usually give good reviews.
I found this place on Yelp because it had great reviews.
If you like plenty of food and treated like SHIT!
Then this is the place.
I checked in and ask for a table for 8.
I was told "It's probably going to be a 39 minute wait and I'm gonna have to split you guys up".
We said, "No problem" .
We were seated within 10 minutes and my group was split up about 2 tables away.
About 2 minutes later, before we ordered anything or even got water, a table opened up right next to me.
I asked the waiter, can we move to this table so I can be next to my family.
They said, "We have to ask the boss".
The waiter told his boss, "they want to play musical chairs".
The manager there told me that he wasn't able to give us the table, that he already gave the table away (even though they were still cleaning it).
They we were "WELL, YOU CAN EITHER EAT HERE, OR LEAVE ".
So we left.
I get, he was busy and didn't need our business.
I enjoy using Yelp because I try to support small businesses.
I feel like bigger chains don't give you good service because they don't need your business or value it.
This place, definitely doesn't value your business.
Actually, there was a worker there that apologized for her boss.
The "boss" was a jerk, no eye contact or nothing.
It worked out well for us, we left and went to the Bear Diner.
It cost a little bit more money, but the service was excellent and the food was great.

Big mamma.... Big review!
We were staying at Mandalay Bay and could not use our MyVegas 2 fo1 buffett coupons on Saturday.
Not going to pay $30 for their mediocre buffet for adults and $25 for kids.
Raffles breakfast menu averaged $17 per entree.
What happened to the $3.99 steak and egg deals?
Big mammas is great with huge portions!
Fluffy pancakes.
No kids menu but simply split plates with no fee.
A hop skip and jump from the strip.

Absolutely GREAT service.
Its PACKED because everyone knows this is a hot spot.
Locals and visitors alike.
Waited about 20-30 minutes.
Not bad considering theres always 2 or more parties waiting it seems.
Breakfast was less than $30 for two people plus 3 drinks.
Huge portions.
The most expensive thing on their menu is a 1 pound meat burger and the chicken fried steak.
Nothing is over $12.
Avg meal is $8.
Great greeter, jokes around and is super friendly.
going back tomorrow before we head back home.

They serve the most amazing pancakes.
Service was fantastic as well.

Excellent breakfast.
Look forward to coming back next time we are in Vegas.
We will definitely make this a regular stop .
The western omelette was delicious

I can always appreciate a great local spot where the owner cares about his patrons and Mr. Mama's is definitely one of those restaurants.
Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by the owner who was extremely nice and caring regarding our experience.
Mike, the server who took our order, made sure we were taken care of and that our food requests were fulfilled.
We opted for a to-go order of two breakfast burritos (one sausage and one bacon) and grabbed a French toast breakfast for the little one that was with us.
A last minute add of avocado to the breakfast burrito made it quite remarkable.
The location is about 5-10 minutes away from the strip but is worth the travel if you're looking for good food off the beaten path.
More than anything, the quality service would bring me back to Mr. Mama's again.

Came in because of the yelp reviews trying to find a good place off the strip.
I was skeptical but now I see why this place has such good reviews the food is great,  good sized meals, and excellent customer service!!!!
Our waitress Melissa was so sweet and upbeat!
I would definitely recommend this place who is sick of the strip prices while in Vegas and wants a good homecooked meal with great service!

I think this place is delicious!
The service was great and the build-your-own omelette I got for myself was amazing.
Everything on the menu sounded delicious!
Portion sizes were very generous and I ended up not finishing my plate while still feeling very full in the end

Decided to go to breakfast before the movie...found this on yelp.
We had pancakes, eggs, breakfast burritos, home fries, chicken fried steak.
Let me say that we have found a new breakfast spot.
Everyone was so friendly and the food was greeeaat!
Really enjoy it and we will return.

Mom, the boy and I all had the Mama Short stack with 2 pancakes, 2 bacon, and 2 eggs.
We all rated it a 4.
Very good breakfast, and the owner was walking around talking to customers, relaying the family history, which was displayed  on the walls.
The service was super-great and the overall vibe of the place was wonderful.
I only wish I lived closer to Vegas to go to this place all the time.
It is good....please eat here!

Best breakfast off of the strip hands down.
When this place says it gives you a home cookin feel, it most definitely does.
The service was excellent, we got greeted by a cool friendly dude who had to handle the mass traffic.
I went in there on a Monday like around 12 and it still took us 20 minutes to get sat.
The locals rave about this place and it's packed so it's a good situation.
Our server was real cool and attentive.
I asked her what was the commotion about and she recommended the Mamas special which is the 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 turkey bacon and hash browns for $10.
So I'm all in.
The food takes the normal 20 minutes to make and it comes out looking all outstanding.
Fluffy buttermilk pancakes with the perfect texture and sweet taste.
The eggs and hash browns were seasoned and garnished with great flavor.
The turkey bacon was cooked perfectly to the point before it becomes overtly crispy.
I ate everything in it's entirety.
Great Customer Service all around and if you're a baseball fan you can talk all day with Mr. Mama himself about your team vs his Detroit Tigers.
Good food and good peoples.

This place is awesome !!!
Amazing service from start to finish, super friendly staff and great food!!!

