After yet another night of insane Vegas partying - and enjoying alcohol a-flowin' - we got the munchies.
Where did we decide to go?
When it's late and you want something cheap and easy (insert favorite jokes here), very little tops fast food.
We drove to a random McDonald's with a KFC next door - FYI, there are a LOT of them between the Strip and Red Rock (our hotel).
At the drive-thru, we placed an order for large fries and 20 Chicken McNuggets.
When we went to get our food, we were told they were out of large fries - how does that happen???
- and were given hash browns as a substitute.
Since it was between three and four in the morning, we didn't press the issue.
Anyway, the McNuggets were piping hot, fed us, and I have no idea what happened to those hash browns.
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, right?

I stop here now and then as it's the closest to where I live.
Customer service used to be awful, but ti seems like they've gotten a bit better.
Today I got a side salad and a shamrock shake.
Everything was A-OK!

I must say that I had a smoothie here when they came out months ago and they are horrible and way too sweet.
Sonic has better ones and McD's obviously doesn't use real fruit.
Even at midnight, this is not the best sweet tooth option.
Wait, there is a positive.
Using my 2-1 coupon, I tried the new Strawberry Frozen Lemonade and yes like the commercials indicate it is tart and sweet.
These would be a better option to cool you down at $1.59 for a small.
The strawberry syrup at the bottom might be the same they use on sundaes, but who knows for sure.
McDonald's comes out with new stuff every month, but in the beverage department, frozen lemonade is king.

This place really is hit or miss on the service.
The food: cheap, that's why you go here.
Period.
The service: Like I said, on & off.
Sometimes they mess up.
They're busy..
Cause of that heaven sent dollar menu.
Love hate relationship guys.
Updates: They've got smoothies, & I love me some Mango Pineapple.
Yum!
:D  I would rate only 3 stars, but it keeps the 4th cause it's down the street.
I know, stupid reason.
Well, shut it & write your own review... please.
LOL.

My least favorite fast food place but my daughter's favorite so we make the appearance every now and then.
McDonalds has the best kids meals and playplaces so for my seven year old this is a great place.
Love the apple slices and much smaller fry bags for the kids.The sundays are good and the recently added smoothies are great.
Very disappointed in the new popcorn style chicken.
It is worse than KFC's popcorn chicken was before they made larger pieces.
In fact, most of my box was just fried coating with little or no chicken.
As fast food places go, I find McDonalds the most consistent in quality and taste.
I love their breakfasts and the chicken nuggets are still the best.
Avoid the angus burgers.
They are not as good as advertized.

Yes...it has come to this.
I only feel compelled to write this review because I work nearby, and I visit this McDonalds at least once a week.
I admit, I am a Dollar Menu addict.
Where else can you get reasonably full for less than $5 for lunch.
Nevermind the guilt and dangerous chemicals.
Anyway, the set up of the drive through makes for a real pain during peak lunchtime hours.
This McDonalds is situated in a busy shopping center, right next to a Starbucks, Del Taco, Albertsons, Bank of America, and other shops.
Things get rather congested and hard to maneuver.
However, as McDonalds goes, it is fine.
The service is usually friendly and prompt (although the new guy they have in the drive thru is a *tad* too chatty!
), and they haven't messed up my order.
Freshness and hotness varies, however.

Good service but drive thru is slow!
When I pick up breakfast for the office- this is usu the place- but just to warn every1, I think going in is faster- but if you have a big order, you may get the stink eye from the other customers- just pretend to read the newspaper- or cont yelping to avoid eye contact!

They didn't even deserve the 1 star I gave them.
We went to this McDonalds and ordered some food.
The food was good but I had some power tripping Mgr.
Tell me and my son that we couldn't fill my Starbucks cup up with water....when I asked why she said because of cross contamination.....( now keep in mind this is a self service soda  machine) so that argument doesn't really fly since everybody using the machine is cross contaminating it.
This women poked my hand out of the way.....I'm like really women.....I left....and she says in a sarcastic tone....God bless you....I'm like he already has.... Get a life women!

This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to by far.
I cannot think of enough bad things to say about their service.
The Food is standard McDonald's fair, but, they did not give us our drinks with creamer, our order was wrong, the food oatmeal came without enough spoons for the orders count, we had to go back 3 times for all sorts of condiments, and they dish em out reservedly like their lives depend on it.
They do not seem to understand foreign accents and this is Las Vegas, seriously, if you are going to run a shop in a tourist town, you might as well be prepared for it.

Maybe it's just me, but it seems like the staff at this location isn't all that friendly.

I've been through in on a number of occasions and have never had a problem.
Food is typical Mcdonalds and it's always hot so nothing to complain about here.
The drive through is usually fast.
As for whether or not the staff is friendly, I usually go here early in the morning, so I really don't care.
I'm not friendly myself in the morning LOL     So as long as my order arrives promptly and they don't talk much and my coffee is hot  I'm good with it.

About as average as your local McDonald's can be.
This one is right up middle alley, not great but not spectacular either.
I just find it surprising the skinny-richie-constant work-outie people up here in Summerlin keep this place busy!
I mean literally not even a block away is Lifetime Fitness!
That place is hardcore.
Food = OK.  Service = OK.  Fast and efficient as a colonoscopy.
Really nothing of greatness at this McDonald's.
Really run of the mill.
We often visit this location if we are staying in the nearby Red Rock Casino.
Although I would suppose this location stays steadily busy is in part because of the tourists that stay at the Red Rock as well and want cheap eats while on vacation.
Gotta make up for all those lost wages!
Newest thing at McDonald's is their health-conscious Egg White 'Delight' McMuffin.
Definitely a healthier take on their breakfast menu.
And yes, I fell for that damn $1 coupon conveniently stuck to my McDonald's bag and tried one.
Myself being a bit of a health nut can't complain.
This egg white creation is pretty tasty.
Grilled egg whites, Canadian bacon (eh?
), and white cheddar all on a toasted English muffin?
All for only 250 calories?
Yeah for a dollar I really liked it.
But at the regular price of almost $3?
I would have probably passed.
With coupon for $1 and a $1 coffee it made for a nice meal on the small scale of economy.
I almost, ALMOST, added a $1 hash brown.
Luckily I passed and decided to save my money & calories for later.
Other than that, I think majority of people around the world know what McDonald's offers on their menu.
If you don't, dang, you must be living under a rock?
Or possibly a place where there is no McDonald's within your vicinity (like under a rock).

Came to this McDonald's Friday, 7/5/13, forgot to check in though, lol!!
Anyways, McDonalds is suppose to be a family joint right?
!, especially when they have the playland, well how is it that this place, knowing people come with kids off all ages, NOT have a changing table in the restroom????
Unbelievable!!
I will say though at least this place is clean and nice but what I dont like is that they dont have a ketchup dispenser they just have ketchup packets, I personally don't like that all.

This is the 2nd closest McDs to my house.
The closest one is so inconsistent that I come to this one more often.
The drive thru can be long  and they often run out of cinnamon melts but the food is at least the way I ordered it and hot when I get it.
The inside is clean and a mad house during breakfast time.
All in all a decent location.

Be careful!
I ordered an iced drink @ the drive thru.
The guy @ the second window never said hi or thanks.
I thought my drink was just wet on the outside.
Within minutes my  plastic cup was sticky.
By the time I got home my hands were sticky as well as my steering wheel, shifter, window controls.
It was a lot of work getting myself & the car cleaned.
I called the local office.
All she said was that she was sorry & she would tell them to wipe off the glasses.
She did not offer to have a manager call me &/or send me a gift card.
I emailed corporate.
All I have received is a form email  back.
It's been 5 days.
I think I will stick w/iced-tea lemonades @ Coffee Beans & Tea Leaves.
Bye MacDonald's!

Micky D's should all be the same, but this one in the 10 plus year I've been going there has about the most stand offish unfriendly people ever.
It starts from the top so I guess the owners just don't care if there employees are unfriendly.

Seriously, this probably was the least friendly McDonald's ever.
Other than asking for our order, which was 3 coffees, they didn't say anything to us when we went to the drive-thru window or when we picked up the coffees.
Not one word.
We said thank you at each window.
Will not go back to this McDonald's for anything.

