So my driver was going to be in the area of 31st Ave and Indian School and I gave her an order to pick up at Haps.
Well Haps isn't there any more, the web site still shows the original East side location, and she mentioned she thought another bbq place had moved in where Tom's had closed up a while back.
She called and read the menu to me and said it looked like everything was still in place from when it was Tom's.
I ordered a large beef/pork combo sandwich and a side of beans.
Quote from their menu "We've been told many times more meat falls off our BBQ sandwich than most places put on theirs.
"  I've seen more meat on an Arby's regular roast beef and Arby's regular bun might even be bigger.
It wasn't bad per say but it wasn't as good as Tom's that used to occupy the building and no where near the level of Hap's or Honey Bears.
The beans had almost a burnt secondary taste to them.
They get 2 stars instead of one just because it was edible.
But I am still hungry.

I ordered the Phx Cheesesteak combo which came with a ridiculous amount of curly fries (greasy and a bit undercooked) and a small drink.
The brisket was very good with an appropriate amount of bbq sauce.
The lunch was rather costly.
At just under $10 for a lunch combo, this is a place I will not frequent very often.

This is by far our favorite BBQ in the valley.
We have tried all the popular standby's like Hap's and Honey Bears and while we like them the flavor doesn't add up.
The only down fall is that the food is a bit inconsistent.
We eat their regularly and the food varies which tells you it is made fresh but the quality isn't always at the height we know it can be.
However, we keep going back and will continue to!
No BBQ sauce compares.

Maybe I'm just not a bbq fan or maybe it's because I went with big expectations, either way this place did not impress me.
I was the only person there...so I was kinda glad...I personally like to eat with only a few people around.
The menu was good...pretty big...prices seemed ok.
I ordered the Large Pulled Pork sandwich, onion rings and a large drink.
Came out to 12 bucks.
Not to bad.
The sandwich was huge.
I posted a picture of it here also.
I liked that and the portions of onion rings was pretty big too...although throughout the cooking process they became 1 big onion ring.
There wasn't enough slaw on the sandwich...I was actually looking forward to that.
There was also an excessive amount of either grease or slaw dressing...it was puddling up on the plate.
The sandwich itself was pretty good.
I could only call it a sandwich for the first couple bites because the bread literally disintegrated because of the soggyness.
I ended up eating the whole thing with a fork.
I don't know what was worse...the 80's music or the soggy buns...
Probably not a place I'd try again, especially since there are so many restaurants around...oh well...

Its no Texas.
I had a hankerin' for some B B and Q and I knew it would fall short, but it was expected so I guess it is what it is.
I find it weird that a BBQ joint would not serve beer.
Beer and wine license would increase sales and headcount.
I mean c'mon!
Eh, i liked brisket.

I've been eating here for the past month, had the brisket twice, the beef sandwich and the rib tips.
I've enjoyed them all with the "hot" sauce which isn't hot unless you think ketchup burns your mouth.
I will continue to go here as long as i still go to school out that way, or untill the BBQ place that replaced Shakey jakes opens up.
The currly fries are probably the best side to get, I like the slaw and beans but the fries are the best.
they also do catering

Now for the bad news, this restaurant is out of business!
It is a sad day.
It appears to be abandoned for whatever reason(s).

