I was so excited when I heard that some of the former Recollections girls were opening up their own shop in Peoria!
This shop does not disappoint.
Crop Girls offers a great selection of paper, stamps, and embellishments too.
The variety that they have in their shop is quite amazing.
Everything is well organized so it is easy to find.
The owners are super helpful and kind.
You can tell they really love their shop and are happy to help if you have any questions.
Prices are great too!

What a great shop.
They have everything you could possibly think of for your scrapbooking and cardmaking.
Christa, Chris and Donna are wonderful.
Very nice and very helpful.
Many classes too.

This is a wonderful place to shop, crop and  just visit.
Chris, Christa and Donna are very friendly and helpful.
They products are wonderful and there is so much to choose from.
The classes are great.
Especially loved the technique class.

- Located near Sun City in an older shopping center  - Parking was convenient  - Friendly staff  - Product selection was very good  - Prices were reasonable  - Diverse class selection  - Cute store

My mom and I went here and took a card making class today with Jen and luved it!!
We are beginner card/scrapbooking makers and are hooked on this store!
They have a variety of supplies and the staff is so friendly & helpful!
We are going back tomorrow for some more shopping!
The prices here are awesome better than Joann's or Michael's!

So it is unusual for a man to leave a review for a scrapbooking store but I accompany my wife to this store a lot.
The staff is great!
Very friendly and helpful.
I like the fact that they let me pile my stuff on a corner of their counter instead of carrying a load around (my wife buys tons of things here).
Their selection is pretty cool too.
They even have some stuff that I found myself liking and I actually bought a few things and started making my own dream journal.
If you are a scrapbooker, this is a great place to get supplies at.
I hear that the name will be changing to Scraps Of Love soon but the owner will still be there and my wife (and me too) will be going here for a long time to come!
-Mari's Husband Keith

Supplies!!!
Yaaay!

Five stars is just the start.
Chris, Debbie, Zach and Melanie are wonderful people.
The shop has everything a papercrafter could possibly need and/or want.
If there is something that you want that isn't in the store (how could this be), they will definitely attempt to order it for you.
The classes and instructors are amazing as well.
Definitely my go-to shop.
It's nice to be able to just drop in even if you don't really need anything.
Papercrafting community - definitely.
Dee

Cute shop!
they are the only store in AZ (apparently) that sells American Crafts cardstock by the sheet, and I needed to match colors to another American Crafts product, so I drove an hour from my home to go here.
Store was clean and bright.
Staff was nice, and actually remembered that I had called the day before my visit to inquire about the product in question.
The yelp check in offer had expired, but they honored it anyway, which was nice.
I glanced at a few other products, and the prices seemed to be in line with what I've seen in bigger independent craft stores.
If I lived closer, I'd go there again.

I've been coming to Scraps of love for a few years & love it!
I also take some if there card making classes!
The instructors & classes are so fun.
Everyone that works there are so helpful & I always find what I'm looking for and then some.
Defiantly a good store for your scrap booking & card making needs.

