On the downside, I booked their private dining area for a group, and when we arrived, they didn't give us it.
Instead, they spread our group across two (separated) tables, which completely spoiled the evening.
On the plus side, the food was awesome.
Best steak I've ever tasted.
I'd skip it, though, and go somewhere less pretentious.
there are lots of alternatives in Edinburgh, after all.

I seriously doubt that another bar in the world exists with a more feminine and camp decor than Tigerlily.
Hanging silver sequins surround every table in the restaurant whilst the bar stools are pink leather clad.
Bar men wear t-shirts reading Tiger across their backs whilst the ladies read Lily (inspired...).
Pink and silver might not be to everyones tastes but if it's a cocktail you're after then you'll just have to grin and bear it.
The bar staff here are award winning and really know how to make great and exciting drinks.
Delicious!
If I could give you one piece of advice avoid the food!
Whilst it's all fine, it's just not worth the money you pay for it or anywhere near the standard of the bar.
So if you're planning a visit to Tiger Lily, make it a liquid lunch!

Great bar and atmosphere.
Very good food as well.
This was one of our favorite spots on the last trip to Edinburgh......

upscale bar on upscale george street.
great music and more whiskies than you can shake a stir stick at.
if you're over 25 and/or get sick of stepping around puke puddles down around the grassmarket, stroll on up to george street for a refreshing and infinitely classier experience.

This is my favourite place to stay in the city and a great place to eat.
The food is well above average and the staff are really friendly.
They made excellent suggestions and did specials that changed through the evening.
Lively atmosphere even on a Sunday night and the cocktails are fantastic.
The breakfasts are huge and tasty.
Great stuff.

Tigerlilly.
AKA if you're in here you're instantly cool.
Should that be the concept of a restaurant??
I don't think so...  the fact that Tiger Lilly is now more of a 'oh my God, look what she's wearing' rather that 'oh my God this tastes great' says it all.
Tiger Lilly is crying potential but it's never quite met because they are trying too hard to be cool....trendy.....awesome and whatever else the kids say these days.
Ok, so the food is okay...nothing special.
I've had better salad leaves with vinegar.
(incase you didn't get that, I'm trying to say they are small in portion sizes and not very substantial).
Although...if you are looking for somewhere to go for a drink, Tiger Lilly is the place.
It is very nice, you can't deny that.
Infact, I used the wallpaper for my bedroom.
It's the sort of place you go if you wear a suit and will have 2.3 children.
At 5pm it's full of suits and at 11pm you can't see past the back-combed bouffant parade (aka students) but it's quite nice to have a loud, busy atmosphere sometimes.
Sometimes it's good to feel cool and 'hip'.
The food isn't amazing, but it's ok. ridiculously over-priced too.
But hey, you can't put a price on social status.
Also, the fact that my 50 year old mother goes there to pick up guys says it all...

As Tigerlily is a bar, a restaurant and a hotel - it's really hard to rate all 3 together.
- the restaurant is bad.
Overpriced for poor quality cooking.
Not tasty, and not inspired.
You pay for being in a cool place with a chic decor.
We were staying in the hotel, and the breakfast is the same.
It's ok but not great (burned bread, not very good pastries, overcooked eggs).
I would give a 2.
- the bar is really fun.
The cocktails are awesome, though not always done with the same quality from one time to another.
Just reading the cocktail list is fun.
I wish I could stay longer to try all of them.
I also like very much the 2 different atmospheres between the 2 different bars.
Cosy sitting makes it a plus too.
I would give a 4.
- the hotel is the highlight!
It's a boutique-hotel with very nice interior design, with designer style furniture and bright pink-ish colours.
It all has a lot of personality and doesn't feel average.
We had the chance to be upgraded to a Georgian suite.
Enormous room & bed, with a fireplace, a sitting area, 2 lcd TVs and DVD player, walk-in shower & bathtub!
:_)) The high ceiling adds to the drama of the place.
Really really nice, and 5 minutes away from the city center.
But definitively pricey!
I would give a 5 here.
Best hotel I have ever been too with really nice staff.

Much like a 50 year old guy in a Superdry t-shirt driving a convertible Ford Ka, Tigerlily is perhaps the most blatant case of a venue trying too hard that I've ever seen.
Places like this just never, ever work, and invariably end up attracting tragic old divorcees with hair extensions before too long.
Sorry ladies, but standing around in leopard print stilettos sipping on a French Martini won't bring him back.
I only know one guy who likes Tigerlily (we'll call him C Dog for the sake of anonymity).
He has a stupid haircut, slaps on a bottle of fake tan a night, takes pouty photos of himself for social networking sites, and thinks Tigerlily is the kind of place where he can realise his ambition of becoming that guy from The Only Way is Essex.
At least he helps me know which places are best to avoid.

If you want a luxuy hotel, but don't want to go to one of those huge international chains, then Tigerlily should be top of your list.
It's what my mum would call "reassuringly expensive": from the minute you arrive and are greeted at the door by one of their hostesses, to the minute you check out, everything about the service is excellent.
The one thing I find with hotels is that they get really samey and repeptitive after a while, but Tigerlily adds extra little touches to make it that little bit nicer for you.
Every room comes with GHDs, for starters, so you don't have to do what I usually do and forget to unplug mine in the morning before checking out (fastest way to waste £100 ever, by the way).
Also, the rooms all have ipod docks in them too, so you're not dependent on crappy music channels whilst you're getting ready to head out for the evening.
My parents stayed here once, and I don't really think it was their thing - it's very fashionable and bang on trend with the décor and stylish crowd it attracts in the bar downstairs, whereas they're more into their country house hotel type places.
But I'm not middle-aged, and I loved it.
On a side note, if you're one of those people who's into your celeb-spotting then this is probably your best place to do it in Edinburgh.
Personally, I'm not really bothered who's drinking in the next booth to me, as long as they don't come between me and my french martini then I'm happy, but I've spotted Cheryl Cole and Vic Reeves here once (not together, obviously).

A few weeks ago a few friends and I were looking for a nice cocktail bar along George Street, there's definitely an abundance of them but we weren't sure what one would be best.
We passed Tigerlily and there were a few people sitting outside sipping out of Martini glasses - bingo!
We entered, walked into the bar area, took one look around and walked straight back out again.
Possibly a little bit unfair but the decor was garish, it was about 100 degrees and the clientele left a lot to be desired too.
That sounds really mean, but I didn't fancy waiting in a really long queue full of old guys in suits who quite obviously thought they were old "sugar daddies".
No thanks Tigerlily.
It just seems like it's trying a little bit too hard but if I go back again I think I'll choose to sit outside.

As a "Yay we have finished uni for the year, lets celebrate our freedom" thing, my classmates and I came here for lunch yesterday.
I kinda loved it.
I am the first person to rant about how pretentious and fake George Street is, so I have let myself down by being taking in by the fancy decor and cocktails.
The decor is so chic and trendy that you can't help but admire the surroundings.
It almost feels as though you are in someones uber trendy living room.
Our reason for choosing Tigerlily was because of the 2 for 1 on main meals and half price cocktails.
With 9 of us, that worked out at around a tenner each for some food and a cocktail.
The half price cocktail list only has 3 or 4 cocktails on it, so you are limited.
I had a Ginger Mojito which was delicious and certainly hit the spot (i.e.
my ability to act coherent) and other delights included a Passion Fruit mish mash which went down very quickly.
The 2 for 1 deal included all main meals, salads and sandwiches.
Most went for burgers, which were presented in a rather pretentious way.
I had a prawn Asian salad which was lovely and fresh, the prawns were uber giant prawns that went down a treat.
However, I wouldn't have paid full price for the food.
Partly because I am a cheap skate, and partly because presenting things nicely on a plate doesn't warrant a high price.
Great place for a ladies who lunch sort of day, as long as it's the days the offer 2 for 1 meals and half price cocktails.

How do I write this review without coming across like an utter bitch?
I guess there is no simple way out of me acquiring Queen bitch for this one.
I got there before the rest of the party as I wanted to do a bit of exploring around the city whilst they primped themselves in the hotel.
Bouncers at the door.
American with a clipboard and an earpiece, all I could think was, 'Where the hell did the girls book and how much will this cost me.
' It was like a very shiny MTV music video facade, facade being the operative word.
I was escorted to the cocktail bar whilst I waited for my party.
I started reading the Big Issue at the bar which I know was like if a nun streaked in a Chanel shop but hey I have naked nun moments.
Cocktail was good, service was great.
They pushed a double vodka on me after which was a bit meh, don't like people trying to use me for money in an obvious way.
So dinner.
We were put at a huge marble table.
Interior is impressive in a homage to all things drag-queen like kinda way, good thing I heart drag-queens.
Music is a disaster, too loud and chart like on loop.
Dinner consisted of us staring at each other.
Oh but it gets better.
Never in all my years dining have I been in a place that thinks it's OK not to section of the dining area from the bar area... Drunken men hovered over at our table and stared at us eat.
I felt like a cow at the mart waiting to be bought.
I got the swordfish...
I asked for it to be medium rare...
It was well done... As one of the party commented the food comes out far too fast.
It all was a tad too new money pretentious to me.
The absolute best part was when the sickly sweet waiter overcharged us by 60 pounds and didn't apologise or offer us drinks.
I really wanted to kick him hard in the balls for trying to take advantage.
I was told later that night that that place is a chain...
I'll look for somewhere authentic and local next time I'm there.

Much like Elanor M., me and my friends were drawn into Tigerlily by the promise of sitting out in the sun drinking expensive, but pleasing drinks on George Street.
Inside however, we were greeted by a huge queue of people who had obviously had the smae idea - but who werent getting served by the staff behind the bar, or so it seemed as the queue was moving so slowly.
At least that time gave me chance to look around the place - its kind of funky and traditional at the same time, but gives off the impression that it is trying so hard to make you think its not trying at all.
Much like the clientel, who have spent hour on thier hair, make up and clothes to make you think they have spent no time at all on thier hair, make up and clothes.
Anyway, once we got our drink (about 6 1/2 years later), I nearly chocked as I paid for my round.
Evenm though we sat in the sun drinking them, a cloud certainly hung over our table.

Ok.
I was harsh before.
I come in here quite a lot and really like it every time.
It's a cool place, really trendy and good to come if it's your first time in the city and looking for somewhere to go and people-watch.
It's decorated nicely and the staff are friendly.
Ok, it's a bit poser-ish, but it's good nevertheless!

This isn't somewhere you'd go every night, although I'm fairly sure there is a certain demographic group from Edinburgh University who do make this their regular watering hole for me its complete treat and chance to see how the other half live.
For cocktails that cost £7 each, this isn't a cheap treat but the cocktails are fantastic and in this bar you pay for the whole experience.
The decadent decor, expensive ingredients and the fact that they garnish the drinks with edible flowers makes this a fun treat but not for the everyday punter.

"Come out Tigerlily you're carressing me, I'll take you out, I'll turn you on, I'll take your apathy.
"  Tigerlily, the bar, has been around far longer than La Roux's poppy-number (my favourite on the album) but the edgy, sexy chic lyrics lend themselves wonderfully to this bar.
On the ever popular and trendy George Street (love it / hate it), Tigerlily is sumptuous, endulgent, fun, classy, and also hella big inside.
I can see why other reviewers maybe felt a bit uncomfortable here if they weren't dressed up.
It's "Nice" with a capital N. But I did once come here with my sister and parent-of-the-father variety and no one batted an eyelid despite the instant lowering of street-cred factor such a crime might bring.
I love the interior of this bar, it's huge and there's  a variety of seating areas depending one what you fancy.
Lady-like morning room armchairs, booths, sofas, tables for food.
Everytime I've been, it's for cocktails and they whip up a good bunch.
I like to consider myself a veteran cocktail drinker, with a bulletproof (unintentionally more La Roux) constitutition that can take me up to 6 cocktails before my cheeks get flushed and I start to babel nonsense (I am told, however, it's endearing!
) So on a scale of all the cocktails I've tried, the ones here are definitely the upper end but not the best.
So the 4 stars are definitely appropriate.
This place is great for somewhere to celebrate (birthdays, graduations, office nights out) but also for ladies who lunch, and one of my favourite type of cocktail-times: been shopping your feet off all day and in desperate need of a pick-me-up.
Raspberry mojitos work a treat for this!
So if you're in the mood to paint your nails, put on that cute little outfit you've been saving and need somewhere to spend an hour or 3 with the ladies, go all Oo La Roux and hit this place up.

So what is there to say about this gargantuan behemoth that hasn't been said already?
Well I don't know but I'll give it a shot anyway...
I was a little earlier than my friend who I was dining with so decided to get a drink in at the bar, which wasn't overly busy and was quite well staffed.
Quite in spite of the above and the reassurances of the barmen on numerous occasions that "they'd be with me in a minute," I waited for about five minutes without being served as newcomers were continually given preference over me.
Not expecting the trend to change any time soon, I decided to forgo the pre meeting drink, left the bar and took a seat until my friend arrived.
When he turned up we were seated quite promptly and in a pleasant change from my experience at the bar, our table service was (for the most part) attentative and quick - although the waitress did insist on referring to us as "gents" the whole evening which was more odd than anything...
I can only echo other people's views here as to the décor and layout of the place - Tiger Lily is deceptively large and it's strange mix of furnishings and decorations are likely to please as many people as they inevitably annoy.
For my part I didn't mind all it's faux fancy gaudiness although I did nearly hit my head on the stupid over table light things and the chairs at the table are a bit rubbish.
After a little coaxing I was persuaded to have a starter as well as a main.
To start with then I chose Chicken Laksa which lacked the punch to make it more than just a quite bland coconut soup.
For the main course I had Confit du Canard with red cabbage (that I think had star anise in it) and the world's plainest mash served in a tiny saucepan.
It's kind of hard to do Duck wrongly, all you have to do is smother it with its own fat and put it in a ridiculously hot oven for a bit - so although the duck was good, it wasn't particularly mind blowing or even anything above the duck I've had before.
With just a little more coaxing I was persuaded into having a dessert too - and I'm glad I did as it was the highlight of the meal.
I plumped for white chocolate cheesecake with some fruit stuff and a brandy snap (that's not exactly how it reads on the menu but is probably close enough).
The cheesecake was delicious (a sign of a good cheesecake for me is whether or not you can taste the cheese) and the tartness of the fruit coulis was a nice offset to the cheesecake's sweetness.
Along with dessert I also had a white chocolate martini cocktail which was a pleasant enough way to finish the meal but perhaps a little over priced at   All in all then It was a very pleasant experience, so why three stars?
There were little things throughout that ever so slightly detracted from the experience; for example waiting ten minutes for the water I ordered or the fact that the balance did feel a bit off between the amount of time we waited for our starter, then how rapidly the mains were served - but I guess you could put that down to me being picky.
Then again with the amount that the food cost I think I can afford to be picky... And that's a theme that does kind of run throughout this review because I can see how a lot of what I've said comes off as being a little negative but that really comes down to my expectations of the place which are based a lot around the price of the food.
So the cost then.
The total bill came to about £90 for both of us each eating three courses, having a beer and a dessert cocktail - I wouldn't exactly say that the menu was good value for money and although the food was quite nice, I'd expect it to be at that price.
Saying that though, Tiger Lily is hardly the kind of place that you'd go to for good value for money and as such the food, décor and service amount to an experience that is best saved for a special occasion rather than your average meal out.
You could probably add another star if you're minted.

Disappointed.
Was recommended, was expecting so much.
Was a bit dirty, waited ages to get served, so long we nearly walked out.
Looked like loads of managers, no staff.
Staff looked bored and poorly trained.
What a let down.

Had an amazing time at Tigerlilys and a great start to our wknd.
It had a great atmosphere about it and felt so chilled, we were givin a cozy booth at the back, I chose the ham hock terrine to start, then the steak,  both were excellent the roasti with the steak was amazing (even better than the steak if I must say) to end the night we went  for the shared mixed dessert, yum.
I would have to say this is my #1 restaurant in Edinburgh so far, good food and wine with great staff what more do you want.
Enjoy

Very stylish restaurant and bar.
I prefer to have drinks here or lunch, dinner can be a little disappointing.
Overall a good place to drink but would suggest eating elsewhere.

The food is not the reason to go.
The place is glam, and it predominately used for Essex lookalikes.

My husband and I first recognized Tigerlily because it was conveniently located outside our window at the hotel Roxburghe.
After dinner with some friends at a different establishment a friend who was familiar with Edinburgh suggested Tigerlily.
I was extremely tired because I had flown in from the US that morning and had remembered that it was across the street from our hotel...so I agreed to go for a drink or two (knowing I could leave when I wanted and just hop across the street and go to bed).
It was a Thursday night about 12:30...I guess they close at 1 so they warned us at the door and told us we were welcome to come in and then continue our fun late late night at their sister nightclub downstairs Lulu.
We came in and had a few drinks at the front bar.
The service was attentive yet the drinks were considerably weak, I guess you just have to ask for doubles.
Even though, a half hour into our stay we were having so much fun that we decided to go downstairs and completely had forgotten about our jet-lag.
Oh, and Tigerlily's decor is super modern and trendy, definitely one of the "coolest" places I have been in awhile.
When we arrived downstairs we were sat at a corner table with some friends who were celebrating getting married that weekend.
We had a blast!
Our server, even in this crazy nightclub was attentive, but gave us enough space and she came over when we needed something.
The Dj was great and open to suggestions (and actually played them).
That was our FIRST visit to Tigerlily and Lulu.
We had so much fun that Thursday we decided to bring different friends in on Friday.
We were all staying at the Roxburghe like I said before so it was easy to get people to decide to go.
On this visit we ventured to the bar in the back of the restaurant.
This place on a Friday in July was PACKED!
It was awesome.
Lots of people my age, mid-twenties to mid-thirties, having cocktails with friends and family and most very good-looking.
Everyone seemed to be having a good time.
The bartenders in the back bar were great (well the guys).
They always remembered what my husband and I were drinking and even though they were busy they were still very attentive.
Also, after one round we opened a tab, they give you this number so you can tell them your tab number instead of your name (very cool!
) and the bartenders remembered my tab number!
AWESOME!
They only thing I noticed was the female bartender, very pretty, but she was either new to the establishment or a new bartender altogether because it took this poor girl seriously 10 minutes to open a bottle of wine for a customer at the bar and then another 10 minutes to give them a check, probably 30 minutes in customer years (I'm a bar owner in the US).
I think it would have impacted my experience had I been waiting for a drink like a lot of other people, but because of the male bartenders I was taken care of already.
I know tipping isn't customary in the UK but I felt like my service was so excellent that I had to!
So to recap... Great decor, great service (at both Lulu and Tigerlily), good drinks.
The only thing that was missing was that I never tried the food.
Maybe next time I'm in Edinburgh.

One of my favourite hotels, very nice decor and rooms.
Staff is not the best but they try good as they can.
Great bar scene every night especially at weekends.
Restaurant: very good food and lovely breakfast.
Great place to stay in Edinburgh with your partner or friends.

I've visited Tiger a couple of times, mostly for business meetings during the day rather than evening time catch-ups so perhaps my experience is different from the norm.
A girly lunch with two pregnant friends was very well received: particularly the delicious cake-stand at the end.
I've not had the pleasure of staying in any of Tigerlily's rooms, but watching a waiter swan into a lift with a bottle of champers and two flutes did elicit a gasp of jealousy.

This place had been on my mind for a while.
It's quite heavily reviewed already, one of my friends had recommended it and I think they had a booth at the Cocktails in the City event.
Anyway, I had high-ish hopes....
Enter Tigerlily.
Tackiness level: Paris Hilton doing a cameo on The Only Way is Essex wearing a dress made completely out of double-sided tape.
THAT tacky.
Tigerlily have made every single surface reflective.
Lights, counters, glasses, chairs, walls, everything a visual reminder that you, Luke D, are not shiny enough for a 'classy' establishment like this.
I actually had to squint when I walked in.
It didn't feel trendy, it didn't feel sophisticated, it felt like a 16yo girl's idea of what bars would be like.
I can kind-of see the attraction of this place for some people though.
If you're a 22yo short-skirt-wearing receptionist with your eyes on a promotion and boss who likes to buy champagne cocktails for girls half his age, this is your place.
If you're a recently-divorced 35yo middle-management man who likes to compete with upper management for 22yo short-skirt-wearing receptionists, this is your place.
If you don't have a mirror in your house, this is your place.

I had a theatre night in Edinburgh with my wife about a year ago.
I fancied taking her to a boutique hotel and chose Tigerlily.
Great place, the bar is stunning, we got a great meal and breakfast as part of our Dinner bed and breakfast deal.
The room was massive very pink and girly, right up my wifes street.
We got chocolates and Prosecco in our room on arrival.
The service was very personal, taken to our room, shown how the tv, ipod and mood lighting worked in the room,.
My wife is a fussy eater and wasnt too keen on the residents menu, but after a wee word with the girl on reception she got to pick off the main menu.
I would recommend this to couples or groups of girls on a night out in Edinburgh.
They might have some more masculine rooms if guys fancy it, a phone call to the nice folk on reception would be able to confirm this.

Having received a voucher at Xmas for Tigerlily, I finally managed to get round to using them.
Booked in for dinner and was pleasantly surprised.
Was expecting a nice meal but enjoyed the best food I've had in ages.
Started off with great fish platter to share and was fantastic.
Love my fish and couldn't fault any of it.
Steak to follow and was perfect.
By this time I was well impressed and sticky toffee pud to finish was great end to great meal.
Would definitely recommend.
Surroundings were nice and surprisingly not too loud (which I had expected).
Meal for 2 with wine = £100.
A little pricey but worth it for quality of food.

Its pretentious, its often filled with the kind of people that I hate....but damn they are good at what they do!!!
On a sunny Tuesday afternoon my lady and I were in need of wine and nibbles.
We thought Browns would be nice so sat and awaited service.
10 minutes past and nobody came so I popped in grabbed menus and the waitress said she would be along in a few minutes.
10 minutes passed....still no service.
So we toddled along to Tigerlilly ..sat down...within 30 seconds the hostess was greeting us..making us feel very welcome and giving us menus.
For £21 we got a £28 bottle of wine and three little tapas dishes.
Delightful and great value.
As it got chillier we opted to go inside, we were escorted to some nice seats and were well and truly looked after in every possible way.
Top work Tigerlilly!!

I have been to Tigerlilly plenty of times for cocktails but this was the first visit for food.
It is my mother in laws birthday and I thought that this would be a great treat out.
I bought a voucher from ITISON for the afternoon tea for £22 instead of £46 per couple.
This included a tea pot of cocktail of Michael Collins gin cocktail.
I had requested a booth but after dropping off my in laws and husband at the door and parking the car, by the time I got into the restaurant they were already seated at a regular table, but actually it was a nice table and there was nobody seated either side so it did feel roomy enough.
Great sandwiches and cakes and a nice selection of speciality teas too, I had strawberry and cream tea which was lovely.
The scones were a little dry and if I am being uber picky, I would have liked the option of butter too as well as the cream and jam.
The afternoon was a great hit with the birthday girl and we headed to the cinema all hyper from the sweet treats we had.

ah tigerlily, the poshest of the posh spots along george street.
when you come here, you come to be seen and drink expensive yet well made cocktails and enjoy sitting in a luxuriously decked out bar with pretty people waiting on you.
perhaps for most this is too much, but sometimes i just need to indulge my inner desire to be rich and famous and act like this is just the norm for me!
so yes, i am definitely a fan of tigerlily.
even with their cocktail menu being a bit on the pricey side, i have to say the drinks are worth it.
they expertly made and when the bartender thinks you're a girl sat on her own  in a slightly revealing dress he's happy to chat away to you and pehaps even flirt a bit.
(he became much less chatty and fliry when my boyfriend showed up but it didn't change the quality of our drinks...) and there are so many concoctions worth trying, however i highly recommend their signature cocktail.
Lily's New Knickers, a cheeky name for a cheeky drink.
vodka, grapefruit, and rose liquer mixed together then topped with lemon sherbet foam!
the perfect pink drink for a girly girl like me :)  my boyfriend enjoyed his elderflower rickey, which i described as a fancy gin & tonic with the additional of elderflower cordial.
now there are a few drawbacks to this place, one being the price.
it's the creme de la creme of posh bars on george street, so you are paying for the location.
which brings me to the second drawback, it's crowded even in the early evening this place is packed with pre dinner cocktail seekers in short dresses and high heels.
i was lucky to grab two seats at the bar when i spied a girl leaving and moved in making sure to (gently) push anyone out of my way.
so, love it or hate it, tigerlily is what it is.
i prefer to love it and fulfil my dream of being one of the lucky few that have the  rich and famous lifestyle of which these bars are made for.
i'm happy to pay a few extra quid for a well made cocktail and to sit in luxury surroundings.
i've not been for food, so i can't comment on that, perhaps one day i'll move past the cocktails.
however, for now tigerlily is my go to place when i want to get all dolled up and sip on cocktails for a fancy night out.

I'm not an old fogie.
I don't expect gentlemen to lay down their coats on puddles lest my shoes get wet.
I don't even bother about doors and the whole 'should I open a door for a lady' debate.
I know we live in the 21st century and we've come a long way from the old Pride and Prejudice days...however, there are certain things that, when you're out for dinner are, for me, a big no-no.
And one is calling customers darling, dear, doll or the likes.
I don't know, call me old-fashioned but in my opinion, you've got to at least know me a little bit before we get that familiar...or at least know my name first...
Anyway, this kicked off my dinner at Tiger Lily the other night and it was a case of going from bad to worse.
After my brush with over-familiarity, my chums and I were shown to our table where we waited..and waited...and then we waited some more.
After about quarter of an hour our waiter appeared to tell us the specials and when I asked him to repeat them he said no, because he'd already told us them.
*my sides were splitting at this point*..apparently it was a joke but when you're charging £26 for a steak, I don't really get that.
The starters arrived and my pepper mousse with creamed goat's cheese was an out and out inedible disaster with the cheese having melted.
I had the fish special which was a slight improvement but overall the consensus around the table was that the food wasn't great.
But the service was another matter with it being more like self service.
Need a drink?
Then just go the bar yourself.
Refill your own glass thanks very much, and don't expect any drink orders to make it to the table, in fact, it seemed like our table in general was just forgotten.
And then we came to dessert.
We ordered some fondues - which we'd all agreed you can't really mess-up right?
Ermm...wrong.
When it arrived at the table the chocolate was cold.
After about ten minutes we managed to flag down the waiter to let him know, but by this point we'd all had enough.
Now, don't get me wrong: Tiger Lily used to be one of my favourite bars and it still is a great place for cocktails with fab tunes perfect for bouncing into the weekend.
But my problem is that although it still fancies itself as a uber-cool venue, its service and its food don't warrant this tag nor the price tag that goes along with this.
I do still love its cocktails,but  the over-familiar and rude staff have put me off.
And with plenty other venues in Edinburgh, then I think I'll try those first thank you my dear.

I think I was super biased towards Tiger Lily.
I had been a few times, normally late at night on the weekend and that's normally when there's 'that crowd' there.
(I'm sure you know what I'm talking about)  However, I went last night for a few drinks after dinner with a friend and had a really lovely time.
When it's not crazy full, you can actually appreciate the decor.
Yes, it may be slightly too pink and girly but I kind of like it.
They have really comfortable sofas, perfect for catching up with friends.
I was a little cold and the manager turned down the air for me.
I also really enjoyed the background music.
They have deals!
Right now you can get two mains for lunch for £15 or a starter and a main for dinner for £15.
Also, from Tuesday - Friday they do amazing drink specials.
A few cocktails around £4-6 and a bottle of wine for £12.
Also, a bottle of Innis & Gunn for £2.50!
As my friend and I had already had dinner we decided to get some strawberries which comes with melted chocolate - very divine.
I'm eager to come back for lunch or dinner!
I'm glad I got over my misconceptions of this place.

Tigerlily ?
One of those bars or restaurants that would not look out of place in Sex & the City.
That is a place for girls, right?
Right.. and wrong.
The place is opulent, pretentious and selectively fashionable - what does that mean to a guy like I visiting?
It means I fit right in.
The grand marble entry with the bar that screams "PINK CHAMPERS HERE!
" but actually has Asahi on draft too.
And a decent selection of Vodkas.
(their default for a vodka mixer is Stolichnaya)   Free Wifi is a given.
The 'vestibule' or 'antechamber'  is furnished with thick pile rugs, blue Salvador Dali-esque sofas and armchairs and 'Sleeper' wooden salon tables.
And Fluffy Pink Scatter Pillows.
- you know what ?!
it works and they are surprisingly comfortable.
The music was a pleasant, modern mix and not played too loud, but prominently.
We were able to hold a normal conversation.
We used a voucher for a Mediterranean Meat & Cheese platter with a glass of wine each.
We got 3 Spanish cheeses, some Spanish ham and hot chorizo sausages and it was lovely (we even ordered some extra)   The service was friendly, warm and attentive.
We vowed to return.

I have only ever been into Tigerlily for a few drinks, but is somewhere I'd love to go for a proper night out or even a function.
One of my favourite things about the place is the appearance.
It's so trendy but trendy in a romantic, pretty way.
Outside they have a twisted wooden archway littered with flowers in front of the door, tea light lit tables on the street and friendly doormen.
Inside, it's gorgeous.
The bar as you first come in has silvery walls, a white marble bar (with beautiful barmen...) and a stunning light fitting.
You know how I like a light fitting.
I sip my cocktails and look at it - white, wispy and sweeping the majority of the ceiling.
Just off this bar area is my absolute favourite, the little living room.
It has a big fireplace and comfortable couches - at Christmas I spent an evening in there with my other half cuddled up by the Christmas tree and open fire drinking cocktails.
It's lovely.
Further back into the venue you'll find sweeping pods to sit in.
It's darker, sexier and louder in the back for those so have settled into the 'past midnight' phase of their night out.
Curtained areas are available for functions.
The drinks aren't the cheapest but they're not overly expensive.
I'm happy to pay what they charge.
It's my favourite bar in Edinburgh.
Or anywhere actually.

Last weekend we ended our cock(tail) crawl of George Street and the surrounding areas in Tigerlilly.
The place was very busy with lots of people out celebrating and having a lovely time.
It had a really nice vibe and the music was actually pretty good.
I had a pricey but lovely couple of cocktails and we all had a wee boogie in the corner.
It is a bit pretentious and overly flashy - you can hardly move for fake appendages, tans and cheap bling but when you've had a few en route this doesn't really matter very much!
Good cocktail and fizz selection, lovely professional staff and a laugh too.
We will be back though not to often as my usual attire is a little too casual!

Tigerlily is lovely inside, really, and they do a great meal deal - two main courses for £15 during the day, or two courses for £15 in the evening (from a set menu of course).
So when my sister was through for an interview on George St, it seemed like a great place to go for a catch-up and some food.
She was dressed suitably smartly, although I felt a bit of a scruff in my jeans, it's one of those kind of places.
Which is a shame, because the deal is good - it just feels mega flash inside.
I do have to say the hostess who showed us to a table was lovely - I know she has to be in her job, but for the couple of minutes you do feel extra special.
However, I'm not giving it more than 3 stars for a couple of reasons.
Firstly my sister ordered a small glass of rose which ended up costing £6.20  - I dread to think what a large would have cost!
The waiter had asked if she wanted French or Spanish, but neglected to mention if there was a price difference and when looking later we couldn't see any rose by the glass on the menu...  Secondly, the food was okay but nothing more.
It was a good deal getting 2 courses for £15 (as we were there before 6pm), but a side of chips cost nearly £4 extra.
I opted for Innis & Gun beer battered fish and chips which was pretty good - the batter was crispy, the chips were fine (I'd have liked them done a little more, but they weren't uncooked) and the homemade tartar sauce and mushy peas were tasty too.
The fish, however, was a very thick fillet so far too heavy on the fish side in the fish:batter ratio for my liking.
And I've had better white fish before... but for the price it was fine.
Oh, and my sister ordered a goat's cheese salad (with a side of chips) but when the plate arrived it was clear something had gone wrong as she'd been given a mushroom arancini instead... she ate it rather than complaining, but did say if she'd known she'd be served that she wouldn't have ordered the chips!
It was especially odd and only minutes before our food arrived the waiter had come back to our table and asked "You've ordered the goat's cheese yes?"....
If I was in town, and perhaps looking a little smarter, I'd consider popping by Tigerlily for their set menu deal.
But the add-ons, the chips and the heinously expensive house rose, really bump up the price - doubled it in fact, so it's not quite the bargain you expect.

I like Tigerlilly !
I prefer better for a cocktail or afternoon tea!
I have dined and the food was delicious but really afternoon tea here is fabby!
We opted for afternoon tea for two including a ketel pot cocktail, lots of lovely cakes, scones and sandwiches and the staff who served us were lovely.
I love the decor of tigerlilly and its always has a nice atmosphere and lots of professionalism.

Fancy spot.
Trendy atmosphere and lighting.
Food was ok but didn't get the best service due to our server was still new.
So we had a few missed orders.
I had the Tum Yum soup that came with shrimp and pork dumplings.
Spicy and no vegetables?
Ademe in a sauce that was sweet and spicy with a hint of wasaby.
Maybe I should have had steak.
I noticed other dishes were large and hearty.

We stayed at the hotel for a Saturday night in July, arrived around 1:20pm (while check-in time is 2pm) to a snobby receptionist.The receptionist promised to give us a call when the room was ready so we walked around George St., Princes St., spent some time in a park before we headed back to the hotel around 2:40pm (this time served by another snobby receptionist) and still had to wait until after 3pm.
From the other reviews this seems like some kind of systematic problem.
The room was absolutely beautiful and clean, a big separate bathroom, very comfortable beds, amazing furniture.
We spent the night in a close-by venue watching a great local band and returned to the hotel around 12:30am.
The hotel entrance and the bar were completely packed, the music was exceptionally loud and the elevator was blocked by round about a dozen drunken guys trying to party inside the 4-prs-elevator cab.
So we had to find the stairs up to our room.
In the room it was way too loud to think of sleeping, it felt like the loud bass made the bed swing.
There were people walking around the corridor, doors clapping every now and then and even some people trying to open our door.
After the music stopped between 3am and 3:30am there was still lots of noise coming in from the corridor.
The receptionist on checkout next morning was friendlier than the two guys during checkin.

Tigerlily was hyped up so much by friends and family that it seemed a place not to miss in Edinburgh.
This is true.
I understand the hype.
The venue itself is pretty gorgeous, and on a Saturday night it was absolutely packed.
I was blown away by the  size of the cocktail menu.
It is huge!
Thirty six pages (some are photographs) of amazing cocktails!
However, the cocktails I chose was disappointing.
I went for my usual Bloody Mary, which is made with Belvedere Bloody Mary Vodka and Absolut Peppar vodka.
Sounds amazing, right?!
It was pretty diluted with the vodka, so that the punch of the flavours just wasn't there.
It was very bland and boring.
It didn't work for me, so that's why I took a star off my rating.
Other than that, it's a great place for a night out in Edinburgh!

Tigerlily: A short review.
No.
Tigerlily: A long review.
This place is full of people who aren't even rich.
That's the main problem with it, as far as I can see.
I don't mind being looked down upon by people who are wealthy - I kind of expect it.
I don't take it personally for two reasons - one, it adds flavour to life and that's a good thing, and two, they probably are better than me, as I am a feckless rogue.
What I do find a little surreal though is being looked down upon by people who are NOT significantly richer than me, but are really, really trying to look like they are.
There's a certain pity and confusion that rises in your soul when a whole group of desperately clean-shaven middle-aged accountants raucously tells you that you look like ZZ Top because you have a (let's face facts) not very large beard, and then they all laugh - in a very specific way.
I can't tell you if my analysis of this laugh is accurate - I don't know, I'm not a doctor.
But here's what I heard.
It's not a mocking laugh, it just wants to be.
They don't really care about the beard, they just think that being sarcastic about it WOULD BE WHAT A RICH PERSON WOULD DO, and that's what they're doing.
The laughter is shrill, afraid - please, please - don't let me be discovered.
I'm rich too... honestly.
For some reason though, people who want to pretend to be rich people like purple stuff.
Perhaps it harks back to the days of Rome, when purple was a dye associated with the Emperor, and later the aristocracy.
Perhaps it's something else, I don't know, I'm not a doctor.
What I do know is this - there's so much goddamned purple in that place it makes my eyes bleed.
My beautiful lady had only ever been there once, many years ago, as part of a large group of friends who could protect her with their personalities.
Sadly, we arrived early, and her and I sat awkwardly, our eyes darting from left to right, and right to left, unnerved by just how out of place we both felt.
It was fine - once my lady's friends came.
Some people I could talk to.
That's nice.
And her lovely college friend came with her delightfully unpretentious boyfriend.
We formed a cabal in the corner which became a kind of support group, and was working well.
But then a drunken blonde woman (I shit you not) leaps out of what I can only assume was the devil's arse and starts grabbing my beard (hard) and jumping all over me in a really aggressive, sexual way, in front of both MY WIFE and HER BOYFRIEND.
I can only assume that I was being a pawn in some 'Game Of Thrones'-esque political subterfuge, perhaps to make her man jealous.
I don't know, I'm not a doctor.
What I do know is this.
That was not a rich woman.
You could see it in her eyes - not the poverty, mind, but the desperation to hide it.
And also sex, and something else too.
Something dark and cruel, some atavistic impulse from a time in humanity's ancient past best left buried and long-dead.
I literally had to openly tell her to back off me before she would.
I was scared then, not scared for my life, but scared for something else, something primal and important that I knew I stood to lose even though I could not name it.
I still can't name it, even now that the danger has receded.
In conclusion, this bar is like Barbie's version of Inception.
The whiskey is £12 a shot (Lagavulin with marinaded Cherries - marinaded in the BLOOD OF CHRIST for that price, apparently) but not because these people can afford it.
It's £12 a shot because that's what they WANT TO PAY, because that's what rich people do, right?
Right?
Isn't it?
Isn't it?
I just don't know.
I'm not a doctor.

I was at Tigerlilly for Sunday lunch.
Scallop, Melon & Watercress for starter.
The Scallops were cooked just right, and tasted wonderful, light, fresh and sweet.
Belly of Pork for main course (served on a bed of mash and greens).
This looked quite delicious, however (as was the case with my ex wife) looks can be deceiving.
The meat itself was tough and lacked any real flavor.
The mash and greens were all too more-ish, nice and buttery.
All this is sad as the same dish at "Rick's" (a sister restaurant to "Tigerlilly") was very good.
"Clark's Scottish Cheeses" for dessert was served with 2 Oatmeal Biscuits, a nano dollop of Spiced Pear Chutney & a piece of Organic Honeycomb that was (I swear) the size of a "Mini-Shreddie".
The 3 different pieces of cheese were an insultingly small 1.5 " square and .25 of an inch deep.
There was Dunsyre Blue, either a Camembert or, Brie and a young and plastically tasting cheddar type cheese.
The cheeses were served at a decent room temperature.
Throughout the meal I was persistently being asked if I wanted anything else and if I wanted to order a drink, I was not left alone long enough I thought.
Presentation for all dishes was spot on.
Sadly, I observed a table where the guy was served before the 2 ladies he was with for 2 out of their 3 courses, poor etiquette (especially as it was "Mother's Day") IMHO.
A terrible let down for me, hence the 1 star rating.

Home of one of the best poured Tanqueray & tonic's I've ever had.
Served up in a big heavy tumbler with a big slice of grapefruit.
Marvellous.
Quite a classy bar on George St that still welcomes the commoners in Edinburgh (see: me) with a big smile and very welcoming manners.
Service was quick and didn't scrimp on quality and the bar itself was very well laid out and stylish.
The building itself is huge inside with grand mirrors and fireplaces along with low lying couches.
Every room is different, through the back where the diners are (where we ended up after our mini reception for our friends 30th) has a lower light, darker colours and a more intimate feel to it, with the front bar being very open and bright.
The dinner was delicious too.
We chose from a set menu, 3 courses for £30.
The salmon they buy in for this place is delicious, obviously with thanks going to the chef for cooking it so well.
I had no idea this place was a hotel but now that I know and have seen the service and level of quality that they offer to all their guests (whether they are diners, drinkers or hotel guests) I would definitely recommend this place to any friends coming from a different city, wanting something a bit classier to stay.

Always get a really good meal here with some very good meal options.
The only downside was no kids menu but picking a couple of sides kinda worked out ok. Staff as always were excellent and the location is extremely good.
For evenings try out the cocktails, they have one that comes in a jam jar.

