Fudge Kitchen stands as a contrast to the swankier Fudge House down the way.
In here it's more like a workshop.
I wandered in while strolling the Royal Mile on my last afternoon in town.
It was a delightful scene with a lot of energy, as the sole worker was mixing fudge, tending the ovens, chopping up blocks of fudge, and offering samples to the various customers, all with cheerful verve.
And the product was just as good as Fudge House.
I bought four slices which totalled up cheaper than I expected, and he told me, "Temporary special--buy three get one free.
"  If only every establishment could have great employees like that guy.
And on top of the memory, I got some great fudge to last me that evening and the trip home (and a few days after).

Mmmm Fudge.
I love fudge.
Especially good quality fudge that comes in an array of flavours.
The Fudge Kitchen does just that.
Fudge in every possible flavour you could desire.
Mocha Fudge, Strawberry's and Cream Fudge, Hot Cross Bun Fudge, Chocolate Fudge...
I could go on and on.
So many flavours how could you choose!
Well at £4.85 a slice you better choose wisely!
I drooled at all the flavours on offer before noticing the price and quickly wiping the drool away as I left.
I'm probably being tight and Scottish, but £4.85 for a slice of fudge is a bit steep for me.
But as this is located on the Royal Mile tourists will love it and pay that price.
There was free samples which I helped myself too, and while they were nice I didn't think "Oh this is so nice I must spend almost a fiver on some fudge!
"   Maybe if they offered smaller sizes at a cheaper price I would be more likely to purchase.

Before you read on, you should probably know I don't like fudge...
The fudge kitchen's reputation preceeds the actual place!
Whenever I tell someone I live in Edinburgh, they almost always ask about the fudge kitchen.
And I understand why - it's sitting on the Royal Mile and the smell wafts up the street all day long.
As I said, I don't like fudge, but I do like smelling it.
What's wrong with that?
My brothers love fudge, and always go in to get one of their free samples.
yes, free samples!
They always have a sample on the counter of one of their specialities.
Although use caution when going to get some - my brother got caught out.
Mortified isn't the word.
One of the things I quite like about the fudge kitchen is the people - they literally drag you into the shop because they know that once you're in, you won't want to leave.
But when I say drag, I mean it in the nicest way possible - they are really friendly and funny!
During the festival they join the acts on the street and get tourists in.
Unfortunately, it didn't float my boat.
But it's a great way to experience Scottish tradition and load up on energy to climb all the hills in Edinburgh

The old adage of "you get what you pay for" can be relied on more often than not.
Sometime it's worth paying extra for a nice meal in a nice restaurant, and on some level, I can understand why girls spend hundreds of pounds on handbags and shoes, and footballers spend hundreds of thousands on crass automobiles.
I will never, ever, ever, understand though, why I shouldn't get change from £15 for 3 bits of fudge.
3 measly, stinking pieces.
For £15.
They're not even all that great either.
They do taste pretty good for the first couple of bites, but the flavours rarely cover over the fact that you're basically munching on a big, costly lump of sugar, and you'll feel sick long before the end of the first slab.
There's no flavours on offer here that you won't find done to tastier effect in a tub of Ben & Jerry's, and if you're desperate for a fudge hit then take a trip to Thorntons.
Don't let the grinning thieves behind the counter fool you with their "banter", you are a sick, old, wildebeest, they are a hungry, cackling band of hyenas.
Back when Britain was truly great, these people hung from the gallows.
Sadly the politically correct pen-pushers no longer let us take the law into our own hands on these shores, but at least do your bit by voting with your feet.

I like fudge just as much as the next person but do I want to pay £4.85 for a slice... probably not although once in a while I guess it does no harm.
It's great to see the fudge getting made and the staff always talk customers through the fudge making process... if you're interested that is.
It's a pretty skilled process and a few years ago my mums attempt at making fudge resulted in the fire brigade being called to the house and the remnants of the fudge a black chalky disaster.
The less said about that the better.
The huge copper cauldron where they stir the ingredients reminds me of witches brewing away at a potion but rather than making something to turn your worst enemy into a frog you get the sugary goodness of fudge and they're always giving away free samples!
My favourites are; After Dinner Mint, Strawberries and Cream and Vanilla.
Overall the Fudge Kitchen is definitely a novelty shop and unless you have money to throw away or the thought of having no teeth is appealing I'd save it for special occasions.

When you first walk in here, you'll be so blown away by the amazing smell that you probably won't notice how over-priced it is.
They make it on huge marble slabs right in front of you, and even though this invariably means the shop is full of annoying little kids, it is always very reassuring in my opinion to know that you've seen it being made - usually means the chances of any nasty surprises are kept to a minimum.
Whoever comes up with the ideas for all the different flavours they do here is an absolute genius.
My personal favourite is the Peanut Butter variety, but the chocolate orange definitely comes in a close second.
Don't take my word for it though, they always have at least one flavour cut up into little cubes for you to try - and it's that sweet that a little cube is all you'll need.
Which is probably why they charge so much for it... the way I see it paying over £15 for a box of 3-4 slices (depending on the wieght), when it'll probably have gone off before you can get through it all, seems a little bit ridiculous.
That's why I took off 2 stars.
If you're a tourist here, and you're trying to frantically blow all your sterling before you leave regardless, then this is where you should head.
Otherwise, do what everyone else does and go in, try the free samples and don't buy a thing.

This place is has me arguing with myself like a really annoyed Golum from Lord of the Rings (geek moment, sorry).
On the one hand it does absolutly amazing fudge.
The smell draws you in, then the sight of all that fresh fudge, then the taste of the little bits of fudge the staff tease you with, then the view of a fresh batch just being brought out of the back of the shop woith some intreaging flavour in it that you just have to try.
And then, there is the price.
My advice, talk to your mortgage advisor before you enter this place, it might just save you.

If I had to choose between this place and sex....it's a toughie!
The Fudge Kitchen completely blew my mind.
I'd passed by it loads and wrongly assumed it was a bit of a tourist trap.
It ten became obvious that the tourists love it for a reason - sweet, sweet fudge, made on a slab, served up in hunky chucks of goodness.
I'm gushing about this place but honestly, it's amazing.
The service is fantastic - I was in the door for a second before being fed melt-in-your-mouth tasters of their own strawberries and cream flavoured variety.
I also tried the triple chocolate which was the softest, warmet fudge I've ever tasted.
It as a wonderful hybrid between a warm brownie and a bar of chocolate.
I couldn't help but moan approvingly while devouring their gorgeous fudge - it was out of this world.
My overzealous reactions caused the visitors to get stuck in to the taster bowl too, so the shop owner seemed happy.
They are very informative and good at communicating the ingredients to you.
A lot of the fudge is their own recipe, handed down for generations.
It's still made in the shop to this day, and if you enter at the right time of day you may see it being cut up.
It's almost a fiver for one big slab of the fudge.
But it's like a cake, and without a doubt the best fudge I've tasted.
You can also get discount if you buy gift boxes, making it one of the best presents you could hope to take home if you are a tourist.
If my boyfriend had to pick between fudge and sex, I would almost expect him to pick fudge.
It's darn tasty and a treat to everyone with a sweet tooth!

Staying on a sugar rush, Fudge Kitchen sells divine fudge that's smooth, creamy and deeeeeelicious.
Using original recipes that date back to the 1830s, they offer dozens of different flavours from old favourites like butterscotch, vanilla and toffee to more ambitious combinations like lemon meringue, strawberries and cream, banoffee bananza and chocolate caramel.
The staff are friendly and seem happy for you to nibble samples and watch them making and cutting the fudge.
The only drawback is the price.
It costs just under a fiver for a single slice and £15 - £20 for a presentation box of 4-6 slices making Fudge Kitchen more of a draw to tourists than locals.
Maybe I could just try one more sample?
Purlease?

i actually said 'holy shit' when i tasted this fudge.
unreal.
go here for excellent fudge!!!

Melt in your mouth good!
So, so delicious.
The staff was really nice and let me sample as many flavors as I wanted.
The man was finishing up some fudge in the kitchen area and even offered me a bit of the warm chocolate coconut fudge he was making.
I loved the original toffee the most :)

I have to say, Edinburgh is quite lucky to be the closest Fudge Kitchen north of Yorkshire.
I have been here twice if you don't include the countless other times I have walked past and gawked through the window.
Being from Georgia and having lived in other parts of the US as well as the UK, I have come to realise that the sugary delicacy known as "fudge" means different things to different people in different places.
Fudge Kitchen is neither what would normally be called fudge in Scotland and, although closer in consistency and flavour, is also not exactly what I would expect from fudge from the American South.
There are many other reviews on Yelp that can better describe the fudge than I can, but just to say it's sinfully rich, super creamy, with distinct flavours which accurately represent the descriptions.
The cookies and cream (I think that's what it was called) tastes like Oreo cookies (cream included), the salted caramel chocolate tastes like salted caramel chocolate, and the strawberry cheesecake fudge tastes like strawberry cheesecake (with a hint of lemon zest)... and the snozberries taste like snozberries...
I mean, basically, it's Willy Wonka's fudge shop.
The staff, however, are much more friendly than Wonka's.
You're not going to turn into a blueberry for trying their fudge and, as far as I know, they won't sing to you about you and your parents' lack of moral disciplines.
In fact, they'll let you try any of the fudge and at certain times you can even watch them make it.
If you've read other reviews of this place on Yelp, there are the countless moans about the prices... much like when people moan about the price of a Krispy Kreme donut or a gourmet cupcake.... which I never understand considering the price of a latte or croissant from certain coffee shops... anyway, fine, go have a piece of your grandmother's fudge if you don't want variety.... and save me a piece... but this isn't your gran's fudge shop.
The fudge is excellent, even if a bit expensive, but after visiting two weeks ago I haven't forgotten the taste, and I think I still have a sugar rush.

Its expensive, but  is decadent, smooth and amazing.. so its worth it!
They give lovely samples too so you can chose which piece you really want to indulge in!
I wish they sold half slices so you can chose different flavors.
We have a tried a few of their flavors, which were all amazing.
But I think my favorite was the strawberry cheese cake one!!
It was amazing!
and had a great lemony flavor!!

