I have been wearing glasses since I was eight months old...it's been a long time.
For several years now, I have been going to LensCrafters for my frames and lenses.
This location (at City North) is the newest one in the valley.
I was in yesterday to get my glasses adjusted.
the store was immaculent and the staff were friendly, curtious, and helpful.
They were both smiling and they let me look around with out coming over to bug me.
I ended up buying some sunglasses while I was there.
I have not had prescription sunglasses in a long time.
Everything was clearly explained to me during the entire process.
They even hooked me up with a discount that I did not even know I could get.
Overall, this was one of the best experiences I have ever had buying glasses.
However, not all LensCrafters are the same.
I don't live close to this location, I was just in the area, but for great service I'm willing to travel.
if you need glasses, go see the staff at this LensCrafters!

This Lenscrafters is amazing.
The eye doctor here was the best I have ever had.
All these years, I was wearing the wrong contact lenses, causing so much irritation and discomfort.
This wonderful eye dr presented me with the most comfortable lenses for my dry eye condition.
I am in heaven now.
As for the representatives that handle the glasses area, they are superb.
So friendly and sociable, and great sense of humor!
John, Sierra, and Ian are great!
I feel that they really stand by their products, and if anything goes wrong on their end, they take responsibility, and handle it.
I will always do business with them.
They will take as much time with you as you need.
Get the warranty on glasses.
It's worth it, if your lenses get scratched or glasses break within a year, you can replace them for $25.
No questions asked.

I thought I had found a good store.
Not the case.
While the staff are generally helpful, the store manager, Zach, is an arrogant jerk.
So much for "unconditional satisfaction".
After several unsuccessful attempts finding lenses that suited me, I was informed that the 90 day warranty period starts only from the original purchase date, even though I stepped up to a more expensive set of lenses after returning the first set.
The staff told me to "go try them for a while" with no warning that my warranty date was very soon to end.
When I returned in three weeks to tell them I was not satisfied, my buddy Zach said "well, you can just buy another set of lenses".
He made no attempt whatsoever to satisfy me as a customer, even though his staff repeatedly did.
The best this little creep could do was say "it is not our responsibility to inform you of the warranty period".
Stay away from this place until LensCrafters gets a clue and finds another manager.

Horrible eye exam!
I would not choose this lens crafters for an eye exam...maybe frames but that is it.
My eye exam with dilation was about 10 minutes total.
There was absolutely nothing done, asked about or mentioned during the quick 10 minutes.
I will never visit a place like this again for an exam.

I will only take my family to this location for their annual eye exam.
John normally greets us when we arrive and always has a smile on his face.
He never makes you wait for your appointment and always has your best interest -- definitely not pushy trying to sell expensive glasses or services like other eye exam places.
Dr. Benkel is absolutely wonderful and you can tell he likes his job.
We've been going here for years and will continue to go here because of John and Dr. Benkel.

This the best LensCrafters that I've visited and done business with by far.
The staff is kind and very knowledgeable.
Dr. Benkel is awesome, and has good availability.
John helped me pick out and fit the best pair of glasses.
He was very patient and knew his stuff.
I never felt pressured to buy anything more than I needed.
They also finished them in less time than I expected.
Will definitely go back for my next pair.

I really hate to write bad reviews but I can't help to write one about this location.
I went in to fill a prescription a few hours ago.
I found glasses I loved and their systems were down.
The rep kept asking for a credit card and claimed to not be able to finish my order until I paid.
I understood that but at the same time she could not process my order because the systems were down anyway yet still pushed for my cc .. Five, six times.I was becoming irritated and decided to shop at sears or target.
When I first arrived at sears I received a call from the rep. She told me the systems were finally up and asked for my card again.
I told her I'd call her back so I can price out the same glasses at sears.
I found out there were a lot cheaper so I started the process to complete the purchase .
the sears rep said my insurance locked my benefits and we were forced to call them.
Once my insurance was on the line they called lenses crafter's to confirm I didn't buy my glasses there so the can unlock my benefits and I can finally allocate them at sears.
Their first attempt the lenses crafters ended with that same person saying the systems were down and could not confirm that.
Wait hold up!?
She couldn't just tell them I didn't buy them???
She was there and I was there and we both saw me not buy them there.
Y couldn't just say that?
Also y did she call me for payment a few minutes earlier??
I was pissed by then and got on with my insurance made them call again and then they confessed that I didn't finalize the purchase.
Save yourself time, aggravation and money because their over priced by a lot .
the rep is the big girl with glasses.
She's terrible

CAN'T KEEP THERE WORD... First time I tried LensCrafters and I'm totally disappointed.
Was told my glasses would be ready in one to two weeks.
Called them after three weeks to find out if they were ready.
The order was not placed and I would have to wait longer.
Came back in two weeks, with loaners and was told they would be ready in 25 minutes.
Over an hour later, my glasses were ready, no one said sorry, no one tried to recover from there mistakes.
I won't be back, paid too much and promised delivery were not met twice.

