My brother shotgunned it during a leave from Iraq, and gave the entire family one weeks notice to book it to Vegas in February of 2010.
He chose 'A Special Memory' for his ceremony and everything went great on my end as a guest.
Our Chapel room seated a good 40-50, was clean, nice, and there were a few cute places to take pictures outside.
I can't comment on prices or customer service, but knowing my brother, it must have been reasonable and the people obviously didn't piss him off... they're still standing.

I had a few chapels that I was eyeing in my wedding plans and I am SO glad I choose A Special Memory Wedding Chapel.
I have been to a few Vegas weddings and my worse fear as a bride was the rushed through and cheap feel of a wedding.
I worried that my wedding would be rushed through as the next wedding party arrived, like the weddings I had been to before.
I have even been to wedding where the minster joked to the groom during the ceremony that the exit is right over there.
But, here at A Special Memory, there was NO feelings of being rushed or cheap feelings at all.
We never saw another party at all.
They made us feel like we were very important.
I was picked up from my hotel by a very nice, professional limo driver.
Walked in by him and greeted by the nice young ladies in the entry.
They had a fresh flower bouquet ready for me and make the payments I still owed simple and discreet.
I told them that my husband had the ideas of not seeing me until I walked down the aisle.
They were very accommodating to our wants.
They walked me to the bridal room, offered me water, explained what was going to happen, and frequently checked in on me as I waited for my guests and husband to get ready.
The ceremony went without hitch.
Very romantic and loveing cerimony.
Nothing cheap or "Vegas" about it.
The chapel was clean, well lit, and the minister was very nice and professional.
After the ceremony the photographer took maybe different poses to offer more options for our package.
Kissing poses, family poses, ring pictures, the works.
The whole time NEVER feeling rushed.
Our guests waited outside for us to finish with the pictures.
Once the pictures were finished we greeted and visited with our guests, at least 20 min, and never were we rushed to leave.
My limo driver only mentioned that he was ready when I was.
Once we were ready, we were drove back to our hotel where the drivers professionalism continued.
He help me out and told us congratulations' and if we needed anything to call whenever.
All in all GREAT, SUPER, Very Very happy couple.
HIGHLY recommenced!!
My husband and I got married on a Tuesday evening.
Maybe that helped?
Who knows.
But it was great!
Price was right too!

I will keep this very simple, they just don't care.
The limo drivers were nice, that was the highpoint of our wedding.
Whats more we have been waiting over 2 weeks for our photos because of a website glitch that isn't allowing them to show up.
Every day goes like this...  + We call and ask where our photos are  + The person on the other end of the phone has no idea what we are talking about even though we have called 14 times already.
+ We explain the problem  + They tell us somebody will call back and we will have our photos at the end of the day ...   Nobody calls back ever, still no photos.
There has been no integrity in their actions.
There are many great places to get married in Las Vegas...
I would pick another.
UPDATE:  They also screwd up our video, the video uses about 20% of the screen, there is a big tacky logo across the bottom say Wedding Celebration and no sound.
I wisth I could leave a zero.

Got married here on 11/11/11 with no complaints at all.
Everything went real smooth with the staff being real friendly and helpful.
Will recommend to friends and family.

My wife and I were married at  A Special Memory and everything was awesome , couldn't have asked for more .
The minister , the Elvis we had , the staff , the limo driver , everyone made our day very special , The service was exceptional ,  would recommend this chapel to all who come to vegas and want A+ wedding .
PS they have the most professional Limo Drivers in vegas ..........

Where else can you go to witness a  minute wedding.
This place is on point and professional at the same time.
The place was nice on the inside.
you would have thought it was a normal chappelish place.
The staff was good.
There was a cab issue... the cabs dont like to swing by there but if you walk one street up  really like  ft walla.

My husband and I are not from Nevada and planned our wedding ceremony here.
We were impressed with everything!
Our limo driver picked us up on time and was very nice.
The staff who checked us in were also very nice and professional.
Even though our ceremony was short, the minister made it special and said such thoughtful words.
We had ordered fresh flowers (bouquets and boutenneers) for ourselves and the wedding party - they were well-done and very fresh!
The chapel even had a beautiful fresh flower display in the front of the chapel.
After the ceremony we took extra pictures in the chapel and around the grounds.
The photographer was very nice and accommodating.
All of our guests were very impressed with the chapel and the ceremony.
All in all I give this place 5 stars!
Having our ceremony here was stress-free and they really did make it a special memory for us!

Cat Mouse Game have to play with this people to get our pictures posted online.
5 to 7 days has past but no pictures.. SUCKS.
Talked to Arora (Front Counter) girl and they only promise but no ACTION.
Very disappointing.
Still no picture.
This place takes your money and then who cares..
But have to to agree 1 thing very clean and nice place.
Dont expect  speedy service.
:( :(

Worst place ever.
One of the male photographers rushed taking pictures & told us that we had a LIMIT amount of time to take pictures.
Yes, you may be busy.
Yes you have other customers.
You don't have to be rude !
SECOND, they scammed $100 from us by 'saying' that was DID something that we didn't.
& also , they pulled out a contract & 'said' it was signed, but clearly NO SIGNATURE was on it.
Just be careful at this place.
Never again will we ever RECOMMEND this horrible place.
Who wants to spend THEIR wedding day, giving someone $100 of your hard earned cash.. Just letting you guys know.
Hope this helps..

I had some trepidation about a Las Vegas wedding package being cheesy or feeling rushed, because it was so inexpensive.
I was blown away by so many wonderful things they did.
Aurora at the front desk was so accommodating with all of our special requests, and kept track of all the details perfectly.
She really set me at ease.
We chose the Mt Charleston wedding, so there were several extra moving parts to coordinate.
The limo driver and the photographer were a ton of fun to spend the afternoon with - we had several friends in the limo, and all had a blast.
And, the minister was just lovely - he listened to the vows we prepared, and adapted his words to match - I loved the genuine heartfelt ceremony he gave us.
The mountain meadow setting was gorgeous with snow capped mountain above us.
The flowers were beautiful.
The only glitch was we had the champagne and cake in the limo for the ride back, but no plates or forks!
And when we opened the cake, it was the wrong one!
We had ordered a special gluten-free cake.
But those of us who could eat the cake ruled it wonderfully moist and delicious, and they are sending a refund for the cake.
Great folks and I'd recommend them to anyone.

I'd like to preface this review by pointing out that it is A LOT harder to get married "on a whim" in Las Vegas than they make it seem in the movies.
I don't understand how anyone can go through the process completely drunk.
My husband and I thought we would be one of those couples who simply never got married.
After 5 years together, we decided to tie the knot, but wanted to keep the wedding as quick, simple, and fun as possible.
We went to Sin City this past weekend, and while we had reserved restaurants and booked our hotel far in advance, we figured we would wing it when it came to the actual wedding.
We started our Saturday with breakfast at eat.
(get the beignets!
) and then walked a mile or so down Las Vegas Blvd.
to all of the endearingly trashy chapels.
We found ourselves in A Little White Chapel, and did not have a pleasant experience.
We didn't have a marriage license ahead of time and the gal at the desk was very rude as she explained how to get married in Las Vegas.
She also explained that in addition to paying for the Drive-Thru, there was an additional fee that we paid the minister (cash tip).
So we walked a mile back in the direction from where we just came and registered for marriage license.
As we walked out of the court house, there were about 5 different people waiting and advertising their chapel.
For $45 and no hidden fees, A Special Memory drove us (our driver was so genuine and friendly and had the best red shoes and matching fedora)  from the courthouse to the chapel where we quickly said "I do" and then dropped us off at a bar on Fremont Street after.
Plus it was actually nice inside and out!
And while Elvis did not do our ceremony, we got to chat with him.
Our minster was an awesome, business-like woman and we were so pleased.
We went from walking for what seemed like an eternity and thinking we weren't actually going to get married, to having the best quick wedding we could have hoped for!

We decided to get married in Las Vegas and stumbled onto A Special Memory's site and I'm so glad we did.
After looking through all of the wedding options on the site, we went forward with the helicopter ride.
It was the easiest process you could imagine for a wedding!
We literally called and after speaking to Aurora for about 10 minutes, we had our wedding booked.
Unfortunately on our way out to Vegas from Chicago, we were delayed due to our flight having "mechanical issues" and we weren't able to make our wedding that Friday night as was planned.
While waiting at the airport for our bags, we called to let A Special Memory know what was going on.
Within about 10 minutes, the gentleman on the phone was able to move our whole wedding back a day to Saturday.
This was an amazing experience, the photos are beautiful (Brandy was our photographer - really sweet!
), and I highly recommend this team to anybody looking to do something fun for their wedding.

I call A Special Memory Wedding Chapel to arrange an appointment with them and I was surprised that I can just walk in without one.
After arriving at the small parking lot, shocked by the size of the chapel which is significantly smaller than the picture, I patiently waited 40+ minuets for my 5 minute ceremony.
While being promised professional pictures, the photographer hastily snapped a few crappy photos that doesn't even illustrate the theme and moment.
Some pictures were even slanted!!
These pictures were so bad that my 7 year old cousin can take better pictures than the "professional" photographer.
The camera is a cheap canon that is only worth 450 dollars retail and was only equipped with a standard 18-55mm lens.
No add-on flash or any other accessories were equipped with the camera and they prohibited me to use my canon 7d fully equipped in the chapel.
Despite the quick 5 minute ceremony, the pastor gave me an envelope asking for a 60 dollar minimum to 100 dollar gratuity.
After giving her a good tip, it took her two weeks to file the marriage record.
I called them many times about it and the response I received is that they have 10 business days to file your marriage record while there is nothing they can do for me.
After the 10th day, they finally agreed to contact the pastor to see what was happening and promised to call me back but I never got a phone call or voice mail from them.
If you would want to wait 30 plus minutes for your 5 minute ceremony, pay a huge gratuity, be over-charged for the crappy pictures they take with a non-professional camera, wait at least two weeks for them to file your marriage record, and poor customer service with no reply after calling them many times to ask for an update, then A Special Memory Wedding Chapel is THE place for you.

READ THIS REVIEW BEFORE GETTING YOUR MARRIAGE LICENSE  Among those who's promoting their "wedding chapel", they will promise you to give you wedding service at chapel with low cost.
THIS IS A BIG FAT LIE!
a guy outside of marriage bureau offered us to give wedding ceremony at $45 at the chapel and told us the wedding is free if they charge a penny more.
Israel even offered a limo back to our hotel after ceremony.
They gave me a ride to the chapel and disappeared soon as i got off the car.
so.. this is where fun story begins.
you had to pay extra $65 on top of $45 to perform ceremony in the chapel.
Limo?
yeah right, they dropped us off at taxi stand.
A Special Memory Wedding Chapel will CHEAT and LIE to you on your very special moment to get your business.

Amazing venue and great people.
We did a Drive-Thru wedding and expected it to be average at best.
They blew us away.
They were so sweet, so caring and really made the wedding special.
We got all the perks, the best photos ever and really had a romantic wedding, which is hard to accomplish in a Drive Thru wedding.
The ladies at the Wedding Chapel really knew how to make it special.

Had the awful opportunity to attend a wedding at this chapel.
Yes the chapel is beautiful, but what good is a beautiful chapel with horrible people?
They ask us to arrive early so we follow their instructions & do so.
It's understandable as to why they'd like for us to do so.
But when we arrived early we ended up waiting about 30 mins for them to even help us out, or give us further instructions.
They were too busy paying attention to the bigger group of soon to be newlyweds & guest that arrived after us.
So fine whatever we wait.
Then this lady with short hair & glasses has the audacity to be ever so rude to me & the guests.
Telling us to move aside & be quiet if we want to stay in the building.
She later discovers that we are the guest of a wedding that was supposed to take place.
Yes it's easy to assume that she might've changed her attitude then.
But then she talks to us like were her child and tells us to make our way to the chapel "go on".
I don't care what her intentions were they came off really rude.
She seemed like she was in a hurry and running around with her head cut off.
Maybe run your business like you have things under control and you won't be so rude to your customers.
I've never felt so disrespected.
The way she spoke to me made my blood boil.
I don't recommend this chapel what-so-ever.
If shitty customer service is what you enjoy by all means the shitty memory wedding chapel IS the next venue for your memorable wedding day (:

My husband moved here on a fiance visa and we had to be married within 90 days.
While we were planning a "real" wedding with family in the upcoming months, we needed something quick in terms of a civil ceremony.
Because I love doing things "off the beaten path," we opted for a drive-thru wedding.
I had low expectations in terms of service.
I simply expected fun and something different.
I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the staff makes things!
My bouquet was lovely.
The limo driver was friendly and great.
Six of us rode in the limo and friends were able to be part of the ceremony.
I felt the prices were very reasonable for the packages.
The only hang-up I have is the primitive photo system.
I got prints in lieu of jpegs online or a download somehow.
One could order a CD which I recall being quite expensive.
I'm stuck with useless prints when I'd rather have paid for a couple of jpegs to be downloaded.

