Extremely clean, well organized 7 for All Mankind boutique.
The employees here were quite friendly and knowledgeable and were able to help me out with pretty much any question I threw out at them.
Right now, since most retail stores are hurting because of the economy, there are more things on sale than you might think.
:) I was able to find a couple of things on sale here - nicely priced for the quality I'm paying for.
Sure, 7's are pricier than jeans from The Gap and Banana Republic, but they outlast all my other pairs too.
I might have to start coming to Vegas more often to do my shopping, since the glorious state of California raised the sales tax to 9.25%!!!
4 shakas!
I'll be back...I love the boutique, but I love The Shoppes at The Palazzo too!

OK, so I love my 7s.
I have more than 7 7s.
No jean is more comfortable so I keep buying them and my wife keeps threatening divorce.
This store doesn't help.
I've been to the one in NYC and this one, and what I love are all the styles you just can't find elsewhere.
Their attempts to branch beyond jeans are somewhat uninspired but how can you go wrong with all-you-can-eat 7s in one place?
Appropriate pushiness in servers.
Samba!!

We had such a lovely shopping experience at 7 at Caesars!
When we visited in July, they had a great sale on a lot of their stock, with good reductions - great!
Furthermore the store was really clean, layouts were good , and the changing rooms were spacious and plush.
The highlight of this store though is the staff.
When my mum and I entered, a cool dressed guy (forget his name ..sorry!
) came over and said that "he didn't want to bug us" but let us know about the sale.
Now call me fussy, but I really appreciated his first comment, as so many times when you enter a store in a sale, you are bombarded with staff acting like they're high, trying to shift stock on to you - very irritating!
Furthermore, he offered my mum and I bottles of water (which we gladly accepted - Nevada july heat is hoooot!
) and set up a joint changing room for us - all greatly appreciated.
His bubbly personality and smile certainly played a part in us leaving $300 lighter,and his consideration for 7 customers really impressed us.
A great store with helpful staff and good items to be found - check it out!

Bad customer service.
Rude girl working, didn't give us the time of day until we wanted to actually buy jeans.
Not a good way encourage repeat customers.

I had a great time looking for new 7's here.
Jayson and the other guy, whose name I forgot, took really good care of me and my wife.
I went to the 7's outlet and couldn't find anything in my size, 36, go figure.
Yes, buying from this store is expensive but the product is quality.
The store is very nice, no bad vibes here.
I'll be back next time I'm in Las Vegas.

Yay, I'm the 7th review for 7 For All Mankind.
We came here while shopping at the Palazzo, and my cousins wanted to stop by and buy some jeans.
We were with my elderly aunt, and thank goodness there were couches for her to rest on while my cousins shopped around.
The staff here are really sweet, offering help to my cousins who were shopping, bringing bottles of water for the group (average temperature on that day was 110+ degrees), and making helpful suggestions regarding sizes, fit, and more.
Everyone was very friendly and considerate.
Our shopping trip here was very successful and fun.
If you need some jeans while in Las Vegas, make sure to stop by!

