I wanted Korean BBQ, colleagues thought otherwise.
Carraba's is actually a decent Italian chain restaurant, compared to the "unmentionable garden.
" It was a quiet night, and service attentive.
Started with a glass of Chianti, and the Antipasti plus Shrimp Scampi appetizers.
The Antipasti platter included fried calamari, bruschetta andfried  Mozzarella sticks.
Fried, fried and fried...
The calamari & bruschetta were rather tasty.
I'm still reeling from the garlic in the Scampi.
Main course was grilled shrimp with the sauce of the day, a three bell pepper sauce, plus spaghetti pomodoro.
The salmon was rather tasty, but sauce was OK.  A good place of an out-of-towner looking for a convenient, consistent Italian experience.
Now, how do I extinguish that garlic before my meeting in the morning?

We haven't been here in years and were having one of those rare nights where we had a sitter, couldn't decide where we wanted to go and all we could agree on was wanting a sit down dinner in a hurry to make a movie... so, we wound up at Carraba's.
The same man who greets guests was still sitting at the door greeting people (very sweet guy, makes the atmosphere, totally).
Frank, our server, did a great job, he had a lot of personality and we enjoyed him.
Everything else was good, its just always the food that seems to just.
be.
95%.
I had a bowl of the lentil soup which is awesomeness in a bowl, but got rainbow trout encrusted with hazelnuts.
It sounded amazing, and mostly was, but it was drenched in a butter sauce.
blegh.
The side of broccoli was also cold.
Other than that, the price was decent, service was quick and attentive.

Just went there last night with my visiting sister, who, BTW, had recently visited Italy on a month long tour.
I always like Carrabas, and feel it's fairly consistent in quality.
The fried calamari where perfect, the Italian house red [by the glass], both red and Pinot Noir, were very good.
Our entrees, for a party of 8, varied from Veal Marsala, Sirloin Marsala, Seafood cannelloni, Lasagna, Chicken Marsala, Ravioli, and Salmon.
All were prepared fairly well.
Not the perfect nor best authentic Italian place we've ever been,however it was good enough.
The reductions could have been simmered just a minute longer.
Service was excellent, despite the house being packed.
Have been to this locale several times and will continue to return.

Was forced to go here because the rest of my family didn't want to drive too far.
Don't go here unless you are ok with mediocre Italian food.
Hardly any choices on the menu and not sure if anyone really enjoyed their meal.
Spaghetti with meat sauce was watery.
I created my own chicken pasta with garlic and oil sauce.
No flavor at all.
I just don't ever want to go back there.

Place is not bad at all, very nice environment.
Service was great and the food was decent.
The grilled chicken was awesome!!
Wife loved her Pizza.
We will come back again!

I'll make this short and sweet.
I've only been here once.
I had the parmigiana trio which was awful.
The breading was mushy, the cooking oil had an off taste and the red sauce was closer to ketchup than real sauce.
Everyone else at our table seemed pleased with their dinner and the service was excellent

I went here with friends for their birthday and I would not reccomend this restaurant at all.
Go home, boil some pasta,  add a bottle of Ragu and you will have a better meal.
The service was good, but the pasta was overcooked and the sauces were tasteless.

Veal Marsala + warm bread + great service = Carraba's

Carraba's...I love this place.
Always consistently good!

My favorite chain restaurant.
It's a little pricier than most chain food, but the quality makes it worthwhile.
The food is consistently excellent.
My favorite dish is the Spiedino Di Mare - shrimp and/or sea scallops coated with Italian breadcrumbs, grilled and topped with lemon butter sauce.
It's consistently delicious.
I have also tried their combination chicken platter (3 chicken breasts prepared with three unique recipes), the roasted chicken (sounds boring, but it's very good), and the lobster ravioli, and all the dishes are very good.
The salads and bread are also very good.
One word of warning - I have heard a complaint that the serving sizes are not very big.
Personally, I do not agree, and I have never left hungry even though I usually do not order a dessert.
Also, I have always found the service to be friendly and attentive.
If you have not tried Carrabba's, give it a shot.

My fiancé and I eat here often!
One of our favorite Italian chain restaurants.
He usually gets the pasta carraba and I really enjoy the spaghetti and meatballs.
Also, the house salad is fantastic!

Totally diggin this one!
Our server was awesome!!
She gave some great suggestions and the food......Yum!
Wait....different place!
Lmfao all seriousness...overall nice experience!
Kinda pricey but the service and the serving size makes up for that.
The older people behind us even talked loud enough for us to enjoy their story about some fun drunken hot tub times they had last winter!
That's what I'm talkin bout!
Bow chika bow wow!

They make Olive Garden look good.

Still a great chain restaurant, never disappointing.

Awsome good, the bread and herbs rock, and I love the steak marsala.
Great service!

I think this place is over priced.
I ordered the baked ziti and was a little disappointing with the quality.
A baked ziti from the local NYPD pizza restaurant tastes better and is cheaper.
Plus the service wasn't any better than anywhere else, so I don't see the draw.
I probably would eat here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.

I have not been to Carabba's in over 4 years and I am kicking myself now!
We had a wonderful dinner and would eat here again in a heartbeat!
Very friendly and professional staff from the beginning to the end.
Started off with fried zucchini appetizer, it was fried light and crispy with fresh zucchini, not frozen.
Then we had Caesar salad and all 3 of us each ordered Marsala.
One chicken, one sirloin and one pork chop.
Lucky for me I was able to taste test each one and picking a favorite would be impossible.
Fresh sautéed green beans as well, where do you ever get that?
There is a unique divineness on the grilled meat, possibly hickory?
I am a fan.
Let me tell you about the delectable dessert with vanilla ice cream (I wouldn't be surprised if they made it fresh), caramel and these cinnamon coated walnuts?
WOW.
Diet?
What diet?
I went to a parallel universe while that graced my lips.
The pace of meal was perfect, never feeling rushed and even the manager stopped by for a visit.
I must say for a chain restaurant this topped my charts, completely blew past the Odive Marden....?
Just can't remember the name of that place anymore....hmmm.
One other point is that I wouldn't say the portions are HUGE like most cheap chain restaurants, but I still left completely full and not grossed out stuffed.
I HATE that feeling from cheap over processed food.

Ok place to grab a good meal.
The place was packed on a Monday night with a short wait.
The salad was ok and the bread, oil, and spices were great.
My meal didn't come out so good.
I ordered the Penne Franco with whole wheat pasta.
The menu said any pasta can be whole wheat...such a deal!!
I was excited.
When my meal came out it was regular pasta.
I asked about it and they said they could remake it, make it to go, or ask to speak to a manager.
I spoke to the manager and she agreed to comp the meal.
I can't believe you can't get what you order here.
She said they only have spaghetti in whole wheat...I don't care!
What a mess.

Love this place.
Great food, good atmosphere, and awesome service.

I only have been here when others I am out with pick it.
If it was my choice,  I would steer clear.
The prices are higher for mediocre food.
The lighting is too dark for my preference.
The place has many Sun City residents visiting/long waits to get a table.
No point doing a call ahead,  you still wait (we called ahead but waited 45 minutes after our time slot).
And the staff rush you through so that they can get the next group through.

We/ve had great experiences eating at Carrabas in Austin.
While on vacation we ate at the Carrabas in Surprise.
The food was okay, but the service was well below expectations.
There are lots of good restaurant choices in the area, so I wouldn't recommend Carrabas.
For what we paid, I would expect better service and quality.

I NEVER go to these types of restaurants.
My daughter asked to go to Carrabas so we did.
I hate them on principal and that will never change.
With that being said, here is an honest review from my daugter, wife and myself.
SERVICE: NON EXISTENT.
Thats all I can say.
Took our drink order and food order and then NEVER saw the server again.
UGGGH !
AMBIENCE: Just like all the other ones.
Fake, insincere, cookie cutter restaurant.
CORPORATE taste is on every plate.
FOOD:  Caesar salad and both side salads were pathetically put together with NO salad representation other then lettuce and 2 olives....That is not a salad of any caliber whatsoever.
Chicken Parmigiana..TERRIBLE quality chicken and breading.
First time I have EVER experienced Chicken Parmigiana that is NOT served with pasta.
Hmmm...ODD.
Options were offered but pasta is not an included item with the dish.
Chicken Alfredo.
Watery thin sauce lack of any substance.
WEAK to say the least.
Chicken on the alfredo and Caesar salad had a strong lemon flavor.
Again Odd.
OVERALL: UGGH It has sunk to worse then Olive Garden.

Tried it twice, not a fan.
Wanted to like it?
I know Olive Garden is down the street and can produce a quailty product.
If I compared the two I have to go with Olive Garden, quality salad, bread, service.
Stiff competition around here, if the service was there and the food quality was better it could maybe be as good as the Olive Garden.

Great place for Italian food.
Very family friendly.
Mellow atmosphere with friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Never had a bad meal.
My favorite is Sirloin Marsala and you can choose any pasta they have to go with it at no charge.
Recommend to anyone who enjoys quality Italian for a good price.

Good food and good service.
Their pasta dishes really excell.
On our last visit, we so enjoyed the Chicken Caesar Flatbread appetizer (we polished it off in no time!
) and the warm Chocolate-Caramel-Banana Panini was over the top!
That, you have to try!
Audrey A.

Amazing food and atmosphere!
love this place!!!

We love Carrabbas.
This is our staple go to at least once every few months.
The food is always fresh and cooked to order.
It always tastes great.
For the price, the amount of food you get is great.
The ambiance is perfect, and our three year old loves it too.

Eat there every birthday.
My favorite Italian restaurant in surprise.

Decent chain Italian.

The food was ok, the prices was too high and very few selection dinner choices.
Will not return, because of false statement made of another restaurant, very unprofessional

This is a great place.
I'm not usually a big fan of chains but this is my favorite Italian restaurant in Surprise.
We've had several items off the menu now and almost all have been great.
There is 1 exception.
The 20 Clove Chicken.
The waitress warned us that it was "highly" seasoned with salt and pepper.
My friend decided to order it anyway since she tends to like salty things.
It was HORRIBLE and we ended up throwing half of it away.
As good as most food is at Carrabbas, they should be embarrassed by this one.

SO SO good!
Minestrone is excellent; salmon under homemade tomato vinagarette.
Garlic mashed potatoes awesome.
Get in there and eat!

What is up with the host's lately in restaurants.
They have zero personality and really don't set a great first impression.
Anyhow lets get to food and service.
Carol is great and really overcomes the original impression left by the podium guards.
We ordered a tomatoe caprisi appetizer and it was excellent!
A new variation on a classic.
Tomatoes are spread out on the plate and has chopped tomaroes spread around.
The new addition to this classic is fresh red onion and then a balsamic reduction and fresh basil.
I could eat this dish as an main course but I don't have that much restraint.
I orderes pasta franco and it was very food.
The combination of olives artichoke hearts and sundried tomatoe makes this dish a little salt towards the end but it wasn't unexpected.
I would order it again.
Carol Is very attentive but never pushy and you should definitely ask for her.
We don't dine here often enough but we will remedy that.

Hubby and I decided on Carrabas for our anniversary quick dinner out.
We walked in on a Friday night, told there was a 10-20 minute wait, within 3 minutes we were being seated!
Server was great, knowledgable and on it!!
My husband ordered the Fillet medium, it did come rare, however I still give 5 stars because we were so impressed with the way they handled it.
They took the fillet on a separate place so he could still eat his sides while they fixed up the fillet.
When it was ready, a manager brought out a whole new fresh plate fresh fillet!
Very impressive while I believe most restaurants would have re heated.
The server comped us our drinks and all our food was VERY good!!
Will go back for sure.

I eat at Carabbas all the time, but this was my first time at this one.
It was so gross, the sauce drenched the whole plate, the pasta was mush, thumbs down carabbas.
get your act together

I had never been here before and we decided to go for date night.
The bread and dipping sauce was grad, along with the mussels.
The soup was heavy on the pepper.
My entrée, veal picatta, was delicious, though too heavy on the mash.
Our dessert, Creme Brulee, was correct in flavor but underbaked and liquid on top still.

This has been a great place to eat in Chandler.
Last nite for my BD I WANTED TO EAT AT Carrabbas again.
We have been away for a couple of years and recently moved back to Phoenix.
We went to the one on west mcdowell.
My husband told our server it was my birthday and asked if they had a birthday cake and she replied "happy birthday I" ll see what we can do" and flashed her best coquettish smile.
Then came the food.....salad was skimpy and one or two bites of romaine the ret iceberg, slightly wilted and we each had two, yes two croutons,  then what used to be amazing hot bread was only slightly warm, and tasteless.
I wanted to return the salad but could never see our server.
Then my meal.
Sirloin Marsala, runny sauce more browned than should be and mostly oily taste very little of wonderful Marsala.
Husbands chicken Bryan was way overlooked and dry the feta on top was the best part ...then garlic mashed...like soup!
We finally got server and asked for pasta instead of potato soup and asked for manager to talk to about rest of meal.
While waiting, her comes server and put a small card in front of me with three desserts and said which one would you like and I picked tiramisu ....here she comes eith candles lit "happy birthday".
Thus was the best part of the meal, but not a tiramisu,  mostly whipped cream and lady fingers,  she brings chech and she charged us for the "dessert with candles".
My husband questioned her and she snidely said we don't do birthdays!,,,  so I said take this off the ticket you led us to believe this was for my birthday....and she said oh no you misunderstood so I said get me your manager and she threw down the check and walked away,  manager finally came over and we explained about the dessert and he removed it...ans said he would talk to the kitchen about the potatoes...??
Then here comes the server and she tossed our credit card on the table and stormed off.....so my tip for her was written on tip line..."check you attitude" girlie!
Really sorry as I had good memories of food here....maybe the Chandler location hasn't gone down like this location but don't think i will find out....

I received a gift card so we tried it out for the first time.
The call ahead waiting list is a bad idea.
It's not a reservation so I couldn't see what good it did to eliminate or shorten our wait.
I ordered a steak medium rare and got raw meat.
I really don't like eating the sides before the main item and then eating the meat when everyone else is finished.
Decided to give it another try tonight.
Ordered salmon with lump crab.
The salmon was raw and cold in the middle.
Again I had to eat the mashed potatoes alone and the salmon didn't come back until we prodded the waiter.
No manager visit to the table, no comp, no good.
Unfortunately I can't give a good rating and we won't eat here again.

Down the street from our house so we thought we would try it out.
The Customer Service in this place was OUTSTANDING.
Our Waitor was on top of it, always checking on us, very friendly and over all very nice.
Even the other waiter in the area (not ours) stopped a couple of times to remove plates and ask us how we where.
Food- Not so good.
We will not be back- the food is over priced- the menu is rather small and the food really was not that good... at all.... Olive Garden has better food.... and thats not saying much.
The pasta was bland, sauce tasted watered down and not that tasty.
Their Desert was yummy though.
We will not be back because of the food- If we hear they change their menu- or chef we will come back.
The service was really good.

We had a reservation for nine.
It took an hour to get seated and and hour and half to get our food.
The restaurant was closed an we still could not get our good.
The food arrived slowly but eventually showed up.
At the end of the day the waitress was attentive and the food was good.
Be prepared to wait.
In sure there are other restaurants in the area that would appreciate you as a customer.

Excellent food, great atmosphere wine prices are reasonable ... We will definitely come back again

Upon reading some of the reviews, I could not believe a restaurant that had been so good had gotten so bad, so decided for my birthday I wanted to go to Carrabbas and see for myself.
There were four of us arriving at 4:30 on Sunday.
We got right in, our waitress was Jessica A.
We began with the Zucchini Fritte for our appetizer -- one serving was fine for the four of us and was as excellent as I remember.
For the main courses there were two Filet Fiorentinas, one Maui Wulfe - a new dish, and one Chicken Parmesan.
There was more than enough bread served, along with a nice size salad and one side with each entrée.
Jessica was excellent -- absolutely attendant to our small table, making sure every empty tea glass was filled and everything was delicious!
The waitress who brought the Filets to the table made sure before leaving that they were done to perfection.
The Filets were tender and juicy, the Maui was an excellent dish, and the Chicken Parmesan was tender and just right.
All in all, all four of us were beyond satisfied, and beyond full.
One take-home container was required.
I don't know about the bad reviews other than I am extremely happy I paid them no mind and set out to prove them wrong!

No.......just no.
Let's cover what was good here, that's quicker.
The caesar salad, and the bread.
That's about it.
Overpriced, nasty marsala sauce covering entire plate.
Kids portions consisting of about 3 oz.
of mush noodles.
Did I mention overpriced.
Seated at a table right up near the kitchen line as well, so got to hear all the servers pissing and complaining about their manger, each other, gossip, etc.

First time here and we all liked our food.
I had spaghetti and meatballs and they did a great job with this dish.
Not too rich but just right for middle of the road spaghetti.
Good bread with their olive oil dipping sauce they created.
Okay wine list for a medium price range selection.
Not fancy but good for an everyday Italian food restaurant.

Good was good!
It was close to mind blowing good!
BUT ITS VERY EXPENSIVE!
sadly the portions are small so it's almost not worth it!
The chicken in the chicken Alfredo is so good I can almost taste the wood it was cooked on!
Didn't love the oil crap they give you with the bread & I wished the served baked ziti but I would definitely go back!
Not on a budget or if I was starving!
It's a step up from the Olive Garden!

We did curb side take out.
The food was hot.
..I had chicken Bryan.
.hubby had seafood.
Came with house salad..
Note to carrabas.
Ditch the iceberg lettuce... but other than that.
.. great experience.
.. will visit again for sure!!!
Bread.
With olive oil dip comes with.
Even on takeout.

This USED to be our favorite restaurant  the food is SALTY, the chicken was dry..the steak was tough..the lettuce in the salad was watery(and of all days- it was our anniversary)...plus my amex number was stolen within 20 minutes after paying the bill at Carrabba's(I called and someone did apologize...said they would send a gift card...and that never came)  If you go there...pay in CASH!

Loved the red cinnamon sangria and the mussels!
Wait staff were friendly and knowledgeable when asked for suggestions.

We love Frank!
He's serves at the bar rail.
Always very pleasant, informative, and loves our personal requests.
He will even go to the kitchen and make special requests just for us.
He's the best.

