The food is fantastic, and the service is usually great, although sometimes the chef can be very slow (and that's why I give it 4, instead of 5 stars).
Yummy!

Authentic tasting, great atmosphere, friendly staff...  A great place to enjoy great food and relax.

If you're looking for authentic Italian cuisine (NOT that garbage served at the highly-overrated "O" restaurant), the Baci is the place to go.
On our first visit there, we met the owner's son Frankie, who was friendly and extremely accommodating.
His father arrived shortly thereafter - Frank Sr. - and we met him too.
From speaking with him, it is apparent that he is proud of his restaurant - and should be!
First of all, it is quite a drive - seems like we drove forever in fact, and we live in central Gilbert!
It's in a shopping plaza but it's a stand-alone building.
The decor is OK, with a Mediterranean feel, though the paint treatment on the walls meant to look like stucco ain't fooling anyone.
Wine selection was very good, and they have a full bar.
Service is very good, but can be slow at times, which is what you would expect from an authentic Italian restaurant.
The food was absolutely fabulous.
As someone who grew up in New York, I would consider myself a connoisseur of Italian food and Baci hits the mark.
I chose the Chicken Parmesan but we were with a group of 16 people and enjoyed sampling each other's selections.
The menu has many, many diverse selections.
Again about the service - here's an example of how great they are.
I ordered my meal but I'm not really one for the traditional spaghetti marinara served on the side.
I asked the server what I might be able to substitute.
He responded - "What would you like?
" That's right - not "You can have this, or that, or the other thing," but he wanted to know what I wanted to have!
What a concept!
I decided on bowtie pasta with alfredo, which was wonderful.
My only wish is that this place was closer to us, but we look forward to going back again soon.

Make sure you have plenty of time to spend with family and talk .... this place takes forever to bring food, but that's not a bad thing.
They did everything they could to keep the kids entertained - bread dough to play with - which they LOVED.
Plenty of bread to eat and refils kept coming.
The food was so fresh and good that I did not mind the wait.
Probably one of the best Italian places I have ever eaten at in the valley.
So glad Queen Creek got this gem, I just hope the location does not kill them until that airport gets a little bigger!
Pizza, Chicken, Pasta ... everything was amazing.
I can't wait to go back and try more!

Went at better time.
Around 6 on a Monday.
Much less people and even better service.
I used the coupons I had gotten from that 90% off deal and they worked like a charm ...
They serve you so much food, I would suggest just getting it split in two before they even bring it to you ... although I often don't do that and eat to much!!
hahaha ... amazing service, amazing food and a great environment!
They even had MNF (Monday Night Football) playing on the big screens!!
NICE!

**** Baci Italian Bistro  in Queen Creek is a hidden treasure ****  This place is in such a out of the way area, No one know about it.
I was stunned as I walked in the front door, I was expecting a simple cafe with a few tables and chairs around them.
What I found was elegant dining room made to feel as if you are sitting in a Italian enclosed courtyard complete with a fountain in the middle of the dining room!
I love Italian food a lot, and I am picky.
This is the BEST I have had in Arizona!
Their Veal dishes are phenomenal, perfectly breaded and prepared.
The staff is super friendly, as my friend and I walked in (during dinner) a female, who I took to be the chef, welcome us and asked us if we were "hungry?
" I being a medium build man as well as my friend naturally answered "yes.
"  I cannot imagine what was brought out to us were their normal "dinner portions.
" nice portions of veal,  I could not finish and asked for a to go box.
I cannot praise Baci Italian Bistro enough, it is great, go ready to have a good time and you will not be disappointed.
I recommend this for a casual lunch or a romantic dinner for two, you will not go wrong at Baci Italian Bistro!
The only thing that need work here the owner needs to let his family seat everyone, and the pizza need to be better.
I'm like the pizza from the east coast more.
The dress code is mixed.

I have lived in Queen Creek for a year and a half and have never noticed this restaurant.
I never turn down the road that it is on, but drive past it every day.
Wanting something Italian and learning Nick & Vito's closed, I remembered seeing a sign on Ellsworth point toward the restaurant.
It was surprisingly close.
The first thing I noticed (other than the door slamming in the strong winds) was the size of the restaurant.
Very large with a nice bar area, multiple televisions and a nice big glass window.
Our server was prompt and stopped by frequently.
He kept the drinks filled and ensured we had everything we need.
The deco was nice too - a nice marble textured wall with some posters/paintings on display.
I heard Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin lowly through the overhead speakers.
I was distracted in looking at the menu because I was trying to locate Yelp reviews on my phone to see what was good.
The waiter had already stopped by twice allowing extra time and I still wasn't sure, so I just ordered fettuccini alfredo.
My friend ordered basically the same thing plus chicken & broccoli.
Both dishes came with salad.
I have to say the bread was excellent.
I know, kind of weird getting excited over bread, but that with the oil.
Nice!
The portions were huge - I came away with a big take out box.
Not bad for $10.95.
Guess who's got lunch?
Overall the fettuccini was fine.
It wasn't the best I have had, but it was good.
The sauce was not too thick, not too runny.
It was a good dining experience and a good, close option for Italian food in the Queen Creek area.

love this Italian bistro!
my fav.
i would have giving 5 stars for dinner you need sometime.
well about 2 hours.
so do go here for a quick bit because you will be there for ever.
but for an evening out this is the place for you the best Italian food comes to the table hot hot hot!
i can't ever get enough!

Have been here three times now since they move the to their new location.
When they first moved to the new location, I thought this would be a mistake for them.
A very out of the way location just West of Ellsworth on Germann..
Boy was I wrong!!!
Third time through last night.
Went with visiting family.
We were late getting out the door for dinner so did not get there until almost 7:30 p.m.
The parking lot was packed as was the restaurant.
Now, I have to say one thing before I move on...
It is one thing to go out to dinner with family/friends to enjoy an evening out.
I am all about sitting around the table for a nice conversation and laughs...
But if you have finished your meal and find that  you are sitting around all the while the restaurant is packed with people waiting for a table, then maybe it is time to pack up and leave.
It is the respectful thing to do.
It is one thing to sit around a table when the restaurant is not very busy..
But when it is packed and there is a line out the door, taking up space to sit around and talk for hours is not only rude to the waiting people, but the staff that have to service your table.
The server makes money based on tips and therefore is dependent on the number of people that they can get through their tables.
Not too mention the restaurant itself that is dependent on the number of customers it can service to make money.
When you sit around, you are hurting their ability to make money.
Move to the bar or simply get out.
But don't take up a table for hours after you have finished your meal when there are people waiting.
With that said, we arrived to a packed restaurant.
We were told that it would be about 35 minutes, but with the VERY RUDE couple of tables that wanted to sit around and talk, it ended up being an hour...
They do take reservations.
And I would recommend them or getting there early, before 5:30 if you don't want to wait.
At least on a Friday or Saturday night..   Table ordered:  Pepperoni Pizza, Baked Stuffed Shells with Meat Sauce, Shrimp & Asparagus in Vodka Sauce on Angel Hair - Special of Night, and Chicken and Shrimp Capricioso with Angel Hair.
All food was very good.
Very traditional Italian.
No appetizers for table last night, but have had the Bruschetta in past and it has been very good.
Table is also supplied with unlimited fresh baked bread which is outstanding.
In the past have had several different pasta dishes.
And also the Chicken Parmigiana.
All have been very good.
Service is very slow, which is why I don't provide the 5th Star.
And has been each time we have been there.
Staff just does not seem to be in any hurry.
I also happened to watch while the owner appeared to be training a new waitress at front of house.
Was close enough that I could over hear him giving lectures and teaching.
Then watched as he went over different wines on menu.
Now, as slow as the service is, I would think that you would find a better time to train instead of Friday night at the busiest time...
But give it a try.
You won't be disappointed.
But plan ahead.
You cannot be in a hurry when you go...

It is a drive to get to but the food is worth the drive.
Very nice decor and attentive staff.
Prices were not unreasonable but could have been a tad less for better value.
Lots of pasta choices and plentiful servings, I like a place that offers two kinds of garlic bread, with or without cheese.
I was disappointed in the meatballs, definently have had better and at $2.50 a meatball they were not worth the money.
Overall a good place to go if you are heading down towards Queen Creek.

Highly disappointed!
This place charges high prices for low quality food.
We ordered the fried calamari for an appetizer and right when it arrived I knew this place wasn't going to be good.
An Italian joint should have their calamari down to a perfection, this place not so much.
Out came a small platter with about 7 rings of calamari that was completely flavorless and chewy.
The salads were alright, except for the few brown and wilted greens.
I ordered the linguine with clams, and it was mediocre.
My friend ordered the orange roughy (fish) and it totally tasted like it was previously frozen.
If your a fish eater you will instantly know that their fish isn't fresh when you bite into it.
It was very bland and had a watery texture to it like it was just thawed out and cooked.
If your going to charge $25 for the fish entree you dayum well better be serving FRESH fish.
I don't recommend this place to anyone and the only people that would actually like this place have really bad taste in food.
The other people on here who wrote good reviews obviously have BAD taste in food.

If there is one thing that queen creek lacks, it is good Italian food.
Baci gave my new wife and I some amazingly well prepared food.
We are very picky about our Italian food, my wife grew up in Rome, NY and still raves about Teddy's chicken ridges (a local Upstate favorite).
I must say that after eating at Baci, we are done searching for good Italian in the valley, it is right down the road!

I like this place for a few reasons: 1.
They play oldies like Hall n Oats and Phil Collins and had TV monitors with Football!
Not typical for most Italian restaurants I've been too and I like it because it doesn't feel stuffy or fake.
The owner is so sweet and entertaining - he came by and asked us how our meal was.
His ora is pleasant and it's clear he loves what he does.
Um, the food is fantastic!!
I got the chicken parmesan with fettucini and their Vodka sauce - it was too die for!
We also had the bruschetta (Mmh!
) and their bread/butter was great too (a little bit too much flour on top of the bread but not a big deal).
Huge portion sizes, so I took my left overs home and enjoyed it again the next day.
Yum!
I am definitely a fan and hope to come back again real soon!

I think the lack of places to eat in QC has clouded the judgment of most of these reviewers.
They wedged our small two person party in to a table that was practically on top of a huge family which made us and them uncomfortable.
Our waitress was absent for 98% of the meal.
The Bruscetta was terrible as the toast was soaked in butter and oil.
Both pasta dishes that we ordered were good but not worth the poor service and bad appetizer.

This is the best Italian place in the east valley and possibly all of Phoenix!
The owner is so friendly and nice.
We used to go to their original place when we lived in Gilbert, the new building is beautiful!
When we come down to the valley, Baci's is one of the places that we look forward to visiting!
Homemade Tiramisu...to die for.....gnocchi....yummy....it's all good!

Highly, highly recommend the Chicken Marsala-  not the creamy version though.

Very glad I finally tried this place.
Got lost trying to find it at night but walking in to this place feels very homely, cute place.
As far as food, the bread was average...nothing special about it especially serving it with butter in packages.
I'd rather have olive oil to dip warm bread in to at an Italian joint, no butter.
My pasta dish was huge, and you get to choose the noodles you want which I like.
I think they can really benefit from having smaller portions and lowering the prices.
You get what you pay for but I literally took home two more servings of what I ordered.
After eating a piece of bread and the huge side ceaser salad which was good, I could only eat a small portion of my pasta meal.
I would defintley go back to this place two or three times a month, good place to take a date or in couples.

Baci's has the best italian food around.
It is always super fresh and has wonderful flavor.
I have enjoyed everything that I have tried.
The food does take a little longer to come out than at a lot of places but that is only because they are cooking it fresh to order for you.

Amazing Italian food with a home made feel and family owned.. Great lunch menu but our favorite is the veal or eggplant parmesan... On holidays and weekends it's busy but a little bar in the back is a great place for a glass of wine while you wait!

If your ever out in Queen Creek check this place out.
Awesome food & HUGE portions of the pasta.

My friends liked Baci at the old location so we went to the new location to celebrate a birthday.
It was packed but the wait wasn't bad.
Once we got seated though, it was like we were forgotten.
We Ordered the Antipasta Ala Baci and didn't care for it so we left it.
After what felt like forever our waitress finally said she would box it up & as she walked away she said she would put our food order in.
It was 9pm by then and we told her if she hadn't put in or order to cancel it because we were going to miss our movie.
She was a little argumentative & said the owner doesn't want them serving while the appetizer is still on the table & that it would just take 5 minutes and if we wanted she would just box it up.
Given it is supposed to be fresh Italian food I was a little concerned what it would taste like if it was only going to be 5 minutes.
We got the orange roughy Florentine, the sirloin tips (nightly special) and the spicy meatballs (nightly special).
One friend said the spicy meatball was pretty good but the orange roughy was so bad my other friend couldn't eat it and the sirloin tips were almost as bad.
When the waitress came back to box them up my friend tried to tell her how bad the food was but she wouldn't even listen and just took the plate away and gave us a bill for $73 (we had a tea and 2 waters).
I don't think I have ever had service or food this bad before and for that much, I would have been more satisfied going to a fast food restaurant and then throwing the rest of the money away.
Sweets was right in saying that friends got preference, the owner even took our waitresses attention away from us to say that the next table was from New York so my friend said I'm from New York too but the waitress just walked away.
My friends were repeat customers but they will never go back and neither will I.

Really good food, at a great value.
I've seen the owner just about every time I've been.
That's a sign of a great place to me.
The portions are rather large so it's a good place to go for yummy leftovers.

This place is kind of hidden and facing away from the street so if your like me you'll pass it and not realize that its located in a some what look a like shopping plaza.
I don't have a lot to say about this place other than the fact that the decor is nice throughout the restaurant, bathrooms are very cool and modern looking and the food is good.

Wow.
This Italian place is the best I have ever had.
If your looking for nice atmosphere and great food try it out.
Will be going back for sure.

This is my favorite italian restaurant in Phoenix by far!
My favorite dish is the capricosa dish.
I've never seen that dish served anywhere else.
I typically order it with Chicken and Shrimp but sirloin and shrimp is also great.
I love small family owned places like this.
Even though I love how nice their new place is, I kinda miss the hole in the wall feel their old place had.
The owner is super cool.
He even made me a dish once per request that wasn't on the menu.
I got back from a trip from Italy and asked if he knew how to make some of these dishes.
If you ask the owner and eat in, they will make things that are non menu items.
Another favorite of mine is the Lasagna.
Its so good that I normally don't eat lasagna at all but I do theirs.
That's how good it is.
I think the only thing I ate there where I wasn't super impressed was their pizza.
I haven't had it in years and it was just once but it was okay.
Everything else though is amazing!

An awesome place to have dinner.
Might want to split a plate as the servings are huge.
I can't wait to go back.

Truly one of the best Italian restaurants I haven eaten at.
The staff is friendly and we were seated very quickly.
The proportions were extremely generous.
The bruschetta was some of the best!
Stop in, you wont be disappointed!

Great place to eat.
Friendly service.
Awesome!

This is one of my favorite Italian joints in all of Arizona...and I'm a half dago.
I've never had anything that wasn't very good and the service is always good.
Good meatballs, good sausage, good marinara, good wine, good beer, good food.
Go there.

Wow!
What yumminess!
Apps were just ok (had the calamari and the fried mushrooms), but the caprese salad was awesome!
Chopped tomatoes in a bowl with slices of mozz on top, and a balsamic.dressing in the bottom.
So delicious!
One of the best I've had.
Had the creamy chicken marsala (over linguine) and HOLY CRAP was it AMAZING!!!
One of the best pasta dishes I've had in my life.
Tremendous flavors!
Who knew I'd drive to Queen Creek before I'd eat Italian in Mesa?
Nice!

Recently moved to Queen Creek and Baci is Queen Creek-adjacent.
Had done my research on new places to try and this was at the top of the list, plus had a rave review from  my brother.
We have two restaurant.com gift certificates to use at Baci but they are for lunch Tuesday through Thursday and we wanted Italian food tonight so we just went for it at full price.
Well worth it!
Got there a little before 7:00 pm and had about a 7 minute wait.
The tables weren't all full but it looked like they were mainly seating in booths and leaving the tables open for larger parties.
The wait wasn't bad and the owner came over and talked to the couple ahead of us and when they were seated, turned his attention to us.
He is very charming and great at making his guests feel welcome and comfortable.
The decor is nice and the booths are roomy and comfortable with high backs that afford privacy and would be great for a romantic date.
There was no music playing when we first arrived but someone turned it on about halfway through our meal and it was old standards, very nice and relaxing.
Also TVs positioned all around with sports on so if you're into watching TV while waiting for your meal, you can certainly catch some type of sporting event.
Now for the important part--the food!
Appetizer - Fried Ravioli:  The ravioli themselves were okay and probably the only reason I am not giving Baci 5 stars.
They weren't bad but they weren't great either.
However the marinara that accompanied them was OUTSTANDING.
Entrees are served with a choice of soup or salad so I'll throw my opinion of those in here too.
I had the salad with Italian dressing.
The greens were crisp and fresh, lots of romaine and a few other baby greens.
I am not a fan of croutons but Baci's are obviously made in house and were delicious.
The Italian dressing was slightly creamy and tart and just outstanding.
My husband had a cup of the soup of the day, which was meatball.
He loved it and the one little taste I had was very flavorful.
Bread:  Kind of odd to have the bread come out after the appetizer but it was a wonderful crusty loaf of ciabatta with butter.
There was oil and vinegar at the table if we'd wanted to dip the bread instead of using butter but I am a huge butter fan.
Swiping the marinara off the plate after eating the fried ravioli was heavenly!
Entrees -- Lasagna with Meat Sauce and Linguine with Shrimp and Scallops in Garlic Butter Sauce:  I'll go with the easy one first.
The lasagna was at least seven layers with lots of gooey mozzarella on top and the meat sauce was so very good.
I could barely make it through half before I gave up and had the rest boxed up to bring home.
Leftover lasagna is one of the best things ever!
Now on to the Linguine.
The linguine and seafood list was extensive and I know how my husband loves that combination so I pointed it out to him fully expecting he'd choose the option with shrimp and scallops.
I would never order such a thing because usually Italian restaurants overcook the seafood.
But he is more forgiving than I so he went for it.
There were six sauce choices and my husband went for the garlic butter sauce.
Excellent choice!
I had just a bite of the linguine with sauce initially and could have eaten a whole bowl of that.
Finally gave in and sampled a scallop and a shrimp and both were sweet and cooked perfectly.
What a fabulous dish!
Totally changes my opinion of seafood dishes at an Italian restaurant.
Dessert -- Limoncello Cake:  We were stuffed but agreed to look at the dessert menu anyway.
I was ambivalent but my husband loves dessert and then our server mentioned the Limoncello Cake that wasn't even listed on the menu.
She said it was the best thing and she was completely right.
When it first came out I was thinking the cake might be dense and a little dry and then I took a bite and it was light and airy and lemony.
Sublime.
We should have ordered two slices.
I also ordered a cup of coffee and even that was wonderful.
I had to fight my husband for the coffee because he wanted to try one sip and kept going back for more.
Luckily he's not supposed to have caffeine so he finally had to stop.
The service was good but I think our server may have been under the weather because she and the owner had a little convo at the server station next to our booth and he was trying to send her home.
She was still pleasant and attentive but you could tell she might be having an off night.
Every server and bus person I saw seemed to have a great attitude.
Our total for all of this and two soft drinks was around $70 including a slightly above 20% tip.
I'd say pricing-wise things are just about what you'd expect for excellent quality food.
Obviously with gift certificates to use we will be going back but even if we didn't, we'd want to go.

Amazing Italian food...
The owner and son make the service friendly and great for families or a couples night out...  My favorite is veal parm & wife loves about 10 different meals!!
Must go!

Been coming here for years; because it is that good.
Quantity and quality live harmoniously.
Quite obvious, the freshest produce utilized in the ingredients.
Flavorful dishes.

I really cannot say how happy I was to find this place.
I had despaired of ever having any good italian food in Arizona, and I have tried many from Tempe, to Scottsdale, to Mesa.
It is located just west of Ellsworth on Germann.
The restaurant itself is beautiful.
Soft lighting, rustic wood ceilings with beautiful wrought iron touches, intimate booths with marble tabletops, white linens, and a fountain in the center.
My husband and I chose the bar to sit in, directly under a framed poster of the Sopranos cast with a hand written message to Frank, the owner, proclaiming it to be the best italian restaurant in Arizona, signed by "Paulie".
What a coupe that a New York Italian would write that!
And he was not wrong!
The bar attendants, hosted by Brandi, served us first a perfect lemon drop martini with Citron vodka and a creamy limoncello with a lemon slice.
Perfection!
Tart and sweet, with a creaminess and almost vanilla undertone.
It was smooth and crisp.
My husband and I chose the bruschetta to start.
It arrived with warm, slightly crisp bread, chunks of fresh mozarella, italian tomatoes, red onion, garlic and olive oil.
We literally could not stop until every last tomato was speared from the plate.
After that arrived a warm loaf of fresh italian bread, soft in the center, with a crisp crust and real butter, or olive oil and an aged balsamic.
Then a dinner salad with fresh greens, homemade garlic herb croutons in a creamy italian dressing with red wine and just a hint of mustard for a wonderful tang.
The soup of the day was a creamy clam chowder, wonderful in its simplicity with celery, potato and fresh clams.
You could tell the freshness of the clams from the slight chew and mellow flavor.
And then the entrees.
For my husband the linguini with shrimp and scallops in a garlic butter sauce.
It was a symphony of color and the scallops and shrimp were so perfectly cooked.
None of the seafood was overcooked as we are used to seeing.
It was all treated with the care you see to make excellent ingredients shine.
The sauce buttery, light, and with the briny flavor of excellent seafood.
My veal parmigana was very good with tender veal, melted mozarella, and a incredibly flavorful marinara.
You could taste the olive oil, basil, and italian tomatoes.
The service was very attentive despite how busy they were on a Saturday night.
Brandi was wonderful in suggesting an excellent red wine to go with the veal (they called it their 337, with wonderful berry and wood notes and a soft finish)  Frank, the owner, was seating patrons himself, and spent minutes with us to say how appreciative he was of our compliments.
You could tell how sincere he was and how seriously he takes his patrons.
Over all, this was the best, most special meal both of us has had together, and would encourage everyone we meet to become regular patrons.
Oh, and by the way, this wonderful, perfect meal cost us a mere $68.00.
I would challenge anyone, anywhere to get this caliber of food for this price.
We were prepared to pay double for what we received.
As food is our hobby, we know a perfect meal when we find it!

I love the food here!
The owner is always fun to visit with and the recipes are authentic.
Dinners portions are substantial so my wife and I often fill up on one entree.

We went there based on all the great reviews on Yelp.
What a disappointment.
First we arived about 5:45 on a Saturday evening.
There were at least 10 empty tables but they made us sit in the bar for 10 minutes!
I  ordered a glass of cabernet and the bartender never gave me a wine list or asked me what I preferred--just have me the house wine which was mediocre at best.
The bread was very good.
However, I had the Orange Roughy piccata which was swimming in lemon.
The fish was tough and very chewy.
Orange Roughy should be tender and melt in your mouth.
Another guest had the chicken parm and she was happy with it.
My husband had the baked penne which was overcooked.
We won't be returning.
Very disappointed.
Service was good though other than the bartender.

WAY TOO EXPENSIVE.
Food was good though

Awesome food, service, and atmosphere!
The chicken parm is fabulous!

Great food, slow service.
We got seated at 4:30, which was early when it wasn't busy.
We ordered quickly, and food was served at 5:40.
All of our service was slow (water, bread, salad).
Chicken parm and chicken Alfredo were excellent, and cannoli was yummy!!
Family owned and run.
Owner was friendly and great.
I think we just got an awkward waiter, who was actually the owner's son who let us know he was hung over from his bday the night before.
Loved the location and food!
Slow service and food delivery really makes me want to give it 3 stars, but the food deserves 5 stars.
I've been to Italy and truly enjoyed the authentic this Italian!
Definitely go to Baci, but don't be in a hurry.

Have eaten here several times and am yet to be disappointed.
The appetizers, pizza, and pastas are authentic and full of flavor.
Baci's offers great service, great menu, awesome food, and a nice environment to eat in.

This was the first time we were at Baci's and the last time we will go back.
The food is way to expensive and really not that tasty.
Need more seasoning.
Kinda bland.
I give it two stars and to me that's generous.
One star goes to the bread.
The other goes to our waitress.
She was nice.
Other than that I would not give any stars to the food.
I'm not sure what they put in there food, but I couldn't sleep that night.
Felt so bloated and nauseated.
Not a good sign when trying a new restaurant.
I was up all night.
Wanted to try a new restaurant and was extremely disappointed.
Now I know why we stick to the few restaurants we love and keep going back to.
I definitely would not recommend the food at this restaurant.

I love this place.
The owners and staff are very friendly.
I have never had an issue eating here.
The food is authentic and delicious.
It's my favorite place to eat in Queen Creek.
If I moved I would drive out here just to eat there food and see the staff.
You guys are great!

We celebrated my boyfriend's son's 15th birthday here last Friday night.
Good Italian food in Queen Creek?
I was skeptical, but I have to say the food is excellent, and the portions are monstrous.
My boyfriend usually eats two entrees and his two sons are also very big eaters, but we ended up taking home enough leftovers for another meal.
People may complain that it's pricey, but given the flavor and portion sizes, it's totally worth it.
I ordered off the menu because I didn't want any carbohydrates and my meal was outstanding - Orange Roughy Piccata over a massive portion of perfectly cooked and seasoned veggies.
What makes this restaurant really special is the customer service!
Not only was our server top-notch (and patient with a family with four hungry boys!
), but the owner personally visits with every table and went so far as to bake the bunny creation my 6-year-old son made out of a ball of pizza dough he was given to keep him occupied.
They really go above and beyond in the customer service department.
Baci made our birthday celebration very special and we'll definitely be back!

This is my new favorite in the San Tan Valley.
I went here for my birthday last Sept. now go back anytime I'm in the mood for Italian.
The experience is enhanced by the welcoming staff.
Owner will always seat you and make you feel welcome.
Their house Pino is yummy as is their  minestrone , best I ever had..only had a not so fresh batch on my last visit.
The tiramasu is a must have after dinner with a cup of espresso.
I haven't tried the pizza but my son in law loved it.
I had the steak as well as the peppers onion and sausage.
Huge servings..and a very diverse menu with whatever Italian cuisine your in the mood for.
Love the menu.

Love this place!
I have made many many ventures here.
The owner and both of his sons are there on a regular basis.
Sometimes they will just throw something together for me.
This is how a restaurant should be.
The food is awesome and the portions are huge.
I have enjoyed many years here, and have many more to come.

Took the family...The portions were generous & the food was great.
I recommend it, if in the area.

As much as I like to support small local businesses I don't think I will be back anytime soon to Baci.
Very few vegetarian options, it was a little pricy and the service was sssslllllooooowwww.
It might be ok for drinks at the bar but not for a family dinner, which is a bummer.

The food delicious but lets start at the beginning...we arrived at 6:35 and gave our name.
At 7:25 we were still waiting the person seating, i assume it is the owner, started to skip our name, If i had not been standing there we would have been passed over.
We were seated in a room with 3 empty tables, not sure why the long wait.
The waiter came to our table with bread and said he was told there were only 2 (there were 3 of us).
It took another 20 minutes for him to take our drink order.
We then gave him our food order.
It took another 45 minutes to get our food...it goes on and on...we left the restaurant at 8:50.
The food was delicious but who has 2.5 hours for dinner???

I stopped in here for dinner tonight for the first time and was very impressed.
I see from some of the reviews people claiming bad service but this was not the case tonight, I was in and out in under an hour, and noticed the service to the tables around me just as attentive.
I started with a caesar salad which was average and then had the Pasta Baci with Linguine as the noodle, wow.
Sausage was very good and marinara sauce plentiful and delicious.
Good job, I can't wait to come back with a group.

First time at Baci.
Food was very tasty and overall a good experience.
Would definitely go back.

The people who know better order take-out on a Friday night.
If you value your time do likewise.
For as good as the food is, it's a shame the service was so sub-par.
We arrived 5-10 minutes before our 7 p.m. reservation for a party of 7 (including 1 kid) and were not seated until almost 7:45 p.m.  At our table we saw our server once for drink orders and then had to flag her down to order our entrees and then throughout our entire visit for any additional service.
Another server dropped the bread off at our table right in front of my 2 year old niece with the knife in arm's reach and she reached right for it.
When I told the server she needed to be more aware of things like her only response was "Oh" and she walked away.
Note to the manager: with a restaurant as busy as this place can get on a weekend night do your patrons a favor and staff up with extra servers - your staff are apparently too overwhelmed to pay attention to the details.
I'd give you 4 stars for the food, but 0 stars for the service.

Over the year and half BACI has gone down hill.
when he was the only business in the area he could command the price and act the way they do but since other businesses moved into the area and have a  much better product and pricing BACI need to rethink customer service and their product

Excellent food.
A great place to go if you're wanting sit back and relax with good company, great food and wine.
We will definitely go back!

Wow!!!!!
Their Vodka sauce is amazing.
Literally works with any pasta or meat combination.
Delicious and creamy unexplainable flavor.
If you like the lighter sauces the Cap-rah-co-sa (spell check) dish is a spicy garlic tomato sauce with a pomadoro consistency, my description does no justice.
You have to try either dish and you'll be hooked.
Support your local businesses.
Frank and his 2 son's put together an incredible, truly authentic italian restaurant...... Go try them out.

Everything was fresh.
The chicken parmigiana was amazing.
Bruschetta was made  with fresh mozzarella which is rare these days.
The alfredo sauce was okay but not great, a tad unseasoned and a bit watery, which is why I didn't give 5 stars.
Our waitress was attentive and helpful.

This place is so Deelish!
I used to work here and it is still awesome.
Family owned & ran.
There is not one item on the menu that would make you leave dissatisfied.
The tiramisu is homemade by the owners Aunt and shipped from Chicago.
It is absolutely, undeniably the best tiramisu ever!

An incredible family dinner experience.
The service was tremendous and this is the BEST Pizza Ever!

Saw 2 ROACHES my last visit, I will not be back!!!!!!!
Change the name to Roaci!!

Delicious authentic Italian food.
The only place we'll eat Italian.
Huge helpings, you'll be taking some home.
We've been customers for 10 years and never had a bad experience.
The owner Frank and his son Frankie are wonderful as well as the staff.
Over the years we've had almost everything on their menu.
Our favorites are Pasta Paisano, Lasagna, Chicken Portobello, Pasta ala Baci and any Gnocchi dish.
Their Vodka sauce is excellent as well as the Minestrone soup and we've never been disappointed with any of the daily specials.
If you don't see something on the menu ask, my son likes spinach sauted in garlic & olive oil (sometimes with his Gnocchi) and they always make it for him.
I've noticed some reviews talking about slow service.
This is an Ialian restaurant, sit back relax, sip your wine and eat.
It's not a place to "suck and run".
Take your family and friends and enjoy your evening.
Mangia!

Ask you will get it:)

Baci's is hands down the best, most authentic, Italian food I have had since moving to Arizona 14 years ago.
I come from an Italian family and have more than my fair share of pasta and sauce and bread and cheese under my belt, if you know what I mean.
If I'm eating Italian food that I didn't cook myself, it had better be from Baci's.
I have tried several different menu items and all have been fantastic, but each time I'm hard pressed not to order the Tortelloni Paisano.
It's loaded with their amazingly rich vodka cream sauce, prosciutto, mushrooms, and peas, and it's enough for 2 meals.
The main drawback with this dish is I can't stop eating it and leave the restaurant completely stuffed.
Their marinara sauce is sweet and just a little spicy, order it with any pasta or ask for a side to go with the fresh crusty bread.
We take a bowl of it home with us and I spend the next few days looking for things to put it on.
The salads are fresh and delicious.
I can't say I've tried much from the dessert menu because in the unlikely event that I'm still hungry I'll just eat more bread.
The owner, Frank, is always out chatting with customers and making sure we're having a good time.
Our kids love coming here because he will give them a little ball of pizza dough and once even gave them a tour of the kitchen.
Baci's is my go-to place for a birthday or special occasion dinner.
The decor is somewhere between a fine-dining establishment and a sports bar, classy enough but unassuming.
I have always had good service so I don't know what these other reviewers are talking about.
I'm sure things get busy especially on a Friday or Saturday night but all those people are there for a reason and that is fantastic food.
You will not be disappointed!

Looking at all of the great reviews for Baci, I truly expected this place to be a diamond in the rough.
My sister told me she went prior to our visit and wasn't ecstatic about the place and we should have listened.
The bread was decent, the soup tasted mediocre, but the pasta was a disgrace.
The four of us at the table each got a different dish from pasta with vodka sauce to the chicken parmesan.
None of us were happy with our dishes and didn't even come close to finishing our plates.
The server asked us if we wanted a box for the abundant amount of food we left and we said no.
Our server was super nice and attentive but unfortunately her kitchen didn't help her out with quality food.
There is nothing I want more than to help out local restaurants and give them great reviews but unfortunately I cannot honestly do that for Baci.
Drive to San Tan and head to Carrabba's.
Sorry Baci!

Update: We've been dining at Baci for the past two years, but never tried the pizza.
We ordered takeout pizzas last Sunday evening and I have to say that our entire family was IMPRESSED!
The Chicken Alfredo with Bacon - and the pepperoni, mushroom, sausage were equally outstanding.
The toppings were plentiful and fresh.
I'm going to have a hard time deciding between the Orange Roughy Piccata and the pizza the next time we dine at Baci!
Bonus: It's always nice to see the owner mingling in the dining room ensuring guests' enjoyment and comfort.

This is hands-down one of my husband's and my favorite spots for date night!
The owner is friendly and the food is fresh and soooo good!
Chicken parm is our go-to dish.
They always do their best to accommodate dietary needs, letting you swap out items with no extra charges.
We love this spot and will keep coming back!

This is my favorite restaurant.
I love the chicken limone, their minestrone soup and the starter bread!
Mmm fantastic.
The inside is beautiful and the staff are great!
Only negative I can say is the dessert menu isn't great.
But I love it anyway.

Date: 29 August 2013 To: Future diners From: Matt About: Baci Italian Bistro  My experience at Baci Italian Bistro was one to remember.
It was the first authentic Italian restaurant I've been to in the Valley.
Baci Italian Bistro is in a well developed area of Queen Creek.
When I parked and entered the establishment, the relaxing atmosphere was pleasing to me.
My senses were immediately engaged and the smells and sights were particularly stimulating within the first moments I was there.
The employees were helpful and kind and my waitress was especially friendly.
It's safe to say that the service was excellent.
The appetizers which included bread with butter was satisfying and the main course was exquisite.
Baci's vast menu gave me a variety of options to chose from with dishes that include seafood, sandwiches, pizzas, soups, and pastas.
The portions were large enough that I had left overs to enjoy the next day.
I can with the utmost certainty say that Baci Italian Bistro was a satisfying experience and I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys Italian cuisine.
In conclusion, Baci Italian Bistro is an excellent authentic italian experience.
The food is delicious with a wide variety, the service is excellent, and the overall experience was one to remember.

I had high expectations on my first visit - friends said it was 'the best.
'  I was surprised at the amateurish TGI Friday's feel to the menu and the atmosphere overall.
They don't have a wine list - they have two Cabernet's to choose from on the food menu which is pretty weak.
There was nothing particularly good or bad about the food.
I had pasta arrabiata which was okay, no surprises.
The veal limone was good but at almost $30 it's lacked the service and accompaniments we expected.
One thing that bothered me was how often the waitstaff talked across the restaurant to each other.
I didn't bring it up, but another person in my party did... very spotty service.
I wont hurry back.

I've been going to Baci's about 3 years.
Food is the best Italian food I have found in the east valley and they have by far the BEST pizza.
When friends come to visit from out of town we usually go to Baci's; everyone I take there raves about the food.

I love this place.
So cute.
The food is great.
A real gem in the area.

We ate at Baci Italian Bristro last Wednesday and had a great time.
Great food and great service.
Baci Italian Bristro is not the cheapest Italian food in the valley but for what you get, the food is not over priced.
The dishes we received were very much enjoyed by the party who ordered it, so I would say again the evening was a great success, a great time for all.
Would recommend you try it.

It was ok.
If you're from the East Coast you won't be super impressed but it's good all around Italian.
The pizza is not good.
The pasta is def al dente and most of the sauces were slighty lacking in flavor.
Think a place that has a lot of elderly who are watching their sodium intake.
Good for the most part.
The owner didn't say 2 words to us so can't really speak much about him.

I like this place a lot.
The good: The portions are big, the pasta is fresh, the bread is great, and the service is good.
Me and my wife come here a lot and we love the food.
My wife always gets a seafood /pasta dish, whichever looks good that night, and I always get Pasta Ala Baci or enother pasta dish.
They are all great.
We have had the Pizza, it was a heavy good pizza, but generally we stick to the pastas.
Great heavy dishes that taste great and beat any of the chain restaurants by a mile.
The bad: The owner is always there, he can be a nice guy but can also be grumpy.
We have seen him scold or lecture his staff many times in front of us and other customers.
There may be more to the stories, but it felt icky.
The other downwide, is there is often a wait to be seated.
They are a busy place, for good reason, but if you want to go you may have to wait.
They do clean tables quickly and seat people fast and I never feel rushed, so they seem to be doing everything they can.
We have come here for years and will be back.

We went here quite some time ago because they were on restaurant.com and we had purchased a gift card there.
We got a supreme pizza thin crust.
It was awesome!
We loved how all the ingredients were obviously fresh and not canned.
Since we don't get out much because of young children, it took us a long time to get back here.
We went by last night to pick up some pizza, and this time got the thick crust.
While not as good as the thinner crust, it was still awesome.
The staff has been super friendly both times and very knowledgeable about their menu.
We will definitely be back more often!

Slowest.
Service.
Ever.
We wasted our entire evening there after being trapped for two hours!
Food was mediocre and expensive.
The staff was friendly enough, but the slow service ruined everything for us.

Food was fine, service was terrible and slow.
We went last night (tuesday) for my nephews birthday.
They took my name and said the wait was 30 minutes but told us we could eat at the bar if we wanted.
I asked if my 17 year old nephew was allowed to eat there and she said yes, so I said OK, we'll eat back there.
We found a table at the bar and it took a couple minutes to even have anyone take our drink order.
She brought those and then didn't come back for a good 10 minutes, we didn't even have menus.
We had to ask another server for menus.
Someone, I'm assuming the manager or owner asked us to move our table ... Not to another table but he wanted to move our table to make room.
Not that big of a deal, but just bad form overall.
When the server that was supposed to be taking care of us saw we had menus she came and said, are you guys eating here?
At this point it had been at least 20 minutes since we sat down.
I said yes, that's what I told the lady up front.
She said oh, well she didn't have that marked down.
I understand that maybe she just thought we were sitting there until we got our table, but she didn't ask and kept blaming the hostess.
She finally came back to take our order, started to tell us the specials and couldn't even pronounce them or tell us exactly what was in them.
The majority of our drink refills were done by a different server.
While waiting for our food we watched the bartender make a drink that was completely incorrect and when he couldn't get the olive out of the container with a toothpick he just used his fingers.
I ordered a thin crust pizza with spinach and pepperoni, it had great taste but it was hardly thin crust.
My nephew ordered a shrimp pasta, I think it was vodka sauce with penne, and said it was good.
He said the tortellini soup was really good.
When we were finished our server asked us if we wanted dessert.
We said no.
Them she asked about 2 more times.
Overall we were at the restaurant for just over 2 hours.
It only took us about half hour to actually eat our food.

This is a very popular dining establishment!
Family owned takes you back to Old Chicago.
Always a waiting time.
Food is definitely just like the good ole Italian style.
Bread is good,  service it's good!
So what's a matter with you get your b.
.t in gear & come on by for some good eats!
This started out as a great review, HOWEVER we were told a 1 hr wait turned into 1hour & 50 min.
Not happy with that :(

Baci Italian bistro is the jewel of Queen Creek!
Worth the drive!
You must try the Creamy chicken marcella.
The pizza is very good.
Make sure you call ahead, because there is always a wait.

Absolutely amazing!
An incredible Italian bistro bordering our little Town of Queen Creek.
Love the food!
Love the ambiance!
Love the owner who makes you feel like family:-) And as far as waiting for the home cooked fresh delicacies, all I can say is you get what you wait for, just like any other fine restaurant:-) Love it!!!

I don't really understand the hype around this place it's expensive it's dirty there are roaches in there... the food is not that great I really just don't understand why these people are so in love with it I know Italian food and this Italian food is not that great

Just about on par with Olive Garden.
Mozzarella in capreese was hard, minestrone had no flavor and dinner took forever to arrive.
We were with a large party w 2 tables.
The other table was done eating and we didn't even have our food.
When it came out it was cold.
Sauce started to congeal.
Linguini had turned to mush.
Ambiance was nice.
Waiter was nice.
Others loved the food.
I guess it's what you are used to and I am used to eating Italian in europe...

I've been here twice and the first time was a 4/5, it was wonderful.
But the second time was embarrassing.
I came here for my birthday and invited my family here for dinner.
Half of our entree's were cold and my fathers entree had THREE bugs in it.
The owner really didn't act surprised, and took my fathers entree away and my dad asked for it to be taken off the bill(needless to say, he was disgusted to have anything else from this place.
)  The ambiance of this place is what really lets it get past 1 star.

Food was really good, even though my order was wrong, I still ate it all.
The server was really nice and I would have gave them 5 stars had the owner not been there.
We waited 30 minutes for a table, which would have been fine if the owner wasn't seating his friends ahead of other people.
Our table was near the kitchen and the owner kept patrolling the area, scolding servers and kitchen workers very loudly.
When my order came with the wrong pasta, I said it was fine and no big deal.
The owner scolded the server right at the table and lectured me about how the pasta I wanted was the wrong choice and the one they made was better anyways.
Really good food, just sucks having to try so hard not to let the owner ruin an otherwise nice evening.

Great pasta, friendly staff, decent atmosphere...but REALLY slow service.
Don't go if you're in a hurry.
And if you go on a Friday or Saturday evening, call ahead because they get quite busy.

Arrived as two couples on a Friday night.
The restaurant came recommended by one of the couples.
We were seated promptly and our drink orders taken.
The server was friendly, polite and knowledgeable about the food choices.
After taking our order a plate of bread was placed on the table.
The bread was good but not the best I've been served.
We were given butter - no oil spice plate was offered.
The food arrived in short order and everyone was happy with the taste.
The portion size was on the large size and could be split and still have a decent meal.
AND THEN twice during our meal we were interrupted by staff singing Happy Birthday.
I don't know about you but this is so annoying.
I purposely avoid places that practice singing Happy Birthday.
It would be so easy to just give the Birthday person a piece of cake with a candle and just say Happy Birthday.
There is NO NEED to sing it loudly annoying everyone else in the restaurant.
The food and service were very good but because of the singing it reduced my rating of this restaurant.

Pleasantly surprised.
Have been avoiding going to this place because I have heard some bad reviews from friends.
Overall I was satisfied with my experience.
I did end up getting dirty silverware, but the waitress was quick to correct the situation.
Portions are huge.
Would recommend splitting entrees unless you are a big eater.
Will come back again.

We went to Baci to celebrate with family.
They were extremely accommodating.
The food was good.
Minor issues: I do think that the server should be less concerned with us keeping our silverware after the salad course.
Just go get some clean forks and hand them out.
Also the Fox news playing on every TV is just disconcerting when you are trying to enjoy a night out.
Propaganda and pasta just don't mix.
Otherwise, fantastic.
I would recommend to everyone!

This restaurant is one of our favorites.
The owner (Frank) and his servers are attentive and the food is outstanding.
The portions are super large and always fabulous the next day.
I would highly recommend this restaurant and would consider them the best Italian in the Phoenix area.
My favorite meal is their Chicken Parmesan and anything with Vodka sauce!

My husband and I still reserve this as our special date night and dinner place.
It always astounds me to have people write reviews and then say they would rather patronize Olive Garden or Carrabas.
Just goes to show that most people have no idea what real food, especially Italian, actually tastes like.
By all means, then, stick to the basics you know...if you crave bland food, Kraft cheese, and have no idea what al dente means, you will never be happy here.
Baci is still the best in the east valley.

AWESOME!
Take it from an Italian who knows great Italian food, this is a great place to mangiare.
Don't eat for a few days before going because your going to really be eating some big portions here.
The owner (Frank) is a fun guy and very friendly.
The staff is professional and spot on.
I don't give 5 stars easily but Baci makes it easy for this review.
You have to give this place a chance.
You will find yourself hooked.

