The short: Fine for a neighborhood drop-in, offering moderately priced pizza, pasta, subs, and a few Sicilian sandwiches (calzones), as well as some Greek options like gyros and baklava, but food isn't terribly exciting--and neither are the décor or staff.
The long: Located on the northwest corner of 52nd St. and Thomas, this little hole in the wall has been serving pizza, Italian, and Greek food since 1973.
The restaurant interior is straightforward and frugal--you walk in and up to the counter that fronts the kitchen, peer into the cold case to the right holding Greek treats like baklava, or head to the little dining room to the left, filled with a handful of nondescript tables and chairs.
DiVito's is open Monday through Friday, from 10:30 a.m. to 10:00 p.m., and closed Sunday.
The offer weekday daily lunch specials for under $5.
Pasta dishes for $8, including side salad and garlic bread.
Pizza starting at $7.50 for a 12" cheese.
House salad was crisp.
The wings hit the spot, without covering it.
They were flabby skinned--cooked through, but not fried to give it a crust.
I wasn't expecting it to be battered or anything, but I like a quick fry to hold the skin to the meat.
The wing sauce was good enough--a bit of heat, a bit of tang, and down it went.
We ordered Mama's Special: Pepperoni, sausage, green pepper, olives, mushrooms & onions.
No love for the pizza crust.
It was baked just right, with some nice spotty oven char on the bottom, and the crust looked like it would be great, laced with big air bubbles, but there was no chew.
I wasn't expecting a big bubble gum bite, but I like a bit of chew, and with that chew, some of the flavor that tells me the dough was allowed to rest for awhile to develop.
This dough yielded instantly with a bite, then quickly disintegrated in my mouth as if it were Wonder Bread.
In a backwards way, it was left to be carried by the toppings, but alas, those were subpar--the lightly spread sauce (just right in quantity, bland in quality), mozzarella, sausage, black olives, mushrooms--it was all off the supermarket shelves.
The Sicilian meatball sandwich had the same crust, and it was more obvious here, in plain sight, but still a wallflower.
Again, more rise time, and a sprinkle of salt in the dough, and maybe we could've been friends.
I liked the innards, even though it wasn't the big globes of meatballs sweating into marinara that I was expecting.
The meatball meat--just nicely seasoned lean ground beef--was scooped in, filling every inch of the sandwich's cavern (no annoying air bubble cubby holes of emptiness), and sprinkled with mozzarella.
Again, not great, but adequate, and everything I wish a Hot Pocket could be, if not the calzone I'd expected.
The lasagna I especially wanted to love, especially with its menu tag: "the best you've ever tasted.
" Here, I loved the composition--not too much noodle, not too much cheese, not too much sauce inside, though the thing was really swimming in sauce when I received it.
I easily sopped that up with the very tasty and perfectly crisp garlic bread, though.
I liked whatever herbs they seasoned their ricotta with, and that they seasoned the ricotta at all, since it's too often neglected in lasagna dishes.
I just felt like the sauce was missing something, and it fell just flat.
Maybe a few glugs of wine or some minced garlic would've given it the light bite I was looking for.
The desserts were also fine.
The cannoli in its fried shell wasn't traditional, filled with a slightly starchy vanilla pastry cream instead of sweetened ricotta, but it was crispy and creamy and sweet.
The tiramisu was tasty, but I couldn't taste any Marsala in the zabaglione, so I declared it decidedly kid-friendly.
One of the best things about DiVito's food is that it kinda tasted better the next day, reheated.
*shrugs* Maybe it's one of those things that needs a night to allow the flavors to meld?
With decent prices and decent food, especially when a craving hits, I won't mind going back to further test this theory.
I wish I could give them 2.25 stars: "Meh, it's ok."

Everything is authentic and fresh, no out of the can crap here.
If you have been to the Olympic Flame restaurant down the street on Thomas, this is the same owner of the joint.
Salads are always fresh, no premixed junk here and the baklava is melt in your mouth.
The tiramisu is the treat of the whole evening.
Just shut up and get the hell over there for some awesome food, were not writing a book here.
They bring the food right to your table and they honestly do care a lot for their customers.
Amin usually knows all of the customers by name.

I have to completely disagree with the original poster about DiVito's.
Yes, the shop is tiny and the restaurant is old fashioned, but they make up for it with a killer pie.
Maybe it is a little bit of childhood nostalgia as this was our pizza shop of choice growing up, but I love this pizza.
The pie is large, and all of the ingredients are quality.
I have been eating a half sausage mushroom, half Canadian bacon and pineapple.
The crust is more of a traditional new york style, but the pizza is not super thin with a big crust either.
It's a great pie and worth every dollar.
I have had other meals from DiVito's and while they are good, I still wouldn't order anything other than the pizza.
The stuffed shells and manacotti are very good.

I love DiVito's!
Speedy delivery, consist ant, delicious Italian!
The baked ziti is my favorite and it comes with a nice salad that is not just iceberg lettuce and tomatoes.
Amin is a great proprietor that always addresses me by name.
I have carry out almost once a week from them.
This is my neighborhood comfort food!

I have been coming here since High School and I graduated in the early 90's.
Amin, the owner is great and remembers his customers by name.
Di Vito's is so consistent even on Monday night when Amin is not making the pies himself.
Great quick friendly delivery and they have such a great Pizza.
All the deserts are homemade and they have one of the best Greek salads around and very inexpensive.
For a neighborhood pizza that has great delivery I have to give 5 stars.

Awesome sauce.
30 minute delivery.
Favorite pizza and lasagna.

You can now order online!!
minimum order is $32.00  Try the tiramisu or baklava!
I sing their praises so much because they are great and we need to support local, small businesses!
Okay I will stop shouting at you now!

Every time we come by, "Amin how is business?
"   "Good, the people never stop eating.
" Admittedly the place is a little divey but they keep it clean, and every time I come here I am reminded of why small business rock; they remember you and become like family.
I used to live in back behind the restaurant so I used to eat here several times a week and coming in today reminded me that I wished I still lived in that tiny apartment as a college student behind a pizza shop.
The sauce is awesome.

One of my all time favorites I used to frequent two times a week but since I have cut down on dining out for lunch has slowed.
This was the first place I ate at  that made a salad good enough to order over anything else.
The service is fast and is more of a pickup than dine in but I have done both and it is ok.
Here is a list of food I have tried and what I rate them at:  italian sub w/ feta added 5/5--favorite of mine meatball/sausage calzone w/ feta added 5/5 greek salad 5/5 antipasto salad 4/5 wings 5/5 gyros 2/5(im not a fan of gyros though) pizza 3/5( im not a fan of pizza much either but what they do have is good) manicotti 2/5 (too saucy for me)

I love this place.
I have been coming here since I was a kid.
The pizza is fantastic.
Their calzones are amazing as well.
If you are in the area, you need to stop by and try their food.
The staff is really friendly as well.

not impressed.
Ive eaten a lot of pizza in my time and DiVitos ranks a level or two above frozen.
The sauce was bland, the crust was limp and tasteless and the toppings were less than fresh.

Requested thin crust, delivery, so good!!
Not healthy, but absolutely great flavor.
Delivered on time.
Good price and local.
We got the Supreme type pizza for the guys: sausage, pepperoni, green peppers, onions etc... Then the pepperoni cheese for the girls.
All were amazing.

One of the best sandwiches around Phoenix, but they changed the bread and I'm not a fan.
Still a good sandwich, I'm hoping they switch back.
Tiny place, run down, but popular.
The staff has worked there forever and they have good prices.

The prototypical neighborhood pizza joint that wins your patronage more on convenience and the fact that you know the owners.

So I came here for lunch based on the reviews and the proximity to my work.
There is not a lot of good fast food in the area so I was excited to try it.
The reviews on the location are correct, it's in a small hoody strip, but that's usually where the best food is found right?
I got there around 1130a and was the only person in the joint.
I wasnt sure they were actually open because they had no food out in the cases, but I did eventually find a few small pies sitting out.
I ordered a couple of slices and waited.
When the food finally came, it was really disappointing.
I swear it was frozen pizza or something.
The crust was rubbery and awful.
The sauce had little flavor.
I forced my way through the first slice because I knew I wouldn't have time to grab anything else to eat on my short lunch break...
But I couldn't bare to even begin the second.
I threw the rest away and went back to work.
One person did come in to pick up a pizza to go while I was there, so perhaps the freshly made pies are much better...
But I won't be going back to give it a second chance.

We ordered delivery on a night we didn't want to go out based on the reviews.
This was not good!
It came hot but the crust tasted like it was previously frozen.
The wings tasted like someone threw hot sauce on a rotisserie chicken.
This won't be somewhere we order from again.
Yuck!

Kind of a dive, but the food is good and reasonably priced.
I especially like their subs.

So so food.
Atmosphere was good.
No Canadian credit cards .
I thought the prices were ok.

A friend ordered us delivery from Divito's shortly after we had our baby.
First, I was shocked at how inexpensive dinner for two with salads & bread, delivered was ($18) and when we sat down to eat, it was delicious!!
I couldn't believe living in the Arcadia area for years I had not heard about this little place, that delivers too.
My only dislike is the last two times I've wanted to order, they're closed.
Sunday is understandable, but a Saturday evening at 7:30?
Maybe b/c it's a holiday weekend.

Super close to home and super yummy!
I love the fact that you can order and pay online!
That's a great feature they have!!!
They're friendly.
The food is filling.
They have vegetarian options!
(; they're not expensive.
Within walking distance.
I mean really, what more can I possibly ask for!!!???
So yah this place is getting 5 stars for sure!
I don't have any complaints!

I used to live behind here for all of middle school and high school and this is the place to eat!
Whether it's by the Alice of a whole pie, it's the best by far.
My mom loves their Greek salad and hot subs.
My boyfriend loves their wings and baked ziti.
Amin is always friendly and remembers return customers by name!
Once we came right as they were closing and he came out and said he'd make our pizza anyways, which was a happy surprise and be greatly appreciate the great service.
Their pizza has a nice crisp crust, the right amount of sauce and cheese.
You can taste its homemade and it's done right!
Even the leftovers the next day are almost even better.
Even cold!
I've since moved further into Scottsdale but still find myself here for pizza.
It's like home!

Disappointed!
From the Yelp rating and the looks of the place I thought it was a diamond in the rough.
This could be my neighborhood go-to pizza joint, I thought!
There were some questionable comments in the reviews but I thought maybe if I get the carryout, it is better than the slices served there?
The pizza was underwhelming.
Although the toppings were good, sauce and crust was ok, it was very much like a homemade copycat version of Tombstone pizza.
However, at 2.50 vs 18 per pie, might as well stock up on the frozen version.
The chicken wings were pretty soggy and had lots of thick skin on it.
If you like that kind of thing, go for it.
Me, I would rather not.
I wish I could have liked it a little better, they seemed very nice and I like local businesses.

The pizza is like a better little Caesars.
Nothing special.
I just went here because Mama Mia's was closed due to plumbing issues.

