The worse times to look for a place is always when you are out of town for a family event at the last minute.
In this case, it was my father's passing that has me looking for a place in Las Vegas to stay during the funeral service.
My first option since I had a dog was always Residence Inn and this has served me well the past two times I visited family in Las Vegas.
It provides a place for me to refresh with my partner without having to be in the same house with my family.
But the last experience soured me on the place.
Then I checked out Staybridge on the last visit to see what type of place it was after discovering they allowed dogs for a pet cleaning fee less than Residence Inn (75 vs 100) non refundable.
25 bucks is still a big difference when you are trying to save your money.
Of course, what a surprise on the visit that made my decision for me.
Staybridge is relatively new but spacious and definitely a much better place than Residence Inn.
Breakfast area is bigger, food choice more abundant including waffles, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuit and gravy.
There were juices galore as well as soft drinks.
I truly believed I hit the jackpot in this place.
First and foremost the cost was probably lower since its not peak season but what a price differnce from the RI which was charging me 127 vs 114 in Staybridge.
The small studio suite held newer appliances including the stainless steel dishwasher, refrigerator, flat panel tv.
newer bathroom.
I can recommend this for anyone interested in a hotel close to the strip without being in the strip.
You can bring home food and reheat it later (incl microwave oven).
And yes the personnel were also friendly at every turn from the front desk, housekeeping and breakfast area.
Food replenished during the breakfast period.
Also a nice setting for breakfast.
The hotel might not be cheap for those looking for a really cheap hotel but for those travelling for family reasons like I did for Vegas, this is highly recommended to check out and see.
It also has a nice outdoor pool (for the hot summers).
If you travel without a car, there is a shuttle to the strip at least upto MGM which would be useful for those who don't want to deal with traffic in the strip.

This is a rare occurrence for me the germ-o-phobe.
My friends will agree.
For those of you who doubt the 5 stars don't!
(yah I know I had my doubts when I saw only 1 review by Melanio F. AND it was a 5).
I swear, I will try to stay at every Staybridge Suites I come across in my travels!
The suite was enormous, it was clean, the kitchen was brand new with a freezer/fridge, range oven, washer/dryer, dishwasher, etc etc!
I didn't even feel the urge to go out and buy some lysol to disinfect every surface (yes yes like I usually do...well ok I felt a tiny little urge to do it but I can proudly say I did not do it).
They have a choice between real down pillows or imitation, down comforter which was sandwiched between two sheets just the way I like it (can you imagine how many people have used and touched that comforter at those 'other hotels' before the hotel decided to wash it?...
whereas a comforter sandwiched between sheets means, surely they wash the sheets after every guest right?
), and finally another comforter on top of the down comforter which one can peel away.
It was quiet (to be expected as it is not on the strip and not connected to a casino), did not smell like cigarettes, and their service people were non intrusive.
The kitchen made me feel like buying groceries to cook, the washer/dryer made me feel like washing clothes!
:P  If you don't mind walking to the strip (Mandalay Bay is right across the bridge), this is the place for you.
oh...and I got a discount...it was only $70 ...omg what a deal.
I even liked this better than the Bellagio suite we stayed in a couple years ago.

My husband and I travel 300 days per year, so we stay in hotels all the time.
We stayed at this hotel for 3 months.
When we originally came to Vegas we booked our extended stay at the Hilton Homewood suites.
After being very unhappy with the size of the rooms and the rude staff we began to look else where for our 3 1/2 month stay.
I came across the Staybridge suites and they were more than accommodating of our move.
The sales manager upgraded us to a 850sqft suite with our own privet balcony, large sofa sectional, dinning room table and chairs, a full kitchen including an oven, full size refrigerator, dishwasher, and a washer and dryer.
All of the staff but one front desk worker were more than friendly and accommodating.
The pool area is great with lots of lounge chairs and couches and privet areas to lay out.
They also have a pretty impressive gym for a hotel gym.
They also have free breakfast and dinner (dinner tues-thrus).
The only thing this place is lacking that the homewood suites had is the shuttle service, their shuttle service stops at 10pm... who goes in at 10pm in Vegas?

$200+ a night for Excalibur and Imperial Palace in Las Vegas?!
Yup, it's a holiday weekend and I need a room.
I booked this place a few weeks before Labor Day since we were driving and didn't mind staying off the Strip (bit cheaper).
Ended up getting a room here for one night during Labor Day weekend for $109 including taxes.
Pros: - New suite property with modern furniture, decor, and styling.
- All suites have a bedroom, kitchen, dining area, and a living room with fold out sleeper.
This room can sleep 4 very comfortably with room to spread out.
- Big bathroom with nice flooring and modern fixtures.
- Cheap and very close to strip, there's a shuttle to the MGM Grand every hour although we didn't use it.
- Very friendly and efficient staff.
Once we got the room, the smoke detector was low on battery and beeping.
One call to the front desk and the very nice and professional maintenance guys were at my door in 5 minutes and in and out to fix the problem.
- NON-SMOKING!!!
Cons: - If you drive around, may be difficult to navigate the streets, some are on different levels and don't intersect with main streets you need to get onto the strip.
Bring a portable nav system!
Lowdown: If you don't mind staying off the strip and want a more low key sleeping experience, this is the place to be!
I can see how it's awesome for families or if you go with a small group of non party hard people.
Otherwise, you might want to be on the strip for easy access to nightlife.
If I stay off the strip again, this is the place I'll be!

This is my new Company Preferred hotel in Las Vegas and I'm glad they selected it!
For business travel, this is as good as it gets.
The only thing that I miss that I would find in a full service hotel is a restaurant and bar.
This almost brand new hotel (opened end of 2008) is very conveniently located, close to Mandalay Bay (actually, walking distance, across the freeway, if you don't mind walking a couple of quick miles).
As previous reviewers have pointed out, the road system around this maze can be a bit confusing since roads that logically must intersect, don't!
But once you have your bearings, getting in and out of here is a breeze!
Hotel parking can be an issue - there are about three other hotels in the immediate vicinity and I'm sure the parking spills over between the hotels.
I did not have a problem during any of my stays but I can see that it could be an issue on days when the hotels are all full.
~ 4 stars for accessibility and parking  The lobby is wide open, with high open ceilings.
The breakfast room is situated to your right as you enter the hotel and the check-in desk straight ahead.
Check-in staff was extremely courteous when we checked in, recognizing me by name, status and company.
Nice personal touch.
Easy check-in process.
Elevators are situated all the way down a hallway towards the rear of the hotel so it is a bit of a walk.
Also, this hotel has only 5 floors so they have a hydraulic elevator so it's really slow (but brand new)  ~ 5 stars for general ambiance and service   My room was fabulous - a large living room area with a full kitchen that was as big as the one back home.
Fully equipped with a full size stainless steel refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave and cooking range/oven.
It is also fully stocked with plates, dishes, cutlery, knives and cooking/serving utensils - everything you'd need to cook a full meal except the ingredients themselves.
A welcoming bag of popcorn and cookies and M&M's completed the picture.
A small closet door inside the kitchen holds a full size washer and dryer - impressive indeed!!
Living room is huge - with a table that can seat 6 to 8 people comfortably.
Living room has a large sectional sofa that also pulls out into a bed, a large 37" LCD TV and a door leading to a balcony that had a table with seating for 4 people.
Wow!
The bedroom is cozy, with a queen sized bed, its own 37" LCD TV with its own remote and plenty of closet space.
Yu can also access the balcony from the bedroom.
The bathroom is huge, with a separate bath tub area with double sinks and a separate shower stall/toilet area with yet another sink.
Yes, THREE sinks in total.
Wow!
again =)  And I have always enjoyed the convenience of a separate shower stall, though this one is pretty tight, considering the size of the bathroom - that would be my only gripe.
~ 5 stars for the room - granted, the hotel is new, but still very very impressive for a budget hotel like this.
Finally, free Wi-Fi and free breakfast.
Breakfast was adequate - nothing to write home about but it was fresh, hot and free.
So, no complaints.
All for a $89 rate - can't beat this!!!
~ 5 stars overall for a great comfortable stay with easy access to everything.
If you're a business traveler staying more than a few days, you should consider this hotel - it will make your stay a lot nicer!
# 155

This place is wonderful.
It's clean, well-maintained.
The room we stayed was absolutely beautiful.
It was a 1-bedroom with kitchen, huge bathtub, granite kitchen & bathroom floors, balcony and best of all, NO SMELL.
The balcony was a real treat.
Our view was the strip.
The swimming pool area was beautiful; big pool with 2 jacuzzis and cabanas.
The complimentary breakfast was really good.
They have a free shuttle that takes you and picks you up from the strip.
The staff were wonderful.
The parking is free and convenient.
I would have scored them 5 stars; however I didn't do it because of their internet connection was extremely slow.
Hopefully they will fix their internet issue.

I travel at least 75% of the year, and this is by far my favorite place.
Full size kitchen, washer/dryer, comfy beds and large bathrooms.
I wish my apartment looked like this!

This place is very very nice.
I traveled with my wife and 4 kids.
Quiet hotel, the free breakfast is very good.
pool was clean and not over crowded.
there is a wadding area which is about 1-11/2 feet deep for younger kids.
Actually for the most time it was empty and only my family swimming.
Also there is a BBQ grill next to the pool which was very nice and clean.
All the supplies was provided.
We were able to catch a very early flight to Vegas and  I called the hotel to see if I was able to check in early.
The lady on the phone I think her name was Maria was very polite and professional.
She let us check in early and also upgraded our room for free.
The room was very clean.
I had a strip view room and it was very nice.
The bed was very comfy, Bathrooms were clean, kitchen has granite counter tops, the room comes with a washer and drier at no additional charge.
No smell in the room.
This is a very nice hotel for families to stay at if you don't mind staying off the strip.
I will for sure com back to this hotel again.

We stayed for a single night (3/223/13) and were sorry that our visit wasn't longer!
A terrific property with all of the amenities of a much more expensive hotel with the conveniences of home.
Spacious one-bedroom suite, with a full-size refrigerator, stove, microwave, dishwasher, and stacked washer and dryer.
The property has a fitness center, and offers hourly shuttle service to the MGM Grand -- all of this for about half what the properties on the strip charge.
To be honest, Las Vegas is not exactly my favorite place to visit, but whenever I do go back THIS is the hotel where I will be staying.

I've only ever stayed at the Casino hotels when traveling to Vegas (work meetings onsite) but this trip, while still for business, was a little different.
I wasn't sure what to expect but I was extremely impressed with the staff, accommodations and location of this hotel.
(bonus points for a truly comfy bed)  Easy check in, friendly staff, spotless room and close to everything I had to get to.
I would freely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in Vegas for business or pleasure.

I spent part of my youth in Las Vegas and used to make weekend trips when I went to college in Arizona so having to stay on the strip is an experience I can give or take when there.
Most of the time my stays in the area happen to be work related so I tend to find quiet off strip hotels where I can get some work accomplished when needed but still be close enough to go to the strip if I need to.
The Staybridge Suites Extended Stay hotel offers the best of both worlds.
I happen to discover this gem when I was attending training at the Marriott next door.
Given I'm not a fan of Marriott due to several bad experiences I decided to look at this as an option going solely from reviews I have found on Trip Advisor.
I'm so glad I did.
In fact when I attended training and others within the class found out where I was staying I found out they were envious of all the ammenities offered at the Staybridge.
The night I arrived in Vegas my flight was already late in arriving and there was a major conference going in town so I was quite late arriving to the hotel.
Even at the earliest hours I was met with a bright and bubbly personality at the front desk who must have sensed my exasperation and stress levels.
My room was a suite that overlooked the freeway but I never noticed any excess noise.
I think that particular night I was asleep before my head even hit the pillow so I never got to check things out in detail until the following morning.
I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and luxury touches of the room.
However I do admit my biggest joy was at the thrill of seeing the deep garden soaking tub that adjoined the room.
Luxury!
Even with a full kitchen the Staybridge Suites offer the smallest details that few find in similar hotels.
Your stay includes access to a free breakfast every morning and light dinner / snacks offered Tuesday-Thursdays.
The breakfasts offered a choice selection of foods and the dinner/snack in the evenings rotated themes.
One night it was Mexican in which tacos, a nachos bar and salad was offered and the following night it was Italian fare.
Definitely something for everyone.
The Staybridge Suites is located next door to a Marriott and across the street is a Holiday Inn Express yet even with all the traffic in the area and the congested parking it still was fairly easy to find a parking space.
Vegas is never one of my favorite places to experience because of what it has turned into over the years but if I happen to be in the area this hotel will definitely remain my property of choice.

I've traveled extensively this past two years for a special project at work and this by far has been the best hotel I've stayed in.
The work out room is exceptional with two treadmills, two elliptical trainers,  two bikes, a huge dumbbell selection, several benches, and a full assortment of workout machines.
My room (418) was basically a huge apartment.
Full kitchen, dinning area, and living room with separate master suite.
Huge tub, separate shower, three sinks, etc.
There is even a washer and dryer in the room.
They offer free shuttle service (at the top of every hour) that drops off at MGM on the strip.
You have to schedule your return trips with the front desk ahead of time.
They offer free dinner Tues, Wed, and Thur nights and free breakfast every morning.
And not just the crappy HIE breakfast, they offer a full assortment of dishes, fruits, etc.
I highly recommend this hotel!

Super friendly staff.
Great place off the strip with views of it.
Great if traveling with kids.
The rooms are large and well designed.
Nice pool area.
Great free hot breakfast.

AMAZING...I love this place and I will stay here in Vegas as much as I can.
Way better then on the strip

I will admit coming to Vegas as a first timer with 2 little kids was very overwhelming.
My husband was in town on business and we decided to tag along.
We stayed at the Staybridge Suites for almost a full week.
Hands down I knew by day one that I would be giving them a 5 star rating.
We toured  other hotels (and visited pools) all through Vegas for fun, and it was just proof that we picked the right place.
The customer service is amazing, Nicole at the front desk (evening hours during the week) is probably one of the nicest, friendliest, most helpful people I have ever met.
The room was very clean, room service was fantastic, anything that we needed was done without question.
The pool was great never crowded (never more than 2-3 other people down there when we were and often no one.).
Very large plus a kiddy pool and 2 large Jacuzzis.
They were helpful with any questions and just the staff seemed to genuinely care.
Oh did I mention that they served complimentary breakfast and dinner?
I excepted like muffins and coffee for breakfast and frozen burritos for dinner.
NOPE!
I am a vegetarian, my husband is a meat eating gravy lover, and one of our kids has very bad food allergies.
Covered us all!
It was full buffet style breakfasts and dinners!
If we ever come back to Vegas we will stay here without a doubt!

Location, location, location!
Just off the strip, incredibly friendly staff, upscale decor, clean and spacious rooms.
Each room is a suite with kitchenette, microwave, dishes, refrigerator and sink.
Great way to enjoy a relaxing stay without the adrenaline of the strip and high cost of the hotel casinos.

Excellent , friendly, helpful staff, great rooms.
Free shuttle to the airport and to the Strip.
Great breakfast, free Wi-Fi.

I was very impressed by this hotel.
Normally when I go to Vegas I stay in a hotel/casino so to be right off the strip was a little different, but very nice!
It is close enough that you could walk to Mandalay Bay (probably 1.5 or 2 miles) or just hop on their free shuttle that drops you at NYNY.
The room was spacious, the kitchen was perfect, the bed was comfortable, the hotel was quiet and peaceful... Had a washer and dryer in my room, which was great.
They told me that the hotel was only about 5 years old too which explains why everything looked so nice and new, not dated like some of the older places.
But the best thing was that I was able to bring my dog with me.
We went on a nice four mile walk the first day, nice views of the hotels on the strip just on the other side of the freeway.
Management helped me solve a problem I ran into, they were very accommodating.
No complaints, perfection!
Highly recommended.
Oh yeah, free breakfast in the morning :)

Great place to stay!
Clean, comfortable, excellent staff (bravo Traci - so pleasant and helpful!
), efficient, great breakfast and amenities.
Only one complaint - no complimentary toiletries for stranded travelers...only really high priced stuff in lobby "pantry".
Otherwise, great - I would definitely stay again.
Good view of strip at night but not noisy, crowded like strip area.

Excellent extended stay hotel room with everything you need.
Right off the strip so its nice and quiet but super easy to get to the strip.
Complimentary breakfast was excellent with so much to choose from.
The room was pretty spacious and every room has a balcony.
We were lucky enough to get one overlooking the vegas skyline.

Staybridge was very nice.
It is just barely off the strip so nice and quiet but still close enough to walk although they have a shuttle to/from the NYNY.
I was extremely impressed with our room and all the staff we encountered throughout the entire hotel during our 5 day stay were kind, courteous and professional.
During the weekdays we enjoyed a very tasty dinner in the dining area, it was very kid friendly though we did not have children with us we saw quite a few around.
They have breakfast every morning in the dining area which included about anything you could possibly want.
They also had togo bags for breakfast which was awesome when we had places to go and could not take the time for the full breakfast.
Our rate was excellent.
I'm sure you can find cheaper hotels, but not sure that you will find better ones.
Did I mention that they have free parking and free wifi?
By the time you add in the free meals, parking and wifi you will realize that this place is a great deal!

Have to rave about the great customer service Jonathan (manager) gave us.
We've stayed here before, love the size of the room, the breakfasts and the fact that it is located off the strip, but close enough to go to it.
This time, when we came the pool was ice cold and the jacuzzi was luke warm.
My husband contacted the front desk and Jonathan came out immediately.
The heater in the pool was broken.
Jonathan took responsibility & arranged it so that we could use the neighboring hotel's pool and jacuzzi until there's was fixed the next day.
Jonathan kept checking in with us the rest of our trip and we felt well taken care of.
What impressed me was that Jonathan immediately took responsibility (rare these days of "making excuses"), corrected the situation asap and continued to check in with with us.
Will definitely go back again.

If you want to stay away from the hustle and bustle of Vegas this is the place to be.
Pretty quiet and the rooms are all suites with a huge living room, new stainless steal appliances, dining table, big sectional couch, and seperate bedroom with a super comfy king size bed.
Each room has a flat screen tv and a balcony, if available request a room with the view of the strip.
Room 427 has a nice view!
The exercise room is one Of the best gyms I've seen at a hotel.
It has all the machines you need with a full rack of weights.
There is even a three balcony's that you can relax at after your workout and view the strip.
It's opened 24/7 and that's awesome!
Other reviews mentioned the Strip is a just walks away, false!
It's pretty far and on the other side of the freeway, which means you would have to walk over the overpass.
There is a FREe shuttle that runs on the hour and drops you off at NYNY.
You just gotta call the front desk and they will arrange.
It's about a 5 mins drive that's it.
Staff is super friendly and helpful.
The rooms very clean, speedy and free Wifi, and impressive FREE breakfast buffet with all the fixings!
(Waffles,eggs, sausage, bacon,bagels,toast,oatmeal,coffe,juice) The only negative was the shower.
The shower head was way high and for us short people I had to tip toe to get my full body wet and feel the pressure of the water.
Also, looks like someone broke the shelf in the shower to place soap and they never fixed it, had to  place everything on the shower floor which was gross!
I guess we could've complained but my friends company was paying for the room so we didn't bother.
Overall a good stay and I would recommend to families.

This is the second time we have stayed here.
The huge size of the suite as well as the huge pool and spas are great.
No complaints at all except that since the pool Is open until midnight there were 2 nights of people who came back to the hotel drunk and were standing around the spa shouting and yelling and throwing a football around until about 12:30am.
The laundry machines are a bit slow but they are free so how can you complain?
Breakfast was ok but very very salty on the eggs and sausages.
Other than that it was all wonderful.

I wish I could give this hotel more stars!
I've stayed at just about every hotel in Las Vegas, and this is my new "go to".
I won't stay any where else now!
The rooms are spacious, immaculate, appointed with just about everything you could possibly need.
We stayed in the King Deluxe Suite and had a washer/dryer, dishwasher, stove, microwave, and just about every kitchen gadget you could think of.
The price was more than reasonable, and with no resort fee, no charge for wifi, free breakfast everyday and free dinner several nights, it ended up being a complete bargain.
The hotel is smoke free, so no haze to walk through, no smelling like an ashtray at the end of your vacation!
The rooms have balconies so you can enjoy a nice evening sitting outside.
The pool area was clean and comfortable with cabanas available, (no charge), a grilling area and hot tub.
Perfect!
Everyone who worked there from the front desk, to the buffet staff to the cleaning people were friendly and helpful.
I was meeting up with a group of people during my vacation and we've always spend the evening crammed into someone's hotel room, barely any room to walk around but this time everyone raved about how spacious and accommodating the room was!
Plenty of room to sit and talk, plenty of table space and counter space to lay out food and drinks.
It was great!
I never used the shuttle service because we rented a car, but those I talked to said the shuttle was very helpful.
I really can't recommend this hotel enough for your vacation!

This hotel was amazing!
Clean, nice employees, and they serve breakfast!
We stayed at the Delux suite and it was perfect!
So spacious and full kitchen and 3 sinks!
So worth it and not to far of a drive to the strip :)

