This is a small grocery store.
I have a thing against Walmarts (we won't get into it here), but it's right by my place and decided I needed to stop for some things.
It's new and clean inside.
It's not a giant place but has decent selection for the size.
Nice place to stop to pick up a few things.
Plus they have a lot of self check out lanes, which I like.

Was on my way to a cookout and had to stop by here for some ammo.
This was my first visit to a Walmart Neighborhood Market and I was impressed.
It had all of the basics that you need.
Now, back to my shopping list:  - Beer....check - Chips & Dip....check.
- Pretzels.....check.
- Gatorade.....check.
(you gotta stay hydrated in Vegas) - Bag of Ice.....check.
They have Self Service Checkout stands, which I love and it was an easy process to checkout....despite having alcohol.
Sometimes it takes forever and a day for someone to come approve alcohol purchases via Self Checkout....not here!
Overall, it was a pleasant and quick shopping experience.
Will I return?
Yes.

This is not your typical ghetto ol' walmart.
This is a pretty respectful neighborhood grocery store.
I like to think of it as a quarter of what a walmart really is.
Only because it's mainly a grocery store, hence the name.
Of course this includes the pharmacy section and the bakery.
It's a pretty helpful store.
Especially to those who live in this area.
Poor them the next grocery anything is around 3-4 miles away.

It's near the Police Memorial park so if you're having a potluck picnic and forgot to snag some stuff before hand, count on this Walmart to have what you're looking.
It's better than going to the bigger Walmarts because this is based on groceries only; none of the clothing sections to distract you.
I love their little kitchen area to buy food by the weight, their clean restrooms (most of the time!
), and their quick check-out stands!
Also, it's equipped with two Redbox machines so if you're picking a movie up, you can just stroll on inside and grab some popcorn before you head on home!
I will definitely return... usually on Sundays for an energy drink and pop-tarts!
Hahaha!

My friend & I call this "the hood" Walmart for short.
LOL.
I'm always stoppin by because it's right up the street from the Church I attend.
Check out Iglesia Ni Cristo (Church of Christ) :D  Always great on prices.
I just always by a lot of cheap things that add up.
They always carry whatever I'm looking for.. that's the beauty of Walmart.
They just know.
I love the little food place thingy they've got.
Try the chicken fingers!
Good and budget friendly :]  Self checkout is the bomb dot com!
:D  I still prefer Supercenter Walmarts though.
I love me some electronics!

Came here thinking it was going to be a normal WalMart like the bay.
And it was just like it but more or a market.
Well I guess that's why they call it Wal-Mart Neighborhood "Market" It was pretty cool and wish we had more of these down in the bay, and have a few more veggies, fruits stuffs in our Wal-Marts.
But hey I guess for now ours will do.

Conveniently located off of Cheyenne and 215.
The store is nicely laid out and is easily accessible.
I usually come by here if I am on my way out of town for camping.
They have everything you need.
Their produce is fresh and the store is very clean.
They even sell corded wood here!
Self check out here is very easy.
If you rather get rung up instead, that doesn't take too long either.
Definitely a bonus as compared to going to the Super Walmarts that take 20 minutes to check out.

I really like this walmart location because there isn't a million chain stores around it.
It's got a smaller parking lot and it's a much smaller store since it's just grocery and pharmacy only.
My husband really really likes the salads here, so that's mainly the reason why we come to this location.
I also like to coupon here, the aisles are not nearly as crowded or picked over like most walmarts.

Not usually stocked with much, their loads tend to be on the floors but not being worked.
Produce is awful, low quality and again, low stock.
No one looks happy to be employed here.
It's mostly a self check out store, with no check out person to assist you when that annoying red light comes on.
They make keys here, but good luck trying to get one!
It's the last thing they want to do or it's "broken" Customer service is awful, they can't be bothered with you, they also serve as a check out counter, but be prepared for attitude!
I'd rather use the gas station up the street and pay triple the price then to shop here again

As of tonight I was totally let down by this wonderful place.
Yes!
We are in America.
We all ( buyers) appreciate the low prices... but not the racism and discrimination to clients.
Is it normal to ask for an" American ID" for someone that has shown a legitimate NON AMERICAN ID?
According to walmart the anwer is no... no American ID no ummmm budlight even though your over  21 :(

This market is great.
The closest Super Walmart is just over 10 miles away so it is nice and convenient to have a little mini version nearby.
The store is always clean and the cashiers are very friendly.
They usually have several self check out lanes open which is nice since most people stopping in are just grabbing a few things anyway.
Even though it is limited they do still have a mini bakery and deli area too.
Parking can be tight at peak times.

Pros: -cheap prices -self checkout -24 hour  Cons: -rude and grumpy employees (ones I've came across here anyways) -parking lot -people who don't know how to use self-checkout -always seem to have low/no stock of a lot of my common items  I only come here because of convenience (open 24hr) and the fact that my wallet hasn't seen its best days recently.
Otherwise, I would definitely go out of my way to go elsewhere.

Walmart Neighborhood Market is a nice little store.
It is small enough to give the small town mom and pop store feel but big enough to provide you with what you need.
It looks like a high end shop with Walmart prices.
The pharmacy folks, while busy, are always friendly and professional.
Sometimes even funny and personable.
So whats not to love?
Well, the parking for one.
It is a small parking lot with one way aisles that make parking and navigating the lot more difficult than it needs to be.
The lines can be frustrating too.
Like a larger Walmart, most checkout lanes are closed and lines of customers build up.
Yet they tend to move rather quickly all things considered.

I'm not a fan of the Walmart corporation overall - but this little market is pretty convenient.
We do our main grocery shopping elsewhere - but usually end up stopping in here once a week to pick up some of the basics that we're running low on (wine, potato salad / macaroni salad, TP and the like).
Recently noticed that there are carrying more environmentally / animal friendly cosmetics and bath stuff lately too - a big plus in my book.
I'm always impressed with how friendly the staff are.
The good experience helps assuage my guilt for occasionally giving my $ to this huge corporation.

allot of fresh produce, very local as well.
helpful staff and kinda hidden in the shopping center.
I come here a few times a week they have most everything I need.
no honest complaints about service.
though the shopping carts are always a cluster puck in the area.
I hate how shoppers just wonder around aimlessly.
they just walk in Walmart land.
I'm in, I get what I need and go.
3 stars for the shopping cart disaster.
it is much much cleaner and safer the the rainbow and 95 location.

