I have been doing Martial Arts for years now and have had the pleasure to work with many great trainers.
I have studied Tae Kwon Do, Chuan Fa Kenpo, Krav Maga, Jiu Jitsu, Judo, Aikido.
In all my expreiences I have never been so offended and dissapointed with a school.
I recentlly moved to AZ back in June and have been looking for a place to train.
I visited REACT with one of my peers who was also very interested.
Upon arrival we were impressed.
The location is clean, great size class rooms, equipment well maintained.
We were greeted by a young man who collected our personal information and gave us a tour.
During the tour my friend mentioned that we were personal trainers.
Instantly our tour was stopped an we were escorted to the door.
First, Krav Maga is a very simplified and very affective system for self defense.
It's not rocket science and doesn't take years to learn.
REACT is not any different from any other school.
Second, we weren't there as trainers we were there as potential clients.
We do very well and don't need to fight with other trainers or studios for work.
Third, any quality school or instructor teaches because the live an breath there discipline.
They do it because it's there passion.
They exchange that knowledge with others because they want to share.
They care about their students like family.
This school is obviously focused on the commercial side.
The only thing they really care about is your money!
I can't say anything about the quality of training because we were never even given the opportunity.

So, a little disclaimer:  I've only been going for a week now, so I feel my 5 star rating MAY be jumping the gun....but so far I'm having a blast.
I will re-review this once I've finished my 3 month membership.
So here is the review: (I'll break down each section more below)  The Good:  Fun Environment Clean Training Room Great Instructors Always plenty of people to partner up with  The Bad:  Not enough selection of times to come to class 2 Seperate memberships for Basic Krav Maga and actual Fight class 1-2 Year contracts that are unbreakable  The Ugly:  Money Driven   I'll get the Ugly and Bad out of the way first as they are not as big of a deal.
What I mean by Money Driven is....this place is a business afterall....and thats ok....but the problem is...you can feel it with everything that happens.
Between the fact they pressure you into signing up, to the fact they have a "1 day only" enrollment fee reduction in price and the fact you have to wear their shirts to class...you can feel that this is a money driven organization.
As far as "the bad" is concerned:  There is a basic membership which lets you take Bag, Core and Krav classes...but if you wish to do sparring and fight, you need to pay extra for the Fight membership.
You also have to sign into a $120/mo 1 year contract or a $99/mo 2 year contract.
Thats fine if you are dedicated, but the problem is you dont know how you will feel about it in 3-5 months...and there is no way out of the contract.
And lastly, I think there should be more classes available to come to as they typically have 1-2 classes a day only.
Now for "the Good":  As I said before, it has only been a week but I am LOVING this place.
It is a great work out, and I am learning alot.
The instructors seem as if they really care about you here.
You never feel like you are wasting your time, and while sometimes things repeat, the practice helps alot.
The fellow students here are always friendly and help each other out by motivating each other and help you keep going, especially if you are new.
I'll say this, if you are out of shape....either get in a better shape before trying this....OR put up with throwing up and the slight embaressment of being winded and having to stop mid-class.
This is not for the feint of heart, it will kick your ass......untill you are able to kick ass instead!
It's also alot of fun, have I mentioned that?
I always have a ton of fun here and recommend it to anyone.
Also....ladies, if you are debating doing this and afraid because it is a martial art, dont be!
So far there are 2-3 ladies per class and they are loving it.
At this point, I am leaning towards extending my membership, but lets see in 2 months.
Come and try an intro class...maybe I'll see you there!

So I've been going now for 2 months and figured I'd give a little bit of an update.
The GOOD that I mentioned earliar is still all there...I am enjoying Krav very much and have recently started doing a bit of Bag and Core classes also.
I am not a huge fan of Core classes as they remind me of Gym classes which are boring and dont keep me engaged.
The bag class is really fun because you are punching and kicking the whole time.
The Krav class is amazing...but I got to admit that going 2-3 times a week...I've started to learn everything they have to teach in this beginer class.
What does this mean you ask?
I'm glad you asked.
This means I need to move into the more Advanced class like Fight or Tactical Black.
Here is the issue with this.....it costs more money.
Now I'm not a cheapskate by any means but since I'm already paying $120/mo for basic Krav....going to $160/mo is just a little brutal for what you get in return.
I mean the only thing that $40/mo extra is paying for is the ability to move up a class....you have to buy the equipment yourself so its not like you are getting equipment they have to pay for or anything.
Kinda sucks.
Obviously this leads me to the BAD/UGLY I mentioned before.
It very much a money driven orginization.
I was cornered after about a month and told that I needed to sign up for a year if I wanted my 3 month membership to apply towards the year.
I never knew I only had 1 month to decide...I thought I could play out the 3 months and then decide....but I guess I missed the fine print.
The equipment you can buy there is also marked up big time, as I found the same equipment I bought for cheaper elsewhere.
Anyway, overall I still rate this place 5/5 and am having a great time and met some really cool people here and still try to recruit my co-workers to join...I just wish FIGHT and Tactical Black was all part of the same package...I dont agree with charging more for taking a different class...bleh.

I have a membership at this place and I happened to look it up while on Yelp for other things.
I think Dominick's review is unfair.
If he was escorted out, yeah ... that kinda sucks but is his review really indicative of the typical experience?
Probably not.
So I think it's really a shame to have the star ratings for the place impacted by such a review.
Here's what the place is really like: intense, real-life, the best training I've ever received (and like Dominick I've studied many martial arts, though I'm not a trainer), and ... very expensive.
I had a good amount of jiu-jitsu muscle memory from former training and the first thing pointed out to me is "throwing a guy to the ground in a fight is just a bad idea".
Honestly, I didn't really buy it at first, but the fact is that they're right.
There are a number of things along these lines that got my self-defense training out of the theoretical realm and into the real world.
That's what react-defense is good at...
TRULY real world self defense tactics.
They're also very good at an intense workout if that's what you're looking for, but ... though I really enjoy the place you can probably get a better deal elsewhere for that.
The prices are really are built for those looking to train for self-defense IMHO.
They choose to not disclose pricing until after an introductory class is given so I will respect that but I'll say it ain't cheap and you shouldn't expect it will be.
Also, I've heard other students complain that not only are the dues high but you need to continually spend other money as well.
They also try to sell you stuff constantly, though it's not a hard sell.
I think those are fair statements.
Fact is your dues are only one part of your monetary commitment.
After dues, you need to wear the Krav t-shirts if you continue to attend Krav classes.
Once you are proficient you are invited to join the tactical black program (which is awesome!
) at an even higher monthly price.
Seminars cost money and they are required if you wish to move up in the tactical levels - but the semiars are f'ing amazing.
Gear is required for tactical classes and will cost you money.
So... it sounds expensive because it is but with the exception of krav t-shirts those expenses are choices that you as a customer choose to take on after joining.
The good news about the expenses is that your fellow students will be very, very good people.
I've been to too many dojos where fools run their mouths, kick your a** to show how tough they are and are people you think will probably steal your wallet when you're not looking.
This is *not* such a place.
Everyone here is a professional.
React Defense has the best training, the best people and the most locations to attend.
It's great for beginners and also experienced martial artists.
If you want to make a commitment (both financial and personal) to learning truly practical self defense and are willing to WORK.
This place is for you.
At least that's my opinion...

Fantastic place to learn Krav Maga and workout.
My two sons have been going to React Defense Systems, RDS, for years and they finally convinced me to go.
I love it and it's too bad I didn't go earlier!
The instructors and facility are top notch.
As a beginner, the instructors made me feel welcome and motivated even though my skills were untrained.
After two weeks, I can feel, see, and hear the difference.
I love smacking the bag with sweaty fists and feet and seeing the sweat fly.
If you are looking for intense conditioning, then RDS is the place.
If you are looking for life saving skills, then RDS is still the place.
Learn a great life skill, become fitter, and have fun.
I agree with AZ Central: RDS is the best boxing/martial art facility in Arizona.
In closing, I'd recommend RDS to anyone and I apologize to everyone for not being creative enough to think of something funny or flippant.
Oh did I mention this is one of the few places in the world where parents and their kids can legally beat on each other and enjoy it?!
When was the last time your son hit you?
;-)

Love this place!
I've trained in all locations!
Instructors are professional and knowledgeable.
Great for all levels of training.
I'm always sad when class is over.
Highly recommend!

Awesome awesome place and the instructors are amazing!
I love the confidence I feel walking out of class, like I am ready to take on the world!

Couldn't have experience worse customer service.
Any martial art or self-defense system should have humility and a focus on people and passion for learning & teaching at heart.
Instead, after walking in hoping to continue to pick up where my previous training in grad-school left off, I was told that they weren't "interested" once they found out I am a strength & conditioning coach.
I simply told the woman, that I am there to learn, not to coach & she then stated that they don't want people "stealing their methods" as if I was going to teach the baseball, football and high-school athletes I worked with Krav Maga at a performance training facility focused on speed, power and agility.
Two more co-workers went in, including my girlfriend and it was the same song but different verse.
Disappointed that there are "teachers" out there that are so self conscious that they think not opening their doors to everyone willing to learn will somehow preserve and grow their business.
Side note* their pricing is also ridiculous.
Locked in contracts that are clearly focused on money and forced retention.

