Awesome stylish private club with immense selection of whiskies not available anywhere else.
Wonderful.

Unfortunately you can only get in here if you are a member, or if you know a member, which we did.
There was nothing quite like our visit to the Whisky society with a couple of Leithians during our stay in Edinburgh.
The basic premise of the Whiskey Society is that they are a group that purchase barrels of whisky from distilleries and bottle it untouched, cask strength, no mixing involved.
Most major distilleries are expected to produce a signature flavor and so they mix their barrels to achieve this for bottling.
So even if you knew which distillery the whisky came from (all whiskies are numbered rather than include the name of the distillery) it doesn't taste like what you would normally expect.
The Whisky Society bottles up the barrel sells them to their members and once it's gone, it's gone.
We came on a quiet weekday night.
They have a full dinner menu which was really good.
I tried the venison burger and hubby had the bangers and mash complete with the Whisky Society's signature sauce, Hotscotch.
We tried about 10 samples of whisky through out dinner, complete with tasting notes and then my husband went to the bar and tried a couple more before coming away with a prized bottle.
If you ever have the opportunity to visit and sample this fine selection of whiskies you must!

If you love single malt whisky, and you are in the UK, then you owe it to yourself to visit the Scottish Malt Whiskey Society.
Amazing selection of top whiskys 2.
A fair price on the whiskys 3.
Sample at your leisure 4.
Buy (several) bottles to bring home with you  All the while, enjoy the ambience of this low key and comfortable establishment.
I shared an absolutely lovely evening here with new friends.
I cannot recommend this place enough.
Admittedly, I did not partake of the food although the prices on the menu looked more than reasonable.
For me, it was all about the malt whisky.

My wife bought me a membership in the Society for Christmas this past year.
One of the best presents I've ever received.
This establishment is one of Edinburgh's gems.
Don't mistake it for its sister facility on Queens Street, which is nice, though not nearly so nice as this.
The Queens Street rooms are convenient, but the Vaults encourage you to descend into deep, comfortable couches in front of roaring fires on a windswept winter's night.
The walls are tinted in deep, winey tones and the ceilings papered with a curious map of the rich world of whisky.
Books, newspapers, and games are scattered about, providing opportunities for quiet activity or soft conversation.
In short, the Vaults are the ideal place to warm up and sip a wee dram, outside the tympanic cacophony of the typical watering hole.
The three reviews before mine have pretty much hit the nail on the head regarding the whiskies.
Let me just pump the headline: YOU CAN'T GET THESE WHISKIES ANYWHERE ELSE.
They are wonderful and they are unique.
As for the food, they do a thin menu of remarkably good pub grub with an upmarket twist: venison burgers, haggis, neeps and tatties (in a whisky sauce of course), usually something nice with fish.
The menu changes subtly monthly to pair with each month's latest whiskies.
The prices in this regard are very reasonable (even if the whisky is dear), and they have free coffee.
There is always one desert on the menu.
Options for vegetarians are few, though they always seem to have vegetarian haggis.
The staff are friendly and extremely knowledgeable about wine, whisky, beer and food, as you would expect.
If you can find a member to take you, I encourage even the non-whisky-lovers among you to seek out this haven.
And if you are a whisky lover, welcome to Mecca.

THE definitive place for distilled excellence in Edinburgh.
Single cask whiskies which are bought by the Society and bottled specifically for its members delectation.
You can drink drams (single measures of 25ml) of any society bottling of which there is still any left, or buy a bottle to take home, again, where stocks last.
The single best tip I can leave for this place, and somehow I know I am going to kick myself for saying this in public, is to go there in winter and get on a sofa beside one of the fires.
The reason I'm going to regret saying that is there are only 8 seats available by the fires and one of them likes to have my bottom on it.

One of my favourite places in my favourite city.
The Vaults is the spiritual home (pun partly intended) of the Scotch Malt Whisky Society and has a really special character all of its own.
The atmosphere is great whenever you visit, but really comes to life in the evening.
It goes without saying that the whisky is excellent - from a bogglingly wide selection of the Society's own single cask, single malt bottlings - and you'll always find something surprising on the shelves.
Just as importantly, the staff are amazing - knowledgable without ever being intimidating or condescending and always really enthusiastic to talk with customers and share their passion.
It's not just whisky either - they stock a good selection of beer, wine and soft drinks and the food is great (their chunky chips are particularly fine).
It's all very relaxed and just a pleasant place to lose vast swathes of time!

Warm and comforting  Staff very knowledgable  The 'Water of Life'!

They say that a cup of tea will warm you on a cold day, cool you on a hot one.
The members' room at The Vaults is just my cup of tea then, a space almost as high as it is broad and invariably populated by the bubble of contented souls.
In winter the fire will warm you, in the summer this is a relaxed and chilled hideaway.
As I write this there are pairs, couples, triples, quartets and lonely singleton me tucking into their beverages and meals of choice.
Someone's been sent out for using their mobile phone in a noisy manner, one of the suited staff is muttering to himself as he gathers up some whisky nosing glasses and empty coffee cups.
There are other spaces too, where some of the Society's events are held and more private gatherings take place.
This is quite the refuge, a lovely place to be.
The staff are both knowledgeable and good humoured, helpful and engaging.
Many members of the Society are very comfortable with their knowledge of single malts from across the regions of Scotland, but there's always the chance to try something new.
Given the Society policy of buying in whisky by the cask from scores of distilleries, then bottling it themselves when they deem it ready, you'll be here a while before you've even scratched the surface.

There isn't anything like it anywhere else - the combination of location, available whiskies, the main lounge and the exclusivity makes it a must visit for whisky aficionadi.
Be warned that popular evenings like Friday & Saturday can cause disappointment as the place will be really busy.
I like it quiet, the Sunday afternoons or Tuesday, Wednesday evenings are best.
Remember that this is a Member Only establishement and that each member can invite up to 3 people to join them  for a dram and / or a meal.
Luckily we have plenty of people in our social circles that have memberships that we can spend a lot of time sampling all the delicious whiskies on offer!
It feels like an proper old time members lounge, long dark wooden tables with heavy longback chairs.
Cosy leather corners and benches with plenty of pillows.
In the winter there is an open fire in the hearth.
Fact is that they serve whisky without names.
Only a catchy phrase and some elaborate tasting notes.
- My current favourite ?
73.55 - "Stroopwafels and baked hazelnut scone" (or something similar)    They sell other spirits, wine and beer so you don't have to feel that you should be drinking whisky ALL the time , but it would be silly not to try a dram or 2.. or 3...
The drams are sold by colour - ranging from Green to White, which is around £5 to £27 per dram (hey.. you wanted exclusivity?
You got  it here by the dram load!
)   Strengths are ranging from 42% to 59% ABV (80%  to 120% Proof), and the distilleries are from all of the Scottish Isles and Regions.
The food here is very good, I only had a bar meal selection, but based on that I can ensure you that if the chefs put the same skills into his diner's dishes you are in for a treat!
Oh and they have cookies with the coffee too :o)

I love whisky.
I love good food.
I love gastronomy and indulging the sense and all the hedonistic pleasure you can get from the subtly changing taste of one dram to the next.
And yet I hadn't been to the original Scotch Malt Whisky Society until but a few weeks ago!
Oh, what a fool was I.
It was the very happy occasion of Mr David J's birthday, and so we had a private dining area in which to sip / quaff or drinks, and order some delicious bar snacks.
Bar snacks?!
Really?
A whole pig's trotter as big as my head as 'bar snack'?
Well I'm not complaining.
Before I get to the whisky, the meals we all had were delicious.
The menu was Oktoberfest-inspired, with Bavarian meals like pigs trotter, spaetzle, beef roulades, snitzle, and the usual haggis and venison burgers.
My beef roulades were really lovely, but I had major food envy over the pigs trotter.
So much crackling!
So much tender, fall-off-the-bone pork meat.
All around the table (15 of us or so) were well fed, satisfied and all made mention of how good their food was.
The whiskies.
Well, I can't really say much except: read the tasting notes, laugh and titter at the tasting notes that describe whiskies tasting like "the inside of a women's handbag", "a first aid box", and "margaritas.
" Upon sipping and reflecting you realise, by golly, they're right!
And so the fun continues of ordering another whisky, reading the notes, smelling the coconut on the nose and diving in for a toffee palate.
The venue itself is at once a private old-fashioned club, with tall tall ceilings, fire place, comfy arm chairs.
But also welcoming and lacking the pretentiousness that a private club might otherwise retain.
I can see many cosy nights in front of the fireplace, drinking a 'gentleman's shoe' on-the-nose whisky, eating some sausages and mash or venison burger, and counting the hours away a dram at a time.

Please be aware you need to be a member or the guest of a member to go this place.
I really like the comfy feel of this place.
Sitting in the comfy sofas is like sitting in your own living room.
There are also normal tables and chairs which are better when you want to eat.
As you would expect there is an excellent range of whisky but they also some beers,wines and the usual non-alcoholic drinks.
They have regular events and the food menu changes regularly to match the current themed event.
Well worth a visit if you know or are member.
Love the new outturn previews.

I don't like whisky.
Usually when I go to a place that has a speciality I'm not that fussed about (read coffee) I find it a bit of an average experience.
But the good thing about this place is you don't need to like whisky to appreciate the decor, atmosphere, great food and helpful staff.
Walking into the place made me feel like I needed to be in a smoking jacket at the turn of the century.
But in a good way!
There are tonnes of whiskies to choose from.
I didn't have any.
But I hear they are excellent and go from cheap to blow your socks off expensive.
So if you're into a wee dram or two this is probably the place to come!

Really like The Whisky Society but this was my first visit to the vaults.
Its more chilled out than its Queen St counterpart with more comfy couches, suitable for bigger groups.
As I don't have membership, I was signed in by a friend.
Outturn weekend is a great time to go as that is when new bottles are available.
I also found out that there is usually 3 'malt of the moments' available for just £3.50 a glass.
I tried the Cherry Blossom which was lovely.
Staff are really knowledgable and know their stuff.
The menu is great, products sourced from local suppliers such as Findlays and Crombies, with options for veggies and GF peeps - GF isn't marked but staff can advise.
Dishes (mains) range from about £9-£14.
The venison burger was lovely (no bun).
All in all, a place that is so easy to chill out in, while away a few hours and work my way through the whisky menu - happy days :-)

