A very solid and very tasty Mexican spot.
For Mexican food, this place really surprised me.
The decor is "whatever"... noting to get all excited about, but the food is good and priced well.
I had the red chili con carne, as I usually do at Mexican places and I've gotta say, it was the best I have eaten in Arizona.
Very flavorful, spicy, meat was tender and tasted great.
Rice and beans were very good also.
The only complaint I had was the corn tortillas.
I don't eat flour so I always order corn tortillas.
Some places have fantastic corn tortillas, others, not so much.... this place was the latter.
If you're in N. Scottsdale and need a new Mexican place to try, I would highly recommend this place.
It's nothing to travel great distances for since most Mexican food tastes the same, but this place does it better than most.

The last two times I have been here the place had an odd stench to it, kind of like a dirty rag... big turn off.
Also, the food did not taste as good.
Since I usually order the exact same thing here, I know how it should taste.
Perhaps the bad smell skewed my taste buds or something.
I will probably not go back.

Tried this for lunch today and was pretty excited.
Salsa was good.
Fresh tasting, but on the mild side of spice.
Chips were solid.
Not the absolute greatest, but I've had way worse, for sure.
Drinks were served in over-sized red plastic Coca-Cola cups (pizzeria-style).
I've always been a fan of these cups.
Kinda like a mason jar, iced tea seems to taste better served in these.
Plus, I only have to get a refill one or two times, thereby reducing the number of times that the server has to hook me up.
I drink a lot of iced tea...it's a curse.
Chix burrito enchilada-style was money.
Well seasoned, tender shredded chix.
Glad to see there was no lettuce in the burrito (don't get me started on that f-ing ridiculous concept), and an enchilada sauce somewhere between pan-gravy and ranchero sauce.
All topped with melted cheese.
Good stuff, albeit not so great for the waistline.
Meh...whatevs.
If I wanted fish or shrimp tacos, I could've had those, too...they're on the menu.
Also tried the soft chix and soft beef tacos.
Both meats shredded and delicious.
Tacos were loaded with meat, lettuce, tomatoes and cheese.
Again...good stuff.
Downsides:  - Noticed an off odor when we first sat down (similar to what Eric M. mentions below).
It dissipated pretty quickly, but next time I'll ask to sit more towards the front of the house (we were sitting mid-restaurant).
- Tacos were kinda pricey on the a la carte menu.
Approx.
$4-6/taco.
It's cool, though, since it looks like they have weekday lunch specials.
All-in-all, I'm stoked to have found this place.
Especially since it's right around the corner from my house.
I'll be back.

Last time I went there, I did a pickup order.
I was overcharged $10 and when I went back to show the older lady the mistake she made, she never apologized and was very, VERY rude.
Even after being treated badly, I asked to talk to a manager and she looked at me and said, "I am the manager".
It was horrible.
Because of her and her attitude, I would never go back.
It's too bad because the food is decent.

Great location, respectable food, and really nice people.
But the place really needs to be decorated by a professional.
Not that they need to spend a fortune or completely gut it - just add some booths, paint, lighting, remove most of the tacky piñatas, and hire someone with an eye to do it.
The ambiance just isn't.
Sorry guys...

The owner is so friendly and the food was excellent!

I've been here a few times because my friends keep wanting to go here for Sunday lunch.
But we are not sure we will be back.
Food is decent.
Chips and Salsa are good as well.
That is the only reason why I give this place 2 stars.
Now here are the reasons why it lacks.
Service is horrible.
We were the only people in the whole restaurant during Sunday lunch and the waiter made a BIG deal about us wanting to use three tables put together instead of two and even provided unwanted attitude as well.
He is also the same waiter that is unwilling to make separate checks as well even though we asked for this in the beginning during previous visits.
In my opinion, I think this was done so he can charge the mandatory gratuity.
Hello!
Just because you have separate checks, doesn't mean you can't charge for this.
Service is not very accommodating.
Don't expect much when you go.

Monday nights are the best with $3 margs!
Drama the rest of the week - filled local celebs throwing fits (over Mexican food - go figure) Service is best on Monday

Gotta get rid of the sewer odor!
Price goes up, food goes down.
Used to eat here once or twice a week for a couple years in a row- 2005-2007.
Now every time I go back, it is a bigger disappointment.

Just left Piñata Nueva for the second night in a row.
Food was excellent.
Great salsa, flavorful enchilada sauce... Just had to return.
The only disappointment was the waitress we had on second night.
Portions are plentiful.
So much better than Macayos and Manuels  We will go back again but will be sure to ask for Mark

Return of previous owner has brought back some wonderful Mexican food.
Had a shredded chicken queso dip that had a great taste and consistency.
The margarita was done right.
Glad that I tried the restaurant again and was pleased with the results

!!!!!!!!
!STOP HOARDING THE SALSA VERDE!!!!!!!
I went here for lunch one day randomly and had an awesome experience.
It was busy, but I had great service the food was delicious and the price was right.
I was served this awesome green salsa.
So delicious that when I told them how much I enjoyed it, they sent me home with a to go container of green salsa which my entire family got hooked on.
We went there for dinner the NEXT DAY!!!!
We asked for this magical green salsa and were told they NEVER HAD IT?!?!?!?!
What?!
Their available salsa.... mediocre.
The food here is good.
It's down the street from our house and we've enjoyed the food and would eat here more, but C'MON!
Give us the goods!!!!
We have asked each time!
How can you just keep it to yourselves?!
Here's my advice.
Eat here.
it's good, but..... DEMAND THE GREEN SALSA!

Great place.
The food and service now is nothing like it has been for the past year or so.
The new owner has definitely turned this place around.
The street tacos are very good and authentic style with the small, fresh corn tortillas - excellent.
My wife had a margarita and she was thrilled with it.
I have no idea why it is so hard to get a great margarita in this city, but this one is a winner.
We also tried one of the appetizers, which was essentially a quesadilla with chili colorado.
It tasted great.
The flour tortilla was not as good as the corn tortillas in the taco, but the filling was tasty.
A minor upgrade to some locally made fresh tortillas would make this a stunning dish.
I would also recommend serving some Yucatan-style habanero sauce and avocado sauce with the street tacos.
Service was friendly and fast.
It would be nice if Yelp would allow the restaurant to reboot its ratings after changing management.
The nueva pinata nueva deserves a much higher rating.

Absolutely the worst Mexican food and service I have ever had!
For one we were the only people in the place and we waited 20 minutes to have our order taken !
The margaritas are pre made and so is the food !
From the night before !!!
I asked and they admitted it was from the night before !
Disgusting I got the taco lunch special which was three tiny " carne asada" taco which I made into two an only ate one and even that was one too many !
I got sick 25 minutes after I left and so did my partner who had the shredded beef enchilada style burrito  !
An to make matters worse the server came out an told my partner she was buying her a margarita because it looks like she is having a bad day !
Wow how insulting !
I want my 28 dollars back !!!
I won't even drive by this place again !!!

Wow !
Ok the truth hurts Mr.James H  what I wrote was all true !!!
I get you work there so want to protect your job !
Yelp is for restaurant reviews and it's not high school ....

