Absolutely wonderful food in this little grill tucked inside this fabulous international grocery store.
Great kebabs.
Superb Naan...
Very reasonable especially for the quality of meat that you get.
We paid a little extra and got the garlic naan/flat bread which was a square shape.
We even got some home to make pizzas...
The husband wife combo of cook, hosts etc was a delight... All fresh ingredients.
Would go back to try the leg of lamb...

My Pakistani colleague took me here for lunch and it was just terrific.
They have both an a la carte menu and a lunchtime buffet.
The buffet has basmati rice, a kind of chicken korma kind of thing, chana dal, fried potatoes and it came with a hubcap-sized piece of fresh naan, hand delivered to the table.
All you can eat for $5.99.
The atmosphere is basic - much like Baiz Market, it's a market that happens to have a small food area, not a proper restaurant per se.
I love these kind of places but it's not exactly a date restaurant in case that's what you're looking for.
What's not to like?
Cheap, delicious, quick and friendly.
Update: Went back for a casual dinner and ordered from the a la carte menu.
It took about 25 minutes which had us wondering but when the food was served we realized why - every single thing had been made to order, down to the rice.
It's like going to your Pakistani grandma's house for dinner.
Super-fresh, delicious and very friendly service.
Highly recommended for foodies who want authentic Indian/Pakistani food.

I don't expect much when I go into a store.
The people that work her are less then that in customer service.
The guy that works at the counter has never said a Hi, Bye, Thanks etc.
Not one peep, not one smile, most of the time he's on his phone.
He doesn't have a beard so I can't even really tell if he's Muslim or not otherwise I would say Salaam Alaikum to him.
I ate once at the cafe.
Good prices but the samosa was crazy spicy, the biriyani was good and a good big portion.
Not that great of selection of meat.
When I've been there they haven't had any lamb so I usually stick to chicken breast and ground beef.
I did find a really good tika masala paste there so I can make chicken tika masala.
But it's very hard to find there, they are usually out or have to look through all the other flavors of the same brand and find one mixed in.

Good place for buying meat, spices, biryani and kebabs.
Don't expect high standards of customer service (read: greeting, asking if you found everything OK, if you need anything else, etc.
), it's a no-frills shopping place for those looking for Indian/ Pakistani foods.
I can vouch for their biryani, having had it several times.
It's flavorful and enough for one hungry man.
They skimp on the meat, though, but that has been my experience at every biryani place I have been to.
The kebabs are good, and come with two pieces of nan, though sometimes they can be a hit or miss, as I found out with my fave shish kabob.
One day it was out of this world lip smackingly good, and the other day it was so bland and tasteless that I was sure I had gone to the wrong store!
I wouldn't do my veggies shopping here, because whenever I've been here (usually on Fridays), the shelves have held droopy greens and other veggies.
The spice collection though is plentiful.
They have a whole range of whole and powdered spices, including a bunch of Shaan's wonderful masalas.
They also have an assortment of lentils, flour, frozen stuff like samosas, naans, rotis and fresh meat and chicken.
A small seating area means you can devour the delicious stuff from their kitchen---both vegetarian and non-vegetarian--piping hot!

I really don't expect a whole lot when I go to places like these.
Someone without a real business plan somehow got a whole boatload of money and opened up a little store.
I can name a dozen of these hole-in-the-wall, ethnic food restaurant grocery stores.
Some of them do it real well (Haji Baba and Princess), others seem to have a little trouble (I-Mart).
Zam Zam certainly isn't a place that I would recommend buying your grocery.The meat appears to be a day or two old sometimes, and it just left out overnight sometimes.
You can tell by the way the meat looks, its super obvious.
Besides all that, I'm not exactly the kind of person that will go out of my way to buy 'zabiha' meat instead of grocery store meat.
The rest of the stuff is pretty much as you'd expect.
Plenty of spices, drinks, and arabic breads to fulfill your needs.
But still, the meat isn't of the highest quality.
Customer service?
What customer service?
You must not have been to many of these types of places.
Don't expect customer service at these places.
It sounds ridiculous that I'm giving this place 4 stars, and it actually is somewhat crazy.
Zam Zam makes some AMAZING naan.
I wasn't even expecting it, but the naan is simply amazing.
At $1.50 its a little pricey, but you get quite a large piece.
I don't think its cheaper anywhere else in the valley (or maybe the western US)?
I've eating naan at plenty of revered Indo-Pak restaurants on the west coast and I must say I am absolutely in love with the naan.
Unfortunately, I can't say the same for their samosas which are a little too salty for my taste.
The lack of a sweet chutney certainly doesn't help, and the cilantro chutney is a little too far from classic for my taste.
I haven't tried anything besides the naan and samosas, so I can't say too much about those.
But even if the other food is only semi decent, the naan will definitely make up for it.
I might be wrong, but the naan might be from heaven.

AMAZING!
They have a functioning Tandoor (clay oven of Pakistani and Indian origin) which they make fresh Naan (flat bread), and I recommend highly the garlic naan with cilantro.
Mix that with a curry of your choice (the goat and chicken tikka are particularly good) and you're in as authentic a Pakistani restaurant as you're going to find in the Valley.
You are going here for the food not so much the ambiance.
Although it has a really good halaal (kosher) butcher shop and international food market attached to it, it is really authentic.
That's what makes this a diamond in the rough.
The owners know the meaning and true essence of hospitality.
Something lacking in most restaurants.
I send EVERYONE and their mom here who likes "Indian" food and has never had Pakistani food.
Which is better, and includes beef dishes.
Northern Indian cuisine is similar.
Check it out, and save the travel expenses and stamps on your passport :)

We were on the lookout for authentic Middle Eastern food, and not the mainstream familiar most people go for.
Our friend was in town from the UAE and we wanted the real deal (We were actually looking for a Ramadan Iftar meal but I don't think anyone serves it in Phoenix).
The first place we went was actually closing for Ramadan, but the owner recommended this place.
So glad we found it!
I wasn't sure at first - they didn't seem interested in helping us order (she answered the phone while we were ordering), they were out of hummus, etc.
But eventually, we placed our order and grabbed some drinks from the fridge.
I was about 20 minutes or so until we got our food, but from that moment on, I was completely taken into a magical land of glorious food.
The authentic rice and goat, the Tandoori melted in your mouth - the cook even brought out one of her favorites at no charge - Beef Masala.
The Garlic Naan was buttery, warm and delicious (and I swear she brought out WAY more than one order of Naan).
This little hole in the wall is a must visit for authentic Pakistani/Indian food.
Don't be intimidated - dive in and try it!

This is a review about the new restaurant, Khyber Halal, which just opened inside ZamZam this week (1/14/2013).
The food is a mix of Pakistani and Afghani cuisine, reasonably priced and above all absolutely delicious!
I would highly recommend the Mantoo and Chicken Tikka Masala.

This is a great little shop, take out, catering or eat in.
Food was great and service was very nice and helpful.
Enjoy, I did.

I eat here at least once a week.
The staff is friendly and accommodating to my request!
They have vegetarian and vegan options as well.
I would really recommend the Chana Massala as well as the eggplant.
I order those dishes with the fresh made Naan and it can feed both myself and my gf for a nice dinner.
They are currently updating the look and feel of the restaurant and store.
I usually just get togo from there, but sometime may dine in.
More of a togo place for me though...
But look forward to seeing their updates!
Good lunch falafel lunch wrap too :D

The food was pretty good...hot, fresh n tasty.
However, their service was a little poor and prices were a bit on the high side.
I would still recommend them over other Indian/Paki restaurants in the area.

The Best Chicken Tikka in the Phoenix Valley.
I try to go almost every week there.
People are nice, food is great, price is very affordable.
They have also improved the ambience.
Not the best, but no complains.
Guys, if you visit there, dont forget to try the Chicken Tikka (legs) there.
My advice to the owners is: Keep up the good work and maintain the food and restaurant quality.

If you like Indian food as well as middle eastern or Persian food you must try zam zam.
It's Afghanistan/Pakistani restaurant, very authentic abd one of my favourite place.I have lunch there probably once a week.
Very well priced  You must try their nehari curry and every dish on their menu, nothing like typical Indian food

