I have eaten here twice, gotton coffee here every day this week and I can say, super nice people work here, the food is pretty good for a quick meal.
The coffee is, well, coffee.
I had the Blackened Chicken Chipotle Wrap with fries for $6.25.
It was really good.
The second trip i ordered the Chicken Caesar Wrap with potato salad which came  in a distant second to the Chipotle Wrap, but still tasty.
nothing fancy but i would go back next time im here at the Las Vegas office and in need for a quick bite.

Sunset Grill is conveniently located in my office building complex.
I only knew it existed because I drop the rent check next door at the property management office.
My husband had dropped me off at work because my car was in the shop AND I had inconveniently forgotten my lunch at home so I was stranded and hungry.
I decided to give Sunset Grill a try and it turned out to be a good decision.
The menu is pretty extensive for the size of the place.
I called in my order and left right away to walk over.
My food was ready when I got there.
The staff was friendly and there were several people dining at tables (even at 1:30 pm).
I ordered the Southwest Ciabatta Sandwich with fries.
The fries were kind of cold, but still had good flavor.
I'm not a huge fan of "breaded" fries so maybe next time I'll try a different side.
The sandwich was warm, flavorful and the perfect size.
I didn't give it more stars because the tomatoes were pretty yellow (aka not ripe) and while I will come back if I need a close, decent place, it was just kind of average.

Sunset Grill is located in the office complex that I work in so our group orders once every week or so.
The fare is simple but the food is always great.
You cannot imagine how FAST they get food to you.
I am writting this review to let you know that I stumbled onto the Southwest Chicken Cibiatta sandwich today.
Holly crap was it amazing!
Fantastic flavors.
Definitely my new lunch of choice there.

Our office orders here at least 3 times a week.
And they are always fast and great!

I have ordered lunch here several times.
Everytime I get it delivered, the food is good, but the fry's are soggy.
Still a great meal and the prices are good.
I wouldn't recommend the salads, but the sandwiches are great!
I haven't tried much else, but I'm still expanding my food horizons!

This is a great place for an inexpensive, large, delicious breakfast or lunch (they are not open for dinner).
I have been here several times and have always been happy.
You order and pay at the counter then they deliver you food.
I like the daily specials and the french fires are really good.
Bonus, they deliver to the surrounding area.

I had the Philly cheese steak with extra cheese.
It was pretty good.
I also like that they have seasoned fries.
Solid place to eat.

So I heard about this from a friend and they told me to try the breakfast burrito.
I placed a to go order and must say the burrito was really good!
Also priced well.
Will be returning ;)

I ordered the Malibu chicken sandwich with fries.
Not quite what I was expecting.
The sandwich is frozen style chicken fingers with ham on a sourdough bun.
The chicken was not good.
My wife ordered the blt and she did not care for it either.
Thin bacon and the tomatoes looked like any other fast food restaurant.
Needless to say we will not be returning here anytime soon.

I have been going to Sunset Grill about twice a week for nearly 2 years now, and it remains to be one of my favorite places to grab breakfast and lunch.
The staff is always extremely friendly and helpful, and the food is always made to order fresh, is consistent, and is made in a very timely fashion for those in a hurry... Not to mention the restaurant is always clean.
The roast beef panini and the fish 'n chips are two of my favorites... and the prices are reasonable, between $7 and $15 for an excellent meal.
Definitely check this place out... the chef is so great that he will whip up special orders, even if they aren't on the menu!
THAT'S customer service at its finest.

Blackened chipotle chicken wrap was pretty bland: chunk chicken (no trace of blackened) with a shit ton of shredded iceberg lettuce and some underripe tomatoes on a plain, cold tortilla wrap, with some not at all flavorful mayo sauce.
I could have opened a can of chicken  and it would have as much flavor.
Fries are decent.
8.50 for wrap and side.
50 cents extra to use a credit card.
A couple of outdoor tables.
Cheesy 8x10 Xerox pictures of someone's family in Hawaii on the tables, with the fake orchids.
Friendly staff.
And no evil styrofoam.

Just had lunch at Sunset Grill  and it was a good experience.
I have eaten here before....i have had the philly, Denver Omlette and Turkey Burger.
The food has been very good and the portion size on the omlette is huge.
The owner is very nice, nice atmosphere.
Only slight negative was on my omlette it took a little longer than what it should have.
Other people got their food before i recieved mine.....
Still highly recommend this place.....

Only really three options for grub in this area and I tried all three this week.... service and timeliness of the food prep is outstanding.
Got the blackened chipotle wrap, previous review was spot on, too much dressing and lettuce and no trace of blackening mostly just seasoning.
Also side pasta salad was very unsatisfying how ever the menu is extensive enough I m sure I will find something I will like  and other's plates looked promising.

I normally order delivery for lunch with no issues.
However today, my meal was around $9 bucks....
I gave the delivery guy $20 and got $3 bucks back... Umm..
Tip?
Dine in or Go to Skinny Fats down the street

Cute little place around the corner from skinny fats which has become way too overcrowded to make it a viable work week lunch spot (thanks tourists).
The workers here were super friendly and the menu is straightforward and budget friendly.
The BLT with garlic aioli and a side of fruit was the perfect amount of food.
My only disappointment was breakfast isn't served all day, but I'll definitely be back to try it!

We went to Sunset Grill for lunch at a last minute second decision.
Service is walk up counter service and they bring the food to you.
Service was quick and friendly.
The BF got a club sandwich, basic with the usual and he said it was good.
I got the Blackened Chicken Chipotle Wrap, it was good.
Basic, blackened chicken, lettuce, tomato and chipotle mayo.
BF got potato salad which to me tasted like it had some jalapeno in it?
It was good though.
The portions are a good size.
It was nice to visit a different local lunch joint but I don't think we'll be back unless we are in the area.
They seemed to get alot of business from the shops and other business in that area, so it's good to know they will stay busy.

