I go here on my lunch break for their lunch specials.
It's $5.95 for an item of your choice, soup (either egg drop or hot and sour), and fried rice.
The portions are huge and I can only usually finish half of the lunch special and save the rest for dinner.
So it's a great value for your money.
I usually order the General Chicken which is a crispy fried coated chicken soaked with a nice sweet and spicy sauce.
Only order the egg drop soup, the Hot and Sour was not very appetizing when I tried it.
The food is definitely better quality than a panda express, but its not the best chinese take-out style food i've had.
The service is excellent and the lady who works there is super friendly and always smiling.
If you're a UNLV student, come here for some good chinese since its close.

this place is awesome.
really good eats, esp for the price.
the food is always fresh...and it is one of the only places i know that will consistently make it spicy for me (legitimately spicy).
and they have some dishes i have never had before (i.e., tomato beef and green tea beef)...or at least never had they way the prepare them.
they also have an array of vegetarian dishes (the ma-po tofu is delicious).
hard to beat the lunch special....big portions, no extra charge for the rice, and a cup of soup.
on top of that, the people are always friendly and they deliver!
i absolutely recommended it

Really good lunch specials... You are given a choice of two soups, and the entree potion size is huge!
Its a total mom n' pop joint.... so the food is authentic.
Would def recommend this place to my friends.

great.
i loved it.
They delivered it to our hotel.

Mr. Beijing delivers!!
Just @offthestrip this place has cheap food and great chicken.
The fried rice was ok but I've had much better and the wontons were good too.
For late night delivery keep this place on the list.

4/12/11 UPDATE:  The food quality at Mr. Beijing has dropped in the past year.
At least that is my impression from the delivery order we had yesterday.
We selected one order of Mr. Beijing Fried Rice and one order of Mr. Beijing Lo Mein.
Not nearly as much meat in either dish as in previous deliveries, and the lo mein noodles were overcooked and mushy.
Blechhh.
I may give them another chance down the road, but today I am a sad little noodle muncher, 'cause what was once an awesome option for Chinese delivery, is now on my Just-Okay list.
5/12/10 UPDATE:    Chicken Lettuce Wraps: Delicious!
Flavorful spiced and diced chicken to fill the cool and crispy lettuce leaves.
On the menu as an appetizer, but I chose them for my main course.
Good choice!
Chicken Wings in Chinese Sauce:  OMG!
Perfectly fried, meaty, crisp and crunchy wings slathered with the most divine sauce.
Rich, sweet and irresistable!
You MUST try these!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~   Super good Chinese food delivered fast!
Tried both the Beijing Lo Mein and Beijing Fried Rice.
"Beijing" means they come with chicken, beef AND shrimp ... and they are not skimpy with the meat.
Good value, fresh ingredients and friendly, prompt service.
The fried dumplings are a tad small, but were cooked perfectly and the pork/veggie filling was very flavorful.
Nicely designed web site too.
Can't wait for my next Chinese craving!

This is another husband and wife team that delivers !, you cannot beat the prices here, and the fresh food.
good fried rice, the soups are the only thing from 5 stars from me.
I have seemed to settle in on the General chicken, I also have Mr. Beijing make me General Beef, same dish just beef instead of chicken, Extra spicy.
which is always fun for me.
the kitchen is right next to the dining area and the frying peppers usually cause a few people to cough !

I discovered this little chinese spot a few months ago.
I planned on going to Jack in the Box but decided to give it a try.
The food was awesome and for 6 bucks is a great value for lunch.
I've been to about 10 other small chinese food spots throughout Vegas and the food quality is subpar compared to this place.
Give it a try!

Awesome americanized Chinese food (which is what I like - guess i'm not a real foodie).
Lunch has it: big portion, hot, quick and cheap ($6).
The owner and waitress is super sweet and efficient.
Best of all this place is consistent - good every time ( I have been over 10x)!
Not sure why consistency is always an issue when looking for good asian but this place is def the best!

Mr. Beijing is simply amazing.
I got to know the new owners from my Mother in law.
They have really improved the taste and quality.
We ordered the Orange Chicken, Cirspy Beijing Wings, Chicken Fried Rice, Curry Noodles with Beef, Chicken, and Shrimp, and Iced Thai Tea to drink.
The Orange Chicken is crispy, flavorful chunks of chicken deliciousness.
It has such a sweet and succulent tangy sauce.
Truly amazing.
You'll never like Panda's orange chicken again lol.
The Chicken Fried Rice is so light and fluffy.
The veggies crisp.
I didn't even put soy sauce on the Fried Rice like I normally do cuz it's so damn good.
The Chicken Wings were amazing.
They were marinated and had such crispyness and flavorful bites.
Truly outstanding.
A nice aletrnative to Buffalo Wings...which they also have.
The Curry Noodles were great.
Very light and perfectly spiced.
The meats were tender and you can taste the different meats...not all combined as one flavor.
The Thai Tea I never had before.
It was so fresh and creamy tasting.
I was so impressed, I drank 2 big glasses.
It's great for the heat hear in Las Vgeas and as a nice sweet treat.
I must say Congrats to the new owners and thank you for being such great people.
Your food is truly amazing and I look forward to eating at my new FAVORITE Chinese Restaurant Mr. Beijing

So far, everyone I've taken here has liked it.
My favorites are the General Chicken and Sweet n Sour Chicken (I know, yawn, right?
)  The dinner portions are big enough to feed two people, and we upgrade to fried rice for $2.
The curry was so-so, and the shrimp stir-fry was ok.
Parking is horrible, however - but well-worth the walk if you end up a block away.
:-)

I have to say...when this restaurant first opened, I was thrilled because it was close to my house and the owners were Soo charming :) the food was freshly made and delicious!!
But, within the past few months since the restaurant got new owners, the food has changed :/ while they kept the menu the same, there is a big change in taste.
The new owners seem nice, but I just don't like the new food.
I used to recommend this place to all my family and friends, but now its just not the same :/

stop by and tast best chicken wings i ever had mmmmm !!!!!

The food hasn't been as good lately, and they stopped accepting coupons.
Bummer!

Some friends took us to Mr. Beijing today for an early dinner and WOW what great food!!
We started off with the fried pork chops, chicken wings and chicken lettuce wraps.
Then soup was served, my wife and I had the egg drop soup, and our friends had the hot and sour soup.
For the main meal I had the Tomato Beef and my wife had the sweet and sour chicken, our friends had the broccoli beef and kung pao shrimp.
this whole meal was insanely great!!!
The owners are a husband and wife team that seem to pour their hearts into the food and service, and it truly shows!!!
I will be recommending Mr. Beijing to my friends and family for sure.

With the restaurant being close to the strip and UNLV, I was a little surprised that it was relatively empty the times that I went.
The lunch specials are such a good deal considering what you get for an affordable price (choice of entree, soup, and rice).
The owners are really friendly and it's clear that they put a lot of effort towards the food and service.
It's good to know that I can get authentic Chinese food near where I live and the location is excellent.
The only issue I have with the restaurant is that I wish parking was more accessible.
From the times that I've been here so far, it seems like a toss up as to whether or not you get a decent parking spot near the restaurant.
Other than that I do recommend Mr. Beijing as they really do cook up some great food daily!

overall, not horrible.
the worst thing we had was the chicken and broc.
it was pretttyyyy bad, the broc tasted undercooked and just had either a prefrozen taste or a fridge taste.
i couldnt tell, just was not edible.
the kung pow chicken was actually pretty good.
the garlic chicken however, not so much.
the chicken was passable (minus the bone/cartlidge thing i got) the veggies were pretty bad though.
overall i wouldnt recommend it.
its pretty hard to find and a homeless guy wanted to wash my car windows "for $100 dollars" so... yeah, im not going back.

We looked up a goof Chinese restaurant on yelp in Vegas and this one popped up.
We decided to try it for lunch my family and I were there for the CES SHOW anyways everything good we're 2adults 2 teens and a 10 yr. Old at the time of getting the check my husband noticed it wasn't adding up?
Why you ask.... Well when he asked the lady told us that we had a party larger than 4 so they applied a mandatory 15% gratuity?!!
WTF right I asked her to show us where in the menu or their establishment it said that?
All I got was a Ummm well it doesn't but we get people who don't tip.
Again how is that my fault I added?
She then said well you have kids.
To which I replied yes I do grown that I served not you.
She had no excuse for what she did other that I've been up since 6am and the people have been here to eat didn't tip me so I added a mandatory gratuity to your table.
I explained that when I worked for The Butcher Shop we bad to show and mention that prior to service and if they planned on doing that they should update the menu.
We paid what was asked but plan on not going back.
I honestly think they saw my hubby and I in a suit and tie and saw $$$ signs.
Dear owner you shouldn't take out your frustration on your customers especially if they're not the ones you have beef with.
We were going to leave a $7 tip but after being told that we had to pay for other peoples tips we d ecided to just leave the mandatory $5.95 .
The food was good but the I don't like owners taking advantage of nice people.
The next day my kids wanted Chinese needless to say we went elsewhere.
Bottom line my advice to you is beware ... You never know if the owner will decided that she's not happy how the night went and tag on an extra tip to your bill.
Enjoy

Loved this place with the old owners, love this place with the new owners.
Is it the best Chinese food I've ever had?
Heck no.
Is it a huge plate of comfort food in a nice atmosphere for cheap?
Heck YES!
Reliable, consistent delivery as well.
Grab a family meal, eat for a few days.
It's like every Chinese restaurant in Vegas (outside of Spring Mtn Rd) follows the same formula with the same menu, same coupons, and same 2 family dinner specials, but this place just does it better.
If I want the type of dinner experience that I'm used to from growing up in the Bay Area, I go to Spring Mtn -- If I want a typical Vegas local take out place, I go here (or Chopstix for close to my work).
To the lady upset about a tip being added:  Um deal with it?
I'd hate to see how you fare in a country where this is the norm (try most of Europe).
Rate the food and the service, not a small idiosyncrasy that, by your own admission, saved you money in the end.

After reading all the positive reviews, I was excited to find something other than PF Changs or Panda near my job to satisfy my Chinese craving.
Yes I could have gone to Chinatown to fulfill this need but I wanted to venture out and see what else was around me.
So I walked into to this cozy little joint with an open mind and taking into account what the rest of the Yelpers recommended.
First off, lunch for $5.95 is a deal considering the portion size of their lunch plates!
The owner and her son?
were very nice and accommodating.
She gave me a schpill about how they make their own soy sauce, garlic chili paste and chili oil.
Wow this place sounded really authentic and made me look even more forward to trying their food!
So on to the food..  First up, you get your choice of egg drop or hot & sour soup.
I settled on egg drop.
When the cup came out, I noticed how hearty the soup looked as it had peas and carrots, chunks of tofu and egg strands.
This has to be good right?
Wrong.
The soup was flavorless and really thick.
I thought adding their homemade soy sauce would help.
Wrong again.
Their soy sauce had no sodium.
That's ok, there's nothing a little Sriracha won't fix.
Next, my General Chicken with Chicken Fried Rice plate appeared.
Again pretty big portion size.
Bite into the chicken..ouch I almost lost a tooth.
These suckers were overcooked.
I thought maybe the rice would redeem the meal.
I do have to give the rice kudos because it was actually pretty decent.
It was moist and fluffy.
Actually had a good flavor to it.
If you added soy sauce or chili, it would suck it right up.
So overall the atmosphere and service were great.
I was disappointed in the General chicken and soup.
Maybe I came on a bad day?
But I felt that the fried rice did redeem the meal.
Perhaps on my next visit, I'll try a different dish to see if it changes my opinion.

Great Salt & Pepper Shrimp!
Kinda spicey, as there are peppers in the mix, but the balance of heat-to-flavor was quite nice.
Mr. Beijing Lo Mein did not disappoint.
Fast and friendly delivery.
Still recommend!

$5.95 for lunch is a bargain, especially when the plate is heaped with food.
But the heap was bland (kung pao chicken), the hot and sour soup unremarkable, and the potstickers i ordered separately, nothing to write home about.
The inside of the place is bland.
Come to think of it, bland is the best way to sum up my impression.
This is NOT a destination spot for Chinese.
But if you're walking along the sidewalk and the burger joint next door is closed and it's 105 degrees, they sure, try it out, they do have a/c...  Won't be back.

Good lunch if you need something cheap and easy to swallow.
Dont order the soup.

Ordered the $8.95 dinner special which came with hot and sour soup, two vegetable egg rolls with sauce, General Tsao's chicken, and lo mein.
Hot and sour soup was perfect but had a bit of a strong soy sauce flavor to it.
I didn't even put soy sauce in it!
Egg rolls were perfectly crunchy and fresh.
The General Tsao's chicken was cooked perfectly but it was completely drenched in the  spicy orange-style sauce which was okay.
The chicken pieces on top tasted perfect but the ones on bottom ended up tasting like Chinese fried chicken mixed with Fruity Pebbles cereal.
The lo mein was fine and tasted excellent with Sriracha brand sauce.
This place is a five-minute walking distance from the "new" Baymont Inn&Suites (formerly Blackstone Inn/Holiday Inn).
Get your Chinese food fix here, or other restaurants in the same strip mall.
Total meal came out to $9.67 after tax.

It's 8 pm at night and I'm craving for some wonton soup.
Without a whole lot of thinking, I put in a delivery order from Mr. Beijing for a wonton soup, chicken lettuce wrap and a ma po tofu.
I'm sad to say I really hated all three items that I ordered.
The wonton soup had a cloudy broth that was way too salty while the ma po tofu was drowned in this semi thick sauce full of overcooked peas.
The only thing I felt edible was the chicken lettuce wrap.
I will not order from here again.

Very good food!
Mr Beijing noodles and lettuce wraps were great.

For a place that advertises a cheap quick lunch I was completely blown away!
Almost immediately after I ordered they came out with egg drop soup Full of carrots peas corn and tofu It was very good, light on salt so easily pepped up with some Soy sauce just like I like it.
I ordered the Mongolian beef.
It was perfectly seasoned just spicy enough to tingle my palate.
It came with a generous serving of fried rice that was very good.
I ordered lemonade with my meal and I was initially concerned because it was taking a little while to come out, it even came behind the soup.
However I was quickly surprised and made very happy when they brought my lemonade out.
They normally do not offer lemonade and they freshly made some just for me!
What amazing service!!!
Two very sweet ladies were serving the tables and I watched As they kept a close eye on each table and repeatedly asked to make sure everything was okay and brought extra napkins etc.
absolutely AMAZING service.
I will be back over and over again.

Excellent food, friendly staff, large portions for low prices.
This place is freaking legit.

Just discovered this place and I love it!
When we get delivery they are always super fast!
I have also stopped by on the way home from work and they are so friendly.
I am a shrimp lover and Mr Beijing do not disappoint, generous portions, always seasoned perfectly.
The portions are huge so make sure you are hungry!
I had some friends stop by my place for a "hangover day" last week where we all just wanted to eat and watch movies, and everybody loved Mr Beijing!
It is fast and cheap and tastes great.

Ever since I moved to Las Vegas I have felt like I have struggled to find good Chinese food.
Sure, there are good places on the strip, but when I don't want to spend that much for a meal and want it delivered, I choose Mr. Beijing.
The food is decent...not bad, not great.
I don't order from them that often, so I guess that is okay.
Their prices are good even though when you order through eat24 you have to order like $18 worth of food so I always have left overs.

There food speaks for itself !!!!!!!!!!
Very wonderful family run Chinese restaurant.
My Boyfriend and I where looking for a new place to try and we picked Mr Beijing and the min.
we walked in they where so nice and friendly, and the food was GREAT and you get a lot of food!

The price is definitely right for Mr. Beijing, especially for lunch.
They provide a gracious amount of rice, an entree, egg drop soup, and the always popular fortunate cookie.
Unfortunately nothing really stood out to me.
The fried rice was pretty blah-zay.
The Orange Chicken I got with my lunch special was good quality chicken, but over battered and the breading dominated the flavor.
The egg drop soup was probably the highlight of the meal as the broth was really tasty and there was a generous amount of egg in there.
The service was really good as I chatted with one of the ladies in there while waiting for my food.
My order didn't take much more than 5 minutes to come up which is a touch concerning considering they don't serve their food buffet style like Panda Express.
It's almost like what I ordered was precooked, warmed up, and boxed.
Really a 2 1/2 star review, but I'll round up in this instance.
In a pinch for lunch I wouldn't hesitate to give Mr. Beijing another try, but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to make this lunch stop.

Man if i could give it 6 stars i would this place is amazing and cheap were talking appetizer 3 alacart   Items white rice and desert for $31.00 we eat there and brought back half of it so you know its a deal when that happens   Service was out of this world felt like i was a family member.

Absolutely LOVE this place!
Always a great place to eat after school when I'm craving some Chinese food.
Service is friendly and keep you happy while you're there.
The lunch specials are great!
You get either two egg rolls or soup, fried or brown rice, and your own portion, which is a lot of food!
The general chicken has been my absolute favorite!
It tastes very similar to orange chicken and won't disappoint you!
Definitely check it out if you're ever around the area!

Good delivery option, expect 1 hr delivery.
Had the pork dumpligs they were ok the sauce was great!
Had the Kung Pao Chichen excellent dish very spicy by the way,  the shrimp Pad Thai was also excellent good balance on the sweet and  spicy taste, finally the fried rice was ok nothing really great.
Big portions

MOST OUTSTANDING establishment in Las Vegas, over the past 2 years I can say that they consistently treat me with the upmost hospitality and have always been generous in portion size and more than fair in pricing.
They go above and beyond to make you happy, and always remember you, and in my case my order.
Thank you for every amazing experience!

Was craving some Chinese fried rice and came out to find pretty good Chinese food at this hole in the wall spot.
Totally a great bang for your buck which is weird to say in Vegas.
Great family owned business.
Will come back again

Family business always have a soft spot in my heart.
Big mama runs the show she is nice and speaks fluent English no accent.
So I can see this place being a pleasure to order from.
Yes they deliver it is a $2.00 charge.
I ordered out and it was fast and smells delicious.
Lunch specials are great!
Under $6 for lunch from 11am-4 pm.
Mama Beijing I will be back

My Favorite off the strip Asian restaurant , the food is always fresh , family operated , great prices.

I stopped here while in town for a convention and I must say that for the price, my meal here was a far better value than meals I've had on the strip for twice as much $.
This place is very small and although it mostly does delivery and take-out I enjoyed the cozy atmosphere and decided to eat-in.
I ordered the General Chicken, a favorite dish of mine, and this place cooked it perfectly and added a good bit of pepper to kick it up a notch.
Also, this was a quaint family-run small business which was evident by the manager helping a grandson with his homework as I walked in- the same manager was very friendly and struck up a conversation with me which was much-appreciated.
All in all a highly enjoyable meal and atmosphere, wish I lived in the area so I could come back often!

Great little place!
Food is good quality at an affordable price.
The fried rice is excellent!
Better than some of the more expensive places around the strip!
Family dinner with soup, fried won tons, 2 entrees and fried rice was more than enough for a family of 3 at a reasonable prices.

Pretty solid Chinese food, the portions are large and the lunch specials ($5.99) before 3pm is pretty nice.
I seem to order the Orange Chicken or the salt and pepper pork chop the most often..
The egg drop soup is a must as well.

Pretty decent chinese restaurant.
The service is pretty good and they have a nice selection to choose from on their menu.
The food I ordered came out hot and was actually pretty good.
The price is affordable and is pretty good considering how much I got.
Really cool place to check out for sure.

The wait staff were very friendly!
The lunch specials are big portions!
Two could easily share!
Sweet n sour chicken and Cream cheese wontons were excellent!
I would definitely eat here again!

Service was excellent!
The lady was soo nice and sweet.
Food was great and fast.
Well priced.
Nice find in vegas.
Found place on yelp.
Recommended.

I don't like to make negative comments but I was very very disappointed with the way they treat customers.
Not sure about food which may be good or not.
Anyhow I when call to order, it was nice and simple until it was 1 hour and half late, I understand it could be busy from time to time and business can be out of control.
What ever it is you don't treat customers like this.
I.e I was slammed off the phone type of rudeness.
Already late, didn't offer to give discounts, I waited and waited, called more than twice to check order, guy finally came but didn't to come to the door and ask me to come down and when I said I couldn't he slammed the phone, I called the manager, she then slammed the phone on me and refused to pick up when called again.
They may be busy but a quick word thank you or I'm sorry I will offer something to compensate will be better than slam.
I don't think I can get the money back for this at all.
Rude and unprofessional behavior.
They can act like this because I already paid for food and tips.
Unbelievable

I had a great experience at this restaurant a little off the beaten path.
It's the quintessential hole-in-the-wall that has a ton of delivery traffic so it is loved by locals.
While the dining area is small it is unique and enjoyable.
The Manager is super friendly greeting you with a smile at every opportunity.
The food is fantastic, and leave room for green tea ice cream.

This place is okay.
It's not the best Chinese food I've had, but it'll do in a pinch and plus it's close to UNLV.
If you're on a budget you can't beat their lunch combos only $5.95 and their dinner combo for one only $8.95.
With the lunch combo you get an entree item, fried rice, and soup.
With the dinner you get an entree item, choice of noodles or fried rice, an appetizer, and choice of soup.
Between the two soups they offer -egg drop and hot& sour- I'd go with the egg drop.
Both times I've gone I've had the General Chicken which is pretty good, so I'd recommend that.
The noodles aren't bad either.Overall this place is good; great prices, delivery, accepts credit cards, and close to UNLV.
Try it out!

Lunch special is definitely worth it hefty serving and freshly made I ordered the garlic chicken soooo good!
Small and cozy in here and good service

In this case, the Yelp general rating and reviews here have let me down.
Nothing about Mr. Beijing was above average, I'd actually put it a little below average.
They meet about what I expect for this kind of place if they are not preparing food to order.
It all tasted like buffet food that just came out of a warming tray.
The service was incredibly fast which is telling that they weren't actually cooking it to order.
Stale & flavorless, barely warm, and didn't look particularly appetizing.
Generally sesame chicken is not quite so yellow, it looked more like lemon chicken with sesame seeds, but it was definitely an attempt at Sesame chicken, but the meat was stale and had an odd flavor and the sauce didn't taste like what I've come to expect and again, was mostly flavorless.
The most surprising thing to me was the white rice, it was actually undercooked and crunchy.
Or maybe it was dried out and overcooked from sitting around too long.
I have never had a low-end chinese restaurant screw up white rice.
I'll at least give them 2 stars because other than the rice it wasn't inedible.
I probably should only give them a single star because in my home city, a 4 star rating on a place like this would be a neighborhood favorite that cooks everything to order, and a place producing food of the quality I experienced at Mr. Beijing would only be visited by folks who don't know any better.
Vegas seems to have high end overpriced places o' plenty, so I expected the standards for lower end stuff to be a bit higher.
I'm disappointed that I was wrong about that.

Excellent food, great service.
.... loved it !

In for a conference, I decided to order takeout.
Yelp rated Mr Beijing highly.
Food is tasty.
Ordered Szechuan Chicken and disappointed in the quantity of chicken.
Very disappointed.
Also ordered wonton soup.
Wontons are so over cooked they disintegrate upon touching.
Food is tasty, just underwhelming in presentation.
At $22 it's priced in the high side.

Had a good experience.
I had the hot and sour soup an the mapo tofu.
They were great for the price just a bit to oily.
Other than that It was ok. Good for the price.

I wish this place could get NO stars !
The only thing good here was the soda I ordered.
I ordered the honey pineapple shrimp with pork fried rice and the rice tasted nothing like fried rice.
It was orange and disgusting and the shrimp has a thick glaze and a weird taste.
When I told her that the rice was bad she had an attitude and kept asking why was it bad.
I eat Chinese food all the time and never have a problem.
I am so disappointed.

I have had the avocado smoothie here twice ...
It is very healthy and tastes out of the world.
Must try ...

Pretty good spot but not everything on the menu is good.
I haven't tried everything but based on what I have tried, here's what I do/don't recommend:  Get: beef & broccoli, orange chicken, general chicken, chicken wings, ma po tofu  Don't get: sesame chicken, eggplant tofu, dumplings

