Walked on on Presidents day to buy an iPhone and it was packed.....about 30 minutes later I was irritated and finally my name was called on the check in list to get help from a sales person.
It was definitley worth the wait.
Not only was the sales person friendly but he gave my husband an i a tutorial on all the features on the iPhone....WOW!
Great service and extremely helpful, I had no idea what this phone could do....and I added a Yelp app on it  I recommend this store location and this phone.

If all you do is go and Pay your Cell Phone bill, this place is Fine, but if you try to buy a cell phone or upgrade you service, then you are in trouble  The Employees know very little about the service, and are at times very rude.
I have gone in 3 times to upgrade, 2 of those 3 times I was in the store for 15min, and never saw me.
The 3rd time I was being helped by someone who was just telling me what was on the card infront of the cell phone, and when I asked more specific questions, he told me to look online, so I took his advice and left the store, and never came back.

Excellent service from Abner and Latoya, both were very polite and knowledgeable regarding their products.
They were helpful and attentive without being in the way or overbearing.
The store is clean, modern and well organized.
This will be my store of choice for future AT&T business.

Went into this store when I got my iPhone 5 on the 21st because I had a nanoSIM problem which prevented the phone from getting activated.
The store was busy, so I waited patiently.
Saw the store rep, don't remember her name, but she got me squared away and then tried to up sell me on the insurance, telling me it was the same as AppleCare+ , but I declined and came home.
Today (October 1st) I noticed an Insurance charge and another locator charge on one of my lines ($10 total).
I called customer service and she was puzzled why it got it on there and I explained what happened the phone and how I had to go down to the AT&T store and they tried to up sell me on the insurance and she confirmed that the rep put on the insurance on the line without my permission.

This location is right near my house and I had broken my phone the night before so I was dreading coming in here worrying about how much I'd have to pay before walking out the door with my iPhone.
David helped me when I came in this morning and he did an excellent job.
He helped me be creative with the upgrade and provided fantastic customer service.
Informed me on different options they offer and told me about their new alarm system packages they have.
I've been an AT&T customer for over 12 years and I'll continue to stay with AT&T.

