Ask for Daniel - I've been seeing him for a year; he's a color specialist and I get a lot of compliments on my hair.
The salon is really nice - modern and energetic.

As a girl with extremely curly hair, getting a haircut can be a risky and terrifying situation...Amy at Cherry Salon gave me the most fitting wonderful haircut I have ever had!
I finally feel comfortable in my own skin.
I feel I look professional and my own age!
The entire staff of stylists were extremely friendly and kind, but the sincerity and attention to detail that Amy gave me when I told her my fears of the "triangle cut" were unforgettable..in addition to the wonderful scalp massage I got when she washed my hair.
She even cut and colored my mom's hair last week...my mother has never died her hair, she was always too afraid...it looks amazing!

I love Bill Bailes at Cherry the Salon.
I have referred several friends and strangers to him (yes, sometimes my hair looks THAT good where complete strangers ask me who does my hair!)...
he's super-sweet, funny, and just a great guy.
Everyone I've referred has become a regular customer of his, too.
Cut & color... ask for Bill!

Daniel is the best!!!
He always knows what to do with my hair and always comes out amazing.
I get many compliments about my hair!!!

Cherry combines the ambiance of an upscale salon and mixes it with the culture and energy of a corner barbershop.
Everyone is very chatty and the stylists are constantly giving one another shit.
Maybe it's not for everyone but I totally dig the vibe.
Terry Smith is a personable and accomplished stylist who has cut my hair off and on for 10 years.
I recommend him enthusiastically.
If you're looking for a marked upgrade from Great Clips but don't want to be surrounded by pretentious fashionistas, check out Cherry the Salon and see what you think.

I tried this place out because it got such good reviews, but I feel like maybe these other reviewers went to a different salon... definitely NOT going back to this one!
I went in and instructed my stylist VERY specifically.
I wanted to keep it long, no chin-length or shorter layers and I DON'T WANT TO DYE MY HAIR.
I exited Cherry with four inches gone, short layers and having been lectured the entire cut with the 100 greatest reasons my natural hair sucks.
No, I don't want to dye it.
No, I don't want to straighten it.
No, no, no.
You can't sell me anything else.
I couldn't wait to get away from the over-sharing stylist who tried to upsell me every product in the store and dissed my hair repeatedly..
I just paid and vowed no never return.

Janine Jacobs does an amazing job coloring hair, styling, and special occasions (she did my hair for my wedding.
)  Plus, this place is fresh and clean.
The parking is a breeze and its right off the 51 so it's very convenient.
I highly recommend it and don't forget to ask for Janine.
PS: She does brazillian blowouts too...wow!

I've been going to Cherry for help with skin for years (microdermabrasion & peels) and I love it!
Leslie is fun and knowledgeable and always makes me feel hopeful.
My skin is so, so, so much better than it used to be - less breakouts and clogged pores!
Thank you!

