Any hotel that is willing to drive it's customers to a concert and then pick them up deserves five stars.
The rooms were also nice and clean.
Viva Def Leppard!

On first appearance this hotel is your typical franchise hotel inside and out.
From the gold rating you would assume that the customer service would be outstanding and it is.
Ive stayed one night and really enjoyed the clean room and free (continental buffet) breakfast.
So why am I giving them such a low rating?
Management is less to be desired.
The GM is the week link and the results will be the loss of their gold status.
Too bad too because the rest of the staff Rocks!

The location is great for everyone and it's new and clean.
Parking isn't ideal and finding the entrance from N. 96th at night is difficult when arriving for the first time (no signage or lights).
But I've stayed in Comfort Suites before and the concept that they can call themselves "Suites" just bothers me and keeps me from ever giving them more than 3 stars.
These are not suites.
They are not close to being suites.
The exec's at Comfort "Suites" who came up with the name are still laughing at the customer's naivete.
"Hey, we just jacked the price up $20/room by adding a 3' by 3' "wall" between the couch and the beds.
Joke's on you!
"  If you want a suite, go to Embassy Suites.
This is a pleasant enough hotel room but nothing more.

We stayed here prior to a concert and this was a very comfortable room and hotel.
Great breakfast, better than some of the other comfort inns.
Quiet, great location, nice staff.
I will stay here again if the opportunity presents itself

Very nice stay!!
Clean rooms, good breakfast, complimentary snack in the afternoon, and good bedding.
Right off the 101 so, it was easy to find.
We'd stay here again.

Probably 3-1/2 stars but since we didn't take advantage of snacks or breakfast (since others say they are very good),  I'll bump it up to a 4.
The staff was friendly and efficient.
The room was clean and in good shape.
The only negative was either a noisy neighbor or thin walls which was tough at 630 am when their tv/talking started.
The location was central to everything we needed and we'd stay again when visiting family that live nearby.

We have stayed in many Comfort Inns/Suites around the country the past ten years and this is one of the nicest!

Love this hotel!
Very kid friendly, breakfast was great and economical.
Close to many restaurants and right off the freeway for easy access.
Very clean and modern.
Pool was clean and good size but towels very small.

Ugh.
This place only deserves 2 stars only for its GM and makeup remover towelette.
I was staying here on business in AZ.
I pull into the hotel around 10pm, exhausted and having to be up by 5am I just wanted to sleep.
My room was pre paid by my company...but the man working the desk repeatedly denied it.
My company had not returned the credit card auth, he told me over and over again for about 15 minutes worth of arguing.
Not once did he go out of his way to maybe double check...he simply kept reading this same msg over and over to me.
I fought with him and fought with him, showing him my email confirmation, but he remained firm and was not sympathetic at all to my needs or helpful.
Now , its 10pm.
I work for a nationwide company.
I did not want these charges on my personal card bc I did not want to deal with the paperwork.
So I had to wake up mgmt.
who lives on the east coast, for them to tell me that they had no clue what I was talking about.
The room was pre paid.
No, the front desk man tells me, it was not.
So I put the charges on my personal card and went to sleep.
The next day I had my company contact the hotel.
Indeed the credit card auth had gone through...the man working the desk either did not bother to properly check or someone had misfiled the auth under a different persons name.
I returned to the hotel to gather a bag I had asked them to store while I was working and asked the front desk girl to put in a complaint with mgmt.
regarding my experience.
She assured me she would.
The next evening and I'm home here in LA going over my credit card statements.
Not only was the charge still present on my account but they had double charged me....one charge for the price of my room and another for the price of my room + the hold for incidentals.
I'm furious.
Why the hell was I charged TWICE?!
I shouldn't have been charged at all!
I call the hotel and talk to the GM.
He was very professional and handled the situation immediately (although these charges will take several days to be removed from my card).
He offered to try to compensate me for this experience but I declined.
He also did not know of any of my inconvenience.
The employee I had spoken to had not informed him like I had asked, probably covering up their mistakes.
So, okay hotel, good GM, poor, unhelpful, incompetent employees.
I have recommended to my company to no longer book with this hotel.

Stayed 2 nights.
Very clean.
Friendly staff.
Highly recommended!!
I will gladly stay at any Comfort Suite in the future.

I stayed here the evening of Nov. 19th and actually had a pretty comfortable evening.
The shuttle service was a very nice amenity, but when i looked at my credit card the following Saturday i was very disappointed.
I was charged a smoking fee of over $175 for a room that i NEVER smoked in.
In all fairness, I am a smoker, but i have never smoked in a hotel or even my own home for that matter.
I started contacting the hotel that Saturday and they told me i would have to get ahold of the GM the following Monday, and i did.
I told him my concerns and he said he would look into it for me and follow up with me within 48 hours.
He never did!
As of today, i have left somewhere in the neighborhood of 5-7 voicemails and a hand written note, with not even so much as a call back from the GM.
It's been nearly 3 weeks!!!
I was very satisfied when i left and had planned on staying here again the next time I was in Glendale, but after this experience and the unprofessionlism that followed, i will look elsewhere.
Moral of this review is that if you are a smoker, bring a clean set of clothes to change into because if they see that you're a smoker they will just add the smoking fee to anyone and never show proof/validity to the fact you smoked in one of the rooms.

Great hotel wonderful staff!!
Very clean and quite!
I've stayed in this hotel a bunch of times highly recommended!

