To call it a kennel would be blasphemy.
This is a cage free pet hotel with web cams and friendly/consistent staff.
While it is a bit more expensive to board your dog here, its not that much more than the kennels that keep your dog in a cage & charge you extra to give your animal attention or a treat.
Your dog must be interviewed to make sure he gets along with the other animals.
If your dog is social and doesn't like to be ignored the entire time you are on vacation, Villa La Paws is a must.
Don't let the strip mall location deter you.
They also offer pet daycare, so there are always lots of dogs that join in on the playtime.
They offer some discounts & packages to help with the pricing.
I always have my dog groomed right before I pick him up.
I get my dog back clean, tired & happy to see me.

While many dogs are crate-trained and find their little cages comforting, my four-legged daughter thinks differently.
So, when it came time to find a place for her to board over Thanksgiving weekend I was surprised that my search came up with so few cage-free facilities in the Phoenix area.
I was very intrigued by what I had read about Villa La Paws so we made an appointment to see the facility and for our girl to have her trial observation time.
I appreciate the fact that they observe all potential "clients" ahead of time to make sure they are socialized.
After she passed her test, we signed her up for her Turkey Day slumber party weekend and were very pleased with the service she received.
We had a very early flight out on Thanksgiving but the staff were flexible with our sunrise drop-off time.
Each dog has a designated bucket so you can bring your own food and treats with instructions and be confident that they will remain on their regular feeding schedule.
My husband and I loved the fact that we could log onto the webcams and see our girl playing and resting day and night.
The ample, clean indoor and outdoor space is really great and it was adorable seeing the dogs all snuggled up together at night via the webcams.
The daily report cards were super cute, too.
Be sure to ask about the requisite pick-up and drop-off times for boarding, though.
We were surprised to see a day care fee added to our last day based on the time we came to get her.

This review is for the location at 2734 W. Bell Road.
I am so happy and relieved to have found such a wonderful establishment.
I have had a bad experience with dog boarding in the past, so I was very leery to leave my dog with any boarders.
I couldn't be happier with Villa La Paws.
The staff is friendly and professional.
(They are the kind of dog lovers like me...they greet the dog before the person ;) It is a relief to watch my dog on the webcam as he plays with the other dogs and gets petted by the trainer who is always present in the play areas outside.
He slept in the "Couch Potato", curled up on a mat next to another large dog.
Each dog must go in for an evaluation before their first visit.
They meet the other dogs and staff watches their interactions for about 10 minutes.
I think that's a great idea and it protects everyone (our dogs, the staff, and dogowners).
I highly recommend Villa La Paws.

After making the rounds of all of the phoenix based dog daycares, i have to say that this was the only one that I wanted to leave my dogs at.
Many of the other daycares require that the dogs go into a kennel for at least an hour at lunch, but this place is completely cage free.
Its held in a former preschool so there are rooms to divide the dogs into different playgroups, but they usually play in just a few large ones.
We have not used it for boarding yet, but are trying that out in a few weeks.
The only issue that I dont love about this place is that the dogs are playing outside and inside, so they can get pretty dirty, but hey, id rather have a dirty happy dog than a bored one!

Villa La Paws is an amazing place for your four-legged bff.
VLP offers boarding, grooming, pet training and more.
I have primarily been a customer of the training dept.
and grooming, but I wouldn't hesitate to use the boarding services.
To start with, Wendi is the most amazing dog trainer ever.
Wendi has experience training service dogs, search and rescue dogs, and agility/ sporting related stuff.
No offense to the big box dog stores where they offer training inside a 50x50 box near isle 5, but I don't want to learn from someone who has a Sally Struthers online training certificate.
I need to trust and believe that the person who is teaching me knows her stuff, and Wendi is amazing.
So patient, kind and smart, if she cannot help you with a dog issue, you are SOL.
Next, the groomers at VLP are tremendous.
They are sweet and really respect and care about the dogs they care for.
It's pretty cool to see people who both enjoy what they are doing, AND have pride in their work.
VLP has a very popular boarding program.
Unlike other providers, VLP has cage free boarding.
Many dogs dislike being confined in a crate, and at VLP, your dog is evaluated and put with like minded dogs.
VLP is housed in a former school, and there are different converted classrooms for various types of dogs.
If your dog is an old Bassett, they will be put with similar dogs, so rather than fight for their lives everyday while you're on vaca, they can relax and enjoy themselves too.
Another cool thing is that every inch of VLP has cameras, and you can log into the net and see your dogs, 24/7.
How cool is that?
To recap, you cannot go wrong at VLP.
Unless you're a cat, then you won't like it.
Otherwise, if you love your four legged family member as much as me, you will be really happy with this gem.

This is a fabulous place for your dogs to play, get groomed, stay for overnights... you name it!
I believe it's the only place in Phoenix that is completely cage-free and that has both indoor and outdoor areas for the dogs to play.
My girls always come home happy.
What more could I ask?

Whoa, watch out when you visit this chop shop!
We took our dogs in on Friday.
About an hour after we dropped them off they called to see if we should reschedule because we didn't drop them off yet.
That's scary.
We picked them up five hours later and after arriving home we noticed that one of them had a cut above the eye.
We called Villa and spoke to the groomer who said that we should go to the vet.
The (third party) veterinarian confirmed the cut was from clippers and found three other burns from irritation.
The vet took photos and documented everything.
Upon returning to Villa, we were told there was no need to take her to the vet, even though it was recommended by them.
Despite there not being a "need" to take her, they wanted copies of everything, to which we agreed.
Today, we received a phone call from Chris, who was acting on behalf of the Owner.
Chris had his back peddling shoes on and was quick to change things around.
Within 24 hours, Villa's story became  -"You shouldn't shave dogs, it's harmful.
"  Oh, reallly?
Petsmart does ok. -"Your dog's injury happened after she left.
" Is that saying we hurt our dogs intentionally?
-"Your dog's injury didn't happen here so it's not our problem.
" Great warranty, guys.
-"Our groomers will ALWAYS show you if they made a mistake.
" Chris elaborated that 100% of the time they will be quick to show you their errors..yeah, I'm sure.
There's no point in going back.
We didn't ask for a refund of the haircuts, just compensation for the vet bill..you know..the one we already paid for?
Theres nothing in it for us, but to not have to spend $300 (Vet bill + haircuts) for a poorly done haircut.
It's worth noting that the company also posts a few awards on their site such as an AZCentral readers choice award from '08.
A little googling shows they're not even in the top 10.
Talk about ethics.
Stay away.
Even if they learn how to cut dogs right, you'll have to pray that you don't have a customer service issue.
****UPDATE****  Well, after a year of battling Villa La Paws' owner through the Better Business Bureau, they finally made an offer to cover the vet bill for my dog after they cut her.
They repeatedly insulted me in the process and threatened me with legal action.
Ultimately, I declined the offer because it required that I remove my online reviews which is deceiving to the Yelp community.
I wish any future customer luck when they visit here!
You'll need it.

I wish this was a more positive review of Villa la Paws...I really do.
But it is not.
My Jack Russell Terrier and I visited Villa la Paws for the first time in January for a Saturday event to introduce people to all of the training they offer.
We had a great time!
The staff was quite good.
The Hollywood Dogs class sounded particularly interesting to me.
The trainers we met that day seemed quite experienced and Schooner had a GREAT time!
So when I chose to spend $33 on one day of doggie day care, I expected that it would be a stellar experience for Schooner.
I've been rather spoiled by my still favorite doggie day care place, Gilbert Dogs.
Their prices are quite reasonable ($18.50 per day if you buy a package of 10).
The staff is first rate.
Schooner has a blast and comes home quite exhausted from all his fun.
My second favorite doggie day care place is the PetSmart at Shea and the 101 in Scottsdale.
The attendants/pack leaders interact well with the dogs, throwing balls and paying well with the pack.
I had expectations that the folks at Villa la Paws would be at least as good as these other 2 places.
And I was excited with prospect of the webcams so I could sign on during the day to see how much fun Schooner was having.
The gal who got Schooner into the outside pen to do his business was quite nice and helpful.
Schooner seemed excited, after our long drive from Mesa, to be playing with other dogs and running around.
Like most JRTs, Schooner has his obsessions.
One I'm working to manage is an obsession with shadows.
As long as he is mentally engaged with something, shadows bore him.
When he gets bored, his problem-solving brain kicks in and tries to figure out why those shadows won't come out and play with him.
I've managed to keep him focused on other pursuits at home.
Gilbert Dogs and PetSmart have managed to keep him focused on other fun when he visits those places.
I signed on to the webcam maybe 4 times on Friday.
The first time I saw Schooner hanging out on the couch, looking rather intently at the arm of the couch and the wall behind the couch.
I knew he was watching shadows.
I watched for 4 or 5 minutes.
He jumped down once, but came back.
He didn't seem to be engaged in the pack.
But what really surprised me was that the pack leader guy did nothing but walk back and forth across the floor.
The pack did follow him back and forth...kind of.
But Schooner got bored with that almost immediately.
I signed on a few more times during the day.
Not once did I see anyone toss a ball out to the dogs or offer up other toys.
I saw no tug-of-war or keep away or playful bantering.
I'm not saying those things didn't happen, but when I looked at the webcam, it looked boring.
But I didn't judge it as being bad quite yet.
I figured it was just bad timing.
The real test was when we got in the car to go home.
After a day at Gilbert Dogs or PetSmart, Shcooner is exhausted from all his fun.
He might look out the window for a few minutes, but he's usually curled up in his seat for the drive home.
Not Friday.
He was bored.
So he focused on shadows in the car again (something he doesn't do after spending the day at those other places).
And then, when we checked out, there was some additional $10 fee, so a day of doggie day care was going to be WAY more expensive than anyplace else I've ever used.
I thought I'd read on the website about a $10 charge for evaluating the dog, but I thought I'd read that the evaluation was free so I perceived that to be kind of a reservation fee of sorts...make the reservation, show up and that $10 gets applied to the already expensive $33.
Thankfully, the nice gal waived that $10.
I was already WAY over my budget for doggie day care with the $33, but I'd wanted to try the place out.
I will thank Villa la Paws for helping me see that Gilbert Dogs really does rock!
I don't mean that to be a dig and I don't intend any of this to be mean spirited.
I'm sure Villa la Paws has tons of satisfied clients.
But unless Friday was some kind of a fluke and an owner calls to help me understand why it was a fluke, I don't see me taking Schooner there for doggie day care again.
And there would be no way at all that I'd board him there for any trips I'm taking.
If he was THAT bored during 9 hours of doggie day care, he'd be bonkers after a few days.
Now, if that conversation happens, I will most certainly post an update to this review.
I'm open minded about valid reasons for our experience.
I do hope that happens.
Central Phoenix is sadly lacking in good places for doggie day care.

I'm keeping the rating at 2 stars, but kudos to Villa la Paws for calling me to discuss the issues I had.
My biggest concern was that my Jack Russell Terrier did not get as much mental and physical stimulation and that each time I looked at the Webcam there was no play at all.
The manager I spoke with explained that some days they have dogs that do not share toys well, so they just don't get the toys out.
My comment back to that was questioning why they punish the good dogs when the toy-unfriendly ones should just be separated out.
She was going to review some tapes to see what other activities went on that I didn't see.
Although Webcam or no, I knew he was bored from his actions when I picked him up.
She also explained that Tuesdays and Thursdays tend to be their slower days so they typically have just one room of dogs.
And I know Mondays they do $18 for the day, which takes away my comment that they are way too expensive.
She did offer me a free day of doggie day care, but I'll have to ponder that.
I try hard to honor the spirit of the Jack Russell Terrier.
He is home now after a day at another place and he is curled up and exhausted...he was from the moment he got in the car.
So for people who have laid back dogs that really enjoy just getting out of the house while mom or dad are working, Villa la Paws is first rate.
Unless they make a significant change to how the dogs interact, the very active, smart dogs that need some mental challenge during the day might get bored here.
Will I try Villa la Paws again?
Honestly, I'm not sure.
Should you?
Absolutely!
This company has a lot to offer.
And I very well might go there for the Hollywood Dogs training class.
But dog day care?
They'll have to earn my trust before I leave Schooner there for 9 hours again.

Disappointing would be the only way to describe this business.
We have a very socialized miniature schnauzer and he LOVED Fido's funhouse until it closed.
We decided to try VLP and I wish they did not have a webcam.
Watching the webcam, I saw no toys for the dogs, no stimulation and my dog just hung back as the bigger dogs had the run of the room.
In am absolute emergency, maybe.
Otherwise, I will pass.

This review is for the training only.
I am currently almost halfway through Intro to Agility 1 held at the 32nd st and Shea facility.
I was looking for a place to be able to do something fun with my dog through the summer.
The nature of things like agility, flyball and other stuff is that most clubs train outdoors and so take summer breaks, thanks to the scorching heat we all endure during this time of the year.
So I did some research and found that Villa la Paws had classes that suited my needs while keeping me from breaking my budget.
I can't say enough good things about this class.
I have a german shepherd, and she is a smart, active, keep busy kind of girl.
Before we started the class, Wendi and Andrew took the time to learn about Miyu's (that's my dog's name) issues, as she is a rescue.
Through class, they make it a point to help her gain confidence and positive experiences that will help her overcome the issues she collected in her previous life.
That in itself is impressive.
They also teach the handler as much as the dog, and I must say Miyu and I have been having a BLAST.
Wendi talks us through all the obstacles, and I take particular comfort in the fact that she competes with her border collies and has done all this before.
She explains things and lays the foundation for continuing on in agility, which I think we will do once we're done with this class.
Miyu is gaining confidence, keeping busy and active, and is clearly loving the work the class is putting her through.
Oh and bonus?
She is EXHAUSTED when we're done.
Pooped beyond belief.
Even running a couple of miles with this girl hasn't tired her out, but agility has.
I have real hopes of continuing until we can compete, and I have Wendi and Villa La Paws to thank for getting us started on this!
Thanks!

I always get my baby shaved here!
They aren't the best groomers but she loves it here, which is why I keep coming back!
I am so afraid that my dog isn't very social and I will have problems with her at the groomers!
But I have always had great updates with her, Sydney (dog) is such a sweetheart and she enjoys being around the other dogs for a few hours and no problems grooming her which makes me extatict!
She is such a hard dog and doesn't like anyone especially men so she always has a chick groomer.
I don't even have to ask anymore!
She loves the doggy interaction, it  makes her feel comfortable and me as well.
She always goes here and she will for life.
They are good to her and she's so happy after her doggy spa day!
A bit more pricy but extremely worth it and her hair grows back fast!!

I adopted a companion for my 6 year old pit mix from a local shelter.
She had food issues, and was terribly insecure.
I found puppy training and socialization classes with Wendy and it was unequivocally the best decision I ever made!
Every week they both go to doggy day care and love it!

I am ashamed to be so late in writing this review.
But I've written several scathing reviews of other businesses lately and I feel the need to even out the karma.
What better way to do that than to write a review of my favorite business of all time!
My standard poodle Charley, 6 years old, has been going to Paws since he was 6 months old.
'Paws' is his favorite word, and the smile on his face on the days he gets to go to Paws makes me happy all day long.
A dog will tell you if he was treated well, and Charley has without fail given this place 4 paws up!
Wendi helped me so much with Charley when he was younger and in puppy training classes and recall.
She taught me how to make this high energy dog who is probably smarter than me a reasonably respectable member of society.
Any failings on that score are mine, not Wendi's:) Now that they have this beautiful new indoor training facility, I hope to enroll in more classes next year.
Charley is groomed by Jane, who has always been beyond wonderful.
He tends to get some alarming skin growths that have to be removed from time to time.
Jane has pointed out several that I hadn't caught so that they could be removed before they became serious.
I am very grateful for this.
This dog is my baby and I am ridiculously attached to him.
I trust him to the staff at Paws without reservation.
If you are a real dog person like me, this is the place for you and your best friend.

I think my pup loves it here (kinda have to rely on her excited body language and tail wagging).
My pup has only come in for doggie daycare and grooming but I expect the boarding to be just as good!
The doggie-cam makes it easier to keep tabs on my quadrupedal friend during the day (because I'm kind of one of those crazy pet-women who cares too much about my dog's emotional well-being, etc) and also provides a entertaining break while I'm between patients.
The grooming staff is amazing!
Somehow they are able to transform my puppy from a spazzy furball into a smaller, more youthful and adorable version within a few hours (still spazzy but more tolerable).

There are so many things to say about this place.
But the following illustrates my best friends expense:  1.
From the moment we pull up in the car he is "yelping" and pawing to get in side to see his friends.
He literally drags me leash in hand inside.
I'm a little miffed there is never a tender look of "good-bye" or "I will miss you buddy" just a running yap to the party inside!
When I pick him up, it's hangover time.
He comes home and sleeps it off...
I'm not sure I'm not a little jealous that I don't have as fun of a place to go!

My dog loves going here for his grooming needs.
He has a blast and is always so beat when he gets home.

My two dogs LOVE LOVE LOVE going to Villa la Paws.
They always are willing to take my doggies on a last minute basis and even accommodated my step mom's cats in an emergency situation.
They are clean, efficient and animal loving.
I am SO glad we found them.
We have also used them for over nighters and my dogs always come home tired out from playing and swimming, and happy.
This place is the BEST!

My neighbor told me about this place and I am so glad she did!
You can tell this is a dog lover owned business :)  What I like best is that they are cage free so I can drop him off before work and pick him up after and I know he won't be stuck in a crate all day.
They do a great grooming job and are reasonably priced.
Easy to get into, flexible with drop off, highly recommended!

Finnegan has been going to Villa La Paws since he was about 3 months old and he just recently turned 3.
I'm not sure who loves this place more, me or him?
Everyone is always so friendly to both of us and we always feel so welcome there.
I have never had an issue with staff or operations of any sort.
Oh and I also get Finn groomed there, they are wonderful!
I honestly can't say enough about Villa La Laws and am so very thankful I have a place that I can trust to take Finn too.
It's most definitely his home away from home!
Thanks to all the wonderful staff there, Finn and I appreciate you all so much!

This place is great.
I recently took one of my dogs here for a teeth cleaning.
The doctor here uses a technique where they do not have to put the dog under anesthesia.
They wrap them in a blanket and then lay them in their lap and make them as comfortable as possible.
My dog didn't mind at all and after this treatment my dogs teeth look amazing!
Sparkly clean.
Also, I checked out the boarding and grooming areas and the dogs looked like they were having a blast.
Playing with each other and staff, sleeping, rolling around, etc.
If I had to board my dogs this would be my first choice place.

My dog JC has been going to Villa la Paws since 2010 and she loves it!
Daycare, slumber parties and grooming - they do it all!
JC frequently gets groomed at Villa la Paws - they are absolutely the best!
I won't take JC anywhere else.
JC has celebrated her last 3 birthdays at Villa la Paws.
The staff are just so incredible!
They are patient, fun, loving, kind and yet firm when they need to be.
They make such a big deal when JC comes in that I just always leave feeling so confident that she is in the best hands!
Best part?
Especially if you're worried about leaving your fur kid for several days?
They have live cams!
Yep, all you have to do is go on the website or, wait for it, there's an app for it!
I frequently check on JC using my iPhone or iPad app - it's so awesome!
Thank you Villa la Paws!

We have been going here for years and love it - and so do our dogs!
They take great care of our two Jack Russell terriers.
We do daycare, boarding and grooming and always feel confident that they're well taken care of.
We recommend Paws to all of our friends whenever they are looking for overnight care for their dogs.

We've been taking our 2 dogs, Sunny and Patches, to Villa La Paws for almost 4 years now and they love it.
At home, if we just bring up the word, "daycare," our 2 pups get uber excited and are ready to head out to play with their doggy friends and the care takers.
We can tell they enjoy it because they excitedly go towards the caretakers when we get there.
Also, I love that when we do kennel them, they aren't stuck in cages.
Instead they are free to roam and have their own beds.
I also like the web cams so we can see them at any time.

My dog, Kasey, loves coming to Villa la Paws for daycare!
Whenever I drop her off, she is always super excited to see the staff and other dogs.
I've also used Villa la Paws for boarding and grooming and are equally pleased with those services.
Kasey has tried several other daycares around Scottsdale but this one is definitely the best!
The biggest pluses for me as a pet parent is the totally cage-free environment, webcams that I can access 24/7 on my computer or smartphone, great hours, and the fact that my dog gets to spend time in both outside and inside play yards.
On yeah, and the pricing is very competitive as well!
Additionally, I've noticed a positive difference in her behavior-she used to be very shy around strangers and other dogs but now she is way more trusting and outgoing!
If you're looking for a unique, quality, safe, fun facility with a very knowledgable staff then this is the place for you and your pup!

I recently started working away from home and needed to find a place where Bongo could play.
He has always had play mates but in the recent past  they have all moved away.
An employee at Knight Transportation recommended that I visit Villa Law Paws which is located right off the 51 on my way to and from work.
I called them and they allowed me to bring him in during the busy Fourth of July weekend for an assessment.
He passed and was able to stay up to 6 hours for free!
We went to dinner and picked him up three hours later.
He was unharmed and very tired.
I am pleased with the customer service and the straight forward pricing.
I am looking forward to trying out their salon for his hair cut in a few weeks.
One stop for all his needs!
I love that I can watch him play while I am at work!

Great place!!!
I have been taking my two dogs here for the last 4 years!
We always see Jane for grooming!
We have not yet tried their boarding services but will in the future when we need it.
Jane is so amazing with our kids (pups) and she really makes you feel at ease.
She takes time to learn their personalities, always asks us what we like and we have never had an issue with their cuts or experience!
I was a little neverous bringing our small dogs to a cage free grooming with other large dogs out, but they have never had any issues and tend to make a lot of friends.
Jane also reassured us, in the beginning that if she needs to cage up a pup for any reason she will but it's a wonderful environment.
So if you have small dogs do not worry!

