Super professional, beautiful setting, tools are taken out of the sterile packaging right in front of you.
They offer a top notch manicure and I would not go anywhere else when I'm in the area.

La Femme is a friendly establishment with a very accommodating staff.
They have great prices and can almost always take walk ins.
They also now offer the OPI Soak Off Gel Color.
This product is a gel overlay that is very thin and offered in several OPI classic colors.
It lasts two weeks so your manicure is clean and chip free.

Always available to take a walk in.
Very nice staff and really good pedi.
I've had 2 there and both were great but the last one was incredible.
Competively priced.
I'll absolutely make this one of my regular places,

La femme salon is very clean and friendly service.
My favorite, Kay is awesome.
I get OPI gel nails($35) and they still look good after 3weeks.
OPI gel nails are good if you want your natural nails just polished.
I keep my nails short and get the French look.
Stays on for weeks and still looks shiny.
And when u want it removed, get a pedi while it gets soaked off.
YEAH!!
Posted pictures of colors they have....

Found this place thanks to fellow Yelpers!
I am in the area maybe once a month and was looking for a nail salon.
When I saw they had the OPI Soak Off Gel, I was sold!
I have been wanting to try this.
I had a basic spa pedicure and it was great.
My tech took his time and I got a great foot massage.
The chairs were awesome too!
The OPI gel color looks awesome on my fingers.
I am already happy because I am notorious for chipping my polish hours after leaving the salon, and its been four days and it looks great!
I am hoping it lasts until I am there again in a few weeks.
I just wish they had the new holiday colors available in the gel, but oh well.
Very friendly and reasonable prices.
I paid $50 for the pedicure and the OPI soak-off gel manicure.

Been there 3 times now, and it's my new favorite!
Ryan does an amazing job, and is the most meticulous nail tech I've ever had (nobody's even close, so I always have an appointment with him...never tried anyone else at LaFemme).
It's well worth the 25-min drive for me.
I probably pass 20 other nail salons on my way there.
My suggestion: once you go OPI soak-off gel, you never go back.
They last beautifully for 2.5 - 3 weeks, and are an amazing value ($30 + tip for non-French / $35 + tip for French).
And, I second a couple other reviews that the pedi during 10-20min soak-off is the best.

I LOVE this place!!
I have been to quite a few places in Vegas and Henderson.
I recently moved from Oregon and have been looking for a clean inexpensive place and this is it!
They are always pleasant and friendly.
The foot massage that your receive is about the best I have ever had.
I highly reccomend La Femme to anyone that asks.

Moving to Las Vegas from San Diego, CA was a bit stressful and I wasn't sure I'd find a nail salon to do my "pink and white" nails.
I was pleasantly surprised when I read that La Femme did this well.
I made an appointment and Devon (I believe that was his name) did my nails.
They are absolutely beautiful and he did a superb job!
I will definitely be back!

I'm torn on how to rate this place / experience.
For what it is, it's perfectly fine.
However, there are certainly far better pedicures to be had in Vegas.
Walking in, there is little about this place that is any different from the other strip mall nail salons around the country.
They have manicure stations, pedicure chairs, a wall of nail polish, and seats for waiting.
And the pedicure massage chairs are the same ones I've seen in most every strip mall nail place (which I personally find uncomfortable).
Hint: While walk-ins are welcome, avoid a potential wait by calling ahead and booking an appointment.
In the end, I think it just comes down to the old saying of "you get what you pay for".
For $25, it's a cheap pedicure.
But the products and instruments are also cheap.
And the end result, while ok, isn't all that great.
And there's no ambiance.
For me at least, it's pretty much impossible to relax in such an environment - and my pedicures are my relaxing time.
So personally, unless I'm in a time and money crunch, I'll be sticking to the pedicures at the casino spas.
However, I do need to give props for the foot and leg massage.
It was very well done and did feel great (now if only I could have had the relaxing atmosphere so I could have enjoyed it more).

This place was near where I live when I moved to Vegas last year.
I've gotten a variety of different services because it is so conveniently on my way home.
I'd have to say straight manicures and pedicures they are awesome!
But for acrylic they don't do a very high quality.
The gel chips off after about 10 days and there is lifting in about the same time.

This place is horrible !!!!!!!
If you want your friends Asian grandmother to do your toes and not really paint in between the lines , then by all means this is your spot ....
Offered no compinsation for the shitty pedicure I got !!
Won't go back !

I went here for the first time for a mani pedi walk in.
They were pretty busy but fit me in with little wait time.
My nails turned out great!
I will be back!

I have mixed opinions about this place.
The staff are always very nice, and the pedicures I get are usually pretty decent.
But I have made appointments here on a few occasions and then showed up and have been made to wait upwards of a half hour after my "appointment" time.
Very frustrating.

good.

Service is hit or miss.
Pretty typical of a small nail salon.
Shirley is fantastic..I'm not sure what to say about some of the other nail technicians..they've always done a consistent job with my manicures and pedicures but bad attitudes can definitely ruin the experience.

I have been going here for 4 years because Kay does an outstanding gel manicure & pedicure.
The manicure lasts over 3  weeks & the pedicure even longer.
I love it!

Best Gel Manicure in town!!
I've been here 3xs and let me tell you, I've walked away happy every time!!
My biggest pet peeve with Gel is that when I wash my hair it gets caught in the lifted part by the cuticle.. After 15 days not one of my nails were lifted from the cuticle.
I was just tired on my color and I wanted a new color.
They are really fast and friendly @ La Femme and I would highly suggest it to Yelpers or Friends.

Great job & friendly.
They do beautiful gels and the salon is clean.
I will visit them again for sure!

I have been here now a few times and love this place!
Ann is really sweet.
I have gotten a full new set and eyebrow and lip wax a few times.
Much better than Paradise Nail on W Horizon as Cindy is snippy with you if you only want wax and are not doing your nails..... three times.... she told Me I am busy!
come back later or tomorrow.
So, I decided to stop going there and I am so glad that I did!
This place is very clean and they do a very good job!

If you get a pedicure, the deluxe spa for $40 is worth the extra few dollars :) They work on you almost an hour.
My feet felt awesome afterwards.
Tom was really good and a really nice goy.
He takes his time and did an awesome job.

Two thumbs up!

Love coming here.
Ryan or Kay are my favorite nail peeps.
Ryan is very quick with doing my gel, and always does the glitter extra sparkley :) Kay is sweet and always remembers the clients.
Super clean salon, and the pedi chairs are awesome!
They deserve good tips, because they all go the extra mile.

Attentive, very gentle and extremely relaxing..
I did not feel rushed at all, even though they were very busy.
Great value for the money- I got the deluxe spa pedi for $40 and it was a full hour of awesome!
Plus, their massage chairs are great.

I've been going to La Femme for a couple of years now and have to say that they are the best in Las Vegas/Henderson.
The owner and all of his employees are full of personality and  do an excellent job.
With the addition of new massage chairs and beautiful chandeliers, the atmosphere is spa like and you never want to leave!
I love getting a pedicure/gel manicure while watching the Travel Channel :)  Their prices are reasonable and its well worth the trip from anywhere in the valley.
I tried others and they failed miserably!

They are so nice here.
To be honest I expected the contrary when I read sign out front teasing everyone to come in with a cheap price.
Growing up all the best value places were always slammed and could charge what they wanted.
Anyway, I woulda given 4 stars if they hadn't run out of this color I have been addicted to.
Very clean too.

I love La Femme...Great customer service & ambiance!
Been going for years.
Love all the nail artists, Kay, Ryan, Lisa, Tommy...really you can't go wrong with any of them.

Tuan (Tom) is the most meticulous nail technician.
He is a perfectionist and he's super nice.
The service here is spectacular.
I stop here every time I visit Las Vegas.

I live in Ca but when we visit vegas I love to come to la femme and have tom do the deluxe pedicure.
Mango, sea salt, then a mint scrub.
Amazing that a half hour later after my pedicure is long done my legs and feet still are tingly cool.
This guy has it down.
It's my favorite place in the country to get a pedicure!

First pedicure in two forevers.
The lady working my dogs put in Yeoman'a work.
I got the sea scrub pedi.
My uncultured lower extremities didn't know what hit them.
I usually feel pretty goofy with the post pedi massage thing but this sea scrub thing is the bomb.
Highly recommend you give it a try.
Wifey dragged me along.
(Happens a lot).
We peeped the Yelp reviews before we walked through the door.
Reviews were on point.
Highly recommend.
I've had pedis from Washington to Massachusetts.
None better.
If you can get Lisa, get Lisa.
I'm sure everyone else is good.
I KNOW that Lisa brings the skizzles.
Period.

Great nail place!
Polish and gel lasts forever!
Lisa is the best in there and does the best designs!!!
Always very busy so make an appointment!

