MotoXpress is a godsend.
I'm in the middle of a very disturbing situation with a tenant and Julius and MotoXpress have been amazing!!!
I put in my first service call to them at 9:30 p.m. on Friday night and by 10:30pm the locks were being changed.
AND.. MotoXpress only charges $39 for a service call (NO EXTRA fees, NO after hours fees, NO weekend surcharge).
The total cost was $67 service call and two locks.
(A well known competitor was going to charge over $140 for same service).
Unfortunately, I had to call MotoXpress again on Monday evening.
Same thing-- Julius arrived within 30 minutes of my placing the call.
He had an opportunity to take advantage of the situation-- locks needed to changed, etc.
but.. instead he offered me a safer (and cheaper) alternative to rekeying the locks.
I was a mess when he came on Monday-- crying, upset, had spent 2 hours prior with Metro filling out burglary charges-- but Julius was very professional and did not leave until he PROVED to me that my home was secure.
I cannot thank this company enough for providing such great service at such an affordable rate and a great gratitude to Julius for his professionalism and going above and beyond what his job title responsibilities are.
I want to let everyone know what a GREAT and FABULOUS company this is-- with this economy, I want to make sure they stay in business for years to come-- they have me as a lifetime customer now.
You will NOT be disappointed with them!

Technician was prompt, very knowledgeable, and had the re-keying of my house done in short order.
Price was very reasonable.
Would definitely use their services again.

Brought two keys over to get cut/programmed for my new car.
Both times the experience has been great!
WOuld recommend to others.

We are so happy that we found Moto Xpress because now we know an honest locksmith in town.
My dad owns a smoke shop and when he went to open the store this morning, he noticed that something was inside his lock - it looked like someone tried to pick the lock and whatever they used broke off inside and he was unable to stick his key inside to unlock the door.
He initially called Vortex Doors (Vortex Industries) Inc. because they had gone around the plaza before, handing out stickers.
That was the only phone number he had for a locksmith, so he called to get a quote.
They told him it would be $177 for the service call and $59 for each additional half hour that they spent there.
He was so taken aback by it, and he called me and my husband to find another, much more reasonable locksmith.
My husband made a couple of phone calls to different companies.
One company was very rude and the call dropped right before we were able to get a quote.
Another company's phone system constantly kept re-routing our call to 3 different people and we were never able to even ask for a quote or tell them our problem.
The third company we talked to (one whose wrapped vans we always see around town), the receptionist got all of our information and then told us that she would have a locksmith call us with the quote.
It took him SO long to call us that by the time he called, we already had another locksmith at our location.
While we were waiting on the third company to call my dad, my husband called Moto Xpress.
The receptionist there was very helpful and she gave us a quote herself - $49 service call fee and $20-60 for the lock.
However, she said it would take about an hour to 1.5 hours for the technician to get to my dad.
My dad decided to go with Moto Xpress just because of pricing, but we still expressed our appreciation if they would be able to get there sooner because my dad was unable to open the store and was losing customers.
The technician, Jason, took MUCH less than 1-1.5 hours to get to my dad - it was more like 20 minutes.
There was a customer waiting with my dad when Jason got there, and when my dad asked for him to please open the store so he could sell to the customer, Jason got the lock out very quickly and opened the door for my dad (after verification that he was the store owner, of course).
The entire lock replacement took only about 15-20 minutes, and it cost $106 total, which is less than just the service call Vortex was going to charge.
We are so pleased with Moto Xpress' service and pricing that we know exactly who to call if we ever have any issues like this again.
Thanks Moto Xpress!

I just moved into town, and needed to make copies of my house/mailbox keys.
I looked up nearest locksmith's and found this little place right besides "Pasta China" restaurant (same plaza).
The women in the front desk was super nice and the Technician was swift on making copies on my keys.
The price was very cheap.
Literally like 3 days later, I locked myself out of my office room at home.
I gave them a call and they showed up in less than an hour!
"Jason" was the locksmith's name, and he charged me $70 for fixing the problem and making two new spare keys for the office room.
Very professional and fast service.
I would recommend these guys to anyone in the area.

Lost keys to my work truck called Moto xpress and they were there with in the hour making me a new one for prices well with in my budget and saved me from having to have the truck towed thanks Moto

Needed a key made for my car.they had very fast and great service!
After that I had them rekeying my whole house.
Great customer service!!

Moto Xpress was a life saver!
I had lost my only key to my car and was quoted $300 at the dealership because they lied and said I needed a special key that needed programming or it wouldn't start the car.
I did some research online and found out that was a lie and started calling locksmiths.
I called another locksmith and was quoted $250 for a regular key for my car.
Next I called Moto Xpress and was quoted just $150 minus 10% for mentioning yelp..so only $135 compared to the other locksmith trying to get $250.
He also made it very clear that the price he quoted was firm and there are NO HIDDEN CHARGES.
I have heard many horror stories about prices being jacked up when the work was done.
The technician was very professional and kept in contact with me letting me know exactly when he would arrive.
The key works great and I am a very satisfied customer.
I will definitely use Moto Xpress for any future locksmith needs!

Ok, so NO ONE ever plans to lock their keys in the car.
I got out of the car and dropped some papers, when I went to pick them up I just threw my purse on the front seat and shut the door.
Bummer, well I called Moto and the person that answered the phone was very friendly.
Even though the tech that came out was wham, bam, thank you mama, because he had my door open in about a minute.
He was very nice and I was thankful that I had my keys in time to pick my kids up from school.

