Got great value through priceline for a casita suite.
Couple of excellent televisions, very clean, soft sheets and four huge fluffy pillows per bed.
Kitchenette.
Super quiet.
At this price point, Cottonwood was a terrific spot for a work trip.
The Moriah restaurant served up really solid breakfasts.
In-room internet was ethernet-based and fast (I've stayed at hotels where wireless was spotty).
Weren't many folks staying there mid-week.

We got this hotel for HALF the price of La Quinta.
Judged on its own, some of the tiling and grout seemed really old, and their pools and spa were closed due to some new AZ law.
However, the bed was VERY comfy, and even with an added eleven dollar resort fee in order to get internet and other things, I felt the hotel was still a great value.
It even has two sinks!

Loved the desert decor of the hotel and the suite itself.
The beds were super comfy and well insulated from any sounds from outside.
There is free wifi and two water bottles to take (well not technically free as there is a $15 resort fee).
There is also a one mile walking trail surrounding the property which is nice if the weather permits.
Also, the maids never bothered us in the morning which happened at other places we stayed at on our road trip.

I booked this "resort" off hotwire.com I got a great deal for $38 a night but when you added a $15 resort fee daily and taxes and fess it ended up being around $70 a night which is still a great deal but you don't expect all that when you are trying to save money, hence using Hotwire.
You do get free wired internet and some discounts and a free USA today with the resort fee.
Anyway, The grounds were huge, the suites were decent, the decor was outdated but they kept it nice.
They are casitas basically so it feels like an apartment.
There are hammocks all over the grounds to lay on in the summer sun  =) Service was decent.
The two things that shocked me is the pool was completely empty at night with trash and towels everywhere for 2 nights and no one ever picked it up and they try to slip in extra charges so watch your bill.
The resort is 5 minutes from downtown scottsdale where there is lots to do.
Overall decent experience.

Look I've been coming here for 4 years when this was the Renaissance by Marriot.
Now all of a sudden they are charging this bogus $15 resort fee which started in Oct. 2009.
This fee is bunk, a newspaper (who reads newspapers anymore), low budget water (Arrowhead, gross) and free internet service (I have a wifi card no thanks)...I requested a 7 day advance rate and they guaranteed the charges for the 3-day was complete with room, tax, and resort fee...guess not...also someone should probably tell their front desk staff that their central reservation department books through a system called "Travel Click"...I called and when I talked to the front desk they told me that I booked through a website called Travel Click...hello that's your central reservation departments' software...unbelievable...Love the pool and quaint casitas but their customer service is definitely sub-par and the cleaniness is atrocious (we found a cockroach in our bed)...that's probably why they don't hold the Marriot designation anymore...

It's six months later and I'm STILL traumatized...
I shudder and snarl every single time I drive past it... Based on what I know to be the definition of "resort," they should absolutely change the name of this place.
I should have known something was awry when I was standing in the lobby to check in and the phone was just ringing.
Over and over and over and over again while the person behind the desk ignored it.
You couldn't at least answer and ask, "Can I please place you on hold?
" Common courtesy, yes?
That should have tipped me off... (Less than an hour later, I was on the other end of that equation, holding a filthy receiver near my ear, looking for hand sanitizer, waiting anxiously for someone to finally pick up.
)  After providing my ID, cc, etc... to check in, the woman (amiable enough) handed me keys and a MAP of the "resort.
" I had quite a bit of luggage as well as my not-a-lapdog dog (and her crate) with me, so I asked if there was a bellman who might be able to help me.
"Sure," the clerk said.
"Pull your car up to the entrance and he'll be out.
" So I did as she instructed and waited for help.
After 10+ minutes, nobody ever came and she never came out to tell me what was going on, to apologize, etc...
Tired and just wanting to get dinner and rest, I decided to do it myself.
Thankfully, I had only grabbed my dog and a few small bags when I made the first lonnnng, winding trek from the parking lot to my room.
I have to say the grounds were quite nice and I was hopeful.
But I could not believe my eyes when I opened the door of my "casita" (in this case, translated to "little house ready to be razed").
The odor that smacked me in the face (and my pup in the snout) was a combination of rank, stale and mold.
The carpet was filthy.
So filthy, in fact, that I wouldn't put my dog's toys on it, and my dog (like most) is gross and does odd things with her mouth.
That should tell you how dirty the carpet was.
The tile in the wet bar area and the bathroom was dirty as well.
There were stains here, hair there, and dirt and grime everywhere.
There was NO way that I was going to be able to go barefoot, sleep or eat in there.
I couldn't even imagine showering in that bathroom, fearing what might become of me if the shower curtain from hell touched me.
I immediately pulled out my laptop so I could look up another place to stay.
However, there were no visible networks.
I called the front desk to figure out what was going on and (when someone finally answered) I was informed that they don't have wireless internet.
What the...?
I told her I would not sleep in that room, no way, no how... What did she do?
Chuckle!
I think she was chuckling because she knew those "casitas" are in awful condition.
Thankfully, I booked it through a third-party so I was able to switch hotels without too much trouble.
The woman at the front desk of the hotel told me that I would have NOT been able to get any sort of refund if I had booked the room directly with them.
Yeah, that would have been a problem...
In short: It.
Was.
Terrible!
I wouldn't recommend this hotel to an enemy, let alone a friend.
Avoid at all costs!

Summertime in Phoenix means resort deals everywhere you go, but if you're not careful you might end up spending a whole heck of a lot more than the bargain you "thought" you were getting...especially if your stay extends past two nights.
This is the problem I ran into when I was faced with a resort stay for well over a week.
I looked everywhere for one that wouldn't break my bank and in a ghetto-free area so I didn't put my life on the line every time I left my room.
Enter Cottonwoods.
I came across some smokin' summer deals for around $59 a night.
I knew the location and for that price in that location, I figured it was worth a try.
I arrived at Cottonwoods and the feeling was homey and nice.
It's not brand spankin' new, but it's clean and well-kept and more like an old Phoenix-style resort.
When I arrived, they upgraded me to a suite casita that had a front porch, private backyard patio with its own jacuzzi and a large casita with a living room and huge bedroom.
And remember, this was all for $59 a night!
They were also dog-friendly, which was a plus for me.
I stayed for a week and they really made me feel at home.
Now, don't expect this to be your five star dream resort, but for its location and price, it is a darn-good resort.
The grounds are equipped with a private desert running track, croquet, a huge swimming pool, pool games like darts, tennis courts, nice size rooms and a restaurant.
The hotel is also in the Borgata's backyard so you can step outside and walk over to Blanco Taco or Trader Joes.
Not bad, right?
So, if you are looking for a resort in Old Town this summer at a reasonable price with all the nice-weather amenities you expect, give Cottonwoods a chance.
It's family-friendly and you won't be stuck in a 2 by 2 room with a hotel pool that looks like you've entered spring break.
I've also been here for an event and the meeting/event space is large and in charge, so keep that in mind!

My buddy and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights this past week and it was meh....
The good- Priceline.com $25 a night plus tax.
Total came out to about $90 bucks.
-Centrally located.
-Spacious grounds which were kept up pretty nice.
-Fridge in the room and free waters every day.
The bad- $15 resort fee per night automatically tacked on!
Lame!
It did cover wired internet though so it made it a little less weak.
-Laying in the bed, rolled over to grab the remote and there was a GIGANTIC cockroach on the floor.
I had to move the bed out and basically chase him before I could deliver my size 12 to his head.
Freaking disgusting and kept me uneasy the whole time there wondering if anymore would show up.
The beds were pretty comfy.
The front desk staff while checking in was indifferent, but the lady I talked to while checking out was super nice.
The hotel after resort fees and stuff like that averaged out to about $40 a night.
That cockroach absolutely killed the stay though.
I never felt comfortable in the room after that and that is why I'm giving this 2 stars.

The room prices are cheap, but be careful because there is a $15 per night "resort fee" and then they add tax to the resort fee!
The fee covers wired internet in the room and wifi in the courtyard area.
It covers a bunch of other things that you would expect to be free.
The coolest thing included in the fee is that it includes "Town Car Service.
"  The hotel has a Lincoln Town Car and if you need to go somewhere within 3 miles, they will chauffeur you there in the Town Car.
This place is a bit old.
Some of the fixtures in the room are old and outdated.
But everything worked fine.
Stayed here 2 times with 2 very different experiences.
First time, everything was perfect.
I had no complaints.
Absolutely perfect.
Second time, the room stank like cigarettes and the P-trap in the wet bar wasn't hooked up correctly, leading to a bunch of water spilling all over the kitchenette area.
I complained about both and they corrected both issues, however did not offer me anything for my troubles :(  I pretty much hungout at the pool most of the time.
Pool is open until midnight and it was empty most of the weekend.
The guy at the pool bar makes some pretty good drinks.
The girl at the pool bar...not so much.
Her drinks sucked.
Overall, it's a nice, relaxing place and I would definitely stay there at least 1 more time to see what type of experience I have.

Planned to attend a conference in Scottsdale and found a great deal on Hotels.com for this hotel.
It was located relatively close to where the conference was being held, so I booked it.
Here's a breakdown of my experience at this hotel:  - Hotel Room....the hotel had to have been built in the 70's or before because the design is very old.
My room had a small pseudo-kichenette area (coffee maker, sink, & small fridge).
The bed was very comfortable and the comforter was sooo soft.
It had a small TV and desk and a temperature controlled thermostat.
The bathroom was small and the lines in the bathroom weren't too soft.
The other note about the hotel rooms is that they are in separate buildings spread out all over the hotel property.
If you are staying here during the hot months, I recommend that you request a room that has a door that does not face East....why?
Because the doors are piping hot from the sun and when you try to open the door, your hand will get burned.
(see pics for outdoor shot)  I burned my hand a few times opening/closing the door.
- Service....my interaction with the hotel staff was limited to the front desk only as I didn't use room service or any other service.
The front desk was very friendly and the check in process was quick and easy.
- Keep in mind that they have a $10 per day Resort Fee, which includes a number of amenities....I posted a couple of pics of the details listing all of the amenities you get for the $10.
I only used the FREE Internet and 2 FREE Bottled Waters per day.
- There are Tennis Courts that looked really nice, but I didn't play.
The property is in need of a renovation in my opinion, but for the value it's not bad.
Will I return?
I will consider it....depends on the rates around the area.
Complete review

I don't know why Cottonwoods has such a low rating!
The simple equation of affordability + amenities yielded 5 stars easily.
I was coming to Tempe for a concert and this place was one of two that I could get for under $100 a night (the other being a boring airport motel) and I called everywhere.
In fact, Cottonwoods was the cheapest at $65/night total and was worth so much more!
I would have gladly paid much more for what I received.
I checked in at midnight, and the staff was excellent.
As I pulled up around back, as the resort rests on several centrally located acres, I was greeted by frolicking bunnies and the distant howl of coyotes.
Then I got to the room, and let me tell you, the idea of the casita is lovely.
Importantly, there are comfy beds, a mini fridge, and central air .
There are also two entrances to your private studio, a front and back.
This is where I understand the concern of cleanliness- a june bug promptly flew inside when I opened the backdoor, but how could you expect wildlife not to enter the room given the desert location?
Cleanliness was not beyond reason!
Then the morning came, along with the sounds of the local aviary population.
I opened both doors to feel the grandeur of the Sonoran Desert.
The views from the sunlit room were astounding.
The cactus garden was in full bloom and the tops of rocky ledges were clearly visible.
The resort itself has two pools and at the main one, you can get free chips and salsa- great for a summer snack by the pool.
There are also hammocks at every corner, fountains, a tennis court, free wi-fi in lobby, shuffleboard... All for $65!
Checkout was great.
They even allowed for a late 1PM checkout at no additional fee.
Bottom line, at such a price, there really are no cons to list.

Stayed here for two nights because of a wedding I was working.
The front check in area looked great, as well as the exterior landscaping.
The rooms were kind of moldy smelling and really in need of renovations.
The bed had comfortable bedding, but the bed frame itself felt like it was going to fall apart.
It was close to everything I needed to get around to, but I don't know if I would stay here again next time.

Found this place comfortable enough but there were a few things in the room that didn't work (fan in bathroom and gfci, dangerous!).
What really bothered me was that we purchased the room on priceline and then when we arrive with a prepaid room we have to pay a $15/night resort fee.
Totally, unscrupulous pricing.
The fee offered nothing that similarly price hotels offer as part of the room rate.

I'm a fan of this resort.
Friendly people, good value, nice pool and having free water and internet (even though it is wired) is really nice since I was using this trip for dual purpose.
My son and his friend went to 3 different golf courses (all great central location) and I worked from the hotel during the day.
It was comfortable - was able to use the little patio out front of the room or the desk as a mini office.
I wish they were able to keep the use of the personal hot tubs in the suite I stayed.
I guess they've come under some regulation for this so they've closed all of them - it would have been awesome to have use of that in my back patio!
The room needs a little renovation, but it is clean and spacious.
What mattered to me for this trip.

We arrived about 3 hours before check-in (4pm), which I agree is a bit early to get there, but what can we say, it was a desirable flight time.
I think 4pm is a little bit late for check in, most places are 3pm and you can get in around 2.
They offered that we could go out to the pool, but lets be real, Scottsdale in August (117 degrees outside) does not exactly scream lets go to the pool where the water is a refreshing 90 degrees!
So we asked if there was a room we could upgrade to that would be available ASAP, and the girl at the desk tells us that we are getting the only king bed available in the whole resort as it was.
REALLY?!?
So we finally get checked in at 3:45 and head over to our room which was extremely spacious and nice and cool since the AC was at 75 degrees (I immediately cranked it down to its low end - 60 degrees) and threw our luggage in the closet.
I went to shower and the only light over the tub is a heat light!
Needless to say I opted to shave my legs in the dark.
On our second day there I realized there looked to be poop smeared on the back of our bathroom door.
It wasn't a huge streak, nor was it blatantly obvious, or I think I would have noticed it immediately, however, I'm not sure what else would be on the bottom part of the back of a bathroom door that is brown.
The room was cleaned every day and we even got fresh towels, even though I kept folding ours and leaving them on the rack.
We got twp bottles  of water every day which was nice.
My biggest complaint: we're paying a $15 per day per room "resort" fee and they can't even put blackout curtains on the door in the bedroom.
We had a nice jacuzzi out back, but it is now AZ state law that they can not have them filled and must keep the door that leads out to it locked because some girl drowned a few years back...
So the locked door has blinds on it, but it is still bright as noon in there right after sunrise.
Blackout curtains in the living room and on the windows in the bedroom, but NOT on the door?
UUUGGGGGHHHHHH!

This is NOT a 3 star hotel/resort.
It is a 2 at best.
The rooms smell musty, the interior and linens are not clean, and the entire place just looks worn out.
Maybe back in the day it was something more but not now.
The beds were lumpy and the linens were of questionable cleanliness which made me look for bed bugs - which there were none although there some type of small critter in the tub.
On the plus side, the Speakman shower heads are great as was the water pressure and hot water.
Still, not a place to which I will return.

Not impress.
The rooms is outdated.
The carpet are dirty.
No wifi.
Won't be staying here again

i love resorts.
i love being catered too and saying to all my other middle class friends, 'uhm, oh yes, we are going to (insert name of resort) for a social gathering/event/spa/overnight, etc'.
alas, i rarely get to do any of that, unless it's a work function, a birthday treat for my wife, or a career continuing ed class.
however, last night, our employer treated us to the annual christmas party at the cottonwoods.
the lobby is beautiful, with it's rustic southwest decor.
our function was in one of the convention halls.
it was decorated all holiday style and the staff service was friendly, unobtrusive, and prompt.

We went for a work holiday party and occupied one of their function rooms.
Staff was friendly but seemed a little sparse at times.
We had open bar for the first hour of the party, but with only one bartender.
I think two would have suited us better.
Inside they seemed to make up for this though as the wait staff was pretty attentive with clearing out table.
Our meal was buffet-style and since our employer knows that there are some vegetarians in the group they made sure to order up items that we could eat.
Actually, everything at the buffet table was vegetarian, and then they also had a carving station for meats.
If I'm reviewing a function hall-I try to separate the function itself.
So based on only the establishment, it was a pretty venue all in all, but our room was lackluster at best.
Typical room with gaudy carpet and wooden movable dance floor.
Bathrooms were old-looking and reminded me of any public restroom at an old mall.
Parking was ample.
Food was tasty though.
The salad was a nice mixture of greens and topped with cranberries and fresh shaved parmesan cheese.
The holiday sugar cookies and cheesecake were my favorite desserts.

Good location BUT beware...the pictures on the web are MUCH nicer than the resort.
Understaffed resort that looks like it was likely built as a time share resort in the 1980's.
Needs updating all the way around.
Good price  BUT don't forget ..."you get what you pay for".

Whoa, 1970's flashback!
The rooms are terribly out of date.
Think giant televisions, old old appliances in the kitchenettes (and our microwave was not clean  inside), outdated furnishings in general.
Also, the private hot tubs outside of the larger units are not in service.
They fail to mention this on the website.
Um, update that shit.
BUT, I still really enjoyed my stay here.
Why, you ask?
I will tell you:  // The most comfortable beds you will ever sleep in.
// A remarkably friendly front desk.
I arrived at 9am and check in isn't until 4pm.
They stowed my bags for me in their little bellhop room, and even gave me access to the Towncar service although I wasn't technically a guest yet.
// Speaking of...Towncar!
The bellman drove me to the Cholla trailhead at Camelback mountain, and even picked me up when I was done hiking.
For free.
// The pool area/hot tub is pretty nice.
I didn't order any drinks, but they do have a bar (no outside food or drink allowed - a rule I broke every visit to the pool.
Sorry).
The pool chairs are comfortable, and there are towels for you to use at the pool (though once they'd run out of them).
// The grounds of the resort are just lovely.
Though you'll be doing a lot of walking as they are quite spread out.
This becomes a challenge when you are drunk from the wedding you are coming home from.
// There is a Trader Joe's, Walgreen's, and Einsteins all within a 5 min walk.
I think I went to Trader Joe's every day of my stay.
Booze, snacks, fruit, yum.
The resort fee was waived for our group as we were in blocked rooms for a wedding, so I can't comment on that.
Also, I should mention that the sofa beds are terrible.
Just terrible.
I felt bad that anyone had to sleep on that.
The end.

What a heart breaker!
I will not stay here ever again.
After booking online and charging my credit card, they then hit you with a $15 a night resort fee!
The desk clerk just slid a receipt over to me to sign.
No mention of the "$15 a nigh resort fee".
Scum bag corporate theft!
I asked for a refund and she told me I could not due to booking on line.
Don't do business with Cottonwood.
There a many choices for hotels and reports in Scottsdale.
Stay at one on them.

After reading some of the negative reviews (both on yelp and elsewhere), I didn't know what to expect.
What I ended up with was a very pleasant stay, a great afternoon/evening at the pool, and a cozy night of work and rest--all at a really great rate.
Most of the other patrons I chatted with at the pool seemed to share my sentiment.
First, the digs:  My room was a little casita with a porch.
Inside, a simple desk, tv cabinet, beds, and night stand.
Not super roomy... but it did have a large bathroom that featured a large closet.
Amenities were simple: nice shampoo and conditioner and soap.
Not a lot much else, but that's okay with me.
The bed was really comfortable.
Not filled up with pillows to the point that you can't rest.
I ended up using the desk quite a bit, and that was comfortable for what it was--I can't imagine working there for 8 hours, but to do a little writing and emailing, it works just fine.
My room had plenty of updates except for the funky mini-fridge (the ones labeled "minibar").
Oh, Cottonwoods Resort, if you even decide to get rid of them, call me!
I'll take two.
I didn't get a suite, but the funky fridge had PLENTY of room.
The grounds:  Lots of cool cacti planted around a grassy area outside, and we even saw a little snake making it's way across the path.
The grounds are really beautiful, and I love the stringed lights they have up.
I'm sure for a party, they would be great.
At night, the pathways are a little hard to navigate because all the casitas look the same, but my second time back to my room, I had it figured out.
There are also hammocks located around the grounds for reading a book or stargazing.
Etc: Really nice reception when I arrived.
The ladies at the front desk were super helpful in providing directions, information, etc.
The bartender at the pool is REALLY cool and makes a very awesome margarita.
With the $15 resort fee, you actually get a lot more than a lot of other places I've stayed, including: an hour of bike rental for free, town car service, use of the business center, and things like internet, chips and salsa at the pool, etc.
I found the wifi to work pretty well, even in my room (I was in the low-200 block).
Also, parking is free.
I don't know if that's an issue in a place like Scottsdale, but I know a lot of places upcharge for it.
Cottonwoods Resort did not.
Overall, I would stay here again.
There was an issue with the room hold, but I got that worked out with the front desk.
The staff were really helpful and accommodating.
The resort is located very close to shopping, restaurants, coffee shops.
Parking is easy.
Wish I could have stayed a day or two longer.

I chose this resort because it was listed as a 5-star resort in my B of A credit card's rewards section.
I had thousands of B of A rewards points saved up, so I figured it was high time I took advantage of them... and happened to have a 4-day trip to Scottsdale coming up.
Where I went wrong was by not doing further research.
If I had reviewed other sites, such as this one, I would've avoided it and gladly paid more to stay somewhere else.
Tonight is my last night here--I check out tomorrow morning--and I can't wait to leave.
As I set here, I'm sleep-deprived and covered in mysterious bug bites.
THE GOOD  - The staff is friendly and helpful.
The young lady who checked me in was pleasant and courteous.
The front desk sent housekeeping to remove the pink silly-string from my ceiling (she joked with me that they had found this in other units as well).
However, these are baseline customer service requirements.
I consider this is "the bar"--the minimum level I would expect from any reputable establishment that isn't a dive.
- Location.
Close proximity to everything you could want... food, fun, etc.
- Price isn't bad at all, but you get what you pay for.
THE BAD:  - Bugs in, on, and around the beds.
Possibly bed bugs?
At first, I ignored them--thinking that 1 or 2 bugs was no big deal.
But by my 3rd night (tonight), I've realized it's more of an infestation.
Watch long enough, and you'll see the little guys scurrying across the white comforters.
When I pulled out my night stand, I saw 3-4 scurry away from the light.
I've realized they're all throughout the beds... behind headboards, in the mattresses, etc.
I now have an explanation for the half-dozen or so itchy bites on my body.
I have to go to sleep here in the next hour, and I'm dreading it.
I can't wait to be done with this nightmare.
- This place is obviously "older," and this shows in many ways.
Additionally, it doesn't appear that any attempts have been made to renovate or update.
- The furniture in my unit is old, stained, and the cushions are compressed and sagging.
- The carpet is old, stained, and torn at the edges.
- My 2nd day (Saturday), I had my "DnD" sign out all day, because I didn't need room service and wanted to take a nap.
So, room service actually CALLS ME and wakes me up... basically asking "Do you REALLY mean you don't want to be disturbed, or would you mind if we come clean anyway?
" Are you serious!?
So much for my nap.
This was a mistake--the most unpleasant aspect of my visit to Scottsdale.
My trip would've been perfect if I'd just stayed somewhere else.
I can not and would not recommend this "resort" to anyone.

Holy Matlock - it's like checking into a retirement community!
Your enjoyment of this place will depend on your age bracket and what you paid per night.
Over 55 and under $150?
You'll love it.
I'm not knocking the place but adjust your expectations as follows:  *The website bills this place as a "premier luxury resort".
Uhhh..no.
It's a "premier luxury" resort in the same way a Mariott Courtyard is, which is to say, it's better then a Days Inn.
*The people that work here are SUPER nice.
*There is shuffleboard, a putting green and lots of people wearing visors and using golf carts to get around *My room was clean, big and the carpet had been replaced in recent memory.
The couch however, was PLAYED OUT.
*Great showers, ok beds *Super loud plumbing, thin walls and the awful loud AC don't make this a place for great rest, despite the tranquil setting.
Updates are needed.
*Depending on where your casita is, you could have a long, long walk from the parking lot.
*There are several decent restaurants and a Trader Joes within a 10 minute walk *Don't whine about the "resort fee" - every place here has one.
My room did have free wireless, so I guess that's something.
This is an older resort and could stand some updating so don't expect the Canyon Ranch Spa, especially considering the relatively affordable price point.
I like to think it's the kind of place Mr & Mrs Roper from Three's Company would have gone for some R&R back in the day.

This place was horrid.
My husband and I got a deal to stay here back in April 2012 for our anniversary.
(it was also our 1st night ways since the birth of our daughter) It was in a good area surrounded by nice resorts.
The pictures on their web site were misleading and not at all what the rooms or grounds were actually.
After arriving we found our room at the very back of the grounds which was a plus with the privacy.
The hammocks were nice and relaxing.
The room it's self was large but stuffy and dusty.
There was dirt and cob webs on the walls.
It was definitely uncomfortable.
The beds even seemed dirty and thry were very uncomfortable.
We decided to go to the pool to get a couple drinks and enjoy the sun.
It was getting late so we were limited on time for sun.
I choose the only area where the sun was still shining while my husband stood at the bar waiting on a staff member to assist him.
After about 10min he gave up 5 min later a staff member appeared however did not serve us, or acknolwde we were there.
Instead he began straitening pool chairs and then told us we would have to move our chairs to one of the shadier spots.
I was confused by this however the staff member made it clear it's not his problem.
The staff was not hospitable.
I was appalled.
We left and got ready to go out to a nice bar in the area to get drinks and appetizers as they do not have an active bar/resturant on the grounds.
we also dropped our car off and tried to use their service that will take you to your destination however after waiting 45min wait we just called a cab.
(this was a weekday, not even a weekend) the staff didn't apologize or give any explanation.
This was a disappointing night out (we left early as it was not worth another night)

Old, desperately in need of repairs and renovations.
Cracked sink bowl in the bathroom, blood stain on a fresh towel, sticky floors,  decor straight from 1980, old tv, nothing is good about this place.
It reminds me of an old worn out college apartment.
There are so many hotels in the area, do yourself a favor and stay anywhere but here.

I checked in and gave them my ID and Credit card.
I booked 2 nights.
When I came back from work, they locked out my room saying I only booked for one night.
Come to find out, they mixed up my reservation with another guest and all the while, my room was under a different name.
Careless mistake that's so hard for them to admit until I forced it out of their mouths.
I did not get an apology for their carelessness.
Avoid this place!
Not recommended!

This place has gone down hill, this was my 3rd visit and my last.
I have nicer towels for my car and a little bleach wouldn't hurt.
The receptionist Heather was the least helpful person I've come across.
The saving grace was Bryce, nice guy, super helpful.

Cottonwoods Resort is spread out over 25 acres.
Parking is FREE but the parking lots are a distance from the rooms.
The grounds are well maintained from a landscaping perspective however there is some deferred maintenance (painting, plaster peeling) that if performed could improve the slightly worn look of the resort.
The rooms are huge for today's standard, all with private outdoor space which I really enjoyed.
The rooms were clean, the beds were of good quality... linens and bathroom amenities were just fine.
The upholstered furniture in the rooms looks like they should have been replaced a good year ago... the TV's are old style thick units in armoires.
Internet service was great.
The pool was awesome.
They have two... one mega large one with incredible in ground spa and one smaller residential one with another in ground spa.
The larger pool had an outside bar and was staffed.
The Youngman working the bar also kept the pool area clean which really added greatly to the experience.
He made great drinks and snacks at the bar.
Pool towels were supplied.
The pool was heated and best of all were the pool hours 6AM to Midnight!!!
The staff was pleasant, business center worked fine and the location is the best... so close to everything Scottsdale has to offer.
The rates at this property are really value priced considering all the good the resort has to offer.
If you can deal with the lack of touch up painting (inside & out), slightly worn furniture and  drapes that have seen better days.... this place is great.
They're PET friendly... especially to the rabbit population that calls the resort home.
They have a resort fee... which always annoys me..... JUST CHARGE ME A FAIR RATE THAT INCLUDES EVERYTHING!!!
However that practice is industry standard and this fee for this hotel is pretty low at $15.
I had a great time and would definitely stay here again.

This is a nice enough hotel and extremely convenient to a number of bars and restaurants - walking distance for many.
The rooms are clean and comfortable, but the decor is fairly dated.
There are minimal food/drink options on the property itself but the limited poolside menu wasn't bad.
However, and the reason for the one star, is the horde of pre-teen boys staying here for a baseball tournament.
They pretty much terrorized the place all weekend and their parents/guardians did nothing to contain them.
We had a room close to the pool and could hear them screaming all afternoon - even inside with the AC on.
Other friends had a room near a large grassy area and they were playing outside their room all afternoon ... more screaming.
We left and went to Blanco's for a drink.
While we loved the location, not sure we'd come back if this is who they cater to.

Please know, we didn't actually stay at this hotel, but the review is for a wedding we recently had there.
We found them in a wedding directory last year during our stay from out of state, and the picture of the grounds caught out eye.
We immidiatly called, and spoke to Andrea Walls, who was so gracious in meeting all of our needs.
She immidiatly asked what we were looking to do, how much we wanted to spend, and was available to meet us right away when we were able to come check it out.
She made sure that she didnt miss a detail while we were there, so we knew all of our options, and what was available for our use.
During the course of the following year planning out everything, she was always available to answer questions, phone calls, emails, everything.
She met us at the rehersal the night before our wedding, and made sure every detail was covered, and was there on the wedding day, directing everything behind the scenes to make sure it went smooth.
Right as we were ready to start walking down the isle, one of the small girls in the wedding decided to touch a catus (being from Ohio, we dont have those, and of curiosity got the best of her, at the worst time ever), but Andrea didn't skip a beat, she was immidiatly on the phone calling for some quick fixs to remidy the situation to get everything back on track on time, and it went off with out a hitch, thanks to her!
We couldn't have been more happy, our Wedding was perfect!

Great location, convenient to lots of restaurants, shopping, etc.
The room was clean, but the decor was tired, and it certainly could use some fresh paint, tile, etc.
There were lots of 12-13 year old boys staying there, who took over the one pool,  and the grassy areas for their noisy play.
Apparently the adults with them were on vacation too, since there didn't appear to be supervision.

I always give 1-star to Hotels that accept anonymous Priceline bids and then charge extra "resort fees" when you show up.
That's fine if you want to hide fees from window shoppers to make your sticker price look lower than it really is.
Let them dig through your fine print and decide to stay elsewhere if they so choose.
But to accept anonymous bids from services such as Priceline where customers have zero visibility into your extra fees until their credit card has already been charged is unethical ( and you know it ).
I suspect that the law hasn't caught up to this new modern flavor of bait and switch that you folks in the Hotel business are experimenting with.
Enjoy ripping people off while the party lasts.

Yes, there is a resort fee...as in most places in Scottsdale.
It is $15.00.
I used nothing off the resort package except the bottled water in the room.
So, using a web site I paid a total of $75,00 a night, which is why I gave it 4 stars.
The bed was comfy, the room adequate for my needs.
It is dated, and the grout and carpets need to be cleaned.
Did I mention I paid $75 a night and the bed was comfy?
I was in Scottsdale to attend a conference, and that resort was charging $260/night plus the $15/night resort fee, so yeah...4 stars.
I saw no bugs, there was a faintly not so fresh smell to the room but nothing obnoxious.
I would be very careful if walking is an issue, or if you use a wheelchair.
The parking lot is a LONG way from the rooms, and I don't think it looked too accessible for wheelchairs.
I did see staff giving some older guests a ride to a point NEAR their room in a golf cart, so maybe that's the answer to that concern, but factor that in if you have mobility issues.
The TVs are old and don't have many channels, but like I might have said, I was just there to sleep and the bed was comfy.

Let me explain first that I was bumped to this property for two nights by the Scottsdale Plaza .8 mile away, as the Plaza over booked their hotel by 50 rooms (I was attending a 4 day event at the Plaza).
Since this was the Plaza's mistake, we were comped for the two nights.
The front desk person was borderline rude and became ruder when we insisted on a suite since that's what we had booked at the Plaza.
Then they put us in the "back forty".
If it was because they were booked I would of understood, but later heard that wasn't the case.
At that point, I didn't want to be moved as I knew I would be moved again in two days back to the Plaza.
The suite itself was a little claustrophobic with low ceilings.
It was clean and maid service was prompt at just before noon.
But some of the fixtures were older and a little worn especially in the cramped kitchenette.
I can put up with those type of things, although rudeness by the front desk is unacceptable.
I really can't recommend the Cottonwoods.

Stayed here over the weekend with my fiance.
The older woman at the front desk was a total peach when we checked in.
However, we were a bit disappointed to have to wait over 20 minutes to get seated at Moriah the next morning for breakfast.
They definitely need more staff in the restaurant area.
There were a lot of upset people and I overheard one waitress give a couple a free breakfast because they waited so long to be seated.
I feel like any restaurant should be prepared for people and have enough staff to keep customers happy.
We honestly wouldn't have waited, but breakfast came with the deal we got at the hotel, which is why others probably waited as well.
Not sure we would ever go back and definitely wouldn't without some sort of deal.

My bf and I were very excited when we booked this place on Expedia.com for $66.
The pictures presented a luxurious hotel resort and the location was convenient.
When we got there I had a sunken feeling in my gut already.
The lobby doors are extravagant but once your in, the elder lady at the counter is not hospitable.
I felt like I had to be nice to her or ill get yelled at.
The new young man there, you could tell, was under her reign.
They encouragingly told us that they put us in an isolated part of the hotel complex so we can have the luxury of the private smaller  pool.
I see now that is the deserted island area they offer those who come in with online discounts.
The room was dungy.
We went straight to the window in the back to have some light and air and when my bf pulled open the blinds a cloud of dust blew in his face.
We were pissed.
He had an allergy attack in the middle of the night and had to take a claritin and Norco to get through the night due to a strained neck because of the lack of consistency in the pillow sizes.
We realized then that we got the shit rooms because of our Expedia discount.
Overall: dusty, old (and not charming old, just beat up looking old), the ice bucket was rusty and gross, the coffee pot was cheap, dirty and stained, the iron was from the 99cent store and the AC went to either freezing or super warm and was super noisy.
The goods: bed was comfy and we got to swim in the pool (although the water was a little dirty) and sit in the jacuzzi.
Expedia said it was a four star and from my perspective, for $100 (don't forget $18 resort fee that is taxed) this barely makes 2 stars.
Probably go through Travelocity next time and definitely do some more research.

I won the bid for this hotel on Priceline for 4 nights.
Thought I had scored an awesome deal until we checked in.
They charged an extra $18 a night.
Very under handed considering I bid on it and had no control over which hotel was chosen.
I asked if I could stay the first night and be refunded for the remainder of my stay.
She said I would have to talk to Priceline.
Priceline made note of my complaint and that was it.
They did say I shouldn't have been charged a resort fee.
Too tired and frustrated to argue I accepted the fee.
We were given keys to our room.
The room was one bedroom suite.
Nice, seemed clean, but out dated.
It was acceptable.
The beams in the ceiling weirded me out but it was okay.
We slept and slept, exhausted from our trip.
We finally had to roll out of bed because our stomachs were growling to loud.
We got ready and went to eat, shopped, sight seeing.
We returned to the room around 10 at night.
I was getting ready for bed and heard my boyfriend yell out a slew of bad words.
He was in the bedroom hanging up his shirt.
I thought he hurt himself, went to see what happened.
He was standing there shoe in hand and I knew what it was.
FRIGGIN HUGE COCKROACH!!!!
I was so disgusted!
I immediately called the front desk.
I was panicked and hysterical.
The front desk person says "Oh, did it trip you on the way to the bathroom?
" Then laughed.
WTH!!!!
Is this lady for real?!?!
And that wasn't the end of her charming wit!
She went on to say "Well...they're common.
They come up through the sewer and especially if you leave the door open they come in from outside because of the landscaping.
" I said we never left the door open and I would like a room change please.
She said "I'm not sure if we have any other rooms available.
Let me check and call you back.
" I hung up and we packed up everything.
Shook out any clothes left on the floor.
I was scared to go in the bathroom to gather our shower stuff.
There was no way I was going to be able to sleep in a possibly infested room.
Having nightmares about what could be crawling on me or in my belongings while I was incoherent.
The phone rings "We only have a room with two double beds.
We can put you in that one" I said no I want another room equivalent or better than what were in right now.
At this point I'm about to lose it with this idiot front desk person.
I was already tired and had fallen asleep on the card ride back to the room.
My boyfriend had to practically carry me in.
Now I was wide awake and twitching because I kept thinking any minute more are going to crawl out of the ceiling.
She finally says "We have a suite that we can upgrade you to, that has a king bed.
I'll send security to your room to help you with your bags and show you to the other room.
" The property is pretty during the day but at night it's scary.
Apparently creepy crawly creatures lurk in the tall thick grass and under the little walkway bridges.
The other room was a bigger suite with a full size kitchen and a fireplace.
Again... dated and seemed clean.
We settled in and I got ready for bed after I checked all the nooks and crannies where potential insects could be nesting.
I left lights on just in case they tried to come out and attack.
Put all our belongings up high, even our shoes.
Everything was okay till the next night I saw a small one crawling by the fire place.
I smashed the heck out of it.
I dreaded having to deal with unapologetic and useless hotel staff.
I knew they would not give me a refund and I was too tired to change to another room that might be worse.
I strongly suggest not spending anytime here.
It's infested!
I think Priceline should remove this property from the bidding pool.
I'm going to upload my pic of the leggy diseased culprit.
They will probably remove it.
Hope this helps someone to have a better time than I had.

I recently booked a vacation to Scottsdale Arizona through Expedia.
I've used Expedia before and had very satisfactory results.
I trusted that Expedia vets and verifies hotels, rental car agencies, etc.
I was surprised when after my arrival at Scottsdale Cottonwoods Resorts that the resort did not live up to the ratings on their  website.
We were assigned a room that was the furthest from the parking lot.
Along the way we had to dodge bird excrement on the sidewalks.
The room had an unused, stale, musty smell.
I was beginning to think the resort was more rusty than rustic.
The bathroom had rust stains both inside the tub and outside along the floor.
The refrigerator was not keeping anything cold.
The toilet the first night kept running on and off all night.
They did fix it the next day, but this is something that should have been checked out prior to assigning this room.
We went to Bath and Body Works to purchase a room air freshener plug-in to make the room more bearable at night.
We were out most of the days.
The furniture was outdated and damaged in places.
The rug appeared clean but was old and bumpy in several places.
Again a first class top rated resort would not have bumpy carpets.
At bedtime I discovered that the bottom sheet had a stain.
The sheets appeared to be clean in look and scent, but a permanently stained sheet should have been delegated to the trash and not to a guest's bed.
They changed the sheets the next day.
On Wednesday we left the resort to go to New Mexico knowing we'd be back Thursday.
It was part of our vacation plan.
We requested fresh towels and changed sheets.
On our return Thursday mid-afternoon the room appeared the same as it did when we left Wednesday morning.
This means no one came in Wednesday and had yet to come in Thursday.
It was remedied but required a phone call.
I had hoped to come to a cleaned room and to rest before going out again.
Instead I had to go out and wait for the room to be refreshed.
This next list falls under the slightly embellished services they offer.
If there is room service its use was not encouraged and I'm not clear to what purpose because the restaurant is only open for breakfast.
The bar/lounge we were told was at the pool and closed at 7 pm though the pool was open to midnight.
Not much of a bar if it closes before most people start their night life activities.
On the plus side the pool appeared to be everything they advertised.
However, I did not come there for the pool.
They still advertise The Borgata shops on their website, but the shops have been closed for several months as a land developer has purchased the land with the intent to build a high rise residential complex.
Overall, I enjoyed my vacation but not the resort.
Do not stay here.
There are so many nicer places down the street.
Once we got there we discovered that fact.

Pros: *People are nice.
*Complementary water bottles.
*Large room.
*Decent sized refrigerator.
*Rustic look.
*Apartment-like layout.
*Back patio.
*Close to downtown Scottsdale.
Cons: *If you're from out of town and don't have a car, be prepared to hike to your room (luckily we had a car).
*Unnecessary resort fee.
*Rooms are old.
The bathrooms could use a tile upgrade and new shower curtains.
The curtains have rips and don't appear to be very clean.
*There were big clumps of dust under the bed and behind the TV.
*Couldn't open the curtains to let light into the room because they were dirty - had flies and mold on them.
*There was a random razor under the chair.
*Old, small, box television set.
Additional Comments: Do not pay full price on their website.
I cannot believe they charge over $100 per room, per night.
I'm please we got a great deal on Hotwire, but I'm not happy to see that many people have experienced bugs (even cockroaches-yuck).
We didn't experience cockroaches (as far as I know) but based on the cleanliness of the rooms, I could totally see how this would be possible.
If you're just there to sleep and shower, it's an okay place to stay.
If you're a little squeamish about things being dirty or having to deal with potential bugs, I would stay somewhere else.
On the 2nd night, we forgot to unlock out door for the cleaning service to come in so we had to make a call at midnight for a sheet change.
They were quick, but the guy helping us couldn't find the correct sheet size/type for our bed and just gave us a random one to cover the top.
The sheets were falling apart all night.
I find it odd that they couldn't find even ONE clean sheet, the correct size, to supply us with.

Facilities are OK for a conference, with the exception of the bathrooms that are woefully inadequate for any group larger than 20 persons.
There were over 100 attending today's meetings.

Great deal, cute cozy place, and softest king sized bed I've ever slept on!
It felt like I was on fluffy clouds.
The staff was kind enough to bring us a microwave by request - we had leftover food we wanted to reheat and eat ;p.

Rooms are outdated and not as clean as they should be.
Even the TVs are very old tube TVs, Last time I will stay here.
Had that old "motel" smell.
2 stars may be generous.

What a disaster!
From a confusing check in- they had us for one night instead of three nights.. Our room was from the movie hangover- the day after!!
There was food on the carpet, throw up in the toilet, party streamers still on the lamps, food around the refrigerator- that did not work.. Btw.. And this this damp moldy smell that overwhelmed us..
The towels and blankets were ripped and worn.. Just gross!
We were moved to a new room but I left some clothes in the old room.. Called three times and asked them to check..
They told me over and over that nothing was left.. My husband met the housekeeping at our old room and he found them in the drawer that we had told them they were in.. Free happy hour appetizer at the pool!!
Really- chips and salsa!!!
The only choice!
We checked our credit card online and there was a multiple of charges and authorizations for the total of 832.63.. Really?
We had only stayed there at that time one night!
We called and talked to the front desk..
They could not do anything about the charges for 2-4 days...
But promised us breakfast discount  coupons that were never there at the front desk..Just truly not worth the all the aggravation .. Just unorganized and dirty!!
The only upside flip is the location..
I could walk to trader joes and get much needed wine for dealing with this hotel!

I just love this place and book it through hotwire whenever i am in town.
The staff always remembers me which is super sweet.
The staff is so kind and always helpful, and even bring dishes so i can buy organic groceries and cook while i am there.
The buildings are older which means they are built with real wood and cement, not fromaldehyde infested new textiles or poison glue pressed wood etc.
I sleep great here due to silence, and lack of toxic new materials.
i don't hear the neighbors or people walking around upstairs-cement and wood casitas rock!
It is older and i find it charming, though very visual folks may focus on the aged carpet or furnishings...
I love the real tile and old wood beams.
Its cute and sooo quiet especially if you get a room away from parking lot, a lovely walk thru the trees.
Again real  materials versus modern highly toxic building materials.
Its not shiny and fancy like other resorts, but its quiet and surrounded by nature.
Super charming surroundings.
Old large trees make lovely spots for owls and birds, a sweet outdoorsy setting in a too slick city.
It has old carpet and furniture but the quiet and charm is so good for cozy sleep.
Plus i keep all my fresh fruits and veggies in the fridge so i can make smoothies while in town.
The in house breakfast is nice and my favorite mostly organic restaurant for dinner, the Pinot Rancho is in the shopping center next door.
Its the most peaceful rustic spot in this Overwrought valley of shiny overpriced facades.
A real family atmosphere.

Our stay was horrible from the moment we walked through your doors.
What an uncomfortable place to be.
Let me say how false your advertisement is first off, how you are trying to screw hard working people over.
NICE JOB.
Also, your rooms were DIRTY.
Dust everywhere, filthy rooms.
No housekeeping came by in the four days I was there.
The staff made me feel poor, stupid, and used my age against me.
This was the worst stay I have ever had.
You made my trip stressful from how much cash you guys take (FALSE ADVERTISEMENT.
) I was stressed all weekend because of you when I was down there to visit someone.
At checkout, you guys were rude, did not have a "I can help you," attitude, and you guys were trying to steal money from me.
I CAN NOT WAIT TO GO TO YELP AND tell the world what a shitty hotel you are running.
Or maybe call the show "Hotel Impossible.
" It is funny to me, being in the Hospitality Industry as you, I would never treat someone the way your WHOLE company treated me.
WORST place ever.
Room was not clean, staff was rude, reservation was FALSE ADVERTISEMENT, your tax and what you charge is pathetic for the service you are giving.
Maybe if that was a nicer resort, with clean rooms, nice staff, and a better price, YOU WOULD have a full resort.
This was pathetic.
They say it is $89 on the website, but REALLY charge you $130 PLUS all the resort taxes which ARE BULLSHIT.
Upon checkout, I asked about my free third night they had promised me when I made the reservation.
The room was not free and they charged another $18 a day on top of the taxes.
FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!!!!
THEY WILL TRY TO TAKE YOUR MONEY AND SAY IT IS A FREE NIGHT STAY IF YOU BUY TWO NIGHTS!!!
FALSE INFORMATION!!!!
I was expecting a $230 STAY and LEFT WITH a $350 bill.
LIARS.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!
DIRTY AND RUDE PEOPLE.

We just returned from Cottonwoods.
It a good location, close enough to most attractions restaurants and shopping.
Trader Joe's located in the next door shopping center so it's easy for grocery shopping.
I would have given the place a four star rating if the front office staff a bit more accommodating.
I purchased our hotel room through hotel.com and it said it included breakfast on the confirmation.
But when we asked about it at the older front lobby staff told us it was not included in our package.
Well.... the buffet didn't look that appetizing anyway.
My confirmation also included a king bed.
When we checked in we were told only 2 double beds available.
The rooms are small but have been updated.
The hotel grounds and the pool are beautiful.
The other hotel staff we encountered were very nice.
The bed was comfortable and everything else satisfactory.

This is the worst place ever!
The first room I checked into was infested with bugs, then they moved me to a room that obviously had not been cleaned since the prior guest left.
I called to complain and they told me to use the extra blanket in the closet, since the comforter on the bed was dirty and stained.
Then a few days after I checked out my credit card was charged a $300 cleaning fee, for nothing!

I've used Yelp for years and have never written a review before but our experience at the Cottonwoods Resort was so bad I had to let you all know.
We stayed here on a rainy day and not only was it pouring outside but it was leaking inside the room - right on my pillow.
When I reported it they offered to simply change the sheets.
I insisted on another room but they had nothing comparable.
Apparently many of their rooms had been flooded by the rain.
They moved us to a lesser room and refused to make a financial adjustment.
Service was definitely not given with a smile.
I was very unhappy and will never stay here again.

Was told that check in was at 4pm.
So far have watched 15 people check in and I'm still waiting!
4pm came around and front desk told co worker that it would be 5-10 mins more....
It is NOW 4:13pm.
Don't ever stay here.
Customer service sucks!!!!!!!!

Big room, handy wet bar area with fridge.
Nice to have the little patio with table and chairs out front, a good spot for having a morning coffee.
Lovely and quiet, hardly any noise from other guests even though the hotel was apparently full, no road noise.
The section that contains rooms 311 has its own little pool.
The main pool was bigger, more beds, a bar and obviously more people but still not super busy.
Pool towels provided.
Trader Joes is a couple mi tues walk, so handy for getting a few breakfast supplies.
There's also several good restaurants in walking distance.
The trolley bus stop is right outside the hotel on the main road.
We didn't use the restaurant/bar  up when we walked past it appeared to be empty anyway.
Bathroom small and a bit dated but clean and all fully functional.
Would stay again, very relaxing.
Not sure what the $18 a day resort fee was really for but isn't that always the way!

THE BAD The wife and I booked a room at the Cottonwood resorts for our 24th yr. anniversary after only seeing the management submitted pics shown online.
BIG mistake!
Horribly disappointed upon arrival.
Room 267 was old and funky.
It looked like its hadn't Been updated since the 1970s.
The carpet was old (very) and tattered in spots.
The gate on the back side was busted and swinging open.
And the general conditions of the grounds were lacking at best.
For what they were charging, I was shocked.
FYI The check in lobby in the pic, is nice, but it is not a convening area.
It's separate from the rest of the suites.
THE GOOD  The receptionist was kind and understanding when we returned to tell her that we would not be staying and why.
They gracefully offered us an up grade, but we didn't take it.
They agreed to refund us and we went to another nearby hotel to celebrate our anniversary weekend.

This is a "resort" in need of complete renovation.
Do not pay more than $50 per night for a room here.
We left as soon as we could book another spot.

Spacious, clean amenities, rooms are beyond dated and  DO NOT expect anyone who is actually working at the hotel to be of any use, in regards to room service or general questions.
We were in the wedding party so staying at this hotel was not much of an option for me and my fiance.
We called about 3 weeks prior to the wedding to discuss our room and rate, apparently no one working past 430pm is able to perform this duty and the woman in charge of this does not believe voice mails should be returned.
Thank goodness the bride is not a bridezilla because on the day of her wedding the entire hotel staff had no comprehension of what was going on, where the bridal party was suppose to be, and shockingly they do not understand that when one pays for services for a period of time it should be honored.
When we left the hotel we ended up leaving some clothes hanging in our room and we contacted the supervisor that night of what had happened.
She advised us to call at 7am when housekeeping arrived to let them know and than they would ship back the clothes, and yes they wanted to charge us.
When I informed the supervisor of our negative experience and asked her to put herself in my shoes she obliged to ship them back with no cost.
After 3 weeks, an average of 4 phone calls a week to the 4 supervisors working, and the general manager who works at the most invaluable hours of the day we received 2 of 4 of our pieces of clothing.
At this point I am not even upset, I just want to inform anyone who appreciates good service and wishes to be treated as any paying client would, DO NOT MAKE RESERVATIONS at Cottonwood Resorts in Scottsdale!
We are not experts on hotels but have stayed at various hotels throughout the country, but I can honestly state that this is by far the worst, most frustrating hotel I have ever stayed at and above all the staff is obviously not engaged and no one, I repeat no one working the day or night shift is ever able to answer questions or return phone calls in a timely manner.

The pictures on the website were nice and I was looking forward to our stay but once we got there, it all went down hill from there.
Hotel was completely overbooked so our two beds we had booked through the internet were not available upon check in.
Not a comfortable night cramming three people into a bed since no roll away beds were available and other hotels in the area were booked solid as well.
Hotel staff was TOTALLY overwhelmed and about to go into meltdown mode when asking them to help deal with our situation.The next day we were booked into another room with two beds however we were not able to get into this room until 7pm.
The bathroom was outdated with a clogged shower and toilet which required repair from the maintenance crew who looked pretty scary.
The air conditioning unit was super loud, loud enough where you could not sleep with it on making it pretty stuffy.
Patio area outside was a nice touch but the patio chairs and table were filthy.
The only good thing about this "resort" was the pool and hot tub.
Definately not worth the $18 per day resort fee.
Would not recommend this property

Checked in, no waiting.
Staff at front desk were courteous and helpful each time I was there.
The living quarters for the week were adorable, my own little adobe: bedroom, front room with TV in each, table & chairs out in front and lounge chairs in the back enclosure, refrigerator, coffee pot, bottled water.
Housekeeping kept the room clean, the pool was wonderful, the conference room was well attended to with beverage and snacks.
Beautifully landscaped, serene setting, walking paths everywhere.
Hope I get back there someday in the future.

Good deal for the price.
Get the larger room, they have a patio in the front and private patio in the back for some "privacy".
Rooms need a little updating but they aren't bad, it's not the ritz after all.
Pool is large and there's a bar.
Plenty of chairs.
The only bad is that there's never enough towels.
Note to management please provide more pool towels.
As soon as towels are put out everyone runs to them.
We kept getting towels from the housekeeper cart.

Don't let the pictures on their website fool you!
I was so excited after seeing all of the fabulous pictures, that we decided to stay somewhere new.
Boy, was that a mistake!
Here are a few things that I noticed right off the bat:  - There were no pool towels... ever!
I even heard them call for more... none came.
No matter what time of day we went, the towel cart was always empty.
This is pretty standard for a hotel to supply when they have a pool.
Especially when your guests pay an extra $18 for you to supply it!!!
-The bathroom was a complete, utter disappointment.
I really don't expect much from a bathroom.
Oh... where to begin?
Oh!
Let's start with the pubic hair that was left behind on the toilet seat!
And the ants all over and in the sink that were crawling in and out of a hole in the caulk next to the mirror.
And the hair dryer bag covered in what I hope was old toothpaste marks.
And the shower leaving a puddle an inch deep and extended as far as the front door.
With all of that, I don't even need to mention the petty things like the holes in the tiles in the shower, the fact the shower had mismatched tiles, and the floor wasn't cleaned.. No, no need for any of that...  - The surfaces (counters, tables, TV remote, channel guide, laminated welcome papers, etc) were ALL sticky!
I even took a picture of the channel guide where you can obviously see that it has gunk on it from only God knows when...
The windows, both inside AND outside, appear to have never been washed.
I opened the curtains and there appeared to be some kind of coating on the glass...
I took a tissue and wiped off a spot... NOPE!
Just bad housekeeping!
At least leave the cleaning supplies in the room, so that I can do it myself!
- The quality of the furniture and accessories were lacking (to be nice)...
The lamp shades (all 4 of them) appeared to either have blood spatters or rust stains on them...
I do hope the latter.
It can't be that expensive to change out the lamp shades!
The desk chair had a gaping hole in the arm, and the fabric lounge chair had stains all over it... We dared not sit there.
-The TV is a tube!!!!
And a small one, at that!
What kind of hotel still has tube TVs?
You are a resort, people... UPGRADE!
-The patio was kind of nice, minus the huge crack in the dividing wall that had been horribly patched and not painted.
Though, you could add to your housekeepers tasks to wipe down the table and chairs every once in awhile and maybe sweep the patio off.
You know, in between the time that they don't wipe the pubic hair off the toilet or clean the windows.
:)  The one thing that I will give positive feedback on was the bed.
It was one of the softest, most comfortable beds that I have ever slept in.
Scottsdale Cottonwoods Resort & Suites: You have so much potential to be so much better and to actually be worth what we paid... You should start by getting a new group of housekeepers and a new hotel manager!

I'm so disgusted and furious with this "resort".
The service was awful, people were not friendly or attentive.
And they stole my brand new hat.
I left it on top of the TV and when I got home I realized that I didn't have it and distinctly remembered where I left it.
I called them and they said they will look for it and call me back.
I received the rudest phone call ever where they accused me of lying about leaving my hat and insulting me for thinking that maybe someone took it.
WELL where did it go?!
Hats don't just walk off.
If it's not in the room, it's not in the lost and found, and it's not at home with me...clearly someone has it.
Don't stay here.
They're so unhelpful and mean.
UGH.

Scottsdale "Cockroach" woods resort would be more like it.
Seriously people, for what you're charging and the "resort fee" on top of the whole thing, do you think you could invest just a smidge in pest control?!?
I've never seen so many cockroaches in my life.
And I'm talking like small kindergartener-sized roaches.
Sitting in the hot tub (which was scalding hot) and watching a water bottle sized roach wander by, I wasn't sure whether to kill it or take it home as a pet an name it "Papa".
There were never any towels at the pool, and the staff at the pool bar told us it was because people take them back to their rooms.
Well, fantastic.
Get some more and bring them out here please.
The whole place needs a facelift in a major way.
The TVs in the rooms are the old bubble-screen jobs, the carpeting was so disgusting that I refused to take my shoes off the entire time I was there, and they haven't even updated to the curved shower curtain rods, so if you do decide to shower and you weigh more than 85 pounds part of you is going to either touch that nasty curtain or the nasty shower wall.
There was also a major ant problem in the mini-bar area and the mini fridge never did get cold.
On the upside, the staff people were all very nice, if somewhat slow/disinterested.
The pool area was at  least clean (except for the roaches), and the grounds were very cute.
Lots of nice green grass and well-maintained trees/bushes.
The positives, however, are not nearly enough to outweigh the negatives, and until this place makes some MAJOR renovations and invests heavily in some pest control, I will not be spending my hard-earned money here again.

If you like appliances from the 60's and a tv from the 80's, this is the place for you.
Walking through the door was stepping back in time 30 or 40 years.
How about the pool?
As long as you don't feel like drying off, it is  good.
There is water in it and it is wet.
Enjoy your stay...

We stayed here last night with the groupon special.
The wife and I were going to book somewhere else for a one night staycation but decided to book this special.
I worked at this resort for several years in the late 1980s as a banquet manager.
I absolutely loved that job and loved this resort; a lot of good times, and that lots of great people.
Anyhow, I felt that it would be a good vacation, really affordable, and a trip down memory lane with nostalgia.
When we arrived it was as if nothing had ever changed.
Literally!
Literally nothing is changed since the late 1980s and the resort shows it.
I really found it sad disconcerting to see that they've let this amazing resort property in Paradise Valley that overlooks incredible scenic views of Camelback Mountain fall into such poor shape and disrepair.
Notwithstanding the rooms have never been updated and still have circa 1980s or 1990s televisions, and decor.
But the most maddening part of this entire experience to me is just plain and simple laziness.
85% of the problems with this resort, in my opinion, were just total neglect for upkeep and cleanliness.
I mean just simple things that need to be done on a regular basis to keep things clean and good curb appeal.
Things like wood railings that it just rotted and not been painted in the same railings are coated with bird crap.
For Christ sake get the maintenance department to just clean the bird poop.
The rooms have a musty dusty smell to them and need a deep cleaning.
The tub filled up with water when taking a shower.
The shower head was broken.
Worst of all was the extremely wafer thin tissue type toilet paper.
Unbelievable to skimp on something like this.
The pool was in awful shape.
Again everything seems to be in disrepair, but moreover, just short staff laziness again.
The trash was overflowing and never emptied either day we were there.
Towels are in short demand and the towels are rarely ever picked up off of the lawn chairs.
Trash, debris and cigarette butts littered all over the cool deck.
Furniture and tables dirty and sticky with gunk and debris.
Of course there was no bartender attending the oasis pool bar.
That was okay as I brought my own cooler and saved probably $150.00 in a bar tab for the two days.
There were other people that wanted pool bar service too.
I was gracious enough to share my ice cold bounty of Miller Lite's with some of them.
Maintenance guys ogling my wife in her bikini wasn't really cool either especially when they weren't even cleaning the filthy pool area.
Three o'clock in the afternoon guy goes through the pool area with a blower putting a ton of dust in the air ... just stupid.
My wife walks 10 to 15 miles every day so the track around the entire resort was the one nice thing about it; however, the workout stations that they have along the path again are all in disrepair and there was a tree that had fallen over,  a palo verde that was blocking the path.
We saw several quail that had baby quail following behind them which my wife thought was pretty cool.
The only reason I didn't give this place one star out of five is basically because I worked there like 28 years ago and remember what a gem of resort it used to be.
With all that said, we were told by the staff that the hotel had recently been sold and slated to be closed within a month.
The Borgata shopping mall that used to center the resort has been completely leveled demolished.
What a shame because it was a beautiful mall.
I fear that this resort is also going to come down to the wrecking ball and I really hope it doesn't because as mentioned it really is a gem of a resort and with some proper maintenance and updating, along with its old-growth trees could really gleam once again.
A good reference point would be the wigwam resort across town and how successful their renovations have been.

