Mbar has a good, luxurious atmosphere.
My drinks were made perfect, it's hard to mess up a dirty vodka martini.
Sitting inside was a nice mood setting.
Once moving outside, it was comfortable- got chilly but we were not sitting by the heat lamps on the patio part.
Mbar is a great place to sit and enjoy a nice cocktail with friends.
I will return and I hope to walk around and see more of the beautiful setting.

I had a small dinner at MBar while staying at the InterContinental Montelucia on a Saturday night in September.
Specifically, I ordered the burrata salad and a ginger ale.
(What can I say...
I'm not an alcoholic.
)  The burrata salad didn't come quite as I expected, but my waitress suggested a different type of bread to accompany it, and it turned out to be an excellent dish with said addition.
The ginger ale came from a glass bottle, which was perfect.
No watered down stuff from a hose or something out of plastic or aluminum.
Yes, there is a difference.
Service was punctual and courteous.
MBar has a nice ambiance.
Bustling but not crowded, clean and tasteful but not overly fancy, comfortable seats, and not too noisy either.
Prices were about what I would expect at this type of establishment.
Overall, this is a great spot for tapas and a drink.

Mmmmm good appetizers and drinks before dinner.
I can't speak for the place...just go!
Trust me on this.

Mmmmmmmm chocolate martinis.
I can go on for days about the MonteLucia.
I don't know that I should because I want it all for myself.
I'm a local and enjoy coming here to cozy up with friends outside in the courtyard or inside on the couches while sipping on A-MAZING chocolate martinis.
The staff is attentive and friendly.
Everytime I've been there live music has been playing that could be described as jazzy or loungey.
It's the perfect upscale location for a low key evening.

thought it was great.
The perfect place for some small apps and drinks.
We had good service and the food was excellent.
we will definitely go back

Wow is this place pretty or what!?
Gotta date you want to impress -- wink wink.
This place supplies the ambience and sets the tone for the mood you should be in; relaxed and chill.
I only had drinks here with my group (NAAAP), but I totally dig this place.
Nice jazzy and low lighting with a fire place.
A fire place in the desert!?
Yes, my friend we get cold too.
Staff was bountiful and if you need; it they've already brought it for you - Bam!
My next visit is for dining - first I'll need a date :)  -  enjoy!

Kinda hit or miss as far as how many people will be here at any given time.
Stopped in for happy hour this week.
Pretty decent vodka tonic.
The chorizo appetizer was very good.

I love this resort and this bar is no exception!
Beautiful decor, great service and excellent drink selections!

It's a hotel bar, so expect typical hotel pricing on drinks.
They have some good tapas to choose from, ask for the calamari, but a grilled version (off the menu)... it's REALLY good.
I've had a few of their drinks there, but I stick to the mojitos, but had plenty of others that were just as good.

Very nicely decorated bar and restaurant in the Hotel Montelucia.
Nice setting and various seating options.
Staff is courteous and friendly.
Great drink selection and nice list of tapas.
We had the quesedilla, bruchetta with tomatoes, and the fried calamari.
Nice and tasty all.
They are pricey being in a 5 star resort, but they do have a happy hour early with some nice specials.

The best part of Mbar is their new bartender.
We went there to see Michael.
He used to be our bartender at Tommy Vs.
He is so awesome.
Super personable and will make sure you enjoy your drink.
I had a wonderful zinfandel he recommended and the hubby had his typical Margarita on the rocks with salt.
The place is very nice, a little pricey, but it is what you can expect from a nice resort after all.

Met a client/friend there for happy hour.
Sat outside till the sun went down and moved inside.
The ambiance is nothing short of phenomenal, both inside and out.
Our server was Allison.
She knows her trade.
She is extremely friendly and helpful, and knows when we need service and doesn't sweep our dishes away as we have the last bite at our mouth.
She also does not continue returning asking if we needed something nor ignoring us completely and leaving us to ask, "Where the heck is our server??
"  There is a large sitting area outside with firepits.
The M Bar is a large, curved bar with plenty of seating both at the bar and around it.
Whoever designed it knew what he/she was doing.
I didn't have a chance to drink their signature cocktails this time, albeit my friend did, and I tasted both.
One sip doesn't help me write a review, nor are they the types of drinks I'd order.
I ordered their happy hour cab and merlot.
Both were good.
I had the grilled prawns and bruschetta.
I thought the prawns were perfect.
They truly were grilled and I wished I had more.
There were two brushetta pieces, one with tomato and the other with small chunks of blue cheese and quinoa and I think some kind of preserve.
I really liked the blue cheese bruschetta.
The tomato one, it was good but didn't particularly stand out.
I can't wait to go there again for the atmosphere, the service, and the food.

This is an awesome place to meet clients, colleagues & friends for Happy Hour (3-6 pm).
It's at the chic Montelucia resort in Paradise Valley.
I enjoy coming here because the atmosphere is awesome and so is the food & drink.
Some menu items I've sampled:  Fig/Proscuitto Flatbread (Fig, Cherry Spread, Goat Cheese, Arugula), $15 Sausage Flatbread (Tomato Sauce, Pork Sausage, Chorizo),  $15  Happy Hour menu items I've had:  Glass of Blackstone (Pinot Grigio, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon), $5 Marinated Spanish & Italian Olives, $5 White Bean Hummus, $6  The service here is great as well.
The servers respect your privacy if you're here for business, but at the same time keep your glasses and plates full.
Clients are always impressed when we come here for a meeting.
Return Factor - 90%

Had great service here from a young man.
I want to say his name was Justin.
I came in with a rather large group and he took care of everyone promptly.
I really enjoyed the handmade cocktails with fresh ingredients.
He even took the time to write down a recipe for me of one of the drinks I really liked.
I would say our group was kind of a handfull but the bartenders were professional and took great care of us.
Thanks again!

We had dinner reservations for 730 and wanted a little something to snack on before.
We ventured into mbar, sat at the bar with Kyle and ordered the hummus, olives, and two drinks.
The food was exactly what we wanted and the drinks were fresh citrus, perfect for summer!
We almost ran late to our dinner reservation due to delightful conversation with the bartender who created an off the menu drink special for us!
My fiancé and I ended up back at the bar after our dinner reservations to end the night with again great conversation and an after dinner (digestive) drink that Kyle hand crafted.
Great atmosphere, we will be back!

Excellent happy hour!!!
We loved, loved, loved the food.
All the flatbreads were amazing - arugula, shrimp, veggie, brussel sprouts.
They all were sooooo good!
Highly recommend this spot (and the accompanying spa) for a weekday/weekend wind down!

Pretty good prices for Happy Hour on drinks.
Most everything is four or five bucks.
The food selection is a bit higher and only contains four choices.
The parking situation is shaky too around that time as most of the non-valet parking spots (which are located on bottom floor of garage) were full.
I had to move some cart to snag the last spot at 5pm down there and no valet for this kid, although it is available.
A few waitresses wandering around, but they weren't too efficient in returning for a second round of drinks.
Overall, a place for rich tourists who don't mind dropping $30 for a piece of chicken.
Grounds are Ok, but this resort is not as fancy as others in town.

