This is the one and only place where you can get good coffee at the Anthem outlet center.
After a day-long shopping expedition and lunch at the limited food-court we required a coffee break.
Since there are no coffee retailers around that place (like Starbucks) we enquired at the customer service kiosk and they told us that we could check at the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory.
The franchise owners were extremely friendly...
Although there is no sitting place in the tiny shop, they seemed to be serving their customers just fine.
The quality of the chocolates cannot be compared to Godiva or even Lindt but the quaintness of this place and the smell of fresh cocoa makes up for it.

amazing caramel & chocolate covered apples!!
we're not even big fans of them usually, but these are fantastic.
i'd suggest the oreo white chocolate and/or the black and white.
yumm.

Staff is always very friendly!

They charged me 50 cents to put a dog bone in a bag.
Gift wrapping charge!?
It does not even look  like a gift.
If you charge me extra 50 cents to put $1 dog bone in the bag,ask customer first.
My dog does not care if it is in a bag or not.
If you charge extra for the wrapping,DO BETTER JOB.
POST WRAPPING FEE ON THE WALL SO CUSTOMER CAN PREPARE TO PAY 50 CENTS BAG FEE.
BITTER SERVICE.

Great place to go if you got a sweet tooth.
I always come away with a Carmel Apple, some of the best ever!

You can always find this place in a mall or outlet location.
I love the cookies and caramel apples.
There are so many selections, its a bit overwhelming, but all delicious.
When strawberries are in season, try the chocolate covered strawberries, its always good!!

This place is awesome!
No trip to the outlets at Anthem would be complete without a stop at Rocky Mountain Chocolate!
We had caramel apples, peanut butter fingers, dipped orange peels.
They were all incredible.
The service was great too!
I can't wait for our next trip to Anthem...I will just be sure to save more room for dessert!

Great dessert.
All kinds of things to throw a wrench in your nutrition plan.
I try staying with the Dark chocolate.
They also have doggie options too.

Food...ok so the chocolate covered apples are pretty good and when my wife puts them in front of me it's hard to resist.
Ambiance....it's clean but no seating inside.
Staff...helpful and efficient.
Verdict....if you have a sweet tooth and don't mind spending a little its a nice treat.

