Veni, Vidi, Visa.
If there were a Latin motto that best characterized Vegas, this would probably be it.
In totality, it represents a huge temple to consumerism.
On my recent four day trip, I saw no sign that we have a struggling economy.
The strip was packed, the casinos were full and all the shows were sold out.
The locals with whom I spoke told me that they are taking an economic hit because people aren't gambling as much.
This may be true, but, regardless, Vegas provides more outlets to "come, see and spend" than just about any other place I've ever visited.
For spend thrifts like myself, this represents a good challenge: how does one take a trip to Vegas and not spend a fortune?
Finding the right place to stay is the first ingredient.
I luckily have a friend who owns a piece of a timeshare in Breckenridge, CO. She traded, cashed in timeshare chips or did whatever it is you do when you invest in these vacation places and ended up with a very reasonably-priced three night stay for three couples at Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Flamingo.
The following T-chart summarizes the pluses and minuses of this Hilton Grand Vacations Club location (one of several in Vegas):                        +                                 |                              - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- * Location, location, location!
|  * The towels were of the unplush, Right smack dab in the middle  |  nonabsorbent, smallish variety.
of the strip and walking               |  * The ambiance in the rooms can distance from most of the big    |  be described in one word: venues.
|  "minimal".
* It shares all the Flamingo        |  * The orange message light on the  amenities.
|  phone was always blinking * It provided a means to get        |  because the staff left long  10% off anything at the                |  unsolicited messages about all  Flamingo.
|  the things they could provide.
You  * The front desk addressed       |  had to listen to the whole thing  me by name over the duration   |  before you could delete it.
of my stay.
|  Annoying!
* The concierge was very            | efficient and helpful.
| * The jacuzzi tub in our room      | effectively jump-started                | romance.
| * The beds were very                   | comfortable.
| * The shop and deli on the          | ground floor provided for just      | about any need known to man.
| We spent about $50 here.
|  * As a non-member, I wasn't       | subjected to all the timeshare    | sales crap.
|  The pluses clearly out-weighed the minuses and I would stay here again to enjoy a budget-conscious Vegas trip.

Room: Filthy Dirty Price: Not Worth it Service: Not Good Shower: Good Bed: Comfortable  Crumbs on the carpet, It looked as if someone ate lunch on the round table in the room and forgot to clean up afterwards.
Free internet was great, problem is it didn't work.
When asking for assistance provided no help at all other than a near perfect run around.
So a three night stay turned into a one night stay and moved to the Monte Carlo (see next review)  Will not stay here or recommend this to anyone.

One of the people in our party has some sort of time-share thing or something.
I don't really know or care, but it knocked the price of this hotel WAAAAAY down so I can't really comment on the standard price.
I CAN comment on the lovely rooms with big whirlpool bathtubs, comfy beds, kitchens with full size fridges, 2 nice TV's (one in the bedroom, one in the living room), pull-out sofa bed.
The hotel also has workout room with standard equipment and most of all private pool area to relax in(the public pool was beyond packed).
And the location is GREAT.

On our most recent trip to Vegas, the hubby and I spent 5 days / 4 nights here.
We were here as guests of an owner, but still were treated like one.
:)  The front desk staff was great and helpful.
We must've called down at least 10 times for something or another, and it was also brought up quickly.
We would receive a call after each request to ensure that everything turned out okay.
That part was nice... but it was almost like that waitress that comes by to your table every 2 minutes to see if you're good.
Yeah, we're good...
Onto the room... We had a one bedroom suite, equipped with a whirlpool jacuzzi, full size kitchen, king-size bed, dining area, spacious living room complete with a pull-out sofa bed, and two flat screen tvs.
Over the course of our stay, we definitely made ourselves at home.
The kitchen was utilized (beyond making a pot of Starbucks coffee), as was the jacuzzi (wink wink, nudge nudge).
The hotel includes a gym, private pool, sauna and jacuzzi.
There is also a deli/store that has pretty much everything you'd need on the fly.
Free internet in the room [most Hilton locations I have stayed at charge a fee].
The one downside was that because we didn't have the whole week booked, housekeeping did not come in on a daily basis.
[We were told that we could call down if we needed toiletries replenished.
]  It's a minor point, but sometimes after a long day of activities I like coming back to a nice and clean hotel room.
Oh well, it just added to the homliness, I guess...  (shrug)   I really love the location and prefer it to their other one at the end of the strip.
It's tucked away behind the Flamingo Hotel, but it's easily accessible to the Strip.
Score!
Given the opportunity, we would definitely come back here again.

Best value in Vegas!
We stayed here for a friends wedding and basically had an apartment for the weekend with a full (small) kitchen for the same price as a regular hotel room at the Flamingo next door.
Everything about this place is great and the staff was friendly.
The bed was perfect, the shower heavenly, and the location was close enough to walk anywhere you needed.
There was an in-room hot tub that we didn't have time to use, but you could easily fit 4 people in it.
I will stay here again next time I'm in town.

Value on The Strip.
We got a two room suite but it seemed really dated.
There is a little entry area where the two rooms are separated.
This can get quite annoying especially when trying to go from a room without a kitchen, into the room with the kitchen.
Even though the property is on The Strip, The Grand Vacation Suites are towards the back, far from The Strip.
On a hot day, the short walk through the pool area can be a long, very humid endeavor to The Strip.
Also, self parking here is a pain.
If I want to have a lovely stroll by a stinking alley of trash, I need to come back to this place.
Good: Value that's on The Strip.
Bad: Dated rooms that are on The Strip, but not so much.
Final: A place of value and don't forget to valet.

My girlfriends parents used their points so we could stay at the Hilton.
It is a great place to stay if you get suite.
We had a kitchen and a big bed, and a great view of the pool.
You also get a free pass to the flamingo pool with your room key.
The staff was super friendly no matter what time we came in.

We had a friend who cashed in a week of their timeshare at this resort, and it was definitely a great place to stay.
Among the highlights:  1.
Location - It's kind of tucked away behind O'Shea's and the Flamingo.
Good because technically it's not RIGHT ON the strip, but you can still access the strip very easily.
And there are a ton of "upscale" casinos (Caesar's, Bellagio) within easy walking distance too.
Room - The room we stayed in was a suite, and was pretty large.
It also included a washer/dryer, a full-sized fridge, and a whirlpool tub.
Nice!
Food/Groceries - The downstairs deli is a great option for eating cheap and healthy.
Transit - although we didn't really use this feature, the place is right at a monorail stop, so that would be useful if you wanted to use public transit while in town.
There were a few negatives though.
Room - Yes, we liked the size of the suite, but unfortunately it was only 1 bedroom, which meant that the second sleeping option was a pull out couch in the living room area.
I WILL say that the mattress was still quite comfortable on the pull-out though.
Also, it was annoying that for four people we only had one shower and toilet.
Luckily, it did not become an issue during our stay.
Workout Room - Although I was happy that there were two TV's in there, there were also only two treadmills, one of which was very crappy, and the other of which had a broken display.
So if you wanted to run on the "good" treadmill you couldn't see your time or distance.
Ugh!
Cleaning - I guess when you have a suite they don't clean your room every day.
Is that common with other hotels?
Thankfully, we didn't live like pigs so we got by, but for the time I was there our room was only scheduled to be cleaned once.
So although there were some things I didn't like about the place, I am also very comfortable giving this place four stars, and recommending it to anyone looking for a decent place to stay.
If you are a fan of either the Flamingo, O'Shea's, Ceasar's Palace, or the Bellagio, this is the perfect location for you.
I would definitely go back!

The room was very nice and spacious and, yes, that is an elephant made out of towels.
It seemed almost a shame to wreck such a wonderful piece of art, but a guy's got to shower sometimes, right?
In all honesty the room was very spacious with a kitchen, washer/dryer, and whirlpool tub.
It came furnished with a good amount of dishes, a blender, glasses and other kitchen essentials.
If you were to want to spend less money for lunch (and more money on gambling) you could definitely get by buying some lunch meat and using the kitchen to it's full potential.
We opted for McDonalds and Panda Express for the week, but a boy can dream.
The space was a little tight with the group we brought, but we spent most of the time out of the room anyways so it wasn't much of an issue.
The pull-out mattress was a little solid and definitely did not feel like sleeping on a bed of clouds, but it wasn't awful either.
The Hilton has its own pool aside from the pool at The Flamingo (which is INSANE crowded during the day) so it was nice to have a private-ish area to relax.
All-in-all it was a great place to stay and was a very comfortable stay.
I would recommend this to anyone staying in Vegas!

We stayed here on our recent trip to Las Vegas as my friend has a time share here.
The hotel was nice, right behind the Flamingo, so pretty much still on the strip (in comparison to the other Hilton which is waaaay down there).
The suite was spacious.
Good sized kitchen, fully stocked, washer/dryer, 2 closets, pull out couch, dining area, bed room was good size, comfy bed, super comfy pillows.
Mirrors everywhere, so all us girls could get ready.
Large jacuzzi, large vanity.
Tiny shower though.
The shower was our biggest issue, the little rubber stopper on the bottom didn't stop ANY water from leaving the shower, so by the time anyone got out, the floor was SOAKED, all of our towels were used up cleaning up all the water.
It was a mess.
Although, we did call and ask for additional towels, blankets, sheets and pillows, and the security guard brought them up right away and was SO friendly.
All in all, a good stay.
We didn't have them clean the room on Saturday, but on Sunday we called, and they said we missed our chance??
That was odd.
The valets/bellmen were always very nice and very courteous.
Although some of them kept trying to make us take town cars instead of taxis, and lying to us about how much it'd cost.
Some guy tried to tell me itd cost over 40 for 2 taxis to the Wynn.
Dude, its like, right there.
It cost less than 13/taxi.
That was the only part I didn't appreciate, because you can tell the staff had some kind of relationship with the town cars.
I would definitely stay here again

This place is a hidden gem among huge casino based hotels!!!
I choose this hotel when I have to travel to Vegas because the location is fantastic.
The lobby of the hotel is not surrounded by slot machines.
The rooms are nice and big.
The fitness room is great and free (unlike the big hotels which charge you 25 bucks a day).
I also got free internet last time for being a Hilton Honors Member...I also get status and points from Hilton for staying here.
The Monorail to the Convention Center is outside the back door.
And if I want to go to a casino, then I simply just walk into the Flamingo Hilton and I can enjoy the ding ding ding of people losing there money.
There is a small kitchen and washer/dryer in some...I love being able to cook my own breakfast and wash my workout clothes.
This hotel is a win-win for me in a sea of losers (that is a gamblers reference)!

Really a 3.5, but I'm bumping up because the location is the best of the 3 HGVC's in Vegas, and because I only had to say "No" ONCE to the people trying to get me to sit through a presentation.
(On my last Vegas trip to a different property was a nightmare of incessant phone calls.
)  These units are located at the rear of the Flamingo Hilton property.
This is the oldest of the three Vegas HGVC's, but it is definitely the best location .. right in the middle of the strip.
Rooms have the same set up at all properties.
One bedrooms have a full kitchen with oven/stove/microwave/fridge/dishwasher/pots/pans, etc.
etc.
Stacking washer and dryer as well, which comes in handy and is actually one of my favorite features.
Things you should know ...
Valet parking is available, for a fee.
Self parking is in a garage adjacent to the building and kind of sketchy looking (shared structure with O'Sheas).
Don't self-park in the Flamingo structure because you'll have a long walk around if you do.
Despite the sketchy looking nature of the garage, I had no problems during my stay.
Paradise Deli downstairs is pricey, but the only option on site unless you want to walk past the pool area into the main hotel.
Rosa in the Deli makes a mean Sub Sandwich, ask for pepperocini's instead of onions.
Delish!
Access to the Flamingo Casino is a very short stroll past the pool area and you're there.
Access to the monorail is a pain.
Since the monorail is right there outside the HGVC, you'd think there would be an easier way to access it other than walking to the Flamingo, taking two escalators up and then walking back along the elevated walkway to the monorail.
I did notice that the door to the emergency staircase seemed to always be conveniently open, so maybe that's the compromise?
Hope I didn't just blow it by writing that.
I didn't trek up the stairs, so I have no idea if the gate at the top of the stairs was open as well.
Remember you don't get housekeeping every day.
In fact, you don't get housekeeping at all unless you either pay for it or you're staying for 7-days (in which case you get one mid-week cleaning).
My least favorite thing about the HGVC's (aside from the hard sells at some places) is that check out is at 10am.
TEN A.M.!
Ugh.
It was only on this recent visit that I found out that Elite Members can get a late check out (as late as 2pm).
Unfortunately, I found out as I was checking out the day before my scheduled departure, since I always pad my stay by a day to avoid the 10am deadline.
I wish someone would have told me that at one of the other properties at some point in the last few years I've been staying at these properties.
Kudos to the Flamingo staff for actually telling me that.
All in all .. if the last few years at the other properties had been as pleasant as this recent stay at the Flamingo HGVC, I might not be selling my ownership.
No wonder it's so hard to get in to this property!
Oh, well.

LOCATION:  It's literally located in the middle of the strip.
Behind Flamingo Hilton.
ROOM:  I believe I stayed at the 1 bedroom suite at this location.
Like all other HGVC, it's fully furnished with kitchen and washer/dryer.
I don't really use these features much, but it's awesome that you can toss your swimsuit into the dryer and not worry about it dripping all over the place.
(NOTE:  Since this is a time sharing location, they do not do house cleaning)  POOL:  They have their private pools at HGVC, but I normally would go over to the Flamingo pool instead.
CASINO:  Technically..
There is no casino here, but it's just a short walk to the Flamingo...
So you can just stroll over there if you are bored at night.
TIME SHARING SALES PITCH:  Yeah, I recommend sitting through the sales pitch and get your freebies.
They normally offer show tickets or dining certificates for your time.

Horrible experience.
The rooms are dirty, the rugs are dingy with huge pee stains on them.
The curtains are dingy with dirt marks all over them.
First night there the air conditioner didn't work, called maintenance twice before they arrived an hour later.
Watching television on the second night and the TV went out.
The place made me itch so bad because of its unsanitary conditions!!!
Housekeeping rarely comes around, had to call to request them.
The food at the buffet is cold and nasty.
Would never comeback here again!!!!
Well only if it's free, and all other options were depleted.
Would not recommend this hotel!!

This place is outstanding.
Perfect location, hidden away behind the Flamingo - no casinos or smokey air - clean and spatious rooms - staff is so helpful and courteous - and most of all, affordable.
If you want to stay in a nice place that kind of allows you to get away from Vegas when you retire to the room, this is it.
The Flamingo pool is right out your window and a great party spot during the day.
The five of us loved it and agreed that we would definitely stay there again for any future Vegas trips!

Not my favorite Hilton but I appreciate that the hotel is on the far end of the strip with no casino.
Made it seem more like a relaxing vacation.
The rooms were affordable in price but the spa is a different story.
We're Hilton fans and will visit this hotel again.

AIN'T LIFE GRAND?
Yes, but this hotel isn't.
It's okay, nothing special.
In return for listening to a sales pitch, we got 2 nights here for $100.
A fair deal in my estimation.
We stayed in a studio, which was small, but had a fridge and a coffee maker.
You could tell the hotel was cheaply decorated and more than 10 years old.
It was relatively clean, but not exactly impressive.
The pool area is shared by the Flamingo.
It's a decent size and has pretty palm trees and waterfalls, but the crowd?
Um, if you like Bud Lime, are in your twenties, think drunk limbo is hilarious, and enjoy listening to some imbecile MC over a background of cheesy dance music, then you've stumbled into paradise here, pal.
Normally, if I have a cocktail, a waterfall, and sunshine, I can chill anywhere, but this place was set up so the shouting, forced-fun, sound system was blaring into every corner of the pool deck.
No escape from the deafening idiocy.
The location is a little odd.
It is walking distance from Bellagio, but you have to know that you should walk through the Flamingo to get to the street.
You don't want to exit from the front of the property and try to walk around the corner on the street--it's scruffy.
You also have to walk through the Flamingo to get to the Monorail which is very close and convenient and will take you to Paris or all the way down to MGM and other points South.

This would be a fantastic location for a family vacation on the Strip.
The rooms are very spacious, well appointed and the staff are very friendly.
I will definitely stay here again.
Note that there is no restaurant in the property itself - it's a short walk to the Flamingo.

This HGV property is in the best location of the 3 in Vegas.
It is located just behind the Flamingo and away from the strip.
But for our taxi cab driver, he wasn't familiar with the HGV Flamingo so make sure you tell them the property behind the Flamingo or you could be paying a few extra bucks for the cab like we did (unless you want a bit of a ride along the strip).
It's about a $16 cab ride from the airport so just a few more than taking a shuttle but more convenient.
When you enter, there are 3 stairs going down to the check in.
Either they want you to drag your luggage down those stairs (and lift them up) or they want you to use the bell service.
The check in went smoothly and the front desk staff are all friendly.
There is a welcome desk that you are directed to for coupons.
The coupons include a free hypnotist show (you pay the service fee though), Margarittaville, 10% off at Macy's, and a variety of other eateries on the strip.
If you want show tickets, you can get a discount but they are only offered if you sit in on one of their presentations.
If you are staying here a HGV member, don't bother going.
You can get cheaper tickets at the numerous tix for tonight locations.
We stayed in a one bedroom which including a washer/dryer, dining area, full kitchen with coffee maker, tea kettle, dishwasher, fridge, and stove, living room with tv, bedroom with another tv, 2 sinks and counter space, shower, jacuzzi, and a closet with safe.
It's big enough for 4 to be comfortable.
They also have free wifi and morning paper.
There's a deli downstairs with microwave food (so don't worry you won't starve and can cook your own meals), booze, snacks, sandwiches, breakfast food, and coffee to help wake you from those late nights of partying and gambling.
The cheapest items were the alcohol.
They only offer one housekeeping visit for a week long visit and be prepared to pay if you want it and stay less than a week.
The reason I'm giving it 3 instead of a 4 is that one day they shut off the water for 8 hours.
I get they needed to replace the water tank but the timing wasn't ideal for us as we like to sleep in later so we had to make sure we showered, toileted, and washed up before the cut off time.

This is a beautiful hotel located in the middle of the strip.
There are no casinos but you get quiet when heading to sleep.
There's a nice diner in the hotel for food and supplies.
We got the suite with a full kitchen and jacuzzi.
I've stayed in these Grand Vacations before as a hotel guest.
This time to hear the sales pitch and get a cheaper rate.
Highly recommend any of Hilton Grand Vacations Suites in Vegas.

To be honest.
When you go to vegas, the hotel room is really a recouperation room instead of a place for comfort.
Hilton is both a recouperation room and a hotel for comfort.
It's not a 5 star hotel, not the four season, so don't expect that kind of experience.
It is right next to the monorail ($5 one way).
So there is some added convience.

Stayed here over memorial day weekend.
We decided to stay here because firstly, my boyfriend and I are only 20 and it was one of the only hotels that allowed 18+ to check in, AND we were told that we could access the flamingo pool.
The flamingo isn't a very nice hotel but the pool there is great, so we were excited to stay there.
We could have paid less and stayed in a different hotel down the road but because of the pool we decided to stay here.
I even made sure when I called that you could get in if you weren't 21, and they said yes.
Upsetting, because we paid $220 per night for 2 nights, so close to $500 bucks and the main reason we stayed here was to go to the pool.
Turns out, that wasn't correct.
As we were checking in, the woman told us it was 21 and over.
They have a "family pool" that we could get into and also the Hilton has their own small pool for guests only.
But those pools are DINKY.
I was extremely disappointed because that was the sole reason I paid more to stay at this hotel.
I understand they serve drinks there and what not, but all I cared about was getting into the pool, relaxing, and having fun.
So we didn't even end up going swimming at all on our trip.
Now, back to the hotel.
We checked in WAY early, around 9:30am.
Check in time there is 4:00.
We requested early check in, but that's never a guarantee.
We also requested a nice upper level room with a view.
So we went out to go shopping and at around 3:30 I think it was they called me and told me our room was ready.
We got there and we were on the 12th floor.
We got a one bedroom suite.
A beautiful room with a GREAT view of the pool.
Yeah, the pool we couldn't get into... Ugh.
The room was spacious and really clean with the exception of the tub.
There were feet marks in it.
Oh well, easy fix.
We cleaned it ourselves.
The full kitchen is equipped with everything you need to make a meal.
Pots, pans, measuring spoons, plates, silverware, salt and pepper.
THERE IS EVEN AN ICE MACHINE IN THE FRIDGE IN YOUR ROOM.
I thought that was amazing.
I use a lot of ice and not having to go down to the hallway in my PJ's was kinda exciting.
Bed was very comfortable and there is a DVD player and a small safe in the living room.
Water pressure of the shower was perfect, and the HUGE jacuzzi tub was awesome and could probably easily fit a couple people in it if you really wanted to party... but this really isn't a party hotel.
I saw mostly families and older couples here which is nice, because it made for a nice and quiet nights sleep.
2 sink areas in the bathroom and plenty of electrical outlets for whatever you need.
Washer and dryer in the suite.
We honestly weren't in the room very much but it was lovely.. other than the parking.
This is the only reason I gave the hotel 4 stars.
You share the parking garage with the flamingo.
floors 3-7 are for guests (1-2 for valet only) and self parking is free.
Valet is $10, but we didn't have much luggage so we decided to try it.
WORST DESIGNED PARKING GARAGE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE.
It's like a maze trying to get through there.
You'll be on level 5 and you'll go up and now you're on level 4.
Anyway, spots are small and VERY hard to find (it's a tiny parking garage), there is no elevator which can be annoying.
During the daytime it's semi-easy to find a spot (they have spots designated for Hilton guests only which is cool) but at night time you may be s**t out of luck.
The only way you'll find a spot is if you're lucky enough to catch someone leaving.
You'd be better off using the valet, especially if you have a lot of luggage.
There's a small deli in the hotel with some essentials and then a good variety of snacks and made on the spot sandwiches.
Not too expensive either.
Nice workout facility, it had a few treadmills, ellipticals, weights, and a scale.
Very clean also.
Sauna and spa too.
Overall this was a very nice stay, great hotel, and the staff was really friendly.
I would stay here again, but once I'm 21 I can stay anywhere so I may try another hotel.
We'll see.

For the price, this is an awesome place to stay just off the strip.
Great condo-esque accomodations, love the pool and like the resort-like atmosphere, that's what I'm talking about!

The resort is behind the Flamingo resort.
The picture of the resort on their web page is deceiving.
The pool is Flamingo they let Hilton guests use it.
The music was very loud eventhough the property director insisted that noise is constantly monitor.
Flamingo's pool close at 5 PM, Hilton's pool is very small.
The location of the prperty is great.
Beware of the garage, they again share the garage with Flamingo.
The elevator location in the garage is located closed to Flamingo property than Hilton.
You have to use the walkway from 3 level walk about 1000 feet then walk down the steps to get to Hilton.
If you have a problem wirh the resort, don't bother to complaint.
The resort director will casually brush off your concerns and cannot admit that there are rooms for improvement.
If you like loud music and partying this resort is definitely yours.

3 for being clean and ok location.
The sales pitch was going well until Bob and Will, got involved.
These manager types made it feel like the car buying experience!
Be aware!
The access to Flamingo Pool is great.
I won't stay here again as I prefer the real vegas experience in a casino based hotel.
Those wanting to avoid that, this is a good option.

The reviews on the Flamingo are mixed and I am convinced that is because of the variance in rooms.
My husband and I stayed here during our honeymoon.
We upgraded to a go-room which makes all the difference and we would not have stayed in anything less at this hotel.
I scouted for months for the right hotel in Vegas and I chose the Flamingo over the Bellagio or the Cosmopolitan for a few very good reasons.
First off, we don't gamble.
We were in Vegas for a week and gambled four dollars so the casino which is not so ritzy did not matter.
The pool however is fucking amazing.Yes.
F-bomb amazing.
Gorgeous waterfalls and palm trees.
The pool here is fabulous, a little MTV on the weekends but all of Vegas is like that on the weekends.
Buffet, ehhh.
all buffets suck in my opinion.
The go-rooms, awesome!
We paid 60 dollars a night with our package and had a t.v.
in our bathroom mirror as well as bose speakers in our bathroom, cable, a surround sound stereo with ipod adapt-abilities, a mini fridge to keep or bevies cold, a dvd player, and we could open our drapes via remote.
I love pink and retro and our room was pink and retro!
As far as the food provided on the strip it all sucks as to true tourist dinning but we actually found the best food and bang for our buck here than at places like the Paris or the Venitian.
I would totally stay here again, mainly because of the pool.
If you want a great pool the Flamingo will not disappoint.
You will forget you are in the desert.

My husband and I do not get a lot of vacation or alone time together.
I was so excited to go to Las Vegas!
But The Flamingo was awful!
The hallways smelled.
The size of our room was ok.
They only had a room with 2 beds for us-( fine if he acted up my hubby could sleep in that bed ) Our toilet flooded the first morning and it took them 2 hours to bring a plunger.
I was disgusted!
This place was like a Motel 6!!!
I will NEVER stay at  the Flamingo again.
In fact I feel the need to go to Vegas again just so I can have a happy experience.

The rooms are spacious.
The location is on the strip so no need for cab to haul your behind to another location.
Staff is always  friendly, except concierge, they can kiss my butt.
Only bad thing is that they charge for Valet $10/day but you really give in to it because to park at the parking structure at the Flamingo is 1.
A pain in the arse 2.
A far walk from the hotel and 3.
When you come in late at night, the last thing you want to do is walk some more after you've been walking all day.
I prefer this HGV location over the other ones in town purely bc of that, it's location.
I'd like to give the one at Planet Hollywood a try but even though the HGV sign is on the building, the sales people say that it's not available to stay in, WTF?!
10/26/12: WARNING to those with nice cars, They are currently doing some major construction out there right now which means, dirt, rocks and a whole lot of stuff you don't want to expose your vehicle to.
I have a truck so it wasn't a big deal but you people with nicer cars may think it is... Just saying :)

To start I have stayed at this resort and am an HGVC owner.
This is not my home resort of purchase, but its my favorite Vegas offering as of now.
In the next year Elara and possibly Trump will come online for bookings.
The resort is always clean and looks very nice.
I use the gym and shop at the convenience store inside.
The store offers a lot of items from dry, refrigerated and frozen ice cream.
It is way bigger than any strip hotel sundries shop.
The resort has its own pool and bbq's for owners to use.
There is a walkway outside the back lobby entrance.
The walkway takes you to a private HGVC entrance to the large Flamingo pool.
In the summer the pool gets crowded and has a loud DJ.
This being said, the crowd is typically there to party, I mean it Vegas guys, you have to expect that.
The noise from the Flamingo pool can be heard easily at the HGVC pool, so take that into consideration please.
The walkway will also take you to the Flamingo hotel where you can access its amenities or the strip.
Prime location as you are walking distance to some of the premier spots (no cab fare) bonus.
Also just outside the lobby is cab service and a few steps to the monorail loading platform.
My experience with the rooms and staff have been pleasurable.
Like with any place you stay there may be something that does not work or things like a crowded pool that can get you aggregated, but I highly recommend this resort.
Families With KIDS;  if you plan to come in the summer please choose the Karen St. Or Strip location if the pool will be a big spot for you guys as this seems a little more taken over by adults.

On a positive note The rooms are spacious and quiet.
Diamond Members please note: in room coffee is the worse, not even drinkable!
no business center, computers are .25 per minute!
A small cafe with limited offerings and Starbucks opens at 7:00AM.
Huge construction project going on.
Not set up for a business traveler.

Had a great stay in Vegas here.
My friend had a time share here and we had a suite.
It had a really nice full kitchen, hot tub, washer and dryer, and 4 beds 2 bath.
It is a convienient place to stay and has a little outdoor pathway to go to the flamingo.
The gym was fairly small, but had all you really needed for a vacation with free weights, eliptical, and tredmill.
There was also a pool table and ping pong table in the lobby which was a nice thing to do when you have nothing else to do.

Attached to the Flamingo a great place to relax away from the mobs.

This is my favorite of the 3 Vegas locations--although one just opened on the south strip (Elara) that I need to check out.
Location, location, location.
Center strip, behind the Flamingo.
Walk through the Flamingo to be with the action.
Access to the (loud, noisy, people-filled) pool inbetween.
The rooms are spectacular and new.
The other locations are also great, but in comparison, I choose Flamingo any day.

This was a great resort to stay for the week.
It is conveniently located in the middle of the strip on the back of the Flamingo Hotel.
Everything we wanted to do was within walking distance.
The monorail was located right in front of the hotel.
The rooms were spacious and clean.
Customer service was prompt and courteous.
I would recommend this HGVC at the Flamingo to all my friends and family.

Came here for my bachelorette party weekend!
My fiance and I just bought into HGVC and this was our first time using it.
Needless to say we were happily surprised with the accommodations.
The rooms were big, the beds were big, the sheets were luxurious, the kitchen was fully equipped  (pots, pans, cookie sheets, mixing bowls, pyrex, blender, and cheese shredder), the spa tubs were fun.
The two rooms fit 6 girls comfortably and the full kitchen was awesome for cooking breakfast, mixing drinks, and drunken midnight snacking.
We were able to fit all 6 girls into the spa tub for some fun relaxing and drinking before heading out for a night of debauchery.
We were also able to use the flamingo pool, which was super fun and beautiful.
My only gripes are that there is no room service during your stay and the walk from the parking lot (which is shared with the flamingo) to the timeshare rooms was super long!
However, it's nice because they offer parking passes for HGVC members with reserved parking, which was convenient because the parking structure was pretty busy.
Overall, I'm so happy with the Flamingo HGVC and I'm glad this is the one we bought into.
The timeshare is great and the location is pretty ideal on the strip.
I'm sure we'll be enjoying Vegas trips here for years to come!

Extremely clean and welcoming location!
I appreciated the attentive staff, and kind greetings.

First stay at this location.overall it is a nice property.
They have done good job with remodeling for being an older property.
It does not have the glitz or glamour of the Trump or Alaria.
Very centrally located, and that is why everyone likes it so much.
Private pool is small.
The worst thing is the SMELL.
Pool is next to.
Garbage area of main flamingo.
So when the wind blows the smell is overpowering!
It is enough to make you sick to your stomach.
Rooms are just as pictured.
Decent sized and maids do a good job cleaning.
In room coffee is really bad!
They need to upgrade to Starbucks or similar for in room.

Excellent!
Location, location, location!
I'm  HGVC owner and really enjoyed this property!

I would not stay here again.
It needs some maintenance work.
Our air was not working and that is important in Vegas.
We called and they said that it would get better.
It never did.
The jazzuci didn't work.
The lights on the elevator were out.
They have the old fashioned, gross bed spreads, not down comforter.
But the worst part was on Thursday night at midnight,....the noise!
The bass from the restaurant at the Flamingo was so loud.
We called to ask when it would stop and they said three in the morning.
They called to have them turn the music down, but they said they are within the legal limits, so they didn't.
Needless to say, no sleep.
They have the music Thurs through the weekend.
We were there during the beginning of the week and there was no music.
So, if you come on the weekend, be prepared for noise at night.
Also, the Go Pool at the Flamingos music is very loud during the day.
Very disappointed with this Hilton property.

First stay at this location.overall it is a nice property.
They have done good job with remodeling for being an older property.
It does not have the glitz or glamour of the Trump or Alaria.
Very centrally located, and that is why everyone likes it so much.
Private pool is small.
The worst thing is the SMELL.
Pool is next to.
Garbage area of main flamingo.
So when the wind blows the smell is overpowering!
It is enough to make you sick to your stomach.
Rooms are just as pictured.
Decent sized and maids do a good job cleaning.
In room coffee is really bad!
They need to upgrade to Starbucks for in r  Response to General Manager: Nice try .
The linq construction is over 100 yards away.
They are building a huge Ferris wheel.
The construction site is not the cause of the horrific smell of GARABGE.
That smell is coming directly from behind the pool.
I know you want to protect your brand name, but please do not try to lie to us.

This property is an embarrassment to the Hilton name.
They did an extremely poor job at remodeling this location.
Everything has been a cosmetic fix.
The jetted tub on our room looks as though its from the 70's, huge, off white with filthy jets.
The doors were chipped.
The fluorescent lighting is definitely not from this era.
And the rust on the bathroom fixtures is disgusting!
To top it off, they can't get their check out times figured out.
We called the front desk at 10 to confirm the checkout time.
The gentleman says 11.
By 10:55 we're getting a phone call from the front desk asking us what time we're checking out because checkout was at 10.
Really?!?!?
The staff here is poorly trained!
We waited almost 20 minutes for the bell boy so we can check our bags at the bell desk prior to departure.
When I asked the lady who called us (I knew it was her because of her Filipino accent, and she was the only Asian one there).
She was quick and short in her response.
Not sure if all the eye makeup was causing her head to be too heavy thus leaving her to NOT speak or think clearly!
Nonetheless, it is the ultimate WORSE Hilton property in Las Vegas!
They need to tear this place down, and rebuild instead of trying to continuously upgrade.
I do not recommend this location nor would I return!

Do NOT stay at or purchase this property UNLESS you like practically NON STOP rhythmic DJ, booming NOISE which invades every space in the property!
We purchased two units at this property in mid 90's.
We were delighted with it for about 10 years .
The past few years it has become increasingly LESS like the property we purchased.
The amenities and benefits that were part of the sales pitch and bargain we had, were taken away one by one.
Discounts at the resident deli, No More.
Discounts at the Flamingo Hotel, NO MORE.
But, with each change, we adjusted.
Were disappointed, but adjusted.
Now, as of this visit, we will NEVER stay here again.
There is NO PLACE in this entire property where one can go and be free on the constant noise - POUNDING, boom boom booming noise from the Flamingo Hotel's pool and bar.
It goes from 8 am to 6 PM at the pool and then from 6 pm to 1 or 3 AM in the bar.
I LOVE music.
We are hear for a rhythm and blues festival which we have enjoyed for 3 days at ANOTHER property.
But THIS is not music.
A shouting DJ accompanies this much of the time.
Our entire party of people found themselves becoming agitated .
As a result, The Flamingo pool area which was also used as a selling point for these units is a most unpleasant place and in some cases, you have to PAY to enter the pool area because a fence has been placed around the perimeter.
We tried to sit outside even at THIS pool, or outside the deli -- no way.
The accommodations and personnel here are fine, but, those factors sadly fade because just 'being' here is so unpleasant.
We are checking out a day earlier just to leave this situation behind us.
I will attempt to trade into other HGVC properties when I come back to Las Vegas.

I have experienced a lot better from other HGVC locations.
I've stayed here twice before.
Never were we notified that there was construction going on.
We arrived and were able to check in and get our luggage to our room no problem.
We had two rooms that were not connected by a middle door but we could prop our doors open and just have the front main door closed.
We had issues throughout our stay- bell guy/ staff did not bring the door stops up.
I stopped by the desk and the employee was scourging around trying to find two and finally said that he would have them sent up.
We also had the main door and elevator rejecting our room keys.
This was a non-stop occurrence.
We made sure the key was not by any electronic device.
The key would work on the elevator but not the door.
Then the security guy told us that they disabled the locking mechanism on the main door so that if two different parties were staying, they couldn't lock anyone out.
Well this was an inconvenience and the employees behind the desk kept blaming us that the keys stopped working.
That made me pissed off.
$10 a day to valet, no thanks.
I will gladly go park my car in the parking garage on the 4th floor.
I hate that the pools are mainly in the shade by 4:30.
I enjoy that this place is just about in the center of the strip and you can access many things.
I am just disappointed in the customer service.

While not decorated in the most modern or stylish decor, these apartments are well appointed, clean, spacious, and quite comfy.
Just because brown carpet and green furniture and wall accents is not at the top of my definition of tasteful, don't let it stop you.
If you want to stay quite near the strip, in a wonderful huge suite with kitchen, separate bedroom, huge bath, and more, this is the place!
Parking is a snap, with valet available 24x7.
I will say that taxi service for an early morning flight can be a challenge, since this behind-the-strip spot is not on the regular rounds for taxis.
The valet kindly ran all the way to Flamingo to get us a 5am car so we could catch our flight and we compensated him appropriately.
However, next time, I'll just reserve a car to reduce the stress level for everyone involved.
Finally, if you make a reservation here, they may call you a dozen times to attempt to sign you up for some kind of sales pitch / time-share / who knows two-hour deal.
I'm fine with saying No so it didn't bother me.
I can't give you any details since I've not attended nor will I ever.
If you find out what this is about and whether they really give you $200 to attend (as the last solicitor claimed), let me know.
I'm curious but not curious enough to go...

Gorgeous units!
Check in is behind flamingo.
These units are super nice but hardly ever available.
The unit I stayed in was a 1 bedroom unit and it came equipped with a bar, breakfast area, dining area, full kitchen, living room, 1.5 bathrooms, a nice jacuzzi tub, and most units have a view of the new ferris wheel or the flamingo gardens and pool area.
Very well kept and updated with granite.
Front desk staff were really nice and the gift shop is very reasonably priced compared to the rest of strip.
they have great snacks and very friendly workers too.
just a few steps outside to the door to the flamingo for the nearest casino and restaurants.
you can't charge the gift shops from the flamingo to your room but you can the restaurants.

I stayed at this hotel completely free of charge for my 21st birthday a few years ago with much thanks to one of my best friend's parents who have time share.
My three best friends and I, along with our lovely "chaperones" relaxed in a two bedroom suite complete with a full kitchen with a stove, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, utensils such as pots, pans, plates, silverware, etc.
and even a washing machine and dryer!
I was ecstatic to find a brand new roll of paper towels, sponge, and dishwashing detergent to use.
The pots and pans sure came in handy when I cooked beef ramen noodles over the stove while my friends used the jacuzzi in the main bedroom portion of the suite.
We ate our midnight snack at the four person dining table.
I still couldn't believe there were no walls dividing our own jacuzzi in between the dual sink vanity and king bed/pull out sofa bed in the second bedroom (complete with mini refrigerator/microwave/sink).
It was a bunch of open space that I found hilarious.
Each bedroom has its own pull out sofa bed so up to eight people can stay in the two bedroom suites.
It was convenient to "prop open" the doors leading directly to the rooms and keep the outer double doors locked, as another yelper previously mentioned.
Ooo!
There's a doorbell outside!
One issue I had was difficulty inserting the room key into the elevator to identify me as a guest.
The green light only lit up about twice for the duration of the trip.
We used self parking which is very close to the hotel.
The monorail is conveniently located in between the Flamingo and Hilton as well; from what I remember you have to walk up the stairs.
Make sure to get the free booklet of info and coupons for the week you're there at the station!
Front desk staff was very nice about lending us the ping pong paddles at 11pm our last night there.
I believe you can purchase disposable ping pong balls from a candy-like dispenser for a quarter.
I loved how close this hotel is to the Flamingo pool (which you can use, just show your room key).
The Hilton pool may be heated, but the Flamingo one creates a waterfall/cave effect you can stand under and has a small slide.
Towels were free to use.
There were plenty of chaise lounges to sit on at 9:30am (had to avoid the scorching August weather).
My favorite part of this hotel is how much I feel at home.
Full kitchen.
Washer and dryer.
I washed my own dishes on vacation!
And we didn't have to spend a cent on breakfast because my friend's parents cooked for us before they enjoyed their time at the casinos!
The bed was comfy, bathroom was sized normally, the rooms themselves had plenty of room and a TV in each (plus the living room).
I would definitely stay here again when I go back with the same friends and it'll be conveniently located next to the LINQ.

Great hotel that I really enjoyed staying at.
Not so crazy like some of the big hotels and very clean and consistent like a hilton property should be.

This was home base for my trek out to Las Vegas.
The Hilton Grand Vacations Suites is a timeshare hotel, just barely detached from the Flamingo and only a block off the Strip.
The suite itself is certainly not lacking in size: once entering the main door, there are separate doors to the living units on either side.
Off to the right is the smaller of the two, a quite sizable hotel room complete with a king-size bed, sofabed, mini-fridge, microwave, whirlpool tub and bathroom with a glass-door shower.
And there's even a bath-towel elephant waiting for you on your bed!
Off to the left is the much larger master suite: a full kitchen (graciously stocked with all manner of cooking utensils, a smaller living room with a surprisingly comfortable sofa bed, and a separate bedroom with king-size bed, flatscreen TV and hot tub.
The staff was helpful and courteous.

