I've never been that impressed with Paradise Bakery, but the food is good.
Not mind blowing, but good.
The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming, but the ordering system is confusing and needlessly complicated.
Why can't they do it Subway style and just pass the sandwich down the counter?
That seems so much easier than writing everything down on a slip of paper and figuring out where to go with your food to pay and such.
I would have given this place 3 stars, but it was their ginger and molasses cookies that made it 4 stars.
I LOVE their ginger and molasses cookies, it's like crack baked in an oven.
Given the choice, I would rather go to another cafe like Panera or Boudin, but Paradise is definitely not a bad choice.

I guess a lot of people go there for B/L/D?
We've tried it for breakfast (muffins with very low degree of filling flavor) and lunch (sandwiches).
I argued 2-3 stars with myself.
Two because I think their ordering system sucks.
Three because their food can often be good (not all the time, but often).
I'll keep looking for something tastier.
But Paradise is not bad.

The food is consistently the same at all Paradise Bakeries but what a difference management makes.
If you compared this location to the location at 67th and 101, you would never think they are part of the same chain.
We have consistently stood in front of the soup line making eye contact with 3-4 different staff members...they all look away.
You don't know if only certain, select people at this location can ladle a bowl of soup.
We have had so many poor experiences at this location, we finally decided to go a little further and frequent the location at 101 and 67th...what a difference supervision makes and professional management.

I was happy when they built this location because it's so close by!
They are always friendly when we come in, and we always get our food quickly, no matter what time of the day we come in.

Paradise Bakery is usually a good place to go for a quick bit to eat if you're looking for a sandwich, soup or salad and there's not a Wildflower or Jason's deli near by.
Their food is fresh and they have fantastic bakery items.
Their service is not consistent in this location so you may have a wonderful experience or a disappointment.
They are not accommodating when it comes to customer request that differ from their menu options.
Southwest chicken Caesar and their crumbly blue cheese with chicken added are good salad options.
Not a fan of their chicken neither noodle nor beef barley soups.
Stick with their fire roasted garlic tomato soup if you want something warm to eat.
Their sandwiches are ok, not deli quality but ok.
I would stick with something made with either turkey or chicken, for their hams and beefs are lacking.
Their cookies, cakes and muffins are what keeps me coming back.
They offer seasonal selections with their bakery items so try something new when you go.
In a pinch for something fresh and quick to eat, this is a good Paradise Bakery to go to.

Just had the Fiji Apple Chicken Salad...Excellent!!

I'm a fan again, now that they have changed their menu.
I used to love the chicken ranch they took away years ago so I avoid this place now.
I had to stop it this past week since I am sick of the same old stuff near my home and noticed they have masculine food here now.
I ordered a steak & white cheddar panini that was fantastic!
I have to try a few others now so I will probably be coming back.
I also ordered a cup of clam chowder that was pretty darn good as well.
The atmosphere at this location is nice but I still stay away from breakfast here.
The cookies and baked goods are always great.

I have heard so many good things about Paradise Bakery and was looking forward to trying this supposed "AWESOME" place, well.......
So we arrived early afternoon on a Sunday and the place was almost empty--only 4 tables were occupied.
Since I was a PB virgin, I was not sure how the ordering system worked and the staff was not very helpful (I guess they assume everyone is a return customer.
)  We ordered our sandwiches, asked for a cup of soup and a cup of  fruit, were given cups for our drinks and sat down.
Our meal came out within a short period of time---nice!
However, I have to say, the sandwiches were just okay---nothing, I mean NOTHING special.
The taste was okay, but I expected SO MUCH MORE- --certainly NOT gourment sandwiches!
After spending $30.00 on 2 sandwiches, 2 sides and 2 drinks, I feel my time, energy, oh, and not to mention my money  were wasted---but at least I can say that I am not a Paradise virgin any more.....(maybe the bakery items are worth the trip??

OVERATED!
Not impressive in the least bit.
Nothing special, not fresh and the service was sub par.
Wildflower is far superior.

I was here for 4 days with my hasnand and each day we could not wait to go and have breakfast here.
He had the jalapeño chedder bagel and I had the asiago bagel breakfast sandwich.
Both were supper yummy.
The only thing he mentioned is that it was only a hint of jalapeño  and he wished for actual jalapeños.
Coffee is great and they state when it was brewed.
The last day I went healthy and had there oatmeal.
Yummy.
It had strawberries and pecans.
I feel ready to take on the day.
Angela came by to check on us and was great to tell us a little about the place.
I have left the best for last.
The have the absolutely best cookies.
So moist and perfect flavor.
I hope you try this place out and have the same great experience.

I was a fan of this place till they started taking all the best sandwiches off the menu a few years back.
Hoping they would someday return, I would find myself trying whatever was left.
They recently came out with a whole new menu and it looked like things could be getting better.
But nope.
This place is so inconsistent with food prep, I can't even stand it!
Drives me crazy!
How difficult is it to make a salad or a grilled cheese?
Apparently, it's a doozy of a job.
On a positive note, they do make an excellent chocolate chip cookie!

Huge choice of sandwiches, salads, and soups.
Also many bakery items.
Everything was good, only drawback for me is food does taste mass produced  ie salad dressing tastes very generic, nothing special, and the chocolate chip cookie has a wee bit of a non homemade taste to it, maybe preservatives?
They were good texture, and had lots of chips ;)

There was a serious lack of personality, and polite customer service in our past visit.
The cashier didn't bother with a hello or good morning, just a what can I get for you.
Ok, fine, whatever, but we hadn't even looked at the menu yet.
When the bf and I were discussing with each other what we were thinking of ordering, eager beaver cashier girl took that as us talking to her and started trying to ring things in... mind you, we were a good 5 ft away from the counter, facing each other and using our "library voices".
Obnoxious!
They also had the lines laid out differently and forced you to walk through people sitting trying to eat at the high tops in order to get to your order and drinks.
Very awkward.
My egg white sandwich was supposed to have tomatoes on in per the menu... it had 2 sad could of been a tomato at one point tomatoes on one side of the sandwich.
What I find to be interesting is... if you order a lunch sandwich you get a cookie.
If you order a breakfast sandwich, you don't.... what the h man?
Just because it is 9 am doesn't mean I am not jonesin' for a cookie!
The saving grace of this visit.... a random offensive, yet hilarious giant cookie on display which provided tons of laughs.

Fabulous.
I love their cookies of course, but their salads and soups are great.
The bread is perfect.
Everyone at my work eats here at some point during the week for lunch.
It's just a staple at this point!

It's okay.
Food is decent, though pricey for what you get.
Service is inconsistent.
I don't like how sometimes the bakery-side register is open and sometimes not.
Also wish they would police the coffee station more often, especially during off-peak times.
I got a cold cup from a pot once and the counter guy offered to either microwave it or make a fresh pot.
I was surprised that he actually offered to microwave it, seems like a sub-par option for that type of cafe-bakery chain.
I opted for a clean mug and found a pot that still had hot coffee in it.
I love how they have the Frontega chicken sandwich, a menu addition since they merged with Panera Bread company.
I used to live in Florida and miss Panera!

My wife and I eat there once a week because it is near our gym.
The salads and the black bean soup are great!
They also have a loyalty card that gives you a free meal after 12 paid meals that definitely make it worth while to keep coming back and the cookies aren't bad either...

Whenever I go out to lunch with my sister and my two small nephews, this is where we end up.
Matt (five years old) LOVES the kids turkey sandwich.
Pretty funny.
He devours the thing, slurps down the gogurt and loves the huge chocolate chip cookie that comes with it.
Chris (three) loves the Mac n cheese, and ya know what?
It's actually pretty good.
Aunt Andrea usually ends up finishing it for him... Not complaining there.
I usually get a different sandwich each time, but I always get the Greek salad and it's great every time.
Very fresh ingredients.
The only thing I don't like about this type of store is how confusing it is.
Especially when people are in line behind you, there's so much pressure!
There are too many options and it's hard to take it all in.
But when I do finally pick something (usually at random just to be done with it), it's always enjoyable.

Never disappointed.
Favorites are turkey cranberry sandwich or chicken and avocado colb salad!
Cookies are the best too!

Awesome place... Just upset they took my salmon salad off the menu.
No more fish at all and that's what I like to eat when I'm out.
Their cookies and acai berry drink are awesome!

The staff is always super nice, friendly, and helpful, and I love the food.
The sandwiches can be a little overprice for what you're actually getting but I love the paradise bread, so it works out:) and I LOVE the autumn squash soup!
And I don't know how the cookies are always perfectly soft....but they're so good!

I came in with my mother on the 19th for a late dinner.
She's never been to Paradise Bakery (I eat at the one in N. Scottsdale all the time) so I thought it would be a nice treat...it wasn't.
First off they rambled off a bunch of bread they didn't have which in turn meant a bunch of sandwiches they couldn't make.
There really isn't a good excuse for running out of bread in a bakery, there just isn't.
My mom picked a sandwich and asked for the mayo to be served on the side, simple request but she said they already premade all their sandwiches so it was take it or leave it.
What?
You premade all your sandwiches???
Gross  Moving on, mom picked a different sandwich, something with chicken that they could put on different bread.
We both got some soup, a drink and those amazing carrot cake bites.
She opened her sandwich to take a peek and the chicken was pink.
Not just a little undercooked but RAW.
She took it right up to the counter and they made her a salad instead but it really grossed us both out.
I will never eat chicken here and I highly doubt my mother will ever be back!

I work close to paradise so I've been going there for 3 years now.
They use to be super nice and very professional.
I almost got sick of the food so I cut it down to once a week.
They eventually raised their prices and cut down their proportions A LOT!
Even on the dressings it's like who can even finish their salad with such little amount??
Recently Zupas cafe opened up right next to the theaters and I've been in love ever since!
A whole sandwich and salad/soup for $8.50?!
With better quality and they aren't stingy over there.
Anyways.
Today...
I realized I had a free meal at paradise, so I decided to give them another chance.
As I'm ordering I confirmed with Tristi?
Christy?
That if I get a whole sandwich or entree pasta, can I still get a salad, and still be considered the free meal.
And confirmed it and said I can get anything.
So me thinking, gee what a steal, I'm gunna get pasta entree and a salad with BLUE CHEESE dressing.
I go to cash out and she said she's charging me for the $12 pasta because it doesn't include the entree.
I told her I asked the front lady twice and the cashier didn't even budge.
Jus said sorry and asked for my card to pay.
Frustrated as all hell, I went back to eat at work and the pasta was so bland.
The salad didn't come with the dressing I wanted and came with a lemon and berry vinegarette.
I was so disappointed.
On the plus side my cookie was warm from sitting on the pasta.
So thanks for the free warm cookie.
I will NOT be returning.

Paradise Bakeries are always good - but a bit spendy.
I really wish we would get the Panera side of this company (both are owned by the same company.
)   The food here is delish.
The tomato soup is to die for.
The Steak and cheddar sandwiches are delightful, but for me and a guest  when - 2 soups, 2 sandwiches and 2 drinks come to over $30 bucks in a quasi- fast food joint - that's a bit spendy.
The best part is the free wifi.
The only cameras are at the registers so feel free to walk into any Paradise and do any salacious emailing and browsing you wish.
They can't track you.
Just make sure you have your back to the wall and no one can see what you are doing.

Terrible service!!
Rude manager!
Lost a customer for life And the manager didn't care

