So many cafes are just a bit mediocre or standard, so it was a treat to recently come across a cafe I hadn't been to before in Edinburgh, and also to leave impressed.
I like the fact Word of Mouth is away from the hubbub of the centre of town, tucked away down a side street off Leith Walk.
No doubt a lot of Leithers will already frequent Word of Mouth, but the simple, wooden furniture, modern, coloured lamps hanging overhead and relaxed vintage feel of this cafe will definitely tempt me to walk a bit further away from town in the future.
The staff were lovely, and the feeling of the clientele and the place was chilled out and easy.
Much to my annoyance, I wasn't at all hungry, but the mezze section of the ethically sourced food menu looked fantastic, as did the homemade cakes on display.
I also noticed the cafe holds performance poetry and music open mic nights, which felt entirely right to me, as this seems like the perfect venue for such events.

Ironically, I did hear through word of mouth about this place, I got a recommendation and a complaint.
So i decided to give it a try.
The first gripe I heard was about the distance of the staff; apparently a bunch "day dreamers".
This was not the case, they girl that served me was very friendly and asked me how my day was.
What sets this apart from the other numerous cafes in the city are the wonderful home made cakes.
If you've read my reviews before you'll know I'm a sugar whore, so this place was bound to please me.
I got a little fairy cake (nice manly blue one) and a latte which were actually very reasonable at about £3.
The only bad thing I can say is the seats out front are like being back at school.
Book your chiropractor appointment before your visit.
The word of mouth...it's great!

In a time where chain coffee stores and sandwich places are taking over the world, its actually great to find a little bit of resistance tucked away from the epicentre of Star Costanero etc.
Word of Mouth is a very unassuming little place off Leith Walk, with its old wooden seats and clean crisp image - but with a bit of a retro feel to it.
Word of Mouth also happens to do some really cracking coffee and cakes, at reasonable prices too.
There is a selection of hot foods too, including a mezze for around £15 which although I didnt try, I really really want to because all of the dishes looked amazing as I jealously watched others order.
Staff are friendly, although they tended to be a little slow, but no matter because it realy is worth the wait.
Word of Mouth is a great little place thats doing things its own way, so pass it on.

Tucked away up a side street near Edinburgh's takeaway epicentre, finding Word of Mouth is like uncovering hidden treasure!
Individual, eclectic and carrying the personality of the staff, it is a rustic looking coffee shop selling hearty portions of healthy food.
The menu is contained, but you are given many options as to what you desire on your sandwich or ciabatta bread.
The staff make a wonderful coffee and boast of having a huge amount of veggie options.
My ciabatta was gorgeous.
Went for the Greek fillings as usual (I am so boringly predictable) but it makes me a good judge of food from the Med since I've tasted enough sun dried tomatoes to know quality by now!
I can happily report that my lunch was delicious, not to mention healthy - my ciabatta was engulfed by salad!
The staff were relaxed and breezy, but left me with a bit of peace and quiet to read my book as the Beatles played on in the background.
But aside from all these plus points, what makes Word of Mouth so special for me is the fact it is entirely individual.
It's personal, plays a part in Edinburgh's creative culture by hosting various evenings, and sells prints made by the people working in the shop.
Its walls pay tribute to bygone era's, with a lot of 50s pin up art gracing the walls.
It's not the kind of place where an employee is going to get sacked for wearing a headband and hanging a picture up in the wrong place, which is what wins me over most of all.
With its kitschy, home kitchen appeal, hodge podge of wall art and card collections, I guess Jonathon was right in saying it fronts a coffee shop revolution of sorts.
It's unique and isn't trying to be uniform, which is enough of a revolt against commercialism to get me coming back for more!

I think this place has a pretty cool name which is definitely in tandem with its clean, vibrant and almost retro image.
The interior is stylish and modern, but feels a bit ragged round the edge which suits the whole ambiance of the bistro.
I don't have a particularly sweet tooth but they have a huge range of tempting cakes and muffins.
Further, just about everything on the menu is made from ethical sources and its a strong advocator of Fairtrade produce.
I had the scrambled eggs on toast which had herbs mixed in with it and tasted delicious.
The service was friendly but everyone at the counter did seem to be waiting for quite a while.
Nevertheless, the food is certainly worth the wait and their lunchtime menu has plenty of tasty-looking and healthy Mediterranean options like olives with feta cheese and cured meat.
If this isn't enough they also do open mic and even poetry events which they advertise inside.
Word of Mouth is a great place to get health, tasty food or even some evening entertainment - well worth a visit.

Word of Mouth was the first place my friend (a former Leith-er) ever took me to in Leith.
I was starving and she had some errands to run, so I promised that I'd go with her if and only if she took me somewhere good to eat.
And she did.
And I ate spanicopitta (delicious!
) and something else I can't totally recall, but I remember it being fairly delicious and pretty affordable.
We didn't get to stay very long as my friend had to run to catch a train, but it felt like the kinda place I could definitely sit around drinking coffee and having wee bites to eat.

My tummy and tastebuds are very happy after my Sunday brunch at Word of Mouth.
Situated on the slightly derelict Albert Street, in the hit-and-miss Leith area, I can tell I will become a frequent customer when in the Leith area.
There aren't many other cafes around, but rather than rest on its laurels that it'll get customers purely due to lack of other options, Word of Mouth seems to be trying its darndest to provide delicious food, in a very homely and hand-made environment.
First, to get the bad stuff out of the way.
We came here around 11am on Sunday morning and it was really busy.
It's small inside, with the tables quite squashed up.
There was one girl cooking and one girl doing everything else - serving, the till, tidying tables, taking orders.
This means we waited...and waited...
So service was slow.
But not in a lazy "we'll get round to it" way.
The poor girl was frazzled, and run off her feet.
So I was sympathetic rather than annoyed.
Also, when we placed our breakfast order, she did at least tell us there'd be a 15 minute wait.
Yes, a wait is annoying, but I'd much rather be told than not.
So they were conscientious that they were busy.
For breakfast there are all the usual things: sausages, bacon, eggs, the 'big breakfast', or filled rolls.
Lunch started at 1pm and I will definitely be back to sample some of the delicious sounding sandwiches and mezze platters.
But I piped for a poached egg on toast with bacon and eggs, and the boy had the big breakfast (complete with haggis, this made me happy).
Oh my goodness me, the breakfast was delicious.
The bread, thick brown wholemeal, it was delicious in itself.
I've no idea where they get it from, but it was almost as good as cake.
The egg poached perfectly too.
All in all, it was scrumptious.
And it definitely hit the spot.
The portion was really big too, and it made me sad I couldn't finish it.
Considering the prices (super cheap!
) you do get very good value for money.
They also have movie nights here, which sound lovely.
It's very rare I'll give somewhere 5 stars unless it is nothing but perfection.
The service and waiting time wasn't perfect, but the food more and made up for this.
There were also some delicious looking cakes (home-baked) that I'll have to come back, try and report on.
Oh the things I do for Yelp!

Popped by here again, this time for lunch rather than brunch so there was a lot more to choose from.
Equally satisfied with my lunch as my previous breakfast.
I had a ciabatta with tuna, mozarella and olives (my own choice, they have that delightful but time-consuming option of choose what you want).
It was big, served with salad, and it was very tasty.
The boy had the chicken monsieur (like a croque monsieur but with chicken).
Wow.
The chicken was as if it had been pulled off a fresh roasted bird.
Not packet, definitely home cooked.
And it was a good size.
Croque monsieurs can go so wrong and be so greasy, but the cheese topping was perfect, and there wasnt too much cheese inside (you can tell I tried some).
I was sorely tempted by the cakes but was stuffed from my ciabatta.
They look delicious though.
My only wee nagging 'meh' that has happened on both visits now is that there are only two staff on, and despite being small, it's busy.
It means there's always a table uncleared and it takes a while to get served.
So don't come here if you need a fast and snappy lunch.
But if you have an hour or so to yourself and want some tasty food, this place is a winner.

I think Word of Mouth may have invented the door-stop sandwich.
Seriously, that beast was epic.
I had to eat it with my fork and knife.
The food in Work of Mouth really is fantastic, freshly-made and nommers, at exceptional value.
The boy and I stopped by here for Sunday brunch (that really became lunch as it was 1.30pm).
Between us we had a soup, chicken sandwich, mediterranean vegetables mezze platter, and a chicken croque monsieur, one OJ and an iced tea for the costly sum of £15.
Yep, £15 for all that food.
And had you seen the portions you'd have realised just how much it was.
I had the chicken pesto sandwich on brown bread.
I kid you not each slice of bread was about 1 inch thick.
I had to take off the top slice and eat the bottom slice with chicken with my cutlery.
To be honest it was a little too much bread but the boy was happy to dip the rest of mine in his soup.
The pesto they slathered on was great.
And the chicken.
Oh the chicken.
I noticed they were about to pop a chicken in the oven to roast.
Yes, they roast their own chicken for all their sandwiches, and use the bones for the soup stock (with veggie options too of course).
The chicken was pulled from a fresh roast, was fresh, chunky, full of flavour.
Sliced packet chicken this was not.
The mezze platter of med veggies were also obviously freshly made in house and a very ample serving.
The chicken croque monsieur really is gigantic, and comes with chips.
All of the food was just so good and I really can't say enough what good value for money it is.
The space here really is lovely too, quirky and fun.
Just a shame there isn't a better view out the window.
My only, only irk is that the staff are a little muddled.
They're lovely, really sweet and friendly, but seemed a little confused about several things including what the soups were and it can be a little slow.
I'm willing to overlook this due to the awesome food, value and the fact that they're nice.
But if they ran a tighter ship this would be a solid 5 stars.
If you're in the Leith Walk area and want breakfast, brunch, lunch or an evening mezze meal (you can BYOB) then definitely seek out Word of Mouth.

Had the big breakfast (wanted to try haggis and black pudding for the first time) at a reasonable price.
Nice little spot with a few tables and window-front seating.
Breakfast made in front of you, if you want to watch.

What I did love about WoM is the ambience on a Sunday afternoon.
Chillout music (although the pace clearly changed as we left, music from 40's-50's to Indie Rock), the eclectic surroundings.
I was however a little disappointed in the menu given previous reviews and found it more limited than what I was expecting.
I had the morroccan cous cous sandwich - couscous stuffed into pita bread - the couscous was bland and the chilli mayonnaise, distinctly lacking in chilli.
Frozen chips that were distinctly cardboardy.
The boy was expecting his breakfast roll to have two halves of ciabatta, not one.
Not sure where we missed out here.
Despite that, WoM has heart, which is nice to see in any business, but it's probably not one I'll frequent.

It's cold outside, you're jet-lagged, there's no food in the house.
It speaks volumes that the first place that pops to mind in a wee café tucked up Albert Street -Word of Mouth.
The place that feels like home, where you'll go despite the slightly longer wait for food, and crammed tables.
The place that the food tastes like all things good about the famed Scottish diet.
A double breakfast roll will only set you back £2 and a tea £1.
The breakfast roll is actually half a ciabatta but it has inside the most deliciously poached egg, peppered with herbs.
And the black pudding that you manage to snaff from your boyfriend's plate is just dreamy.
The full breakfast comes with just that, black pudding, and haggis, and bacon, and eggs, sausage, beans, huge slices of brown toast.
It's just...good.
As a note to my previous reviews, the menu seems to have been cut down somewhat.
They have changed the book-style menu to a clipboard menu and whilst most of the breakfast items look the same, I noticed in Catriona C's review that it has cut down on lunch items.
Also I can't vouch for quality of food, but I'm pretty sure they still only use free-range chicken, roast their own chicken and pull the meat for the sandwiches, and use the bones for chicken stock.
There's bunting hanging from the ceiling, board games to play, movie nights, delicious cakes, retro british sweeties, kitschy art-work pieces on the wall to buy, delicious food.
yes it's a little small, a little cramped, service can be a little slow, tables aren't always cleared on time.
But it feels like home.
(Who clears up their own dinner dishes the second after they've eaten anyway?

Don't wrinkle your nose at me, young woman!
It's bad enough to not smile at customers, but to look at them as though they're something slightly puzzling that has blown in under the door really isn't the best customer service.
I wondered if I had jam round my mouth, or twigs in my hair, but no, my companions got much the same look when they arrived.
And an underwhelming apology when they had to send coffee back for being cold.
So - it's a nice wee cafe, the coffee was good (when it was hot) and the croissant delicious.
But the customer service leaves a bit to be desired.

I have a real, proper soft spot for Word of Mouth.
It's quirky and full of personality, kind of squirrelled away off the main drag on Leith Walk, and never fails to make me smile.
The cafe is small, with higgeldy piggeldy wooden tables and chairs for you to choose from.
Downstairs there is a veritable treasure trove of crafty delights and gifts, ideally placed on the way to the loos.
I find myself pottering around downstairs looking to spend pennies, before I actually, well, spend a penny.
There are paintings from local artists on the walls for you to buy, retro sweeties and a big selection of cakes and other sweet treats lining the counter.
I've eaten here several times and the food has always been good.
Last visit saw me chow down on leek and potato soup with crusty bread.
It was like a farmers' lunch - hearty or what.
There's something very unique about WoM.
Long may its doors be open for me to come through :)

Not a bad place for a cooked breakfast, especially on weekends when breakfast is served all day and you don't have to roll out of bed early!
The prices are cheap and the portions are ample.
The Eggs Benedict is a mere £5.95 and comes with friggin' CRISPY BACON.
Delicious, magical crispy bacon.
The Eggs Florentine, while not quite as amazing, is still pretty darn good.
They also serve up a practical tower of latte for only £2.70.
The only downside?
It's a small place, with just one guy cooking, so it may take a while.
We went just after a huge party of six had ordered and it took a bit to get our tasty poached eggs.
Just be patient; it's a cool little spot.

Oh, cute cute cute!
This little cafe is just too adorable.
Wooden floor, rickety wooden furniture, and one seriously impressive big wooden door in the wall are just the start.
The little room has books at head-height around the walls, little vintage adverts on the walls and cheery service, PLUS the ever-adored free Wifi... this is my kind of place.
I need to say that at the time of writing, I am not a coffee devotee - something I intend to tutor myself in, but nevertheless the case at present.
I always feel deeply jealous of the fun that coffee-drinkers get to have with the scientific LEVERS on their drinks (I mean, of course, the plunger on a cafetiere).
As children, my brother and I used to take it in turns to push down the plunger for our parents each morning and I haven't had that little indulgence since I moved out on my own.
But - joy of joys!
What have we here?
Can it be?!
A plunger on my little teapot!
With the fruit tea mix poured into the central column, I could squidge it down and squeeze out the flavour.
I cannot begin to convey the joy this brought me; all I will say is that I ordered another pot as soon as I had finished, even though I wasn't thirsty.
It was starting to get busy when I left, and I can imagine that when it's full it feels a bit cluttered and cramped.
There might be a table too many for such a weeny place.
As I settled up at the counter, someone was just taking receipt of the most melty-tempting slab of cheese on toast I've encountered in a while.
I'll have to go back and sample the food.
All in the name of reviewer's completionism, you understand.

Ohhhhh, that's it.
That, my friends, is IT.
I am updating.
This place has to get the fifth star.I came here for lunch today with Nikki A and it garnered Major Bonus Points in a number of ways additional to those excellent features mentioned in my last review.
Nikki was able to bring her gorgeous wee four-legged pal along because (Major Bonus Points number one) it is dog-friendly.
I ordered the lemon chicken wrap, which was (MPB#2) GIGANTIC.
It came wrapped in flatbread, rather than a tortilla, so it was pretty (MBP#3) hefty, and (MBP#4) the filling was super-generous.
And, more to the point, (MBP#5) extremely good.
No doubt with regard to the lemony flavour, and the chicken delicate and tender... Word of Mouth, could you be any more wonderful?
Methinks not.
Five stars for you, my love.

My fellow Leithers rave about Word of Mouth, but I live but a hop, skip and a jump away from the Bonnington Brunch so my breakfast roll allegiances lie there.
However, as the Brunch staff have recently selfishly decided that Sundays should be a day of rest, I'm without a café to supply me with sausage rolls on the Sabbath.
So far I've just restricted my breakfast roll habit to a Saturday, but as I recently had guests staying over who were in need of meat and bread I made the trip to Word of Mouth.
Alas!
I have been spoilt by the Brunch's super cheap prices, and was aghast to see that Word of Mouth charged about £3.50 for a roll with 3 fillings, and about £2 (I can't remember exactly, might have been anywhere between £1.80 and £2.20) for one filling.
That is an expensive roll when I'm used to a base price of £1.40 plus 40p per extra item.
Fortunately the quality of said rolls just about justifies the expense.
These are ciabatta rolls (the owner said he much prefers them to normal bread ones), and the quality of the sausages, bacon, eggs etc is wonderful.
Delicious.
A bit mean to cut the link sausages in half so you actually only get 2 sausages in your roll, but tasty at least.
Now it only takes me a little over 10 minutes to walk there, but I feel that's too long to be walking back while my food is getting cold, so my trips there in future will be restricted to either sitting in or the rare occasions (such as last weekend) when I have the use of a car.
And the vast difference in cost between it and the Brunch means I'll really only make the journey when I NEED a breakfast roll.
But, the café itself looks lovely so it may well be that I'll be back soon - but for a sit-in lunch this time.

Word of Mouth is just the cutest place.
Little wooden tables and chairs, knick-knacks lining the walls, gorgeous pastries on display on the counter.
Oh, it is a real treat inside.
As many Yelpers have pointed out, it's a bit on the eensy side so I could foresee it getting a bit cramped if full.
However, at 11am on a Sunday morning, there was just enough space left to reassure us we were in a good, popular café without being squashed up against the walls.
I had a creamy, frothy chai latte (mmmmm) and shared an apricot danish with the other half.
They cut the danish up like a little pizza, perfect for sharing.
Although the pastry was a bit on the dry side I do love that attention to detail!
The two staff members were really friendly although they did look a bit run off their feet with all the brunch goers.
After perusing the menu I am certain that I'll be back for brunch one day soon!

Staff with a sense of humor.
The Mrs: (after arriving at almost noon) "I'd like a crepe...is that still possible?
" Guy behind the counter: "Anything's possible.
"  The Mrs: "Can I have two tap waters?
" GBC: "No, tap water's all done.

