Finally a viable alternative to OPH has come to Henderson!
Lately I'm into egg whites.
I'm always sad because OPH won't scramble me some egg whites and put yummy things like mushrooms and green peppers in them!
They claim veggies are for omlettes only..
So imagine my excitement when I see Cracked Egg has scrambled egg whites on the menu!
With protein and veggies!
They customized my egg whites to be grilled chicken + mushrooms at no extra cost.
Egg whites came with delish hashbrowns + amazing soft coffee cake.
Fiance got a customizable skillet.
Love the options to customize that Cracked Egg has!!
Service sucked or I would give them 5 stars.
Waiter brought my eggs without the mushrooms originally (and took a LONG time to bring it back corrected).
He never brought the fiance's toast out... ever.
Overall a great alternative to OPH when I'm not feeling pancakes... but maybe their pancakes will be better here too!
I'm anxious to try them.

Okay this is a great place for a quick and casual breakfast.
Where I haven't tried everything I am a big fan of the Veggie Benny.
The dish is served on traditional English muffins, topped with tomatoes, poached eggs and avocado, smothered in hollandaise.
Yet don't forget the Potatoes, these little squares, seem to be deep fried and seasoned yet not quite to perfection, but all the same they are good.
I would say that the hollandaise could be thicker.
But as a whole this restaurant has a menu with a wide range of traditional breakfast and lunch favorites.
This wham bam breakfast joint, is a nice place to go with family and friends in a very relaxed environment, even appropriate for a quick breakfast or lunch for any business oriented outing.
This location is definitely going to give the corporate chop shops, IHOP, Denny's, and the Original Pancake House a worthy competitor in the turf war that is breakfast.
Surely The Cracked Egg has more of a local, friendly, and welcoming environment than its corporate competitors as well.
Please stop by this restaurant and give it a shot.
It is at Green valley just off pebble in the smiths parking lot.

I ordered the southwest scramble during 4th of July brunch and man it was busy!
Food came out after 20 minutes which isn't too bad considering the holiday crowd.
It was pretty standard breakfast with prompt service.
I will be coming back to try something different.

Went right after going to a doctor's appointment in the same parking lot area.
Awesome location if you are just ending an 8 hour fast, lol.
I got an omelet and my wife got one of their salad.
Both were very good, especially given the crowd in the restaurant at the time (it was a wednesday which makes me shudder to think of how packed this place gets on a weekend morning).
Service was good and fairly prompt, price was very reasonable, I'd say its a good bet that I shall be returning next time I am in the area!

Chile verde was awesome - really awesome.
Pancakes and eggs were both reliable.
Potatoes were yummy.
No cappucino, only coffee, but good coffee.
We had to wait for some time on a Sunday morning, but I would wait again.

I love this place!
I have been for breakfast many times, so I have not tried their lunch menu yet.
The food is Fantastic, the prices are great & the staff is always friendly.
They have great healthy options & rediculously delicious UNhealthy options too :) Even when they are crowded, we never have to wait too long.
Plus as a bonus, there is usually a 'BOGO' coupon in the LV Weekly!

We were looking for a breakfast place and found this via yelp.
Happy to see a place other than the chain IHOPS/Dennys that serves up a good breakfast.
Staff was friendly, prices were good, nice sized place so it handled our group of 14 easily.
We'll be back I'm sure.

I've been here three times in the last few weeks, since I live and work nearby.
Whole the food has been great, the service needs improvement.
One of the times I went was with a group from work, at least 8 people.
Service was quick, efficient and food was great.
One tome before that and one time after, I was alone as I am most of the time.
Service was slow both times, I had a diet coke( don't drink coffee) which finally came halfway thru the meal.
I tried to get the servers attention to no avail.
The last time when the bill came, I was charged for a diet coke and coffee.
I asked the server about it and it took her 5 minutes to tell me that she couldn't figure outhow to refund the $2.00.
So she gave me $2 out of her pocket.
I sort of blame the iffy service level on thefact that I know servers hate waiting on one person because they know the tip won't be as much.
Food is good  Service is so- so

when it comes to breakfast i usually root for the waffles french toast etc.
not eggs.
BUT a friend and i went there for breakfast and by gosh I got EGG on my face, ha ha.
taste like good ole home cooking.
(funny thing is I don't know what that really tastes like.
) but if that's the taste mmmMMMmmmmmmm

Great as always

One of my favorite breakfast places in Vegas, along with its sister the cracked egg on the west side.
the stuffed french toast is one of the best things on the menu, but they have very good food over all.

When we first arrived in Vegas, we visited The Cracked Egg on Rainbow.
It was okay but nothing special.
So when we found ourselves in Henderson during breakfast time and with a coupon, we decided to try it again.
It was about 1pm on Saturday and the place was mostly empty.
Not a red flag really because the recession is killing the restaurant business.
Service was pretty quick - sat down, ordered drinks from the helper, the waiter was so fast that I had to ask for a couple more minutes, and he came back in a couple of minutes.
All was going well until I ordered.
Club Sandwich - no ham, no mayo, bacon crispy, 1000 island dressing on the side - and fries.
"Sorry, we ran out of fries.
" What????
No fries????
Big red flag - obviously the fries are not made fresh.
But, you may be thinking, perhaps they just ran out of potatoes.
Possible, yes, but they still had the breakfast potatoes that were served with my husband's meal.
So, I am really not happy about this situation.
Not because of there being no fries as much as them not being made fresh.
I mean, seriously, In-N-Out makes fries - from real potatoes - all day long.
However, I did regroup and try to enjoy my lunch.
As I said, I had the Club Sandwich.
It was good - came with avocado and cheese which is a huge bonus for me and not always included.
Unfortunately, it was nothing special.
And, believe it or not, it was too big for my mouth so I had to cut it up.
My husband had a Sausage Scramble which was not actually scrambled together but layered.
He said it was quite nice (that is like 4 stars in ratings talk).
And, his coffee was getting refilled promptly AND they gave him more creamers than he could use.
So, overall, great meal for the hubby.
I have seen some of the other reviews raving about the breakfast items and perhaps that is where I went wrong.
If we go again (which we probably will since I have another coupon), I am thinking I will try the Banana Chocolate Chip Pancakes.
I will let you know.

You need to try their coffee cake.
It's so good!!!
Great Breakfast & Brunch spot.
Love the cafe style atmosphere.
Always busy on a Sunday after church.
Very homey, and relaxed.
Food is yummy.
The skillets are a must-try.
I have yet to try the pancakes or french toasts...maybe during our next stop I will.

Originally I discovered the The Cracked Egg on Rainbow years ago.
I am glad they have a second location close to where I am living.
I think one of their highlights is their Homemade Coffee Cake.
I used to ask which flavor they currently had available but soon stopped after I had a few different ones and they were ALL delicious.
This morning I was treated to Blueberry!
I've had Apple, Peach and Cherry as well.
When I crave going out for breakfast which is usually on the weekends, The Cracked Egg is on the top of my list.
My favorite is their "Californian" omelet which has sliced bacon, sliced avocados and jack cheese with seasoned potatoes on the side.
Based on my visits to both locations their service and food are great.
They seem to always have plenty of people around taking care of guests so even if your server is busy you can always find someone to get you a refill or extra condiments, etc.
I think their prices are fair and portion sized from my experience and what friends/family have ordered is good.
If you beat the breakfast rush you should get seated within a timely manner.
I went around 10AM and was able to get a seat at the counter right away and they appeared to have a few tables open.
When I was paying my bill to leave they were slammed with people crowding the entrance waiting for tables.
Always leave full and enjoy going to The Cracked Egg for a weekend breakfast.
Also a side note, on some occasions I had phoned in my breakfast order with their Rainbow location and within a timely manner went to pay/pickup and enjoy at home.

I've been going to the Cracked Egg for about 3 years (both Green Valley & Rainbow locations).
I frequent the Green Valley location since that is the closest to where I live.
Can I just say, I've never been disappointed with a meal there.
For the most part, breakfast is what I love to order there.
The Croissant breakfast sandwich is one of my favorites and so is the Garden Patch omelet.
The staff is always friendly and the wait for seating usually goes by very fast.
They are very busy Saturday & Sunday mornings but they tend to get through the crowds fast.
If you join their Rewards program, they send you an $8 coupon every month.
Plus, when you earn points on your card, they send you $10 gift certificates!
Because of these, my husband and I probably go there at least twice a month

I finally tried the Cracked Egg yesterday as it is close by and we were starving.
Though it was a tad pricey for what I got, it was a re-creation of something I love at Magnolia Cafe in Austin, and it also had eggs.
I got the skillet, which is the seasoned potatoes, melted jack and cheddar cheese, and 2 eggs any style - then I get to add toppings.
The eggs - poached easy with perfectly runny yolks.
I got tomatillo sauce, scallions (not a choice but still got em), and avocado slices.
This combo just works, and it clogs the arteries too, but it is soooooo delicious.
I also tasted Eric R.'s coffee cake that came with his omelette - it was more like dessert but steaming hot, a welcome change from the cold cake slices at Starbucks.
Only confusing thing is when you walk in, there is a line for the cashier, but no hostess.
It took us awhile to find someone to seat us.

Went on a Saturday morning around 11am only about a 15 minutee wait for us.
Omg the coffee cake...  make sure everyone in your parties gets something different so you can try it all!

The BEST blueberry pancakes!!!!
Tons of blueberries in them and they are huge!!!
They aren't of the uber-buttery variety that can leave you feeling like you just ate a brick of food.
My husband has tried the pumpkin panckes in the fall which are amazing and the banana nut ones are equally yummy.
You HAVE to get the coffee cake, it's the best thing you'll ever eat.
May be line on weekends after 9 but it goes quick.
We go every weekend, we've tried other places but this remains the best.
T he pancakes are light and fluffy , not like the butter overloaded ones at blueberry hill, etc.
The owner Curtis is an awesome guy, he's bought our breakfast numerous times since were there 1-2 times a week.
They take care of their regulars.
Laura is the best waitress ever!!!
They bust there butst there.
My dad devoured the tropical French toast and my husband gets the garden patch omelettte.
You won't go wrong with this place , we have yet to find anything better!!!

The Cracked Egg...
YES PLEASE!
This place is awesome.
The food is great.
I am not a big fan of breakfast so I usually order of the lunch menu.
The portions are huge, be prepared to take the extra home or bring a friend a split something.
My hubby always orders something off the egg side just so he can get the coffee cake, it's really good.
The service is wonderful and it's completely family friendly.
This is not the best place to go if you are looking for a quick bite.
It can sometimes take 30 plus minutes to get food when busy but worth the wait.

I really enjoyed my meal here, i kept eating even after I was full.
I got the crossait (sp?
) sandwhich with the seasoned potatoes... oohh god those potatoes were so freakin good ... i will definetly go back again.... the oj was oddly pricey tho

In town for work, yelped for breakfast and found this place.
Had the corned beef hash, kinda non-traditional cut in strips instead of chopped, but still very yummy and portions that are barely finishable!
Yes, the coffee cake is all everyone says it is.
I'll be back for more from the large and diverse menu

I wish I lived in Henderson.
OMG the Benedict Ole!
The best benny ever.
Get the home fries.
Everything here is good!

Okay, my boyfriend and I are big breakfast fans.
This is our favorite casual breakfast place.
I've probably eaten here about 40 times and I have never been let down.
I have tried many things but my two favorites are the Country Benny..its Eggs Benedict with a biscuit and sausage and gravy on top.
I'm sure its about 5,000 calories but well worth it especially when you are hung over.
My other favorite is the El Vaquero...its a chorizo omelette with salsa and cheese on top.
Amazing!
I know they are owned by the same people, but this one is far better than the one on Rainbow.

Salmonella outbreak be damned, I'm eating my runny yolked eggs anyway.
I went to the Cracked Egg around noon on Sunday and had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.
My plan was not to eat too much because I knew I had to save room to stuff my face at the M buffet later that evening.
After reading all the reviews about the big portions, I split the croissant sandwich and seasoned potatoes with my mom.
It was definitely a knife and fork sandwich especially because I ordered the eggs over easy.
There's a reason why you can't get an over easy egg mcmuffin.
It was a delicious, cheesy mess.
I particularly loved the seasoned potatoes, which were super crispy.
I can just imagine eating a whole plate of them with gravy!
The bf also raved about the hash browns, but I think the seasoned potatoes were better.
I also had a bite of my dad's coffee cake which was a bit too sweet for me.
It looked like a cornbread square and was less dense than the coffee cakes I'm used to.
Overall, definitely a good place for breakfast or lunch.
I mean, even in Vegas you can only eat so many buffets afterall...

Great food!
Great value good service!
Need I say more?

The food is always good & the berry salad is my absolute face!
Monica the manager is so nice & pretty!
:-)  I want to go at least 2 times a week!!

I would just like to say that the South Shore scramble is so tasty that it could honestly be up for an award.
They are always fast, friendly, and the food is always FRESH!
The coffee cake flavors vary depending on the season... Fall of '09 they had Pumpkin Chocolate Chip, and I was in my third trimester.
Yes they were my best friend on a Sunday morning!
You really can't go wrong with anything you order here.
Just make sure you get there early on the weekends.
After about 9:30 you can't see the front door when you pull into the parking lot.

Ordering whites-only omelet and fruit instead of potatoes should hint you that I eat healthy.
There is no need to soak my Denver omelet in oil and cover it with cheese (not listed on the description).
Sorry that I didn't mention that I don't get my toast with lard (or was it butter?).
Yes, I promise to let you know beforehand and not inconvenience you.
An omelet and a kindergarten-sized cup of OJ for $15?
Really?

This was one of the first 'non-chain' places I have been since I moved to Vegas.
My boyfriend and I went this last weekend for an easy breakfast and I thought it was pretty good.
The lady that took our order was really nice, and although it has nothing to do with the food it had always puts me in a good mood while eating after the staff has been friendly.
I had the jalapeño spread on an asiago bagel with cheese and was satisfied.
I really like spicy foods and was glad that it was actually hot rather than more of a spiced cream cheese.
It was a bit pricy for a bagel but I can definitely see myself going back there for a quick bite.

As others noted, I too noticed a considerable lack of good, creative brunch spots in Vegas.
Most places are the same ol', same ol'.
Eggs, bacon, hashbrowns.
The Cracked Egg doesn't deviate too much from this standard.
It mostly offers typical breakfast fare - an assortment of omelets, pancakes, scrambles, etc.
If you're in the mood for something relatively unique they do have plenty of options for interesting omelet combinations, a delicious benedict ole (heart attack on a plate), and their "coffee cakes" - a standard side with many of the menu items - are divine (and flavors vary daily, it's not your typical coffee cake, they must use smooth as silk cake flower and maybe add in sour cream or something to give it creaminess and tang).
My favorite standard is the huevos rancheros.
A simple tasty sauce covers refried beans, eggs how you like them, sitting on a flour tortilla and topped with melted cheese and jalapenos.
It's simple, but they do it well.
Not too much cheese (I really don't need to eat 12 oz of cheese in a given meal like some places believe), medium spicy peppers, and plenty of beans, just how I like it!
It's not the most unique food you can find (although it's as unique as any I've found in this city) nor is it on the top of the healthy list, but it's satisfying and consistent, reasonably priced, and has become my weekend go-to place!

Every once in a while I have this crazy craving for EGGS.
This visit, I was on the hunt for an egg scramble.
I have been here before but never really pleased my palate.
This time, I would like to say that I was very happy and full (for the entire day) with my meal.
I got a scramble... Lucie's Scramble!
Made with 3 eggs (yikes!
) sausage, onions, bell peppers, mushrooms.... with 2 slices of giant muenster cheese melted on top!
Not a single ingredient was lacking, and the portions are nothing short of plentiful.
Yum   I wanted to change up my order and avoid the coffee cake and seasoned potatoes (which are good, but distract me from my main meal).
Went with the hash browns and toast, and I think I will followup on my decision next time.
Yes... there will be a next time, regardless of the spotty service.
As noted in previous reviews... service is a little on the off side, but not BAD.
The food is totally worth it.
Can't wait for my next breakfast outing.

I would give this place a 3.5 if I could, but there's no option for it.
Upon entering this place, I did get more a crowded and intense fast paced feeling rather than a homey breakfast feeling.
The wait for a table was 5-10 mins which I thought was good, considering they were slammed with a bunch of families.
Once being seated I read the menu thoroughly, just so I would get something I liked rather than something I'd hate.
After a good 5 mins our waitress came out and gave us our drinks, she then returned later to take our order.
I thought that her knowledge about the food was a little less than pleasing.
I asked about the holladaise sauce and she didn't know hot describe it other than it was yellow.
Hmmmm, I wasn't too please there so I ordered something I was familiar with.
Orders were:   Monte Cristo - Turkey, ham, cheese, and bread dipped in french toast batter and fried to a crisp.
It was very interesting, it came with syrup and 2 sides of either hash browns or seasoned potatoes and eggs.
Although the concept was interesting, I thought it was ok.
It was a weird combination and it did go together, but it's something I probably wouldn't try again.
Biscuits and Gravy - Biscuits served with gravy, the name says it all.
The biscuits were really soft and the consistency of it with the gravy did compliment each other well.
Oddly though, I prefer the biscuits and gravy at South Point's Coronado Cafe.
Now that says a lot, especially since that's not voted Best of Las Vegas.
The gravy was ok, there were meats here in there, but it did taste a little watered down.
There were a lot of other things that I did want to try, but it didn't seem as interesting.
I'd probably return here cause the service was good, and the seating was fast.

I have had breakfast here several times now.
I usually stick with the scrambles or omelets and have yet to be disappointed.
The eggs are always cooked perfectly and the ingredients are fresh.
I especially enjoy there seasoned potatoes.
Good breakfast atmosphere with a nice location close to the freeway.
Service was fast and they actually refilled my water glass throughout the meal!
The go-to place on the weekend for breakfast in Henderson.

We have tried the cracked egg twice for breakfast and both times were very average.
The food is very average and the waiters either forgot our order or could not be bothered.
Las Vegas has several great places to eat so good luck.

Great omelets and absolutely the best coffee cake I have ever had.
Ask them to split an omelet and you will still have plenty of food and room for the delicious coffee cake.
Very friendly and efficient staff as well.
Nice to have a good local breakfast place.
This is what Original Pancake house used to be.

YUM!!!
I go to The Cracked Egg for breakfast and lunch whenever I can.
I'm stuck on the Veggie Benny right now, but the Greek omelet and Chile Verde Rancheros are great too.
My husband says they have great coffee and don't forget the coffee cake (just the best), which is like a light angel food goodness with either apples or chocolate chips and always freshly baked and warm.
Everything is incredibly fresh at this place.
The service is friendly and they will split meals as well.
They also have half orders of the salads, which are pretty large.
It's a popular place, so get there early if you don't want to wait (but the wait isn't too bad).
Goes to show you, good food draws a crowd.

Delicious.
Got the breakfast sandwiches for me and the wife.
Soooo good.
Worth the ride to Henderson.

It's really more like 3.5 stars.
Better than 'OK' but not like I'm a total Fan...
I mean... it's a really good breakfast but they don't serve bloody marys... so.... ya know.
Service: Got there a little before 8am... there were a few people in line but we were seated quickly... and the busser got us our coffees and waters really quick... and then we waited for like 15 minutes.
Our waitress was slammed and she was 1 of only 2 working at the moment.
She was really nice and efficient.
Our food was delivered quickly... and hot.
Food: Taste.... right on!
I ordered the Veggie Benny... and it came with lots of avocado slices which I love!
The side of potatoes were 'ok'...nothing special... they need seasoning or something but I don't really need the extra starch... so I left them.
The hubby had the croissant breakfast sandwich and that looked good...
I didn't get a taste because I was too excited about the yummy avocados on my dish.
The FIL got the oatmeal overload.... WOW!
It came with fresh berries, cream, raisins, brown sugar and almond slivers on the side... and a huge bowl of oatmeal.
Looked Great and he was happy with it so thumbs up.
Will I be back?
For Sure.

So I finally find my favorite breakfast place and it happens to be in Henderson, NV... what luck.
We hit this delicious place up right before we left back to Phoenix and damn..  that's all I can say.
DAMN DELICIOUS!
You go inside this place that happens to be inside of a strip mall and right away it has that home cooked meal feel to it.
The friendly staff seats in a booth (which we always prefer) and we get the drink orders out of the way.
I love iced tea, but their tea wasn't the best.
Trust me, Im not knocking down stars for that.
lol.
As I look over the menu, I always find myself always getting the same type of food.. omelet or pancakes with some sides.
I decided to go out of the box and try something new.
Ready for this?
Peanut Butter Stuffed French Toast...     Yep..
I ordered that and let me tell you how amazing it was.
It was about six good sized slices that were filled with peanut butter and grilled to perfection, topped with bananas and honey, finished off with some hot maple syrup.
I was in breakfast heaven.
I could have easily split this meal up with someone and didn't finish it, but I highly recommend it.. especially if you love peanut butter!
i cant wait to get back to this place!

This is the best of the Vegas-area Cracked Eggs.
Man, I love this place.
The egg scramblers are delicious, and the peanut butter french toast is absolutely FANTASTIC.
Buttery hashbrowns are always a must.
Try it..but do keep in mind that they are a  fast-pace in and out breakfast place.
If you want to linger over a bloody mary and mimosas, go to brunch at the Bellagio or Mon Ami Gabi.

I love YELP!!
While staying in Las Vegas, went looking for a good place to have breakfast.
I have to admit I'm very picky about where I eat.
The restaurant has to be clean, have good food, creative menu, and great service.
Extra bonus to a family owned restaurant and not a chain.
This place fit the bill.
I had ham and eggs, and the ham was big and thick, not bone in, but very flavorful.
Eggs cooked just right, seasoned potatoes were perfect.
Was a great place to stop for breakfast.
They also have a senior menu which was perfect for my family members traveling with me.

This place is bad.
The staff is so unfriendly and the food is mediocre.
It thrives simply because if its location.
Egg Works is a much better choice.

By far this is my favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas!
They have the best food...
I recommend the Joe's Scramble.
And you have to get their coffee cake!
The cake is different every time, but always very delicious!
They get very busy during lunch hours and especially breakfast times during the weekend, so plan accordingly.
They have wonderful service and some of the staff even remembers me and I'm not even a regular.
You feel at home here and I'm always stuffed after going.
Enjoy!!

I like this place because it serves ultimate comfort food.
But it's not unique.
So this is Vegas - you get drunk and wake up late the next morning looking for hangover food.
Bam, eggs haven.
This is not the only place in LV.
This place is basic and quick.
Not much to look at but the food hits the spot.
Many of the items on the menu are similar to other places.
The hashed brown was not exactly what we had expected - didn't like it.
One of the order came with a coffee cake and it was a slice of warm buncake with sweet filling.
Strange and strangely nice.
It would be nice to try many items on the menu if I can.
Since this is only 1 exit away from my friend's place, I think it can be done :)

The food is good.
I wouldn't say it's fantastic, but I end up eating there at least twice a month.
It is a bit pricey for breakfast/lunch food but is very convenient.
There is not much else very close to that location, and no matter how busy they seem to be I get seated quicker than I would have guessed.
I have never had bad service, and it has always been clean.
For any vegetarians out there, I would recommend the "veggie benny".
If you're not big on sauce, ask for it on the side.

I love this place the veggie benny is the best in town and they even customize mine to be just the way I like it and it's always done with a smile.
I have lunch with my girlfriends at least once if not twice a week and though the menu is extensive we always have the same thing that's how good it is.
Love love love this place :)

Cracked Egg is one of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas.
I will say this, I really enjoy the food but for the most part the servers usually suck.
Since I work in the restaurant industry, I usually understand why service might suck one day or whatnot but I've had pretty crappy service there several times.

Love this place!
Great service great food.

My family & I's favorite breakfast place.
Great comfort food and good portions.
My favorites are the Eggs Benedict and The Big Bag Wolf w/ pepper jack.
So good.
Oh and get the coffee cake.
=)  It's a pretty popular place for locals and it can get busy, especially on weekends... but we never had to wait more than a few minutes for a table.

huge portions!
The coffee cake was so good- I don't really know what the hell a coffee cake is, but it was so fluffy and sweet and warm- perfect way to start the day.
Hash browns needed salt, but otherwise it was delicious.
I had the southwest scramble- really really good.
But then again it's hard to mess up eggs + jalapenos + chorizo.

One of the best breakfast restaurants in town!

This is THE best place for breakfast in the whole Vegas valley!
The hash browns are a taste nirvana, crisp and golden on the outside, tender and buttery on the inside.
My usual is the garden omelette, veggies are always cooked perfectly, never limp, and always the perfect amount of cheese, never overloaded and greasy.
The ULTIMATE, is the country fried steak and eggs, like mother's milk to me.
I saw Gary Oldman eating there a few months ago.
Surreal.
What he was doing in a local eatery in Henderson, I don't know, but it must be a testament to why this place is so damn good!
Don't forget to sign up for rewards card.

If you don't want to deal with the buffets on the strip...this is the next best place to have breakfast.
At first by the environment you'd think that the food would be sub-par at best...boy I have never been so happy to be wrong.
This place is amazing!

I had a sausage and cheese omelet and to be honest not that great not so bad I couldn't eat it but just not great.

This place was pretty good.
i went with a friend and they were really accomadating as  I had my baby in a car seat so they made sure we had a place to put her as some of the booths are small.
I got the bacon and cheese omelette with bacon and cheese with potatoes and coffee cake.
For 8.95 I thought it was a fair price.
Some of their items seemed a bit pricey but the food was good quality.
The coffee cake was different than i am used to, I am used to pretty dense cake but this was really light almost like a sugar cloud.
i would return its better than the chaon places for sure..

Went to the Cracked Egg today based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.
We arrived at 9:30 with a party of  6 and had to wait about 7 minutes.
Not bad for a Sunday morning.
We were promptly greeted by our waitress and ordered coffee and waters.
We placed our orders a few minutes later and received our food a short time later.
All the food was hot and delicious.
My wife had a scramble with hash browns and coffee cake.
I would highly recommend it as it wasn't to sweet.
I had the kick'en potatoes and a waffle.
My father in law had the homemade corned beef and said it was some of the best he's ever had.
I would highly recommend the place for breakfast!

Look...
I eat here and I'm awesome.
Enchilada omelet and the bacon cheese omelet have been my fav dishes.
I even saw UFC guy CHuck Liddell here while I was eating.
Sometimes there is a wait but that is a good thing at a breakfast joint.
THe outlet itself has been several different restaurants.
I grew up in this hood and remember it changing all the time but the Cracked Egg has seemed to stick.
BUT PLEASE... throw a tv or 2 up on the wall.
If I'm eating breakfast it means it's Sat or Sun morning and I'm missing some games...

I ordered the biscuits and gravy and was given some extremely dense hockey pucks with a white hash filled gravy like substance.
The "famous" potatoes were cold and season less.
That's $15 I wish I had back.

Walked in.
Took a quick glance.
Yup...we were the only Asian people there.
But that didn't stop me from trying to get my scrambled eggs, nor did the long wait and freezing weather outside.
Starting my morning with some coffee cake?
Count me in!
Starved and fatigue since the night before, this sweet beginning couldn't have come at a better time.
I knew I wanted some scrambled eggs but my rational mind opted for an omelette with vegetables, the Garden Patch.
It was a wrong choice as I was eyeing my friend's scrambled eggs the whole time.
Luckily I got to steal some and heavenly fluffy it was.
Don't get me wrong.
The Garden Patch omelette would have been a great hit if I were a rabbit.
Note to self - never put broccoli in an omelette.
Go for the hashbrown if you can.
If you get lucky, they'll brown it thoroughly and what you get will be a crunchy shreddy and starchy texture to play with in your mouth.
Definitely one of the funnest moments in my mouth.

Once again my favorite breakfast spot does not dissapointment service is good food is excellent and cooked perfectly to order.
Hands down my fav spot for breakfast in las vegas.
The coffee cake is always fresh and a great substitute for the traditional white or wheat toast.
I think I have said enough.
I'll be back soon

I will save the details.
Simply a five star locals breakfast diner/restaurant.

I enjoyed the fact that even though this restaurant was busy, my friend and I were sat within 5 minutes.
Our server seemed friendly enough, but he barely came to our table, and didn't ask me if I wanted a refill on my coffee or orange juice.
I ordered the short stack of blueberry pancakes, and when they came out they looked good enough, but were very bland to taste.
They also weren't cooked all the way through.
There was still some liquid batter in the middle.
Maybe it was an off day since this place was packed, and seemed to have a lot of regulars.
Maybe I'll try this place again, maybe not.
I'm on the fence.

I would cut them some more slack since it's a holiday but they really weren't that busy when we got there and even less busy when we left...
The wait was about five minutes and the server was quick and efficient with our drinks and taking our orders.
Once our food arrived; however, he was nowhere to be found.
My friend Lisa L had the pancakes and I had the tropical french toast...
I know the description said coconut but this thing was COVERED in shredded coconut.
Like the whole surface was pretty much shredded coconut.
The flavor was great and the texture was nice but I literally filled up on shredded coconut.
We spent about 20 minutes sitting around waiting for our server to come back so we could get our bill and though he walked by like four times, he didn't so much as glance in our direction.
By this time, the crowd had really thinned out too so it's not like it was crazy busy.
The food was good enough to warrant three stars but the service left us frustrated.
It would be one thing if the server was so busy he couldn't make it through the room but we saw him pass so many times and it took forever to flag him down.

I eat here all the time, great food and atmosphere.
Service is usually quite good even when they're busy.
Join their rewards program for $8 off coupons in the mail, makes it more affordable!

Still on the hunt for a good burger in an unassuming restaurant, I recently ventured to The Cracked Egg's Henderson location.
It's been in my to-do list on my phone for a while now, pulled from some Yelp list that hasn't really brought me any real treats yet.
Most people's recommendations and opinions for food are typically below my expectations, but someone has to come through right?
Looks like I might have to keep going on that list.
The Cracked Egg is in a typical local strip mall and blends in with everything else from the outside like the rest of our mundane suburban locations.
The inside is very open, pretty loud and not that fancy.
Some breakfast themed restaurants have a slightly cozier feel than this, but in no means is it uninviting or that bad.
This restaurant is really a breakfast place, and the menu reflects that all the way; you have the full gamut of breakfast choices but I'm sure way better than anything you'd find at an IHOP.
The burger options make up a very small section of the menu, with only a few choices that seem like typical offerings for a menu like this.
I went with a mushroom and Swiss burger to once again sample a baseline offering, as they don't really give you the option for a stand-out feature burger.
What you're given is a pretty standard looking plate with a good sized burger, pickle wedge, lots of onion, a very large piece of lettuce and some oddly seasoned fries.
The seemingly pre-made (not hand-made) patty was thin, yet juicy.
It had ok flavor, but wasn't really cooked medium as I had asked.
The bun was a bit thin, and made me nervous based on how juicy the burger was, but still held up through to the end.
The mushrooms and Swiss both had good flavor and were welcome toppings, whereas my giant hunk of lettuce was a bit much.
As I said before, the fries had an odd seasoning on them I can't quite place.
They were just ok, not that fresh and not too crispy.
Overall the meal was just ok, depending on how much of a factor you consider the fries to be I don't have too much to complain about, but it just wasn't that great overall.
At $8.95 it's not a horrible price, but I've had far better from some other less-than-fancy places lately that were even cheaper.
If you're a breakfast lover I'm sure you couldn't go wrong here, but if you're looking for a good cheap burger in Henderson, there are much better places.

One word...UNDER-SEASONED!
We ordered the following on a Tuesday at 10:15 AM: 1.
) Californian Omelet-has bacon, avocados and cheese.
Under-seasoned.
) Homemade Corned Beef Hash-Had to add salt.
I asked for a side of rice, but sadly, they don't make rice there.
C'mon, I am Asian.
I love rice with Corned Beef.
But that is not the reason why I gave them only 3 stars.
I asked the waitress to have my egg scrambled over easy, it came out non-scrambled, over easy.
Under-seasoned.
We chose the seasoned potatoes, the hash brown, and the coffee cake to go with our food.
The coffee cake was warm and moist, with cherries at the bottom.
Tasted delicious with the coffee.
For the hash brown, I asked for it extra crispy, but didn't come out to how I would like it to be.
If I come back, I will probably just order the coffee cake and a cup of coffee.

Love coming here and have a big breakfast.
Perfect for a morning breakfast after a night out or just a good way to start off a lazy day.
Service is good but not great, but hey, you should come for the good food not the service

I LOVE VEGAS.
I LOVE THE CRACKED EGG.
I promise to never go anywhere else for breakfast when I am in Henderson.
It's a bit weird though when it's busy.
Everyone stares at everyone that walks by their table.
I am a counter guy, and I have never seen so many people stare as I go sit.
WTF?
I got cheese on my lip or something?

You never know what the coffee cake will be but it's always a winner!
From one hour to the next it might be the apple, cherry, chocolate chip, etc.
Always served nice and hot.

Their poached eggs are perfect.
I didnt like their seasoned potatoes...they were dry and flavorless.
The envionment was a cozy cafeteria.
Staff was super friendly.
Id go again.
Their Dennys prices are a bit steep for egg dishes.
But to get out and have some one else cook my eggs for me once in a while...ill be back.

Management soured my experience.
Typically I love this place, but usually eat at Egg Works (my friend prefers it)  However, I had purchased a Groupon to The Cracked Egg so I needed to use it.
The catch.
I accidentally purchased a groupon that I could only use Mon-Fri.
Since I am always at work M-F, It ended up expiring.
If anyone knows anything about Groupon it states right on the page that the value you used to purchase the groupon never expires.
So I figured taking it in on a Sunday, at least I would be able to use the original amount towards my meal.
The server curtly told me that they would not accept it.
When I asked to see a manager, she came over with an attitude and refused to acknowledge my explanation or even listen to anything I wanted to say.
She kept repeating we will not take it.
I felt that she was incredibly rude and will unfortunately not return to this location because of her.
It is really unfortunate for me, because the food was absolutely delicious.
Probably one of the better breakfasts I've eaten.
But I refuse to go to a restaurant where the management will not even listen to what I have to say.
I also feel that it would not have effected the store if she would have honored the original groupon price.
Thank goodness for me I can still go to Egg Works.
They have always treated me with respect and smiles.

Really awesome place to have breakfast.
Try the Taylor Breakfast with polish sausage & Make your own skillet with polish sausage delicious :).Staff are very friendly.

You could make this food yourself.
It just wouldn't be this good.
The Good: It's exactly what you'd expect: charming breakfast food.
Only it comes with amazing hash browns and toast.
Also the non-breakfast food here is great too: good burgers, sandwiches, etc...
I think of this as the original egg based breakfast joint in Vegas.
I'm sure they didn't invent the concept, but it's great, fast, and consistent.
The food isn't 'creative' per se, it's exactly as diverse as it needs to be.
They have specials that are usually pretty excellent in and of themselves.
The bad: Well, they close at three and they serve jelly in the standard little containers measuring 1/20th of a teaspoon.
You need like thirty for one piece of toast.
WTF: GREEN AND BLACK MINTS ARE NOT DELICIOUS.
KILL THEM WITH FIRE.
Suggestion: pancakes are an untapped creative medium.
Please consider.

First and foremost, get the seasoned potatoes!
They are the business.
Kalila and I came here on Valentine's day morning and the place was packed.
Kalila really enjoyed The Green Scrambler.
I don't remember if that's the right title, but it was the last item on the SCRAMBLERS section of the menu.
It had spinach, broccoli, and other vegetables in it.
She was so happy with her choice!
I had the big bad wolf.
It is the equivalent of a meat lover's pizza, but for an omelet.
There's bacon, ham, sausage....  Everyone has to try to coffee cake side at least once (served as an option next to buttered toast)  This place is always busy and plenty of times there will be a wait.
The time you lose in the wait, you make up for in how quickly your food comes out.
All of my servers have always been very nice and friendly.

This remains the best breakfast place I have ever dined at.
They proudly display their many restaurant awards around the restaurant-- awards which are well earned.
The atmosphere is pleasant and comfortable-- the decorations aren't overly fancy but the interior is fairly well maintained.
Service tends to be pretty good here--even when it gets busy.
The girls at the front can get pretty swamped during the Sunday rush but they always get the bill worked out right in the end.
The waiters are pretty friendly and they know their menu pretty well.
Subsitutions can be usually be made without much fuss.
The coffee is pretty good, and the coffee cake is heavenly ( you need to try it at least once.
)  The seasoned potatoes do definitely stand out here-- they are easily the best I've ever tasted.
They aren't overly seasoned, arent too greasiy, and they have a satisfying crunchiness to them.
Portions here are pretty hefty--maybe not Hash-House-A-Go-Go big, but respectable.
Bring a decent appetite to make your trip here worthwhile.
I've tried a number of their dishes, from their fluffy and satisfying pancakes to their wide variety of egg dishes.
Waffles are heavenly here--much better than you would find at IHOP or other large corporate spots.
There aren't too many skillet options but I suggest you try  the vegetable egg skillet with chicken.
The signature egg dishes go well with a side of cholula sauce but most are so well seasoned that you may not find you need it.
The omelettes are fluffy and cooked just right.
They never skimp on avocadoes or meat here.
The wheat toast always arrives lathered in real butter.
I recently enjoyed their unique pesto scramble.
The french toast is rich and flavorful.
This place simply does breakfast right and has earned its keep as one of the elite breakfast destinations in Clark County.

They had my name in a menu selection, how can I not be a fan!
:)   This place is really neat.
I have never been to a Cracked Egg before in Vegas, and I am happy to have popped that cherry at this location.
I would love to go back and try some other things I was eyeing.
I just could not make a decision, but I settled for an omlette and it was good!
It felt like a country vineyard type place.
It was just very charming.
Our service was not bad, just rushed it seemed like.
Maybe they need to hire a couple more people in the morning rush of the weekend!
I would like to try more stuff, so I shall be back!

I LOVE BREAKFAST.
Well, I love food in general, but breakfast is happiness.
I LOVE a great breakfast restaurant.
After being torn away from Walker Brothers in Highland Park, IL when we moved to Vegas, I was desperate to find a comfortable, relaxed, no hassle breakfast eatery.
Cracked Egg is one of them.
Their menu is great.
I love that they have many different options: salad, soup, chili, omelet, chicken sandwiches and even burgers.
I'm the kind of person that could eat a Thanksgiving dinner at 6:00AM, so variation is key.
However, the more important is their massive gluten free menu.
Cracked Egg's GF menu is one of the largest I've ever seen at any restaurant.
PLUS, I could eat their seasoned potatoes and/or hash browns.
I stuck with the hash browns because there is a small chance of cross contamination, but I was not disappointed; they were delicious!
It took me 15 minutes to make up my mind as to what to eat, and of course, when the waitress came to the table I changed my mind last minute and got the North Shore Scramble.
Holy freaking happiness.
Eggs were cooked perfectly, not runny but not dried out.
All the ingredients were fresh, and those hash browns may have been standard, but you have no idea how great it was to 1.
Eat hash browns without getting gluten-ed and 2.
Too many places mess up hash browns and make my frown like a sad panda.The bacon was nice and crispy and gave it nice saltiness.
I considered ordering another dish, the chili skillet, just to ensure the explosion of my stomach, but alas, I could not eat anymore.
My fiance ordered the standard eggs with kielbasa.
Oh that kielbasa melted in my mouth - it was pure fatty processed foody goodness.
I don't care what it's made out of.
The kielbasa was great when smushed inbetween slices of toast and eggs.
Thankfully, he gave me a couple bites of the kielbasa before he gluten-ed up his plate.
I'm a huge fan of them cooking it on the flat top/griddle.
The outside had a great snappy crust on it and was not too greasy.
Oh, yummy pork product, I love you.
I will absolutely come here again, probably for their chili skillet.
Yes, their chili skillet is gluten free.
Gluten free chili at a restaurant other than Wendy's?!?
YES PLEASE!!!
Chili and I have a love affair every football season, but I think I will cheat on it soon and enjoy it at The Cracked Egg in a couple weeks.
Or maybe I will have one of their sandwiches that is wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun.
Yes, this way I can rationalize eating 400 calories of moo-cow...because it's wrapped in veggies!
Thank you Cracked Egg.
Good service, delicious food and a great restaurant environment.
Love.
P.S.
Anytime you want to make gluten free coffee cake, please let me know and I will taste test it for you!
P.P.S.
They have GF pancakes.
I know exactly what I'm getting next time!

This is one of my most favorite Breakfast places.
I eat at this place all the time and I go to different ones all the time too.
They are very consistent - the service is good, the food is great.
I always get the same plate...
Southwestern Scramble with Hashbrowns and English Muffin.
Damn that is good stuff!

The manager gave me attitude just for ordering a water with lemon and didnt acknowledge when i said thank you for serving me my drink.
The waiter was sarcastic and snippy, though it may be because of his managers bad attitude.
The food is amazing, as always.
But who needs attitude first thing in the morning?

Slow, confused wait staff...we got the wrong order and they never came back!
RUDE cashier...do not ask me if everything was OK if you do not care... and you are a Manager!
$15.00 a person for eggs and bad attitude!
What a waste of time and money!

Ok food.
A little pricy.

If we lived in Henderson, I would be eating breakfast here every weekend!!
Just happened upon this gem while searching for a drugstore.
My husband LOVES eggs so he immediately said yes when I mentioned going here for breakfast.
I had the peanut butter and banana french toast, it was amazing!
The portion size of my meal was huge and well worth the price.
My husband got the Monte Cristo, he loved it!
If you are a local, I highly recommend checking this place out.
I just discovered there is more than one location, so when we're in LV or Henderson again we will be eating here again for sure!

Love their breakfast food.
My boyfriend always orders the South Shore Scramble, I'm a sucker for their blueberry pancakes.
They also serve the most delicious coffee cakes!
Not sure if we ever ordered anything that wasn't good on their menu...  Great place for breakfast!

I'm starting to branch out and embrace the "art" of eating breakfast...lol.
Like many Americans, I find myself skipping the most important meal of the day, however, once in a while, breakfast is valid.
Today was one of those days.
My boss and I decided to have our meeting at The Cracked Egg, for a change of scenery.
AMBIANCE: The place is alright.
The decor is a little drab and boring.
There are booths and table tops, as well as a bar top to choose from.
I think it's kind of a lame attempt at a diner/breakfast nook-ish ambiance.
Hard to pin point, because nothing really comes together for me.
I do know, however, that it's very busy.
A lot of people seem to enjoy this place.
I'm guessing it's because of the food.
LOL.
FOOD and SERVICE:  Today, I got the Eggs Benedict for $9.95.
The bread was kinda of soggy.
Although this entree is smothered with hollandaise, I've had a lot of benedicts to know the potential of the bottom bread.
The poached egg was cooked perfectly, the canadian bacon was thicker than what I'm used to, which is good.
The hollandaise was thicker than what I prefer.
My entree came with hash browns which was crispy on the outside and soft in the inside.
The way it should be!
YUM!
All in all, my breakfast was a hit.
Here's where The Cracked Egg falls short for me.
Whenever I come into this restaurant, I always end up driving separately and meeting my party there.
If I'm the first person there, I'll get a table.
Although my entire party has not arrived yet, the server DOES NOT greet our table until all members of the party arrive.
This was the third occurence that I've noticed.
I think as courtesy, they should at least greet any member of the party, no matter what percentage is present.
I will say that they have employees taking beverage orders in the beginning which I appreciate.
Two instances though, including today, I needed to order right away so I could leave early and make a meeting at work.
That's where I see the benefit of the actual server coming by to greet whoever is there.
Please don't let my rant determine your decision to visit this place.
The food is actually good.
I appreciate the fact that they have healthy options like Garden Patch omelette, the lowfat scrambble, Lighten Up scrambble and an option to have fruit as your side instead of starch options.
Their menu is filled with lots of a great choices.
Please go in and try their coffee cakes.
They are to die for!

My husband and I have been enjoying breakfast at The Cracked Egg for a long time!
We had one close to our old place and now we are less than 5 minutes away from this one.
This is not my favorite location, but the food is definitely good.
As everyone has already pointed out, the coffee cake is fantastic.
It is not exactly what you think of when people say coffee cake, it is more like a white cake with some fruit filling on the bottom and some delicious frosting on top.
My only gripe is that I wish they told you what kind of coffee cake they had that day and that there was just a little more fruit filling.
We usually end up getting a skillet, but they also have delicious pancakes!
I am in love with the Kicking Potatoes, seasoned potatoes, bits of bacon, and melted cheddar cheese, served with a side of salsa and sour cream.
I also like the option to make your own skillet and if you are in the mood for veggies, the vegetarian skillet is a fantastic option.
Most of the skillets also come with coffee cake, win!
Now, I am usually very satisfied with the food, but have received spotty service from this location.
Nobody seems too happy to be working here, from the hostess, to the waitstaff, to the manager.
I have even seen the manager take on a customer who had a food allergy and was very specific about his order, which they messed up.
I don't think it is ever OK to argue with a customer, especially in this situation where it could have gotten really severe if the customer had a life or death allergy.
There were quite a few people in the restaurant and the loud exchange was certainly avoidable, I think a sincere apology would have gone a long way.
I was also present when they messed up a rather large take-out order for some of my fellow team mates at work and didn't do much to rectify the situation.
I also really dislike the fact that you have to take your check up to the cash register.
That area can get very congested in the morning since it is also the hostess station.
If you manage to fight the crowd and make it to the register, I find it quite uncomfortable that they ask you how much tip you would like to leave.
I don't understand why they can't just let you fill out the receipt like every other business.
Overall, the food is good, but don't prepare to be WOWed by the service.

Friendly service and pretty good food definitely gets an A-OK in my book.
Bigger portions especially when it comes to the "Big Bad Wolf" omelet would have earned an extra star or two.
The omelet itself was stuffed full of meat but was small by all standards (took up less than half my plate and was half an inch thick).
Coffee cake was absolutely delicious so I am glad I read the reviews and knew to order it.
Four dollars for orange juice was pretty steep when the entree itself cost ten dollars.
Lesson learned though.
Overall 10$ for a small omelet and 4$ for orange juice leaves me wanting a lot more for the price.
I would go back for the coffee cake but that's really the only thing pulling me back.

LOVE this place!
My husband and I like to eat out for brunch, and had tried multiple different places before we found this one.
There is usually a pretty decent wait (apparently we're not the only ones who love it!
), but it's worth it.
They serve warm coffee cake before the meal, and it's gigantic and tasty.
I typically get an omelet with hash browns, and am never disappointed.
Great atmosphere, too - you don't feel too crammed in like you do at some places.

Manager is exceptionally defensive, servers are  inattentive and unfriendly.
We were charged for  items we didn't order or receive but instead of simply apologizing, made excuses and were defensive.
Prices are inflated maybe due to rent in Green Valley?
Food is so-so but not worth the prices or below standard service.
Coffee and bagged tea selection was ok, really only positive we can share.
Plenty of other breakfast spots in town that are better for the money and service.
If you do go, carefully review your check and be prepared for battle if there is a mistake.

I have visited The Cracked Egg several times and have waited a while to write a review.
This is mostly because this place is "meh" enough that I couldn't figure out what I thought about it.
Service is pretty poor.
One morning we brought my father here while he was in town for a visit.
We had to wait ten minutes for someone to even offer us a drink.
If Dad wasn't so hungry from his long plane ride, we would have left.
Even when we were finally served, the service left something to be desired.
My dish was cold and under-seasoned.
Some time later, I decided to give The Cracked Egg another try.
There are enough positive Yelp reviews that I thought maybe I just had an anomalous bad experience.
But the second time, it was even worse.
I asked to substitute egg whites in my skillet...when it came out with normal eggs and I asked to have it made correctly (very nicely, I might add), I received an audible groan in response.
The waitress acted as though it was a huge inconvenience for her to walk back to the kitchen.
The extra star is for the coffee cake, which my dad loved.
Other than that, I don't really see why I would visit The Cracked Egg when there are much better breakfast joints in town.
I won't be back.

Great food - exceptional service.
Just moved to Henderson from L.A. and this will be a destination breakfast spot for me and my friends.
The Huevos Rancheros is great and you have to get the coffee cake.
YUMMY!!

There is no end to the amazing combinations you can have for breakfast here!
The Peanut Butter filled French Toast and Carnitas Omlet are two that stand out to me.
Oh, and you can't forget to have a piece of coffee cake as its always fresh and something seasonal.
(Apple was the flavor this week... Pumpkin at Thanksgiving)  We like to take out of town friends here for breakfast or lunch depending on when we get up.
Hash House is another go to, but this place is more local and isn't in the middle of a casino or across town.
Just be prepared to wait as there always seems to be a bit of a line, but taste the food and you will know why.

I am really more like a 2.5 on this one, and it really does pain me to rate it so low.
The food is very good - and worth the money.
As some other reviewers have pointed out, the food is priced fairly high, even for simple dishes.
However, what really takes this down for me is the service.
In the time we have been coming here, only one server - Indra - really qualifies as friendly.
Today, our server was downright lousy.
He was very inefficient - the restaurant wasn't busy, and he seemed to have no sense of order in terms of how he took care of his tables.
Honestly, if the service was just a bit better, I would probably come here more often.

This is easily one of the best places in Las Vegas/Henderson to eat breakfast (also serves lunch, closes at 3 pm).
Entertainment Book coupon participant.
This one is located in a large strip mall.
We've eaten here before (but I don't remember what I ordered) with my FIL and his wife.
But it was a while ago.
We were seated within 10 minutes for getting our name on the waiting list.
Last time, there was a much longer wait.
My FIL said it was the slowest he'd ever seen (they were regulars).
Our drink order was pretty quick.
Our server came up shortly afterward.
We were talking a bit, and it seemed like the food came out pretty quickly too.
My FIL got the Monte Cristo-turkey, ham and swiss dipped french toast batter and deep fried (never had one, but it looked interesting- my FIL enjoyed it, it's his favorite thing to order here), his wife got the Veggie Benny- sliced avocado, fresh spinach, grilled tomatoes and two poached eggs in hollandaise sauce (looked very generous, she only ate half), I got the Homemade Corned Beef Hash- I only made a dent in it (the biggest of the bunch, came with 2 eggs/scrambled, seasoned potatoes andfresh warm coffee cake- hash browns and toast are also options), and my husband got the Tori's Tortilla- large flour tortilla stuffed with scrambled eggs, chorizo, green chiles and onions topped with salsa, cheese, and sour cream; jalapenos omitted- he didn't finish it (breakfast type burrito, my hubby loves burritos).
It was delicious.
The corned beef wasn't fatty, and the peppers and onions were a nice combination, but there was also some hash potatoes underneath the eggs and over the corned beef.
The seasoned potatoes were perfect, not mushy, not greasy, and firmly cooked, just the way like it.
This was a big meal, so I ended up taking the rest home; I'm pregnant but if I overeat, I will not feel good.
The service was very good, our server checked on us several times and got us refills.
Large portions, most breakfast items are $10.95 and under (maybe about 3 items are over that range).
Good service.
Great place for breakfast (in the same class as Omelet House and Jamms).
Glanced at the Lunch menu, most items under are $10.95.
4 locations in the Las Vegas/Henderson area.

This is a review for the Peanut Butter French Toast specifically.
I've been to The Cracked Egg a few times before and really enjoyed ththis'd ops and the prices were very reasonable.
This time, however, I was long happy with what I ordered at all.
I strayed away from my usual eggs, meat, and gravy breakfast and tried the Peanut Butter French Toast.
I was not impressed.
There was not enough peanut butter, the bread was small and too soggy, and overall this French toast was just a horrible, dissappointing mess.
Never again... Never, never again...

Good breakfast place, really nothing special, but not horrible either.
Wife's tropical french toast was dry and overly sweet.
The place was full of diner's so they do have a following.
The coffee is strong and good.
Sugar dispenser and more creamers would be nice.
We will have to try again sometime, but probaly not likely.

Not bad.
A nice change from buffet breakfast at green valley across the freeway.
I'd eat here again

First time ordering the eggs Benedict and I hated it.
The eggs were runny and whatever English muffin brand they used was flat.
The holindase sauce had to have been from a powdered mix not made fresh.
To top it all off the waitress Cynthia was horrible.
She was so unattentive, horrible service today.
It will be awhile before I go back.

As much as it pains me to admit it, I was wrong.
I was going through life thinking that the best eggs benedict in town could be found at the Peppermill.
Oh how wrong I was!
Given that it's right down the street, Boyfriend and I decided to give The Cracked Egg a shot.
Our 5 minute wait to be seated was great for 10:30 on a Saturday morning.
Once seated, our drink order was taken almost immediately; actual drinks followed shortly.
We ordered about 5 minutes after being seated.
Twenty minutes later, food arrived!
I had the traditional benedict.
Boyfriend had the country benedict.
I was floored by how delicious my food was.
The eggs were wonderfully runny, the hollandaise was excellent and the Canadian bacon was smokey with no gristly bits.
My side of hashbrowns was very tasty.
Always a plus when there's enough egg yolk and hollandaise to dredge hashbrowns in!
Service was quick and friendly.
Food is seriously good, if slightly on the pricey side ($32, including tip, for two people).
This probably won't be a weekly spot, but we'll definitely be back!

I absolutely LOVE this place!
Tori's Tortilla is my favorite.
The coffee cake changes everytime you go, but no matter the flavor, it always melts in your mouth!
It is a must have.
Get a peice and share, its big.
I recently moved away and I am going to miss this!

Being new to the area my wife and I were anxious to try this place.
We went for lunch and both ordered off the sandwich menu.
The food was prepared very quickly and looked nice but unfortunately that's really the only positive point of our experience.
We both found our meals to be rather bland with the exception of our side salads and certainly not worth the $35 bill.
To add to the disappointing meal was the appearance and less than friendly staff.
Employees do not have be overly happy but a fake smile would have helped.
When we went to pay the bill after leaving a cash tip, the man behind the cash register who was dressed in jeans and a white t-shirt with no employee identifying marks, seemed way to anxious for me to add a tip and even offered to fill in the reciept for me.
Maybe we just caught this place on a bad day but we will be in no great hurry to return.

First of all I would like to start off by saying how much I used to love the Cracked Egg.
My boyfriend and I basically go every Saturday...so with that being said, I was REALLY ASTOUNDED by what happened today...  BUGS IN OUR FOOD.
THE FOOD-ON THE PLATE-EVERYWHERE.
My boyfriend ordered the croissant french toast, and I got one of the egg scrambles.
All was fine, and then I saw a little brown bug crawling on the side of my boyfriend's plate.
I looked closer, and saw literally 5 of them...and then more...I immediately told him to stop eating.
We called our server over and she took the plate away.
I then decided I couldn't eat because I was so insanely grossed out.
The server then brought over our check and charged us for everything except my boyfriend's meal.
I DIDN'T EVEN EAT MY MEAL (A FEW BITES) BECAUSE OF HOW DISGUSTED BY THE BUGS I WAS.
The manager didn't even come to our table to apologize or anything.
The server just took my boyfriend's meal off the check and that was that.
So my boyfriend decided to find the manager.
After 5 minutes of searching the small restaurant for her, she came out and seemed ANNOYED to talk to him.
She had a smug "don't care" attitude.
My boyfriend is wayyyy too nice in my opinion...and the manager said that this is "the food industry and that bugs happen".
!!!!!!!!!!!!
What!!!
management should never ever tell their patrons that.
My boyfriend then asked her how she would feel if she had bugs in her food and her reply, "well, i grew up around animals so I wouldn't have cared.
" !!!!!!!
What!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally after the manager made my boyfriend feel like an idiot for "politely" complaining, she said, "ok, if it'll make you happy, i'll take off your girlfriends meal too.
" That wasn't even it!
It was the principle behind everything!!!!!!
I teach service recovery in the hospitality for a living and that was the most piss poor excuse of a manager I have ever encountered.
NEVER EVER going there again.
I'm extremely disappointed.

This place is an awesome breakfast place!
I recomend having the Eggs benedict here..
I have gone here a couple of times and the service and the foods never fails me.. the wait may be a bit long.. i dont recall them taking reservations either..
But for a party of two i only waited for 5 minutes..
If your not in a rush and love a great atmosphere this place is Eggceptional!
For those who are own a strict diet you may choose to order egg whites with wheat bread, that's what i ordered when i was on a diet.. still a great meal!
try now!
it's located off of green valley parkway and pebble..

Most of the time I rate a restaurant only by the food, because that is what I am there for.
Not that service is not imporatant, but so often rates from pretty good to very good no matter where.
I cannot say the same for this particualar location however.
I have been there a few times for breakfast, and while the food never dissapoints, the service does.
It is unlikely I would never serve a server, but this was the first place a few months ago the made me do exactly that.
Not indifferent servce, downright rude service.
Went there on Saturday (4th) for breakfast with my wife.
As we walked in, we were instantly greetes with a dour faced blonde who blurted out,,,2?
Nice.
Would it be too much to say welcome, or smile, or good morning, or anything, besides 2?
As we sat close to the door, I watched virtually the same 'greeting' for everyone that walked in.
I saw a male employee arrive by the front door.
He didn't get even so much as a "1?".
There just seems to be a culture of unhappiness or something here.
And it was not like our server seemed to offer much more.Cheer up people.
Is it really so bad having a job there?

Over rated and over priced.
Food is meh.
Marginal at best.
My family and I used to go here alot but there is this smug little bitchmade cokehead server,looks like some frosted haired dooshbag from the valley.
Bro if u don't wanna be at work then don't go, don't act like the patrons are bothering u!
I can't beleive this place let's this miserable pos work there and interact with patrons.
Bad move letting this character work anywhere dealing with people.
U kno who u are.
Tall skinny, surfer lookin bro, go get laid u miserable peon.

Stopped in for breakfast on a recommendation from some friends.
The place was crowded but we were seated within 10 minutes of checking in.
I had the eggs Benedict.
My first time ever trying the dish and I will need to try it elsewhere to see if i still dislike it.
I could say that without ever having it before, I'm sure it is suppose to have some flavor.
The holandaise sauce was just a visual effect, nothing to it.
Every bite tasted like egg yolk and that's it just bland as could be.
The potatoes did have seasoning and flavor and are worth ordering.
I felt it was overpriced as well.
My wife had pancakes and 2 eggs(sunnyside not over easy as ordered) with bacon coffee and one orange juice( i would of had another but the no one came back until we were finished) and it was over $30.
No urgency on returning here.

I tried this place because it had good reviews on Yelp.
Big disappointment!
As soon as I walked in, I thought to myself, "what the hell?
" The decor in this place is non-existent.
Both my lunch order, as well as my girlfriend's was just as appealing as the decor in the place.
Would definitely not come back here!

Went for a breakfast meeting and pretty typical breakfast place.
The server was very nice but very aware we were there for a business meeting so was very good about finding spots to come check on us and refill our coffees.
I got the The manager ( she was dressed in casual attire and had keys ) was VERY unpleasant.
She seemed very cold when she dropped off our food not saying anything and a little annoyed.
Her expression never changed... Usually not a big deal to me but when its early you want smiley faces around you serving your food.
Otherwise it just sets the tone for a bad day.
It left such a bad impression I probably wont be back...
I got the "Lighten Up" which was okay but really not worth the $9 for eggs and country potatoes.

I LOVE The Cracked Egg!
My husband and I drive 4 hours to get to Las Vegas for two reasons, the pinball hall of fame and the Cracked Egg.
They have great service, delicious food that is always fresh and excellent coffee.
Well worth the wait (which, if you have a larger party, will be certain)

I am definitely a fan of Cracked egg.
Not just because it is very close to my work that is why I always go there for lunch.
But cracked egg always keep me full with their amazing eggs omelet.
Downsides are it is pretty pricey and that it is always always busy around lunch time, and I will always have to wait for a table for party more than 4 people.

I know lots of people that rave about this place and I frankly don't get what the big fuss is about!
Food was overpriced and mediocre at best.
I've been to other places that had much better food and cost less.

I'm a fan of egg salad, when done right.
For a place that's called the Cracked EGG, what I received wasn't anything compared to what I expected.
I've been here a total of 3 times.
I've ordered an omelette or french toast in past visits.
Its an okay place to grab breakfast, but I'm never really all that blown away.
Its boring!
They certainly don't go above and beyond and yet they're SO busy.
Its dishes you can easily make at home, in your own kitchen, but with sloooooow, slow service.
It seems I can get a better, more filling meal at Ihop and I hate to say that because I'd much rather support a small chain in the community.

My boyfriend and I used to love the cracked egg.
And when I say loved I mean we used to come almost every weekend (provided neither of us worked in the morning).
However neither of us have had the desire to return recently.
In a nutshell, service is not up to par and the food has been mediocre at best.
First of all, I get that the servers may be tired considering they open at 6am but don't take that out on the patrons.
The last couple times my boyfriend and I have been here we've felt rushed from the moment we sat down.
And it's not one server in particular, it's all of them.
Often we get asked if we know what we want to eat before we even order our drinks.
Then 30 seconds after we get our food the check is dropped off.
Can they be any more obvious that they want to go home?
Doesn't make me feel welcome.
Secondly, the food has been a hit and miss lately.
The skillets are always excellent.
My favorite breakfast is eggs benedict and the last time I got it here it was very cold like it had been sitting out.
*thumbs down* However, the coffee cake is great which is why I'm giving this place 2 stars.
Overall, I feel like the cracked egg could go back to what it used to be if changes are made and the staff are taught what QUALITY and SERVICE are.
I won't be returning anytime soon.

"Breakfast (at) Epiphanies"  I come here for breakfast on Saturdays.
Just once in a while, though.
I'm the brooding one at counter's end, staring at the wall like a poster boy for autism, solving complicated problems, arriving at life-changing realizations.
I'm aware that I should instead be gazing slack-jawed at a cell phone like most others but I'm capable of occupying my mind without mini-screens.
Besides, my cell phone is just a phone, and I only turn it on when I need to make a call.
Anyway, the coffee is good here, and the food tastes like it should.
Last time I got corned beef hash; it came with bell peppers, onions, scrambled eggs, hash browns and toast, although you can substitute hash browns with seasoned potatoes if you want, and the toast with coffee cake for something sweet.
Everything was good.
I liked it.
The time before I went with the cakes and eggs combo which arrived with eggs scrambled(my favorite way), two huge pancakes and sausage links, although you can order patties instead of links and bacon instead of sausage.
I didn't care for the links so next time I'll get patties.
But the cakes were good.
Hot and fluffy like a freshly served souflee, which, I suppose, is kind of what pancakes are in a way.
This location does get crowded so plan to wait unless you're an early bird like me.
They are open for lunch as well and the link below will show you their fare.
http://www.thecrackedegglv.com/cracked-egg-menu-0611.pdf  If you make it here some Saturday and see me at the counter, feel free to ask what I'm thinking about.
But don't get mad if you don't like the answer.

I love that they have a gluten free menu.
The gf pancake is a nice rare splurge.
Beware!
It's totally addictive.
Best part?
Real whipped butter.

Gluten-free menu a huge+!
Great GF Blueberry pancakes!
We are moving here and will be back for breakfast.
Very good service to.

Really enjoyed the sweet potato skillet, good service and a friendly atmosphere.

Second time here.
First time was ok, so I decided to try it again.
Service is great among the older adults.
A few young kids at the front, don't acknowledge you  until you are right in front of them for several minutes...
There always appears to be a long wait, but it's not.
They move tables quickly, and you will be seated within the time they say.
Our server, who ironically I had the first time was fantastic!
The menu offers a large variety of breakfast items - skillets, omelets, and  eggs anyway you like...
Along with it you get hash browns or skillet potatoes, toast or coffee cake..   OMG - the coffee cake, some of the best you will every put in your mouth.. Fresh, moist and served warm...
If you are looking for an exceptional place for Breakfast this is not the place, but  it is good food, with reasonable prices.

Please RUN, do not WALK to The Cracked Egg for breakfast!
I highly recommend the seasoned hashbrowns.
And, when they give you the choice between toast or coffee cake, for the love of all things delicious, CHOOSE THE COFFEE CAKE!
It is amazing.
One star off for being a little overpriced for breakfast, but this is by far the best breakfast joint around.

Food is ok. Service is horrible.
3x here and waitress and overall service makes me not want to come back.
The fact that they are busy should not affect  ... HOSPITALITY !!

my friend's sister who lives near this place recommended this place while I was in town.
I ordered the tropical french toast with Bacon, sausage and 2 over medium eggs.
If you're a fan of french toast, you definitely need to try their tropical french toast!
Very generous portions and really good service.

Went here for Sunday brunch with the family; place was packed and noisy.
Their menu was extensive offering everything from your typical eggs sausage and toast to omelets and sandwiches.
I ordered the eggs Benedict which was not bad, but nothing special either.
Service felt rushed too.
I'll be going to sunrise cafe next time around

Don't even think about ordering To-Go.
Overall, this place is okay.
Pretty standard breakfast stuff (awesome coffee cake) and pretty standard service.
The glaring failure with this place is their absolute inability to correctly put together a to go order.
I say inability, because there can't be any other explanation for their 100% failure rate.
I can only assume that there is some kind of medical condition plaguing the staff that prohibits them from grasping the concept of checking an order before they hand it off.
I work in an office across from this place, and I have literally had this problem dozens of times.
Every time I think, "Ya know self, it's been awhile, maybe they have some new people in there now, maybe this time will be the time they don't suck".
Nope.
I guess the real blame lies with me, because I know better and I still keep trying.
My bad I guess.

How many breakfast places still have Monte Christo's .
To make it better they do it right Fried not grilled.
But they don't stop there, the meat is so tender you can cut this sandwich with a fork.
As for service Tori did her job to perfection coffee was kept hot food was fresh and hot when it arrived.
Have to come back though for the coffee cake.

I love this place.
Great food, attentive servers, great vibe.
I totally recommend this place!
I have been here 4 times on 3 different visits to Vegas and it has been so consistently lovely I decided to write a review.
Thanks, Cracked Egg!
Oh, and the stuffed french toasts are divine.

The most amazing breakfast EVER!
Comfortable, open-spaced cafe/diner atmosphere.
Peanut butter french toast- enough said :)

We eat breakfast here fairly regularly.
My favorite is the Joe's scramble, a great egg dish with spinach, ground beef and cream cheese.
They serve potatoes similar to the ones at Egg Works/Egg and I, but I find the seasoning to be lacking at Cracked Egg.
So, I ask for extra seasoning on the side.
The chicken fried steak is VERY solid at this place.
Additionally, the specials are usually good, so check those out.
It's a large restaurant, so even during heavy traffic times the wait is usually not awful.
Also, kid friendly.

Great service and food, we were seated right away didn't have to wait at all.
The club sand which was delicious and had large pieces of avocado on it.
Would highly recommend this place for a breakfast or lunch meal.
Try the banana chocolate chip pancakes, a little sweet but amazing.

The Cracked Egg.
I looked up nearby breakfast places and came across this one.
For some reason I felt like eating eggs and how appropriate.
Walked in and was seated pretty quickly.
Sat down and was immediately greeted by our server.
She quickly let us order our coffee and we browsed the menu.
I ordered the Cakes & Eggs Combo while the husband ordered the Huervos Rancheros.
Waited for a little bit as the entire restaurant was pretty busy.
I like basic breakfast.
Nothing heavy or I would have to roll out of the restaurant.
Cakes, eggs, and bacon were good.
My husband didn't speak for a straight 15 minutes while he was wolfing down his breakfast.
We were FULL.
Overall pretty good food and decent prices.
Our server was pretty helpful and she didn't stress us to leave even though it was super busy.
Nice place to grab breakfast.

Stopped by here because on a rare occasion, I felt like having breakfast.
The service was pretty slow though, the food was really good though, a little better than the ordinary.
Had the eggs benedict, good hollandaise sauce and the eggs were perfectly poached.

I love me some Cracked Egg I'll tell you what.
Coffee cake alone is enough reason to come here.
It's light, fluffy, warm, steamy, sweet, and they're constantly updating the flavors like a pumpkin one in the fall or the berry one I had last.
My favorite things to order for an entree are the scrambles, particularly the South Shore with chicken and avocado.
Their corned beef hash is scrumptious and tasty as well.
Tried soup and salad also, portions are HUGE.
Great place to brunch.

Good omelet with spinach, mushrooms, cheese, avocado and sour cream.
Hash browns, coffee cake & coffee.
Everything was freshly made, and tasted so wonderful.
Laura was our server and she was awesome.
If you ask for her, save me a seat in her section - she's great!

Can you say mehhhhh...?
They took about 10 mins after we sat down to ask for our drink order ... We asked some guy if we can order and he said he's not our waiter.
Wth?
I don't like the service much and the food was alright.
I got the eggs Benedict florentine style (added spinach) it was ok ... My friends said their food was ok too.
I wouldn't come back.

NOT worth the money or the time.
Second time there.
The first time, the service wasn't so great, but the food was ok, so me and the hubby gave it a second try.. BAD idea.
We will not be back!!!
Took almost 15 minutes for someone to ask us if we wanted drinks.
Which in my eyes is not good customer service!!
I got the Veggie Benny and the avocado was black.
GROSS.. My hubby got some egg sandwich, which was a sloppy mess.. GO TO EGG WORKS on Sunset!!
Customer service there is an A+ I give Cracked Eggs customer service a C and that's generous!

I've had breakfast at The Cracked Egg on multiple occasions and nothing in that restaurant warrants the, at times, outrageous wait.
On my latest visit I had The Garden Patch Omelet which had broccoli, spinach, mushrooms, tomato, and cheese.
The omelet was around $10 and came out very dry, almost inedible if it wasn't for the pounds of melted cheese on top.
The veggies on the inside were mushy and indistinguishable.
The side of hash browns was okay, as was the toast... but a hefty price to pay for some toast and small side of hash browns.
I picked at my omelet, and left over half of it un eaten.
My previous visits here were equally unmemorable, but I got to catch up with lovely Jaime W here, so I opted to give this place another shot.
I think this will be my last visit to The Cracked Egg though.

I liked this place.
Food was fresh, service was great.
It is slightly higher than what I normally pay for eggs benedict but I also believe that you get what you pay for.
I had the Veggie Benny and it was awesome.

Been to this location many times (and the S. Rainbow as well).
Attentive and friendly service.
If with a regular customer, the waitstaff pretty much already knows what they want.
Food arrives in a timely manner.
Overall, everything I've ordered has been tasty.
Large portions.
The spicier dishes (eg.
anything with chorizo and or green chile) are too mild for my tastes, but like that there is the option to have something with some non-Anglo flair.
The coffee cake I had as my "toast" option on this past visit was a bit of a disappointment: taste and consistency of something that came out of a Betty Crocker box.
Nice breakfast place.
And if you go on a regular basis, don't forget to sign-up for their loyalty program to get discounts on future meals.

Great breakfast.
Had a custom skillet.
It was great!

Love the cracked egg for breakfast!
I ordered the GVR Omelet.
It is so delicious with the mushrooms, spinach and avocado.
It's great that you can substitute their egg items with egg whites.
It helps me eat a little better for breakfast.
Their coffee cake is to die for!
I'm so glad that it is served with most of their meals.
Each time that I've been here, the waiters have been so attentive.
My coffee cup never goes dry!
Fabulous place and I will definitely be back again!

Great place for breakfast or lunch.
Big servings, so if your on a diet, don't go.
But if you want something close to a really good home cooked meal that you must check them out.

Worst service I've ever received.
They simply care more about themselves than pleasing the customer.
We came to meet my mom and surprise her, we asked to have one of the several empty tables near my mom's table pulled next to her table and my mom's server refused, "because it wasn't her section.
" Uh ok, whatever!
So my husband and I just sit at a table next to my mom and wait and wait and wait for our server who never comes.
I say to my husband, I think we need to let the hostess know since we just sat here.
So I did and apologized for not making her aware of us taking the table and could she get our server.
The hostess was more than put out but I ignored it.
Our server grudgingly showed up, took our order and disappeared, never to be heard from again until our food showed.
I had two eggs over medium, they were fine except my food was served on a  warped plastic plate that kept spinning every time I ate off of it.
My husband ordered basic eggs Benedict.
The eggs were so under cooked that the whites looked literally like snot.
So nasty.
He pointed it out to the server and she proceeded to tell him that's how eggs Benedict are served and continued to argue with him even after he told her that was not true.
The manager who came over was quite nice and apologetic and removed the EB from our bill with out hassle.
It took forever to get our bill from the disgruntled server and when we finally did, it appeared that the EB had not been removed.
I asked the previously rude hostess who is now our cashier to look into it and she proceeds to tell me that the reason we had such a bad experience was because we had sat ourselves.
Well needless to say at this point, I'm offended beyond reason and I begin to lose it with the hostess.
The manager comes again and is very nice again, but he clearly has no control over his staff.
I NOR MY HUSBAND WILL EVER FREQUENT THIS ESTABLISHMENT AGAIN!
The food is not worth the hassle and it's very over priced.
I ended up paying $18 for two eggs, toast, hash browns, bacon,  and coffee.
And as someone else that wrote a review stated the entire wait staff starting with the hostess are rude, unfriendly and act like they are doing you a favor.
Stay away.
I had been going there since the place opened and kept having bad experiences, which culminated into my last and final atrocious experience.

On of my favorite breakfast spots in town!
So glad there is one on the Henderson side, as the only one I used to know was way north west.
Cracked egg has an interesting variety of egg options and fantastic pancakes.
On top of the Joey Scramble I just had to try the Oreo pancake special.
It's loaded with Oreos!!!!!
Of course there was no way I could finish all of this so I took it home and it tasted just as good the next morning!
Can't beat the cracked egg with their specials, skillets, and salads!
Service is always just fine, food is prepared quickly and it's always clean.

This place is great!
I have been there for both lunch and breakfast.
Food is larger portion and great.
As everyone has said, the coffee cake is to die for.
Service is good.
Never had a bad time here for meals or service.

Country Benny So good could live off of it!

Nice little place outside if Las Vegas.
Got the steak breakfast.
Steak was a good size and the eggs and hash browns were a good serving.
The atmosphere was very home town cafe like.
Not noisy at all.
Service was great.
Asked for a drink when I sat down and my Pepsi never got empty.
The staff was very friendly.
I am glad my friend recommeded this place for lunch.
Not sure if they have wifi.

loved it best breakfast ever

delicious breakfast as always... one of the best breakfast spots in green valley.
the wait on the weekends seems to be long sometimes but its worth it.

This place is great!
I always enjoy my visit here because of the great service and skillet's.
You can make your own skillet or get whats on the menu, great to have a choice.
I tried their Country Benny for fathers day and it was great!

This is my second time at the Cracked Egg (Henderson Location) and the first time all I could remember was the fact that the food was delicious; hence my desire to make a return trip.
Walking in to the restaurant with my mom we were greeted by the cashier and told the wait would be 5 minutes; no problem.
When my name was shouted (as if there was a fire mind you), the "hostess" snatched the silverware and menus and raced off to the table.
She did not so much as look back to see if we were following her, nor did she even say anything to us as we were seating ourselves.
Why?
Oh yeah, that's because she was already back at the hostess stand before we even pulled our own chairs out.
This atrocious moment in customer service left an extremely sour taste in my mouth prior to even being helped by our server; who's service was also sub par.
Thankfully the food was the only redeeming quality and the friendly cashier guy.
I thoroughly enjoy the eats at the Cracked egg however we will not be returning to this location again.

Today I went here for the first time.
I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly all the staff were.
I ordered the eggs benedict with seasoned potatoes and my boy had a kid's meal - which I also thought was a good price: $4.50 for a pancake, one egg, and a piece of bacon.
And it all came out really fast.
It seemed like less than 10 minutes.
Everything was delicious.
We used a buy one get one coupon we found in the neighborhood newspaper that gets thrown on our lawn sometimes.
I have no complaints whatsoever.
Thanks.

The food is fresh and delicious.
Nice selection of skillet "scrambles".
Our service was great and our server, Laura, is by far the best.

Great experience!!!
The service wasn't the best, but it was super packed with Zapponians on a weekday morning to be fair to the workers.
I ordered the Californian Omelette that had bacon, avocado and jack cheese... so good.
Be sure to order the seasoned potatoes!
They put this cajun seasoning on top that's making my mouth water right now.. My friend got the Cracked Croissant and that looked even better my omelette, definitely have to order it next time.
Zappos employees really hyped up the coffee cake but I found it too sweet to enjoy for breakfast, I'll probably go for the toast or other choice next time.
Great for breakfast and brunch, I'll for sure be back to try more!

Super busy when I walked in but was managed well.
Chicken fried steak is my weakness in breakfast resturants and this one was on par.

I really want to like this place, but it was just very forgetable and overpriced.
It was a cute place and the servers were fine.
Basic issue is that the food wasn't special and it was overpriced.
With tax and tip I walked out of here paying $10 for a bowl of oatmeal.
It wasn't steel cut oats, just regular Quaker Oats you add water to and it was served with brown sugar, milk, cheap cereal stale granola and a cup of berries, mostly blackberries.
It was a healthy portion of oatmeal, but it should have cost closer to $5.
I did try the coffee cake, which was good but not out of this world.
I would rather go to the Egg and I or Bread and Butter for the same price.
You get a lot tastier food.

I had the supposedly famous stuffed french toast w/bananas,peanut butter and it was something that my 10 year old kid brother could make.
It was two slices of bread dabbled with like a crappy tasting peanut butter (Can peanut butter taste bad?
) and some honey/bananas on side.
Bread was dry and cheap.
(Tasted like the generic bread from Kroger).
The service was good but considering the breakfast was so poor it doesnt bring up the rating.

The tuna melt sandwich and fries I ordered were delicious.
The service could have been better though.
I had a waitress walk by my table several times and just look at all of the dirty dishes that hadn't been cleared off off the table.
My waitress was also a little curt when I ordered.
The restaurant is big and bright and has a decent menu but I noticed that some of the items I saw online weren't on the menu I was given in the restaurant.
That was kind of lame.
If the website was updated and the service problems were fixed, this would have been 4 stars.

The Yelpers who have yelped before me got this review spot on.
To keep it simple...  -The food is DELISH here.
-The service is pretty bad.
We waited about 10-15 minutes after being seated to order or drinks.. not to GET our drinks, just to order them.
Another 5 minutes later we finally got our drinks.
When we needed refills it took a bit, had to wave at the server to get attention a few times.
Takes a while for the food, but once you get it you forget about the service.
Yum!
I ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich with hash browns and I was in heaven.
People I was with got the Greek omelette and the Nutella filled french toast, both were pretty good, according to them.
I would definitely go back here, but because they are only open for breakfast/brunch there can be quite a rush.
Next time I'll be sure to go earlier, maybe service will be better if the crowd is a little smaller.

this has always been my go to breakfast spot.
one of the only places in vegas with gluten free blueberry pancakes!
the service is always friendly and their coffee is super good.
great for take out as well.

This place was crackin' on a Saturday around 11 AM, but we managed to sit at the bar, which was first come, first served, like most places.
From entering to leaving, the staff were really nice.
Our server was pretty good.
Even though you could tell she was pretty busy, she managed to be really nice and attentive.
I love me some good customer service and she did a really good job.
The host/hostess were cool.
They clowned my GF for accidentally running into this baby, knocking her down, and making her cry.
For the food, the coffee cake was really good.
Careful though, I think they throw it in the microwave to heat it up a bit, so the filling gets a little hot.
Really good though.
My corned beef hash was OK.  Not bad, but not that exciting either.
GF ordered some kind of enchilada omelette that wasn't very good.
It wasn't gross, but it just lacked flavor all around.
It just tasted like egg and cheese, basically.
The potatoes were addicting, though.
Overall, I think I'd give it another shot and order something different.
*No babies were harmed during this visit*

The coffee cake is amazing.
We go to this place every time we are in Vegas.
The portions are pretty large and it is a nice place to take your family for breakfast or lunch.
I am a picky egg eater and they get my eggs right every time.

Service was ok, but I loved my California Omelet and there potatoes.
A lot of food, I couldn't fininsh it all.

Saw review in from Ohio last day in Vegas.
Wait was not that long maybe 1 min even though they were busy.
Coffee cake is delicious, ordered the Mexican skillet it was Spicey yet not over the top very good would come back if in town again

A gluten free diner's gem in Las Vegas!
This place was SO good that we went to 2 out of their 4 locations while on vacation over the weekend.
This location in particular was our second stop at a Cracked Egg location.
There was a bit of a wait at this location on a Sunday, but they still moved the line pretty quickly.
This location also has a great outdoor patio dining area which unfortunately was full.
We waited for no longer than 10 minutes and service was super-fast and friendly!
Tip: If there is a long wait, you can sit at the counter and not wait at all.
Another plus about this location: our meals came out really quickly!
So quickly that even our waitress said it was quick!
Given that we were famished, we definitely appreciated that.
Having been through the drill at their other location, I requested the gluten free menu and was excited to try yet another meal here.
SO many gluten free breakfast options!
Choose from scrambles, to omelettes, skillets and gluten-free pancakes.
At this location I tried the Lighten Up scramble which consisted of egg whites, with turkey, diced green peppers and a side of salsa.
All eggs come with a side of hash browns or seasoned potatoes and gluten free toast!
I was glad the server (as well as the menu) mentioned that the bread was toasted in a non-gluten-free toaster; however they will happily grill it for you to avoid contamination.
The scramble was delicious - the ingredients tasted really fresh and light.
I ordered the hash browns again because they are so darn good - perfectly seasoned and crispy!
My husband who does not have any dietary restrictions also loved this place, especially since they serve you a huge chunk of warm, delicious coffee cake with your eggs!
Will most definitely return here if ever in Vegas again - especially since I saw that they also have gluten free lunch options such as burgers and sandwiches.

Not impressed!
omelette was not very good for the high price!
Service was also lacking!

Food is always good.
Some of the servers, one female in particular with an engineers hat, are not very friendly.
I'd note she is the worst because she is rude and makes us pause when we decide on where to eat.
Usually the food wins out.
Anyway we like coming here aside from one or two waitresses.

Chicken fried steak was so-so.
French toast and the egg scrambles were good.
Coffee cake was amazing.
Warm and fluffy.

I love the corn beef hash and its very FILLING  me and my friends left very satisfied

Ill give it up for this place I had to drive a little out of the way and the wait was about 15 minutes but it was a Sunday.
As soon as I ate the food the it was well worth both.
The staff was friendly had good timing on check ups and the food was amazing fresh and didnt take too long.
Pricing was great for the amount of food you got.
I would definitely come back and recommend this place.

On a lazy Sunday morning you may see me and my family here.
We are regular Sunday Brunch patrons at The Cracked Egg.
We always come late Sunday morning, knowing there will be a Sunday wait and we are prepared.
We check in and then visit Popcorn Girl for a sample or two and walk through the pet store to see the latest gadgets (or just look at the same pet toys from the week before ...).
When we run out of things to do, we go back and wait for our name to be called while checking our Facebook or playing on our phones.
The time goes by quickly and we are seated in no time at all.
Our kids love the kids menus with crayons.
Since they already have their regular meals, they get to coloring while we choose between the sinfully delicious choices and the more sensible and healthy options.
BTW, when you are offered the choice of toast or coffee cake, try the coffee cake just once - YUM!
But don't think we are just Sunday visitors, we also come to this place for the occasional weekday breakfast or lunch.
We also often meet friends here for a much livelier meal.
This is Las Vegas' version of the local Sunday Brunch spot.
Thank you Cracked Egg!

Our favorite breakfast place, wish we didn't have to drive 30 minutes but it is worth it.
The kids ask us at least once or twice a month if they can go!

On Father's Day and waiting 45 minutes for our food after waiting 30 minutes to be seated - the food was bad.
They put no meat or cream cheese in the scramble.
Asked them to remake it - they went and took another one from a waiting order that had same problem.
You are supposed to let the kitchen know what the problem was so they can correct it - not just steal some one else's meal.

First time stopping in .. Love breakfast joints like this but sad to say that on my first experience here was not a joyous one, do to the lack of enthusiasm from customer service and the food at best !
Was mediocre ..
I was stoked to try this place because of the reviews it has received and the pics of the food looked delish  .. Maybe just an off day ..

Excellant breakfast, usually take my clients here prior to showing homes.
would recommend number 1.

Breakfast too start the day not really in my vocabulary.
BUT breakfast after any brick day or workout day nothing better for recovery meal.
At The Cracked Egg not only do they offer great breakfast options can order lunch at the same time.
I have been too another one of their property on my side of town.
Always had great experience from the food, service, and one of my favorite go too breakfast restaurants.
I ordered "The Enchilada" omelette.
Instead of toast ALWAYS go for the coffee cake.
The coffee cake no matter which one they offer (on this day think was cherry) not only is it fresh, steamy hot, moist, and nice BiG size piece.
Awesome that you can substitute your toast for coffee cake!
The seasoned potatoes so addicting really could go carb crazy have whole plate of it.
I love the seasoning not sure what it is except perfect blend, just want too keep eating them, and perfect compliment with anything eggs or in my case omelette.
The Enchilada lot of stuff going on inside the omelette.
The enchilada sauce felt like that made all the ingredients come together in perfect harmony.
Top off the omelette with the cheese.
One of the better omelette ever had for breakfast.
The portion size does not end with the coffee cake.
Between the omelette and the generous amount of seasoned potato hearty and leave stuffed.
The restaurant is much bigger in size then the one that closer on my side of town.
It had more open air feeling too it cause of the size.
The interior has the same vibe as the other location.
Truly most important is the food is consistent with other location.
Great breakfast/lunch spot!!!!!
Our server was awesome the whole time staying on top of everything from our drinks and making sure everything going well.
Not often in Henderson but no doubt if in the area need too get my breakfast fix in The Cracked Egg is the spot.
I looked forward too the next visit!

Outstanding breakfast!
I had the GVP white egg omelette it was awesome!
Most important the service was outstanding I sat at the counter and the young lady who was my server didn't outstanding job and I will deathly come back!

Great service, food is fabulous, location is convenient, restaurant is comfy.
Would recommend this place for anyone.

Our first time here.
Great service and atmosphere!
Loved what my husband and I both ordered.
We will definitely be return patrons.

If you're into breakfast, this is a good place.
We went on a Sunday morning, and that was ill-advised.
The place was packed with what looked like regulars, and we had a 20+ minute wait.
We were shown to a table and service was decent.
Within a couple minutes we had our drinks and placed our orders.
I got the Country Bennie, which is like eggs Benedict with country gravy.
She got the Cracked Croissant, which is a croissant sandwich with eggs, cheese and such.
Both came with better than average hash browns.
Both were very good.
The portions are fair, and should fill you up.
I had to bring some food to someone at home, so I ordered up a couple Monte Cristo's.
They were good, but not as good as other places.
That being said, Monte Cristo's are hard to find, and I'm glad they have them.
The coffee cake looks amazingly good, although I did not have any.
One tip: The price is fair, but I did notice we seem to be the only one paying without a coupon.
They do seem to also be in the coupon mailer, so if you haven't tossed it out yet, and you're thinking about going to The Cracked Egg, you should look for the coupon.

Very disappointed to find out they're pancake mix is premade!
Even with my sons milk and eggs allergy they said it was impossible for them to mix some flour and water for his pancake.
I might as well leave my toddler at home... My server had an attitude right away and we only saw her about twice from sit down to leave.
The food was no better than a Denny's, I probably won't come back, although the coffee cake was really good.
That's the only part we enjoyed

I came here because a lot of people I know say it's a good place for breakfast.
It's decent at best.
I'll give you the rundown.
First: If you come here on a weekend, expect a wait time.
My husband and I had to wait 10 minutes for a seat, which honestly isn't terrible...but still meh.
There are cool little stores nearby to kill a few minutes in.
Service: The service was good.
That was one thing I enjoyed about the place.
Our server was ready to recommend items and substitutes for entrees at the drop of a hat.
In fact we saved a little money from it.
BONUS!
Price: This area made me sad.
You get a lot of food, yes, but everything was overpriced.
I got a Joes scramble which was about 10 dollars.
I could have made it at home for a fraction of the price.
Their coffee is 2.25 for a cup.
OUCH.
I'm used to being kind of tight with my money, so everything on the menu made my wallet cry.
Especially since you can make a lot of it at home.
Quality: The quality of the food was good.
On par to what you would expect from a restaurant that specializes in breakfast.
The portions are good and everything is well cooked.
The eggs are fluffy and the potatoes weren't overcooked.
Overall: It was a decent experience but once was more then enough for me.
There are other places to go for a good breakfast and that cost half as much.
I suggest going there once to try it and judge yourself.

This place was awful!
I went into the restaurant on green valley pkwy.
I got huevos rancheros  to go  as I work at an office nearby and was craving breakfast.
Eggs were not cooked at even though I ordered them hard tortilla was soggy.
They didn't put ant cheese and forgot the potatoes.
I could of made a better meal in the microwave at work.
It was defiantly not worth the almost 12 dollars I paid.

I usually go to sunrise cafe on eastern but decided to come here due to the long wait time at sunrise .
Turned out to be a horrible decision .
Although the staff were all friendly , the food on the other hand was horrible.
I ordered the veggie Bennie eggs Benedict with an order of sausage patties (comes in twos).
My egg muffin got too soggy , the hash browns were undercooked and there was too much spinach.
Proportions were off and the food tasted too salty .
I would recommend people to go somewhere else for breakfast.
Unless you are dying of hunger , I would recommend one to go anywhere else .

The coffee cake is delicious, no doubt.
Yesterday morning I had the carnitas omelet.
Very bland and very light on the 'carnitas' part.
Not my favorite meal here.
Will not be back anytime soon.
Can definitely find better and similarly-priced (if not cheaper) breakfast eats in town.

Right next to my work.
Fast and friendly service.
Great tasting breakfast.
Long line on weekends.

This is a great breakfast spot!
The entire staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.
You may wait, but that's because this is such a great place.
The food is delicious and the waiters always have something to recommend or are always able to change the order per a request.
The price is fine, unless you're cheap.
So if you're cheap, go eat at some casino with mediocre food.

First time here.
Went Sundays of all Sundays-Easter.
Didn't even wait 5 mins.
My boyfriend ordered the Montecristo.
Very good!
I ordered the peanut butter French toast.
Very good as well.
Can't wait to be back in the area again, to try something else off of the menu.

Classic American Breakfasts.
Had the Benedict, non-traditional with spinach and tomato, a great choice.
Way better than a Denny's or Coco's but they could be used as an example of what corporate/franchise America would do to this place given the chance.

Food isn't too bad, but the service is pretty terrible.
The two times I've come here, when I walked in, there was no one there to greet you or anything.
There was someone at the register, just minding their own business, not paying any attention to the people who walk in the door.
No sign telling me what to do... "Do I wait to be seated?
Approach the person behind the register?
" Seat myself??
"  Once seated, the water and coffee (although coffee pot and water pitcher were only 20 feet away from us) took way too long to get.
The server seemed so very apathetic about everything.
No urgency whatsoever.
Honestly the service would be the biggest reason I won't be coming back.
The food was okay, but not totally worth the price.

Great food, fast service, friendly staff.
We were greeted and seated immediately.
The food was great.
I recommend the veggie Bennie or the pesto and feta scramble.
We had an awesome server with a big smile who made sure we were taken care of.
All in all great food service and staff.
U'll deff leave happy.

I just ate TWO generations of chicken for breakfast...BOO-YAH!
Worth the wait which is only about 20-30 on weekends.
Good, quick, BIG breakfastes.

Went there for the first time with my buddy.
Ordered waffles & eggs for myself cause I love those things.
It was great.
Server was pleasant.

I never thought I would love peanut butter French toast.....
But I do ;).

We came here in time, we got seated after 5 minutes.
I say this because after a while, there was line and people were waiting even outside to get seated so I'm relieved that we didn't have to wait.
This is my first time here-- it's family oriented that's good for groups too.
Our waiter got our drinks right away.
I got cranberry mixed with orange juice and south shore scramble.
It was a good mix of heart healthy and indulging.
South shore was scrambled with eggs, cheese, bacon, and avocado on top with a side of seasoned potatoes.
It was good and the portion was just right.
I also got coffee as a side.
I was so full from the scramble that I barely touched it.
I still liked the texture and it's sweetness.
It wasn't overwhelming.

Love this place!
Great food, good atmosphere.
Staff is really nice.
Get the coffee cake - apple flavor is best omg it's amazing!
So soft and fluffy!

Pretty big menu, and overall pretty decent breakfast...nothing crazy good here though, everything I have had is just ok.
Egg works got them beat for sure!
Or if you want some real solid breakfast go to the coffee cup!

Visiting from L.A. and just happened upon The Cracked Egg so went in for breakfast.
The food was very good and boy did you get plenty of it.
Would definitely come back and also recommend it.
My waitress Tori was wonderful.
Very friendly and attentive, she made sure I had everything that I needed and kept my water glass full even though they were quite busy.
So nice to have a pleasant waitress and good food to start off the day in a good mood.
Thumbs up to Tori and The Cracked Egg!!

Great family place to eat.
Staff is very nice and helpful.
We had a problem with our name not being on the wait list and when brought to the staff's attention, they seated us right away.
Would recommend this restaurant to anyone and will definitley be back when in the area.
Food is great also and the menu has lots to choose from.

The Monte Cristo sandwich is so good, words cannot descirbe it.
Enough said.... Get it and you will not regret it.

My favorite breakfast spot of all time!
I have ate inside the restaraunt quite a few times but I only live like 2 miles away so I do to go orders a few times a month.
They really have some amazing stuff on the menu.
It is worth checking out the menu before you go so you are prepared.
I'm a simple guy so i usually get coffee, the cakes & eggs combo which is basically 2 large pancakes, 2 eggs and 2 slices bacon.
I've tried a few varieties of things other people with me have ordered like stuffed french toast of peanut butter, nutella.
I've tried the eggs benedict, coffee cakes, biscuits in gravy, chocolate chip pancakes, etc.
Really it is all very good!
The place is very busy on the weekends.
I got to go orders in like 15 minutues but sometimes if you go on a Sat/Sun morning you could have up to an hour wait to get seated and it is not a small restaurant.
Thats a good sign!
I think the only drawback is sometimes when I crave in the evening/night, they are closed.
I think the hours are 6am-3pm which works for breakfast/lunch meals.

Gluten free Pancakes and toast.
Sold.
I'm a regular.
Just ask for the special menu and you'll find almost all omelet and skillet choices are gluten-free.

Everything tastes fresh and homemade.
This is my go to breakfast place when the weekend comes.
I can't even eat at IHOP after coming here.

Well if you read my stuff ya know I like my breakfast this place won't disappoint the portions are large and tasty, and they bring you coffee cake with your coffee???
Or toast but  give me cake any day!
I had the carnitas omelet the taste was bangin, love Mexican food for breakfast the flavors start the day the only thing I didn't enjoy as I am impatient, was waiting I go to eat I'm hungry don't want to set for half an hour smelling food as I'm hungry already, right?
But the staff was  pleasant and the price not to bad so, well be back

Chicken enchilada omelet.
The best omelet I've had in a long time.
Love the cherry coffee cake.

Coffee cake.
Get the coffee cake.
It is not always the same from day to day or hour to hour.
Food is filling and service is outstanding.
Come earl yon the weekend as this place gets busy.
The skillet meals re the best around.
Chicken fried steak is better than most and have good gravy.
you leave very full.
Service is quick there is no delay in waiting for food.

Great breakfast spot.
Some of the menu reminds me of small town country cafés from Texas.
I love the Country Benny.
A great twist on poached eggs and biscuits and gravy.

We stopped for breakfast, first timers here, and enjoyed the simplicity of our meal.
We were seated quickly, wait staff was courteous, and the food was great!
I have pancakes and coffee, and my husband had coffee, the pancakes and egg combo with a side of sausage.
This may well become a regular breakfast location!

One of my favorite spots in town.
The coffee cake is awesome.
There is a different flavor of coffee cake everyday: anything from Cherry, to chocolate, too peach.
I love the Vegas style chicken sandwich.
I always switch out the bun for wheat bread.
Their French fries are homemade and crispy .
I am also a huge fan of the spinach salad.
The spinach salad has a bacon dressing and it is delicious.

I just moved to town and this is already my go to for a great meal.
They only serve breakfast and lunch and wow do they :) it's sooo god I can't wait to try the monte cristo next time!
This time I had north coast scrambler -- yummm A+

I wanted to try this place because of the positive reviews I saw.
And today i finally tried the place and was very disappointed.
The food was mediocre.
Service, horrifying.
Staff is not very friendly.
No eye contact.
It just seemed like the staff did not want to be there.
They have no pride in their restaurant either.
There's trash on the floor and I watched the staff walk by it multiple times including the busser and no one seemed to care to pick it up.
Additionally, our server seemed disinterested.
She was not very genuine with her service.
Made it a horrible experience especially when we are paying good money to buy cheap food.
Pretty sure their food cost for French Toast is like 1 dollar and they charged it up to about 10 dollars.
I gave it a two star because the food was OK.

The food was really good but the service was not.
And this was on a Wednesday at 11:30, I would hate to see the "busy" times.
They employees were unfriendly and looked like their jobs were miserable.
Very bad atmosphere.. we had to wait quite some time for our table.. quite some time for our orders to be taken.. and quite some time for our food.
Like I said.. food is great if you don't mind bad service!

