With the closure of one of my favorite nearby sub joints - Port of Subs on Scottsdale - I find myself pleasantly surprised to find another great sub joint pop up nearby.
This one perhaps even better than my old favorite.
See, I don't like to eat at sub joints that get their meats shipped in boxes pre-sliced who knows when.
Port of Subs was one of the few that cut the meat when you ordered.
I'll miss that, but Silver Mine is close.
They slice the meat fresh all day as part of the shifts.
That means it's still very fresh.
The quality of their meats and bread is great as well.
Their bread is especially good.
The restaurant is clean - immaculate even.
The employees are all really nice dudes.
So friendly, I doubt they're even from here.
They must be from the Midwest.
This place would probably deserve four stars like any other good sub joint should, but what sets this place apart is that they deliver until 3am.
That's right - not only does this place deliver sandwiches, they're open until 3 mother-frenchin a-to the-m.   Their brownies are 430 calories and they worth - they worth hard.
They carry a great selection of chips and bev, and since they are relatively new on the scene - they seem to be constantly tweaking the business here and there.
Their menus get revised every time I order from them.
They give away scratch cards that usually give you a free delivery or a free small side item or drink or something.
I have yet to win a car or my own franchise, but they popped up all over town at some point recently.
If I did win my own sub shop, I'd change the tag line to "You can't beat our meat" because that's what the people would want.
Seriously, these guys are cool and the food is good.

The Beautiful Carin and I went to Arizona Regional Mixer networking event last night (nice event and nice presentation by Gabi K, at the event!).
We were going to go to the Giants-Cubs game after, but by the time we got home, the wind was blowing hard enough that small craft warnings had been posted on Tempe Town Lake and the wind chill was down in the teen's.
What to do about dinner?
TaDa!
Silver Mine Subs delivers!!!!
Within 20 minutes, they brought a quart of hot chicken noodle soup and a Chicken/Bacon and a Roast beef sub, right to my door, all hot and toasted.
Seriously, these guys will make you want to throw rocks at the Subway and Quizno's stores (both also close by, but...no delivery...haha).
The bread and the ingredients are fresh, and sandwiches and soup were well prepared and everything tasted great (does it really taste better when they just bring it to my door, or is it just me?).
Give Silver Mine a try, esp.
for delivery!

Despite the construction on Indian School, this place was doing some major business during the lunch hour on Monday...
I was starving and I wanted to something somewhat healthy but quick...
I remembered reading Donald's review and thought about calling for delivery, but I decided I'd go check the place out myself instead.
And I'm so glad that I did!
The place is super clean, the employees are really friendly, the prices are right, and the food hit the spot too - it was exactly what I needed to fuel the rest of my busy day.
I went with a medium "Caribou" on a tortilla wrap.
What's a "Caribou," you ask?
It's Turkey Breast, Double Provolone, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Sprouts, Mayo.
I know what you're thinking... "Isn't she on a wedding diet?
"  Well - yes, I am.
I ordered it with only single cheese and no mayo.
The wrap is low carb and was supposedly whole wheat but I'd question the whole wheat part.
It was really good though!
I also ordered a side salad and a pickle... both delicious!
(If you like a sweet tangy honey mustard dressing like I do - they've got that too!
)  I'm so glad to know about Silver Mine - I'd go the extra 1/2 mile for Silver Mine over Subway any day... or I'll just have them deliver.
Either way, I'm sold!

I've been here a few times only because so close to home.
I can't say I'm a huge fan of sandwiches.
On the positive side:  Rolls are good.
Veggies are fresh.
Meat is decent quality.
Delivery.
On the negative side:  Avocado translates to a spread.
I forget that every time and order it the next thinking I'm getting the real deal.
Last time, I actually thought they missed it.
I didn't see it, I didn't taste it.
But at the very last bite, I spotted a small green dot of it on the end of the bread.
Potato salad is commercially packaged.
Same brand some of the grocery stores carry.
I'm sure I'll forget that as well and order it again, be disappointed, etc.
I would prefer they not offer it at all if they can't make it in-house.
Prices are on the high side for sandwiches that are just basic meats and cheeses.
We purchased a small (5"), a medium (8"), and the side of potato salad for $13.

I like it a LOT.
The rolls are soft and fresh, the meat is sliced thin (the way I like it), and toppings are fresh and flavorful.
I had a slightly-more-than decently-sized portion in a medium Dodge City sub for $6.
Knowledgable staff with good suggestions when I couldn't decide what to order.
High school employees (and friendly ones, at that!
) reminded me of days gone by...

Gross!
Bland deli meat on bland sub bread with bland toppings.
Was it food?
Yes.
So I guess it requires stars.

DELISH!
The bread was soo soft and fresh and they put just the right about of meat on their sandwiches and condiments as well.
The establishment was clean and and the staff was super friendly from the greeting we got entering to our exit.
Kinda wish we had one up north by my place, but would definitely go out of my way for this over a subway any day.

My experience here was not so great!
The sandwiches lacked meat, cheese, ingredients and worst of all flavor!!!
They were out of the kids meal items so instead of fruit she had a cookie and larger drink!!
The sandwich I had was bad!
And the sandwich Jared R ordered was loaded but he was not told that the 6 extra toppings were going to cost him over $2 extra!!!
His medium sandwich was over $8!!
Thats insane!
Makes me see how much subway or even quiznos can be such a great deal!

Silver mine is reliable which gives it extra brownie points.
They deliver until 3am!
Especially for those of us who work late, get home late, don't want to cook so we get delivery.
My two favorite subs are the Frontier and the Silver Plume.
I think it's a unique idea to theme a sandwich place after a "silver mine".
The guys that work there are really laid back and try to be as helpful and accommodating as possible but they are getting 4 out of 5 stars because their menu is literally just sandwiches and drinks.

I am not normally a sandwich kind of girl, but when I get the craving for a sandwich, Silver Mine is the place I go!
I first had Silver Mine back in my ASU days, we couldn't believe that we could get delivery until 3:00 am for something other than pizza, so we were hooked!
The bread is what really makes the sandwiches so good, it is way better than Subways or Blimpies, it soft on the inside and bit crispy on the outside!
The meats and cheeses that they use are really fresh, and they have sprouts!
They also have really good broccoli cheese soup and an array of hot sandwiches too!
They staff is really nice, and even though this location is not near ASU they still will deliver to my house until 3:00 am!

Great sandwich place!
I always get delivery, & they are fast and accurate with our orders.
They usually get to us within 10 mins of ordering.
They are my go to lunch!
The tombstone is my favorite, no sprouts;)

Went with so co-wokers who really like this place.
Everything was pretty good.
Nothing to get too excited about, but a good little sandwich when you want one.

Man I wish there was a business in SD like this.
I do a lot of late night eating in my town, and there's only a few choices for somewhat healthy eats after hours so I was thrilled to see that this sandwich shop was not only open till 3am, but they also deliver.
It came quick, it was pretty darn tasty, and I didn't wake up with my digestive track saying "F*** You A**hole!
" A foot long turkey with avocado to my hotel room for under $10 at 2am?!?!
Can I get a hell ya?

So last weekend, after Patties, I ended up going to SIlver Mine because there was no way in hell I was going to wait in line for 45 minutes for a Philly Cheesesteak.
Especially since I am doing so well with my "eating healthy" kick.
Luckily Silver Mine is open late (till 4am I believe), so I was able to grab a bite that was relatively healthy: The Tombstone: Turkey Breast, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomato, Sprouts, and just a light dab of Mayo on Wheat Bread.
Everything was perfect.
The bread.
The lettuce.
The sprouts.
It was a fantastic sandwich.
I've been to this location several times.
The staff is awesome.
Don't judge them.
They are good people, VERY friendly and they love to hang out.
I come in to grab a bite every month or so, and they always remember me.
I like that kind of customer service.
I'm a friend for life.

This is a good alternative to Subway.
They have a more original menu and less of a corporate feel.
There's also a punch card for frequent visitors.

Ordered here for lunch a few times.
Nice big lunches but nothing super fancy.
a little over-done on the sauce.

Six words can summarize it nicely: consistent, fast, clean, and friendly staff.
Silver Mine has provided great staple sandwiches on many a busy day or during some of my innumerable home improvement fiascoes that result in hundreds of trips to numerous stores.
They've never doled out rotten rabbit food (old or brown vegetables), rancid meat, the place is always clean, the staff have always been friendly, and the price is good.

I'm a big fan of Silver Mine.
I have been for a long time.
In fact, I would venture to say that this is my favorite sub place.
Ever.
I can't quite pinpoint what is so appealing about it to me.
I do know that it was a dangerous decision to decide to live within a mile of this shop.
The employees are super friendly, the restaurant itself is clean, the food is cheap and oh-so-good.
Personally, I recommend the Pikes Peak or Bust which is a veggie cheese sandwich.
I love it and have turned into the type of person that gets the same thing every single time...yikes!
P.S...They also deliver until the wee hours of the morning and it doesn't get much better than a tasty sub when you have been out and about in Scottsdale on a Saturday night :)

I  recently had my fist time (very possibly the last ) with this location and I wanted to express how horrible my order was in hopes that this will contribute to helping this location be better.
I ordered online and I was able to write how I wanted my sandwich which wasn't a super difficult way and when I received it I couldn't believe how bland it was and disappointing.
The delivery service was fast and convenient which I appreciated but it was my meal that was not as great.
My sandwich was mostly lettuce which overpowered everything else in it, I had 1 little skinny piece of bacon, my meat was 2 very thin slices of each kind I ordered to where  I couldn't even taste it, and I had one little glop of avocado on the bottom portion of the sandwich.
Moving on to the soup which was mostly cheese sauce because there was maybe 5 little itty bitty pieces of broccoli in there.
I had to make more broccoli (fresh from my house) to add in there which made it amazing after the fact.
We ordered around 8:15pm so we received our order right before 9pm so I am not sure if it was the night crew not wanting to make things satisfactory but at this point I would NOT recommend this to a friend to try and I myself would not want to return to eat there again.

Just ordered from Silver Mine Subs.
Despite ordering online so they would have perfect information order still was delivered over an hour later do to going to the wrong address.
Driver didn't care as he already had the tip from the order online.
Just said "Sorry bud" in a bored voice.
Hot food is cold now as well, NEVER ORDER FROM THERE AGAIN!

Gross!
my warm sandwich was cold, no meat Cold cheese, cold veggies...hardly a cheesesteak.
Didn't even ask if we wanted anything else on it.
I will not be returning.
gross.

This Silver Mine was just awful.
My sandwich was bread, bread, and more bread and a ton of mayo.
Go to the Silver Mine off of Mill Ave in Tempe.
Much better, and they won't jip you of your meat.

Very good.
Always fresh and made to order.

Silver MIne Subs is almost like any normal sub place that I have been to, but this is the first one that is open until 3 am and delivers!
That is a major bonus because I often look for something of decent quality after a night partying out in Old Town.
Most of the time you are limited to greasy burgers, pizzas, or tacos after 2 a.m., but Sliver MIne will provide quality protein and carbs when your body most needs it to recover.
My friends have eaten here after several major drinking outings, and they have never had a hangover.

What can I say, it's a staple and always will be.
Nothing to write home about, but they are consistently quick and tasty.
They charge an uptick for additional goodies like guacamole/avacados, but any sandwich shop will do that to ya.

Just placed my first order online from Silver Mine Subs and am very pleased!
With delivery time being just 18 minutes from when I ordered my sub arrived fresh and delicious!
Easy online ordering, quick delivery and a tasty sub...I'll be ordering from them again!

Love this place.
Open late so I often stumble in here after the bars or on my way home from a late movie at Harkins Camelview.
Yummy subs -- the hot subs are all delicious and you really can't go wrong.
Friendly employees and fairly loud music playing, usually throwback hip-hop/rap.
My fav is the Tombstone (meatball) with just parm.
cheese.
Open until 3AM every day.

Silver Mine Subs is a really good sandwich shop preparing interesting arranged subs.
One of my initial tests when evaluating a sub shop is the feel and weight of the sandwich after picking it up from the counter.
If it feels light and mushy, well that's not such a great thing.
Weight gives you a good idea of how much meat is in the sandwich.
While mushy tends to indicate too much veggies.
I know that may sound arbitrary, but if you think about it, it's a decent first impression.
My King Bullion was solid and felt like a pound or so.
Good first start.
Other sandwiches on the menu that looked interesting (photo):  -Georgetown (turkey breast, bacon, provolone, avocado);  -California Gulch (tuna salad and provolone); -Comstock (double roast beef and provolone);  -Silver City (salami, ham and provolone).
The Cold Subs run $4.49 for the small, $5.99 for the medium and $7.49 for the large.
My medium 8" King Bullion had roast beef, turkey breast and provolone (see photo), along with some veggies.
The bread held up well and didn't fall apart while eating.
It also came cut.
Nice!
The inside of Silver Mine Subs reminded me of that industrial motif favored by Chipotle.
Instead Silver Mine uses concrete board, in place of dry wall.
It also has a "surfer dude" feel.
Don't ask me why, I guess I heard too many "wow, man" on my visit.
I would give them 3 3/4 stars, rounded up to four after my first visit.
I would rate them ahead of Subways and Bimpies, but behind Jersey Mike's, Capriotti's and Jimmy John's and worthy of a visit.
I would agree with Gabi M's take: " I'd go the extra 1/2 mile for Silver Mine over Subway any day.
"  Hell, I go an extra 5 miles for a Silver Mine!
Enjoy!

Horrible service.
A five dollar sub... And one thin piece of turkey and one thin slice of bacon.
I thought the turkey was a piece of cheese.
The avacado is a spread.
They don't tell you that either.
Best thing was the bread.
Worst sub I've ever had.
Rude teenyboppers running the store.
Won't buy again.
If I could give it no stars.

The fact that Silver Mine delivers until three in the morning is what keeps me ordering.
It's nice to have a non-pizza option after hours.
Most of the time they are quick and reliable.
The subs themselves are pretty standard and not something I would go out of my way to eat.
Casella's (just north on Granite Reef and McDonald) is a locally run deli that has AMAZING sandwiches.

I live literally a block and a half from this location, so when I moved to my new place I was excited a sandwich stop was right down the street.
Unfortunately, the sandwiches just aren't worth the price.
A large sandwich is about 2/3 the size of one I could get from subway for less.
All of the sandwiches are good, but I don't feel like I'm getting all the bang for my buck.
It is nice that they have late hours for some after-the-bars munchies, but I have only eaten here a handful of times.
If their sandwiches and prices matched better I would probably eat here once a week.

We were hungry in Scottsdale, pulled out the entertainment book and there she was - Silver Mine Subs - Eureka!
I know, I know - another sub shop right?
Nope, this one is a bit different IMHO.
First off, we like the different sizes.
For us a 6" is too much for my daughter but the kids is too small, 5" is just right.
A 6" leaves me hungry and a footlong is too much so the 8" is just right for me.
The options were good, so we chose the "Caribou" - Tky Brst, Dbl Provolone, Avocado, Lett, Tom, Sprouts, Mayo.
The bread was fresh and chewy, the veggies were fresh, the price was right (especially with our BOGO from the book).
The staff were all very friendly and professional, the service was fast and the place was very clean.
We took ours to go but next time we're hanging out just to look at the scenery ;).

The people are very friendly and nice.
The food.
2 stars.
Meh.
My sandwich roll did not feel cooked all the way through.
Doughy.
Tasted doughy as well.
The meat, cheese, sandwhich itself was good.
My only complaint with the toppings was the onions were in chunks and not slices.
Based off the menu, they had a good variety of sandwhich offerings and toppings.
The 11" Roast Beef was almost $9 dollars with not extras on it.
Not worth the cost.
Scrunching my nose...
I don't think I'll be back.

Never again.
A piece of what looked like slimy buddig (you know, that cheapie "meat product" you can buy for about $1.50 in the store--thin sticky monosodium glutamate stuff) turkey (yes, one measly slice) and some slimy green goo that's supposed to be guac?
A couple of shreds of lettuce?Say, WHAT?
Ok, so they deliver to the heavily imbibed until 3 AM, that's about the only thing going for this place.
The sub I barely ate makes Subway look like a gourmet sandwich.
Matter of fact, I could barely choke down a few bites.
Where were the ingredients?
On second thought, glad there were barely any, as there is no quality of any kind here.
Truly, if you're looking for some crap to stick down your trap to absorb some alcohol, go for it.
Me?
I'd rather stumble into a Denny's to sober up.
This was just so, so bad.
I wish Jersey Mikes would open more locations.
I couldn't make this bad of a sandwich if I tried.
People will eat anything.
Sigh.

Great subs - super fast, super convenient hours.
The staff is always really friendly.

The bread here is 1 star and when you have a sub place the bread is very important to a sandwich.
The meats are so so.
I would much rather go to Jimmy johns for the same amount.

I don't live near Silver Mine anymore (tear) but do love their sandwiches!
I actually crave these guys and love their punch card system.
I can't tell you how many times I've earned a free sub!
If you're a dessert person, their brownies and cookies hit the spot!
Plus, who can complain about delivery AND staying open late, and I mean 3AM late!
They also offer soup, chips, potato salad and a pickle for side options.
Simple and delicious, can't complain!

I placed an online order for a 8" sub and a large iced tea, and received an email confirmation and also the automated confirmation on their website.
The message said the order would be delivered in 45 minutes, and it being a Saturday I expected my order to take the full delivery estimated wait time.
After an hour went by, I decided to call the store and find out if my order was on it's way yet.
I have been ordering from Silver Mine Subs for 5 years, and never had a very long wait time, especially on such a small order and always living near a location.
When I called the store, the first person I spoke with said he did not receive my order to their system and that he didn't know what to do, that they just didn't get it, that they had been having issues with their online ordering, and I could just re-order.
I stated that that was not acceptable and they needed to fix this issue and asked to speak with a manager.
He put a "manager" on the phone, who actually admitted that he was not a manager and only a shift leader.
I expressed my frustration with lack of solution from speaking with the first employee, and the shift leader was no better.
There was no empathy, or concern for keeping my business and he stated that there was NOTHING he could do and that I needed to call corporate.
My order also totaled $12.60, however charged my account for $16.13, and when I mentioned that information, he as well said that it wasn't his concern and there was nothing he could do.
I even suggested that he deliver my food personally and I will show him my receipt for purchase to prove I wasn't trying to scam him, and he said he would not do that, and that if I wanted food, I need to re-pay and he would bring me my order.
I kept asking him if he was being serious, or if this was a joke because never in my life have I ever had such terrible service, and he insisted there was nothing they were going to do, and that I needed to call corporate.
I asked him for the corporate number, and he stated he didn't have it, and that I had to go online to get it.
I politely told him to "eff off", and called the websites corporate number, where I got someones voice mail.
I left a message with my name, number and story of what had happened and never received a call back.
This morning I called the store to see if maybe I could finally talk to a manager.
I was able to talk with Justin, who repeatedly apologized once I told him the full story, and he sounded so embarrassed.
He offered me to come in for my order this evening, and that he would also provide a gift card for future purchases as long as it meant keeping me as a customer.
Funny how he also mentioned there was only three people working that time of day, and he knew exactly who I was talking about and that they have had previous problems with that employee.
So all in all, I cannot say that I will ever eat from here again after I am done using the gift card, and the only reason I will use the gift card is because I do not want to waste it.
Although the manager Justin finally fixed the problem, it still does not sit well with me that this could ever happen again at this location nearest me, and that a well known business in Arizona would hire people who act this way towards customers, and they knowingly kept him having had previous problems.
I understand there are people who make mistakes at their jobs, but is the juice really worth the squeeze?
Not for this girl.

I take Silvermine for what it is, because it's one of the better options for delivery, especially late at night.
Most of the time, the sandwiches are not bad.
I live closer to the Silver Mine Subs on Mill and they always deliver within their quoted timeframe.
They forget crackers to my soup, utensils, or napkins quite frequently, but always on time.
I'm closer to this Silver Mine for work, so I've ordered here a few times.
For the third time in a row, they deliver my food 50-70 minutes after I order it, and always quote me 30-40 minutes.
I understand if you're busy, but just be honest with the time, guys.
If I'm waiting that long for a sandwich, it's not worth it.
I've ordered here for the last time, unfortunately.

They get one star for piss poor service on my latest online order!
I ordered a 16 oz bowl of chili and a medium sandwich for delivery to my home!
I get a call from Tyler about a minute after I place the order saying that their supplier is out of chili so they don't have any!
I say no big deal can you just give me a grilled chicken salad instead....He said oh the price is different on that and it's too hard to put in the system since you placed your order online.....REALLY????
Too Hard???
The price is ten cents higher for the salad....Any employee with half a brain would've just called it a wash, charged me the same and brought my salad with the sandwich....When this kid said it's too hard for him to fix, I just said well I guess go ahead and cancel the order then!
Instead of saying sorry, we can fix it or some other way of saving my business....He just said ok.....Sounded about half stoned when he called me as well.....What a joke, and makes not ever want to do business with these guys again, regardless of how much I like the food!

Silver Mine is always pretty good.
Great sandwiches.
Delicious soups.
Late night delivery..what's not to like???
Try their pickles.
I don't know what brand they are but they are really good!!

Silvermine rarely disappoints.
I order from here usually once a week and has replaced my pizza night.
I have tried the philly cheesesteak, cour de'arlenes, and the motherlode subs.
They use very fresh ingredients, but sometimes the subs can be a bit cold or bread a little undercooked.
It is occasionally a bit salty too.
All that being said, they arrive quickly every time, usually within 20-30 minutes, even when the estimates say 1 hour.
The cost can be a little high, but considering they deliver decent, healthier options than pizza until 3AM, I love it!

