I heard about this place from an acquaintance and thought I'd give it a try.
It just opened recently, so I figured it was worth a lunch trip to see if it was any different than your typical chain "cafe.
" The verdict -- not really.
It is a mix between Wildflower Bread Company and Paradise Bakery.
The food is so-so -- not as good as Wildflower, but slightly better than Paradise Bakery.
I had their panini and soup combo.
The panini was fine and for the soup I had chicken tortilla, which I must say was pretty tasty.
Their bakery selections, however, did look delicious!
And they do catering, which might be nice if your having a small gathering or a work meeting.
The staff seemed very friendly and helpful.
I was greeted by a "hostess" when I entered and then directed by another "hostess" to an open ordering station.
The dinning area is pretty large, with plenty of places to sit as well as a good sized patio.
All in all, it was a nice experience.
The food wasn't anything spectacular -- and for being what it was, was kind of overpriced  -- but decent nevertheless.
I am not sure if I'll go out of my way to visit here again, but if I'm in the area, I may stop by.

I went to this cafe with my husband after anxiously waiting several months for it to open up for business.
Well, I got my hopes up because it really wasn't anything that great.
I was expecting an ABUNDANCE of bakery goodies, but they don't have that much.
I have seen better quality and selection at another bakery I go to in Sun City.
All they had was two little displays of baked goods, some of which pretty tasty, like their cheesecake brownies and mini bundt cakes, but still...I wasn't that impressed.
They also have a breakfast and lunch menu with things like croissant sandwiches, or scrambled eggs or french toast.
The portion size is pretty small and the price is pretty affordable.
It's sort of like Mcdonalds.
I ordered the raisin french toast, which came with two strips of bacon, a small piece of french toast and a small cup of fruit for under $6.00.
Fountain drinks are seperate and are not included in the meal, so that's another $2.00.
I should of went to IHOP.
The thing that really annoyed me though, was the staff.
Upon entering the cafe, I was greeted by what I assume was a hostess, although she didn't seat us because it's self-seating.
She was awfully chipper and fake, I presume because they just opened for business and she was extra happy to be there?
She then asked us if we had ever dined there before, as if dining there and trying to figure out what to do was quantum physics or something.
The cashiers were also pretty overly-chipper and it seemed insincere.
Also, when we went to get our drinks, (and also the entire time we were eating) there was a self-important looking manager talking with one of his fellow collegues rudely standing dead center in front of the soda fountain.
He was polite in greeting us, but him and his collegue just would not budge from that spot and were completely blocking traffic in front of the soda machine.
He just kept standing there with his little clipboard, discussing exciting changes and oversees of this new cafe.
It was so rude.
I had to keep going around him to get my drink and condiments.
He was completely oblivious to his rudeness.
All in all, I doubt I'll go back here.
I paid freakin' $8.00 total for some little dinky breakfast, when I could have went to Micky D's and got it for $4.
Plus the staff is so phoney bologna and need to turn it down a notch.

I expected a Paradise Bakery experience the first time I went, and was pleasantly impressed.
Similar fare, but better.
I've been there only once for breakfast -- their oatmeal is delicious!
My nearly-ninety-year-old mother and I have gone back several times for lunch.
As at Paradise, you can get the three-salad sample.
But I think the salads at Corner Bakery are far more creative.
The Harvest Salad is especially yummy.
I'm really interested in the Ginger Asparagus Couscous Salad, but -- alas -- I don't like cucumbers and they're already mixed in.
Every one of their soups has delighted.
The sandwiches that we've tried have all been good, but so far I haven't run into anything particularly special.
What is special is the service.
Though they can't take the cucumbers out of the Asparagus Salad, they *did* take the bread off my mom's grilled Reuben sandwich.
She can't eat bread, but really wanted my sister or me to get the Reuben just so she could have a taste.
Instead, the cooks made up a delicious sandwich for her -- sans bread.
The entire staff is very accommodating.
I'm following Weight Watchers right now, so haven't been able to graze the baked goods yet.
But I've been assured by my sisters and mother that everything is great!
None of us can go by 83rd Avenue now without picking up a package of Sweet Crisps to take home to Mom.
As far as Weight Watchers... Their 3-Lentil Soup/Half-Sandwich combo keeps your points right there in the safe zone.
Just pick their tuna or Bavarian turkey for your half sandwich.
Oh, and they have free wifi.
So if you want a place to go to enjoy food, not have to rush, not have a wait-staff in your face, but know that they'll be there to help when you need it, I recommend Corner Bakery Cafe.

Went here for dinner a couple nights ago with the boyfriend and we had a nice time!
I got the bavarian sandwich/caeser salad combo (my sandwich was turkey onion mayo/mustard and lettuce on pretzel bread yummy!
) and the salad was good.
The boy got the club panini and chicken noodle soup.
Apparently his was so good I wasn't able to try more than a tiny nibble...haha.
Their iced tea was DELICIOUS.
Overall, I'd go back.

I have a bad feeling about the longevity of this one.
I went in wanting to be impressed.It looks super cute and just my style from the outside ..how can you go wrong with the word Bakery in the title?
But  after eating there I can say the food was just meh... my kids both commented it was just okay  and they even  had some of the baked goods.
The decor is  part bistro/ part old time feel .. looks cute with baked goods in covered glass tiers on the counter.
The service is just like Paradise or Wildflower Bread ..but the food is not as good or creative in my book.
My chopped salad was chopped so small that I couldn't quite eat  it and wished I had a spoon.
Flavor in the salad was uninspired and got old quick .
As my oldest said " I can't quite see us going back".

After several visits I'm losing enthusiasm for this place.
Soups can be quite good, and soup/sandwich combos are good as well - but the prices start to add up quickly for the sort of food you're getting.
Add a cookie and soft drink and you've quickly passed $10 for a simple lunch.
The little roll that comes with the soup is pathetic.

Glad to have a corner bakery nearby.
The pesto chicken sandwich is always excellent and the bakery items are delightful.

For another day of research, I found myself at The Corner Bakery Cafe.
I indulged in a banana bundt cake and an iced tea.
I was there from 3:30pm - 7:30pm and enjoyed the homely feel.
The tables are made of oak and the seats of leather.
It was very comfortable, and the staff there were friendly.
I will definitely keep The Corner Bakery Cafe in mind on days that I need somewhere quiet to work and enjoy a light meal or fresh baked treat.

I love the look of this place and always drive by the one in San Diego.
After having crappy coffee all day at my hotel, I was in need of a decent cup.
I ordered a latte and received a cappuccino.
Whatever, the sixteen year old at the counter isn't working at Starbucks.
The espresso was decent and the foam was nice...
I didn't complain.
My banana walnut pound cake was a gritty, sugary disaster.
The sandwiches looked good though.

So cute.
The food is phenomenal, great meeting or planning space.
Huge menu.
Significantly better than Panera or Paradise Bakery.

Sometimes the third try isn't the charm.
I dropped by Corner Bakery around 10:30 this morning to pick up something to take with me to work.
As usual, the space was charming and clean and they had someone ready and waiting to take my order.
I decided to order something I hadn't tried before and went with the Chopped Salad.
I sat down to wait.
And I waited.
And waited.
And watched a bunch of employees standing around doing nothing.
And waited.
And listened to the manager whine to another employee like a sad sorority girl -- right in front of me.
And waited.
If it were possible to grow lettuce in 20 minutes, I would think that's what happened because I was the only one waiting for an order (there were a couple of other people there, but they already had their food).
Ugh.
Seriously disappointing.
And my salad was nothing to get excited about.
I enjoyed my other two visits...but there is nothing I hate worse than not knowing what kind of service I'll get on my next trip.
You have to be consistent to get 5-stars in my book and with so many other choices in the area, it'll be awhile before I give them another try.

Panera?
Paradise?
Wildflower?
Corner Bakery?
I would rank them:  1.
Wildflower 2. ?
3. ?
Panera 5.
Corner Bakery 6.
Paradise Bakery  This is of course only a ranking of these upscale concept sort of places where you can order things like soup or salad & half a sandwich and a muffin or cookie.
And you can pull out your laptop and use free wifi (often what brings me in).

Good food here.
Nice atmosphere.
Food a bit pricey, but if you share, it's not too bad.
The Pecan Bar is awesome.

This place is ok.  Not too expensive and better than eating at subway.
Oh they have free wifi and coke zero.
All and all its good but not the sandwich shop I've been searching for.
Sometimes I think ill never find it.

It's like Paradise Bakery but with a more diverse and far better menu.

Ate breakfast and the Anaheim panini was excellent.
Nice atmosphere and great baked goods.

Lunchtime was weird.
Their credit card machine was down and they had to go old school with that.
There was one poor dude whos credit card was declined 3 times and the manager said that it was not their system.
Until my work credit card was declined.
Anyway, the food was very so-so, service was attentive and I wished that I liked it more than that.
I am still a fan on Paradise Bakery, though I am not sure that I have Yelped anyone of them.
Put that on the list to do.

The menu selection is nice.
Hot pastas, paninis, sandwiches, soup, and salads with lots of "sweets" for dessert.
The only problem we've had there is as follows: we were there for dinner one night and decided to get salads.
It took forever for them to bring them out and when they did, the lettuce was so cold it hurt our teeth to chew and the chicken was still frozen.
Frozen chicken!
The manager stopped by to ask how everything is and, while he was a very friendly guy, when I told him our chicken was frozen he said, "oh let me see what's going on back there.
" He left and never came back.
We were pretty much the only people there.
(who thinks of going to corner bakery for dinner on a Friday night) I would have appreciated an offer for a new dinner selection or something.
We suffered through our frozen chicken salad and left.

Date 12-4-1010   In the past year I have eaten in your Peoria store not less than 30 times.
We use this place to meet with our friends and children.
We can come in get something to eat and chat.
Tonight my wife and I went there to eat.
She ordered a bowl of tomato basil soup and I ordered the same in a bread bowl.
The bread bowls just have a small divot in the top for the soup.
This divot is much to small for a cup of soup and it spills into the plate.
I asked if enough bread could be removes to hold the soup without it spilling onto the plate.
Nothing was said.
When my order was delivered to the table the person proceeded to tell me that if I wanted it that way in the future they would have to charge me for a bowl of soup instead of a cup.
I never asked for any special consideration on the price when I ordered the soup.
Would not that of not been the time to tell me that it would cost more to fix the soup the way I wanted ??
The person that delivered the soup then proceeded to lecture me on the fact that I had gotten more than I had paid for.
I asked her to please leave.
I had to do this twice as she continued to try and lecture.
I did not get her name.
She was about 5'8" slim light brown hair.
Probably 20 or less.
I should of called for the manager but at that time I was so mad I just ate my soup and left.
I have been eating out for many years.
This is the worst service I have ever had.
Maybe you think one out of 30 times in the restaurant is acceptable for bad service.
I don't!!
I did write a letter to the Corporate Office.
Lets see if they care?

I've been there a couple times.
I like it more than paradise bakery, but havent been to wildflower recently, or panera at all.
I thought the club panini was really good.
A bit pricey, but that's how all of them are.
I've had good service here.

So, i have been on a so called diet lately and just wasn't really in the mood for heavy, greasy food.
I was on my way to meeting a friend for a movie preview of Green Lantern and was driving around arrowhead area and passed several restaurants and decided it was either corner bakery or hooters (tough decision, i know).
Never been to corner bakery, so I decided "lets give it a go".
I walk in and I like the atmosphere of the restaurant, it is kinda like a quaint little cafe in a small town.
At least the vibe you get even though it is a spacious restaurant with plenty of tables.
The tables are not crowded though, you get your space.
On to the reason you would read this review, the food.
I ordered the green chile and chicken panini.
I enjoyed it very much.
I have had many paninis and most are lacking in one important area: The bread.
If you are a sandwich lover, you know the bread is the MOST important part.
The panini was grilled to perfection, it was actually crispy and even had some blackened edges (This is a good thing, so many places under toast/grill the bread to where its not even crispy).
The chicken and chile tasted wonderful as well.
The sandwich was a healthy portion with chips and a slice of pickle for $7.50 was well worth it.
The 2.25 for  a large soda was a little high, but I understand these days thats where they make there money...
I will be back and my search for a great panini is over...

After a night of drunken partying, my friend Taric and I had a long, hot, walk home.
And we saw this place so decided to walk in.
Before even hitting the door, I noticed an older couple leaving.
They saw us, Urban people, and stared a little longer than my comfort level normally allows.
I rolled my eyes as we entered.
First thing was a nice blast of cold air.
I liked that.
The atmosphere was exactly what you would expect of a bakery cafe.
Dark stained wood.
No ceiling.
And some upbeat trumpet based jazz playing, the volume turned up higher than normal.
The line was slightly long, but fast moving.
When you first come in, there is a paper menu on the table, and unless you have great vision, with a hint of magnification attributes, I suggest you grab one.
Apparently, all their food is homegrown.
Which gave me hope for a more delicious meal.
But of course, this also drives the prices a little higher.
When we got to the cashier, I ordered the Anaheim Scrambler.
Which is described as scrambled eggs with bacon, cheese, tomato, and topped with avocado pieces.
I got a large pre-made/homemade lemonade.
Overall $10.00  Taric got his food first after we sat down, and it took him eating a whole half a sandwich before I got my food... My plate certainly looked impressive.
A standard helping of eggs.
I cup of assorted fresh looking fruit.
And two half slices of their own wheat bread.
The eggs were fantastic, in my opinion.
They were cooked perfectly.
And the bacon and cheese was delicious as well.
However the best part was the avocado!
It enhanced the meal perfectly.
The fruit was fresh.
The lemonade good.
The bread was a little dry, which was disappointing considering this was a bakery, and I expected fresh bread.
In the end, I was satisfied.
The price matched the quality.
Next time, during the colder seasons, I want to try their coffee.
And their black tea, which according to Taric is the best black tea of all time!?!?!?

They used to be a bit better, the portion sizes were smaller and just perfect.
Their soups are really good, the scramblers are better, the sandwiches are amazing, I love that you can have a healthy breakfast here.
The Ravioli is to die for!!!
Overall, I love it and I go again and again and again.

This was a sight for sore eyes on Sunday morning.
I had a long Saturday night, so a gently-lit room with soft music was the perfect place to get my brunch on.
The long line was discouraging, but the staff was speedy, and the ordering process was highly efficient.
Take a number, and they'll find you.
No more than five minutes later, my order arrived with a smile.
It was the advertised lunch item, the "BBLT".
I thought the extra 'B' stood for the balsamic vinaigrette that ruined robust, locally-grown tomatoes, and I was wrong.
It was emphasis on the supposedly generous portion of average bacon in the sandwich.
In that aspect, it was mediocre.
To make matters worse, the mayo on the sandwich was...very acidic, to say the least.
Wedged between what I believe to be lackluster sourdough, this sandwich tasted way too tart.
I don't even like their bread, I can say with confidence it ain't up to snuff after visiting some REAL bakeries in this town.
So after looking at the menu online, I see they enjoy taking a simple breakfast/lunch food and spicing it up a little...they shouldn't try so hard.
My stomach churns at the thought of them messing up the paninis.
Maybe I'll be back to try a breakfast panini, as they were pretty cheap (chicken sausage and apple?
Hmm...)  Basically, there are some decent items to be had here, I'm sure.
But...can you find a better brunch or sandwich for around $10?
If you're on Yelp, you already should have.
The food is 'meh', but at least the service is great.
And that black currant tea.
I want a tank to myself.

Great food!
Their catering is awesome.
They will make your party or meeting unforgettable.

The cafe definitely has an interesting concept of ordering and paying first.
Which I thought was a great idea.
It was awesome to also know the nutrition facts of what you ate and have healthy alternatives.
However when I got my apple chicken sausage Paganini (thin choice) It was definitely not as big as the pictures made it seem.
It was a good thing I added a bowl of fruit, which was nice but was definitely not fresh.
Overall it was very reasonable priced and the food was average.
The staff was great though 4 stars on their behalf.

Another Gourmet sandwich shop on par with Paradise bakery (or Panera Bread for you those of you not from the valley).
The food is quality, the prices aren't outrageously high, but there's nothing special about the place that makes me need to run back.
I stopped in before a spring training game across the street at the Peoria Sports Complex.
Had ham on a pretzel role.
The havarti cheese was unexpected delight from the traditional cheeses you get at most sandwich joints, but the salt on the pretzel role was awful.
While I understand that people like their pretzels salted, I didn't need all that.
After scrapping it off, I enjoyed my sandwich.
The small bag of chips are a welcomed, but unnecessary compliment to the meal.
Corner Bakery offers up a nice selection of soups, salads, sandwiches and baked goods.
It's worth checking out if you're in near one.
But its definitely not worth going out of the way for.

I found this place while educating said "man-friend" on the joys of using the yelp phone app instead of dining at IHOP or Denny's.
I really liked the in and out feel.
Order at the front take a number food appears.
I like it.
The coffee was actually really good too.
The food was so/so.
I really did enjoy the atmosphere.
Interesting layout and decor.
We will be back I'm sure.

Hot food and quick service.
Just need to check your coffee levels better when it slows down.
Thanks for a nice morning.
American Scramble was perfect and hit the spot and was only about $6.99 or so.

Ah easily one of my favorite places to dine out!
My husband and I eat here at least twice a month and love going for breakfast and lunch!!
Delicious oatmeal, sandwiches, and chocolate bunt cakes keep me coming back!

Tried Corner Bakery for the first time after a spring training game a couple months ago and have been coming back ever since.
Its very casual, order at the counter, grab your own drinks, and your food is brought to you in a timely manner.
I have been rotating between the salad trio, and the tuna salad sandwich, which are both excellent options!

Soooo good!
I have been a frequent diner of this location for nearly a year now and I am just now getting around to reviewing... what's wrong with me?!
I've only had their breakfast scramblers a couple of times - which were very yummy.
But I have to spotlight their sandwiches.
My faves are the tomato mozzarella and dc chicken sandwich... however, now they have a new sandwich called the BBLT that has 6 strips of bacon!
Come on!
Who doesn't like bacon?!
;-) Their Caesar salad is really good too and I usually substitute the salad in lieu of their kettle chips with my sandwich.
Whoopie pies are amazing (BRING BACK THE RED VELVET WHOOPIE PIES PLEASE!!
) The chocolate one I had today was good but I love love love the red velvet.
Staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.
Manager is usually in sight and making rounds at the tables - good to see managers that care about customer experience.
I like the casual relaxing environment - to me it kinda has this small town feel like the quaint cafes appearing in movies tend to portray.
My husband and I are big fans and loyal customers!

Sigh, I eating a meal and then thinking to myself why do I have to pay for this crap.
I could've done it better in my own kitchen.
I had a 1/2 Chicken Pomodori Panini with a side salad, a tea, and a pecan cinnamon rugelach.
Sandwich had roasted chicken that was rubbery and the bread didn't taste like anything.
Side salad, tomatoes way too ripe, should have been thrown out not served and croutons were soggy.
The tea was thick tasting, like there was too much tea and not enough water.
The rugelach was actually decent, crispy and sweet.
And it's a BIG downer when you see an employee walk over to the food station, grab a pickle with his bare hands and start crunching away on it.
This place was an overall disappointment.
I have eaten here before, so I should have known better.

Oh how I've missed you Anaheim scramble!
I haven't been here early enough lately to be hungry for breakfast.
Anyone who knows me, knows that if its past 9am I'm already hungry for lunch items.
So, today after I dropped my daughter off at school my truck seemed to switch to auto-pilot and drove me here.... my stomach agreed!
I just can't resist avocado, bacon and cheddar cheese in my scrambled eggs.
I tell myself every time on my way here that I'm gonna try the berry almond oatmeal and then I open the front door and I'm hit with the most heavenly scent - yes folks ... bacon.
Yummy, crispy, thick, bacon.
(See my prior review of their BBLT - LOVE IT!
)   Iced tea lovers: try the black currant iced tea.
Mmmmm.
Delish even without sweeteners.
(But I'm secretly hoping they'll start serving passion fruit tea as well someday) Hey, I can dream right?
Not only does this place serve great food, I really love the relaxed atmosphere.
Wish there was a corner bakery in Surprise.
Boy, I just want to have my cake and eat it too don't I!

Right what I wanted when I needed it.
My father has been very sick for the last two months and I stayed in the La Quinta Inn several times over that period which happens to be across the street from the Corner Bakery.
Every morning I would get a double shot latte with a breakfast to go.
Perfect latte every time.
The girls were really nice and the service was fast and good.
I tried all of their oatmeal breakfast bowls and an egg sandwich.
Everything was tasty and healthy.
A welcome stop every morning.
Thank you!

UPSIDES:  Good location, cute decor, soft jazz music, friendly service, wifi, really yummy cheddar broccoli soup (only served Sun.
thru Tues.), a good cup of Chai tea for only $2.50  DOWNSIDES: Small portions, by the time you order enough food it gets pricey, could get really crowded if you're there at the wrong time, just okay egg salad, which is made entirely of eggs and not with lettuce like I was thinking, the cute Italian breadsticks are flavorless (have they not heard of garlic?

I actually really like Corner Bakery Cafe!
The only downside is that it is pretty expensive for what I like to order.
I usually can't help getting both the Pesto Cavatappi and the Reuben Panini, because they both are so good.
I prefer this to Paradise Bakery.
I think the food is better and I like the atmosphere here a lot more too.
Its a very calm and cozy place to enjoy a nice meal.

I recently went to this location and enjoyed a great breakfast.
Unfortunately, shortly there after mystery charges started appearing on my debit card.
It is the only place I utilized my debit card recently, so I am positive it was them.
Thank god the bank straightened it all out and I got my money back, but I will never eat here again.

So the question is; will you miss the chocolate chip cookie?
We've lived in other places and have really missed the Corner Bakery chain until we found one here.
Au Bon Pain is a close second in our book (east of the Mississippi).
But my question above is in reference to Paradise Bakery.
If Paradise didn't give out those cookies,would we still like them as much?
I think not.
The Corner Bakery gives good value for the money and I really believe they are more generous with the meat on their sandwiches.
CB excel at soups and salads, with interesting takes on some classics.
Our favorites soups are their Zesty Chicken Tortilla Soup, Roasted Tomato Basil and Mom's Chicken Noodle.
We also like their Southwest Avocado salad, Asian Edamame salad, and the Cavatappi Pasta salad.
Corner Bakery also gives you some of their home made potato chips with your meal, which you might grow to like over a certain chocolate chip cookie.
LOL  Expect to pay around $8 or so for lunch, with a drink.
Enjoy!

This place is awesome.
Great good.
Staff is terrific.
Great spot for a lunch or dinner date.

Nice place with a lot of choices and good quality food.
I usually go here for breakfast and love their panini sandwiches.
Good food, just a little expensive and a little boring inside.
I would give CBC 3 1/2 stars because I like it more than 3stars but not worth 4.
Main reason is there is a lot of competition between bakery cages in the area.
Paradise is down the street and Wildflower is opening up soon.
Hopefully more more competition the bakery cafes will try harder to be better!
Overall good solid sport for breakfast and lunch.

This is a solid lunch choice.
I prefer it to the other area bakery type lunch places.
I was in last week and had the chopped salad and a cup of chili.
Both were excellent but the salad was top notch.
The friendly staff keep the tables bussed and clean.
The hazelnut coffee here is very good too.

Stopped in for breakfast.
Staff was friendly.
Took a little longer than expected to get our American scrambles.
When we started eating we found the food to be cold.
The eggs weren't just cold they tasted as if they had been refrigerated and not warmed up enough.
Wouldn't have even gone if we had known the food was all made beforehand.

Good friend and I swung into cute cafe, which was totally unfamiliar to me.
Initial reaction is that their marketing did a great job.
The second reaction is that the kitchen needs to stretch a bit.
Reuben is average size but deserves a rye bread, not sweet raisin rye.
Thousand island dressing was appreciated.
My friend ordered two scrambled eggs; they were served dry and cold.
Toast unremarkable.
I did grab the nicely prepackaged sweet crisps for home munching.
Pretty expensive indulgence.

The food is decent but I always turn into a fat kid and order too much.
Like 2 drinks, a sammy, a soup and two desserts, too much.
Then, by the time I get everything, I have a few bites and  am full.
BAH!!!!!!!
Nothing really tastes great re-heated, AND I DETEST going on Sundays because every family has brunch and there is NO parking.
I had to watch a woman in a walker shuffle from parking around the corner to the door, with help from her husband, because all of the handicapped spots were used and the place was PACKED.
I enjoy it, every time I go, but I am avoiding Sundays from now on.

Went for breakfast to try for the first time.
Ordered the baked French toast.
Eggs were over cooked, bacon was cold and French toast was more like a bread pudding.

This is a great place for a fun meal!
We love to eat outside.
The panini's and salads are fantastic and the pastas are very good too We've eaten here a few times.
The first time, 4 months ago, we weren't very impressed but the last few times, the food has been fantastic and the service is much approved!
Can't wait to go back!

First time here.
The place was clean and cozy.
We decided to split the Turkey Pretzel sandwich as neither of us were real hungry.
When we got up to the counter to order I saw they had whoppie pies.
Well, I have never had one before so we bought 1 and shared that too.
The sandwich was real good and I really liked the pretzel bread.
The manager came over to see how our meal was and even chatted with us for a bit.
There isn't one near us here in Mesa, but if we are on the west side again we would defiantly go back.

I enjoy meeting friends & family at here, it's good food & comfortable.
It's a little pricy but overall good

We've eaten here frequently but have cut back due to poor service and high prices, compared to other bakery cafe's in the area.
Paradise and Wildflower are both within a mile or two (Arrowhead locations), and offer more choices.
Recently, when presented with a problem, manager on duty expressed no desire to resolve.

I am backlogged on review writing so many will be out of order.
I have been to Phoenix 3x's this year already and will be going another 2 times before years end.
This past April, when I was in town I met my mom and an old co-worker of hers that I hadn't seen since my baby shower almost 17 years ago now.
I had never been to a CB before and since Wildflower hadn't opened yet and Paradise (aka-more options Panera) had already been tried, I was excited to see what this place was about.
Like Panera, it is an order at the counter and they bring you your food.
They have tons of options for breakfast, lunches and dinners from sandwiches, baked goods and salads.
Since I arrived late my mom and her friend Bev were already mid-way through their lunches (this wasn't a planned meeting).
I ordered the smaller portion of the Asian Edamame salad adding avocado and water.
The young man taking my order was seriously one of the sweetest "kids" I have encountered in a very long time.
He explained menu options, we talked about how hard it was working so close to Sun City dealing with all the personality types and so on.
They do not have tip jars but he was so sweet that I inquired if they were allowed to take tips.
He looked at me as if I was speaking a foreign language.
I tipped him and he came from around the corner and gave me a hug.
I joined my mom and Bev at the table and the "kid" brought me a piece of cake (not ordered) along with my salad.
So sweet.
My salad was pretty tasty-the dressing was a bit spicy but tolerable and I liked the food options much better than expected.
When we were all done, I gave Bev a hug, and told my mom I was going to get more water to go.
The "kid" was on his break having lunch with his GF who then introduced me to her and gave me yet another hug to say thank you.
I have never been thanked so much for a $5.00 tip-and it just went to show me how much a little niceness and appreciation can mean to another person.
Since this time a I noticed a CB opened locally (review to come) and definitely would go to this location again when in town (after I fulfill my Wildflower Bread Company craving).

If you like paraside bakery Do not come here!!
Soup isnt good .
Salad is so gross!
Chicken looks like its plastic rubber!!
Customer service isnt bad but i would never ever reccomend this!!!!!!!!

The food was not good.
The booths and tables were not clean.
(We went at 6am.
) The staff was not friendly and they were sitting down eating breakfast and drinking their iced coffee like it was a social club not work.

This place was just okay.
I got a peppermint mocha and it was watery.
However, my panini was very good.
My Grandma got a cinnamon roll and she seemed a little disappointed because it didn't seem "fresh" (and we got there pretty early in the AM).
Their servers though were SO kind.
We got a few free samples from the bakery.
So there were some highs and lows to our visit.

The food was good, and they had a Friendly staff.
I tried their Panini's sandwiches and salads, I was expecting something different, but it was good n delicious enough for the price...I'm definitely going back.

Corner Bakery has become our favorite restaurant since moving to the area.
My wife and I have explored most of the menu and we have loved everything that we have tried.
The breakfasts, the paninis, and the pastas are all wonderful.
The black currant tea alone is worth the trip.

Hubby and I have been going here for over a year and I have never done a review... Don't know why because this place is great!!!
You have a choice of coffees, which I like,  cause i enjoy a robust bold coffee, which they offer.
Breakfast has always been hot, ample and delicious.
I love their paninis...
They will grill on any bread, not just the way the sandwich is posted.
Their soups are hot and wonderful, and those salads.
amazing!!!
I have a fetish for lemon bars and what they bake fresh here are sooo yummy, along with the Lemon Pound Cake.
.. heaven in a bite!!!
Great place to enjoy great food,  in a warm,  inviting atmosphere.
.. Go, you'll love it

We stayed at the Sheraton for three nights right across the street from the Arizona center, while attending a business conference.
We arrived in Phoenix after a 4 hour drive from the Grand Canyon, and fighting through rush hour traffic to get to our hotel, and were hungry and wanted something fast and filling to eat.
Walked across the street, and entered the mall, and there was the Corner Bakery Cafe.
The place looked clean, was relatively quiet, and not too busy, so in we went.
I ordered the $8 linguine with meatballs special, while my wife ordered the $8.50 Asian wonton salad.
The linguine was actually thick egg noodles, with marinara sauce, and two huge meatballs.
The meatballs were the size of billiard balls, if not tennis balls.
I kid you not -these were the biggest meatballs I have ever seen!.
Unfortunately I was so hungry I ate a huge portion of the dish before I could take a picture of it.
The wonton salad came in a huge bowl, and could have fed four people.
It had crispy wontons in a soy dressing, with good portions of chicken and other vegetables mixed in with the salad.
Total for the meal was $16.48 before tip and tax.
We came back for two breakfasts.
I had the $7 Anaheim scrambler for one meal, which was scrambled eggs with bacon, tomatoes, onion, cheese, and avocado.
The next day I had the $7 all American scrambler of scrambled eggs with sausage, toast, and potatoes.
My wife had the $4.30 oatmeal for one meal, and the $5.78 Anaheim Panini, with eggs, bacon, green onions, avocado, and cheese on a sourdough, with a side of fruit medley.
We will be back to the Corner Bakery Cafe when we come back to Phoenix.

This was exactly how 3 stars are described "A-OK"  My mom really wanted a salad so we figured we would try this place out.
It was very Panera/Paradise Bakery-esque.
Soups, sandwiches, salads.
You order at the counter & they bring out your food.
I ordered the macaroni & cheese & half of a turkey panini that came with bacon, I asked for no bacon but I should've asked them to sub extra turkey INSTEAD of the bacon.
Lesson learned.
Food came out quickly & I immediately had to giggle at my sandwich.
It was literally the tinniest thinnest piece of turkey with tons of cheese.
So I guess you could say it was a grilled cheese with a little turkey o_O  Anyways, the macaroni was really tasty & the sandwich was just okay.
My mom loved her salad & their teas were delicious!
I noticed they are open for breakfast so we may try it again, next time I will be sure to ask for extra meat if I get a sandwich.

Great location, amazing customer service!
...unfortunately the food is below average and tasteless!
I love Paradise Bakery and hoped to find something similar in the area...I was very disappointed.

