Best coffee in Edinburgh by a long way served in a cosy, informal setting.
They do their own roasting in-house which is a real treat for the senses if you time your visit right.
Also sell several varieties of beans for you to take home.

This tiny place is all about the coffee and I've never found another place to come near it.
They take incredible care over the beans, purchasing and roasting them in-house and getting them just right.
They also have baristas who know what they're about, and who genuinely love what they're doing.
There is nothing pretentious or upscale here, just a sincere (and astonishingly good) boho-style cafe.
They also do nice tea and boo-ya hot chocolate (the cocoa courtesy of the almost equally awesome Coco of Bruntsfield across town).
In fair candor, I'll ding them a tiny bit for not having wi-fi (de rigeur these days, IMO), and for having a rather narrow range of tasty things to go with.
But even that leaves them comfortably in 5-star territory.
Fun trivia note: Artisan Roast supplies their beans to a number of local businesses, including the much larger Beanscene chain, and one of their guys also trains Beanscene's baristas.

I rarely drink coffee but every once in awhile I need a pick-me-up so I'll treat myself to an espresso or a cappuccino...
This place is so wonderfully comfortable and cozy that I spent a good three or four hours reading ("The Book of Eulogies"), relaxing, and casually gradually getting to know my new friend who introduced me to this lovely little place (he's a caffiene junkie).

Without a shadow of a doubt, Artisan Roast 'do' the best coffee in Edinburgh.
They take coffee seriously by not only making and serving it, but roasting their own beans too.
The website keeps punters up to date with what beans they're currently roasting, so you know what's fresh and in stock.
The shop itself is very small with only a few stools to perch upon , however there is a Morroccan inspired chilled out room at the back 'the mooch' where you're welcome to get comfy and enjoy the caffeine based delights.
Although the main menu item is coffee, they also do amazing hot chocolate supplied by Coco of Bruntsfield which comes in a variety of flavours (try the Aztec one for a chocolate chilli kick!).
The staff here are really knowledgeable and friendly, they manage to know practically all there is to know about coffee without being at all pretentious.
If you're a caffeine addict, this is where you should be coming for your fix!

Hanging cafetieres as lights, cushions made of coffee bean sacks and a humorously named 'Mooch' and 'Roasting Den' as the venue for such quirky features, The Artisan Roast certainly looks like a coffee enthusiast's heaven.
But where the Artisan Roast keeps its main foothold is the coffee.
The skilled baristas will give you a worthy demonstration in how to make a cup of the delicious brown stuff.
There's a range of daily roasts on offer with detailed descriptions too, and if served within a cafetiere they go to the lengths of supplying an hourglass to ensure you plunge the filter at the right time!
Excellent stuff.
I ordered the Ampola, of which was a delicate feast of nutty, rich flavours.
An absolute must for the coffee lover.

I've wanted to come in here for ages, but I think I'm always around Broughton Street at the wrong time of day to catch it during opening hours.
Basically, what I mean is, I know Broughton Street better by night and use it for its alcoholic offerings more often that not, rather than its fine coffee.
So I finally made it here one Sunday, as I'd heard the coffee was very specialist and carefully picked and fantastic.
There are two areas you can sit down in, one being the small front section that faces out onto Broughton Street, and the bit where the coffee barista person makes the coffee in this little space that joins up with the main café.
It doesn't have that usual separation and boundary between customers and employees, it's all open and you're all in each other's space, but I think that gives Artisan Roast that nice, chilled vibe where you feel like you're drinking coffee at a friend's house.
You can also go and sit in a section called The Mooch at the back, which has some hanging cafetiere décor going on and coffee sacks on the walls.
It's set up in quite a communal way, so that I reckon if it got quite busy and you were in a friendly mood you'd probably end up chatting to the person next to you, as you're pretty much slouching around in comfy seating in what feels like someone's living room.
Anyway, the coffee definitely was fantastic.
I had two Americanos, which I drank far too quickly, so I then spoke to the friendly coffee dude who recommended some coffee beans for me to take away.
He definitely knew what he was talking about, which was reassuring.
The coffee beans are roasted on site, so if you're a coffee drinker of any dedication level, I would make the effort to get in here and buy a bag of beans to take home and sample.

The Artisan Roast is definitely the place to come if you're a serious coffee drinker.
The aroma that hits you as soon as you walk in just about gives you a day's caffeine fix.
Further, the environment is totally unpretentious and feels genuinely laid back, giving a really enjoyable experience.
They're all about sourcing their coffee beans ethically and giving autonomy to the individuals who produce them as well as giving a reasonable price to the customer in the shop.
I had a cafe latte and, although I don't drink coffee all that often, it was delicious, rich and creamy.
I also saw a tempting selection of cakes which looked well-priced and tasty.
The srvice is pleasant and quick, but the clinching factor for me is the chilled out mood which takes over as soon as you walk in.

Any coffee shop can copy the decor in Artisan Roast.
The Morrocan-ish, coffee bean inspired, hippy loving chill out areas in here arent what people come in here for, if the truth be told.
Yes, its cool, and welcoming all of the time - but really, there is something way better once you look past the decor.
Artisan Roast has a unique selling point - not only does it make and serve some of the best coffee in town, they also create thier own coffee's by roasting the beans themselves.
The result is a smooth but increadibly tasty coffee that you literally wont find anywhere else.
A real treat for coffee enthusiasts everywhere.

I never knew I was into coffee, until I tasted a cup from here.
Wow.
It's a victim of its own success for me though, once I've had a cup I don't want anything else.
The atmosphere is really relaxed and really comfortable.
Although there aren't many places to sit, it's nice to just walk around and chill out.
It's definitely worth a look.

Much as I like to think of myself as a coffee aficionado, I'm really just a coffee enthusiast (snob).
That's why I go to Artisan Roast.
Run by a bunch of baristas who really are coffee aficionados, they'll talk you through what you're drinking, tell you why it tastes as good as it does and give you advice on what coffee you should buy (Frankly, you should stick with the stuff they roast on site, it's incredible).
Alternatively, if you don't want the conversation they'll make you the best coffee you've ever tasted (probably).
Order your chosen beverage and take a seat in the 'mooch', cutely decorated with cafetiere lights and hessian sack cushions.
I recommend a flat white, but if you want something different the Ampola is delicious and nutty., with hints of chocolate.
If coffee's not your thing they do a few teas and a fantastic lemon-grass and white chocolate drink which they get from the fabulous Coco in Brunstfield.
If coffee is your thing (and it will be once you've been), look no further.

Located in the bargain bucket Notting Hill of Broughton Street, Artisan Roast is one of the standouts.
It doesn't look it at first, with the overdone and outdated Arabic / Moroccan theme failing to score any charm points, but the standard of coffee really is second to none.
A decent cappuccino is practically impossible to find in the UK.
The froth at the top and the coffee below never seem to come together properly, resulting in one or two passable mouthfuls before it descends into little more than an over-milky tasteless mess, with a pile of froth (the best part) stuck at the bottom when you've finished.
That's not the case here, not by a long shot.
Till the very last sip, their cappuccino is a creamy, fuzzy concoction of caffeine-laden perfection, and worth far more than the reasonable asking price.
I've never actually tried anything else in here, but that's worth five stars alone.

Mmmmmmm......  A fabulous coffee shop and roastery on Broughton Street, Artisan Roast is so inviting that I could probably spend a whole afternoon there, tucked up in a corner with a new book and stream of flat whites.
The roastery room with the long wooden counter, bags of beans and daintily stacked pastries reminds me of Monmouth Coffee whilst the back room is like a crash pad with lots of low seating and stacks of cushions.
As for the coffee, you're guaranteed a good cup when all the beans are roasted on site by passionate and thirsty baristas.
I've had great  cappuccinos and espressos but usually opt for a flat white or americano with a splash of hot milk.

I just wish I liked coffee so I could appreciate the cuppa's here that all the other reviewers have been raving about.
It would just be wasted on me though, as after a couple of sips I feel tipsy and start babbling on and on as if I've just knocked back about 10 vodka cokes.
I don't know what it is, I just can't handle coffee, you can't take me anywhere, really.
Seeing as Artisan Roast really is about the coffees it feels as though I'm not experiencing at it's best.
I did, however, appreciate the great cup of tea that I went for, but I really felt like I should got a coffee.
I can't remember the name of the coffee that my friend opted for but it had a chai taste through it and she is always banging on about how good it was.
The decor is great, really chilled out, it feels like you're in someone's funky living room.
The staff are so friendly here and unlike some other coffee shops, you never feel under any pressure to leave as soon as you've drank your beverage or feel obliged to buy 10 more cups just for the sake of it.

Coffee never tasted so good.
As the name implies, these guys know their coffee but the cafe lacks the pretence or pomp might expect from such coffee-bean-brewers and java veterans.
Instead, the regular baristas are friendly, chilled and match the vibe of the shop - slightly bohemian, home-made and comfy.
There's a quirky wee room up the back that has an open-planned seated area.
You can't take your own table and turn your back on your fellow java-drinkers.
Instead, you share four coffee tables with whoever might be sitting next to you.
When I wandered in, the barrister greeted me with a "heeeeeyy, how's it going guys?
What can I get you?
" We asked what he'd recommend after a big meal, and he suggested a Guatemalan if you wanted with milk, or a Himalayan for without.
We went for one cafetiere of each, and took our seats in the coffee den up the back.
The coffee is just plain wonderful.
They roast all the beans themselves, and are testing new blends all the time (I'm a fan on Facebook, they let us know what they're brewing up next).
So, suffice to say, if you want good coffee this should be your number one pit stop, hands down.
On a previous visit, when I hadn't just eaten a 2-course meal, I also had one of their brownies with an iced tea.
Ah-may-zing.
I was told by the barrister they were delicious, and he was right.
Home-made, fudgey, perfect with the coffee.
The seats aren't the comfiest, so for anyone with sore backs or wanting to curl up in a leather-arm chair and spend an hour or so reading a book, maybe go for take-away and head home.
But Artisan Roast isn't trying to imitate Starbucks or Beascene and doesn't need the comfy chairs (it isn't the Spanish Inquisition either).
Good coffee, friendly and genuine staff, wonderfully quirky and bohemian decor (check out the upside down tea cup light shades, or the vintage  frame around the fuse box) keeps this place a steady stream of slightly jittery customers.
Whilst it might have a bohemian, student vibe due to the decor and distinctly beardy barrister, in the time I was there a few business men came and went for an espresso.
Even if it's not your "scene", if you're a true coffee drinker then hit this place up.

If for no other reason, visit Artisan Roast for what will be the best espresso you can experience in Edinburgh.
We went to a few different cafés in Edinburgh because my partner has an obsession with coffee that borders on batshit crazy, and the quality of espresso here fully justifies walking a town in all directions for coffee.
Find seating in the front of the café if you are of the tall persuasion.
As I do so often love to paint with broad strokes, methinks Scottish folks are, by nature, dwarfs, as evidenced by the extremely tight spacing for bench seating in the rear drawing room.

Spot on, the best coffee in Edinburgh...great ambience and friendly staff greet you as soon as you walk in.

My love affair with coffee is rocky.
If I am honest, tea is my normal preference, but if you give me a good coffee, then the thought of the leaf goes out the window.
It rarely happens though.
But there is something about the whole process of making coffee that doesn't exist so much in the tea world.
The grinding of the coffee in the first place, bringing forth the aroma of roasted beans.
The brewing of the coffee (Is it called brewing?
Answers on a post card please).
The presentation in broad bowl cups, no matter what size of coffee you drink.
I had the opportunity to attend a private event at Artisan Roast last night - what a fantastic experience!
I learned what a flat white was - and understand now why people rave about this particular type of coffee.
The owner and staff are all passionate about coffee - the words coffee porn were bandied around at one point and you know it was meant whole heartedly.
And you can't argue, when you are given a coffee with a beautiful piece of art on top (including playboy bunnies) with beautifully creamy milk poured through thick, rich espresso.
It sets a standard that the fast food megabrands of the coffee world can't hope to beat.
It reminds you why people get so passionate about this drink, when it is fully realised and at it's best.
Thanks Artisan Roast, for reminding me why I have a love of coffee.

Locally roasted awesome coffee.
They care about coffee here, have awesome equipment (Mirage Veloce pull) and skills to match.

Artisan Roast is without question the "founding father" of good coffee in Edinburgh.
Here, they know their beans; they know - inside out - the intricacies of the right grind, the right tamp, the perfect pour and how to get the milk just right.
And thats not just for espressos -- if filter coffee is more your thing, then you're in for a taste sensation here.
Artisan Roast is passionate about coffee, (but not snobby!
) and it shows.
My coffee was delicious.
The place has real ambience... and "The Mooch", out the back is a cosy place to spend an afternoon.
If you love coffee, this is the place to go.
If you're not the biggest fan, this is definitely the right place to go to try it again.... you may be surprised at how different, and how gooood, the coffee is when it is made by passionate individuals who really know their stuff.
Being a barista is a career choice for these guys... not something they're doing to bide their time.
If you need further proof of excellence, Megan, one of the Baristas was a semi-finalist in the 2011 UK Barista Championship.

Is this the best coffee in Edinburgh?
I'll tell u when I've tried the rest.
What it most certainly is though, is an eye opener to coffee drinking.
Drinking coffee will never be the same again for me.
If you care to chat with the baristas - unsure if their exuberance is down to their enthusiasm for good coffee or the amount of caffeine coursing through their veins, due to regular caffeine shots they indulge to ensure all is well with the coffee - you will quickly find out an excellent cup of coffee is not excellent by some form of simple fortune, it is in fact a product of meticulous detail.
An enormous amount of time has been spent detailing a process to ensure the optimal beverage.
These guys are the sommeliers of coffee, I would suggest you try it for yourself and find out.

Only been once ... for a gig by the brilliant Little Comets ... but could really see what others see in this place.
Would definitely go again.

Darling place on a darling street.
Works as a to-go place or as a sit around and catch up with a friend place.
The kind of place that makes you realize what a good coffee is supposed to taste like!
(how easy it is to forget!).
A few seats outside for a sunny day.

I haven't had a coffee here but popped in to buy some beans for the machine at home.
I'm just starting out with a table top frothy thing and the man in the apron gave me amazing advice - not just about what roast to buy but on how to get the best out of the machine.

The BEST coffee in Edinburgh.
Bar none.
Go and try it, just go!
And, they are supplying a host of other independent cafes in Edinburgh and beyond too, and training the staff there, so you can get an Artisan Roast even if you are not on Broughton Street.
Look out for cafes advertising their beans.
Happy days.

Best coffee in town.
The seriously make it with love.
Not the best pastries but still nice to eat.
Cool relaxed funk vibe.
Interesting moustaches on the guys too.

Really good coffee, the best I had in Scotland.
The interior is cool, unlike any coffeehouse I've been to.

This is such a nice cozy place with sofas, view of the garden, relaxed atmosphere and great coffee.
If you want to forget about everything and just chat with your friends and enjoy what is arguably the best coffee in Edinburgh, visit Artisan Roast.

As I had one of my best friends, and fellow coffee enthusiast coming to visit me in my lovely new 'home' I decided it was of the upmost importance that I find somewhere that has truly tasty coffee to take her to, in the hope it will convince her to come back to visit often.
Having heard of Artisan Roast I had a little look on the internet and decided it was the chosen one.
So we headed there on a Saturday afternoon, and it was fairly quiet.
She ordered her Macchiato, and I saw a lovely looking home made carrot cake, so I ordered a slice, and a cappuccino.
I find that way of ordering/paying a little confusing, but we took a seat in the comfy seating out the back - using cafetieres for lights - i LOVED the idea!
So once our coffees arrived, my honest first impression of my double shot cappuccino - that is awfully small!
But....... it is not all about quantity.
I expected it to be good, but it surpassed what I had imagined, just the right balance of coffee and milk, and no silly chocolate on the top, they totally let the coffee do the talking, and I loved it.
And the obligatory cake -  delicious, moist and the cream cheese topping was just sweet enough.
Love this place, and the little plaque on the wall as you leave - JK Rowling did not write here.
Brilliant.

Coffee bean sacks on the walls and they even have pillows made out of them, these guys are serious about their coffee it seems.
And so they bloody should be, all these watered down 'Grande' sized cups that chains pump out, it's nice to see an Americano served that isn't a mile high.
There isn't actually a counter top in this narrow converted terrace, just a nice big coffee machine on the side that takes the brunt of the business.
Big black chalk boards listing prices but also a nice section explaining what the coffees are and how they are made (the difference between a 'long black' and an 'americano' for example).
The 'Mooch' out the back is the cosy sitting area that is just that, cosy, a little low on space but as the benches are mainly all around the sides, it looks a little like a Morrocan smoking den, which is not necessarily a bad thing.
The coffee was lovely, was going to get a second but realised I had already drunk a double shot and didn't fancy wandering the streets of Edinburgh looking like a jacked up coke-head high on the caffeine, so quietly tucked into my pain au chocolat served on a rather sweet granny type porcelaine plate instead.

As the other reviews show, no one in town questions whether Artisan Roast makes the best coffee in Edinburgh; if you like coffee and want the best, go there.
Their coffee is equal to if not better than that available from any coffee scene in the world, from Seattle to Sydney.
And I use the word "scene" advisedly.
As amazing as the coffee is, this place is something of a "scene".
I had to knock a star off because the ordering experience is so annoying.
There's no counter and no clear place to stand or anyone to give your order to.
You come through the door and you're standing in an open room with no indication of how or where to order or who even works there.
Instead you spy an array of bedraggled hipsters languishing in varying shades of befuddlement.
Once you've been there a few times you'll know which ones actually work there, so you place your order and once the magical coffee arrives you forget how irritating it is.
The staff are nice and helpful, but I really wish they would sort this out as I hate standing about awkwardly, especially when it's busy and no one knows who's next or what to do.
But I keep going back because no one but no one makes coffee like they do.

Well considering the last million reviews have been 5 star reviews - I suppose I'm not the only one to discover this amazing place!
The coffee is sooo delicious.
The hubs and I went here on one of our first weeks here.
Our friend knew about it so we wandered around and found it again as it can be tucked away if you don't know what you're looking for.
We managed to spend a good 3 hours at least just sitting and chatting in its quaint and cozy little living room in the back.
I feel like there should be different names for coffee shops - that sell delicious coffee such as this fine establishment and then shops that sell grade B coffee where you can hang out all day in to study or do homework on your laptop.
This is the perfect coffee shop in the sense that it allows you to feel all comfy inside and you don't feel like you ever want to come around and just grab a coffee to go and ditch the place.
In fact, a to go coffee here should be illegal.
The end.
And no, you can't come here to do homework on your laptop but, please, bring a novel if you're coming by yourself.
Maybe a warm blanket, some slippers.
Okay no?
Maybe Artisan Roast doesn't want me advertising that you can come live in their living room.
Anyway, the staff is super friendly - so friendly, in fact, if you check out their website there is a pic of an awesome staff member with a super rad mustache.
Then there is also an equally amazing picture off a staff member naked.
Mhm, naked with a steaming pot.
Yes, go, look now.
I'll wait.
See?
Awesome right?!
I also loved the food.
I had a croissant while my friend had a brownie-delicious-fudge-square-thingy.
Both were delicious!
Wish this place was a wee bit closer to my flat as I would go here everyday, but, alas, I suppose it must be for special occasions :)

After many months of being told that I simply had to, had to go and get my coffee at Artisan Roast, I finally ended up here.
And HOT DAYUMN, that is me some good coffee!
Look, I'm a self-professed coffee snob and I've been known to send back a coffee if it simply wasn't good enough.
But this macchiato, it had me in tears, it was so dark and strong and sexy, I wanted to cuddle with it.
And judging by the clientele, that would've been entirely acceptable.
I've got nothing but good things to say about their coffee, the machine is cleaned regularly (yes, you can taste the difference, if it's a metallic taste, it's no good!
) and the crema was perfect.
(Meaning that the pressure and the roast of the beans were exquisite as well.
)  Funniest thing, as our second round of lattes arrived at the table, me and my friend both were staring at them for a good five minutes, mesmerised.
Just because they were so ... strangely beautiful.
(Remember that plastic bag in American Beauty ....?
)  Now for the venue, I would like a wee bit more effort put into the decor.
It's not that I don't like it, it's just, a little bit more effort would go a long way.
By that I mean, can I get some comfy seating up in here!
I agree with Jenny as far as the seats go, I'm a cushy-plushy-seat-lover myself, (preferably with a bag of cookies and a good book) so I did start to feel my back after a while, but  to be fair, I hung around for a good three hours.
Oh and open up a shop three times as big please, thank you, and I'd never leave.
Has anyone noticed by the way, that the hipsters are multiplying?
One of the befuddled hipsters (spot on there Jason M.) had a most extraordinary moustache going on.
'T was grand (and curly).
I'll always have feelings for you Artisan Roast, promise, always.
I might not always be faithful to you, but you sure as hell brought sexy back.

I'm always on the lookout for good coffee.
It's in my genes.
My parents have sold coffee since before I was born, and they love to tell stories about how I would eat the coffee beans off the floor when I was young.
In 1990, when I was barely 14, my dad taught me how to make espresso drinks, and to this date people still tell him that they preferred my mochas to his.
Any time I go to a new place, I think to myself, "I hope I can find some good coffee".
It's a sickness I know, but I can only handle so much of the mediocrity that is Starbucks, Costa, and Nero.
Thank goodness Edinburgh has Artisan Roast.
I came in here early on a Saturday morning after leaving the other half sleeping in bed.
It's his thing.
He likes to sleep.
I can only handle so much sleep.
Since we were here meeting up with people for a Stag Do, I knew my only chance to see anything that didn't involve drinking was in the morning.
I looked at the sprawling board, and ordered a double cappuccino.
My espresso drinking habits have moved significantly down the milk scale, and I'm still flabbergasted when people order Venti lattes at Starbucks.
Who can really drink all that milk?
My cappuccino came to my table, and it was perfectly sized.
I then noticed they did do filter coffee.
Before, I noticed the flat black and flat white, and when it comes to non-milk coffee drinks, I do prefer filter.
Oh well, I sat back to enjoy the cappuccino anyway.
It was heavenly.
Slightly sweet, slightly bitter, full of flavor.
Plus the foam was very well done, with a couple of hearts decorated on top as the Baristas today seem to like to do.
The woman working was quite friendly, and we chatted about a few things.
I also noticed they have a wide range of interestingly flavored hot chocolates which I asked about, and she mentioned they came from Coco Chocolates just two doors down.
Before leaving, I asked about the coffee beans they sold.
I wanted to take some home to try it in my French Press, and unfortunately, they were out Sumatra (which is by far my favorite region that grows coffee).
She did mention the espresso blend was 70% Sumatran, but I took her suggestion and ordered the Bolivian coffee to take home.
She warned me that none of their filter coffees were that good with milk, which is fine by me as I don't use it.
This morning was the first opportunity I had to make the coffee, and I am pleased with the recommendation.
The coffee is absolutely marvelous.
I can definitely recommend this place to any one who is on the lookout for delicious coffee in Edinburgh.
Apparently they also have a coffee van (and a VW nonetheless) at the Sunday market.
I don't think I'd ever go anywhere else for coffee if I lived nearby.

Good java, but there's a strange ambiance sitting in the back.
Also, it's weird there's no counter.
There, I said it!

Yes I am a fan!
The staff seem to be very involved and enthusiastic about the coffee they make.
I always take friends there oh and my mum who thinks she's a coffee connoisseur!
I go for the amazing smells, quirky decor and out this world cake!
I recommend a visit!

I am always looking for good coffee - often it is difficult to find and Edinburgh is not a great place for good coffee but Artisan Roast is one of the places that can actually deliver a good cup of filter coffee.
There a few other places in town that can deliver a good espresso or flat white but when it comes to a good cup of filter coffee Artisan roast is the place to go.
They roast their own beans and they do a pretty decent job of it.
I tried all their coffees as pour overs on the V60.
The roasting is a bit dark for my taste (more a fan of the lighter roasting favored by the likes of Square Mile, Tim Wendelboe and Coffee Collective) but they do know what they are doing.
I also had a flat white here and that was very good as well.
Did not try any of the pastries but they did look good as well.
The place itself is nothing special but a nice enough place to hang around for a cup of coffee or two.

This is the best coffee i've had outside of New Zealand/Australia so it didn't surprise me to hear the baristas NZ/Oz accents.
Even the best coffee houses in New York don't match these guys.
We even made a second trip that afternoon across town during all the tram road works to get another one.

Dearest Edinburgh, amongst your much-maligned food and dishwater beverages hides something world-class... Artisan Roast.
This would clock in to one of our top 20 cafes on planet earth, easily trumping anything NYC/Portland has to offer and giving most Antipodean places a run for their money (as it turns out, NZ accents seem to dominate amongst the baristas at Artisan).
Keeping it simple, just doing coffee, the Artisan crew are roasters as well as baristas and they get the intimate play between bean selection, roast, staleness, grind and expression.
If these guys were in our backyard we might have a new local to attend.
And to top it off, this place is a gorgeous, understated, cosy little hidden gem.
No barista hiding behind a counter, but their hand pulled machine is out in the open for all to see.
Piling into the small room and being wonderfully attended to face to face and then seeing your shots expressed from the Barista's point of view you start to realise you're seeing something pretty special goin' down.
If I lived in London, I'd be driving north around about now.

I stopped in for a simple cup of coffee.
Little did I expect to leave as a newly learned woman.
Not having a necessarily seasoned coffee pallette, I am no professional when it comes to espresso.
However, one can't help but notice a particularly tasty coffee once they've tried one, and that one coffee for me was most definitely from Artisan Roast.
The space is quite intimate, with a couple of small tables and some window seating.
After cozying up in a corner seat, I began to peruse their extensive list of coffee bevys.
I knew not where to begin!
Did I fancy a cup of rich delectable caramel-esque coffee accompanied with milk or a more citrusy tea-like filter infusion?
The attractive barista suggested I try the more citrusy Tanzania coffee, and proceeded to inform me about the origins and how he was to prepare my personal cup of deliciousness.
So impressive!
I also learned how they roast their beans and sell to various other cafes around town, where the baristas working with the coffee must learn about the beans and the brand.
I was served my steaming coffee in a glass carafe, which I was to pour into a small ceramic cup.
The sips had slightly acidic, grapefruity notes, just delightful!
My one suggestion would be to have bigger, and non-tippy tables for those intending to get some studying done.
Otherwise, a wonderful experience I wish to relive when I return to Edinburgh, hopefully sooner than later.

There's coffee, and then there's Artisan Roast coffee.
I'm not a big coffee drinker - I'm much more a tea Jenny.
We're talking about for my 5-a-day hot beverage of choice here.
And I have recently realised that the reason I don't drink coffee more regularly is that it's not Artisan Roast coffee, and more specifically, not a V60.
V60, that's right.
Long whites are so last year.
Artisan Roast only make these at the weekend, as they take longer (around 10 minutes) to prepare.
I'm not even going to try and explain what they do - there's a funnel, and there's glass, and there's several filterings, and the coffee comes out looking red, and it's light and crisp and so easy to drink (like a very fine Chinese Oolong Tea.
Not like the Twinings Green Tea you get that's astringent and bitter but one that is light and palateable and you can drink a whole pot of.
) Which I did.
I think I drank three small espresso-glass sized cups, and I wanted more.
Until the barista told me one of them was stronger than an espresso.
That will explain why I couldn't write for an hour (literally, it was a scribble on the page) and I felt like I was in love with the WORLD.
Good coffee makes you feel like that - it makes you feel like you're in love with the world.
And that you can do anything.
I'm pretty sure it's a legal high.
My V60 high lasted for 3 days, and then it went down and I needed coffee again.
So I had a regular long black in a coffee shop nearby (with Artisan Roast coffee beans no less) and it wasn't the same.
I felt jittery, and then I had a momentary glimpse of that bliss, then it was gone.
Ok that was something of a love letter to Artisan Roast.
But seriously.
These guys are to coffee what Shakespeare was to theatre and literature.
They are setting the standard, and everything else is just playing catch up.
Also, in brief: I love the shop, I love the mooch, I love the feel of the place, I love the friendly baristas, I love the "J. K. Rowling Never Wrote Here" sign, I love that its the anti-Sbucks, I love that it's more like a friend's living room than a coffee shop, I love that business men, musicians and travellers alike come here and all sit haunch-to-haunch enjoying the beaned hot drink of goodness, I just love it all.
It's been far too long, and there have been too many coffees, since I wrote my first review of Artisan Roast.
Back then, I had just moved to Edinburgh.
I quickly scouted out the places I must visit, and Artisan Roast was top of that list.
So I went, I visited, I was impressed, I was caffeinated, and I left happy.
It was an easy 5 stars.
But since then, 20 months have I lived here in Edinburgh and many a coffee have I drank in many a different coffee shop.
And now I wish I could give Artisan 6 stars, nay - 10.
There's coffee.
And then there's Artisan Roast coffee.

Possibly the best coffee in Edi!
Even by unrealistically high Melbourne standard.
Plus they roast their own beans and have single origin specials.
Very chilled.

Quirky, small cafe.
The coffee is made using the best Columbian coffee beans!
I ordered a large latte and was slightly put off as it was served in a small glass, and I much prefer a good mug, however it was very relaxed and decor was shabby chic!
No hand dryer in the one toliet and the paper towels were overflowing in the bin...only downfall.

Best coffee in Edinburgh?
We found Artisan Roast through yelp reviews, and were seriously glad we did.
Coming from Melbourne, this felt like a little piece of home.
Single origin, bean selection, excellent and technical baristas (including a few from from New Zealand and Australia).
The premises would feel right at home in Brunswick (especially on the couches in the Mooch), and the staff are friendly and knowledgable.
I started my mornings with a double macchiato, followed by a flat white - both excellent.
Edinburgh is a beautiful city, it's great to discover that you can also get beautiful coffee close to the city centre.

A neighbourhood joint Self roasted, hand crafted treat Delicious coffee

I like Artisan Roast because it has delicious coffee in a cosy, old-worldsy environment.
Although I came here to work and assumed they would have wifi (silly me), I still had a great afternoon here and got a lot of non-computer work done after discovering that there is no wifi.
My latte was fantastic and the croissants and brownies looked amazing.
This place has great quality food and beverages, but what I liked most was that it felt like it was so removed from the hustle, bustle, and technology-obsessed life of the outside world.
If you come prepared to chat or read in one of the tall chairs in the bare-boards front room or curl up in the cosy back room, then you'll be set.
Just don't bring your technology and expect to be surfing the Internet.
Artisan Roast also felt a bit like stepping back a century in time with the spartan wooden benches and it was not the warmest of places to sit for a few hours in chilly November.
That said, I really liked the charm of the place and will come back to curl up with a book and a coffee.

Great coffee in a cool little place.
Only thing is it's fallen into the trap of creating painfully uncomfortable coffee houses; do they think people like being crammed into tiny space on uncomfortable chairs that you can't sit on properly because your knees knock the table legs in front of you.
There's a big void in the middle of the room which is just odd.
Anyway, still very good coffee and worth a visit.
Just get someone to reorder your interior guys pleeease.

Amazing coffee and a super relaxed atmosphere.
Good place to read or meet some friends!

50 reviews and an average of 4.5 says it all really.
And I could (I'm tempted to) find fault.
But why?
I once asked a very honest friend what his favourite film was and he said it was, "Statistically, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves".
Stastically, Artisan Roast is probably my favourite cafe in Edinburgh.
Like it or lump it, it's the one I go to most (although it's a tad trendier than RH: PoT).
Why only 4 stars?
It's not the most comfortable of places.
It can be socially awkward if your table or bench neighbours aren't all in for the sharing spirit and for being reasonable about it.
Better wifi arrangements would help.
I do NOT think it deserves the accolade of best cafe in the UK or whatever, but that's not Artisan's fault; it doesn't really claim this, in words or spirit.
It's not an arrogant place.
It's a low-key, independent, cheap(-ish) and cheerful cafe that serves beautiful coffee and usually plays decent music.
That's all.

This is my new favourite coffee shop, and should have been my firm favourite since my first year here.
I can't say there was anything I disliked about this place, apart from maybe the lack of gluten free cakes, which they can get away with as the coffee and interior were so incredibly amazing!
You step in, the place is small, but very cosy.
There is a lot of wood, some sacks with which probably previously held coffee beans decorate the wall, the centre piece is the coffee machine of dreams.
You order at the front, there is no cash desk, as this place is incredibly informal and friendly.
There are many hot chocolates, including rose and black pepper, chilli, vanilla and cinnamon and lavender.
There are also a few interesting sounding teas, and of course a very exciting list of coffees, including espresso (available as a double or single shot), cappuccino, flat white, V60, affogato.
I came here with a friend I hadn't seen in ages.
He ordered a chilli, vanilla and cinnamon hot chocolate, I ordered a soya cappuccino.
We went to the back room as it seemed quieter.
The seats were comfortable, it was warm, and the odour of coffee was everywhere.
I pretty much fell in love with the simple yet very creative lights-little coffee filters with lights inside, the brightness attenuated by a few roughly cut pieces of sack material.
These little impromptu lights were hanging low from the ceiling from wires.
I am convinced that if I tried this at home, I'd make it look messy, but whoever did this made it fit in with the look of the cafe perfectly.
I spent a lot of the time staring at these lights wondering how people come up with such quirky ideas!
The coffee arrived in a refreshingly small cup.
I say that because I hate being over faced with bad coffee, a good cup of delicious coffee suffices when you need a dose of the black stuff.
It was quite frankly one of the best coffees I have ever had in a coffee house, and I drink a lot of coffee.
This is comparable to Monmouth coffee house.
My friend's hot chocolate looked really pretty, it also came with some coffee art (a cute little heart), and it was served in a small glass cup.
I would be tempted to try that sometime, though resisting the coffee would also be a problem.
I really wish this was closer to where I live, as I would love to come here and catch up on some reading.
Though I couldn't eat the cakes, they looked really good.
Also on sale is the coffee to take home, and a few coffee making devices.
Considering that this is gourmet coffee, one would expect gourmet prices.
A cup of coffee will not actually set you back by too much, costing £2.20 for a cappuccino, I think that's pretty decent in  comparison to many other chains and independent shops.
To sum up, fantastic cafe, I can't believe I hadn't come here sooner and I will most certainly pay it a visit every time I feel in need of a really good cup of coffee.
It's great when somewhere seems to live up to and surpass the hype.

I was in need of a caffeine boost so last Saturday I decided to pop into Artisan Roast as I happened to be in the area.
So.. what to drink.
I was looking at the menu and one of the girls asked me if I needed help.
Then I spotted V60 and wanted to know more as I'm still a V60 virgin - or am I?
Stay tuned...
The girl beckoned me over to show the process of how V60 coffee is made.
A filter, a glass jar of sorts and 18grams of coffee + hot water.
I was intrigued so I decided to sample it.
They told me they'll bring the coffee over.
I went to the back room and it was cosy as the wood burning stove was on.
I must say that that was the only cosy thing, as the padded wooden benches weren't the most comfortable to sit on.
My coffee arrived.
It was brought in a glass jar accompanied by a small cup.
I asked for milk and the guy explained that the 'floral notes' would not benefit from the white stuff.
I persisted, as I'm not a black coffee drinker but I did try it without milk too.
The coffee definitely had a lightness about it, but I wasn't particularly wowed.
I mean .. filter coffee - isn't this the way coffee has been made since day one?
Albeit these days you would use a electric coffee maker.
Nevertheless, I do like this place.
The staff are genuinely enthusiastic about coffee and are very helpful.
I paid £2.60 for my V60 and left.
;-)

'Twas lovely to visit the original Scottish Artisan Roast after frequenting the Glasgow one for ages.
It's not much different in decor, and the coffee is similarly excellent, though I don't think this AR does food as I didn't see any being eaten or vein advertised, and the daily soups are my favourite part of the Glasgow branch.
The staff were excellent though, from their chat whilst making the coffee to the actual coffee itself, these guys know what they're doing.
I didn't head into the back where there's a big seating area as I was only getting a coffee to go, but it looked nice and cosy and was relatively busy, so you can tell it's a popular place.
Some of the best coffee you'll get your hands on!

I sense I'm about to make myself very unpopular with my review of the Artisan Roast on Broughton Street.
Firstly it's important to point out that I don't drink coffee.
I am a tea drinker, so I was never going to worship this place as some kind of coffee mecca that everyone else seems to.
I first thought upon walking in that they were in the middle of renovating.
Nope this is how it always looks, like they've got the builders round.
The chair I sat on was wobbly and had a hole in the material; perhaps this coupled with the décor is some kind of hipster theme I'm not cool enough to appreciate?
Who knows?
The place is really dark which makes it feel oppressive and unwelcoming inside.
However the staff were really nice and laughed when I awkwardly asked for a pot of tea.
The breakfast blend was loose leaf and was actually really good value as I left like I got about 5 cups out of it.
Now we come to the massive issue I have with the place.
After drinking about 5 or 6 cups of tea I discover that the only bathroom is out of order.
Brilliant.
Well that's one way to make sure you don't linger.
It's also the kind of information that I'd appreciate when I sit down and order.
I really don't understand what is so special about this place.
Fair enough if it makes the best flat white in the city, but if you aren't a coffee drinker there really isn't much here for you.
Personally I don't think I'll be back.
There are nicer places to meet someone for a coffee than here.

We seek out independent, quirky coffee houses on our travels, and this was a perfect stop for us.
The flat white I ordered was great, and we hung out in the back for 30 min before moving on.
Cozy, relaxed, almost deconstructed atmosphere but it works.

Artisan Roast, the Broughton St. location, is a beautiful cafe in Edinburgh that seems a gift to the streets and a little kiss of hipster-cool-creative, and reminds me of Los Angeles that I consider home.
It is by far the most glorious cafe I've been to so far in Edinburgh, and as LA Native who has traversed the cafe scene (due to the drinking laws), I've seem some pretty cool cafes.
Artisan Roast  I visited this past Saturday and was washed away happily by what I found.
From the outside, it is a black painted store front with a gold sign cut out with letters declaring 'Artisan Roast'.
There is a red bench and people with unmanageable curly hair and alternative attire standing outside.
My friends hesitated, but I was invigorated.
These were my people.
We opened the door, a black walled room with hip barstools and a shelf of freshly roasted coffee beans from their facility down the road.
A man of baldness with a rich and swirly beard wearing a light blue flannel said, 'There's more room in the back, feel free to sit down', and so we walked past the huge expresso machine, and into a room that was another world altogether.
Low, red cushioned benches lined the room as french press lanterns dangled from the ceiling at eye level while sitting.
The walls were decorated with international burlap coffee bags, and there was a hanging curtain fabric that made the room feel like we were sitting in a middle eastern tent.
I felt like we had been transported.
We made our way back to the front to order, and looked up at a variety of over 20 types of beans and four different brewing techniques,V60 filter, cafetiere, aeropress, and stovetop, as well as the expresso machine.
And there was a soup of the day.
We went back to our seats and waited for our Monsoon Malabar from India, our Divina Providencia from Honduras, and our Aricha Woreda from Ethiopia.
Each one had a different sculpted flavor that was revitalizing and delicious.Artisan Roast2  Wandering back into the streets of Edinburgh, I knew I had left a little bit of myself sitting in Artisan Roast, contemplating life and listening to 'Brown Eyed Girl' by Van Morrison.
And I was okay with that.
Find more of our reviews at Literarypixie.com.

My grandad lives in a farmhouse in Wales.
Everything is very rustic there - you know, lots of jute and heavy woollen jumpers and stuff.
He has a ceramics workshop out the back where I'm told he throws pots (always nice to have a special place to go when you get that cross, I suppose).
He turns wooden things as well (so they face the right way, perhaps) and eats rye bread and there's a rickety old bench next to the log pile outside.
His wife bakes really good marmalade cakes and the hot chocolate is never quite as sweet as you think it will be.
It is very much like Artisan Roast on Broughton Street.
I, as some reviewers have also confessed, am not by any means a coffee connoisseur, so I felt a bit of a fraud coming here in some ways.
I'm not the target demographic.
But come I did, and Yelp I do, so review I shall.
Yoda I am apparently becoming.
The hot chocolate varieties are unprecedented in my experience - lavender, rose and black pepper, and another which I can't recall.
Being fan of roses as much as, if not more than, of ribbons, I'm surprised I went for lavender, but there we go.
It was... exactly as you might expect lavender-flavoured hot chocolate to taste: not very sweet, but rather a faint hint of chocolate spiced up with that kind of pungent floral kick.
I've got to say, it didn't work perfectly for me and it was a bit gritty at the bottom, but as an experiment it was quite fun and I wouldn't advise against it.
What *really* didn't work for me was the space - I felt cramped and I had to keep shuffling my chair closer into the table to let people past.
I was beside the wall, rather than sticking out into the room, so I'm not entirely sure what was going on there.
The serving staff took a long time to notice me - takeaway customers were being prioritised and a fair number of people entered, queued, got served and left in the time that I was at my table waiting.
This also happened to my friend who joined me later.
I'm not sure if you're meant to just go up and grab somebody (there's no actual counter) but it wasn't clear.
As a side note, there's a sign by the door that says "J K Rowling never wrote here".
That really made me laugh.

There are two branches of this company in Edinburgh, one in Bruntsfield, and this one here in New Town.
They are twins, but fraternal ones, and the one in New Town got the short end of the stick.
First, the atmosphere and design are barely tolerable.
This is an unfettered exaggeration of granola style, trying really, really hard to be so alternative, it no longer is genuine, but what Walt Disney would have come up with when tasked to generate a hang out for the 21st century hippy-esque barista.
It is the logical negation of StarPoops, but that doesn't make it automatically better looking.
Second, unlike the Masters of Bruntsfield, these guys here do not really know what they are doing.
My flat white was not much different from the over prized abomination I would expect to endure at StarCraps.
Much too milky, the espresso was barely noticeable.
Also absent, but that is really not so important for the taste, was the decorative playing with milk and coffee to produce a leaf or what-have-you on top of the flat white/latte/cappuccino/etc.
It just shows that these guys here kind of not care much (any more?).
Third, my companion's espresso was bitter to no end.
It really was rather depressive to taste it, and I felt a bit ashamed to have dragged her into this place after all that praise I foolishly came up with extrapolating from my divine encounters at the Bruntsfield branch of Artisan Roast.
My suggestion: perhaps the guys in Bruntsfield take their male and female brethren from the New Town office by the hand and show them how it should be done.
Until the true artisans from Bruntsfield tell me that this has been achieved, I will not go back again to Handicapped Roast in New Town.

To all coffee lovers, this is a place to visit!
If you think you know how great coffee should taste well, visit Artisan Roast first, and then review your thoughts on a coffee.
The atmosphere, music, deco takes you into a different world.
The staff could smile more but it is and will be by all means the best coffee shop ever.

My check in rudely interrupted me and posted after one word.
What it meant to say was....feels like you're in you're own front room.
Great service, a charming little spot.

