Open, clean, airy, and the spectacular view of the monona bay toward the Capitol.
It's a perfect place to pick up a cup of coffee and sit at one of the cozy table and read paper/check email or quietly chat with a friend.
I love the large window that makes the room bright.
A telescope next to the window completes the scene.
Coffee is pretty good.
I don't think I can recommend the espresso drinks.
But just come for a cup of joe and have a serene morning.
There's an outdoor seating for summer season, too.

I discovered this gem with my mom one day when we were exploring the list of slow food week participants.
Not only is this place homey and inviting with the knitting store, great counter staff, and nice lighting, the food (whitefish salad sandwich is to die for!
) and (fruity) iced tea are quality!!
Since it's on the lake, it can get a little windy on the deck, but if you handle it, this is the perfect spot to chat with a friend over a warm drink.

Whenever I am in the Madison area, I try to go to Lakeside Fibers.
I usually have non-yarn-crazed people with me, so The Washington Hotel Coffee Room is a great alternative for those waiting for me as I peruse the yarn shop.
Combined with Lakeside Fibers, it's also a great place to hang out and knit or read or surf (they now have WiFi).
There is a great view of Monona Bay and the Capitol.
The location is by some railroad tracks in a somewhat residential area.
This block does have some quaint little shops that add to the neighborhood.
Since I am not from the area, I really appreciate the local food & products they offer.
I have been coming here for a couple of year now & it's always a nice break from my road trip.
The employees are always nice and helpful.
I always want to stay longer when I shop here.

It's a beautiful, yarn-filled, warm and inviting space with enough outlets, but the coffee is a bit expensive and the wifi, though free, is very very slow (today ranging between 100-300 kbps), and fairly spotty (on and off).
It's also very bike-friendly with good racks out front and they participate in the "Bicycle Benefits" program (http://www.bicyclebenefits.org), so I'm happy to keep coming here, even though the wifi bothers the part of me that needs to be constantly connected.
UPDATE: I went back the next day (9-1-09) to give the wifi a 2nd chance, but with only 3 laptop users in here the download speed is 68kbps (dial up = ~56kbps).
So this is really a better place for those who don't need to get on the 'nets.
My iPhone with Edge access is faster.
UPDATE (10-14-09) I don't know if they upgaded their wifi, but it's 670 kbps today (over 10x faster than last month!).
Of course I kept coming here because it's comfy, spacious, and I love their wheat berry salad!

I have only been here once, but I plan to go back.
This coffee shop has a warm and comforting atmosphere with a fantastic view of the lake and downtown Madison.
Groups of knitters gather here, which can get a little loud at times.
The prices are slightly higher than other Madison coffee shops, but the quality was very good.
I think this would be a great place to bring out-of-towners.

Inviting!
A cut above!
Somewhat expensive!
Except for the occasional chatter of groups of knitters, this is an example of a comfortably furnished, bright coffee bar that features a relaxing atmosphere where one can read, chat, work with a PC, catch up on current events perusing the newspapers provided free of charge, or enjoy the view of Monona Bay.
Except for the occasional chatter of groups of knitters, most customers quietly pursue their activities.
Coffee, juices, and a number of delicious menu items are a bit expensive.
Staff are always friendly and accommodating.
The no smoking policy is strictly enforced on the small patio adjacent to the front entrance as well as on the deck facing a small park and Lake Monona.
Overall, a visit to the Washington Hotel Coffee Room is an opportunity for a stress free, mini-vacation.

Quality of espresso drinks depends on the barista working on the particular day.
The iced red-eye (my favorite summer drink) was perfectly done on my last visit.
But I've also had a shocking bad double-shot espresso, too.

This place is an awesome little gem that I came upon today.
It's tucked back in the Bay Creek neighborhood with a fabulous view of Monona Bay and downtown.
Not to mention great coffee and a good vibe.

Love this place.
Great views and a cozy feel.

This adorable coffee shop has a great view of the lake, lovely decor, and friendly baristas.
One of my absolute favorite places to hang out.
Only downside was they are not open very late.

This is my favorite coffee shop in Madison.
View of lake, high ceilings, wall of windows, good coffee.
I can spend all day here and it is connected to a knitting shop.
They upgraded their Wifi and it works great now.
Only con is the price of food-bit expensive for lunch but it is tasty.

Just lovely.
Great latte miel.

This place is a hidden gem.
Being directly behind Bernie's Beach gives this place wonder views of Monona Bay.
The decor is warm and inviting.
The menu is a tad small, but for bunch I had quiche and a pumpkin chai latte.
The quiche was adequate and the latte was good.
The mixture of atmosphere, good food and great views is something I'm sure to return for.

It's lovely, the staff are friendly and genuine, they don't use a lot of disposable items and they compost!
not to mention bottomless yummy coffee, great food and an absolutely beautiful view and vibe.
So happy to have found you!

What a lovely, sunlit place to enjoy bottomless coffee and delicious food.
My personal favorite is their sun-dried tomato quiche.
The sandwich plates are enormous and made to share.
Staff is efficient and friendly.
Order at the counter, then settle in and your order will be brought to your table.
Great food, service and plenty of tables-- no feeling that you need to rush out the door in order to free up a table.
Finally, the view of the lake can't be beat.
(There is a nice terrace area if you prefer to eat outside during the warmer season.

The VIEW.
The freeking view!
And the warm vibes, big tables, good food and the view again.
Come here to meditate or study without the internet, or to chat.
The internet isn't worth the effort, the coffee is okay but expensive, and the surrounding area is a neighborhood and not very hip.
But the lighting is prime, the decor is basically my ideal, and it's usually not too crowded.
Visit the beach maybe 500 feet from the patio!
Dog, bike and kid friendly.

Ever wonder what it would be like to drink coffee and telecommute in your grade school cafeteria?
Washington Hotel Coffee Room aka Lakeside Coffee... that's what.

Best Pumpkin Spiced Latte in the city.
Delicious!
It was a bit pricey, but you just need to know that before you go and you'll be fine.
If you want cheap coffee, then there's always a barfy McDonald's.
Really nice atmosphere and its right near the lake.
Very warm and inviting.

Love love this place.
It is within a good biking distance from campus and has a wonderful view, both on the way and inside the coffee shop.
The lattes are a bit mild, but do try the white mocha.
It was delicious!
It's a great place to study, knit (it shares the first floor with a knitting shop) or just enjoy the sunny view.

GREAT coffee and a really warm atmosphere to enjoy it in!
The view of the Capitol is amazing!

Location, location, location.
And it's a good thing for this cafe, as the service is routinely quite annoying.
But who can get very upset when the wait is filed with beautiful views of Monona Bay.
Turns out the coffee and teas are really good, and the sandwiches and pastries excellent.
In these areas, this is a five start coffee house.
But regularly five to ten minutes to get a latte, and often longer for a sandwich is bothersome.
Sometimes they'll bring the stuff to your table, sometimes not, and it's hard to know one way or the other.
At least half the time when I ask, my favorite food is not available.
Too bad, but I still go to look out over beautiful Madison.

Fun place to stop for a treat right on the lake.
Good coffee, good bakery.
Service was a bit slow but friendly.
Original decor, interesting furniture pieces, plenty of room for groups.

Lakesiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiide!
Bumping these fine folks up a star because they carry an assortment of Lazy Janes scones.
(Need I say more!
) They also have free WIFI and take credit cards, not the case and my fave scone hang on Willy, so IMO they're sort of like a Lazy Janes on crack.
They have all the charm with a few less food options, but everyone's pref for pastry!
It's also lovely to sit outside on the deck this time of year and the internet extends out there!

Math:  Food: 2.
Why am I buying this food that I could make at home, remind me?
Lake view: 5.
Purty!
Decorated like my elementary school: 5 for nostalgia, 3 for taste.
The glorious sensation of not just running past this place on my 3 mile loop but actually stopping to eat there: Priceless.

My favorite weekend coffee-and-studying spot in Madison.
Tons of room, big tables, sunny south-facing windows on the street side, and an unbeatable view of the lake on the opposite side.
Oftentimes there's great live acoustic guitar on Sunday mornings.
They recently upgraded their (formerly unreliable) Wi-Fi network.
The Bike Benefits deal--50% off drip coffee--plus the bottomless cup option makes for about the cheapest full day of caffeine intake in Madison.
In the warmer months, their nice little patio is a great place to sit.

Great place to study on a Sunday morning--especially when they have live acoustic music!
Great views of Monona bay, delicious coffee and scones, and lots of space.
When the weather is warm, you can even sit out on their patio overlooking Monona bay.
This is definitely my favorite cafe in Madison!

I just love this place!
The food is great, the service is so friendly, the atmosphere is awesome, love the variety of cold drinks and best of all, they now have the friendliest, coziest wine and beer bar in town!

The fact that I came to Lakeside St. for the first time on a horrible, rainy spring day and STILL thought it was absolutely gorgeous is sayin' something.
It's a coffee shop.
It's a bar.
It's a music venue.
It's a common spot for knitters (?).
It's a place to grab Lazy Jane's scones and sit in the sunshine by Monona Bay and be happy you live in Madison.
It's everything you want from a little lakeside cafe (and more).

Lovely.
Great coffee/drinks, great atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty food...it's all good!
I absolutely love everything about this place.

I want to start out by saying I'm going to give this place a second try for sure.
But if my yelps aren't honest they don't mean anything.
So here we go.
The space and view is excellent.
Great vibe and view.
The problems started with my order.
I ordered the quiche of the day and sat down.
15 min pass and they came to my table and said they were out of what I ordered.
I switched to what's left, no problem.
Another 15 min passed and I went to the front and they told me it was a very busy day and that it was almost ready.
(It was less busy than an average lunch rush at most places I have been in town.
) When I finally got the quiche it was cold and blah.
I hope to try again and experience what everyone is talking about.
It stands on 3 stars for being a cool hang out.

