Tried the seafood pasta special here a year or so ago and was underwhelmed- too much crayfish and not much flavor, as I recall.
Desserts here are much better, though; Warning: those with a sweettooth should be extra careful dining at The Eagles Buffet next door, especially on Mother's Day... unless you have the discipline to put extra time at the gym!
Had lunch here today (3/10)- turkey club (smoked turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, swiss cheese, and mayo on fresh croissant) and crispy sweet potato fries as my choice of side.
Yes, I chose this spot only bec.
I had a craving for SPF!
I only had 30 minutes' time alloted for lunch (which explains the lack of photos), but I thought a simple sandwich and fries wouldn't take much time.
Was I wrong!
First of all, it took 5 minutes from the moment I was seated at the table for my server to take my order.
Second, my order took more than 15 minutes to arrive, but I had to send the fries back as they were very soggy.
After a few minutes, however, these fries were perfect!
The sandwich included processed turkey slices (circular slices straight from the bag) and a lettuce leaf that was just large enough to span the length and width of the croissant.
I did appreciate the fact that the slices of bacon were pretty lean- I am one to trim off cooked fat from bacon before placing them back in my sammies.
(I know I'm NOT the only one that does this!
)    I wouldn't recommend the turkey club or other sandwiches where processed meats might be used.
Perhaps the entrees would be your best bet (pun intended!).
I DO suggest you try the desserts (I spied small glasses of milkshakes being delivered to their lucky owners) and the extra-crispy sweet potato fries.
Neighbors ooh'ed and ahh'ed over their lovely slices of strawberries and cream cake with coffee.

My suggestion?
Go for breakfast!
I have been here a few times and received spotty service: either my coffee cup is filled after every sip, or I am left to wonder if the waitstaff even know that I've been seated!
However, it is hard to ruin breakfast and you cannot beat the price: $6.25 for 2 eggs, hashbrowns, choice of meat, and toast.
I can't decide whether I like the cheap eats or the valet service better!

Reasonable price for good food.
It doesn't seem practical to visit a casino just for a good meal, but I think Willows Restaurant in Casino Arizona is well-worth the trip.
Tonight, we had the prime rib special, a good, tender, well-seasoned prime with a large baked potato, vegetable and your choice of soup or salad for only $13.95!
The taste is comparable to a Black Angus experience but much less expensive.
There are also hearty, delicious portions during the lunch time.
Definitely try their daily specials!
Service was fast (we didn't have to wait for a table at the 5:45ish time frame), fairly friendly, with consistent bussing and refill service.
The restaurant is clean with impressive decor of traditional Native art on the walls and intimate booths for parties from 2 to 6 people.
Parking can be tough if you are only going to dine and not gamble but there is a valet.
Because the gambling never ends, the restaurant never closes.
Good meal, good service, great price.

This place used to be alright, but now it only serves the dregs of the casino Buffet.
Even if you are starving at 1 in the morning, just save yourself the disapointment and the high prices and just go to Dennys instead.

Breakfast.
The best crispy chicken fried steak and eggs this side of Texas.
Served with country gravy, hash browns and garnished with a slice of cantaloupe and honey dew melon for under $7.
The green chili cheese burger is also one of my favorites, served any time of day or night.
Only down side is getting past all the unwashed morons gambling and chain smoking cigarettes.

Try and catch the early bird special if you go.
For 8.95 you get a very good size salad, a (depending on what you get) big portion of whatever meat you decide on, two sides, and a dessert.
Now the reason for only three stars is me regretting my choice...
I know that isn't fair to the restaurant but usually when you order country fried chicken or a chicken fried steak it's pretty massive.
Mine was the smallest out of everyone else at the tables, and there were 8 of us.
While the chicken was good and I really liked the gravy I was still a little hungry at the end.
And key lime pie is not my idea of dessert.
So I guess I just happened to hit a bad day.
Maybe next time I go they'll have chocolate pie, or something not key lime (My grandparents liked it, but I just couldn't eat it, so sour!).
From the looks of the other plates, the salmon was the winner.

Went for breakfast and everyone around us was sending back the food because it was not hot.
I had the Lox and bagels which was good but it seemed not a lot of people enjoyed their food.
But good prices and decent food.

I've been here for the all-you-can-eat crab leg nights, and always enjoy  the food.
But lately I heard that they are now doing a dim sum variety, I had to check this out.
It's a great price from 10-3 for & $9.99 and for a cheap buffet, there is a lot of variety.
The dim sum part of the buffet is just someone standing there and you basically pick out what what is available.
There about ten or twelve things to pick from and they only give you a portion of what they usually give at a real dim sum restaurant.
But then again, it's a buffet so you can always go back.
I'm usually used to loud Asian ladies trying to get a lot of items on your table and enticing you to try things you never tried before and stamping the heck out of your bill!
But besides the dim sum, the buffet offers lots of variety also from Mexican, Asian, and American varieties.
The BBQ baby back ribs are so good!
Also what I'm pleased with is for the cheap price, they have a great dessert area with an ice cream machine.
Casino Arizona always does a good job in making their buffets worth the price.
I will definitely be back!

The specials they have that you can put together on your own is convenient, I love their breakfast burrito deal because you get this huge breakfast burrito with hash browns which I love!
But the two together is so Good!!!
Also they have amazing milkshakes if you get the strawberry and chocolate together its like having a chocolate covered strawberry in a cup!
better to go here than dennys on a late night out.

Let me start off by stating that my meal was comped by management as an apology and invite to return due to a previous poor dining experience at the casino buffet.
Keeping THAT in consideration, it was an excellent meal.
I ordered the rib eye steak dinner.
It was cooked to order perfectly and tasted excellent.
It had just the right amount of juice and seasoning.
It came with a soup, vegetable and potato.
The soup was a vegetable soup, and it too tasted good.
It had a little spice to it but not too much.
The vegetables were very fresh and also tasted good.
The potato also was great.
Additionally we ordered a sampler appetizer and a chocolate layer cake for dessert.
The sampler consisted of popcorn shrimp, onion rings, chicken strips, and a piece of pineapple.
The popcorn shrimp was very delicious, and probably the best part of the plate.
But that is not to say the rest of the food was bad.
The chicken strips were sized right, and baked in a batter that was very good.
The onion rings were cooked to perfection.
The three layer chocolate cake for desert was delicious and excellent.
It was topped  with a white frosting and pecans and overall tasted great.
Service was excellent.
It was fast, friendly, professional, and the waitress checked up on us frequently.
No complaints service wise.
The atmosphere was nice.
It was quiet, not very crowded, very well decorated and overall just a nice place to have a meal.
Overall it was a perfect dining experience.
I would give them 5 stars had it been a normal meal but as I said it was an invite to return meal, so I feel that in order to be fair I have to rate them a little lower.
Definitely recommend.

Service was horrible.
Our waittress would come to the table, stand there and stare at us silently until we acknowledged her - really, we were just reading the menu, it's ok to interrupt - maybe you could describe the daily special, or try to sell us something?
Not.
Asked about the wine, she knew they had a red wine and a white wine, but not the variety or the vinter, or we could order a bottle from the "Expensive" list.
We went with the list, and a Wild Horse Merlot.
Waittress needs more training on wine service, she could not open a bottle without help, could not pour without spilling and had no clue what order to pour in.
Okay, not that big of a deal, but then there's the food.
dinner salad was Denny's quality, I had the ribeye steak, supposed to be 12 ounces, and Medrare, it looked like it had been pounded out into this giant thin, almost sandwich steak looking thing.
I didn't weigh it, but it looked mighty slim for 12 ounces.
Steak was overcooked, flavor was okay.
What was really weird was the huge pile of green beans that came with it - like enough for all six of us, on my plate alone.
Mediocre food, mediocre service,  two stars is generous, and I'll not be back.

Short and sweet :  Service was fine WHEN the did come around.
coffee was luke warm at best.
My thai salad was soggy and had the heat level of a lighting bolt being shoved in my mouth.
My wifes "hard poached" eggs were harder and dryer then hard boiled eggs.
There was only a few customers in there but the food took so long you would have thought they were slammed.
My recommendation would be to go to the buffet.
Or the little café across the casino floor from it.

Late night prime rib after a night in old town is the best!
Even though we have been asked to leave (sometimes more politely than others) they always welcome us back with open arms!
I can't stay away from this place.

I guess it's about time I review this place.
For as many times as I've been here, it's always been for breakfast and I think all but maybe a couple of those times have been weekdays.
As a result the place normally isn't that crowded.
The food here is pretty solid, especially for how reasonably priced it is.
I normally get an omelet or whatever the daily special is (which most of the time is some sort of "specialty" omelet).
For $6.25 you get a three egg omelet w/three add-ins, hash browns & toast.
I don't know what it is, but this place has REALLY good hash browns!
They're crispy on the outside & really soft on the inside, which is how I like them.
The Willows also has really good coffee (for a buck), and I like that they leave a carafe at your table so that you can control refills.
For the most part I've always experienced good service (it probably doesn't hurt that by this point I've been coming here so often w/my parents that most of the servers recognize us).
Then again, like I mentioned earlier, weekday breakfasts here aren't all that crowded.
Not much to say about the atmosphere.
It's a little diner inside a casino, so it is what it is.

This is a very chill place to kick back and have a casual meal before and after a hard night of gambling or taking in a show.
The last time I was here was before The Doors cover band Strange Days show.
I had a Rueben sandwich with fries.
The service was great and the Rueben was excellent as well.
I'll need to try different items the next time around based on some other Yelper reviews.

Great place to soak up some suds before getting in the car and driving.
This restaurant is rather small and the decor is somewhat tacky.
But who cares when you need to eat something and you do not want to spend an arm and a leg.
The medium sized menu here has most of the familiar items and favorites that you would see in your typical restaurants.
They have different specials that change on occasion.
Usually stop here with other Yelpers after seeing one of the tribute bands.
Miss Jolly M. and her man Heath are one of our favorite dining guest and we always have a blast.
Last time we all played KENO at the table and had a good 20-30 minutes of laughter and excitement.
My number 8 popped up at least 4-5 times.
Hmmm?
Usually get the SW Burger and have them bring out Hot Sauce and some Atomic Horseradish.
The Reuben is also a favorite and taste really good.
Others have ordered the Steak and Eggs with Hashbrowns and Toast or the Chicken Salad Sandwich on a Croissant with Fries.
Food is decent and the prices are out of this world cheap.
Just take you time and kick back.
You always want to make sure to let the suds soak in good before getting behind the wheel.
See you there next time.
BEEP BEEP!
3.75 STARS

I've been having breakfast at the Willows Restaurant for the past 5 years.
The staff including the manager Sally, waitresses Lucy & Starr do an excellent job.
They are always willing to go the extra mile to make sure my food is prepared according to my requirements.
If there is ever an issue and there have been very few, they do whatever they can to make sure I'm taken care of.
For the price the food is excellent.
The service is second to none.
I would highly recommend the Willows Restaurant.

Came here for a little dinner.
Service is exceptional and the food has some variety.
I ordered the chicken wings with blue cheese.
It was good, but just like any other wings.
This place used to be open 24/7 which was nice because after the club or if you were just craving food late night it was the place to go to.
So, after they stop doing that, we barely come here.

