Oh gawd, another shitty Chinese food place in Surprise.
This place is actually ran by Chinese people but of course they stick with "Asian" (actually American) favorites.
I guess tried and true pays the rent every month but they should know that different pays off, look at Vogue Bistro.
Tried a few lunch specials including Kung Pao Chicken and Ma Po Tofu.. each came with a soggy spring roll as well as white rice.
However if you eat in you'll also get a bowl of soup and a salad, we did take out.
The Kung Pao was Kung lame with not much flavor or heat.
The Ma Po Tofu was bland and didn't have any of the veggies that the menu promised.
Even the addition of chile paste could save this one.
However the Chicken Egg Rolls are pretty good and managed to stay crispy.
Pei Wei is still the best Surprise has to offer on terms of Asian food, though that isn't saying much at all.

I found myself leaving work late last night on the drive home looking forward to a good meal.
Only to find out that my Wife was having dinner with her Mother and I was on my own.
Feeling like something different I start cruising around surprise looking to see if anything new sprang up.
I remembered seeing the sign for Mei Wei and wondered if they thought maybe they would get more business by varying their namesake by one letter to the popular chain.
Nonetheless I decided to stop in.
I walked in and the the restaurant had a dark mood lit feel, but was actually well decorated.
It also appeared very clean.
I was immediately greeted and the staff was very cordial,  I started looking over a menu to get take out and was offered a recommendation.
I should have been weary when they offered the Orange Peel Chicken.
but I gave it a chance because they used the word peel and just orange chicken, got an order of egg rolls too just to try.
10 minutes later my food was ready and I was on my way.
I got home and was pleasantly surprised by the portion size and including the egg rolls probably could have fed 2 people.
The food itself unfortunately was mediocre, the usual white rice and crispy meat faire, which isn't bad but for 12.50 I was expecting a bit more.
Food was ok but lacked any sort of flare or appeal, almost wonder if this would be a better lunch destination.
It's official Surprise is culturally bankrupt when it comes to Chinese/Asian food.
I might try it again, but don't hold your breath.
Better wipe the lipstick off my collar before Pei Wei finds out.

Started with some salty crab puffs and some excellent chicken egg rolls.
Nothing to rave about.
Wouldn't go back.

Slightly below average place.
Would only eat lunch here.Food is average at best.
Have never actually seen a chinese person at this resteraunt.
Seating is very tight as they are trying to fit 30 tables into a place that should only have 15-20.

Compared to similar restaurants (like Pei Wei's and other American Chinese restaurants of that caliber) MeiWei definitely deserves four stars.
They have my favorite dish - eggplants with pork - and it's pretty authentic.
As far as other dishes, like the broccoli beef and hot and sour soup, I would say it is decent.
The lunch prices are very reasonable and their menu prices are comparable to others.
The staff is so-so.
The food definitely isn't "authentic" Chinese food but "American" Chinese food.

Pretty good Chinese food.
After living in SF, I am somewhat of a snob when it comes to my Chinese, and so far this is the best I have had in the area.
Very good potstickers!

We couldn't get seated at Eureka Grill one night so we ended up here because its next door and we've been back a couple of times since.
The food is a little inconsistent here.
Sometimes mediocre, sometimes bad.
The soups are surprisingly good and the large bowl of won ton soup for 2 actually serves 4 generously.
The sesame chicken is too lightly breaded and the sauce is dark and watery.
The spring and egg rolls are very oily and soggy.
The lemon chicken has notes of NyQuil.
The service is excellent  and prices reasonable.
They really do try hard to please and I'll be back for the soup and lo mein.

I really wanted to leave a good review for this place, but that is not what is about to happen.
Lesson learned here: Check the Yelp reviews before ordering an sitting in the restaurant.
New Years day, one day a year that you probably, like most Americans, do not want to cook.
For dinner my girlfriend suggested Chinese food, a simple request that ended with me still hungry.
Since they are one of the closest places to me, I placed an order on-line, this turned out to be mistake #2, with mistake #1 being that I didn't check Yelp before deciding on this place.
The on-line order processing was great since I didn't want to be bothered with a phone call.
However, after arriving at Meiwei, they said that the only order they had was scheduled for a pickup time 45 minutes after what I was told.
So they apologized and put in my order.
Perhaps at this point they should have asked if that was in fact my order they were putting in.
The order was presented to me in normal time.
While I was waiting I started looking at the reviews... Rutt Roh!
I ordered the sesame chicken as mentioned by someone else, and when any restaurant is labeled as inconsistent, you really have to wonder what you are in for.
Mistake #3, not checking the order.
When I got home I thought the order had a few extra items, which I figured they might have been using as a way to make up for the mistake of not putting in my order.
Nope!
Dead wrong.
This wasn't my order!
Now this is where it gets interesting... Would you bring back an order that has more items than you ordered that actually looks good?
Mistake #4, I brought it back.
When I did get the correct order I was wishing I kept the previous orders.
The Sesame chicken that I was now really ready to eat, because I ordered it over an hour before was, how should we say, not good.
Every place I have ever ordered it uses chunks of chicken, this place uses slivers, and as mentioned by argen t., there is hardly any breading and the sauce is real watery.
By slivers I mean that it was about the thickness of lettuce, and maybe 1 inch wide by 2 - 4 inches long.
I also ordered 2 appetizers, the spare ribs, which aren't ribs, they are more like spare parts an inch in length, and an order of spring rolls.
Out of the 2 spring rolls, I could only down part of one.
I do have to mention that the vegetable fried rice that I got for my girlfriend was pretty good.
As I said in the beginning, I really wanted to write a good review because the employee I was working with went out of her way to make everything right, including throwing in an order of crab-puffs for my trouble.
For the service I would give Meiwei 4 stars, however let's be honest it's the food that makes or breaks a restaurant which pulls this down to a 2 because I don't have the heart to give them a 1.

I visited Mei Wei once last year, and came back this year.
Honestly, I'm not really certain why I did, as nothing about this restaurant does anything to distinguish itself.
Nothing is awful, but nothing was really memorable.
I had the Kung Pao Chicken for lunch.
It was...meh.
Service was friendly.

We've been coming here for a couple of years now but haven't been in a while.
Seems like the past couple of visits the quality has gone down.
They don't always have my favorite egg plant dish and coming from Buckeye, I am not a happy camper going all that way only for them to tell me that they are out.
Like a previous poster mentioned, the food is "ok" but nothing great.
It's a shame because I used to think they were really good.
What happened?
The only thing holding me back not giving them 2 stars is that it has been a few months since we've been there.
It would be unfair to rate them now b'c I don't know if they've improved since then or have changed managers.

The food is not very good.
Better than some of the chains, but I prefer Big Buddha at the 303 and Greenway.
Better food and lower prices.

Decent prices.
Large portions.
fresh food.
Egg drop soup was a mix of egg drop, Chicken and Miso.
Nothing fantastic about it but not horrible.
Orange chicken was great, not too spicy and not too sweet.
Broccoli beef was evenly proportioned with both ingredients.
Cashew Chicken was ok.

The best Chinese delivery in the area.
We've been ordering approximately two times a month for a 6-7 months and we're always very pleased.

We love Mei Wei.
We often go for lunch- it is delicious and includes soup, salad, egg roll, rice and main dish for a very reasonable price.
The staff is super friendly.
We have done take out via delivery and were really pleased.
I would recommend you try this tiny,  quaint little restaurant- the food is delicious and the staff are great.

3.5  Great Customer Service!
I liked my Orange Chicken lunch meal as it came with fried rice, spring roll, salad and plenty of oragne chicken.
The soup was ok too.
Every thing was fresh and hot (or cold as need be) but the chicken was sliced so thin I really never knew if it was chicken or not.
Do not let that stop you though.
We just need to let them know ....  thicker slices please.

By a LOOOONG shot the best Chinese food in the area.
East Coast style food either you will get it or you won't.
It is good.
Tiny place and I like that too.
All you Boston natives...go check it out.
Not quite Kowloon in Saugus but really good.

OMG!
Best Chinese Food Ever!
Ordered delivery last night for the first time and enjoyed their combination lo mein, eggplant dish and mango chicken with fired rice!
It is absolute heaven.
Prices are reasonable with fast delivery.
The 10% discount helped too.
Will definitely order again next week!

Two unofficial ratings for this place would be "eh" and "so so".
We ordered the General Tsao Chicken, Sweet n Sour Pork, Orange Peel Chicken, and Vegi Lo mein.
Everything was decent but nothing blew my mind.
I was really disappointed with the Tsao's chicken, it was good but not tsao's at all, and not even spicy.
The best was probably the lo mein.
And the servings were small.
We usually order enough for left overs but not this time, thank goodness we 'over order'.
There was none left.

Glad I didn't read some of these reviews before going.
We were in the neighborhood and wanted something quick and not too filling.
WOW, we loved it.
I had egg drop soup and my husband had sweet and sour soup.
Mine was just a tad in need of some salt and pepper, my husbands was delicious.
I ordered Sesame chicken and husband had sweet and sour pork.
Both of us ordered fried rice.
When the order came we were very impressed.
It was plated beautifully.
We also had a salad with the best vinaigrette we have ever had, rice was perfect and the sesame chicken was cooked beautifully.
We even had orange slices that were fresh and tasty.
Oh, and an egg roll too with sauce.
I couldn't believe all that food for $5.95.
Service was wonderful and the server was pretty cute too.
We are trying to find reasons we need to go back to Surprise so we can eat there again.

Our family has eaten here several times in the last few months and keep returning for our love of their pork potstickers and orange peel chicken.
This isn't Panda Express orange chicken, it's so much better and it's become a given with the husband and kids when we are ordering entrees family style.
We've also enjoyed the lemon chicken, General Tso chicken, kung pao, sweet and sour chicken and beef and broccoli.
All are served in generous portions when ordered as an entree' and we can feed our family of 4 for about $30 and we have two teenagers.
The service has always been attentive; drinks refilled without asking, answered any questions about dishes, have great recommendations.
I love that they offer the lunch specials on the weekends as well.
Lunch specials are served in a bento box along with soup for a very reasonable price.
It's under new management as of this late this summer.
The new owners have remodeled the dining area making it a nicer atmosphere and a little more private when you are dining in.
They also deliver but since we live outside the delivery area we are trying to convince them to extend their delivery boundaries...it's worth a try!
It can be a little hard to find if you don't know where you are going but if you can remember it's right between the Starbucks and Dominoes Pizza next to the RIde Now you'll find it easily enough.

I came by here the other evening for a quick take out order when I had this undeniable urge for orange chicken.
Not being from this area I was kinda at a loss at what is the best and safest bet for good chinese food.
Walking in the establishment was pretty empty - the young man working the front of the house was beyond friendly and accommodating.
I ordered the orange chicken, egg drop soup, egg rolls.
Frankly I wish I could say that the food here was out of the world, simply because the service was amazing and makes me want to come back, but the food was so underwhelming that I don't think I will be.

My wife and I stopped in for lunch today, and ordered the "Lunch Specials".
For $6.00, or $7.00 ( depending on entrée chosen ) you get a cup of soup, egg roll, salad, white or fried rice, and your entrée.
The chicken lo mein was very tasty, and they use all white meat chicken.
The kung pao shrimp was equally as tasty.
Both plates came with the food hot, right out of the wok.
Service was very attentive and polite.
Two things though, which have nothing to do with the quality of food detailed above.
At 12:30 on a Friday, we were the only couple in the restaurant.
It also does not look like a Chinese Restaurant.
It has a boiler room feel.
The place definitely needs sprucing up.
It's also small, with about 9 tables, plus 3 booths.
This area is heavily laden with Chinese Restaurants and several buffets.
Many of the locals prefer to gorge themselves at the buffets where you can eat until your heart's content for just about the same $7.00 for lunch.
Too bad.
It really hurts places like Mei Wei who serve quality food at reasonable prices.
We'll definitely be back.

My hubby and I came to Mei Wei not too sure if this was going to be good.
We went in on a Saturday night at 8pm and the place was dead, like literally there was no one else in the restaurant.
But we sat down and they gave us wonton chips and sweet n sour sauce, it was okay.
We ordered pork egg rolls, very yummy, and crab wontons, they were also yummy but a little greasy.
We weren't super hungry so we decided to just order shrimp lo mein and combination fried rice.
The shrimp lo mein was delicious!
Unfortunately the fried rice was dry and tasteless.
Overall service was awesome and food was really good.

love this place!!!

When it comes to Surprise, there aren't many options of Chinese food.
This place, however, is the exception.
The food is here is very good.
I have it both, dine in and delivery, and both times I greatly enjoyed their food.
Their orange chicken is very good and so are their appetizers.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a change from Panda Express but still wanting affordable good food.

We been here so many times it use to be our "Sunday place" to go.
But the service has been getting worse every time we go in.
Yesterday we had gotten take out, the smallest portions I had every seen from here.
Probably not going to be our "Sunday Place" anymore.

