I would have given this place more stars if I could actually afford it on a regular basis.
This place is as authentic a sushi experience as you will get in Edinburgh.
There's a proper sushi chef, who you'll see chopping and rolling and working his magic in front of your eyes.
Having been to Japan, I can safely say that the service was authentically Japanese.
But then again, I was only in Japan for a week, so you should get a second opinion on that front.
Possibly, by going there.
By there, I mean No.
1 Sushi.
Not Japan.
It's prohibitively expensive, almost like going all the way to Japan for the meal.
But it was a great discovery, since there were loads of things on the menu that I'd never heard of and wouldn't be able to try anywhere else.
They also serve Kirin, which is one of my favourite beers.
If you're feeling really lavish, you should definitely go.
If you're not, I recommend steering well clear of this place.

One of the disadvantages of quitting your job and moving halfway around the world is that until you find new employment.... funds tend to run rather low, leaving you sitting in the house, with not much more entertainment than the book on business you've been planning to read for oh... aeons now.
But then!
a job appears on the horizon and after some salary glitches, a positive amount of money appears on your bank account and what does that mean?
SPENDING TIME!
And I don't mean wisely.
I have sorely missed sushi since moving away from North California, and so decided that my first splurge would be on a no holds barred revisit of one of the finest cuisines known to man.
My other half had never tried sushi before, so my goal was to give him a one stop shop roller coaster of delights so he could try samples of everything and everything under the sun.
OK, so perhaps I restrained my wallet a little, but we did try:   * miso soup (way way way way too watery) * edamame (a little over cooked but delicious all the same - and a hefty portion at that) * chicken skewer (by all accounts amazing) * eel and salmon roe nigiri... ok so the roe turned him a little green, but he will learn, oh yes, he will learn * Various rolls - Rainbow, Dark Dragon (eel and avocado is not a good combination at any level with grease levels that defeated us both), Tokyo (a chicken-based roll for the non-raw fish lover in the family) and a classic spicy tuna maki.
Yes we ate too much.
Yes there were some bad choices in there, but there were also good - notably the salmon roe nigiri & rainbow rolls.
Wasabi didn't make him cry, and pickled ginger received a thumbs up while I drank all the sake at the table.
There was a fat bill at the end of the meal, but considering the amount of food we over ordered, I thought it was actually reasonable.
No 1 Sushi Bar reminded me very much of my Californian home away from home, and when I get another occasion to celebrate, I will most definitely be back again.

Sushi- love it or hate it you have to agree if you are going to go out and spend money on it you might as well go to a good place that knows what it's doing- especially when it comes to raw fish.
Set in Tollcross, I have to say it offers a great selection of freshly made sushi and if you have money to spare and a craving for Japanese cuisine you won't be disappointed.
They don't only do sushi of course, but have other yummy Japanese dishes, great to treat your taste buds too (and for those who aren't all keen on the impressive looking wrapped seaweed and fish).
All I can say is- it all comes with a price but better safe than sorry!

I'm not expecting amazing Japanese food in Edinburgh, but from what I had heard, this was the best around, so I had pretty high expectations.
However, I was a bit disappointed by the quality of food.
I started with an order of the miso soup, which was very underwhelming and actually some of the worst miso soup I've ever had.
For my main course, I had a chicken teriyaki rice bowel, which was tasty and satisfying.
I also split some soft shell crab rolls which were excellent.
However, another low point of the meal was the sake.
Granted, it was only house sake, but it was some of the worst sake I've tasted!
It reminded me of leftover boiled rice water.
But it seemed like other people were quite pleased with their meals for the most part, and I wouldn't be opposed to coming here again.

i've been here a couple times now, and i'd say that it is consistently good.
not great, not fantastic, just good.
last night i shared the following:   - edamame beans - i'm so obsessed with edamame, it's ridiculous.
these were overcooked, but because i love them so much, i stil enjoyed them.
good portion size too, although for £4.50 you'd expect that!
- salmon sashimi - mmmm SOOOOO good.
the menu said 5 pieces, but they gave us 6, which is probably because we were splitting between 2. i thought this was a nice touch.
- dragon roll - so well presented and really delicious.
i think at £13.50 maybe a little steep, but i guess you are paying for the presentation as well.
certainly not the best sushi i've ever eaten, but it tasted fresh and looked good.
- prawn tempura - i wouldn't normally go for tempura, but my dining partner wanted some, so order it we did.
it was delicious!
tempura can be so greasy, but this wasn't so bad, and again, beautifully presented.
i'd come back here if i was in the area and it was convenient, otherwise i'd probably go elsewhere when i fancy sushi (which is often!

Yay!
Finally!
I have found my favourite sushi spot in Edinburgh.
And in particular my new favourite lunchtime eating-out option: the sashimi salad.
I have been on a mission to find good sushi in Edinburgh.
It's not that the others I have tried have been bad per se, they've just been 'A-Ok' as Yelp ratings put it, and sometimes all a little samey.
Same menu, same options.
Yes, sushi is a repetitive format and when done ok it's perfectly acceptable.
No.1 Sushi Bar still had all the regular offerings but a few wee different things that made it stand out.
As mentioned, the sashimi salad in the starters section.
I was um-ing and ah-ing over all the main sashimi options (5 pieces each) and was going to go for tuna, but then was thinking "oh but I want salmon" then flicking to the sushi platters - but I didn't want too much rice.
And lo, on the starters menu there was the sashimi salad.
Sushi servings are small and I was dubious that a starter sushi portion would be tiny.
But (see uploaded photo) it was plentiful.
3 prawns, tuna, salmon, roe, crab, avocado, an oil free wasabi-flavoured dressing, and a lot of salad leaves.
It was delicious and filling and just...yum.
Other wee diffferences: they had eel california rolls which pleased me and the boy greatly as we both wanted eel but didn't want the eel main and the eel nigiri was a little pricey (£4 for 2 pieces).
In fact, that's the only down-side.
It is quite expensive, as the other reviewers have mentioned.
Well, the nigiri was quite pricey.
But the salad I had felt like good value and I think any of the sushi rolls (6 pieces) would probably be more filling too.
Just choose wisely.
It's fresh, the menu is varied, I've only been once and I already have a favourite I'll order time and time again.
I'll be sashay-ing over here every time I want to get my sushi on for sure.

Midway into my 3 week stent in Dunfermline on business travel, I found myself drowning in a sea of haggis & lamb shank pies.
My palate needed a break.
Upon fellow yelper recommendations, I made the 45 minute drive to Edinburgh, ponied up for parking, and made my way to the No.
1 Sushi Bar & Restaurant.
I was greeted by a smiling and friendly staff on this Wednesday night.
Luck was on my side.
Seats for 1 abound; albeit in the far corner of the restaurant.
I ordered a combination sashimi & sushi set (#90 if you must know).
AND a set of California rolls.
Piggie was hungry.
A piping hot bowl of miso soup and an ice cold Sapporo were served while I waited on my first set of deliciousness.
Miso was just right and texture was superb.
I suppose the shop made adjustments to the 'way too watery' previous versions before my arrival.
The California rolls were popping with flavor and I was in heaven.
No more than a few moments after I finished and the table was cleared, the second set came.
I was actually a little full, but I knew I might not make the trek for sushi that often, so live it up I did!
So I again was delighted by the freshness of the sashimi, the texture of the clam, and  the abundant color.
I was quite pleased.
Domo arigato gozimassu to kon Bon wa.

I had a cracking meal here on Saturday night and would definitely recommend this place.
The only other sushi place I've visited in Edinburgh is Bonsai, but I prefer this place for cost and ambiance.
I'm no Japanese food expert but I really enjoyed my meal here.
I have this preconceived notion that Japanese food will never fill me up and I therefore need to order tonnes of it.
Not the case at No1; I ordered waaaay too much food and couldn't finish it all.
There are loads and loads of menu options so we were spoilt for choice.
We went for starters of deep-fried bean curd and Japanese dumplings (the dumplings were brilliant), followed by a traditional ramen for me and teriaki chicken for the bloke, supplemented by 6 avocado rolls and 6 salmon rolls.
That's a lot of food for two people and it was very tasty.
Although it was great, we couldn't finish it all and I will know better for next time.
Portion sizes are ample so there's no need to go crazy with the menu.
Staff were very friendly and helpful.
We were even given a free bowl of ice cream to share because we had to move table (someone accidentally sat us at a pre-booked seat).
The place was very busy when we rolled up, and all the food I saw looked colourful and delicious.
You could also watch some of the chefs rolling the sushi, which kept me fixated for some time.
Two thumbs up.
Will definitely be back.

I love Japanese food and have been to most of the Japanese restaurants in Edinburgh, this one is my favourite.
The menu is extensive and the quality of the food is always good.
I'm particularly fond of the Tempura Prawn Roll and the Chicken Katsu Curry, both of which are excellent.
The restaurant has an excellent atmosphere and is always busy so booking ahead is well advised and I've always found the staff to be helpful and attentive.
Thoroughly recommended.

I haven't eaten here in over half a year, and in that time I've tried a few other places in Edina.
And so, I've had to knock off one star purely as there perhaps *are* places that serve slightly better sushi in a slightly nicer ambiance.
But it's still a 4 star review (by Edinburgh-sushi standards).
Anyone reading this should know that sushi in Edinburgh is not on a par to sushi in Australia / California.
Sorry to disappoint, but its not.
So as far as Edinburgh sushi goes, No 1 Sushi Bar is definitely one of the better places.
It has a nice menu, big with lots of choice, portion sizes are generous, the sushi is fresh and well-made.
In terms of ambiance it's definitely laid back and good for lunches, or group dinners with friends - maybe not best suited to a date night.
They'll also let you take away any leftovers in doggie bags.
Win!
I go for maki rolls, sashimi salad, miso soup or the set menus most times.
All delicious!
It's standard price for sushi.
You're looking to pay £10 for an average lunch I'd say.
I'd definitely come again but I have to be honest and say it's no longer my No 1 in Edinburgh

Hadn't been in here for a while but had dinner mid-week a couple of weeks ago and it was as tasty and well priced as I remembered, even managed a miso soup on the house somehow.
Definitely one of the better additions to the Edinburgh sushi scene.

Four stars coz -I been there that many times they recognise me -You get to eat sitting comfortably without being sardines -Pretty good food, portion size and price -Location easy to reach -Great service Not five stars coz -could do better with some decor  -this only applies to the sushi rice itself Kanpais rice is better just slightly  My favourite location for sushi.
I dont drive so getting to many places aren't as easy.
But the bus stops just a few steps from No.1.
(yay)   Big menu many choices.
Their makis are delicious very generous in portions not the high rice ratio ones.. Skewers...ox tongue.
.mmmmmm...always a yes for me... Now what make them so special for me is their Ramen and Udon.
Most of the Japanese restaurant sell their Ramen or udon in miso base..meaning the stock is made with miso..not a huge fan when it comes to my lovely noodlies...and no.1 they have shoyu meaning soy sauce base for udon.
And its excellent.
There is only one other japanese restaurant in Haymaket ( begins with H ) does the shoyu base stock...and it was not good.
My sharing friend had to finish the whole bowl after me having my share of it...one spoon of stock....haha..
So to sum up Probably not everyone's top choice for Japanese food in Edinburgh.
But for me.
It ticks all the boxes for me plus its very convenient.
You will be my number one....*sing along*....cheesy tune....

Found this place near my hostel so decided to give it a try.
I had katsudon, which came with miso soup.
The soup was alright, not as good as homemade ones.
The katsudon itself was decent, pretty big and with enough meat and rice.
Nice service.

