He's great at his craft, but he has such a dismissive, I don't give a hoot attitude.
He's in and out with you so fast......you almost can't remember being seen!
Not very  personable either.
Yikes!

If I could give zero stars, I would.
He recommended I get two separate jaw surgeries (upper and lower), and only performs these surgeries in an expensive hospital.
During my consultation, he was snarky and made me feel like my teeth and bite were the worst he had ever seen.
Is that really how you should treat a prospective patient who is making the brave decision to explore this very involved and costly procedure?
Atrocious bedside manner, and it appears from the previous reviews that my opinion in this respect is fully corroborated.
Speaking of reviews:  there appears to have been three reviews by a "Steven S." that were removed for violations of Yelp's Content Guidelines:  could this be THE Dr. Steven Saxe whose comments were removed due to the violation of Yelp's guideline that a business can't review its own business?
Well, I shouldn't engage in speculation but given his ego, this wouldn't  surprise me.
Perhaps if he treated people with respect, he would get great reviews from actual patients without resorting to artificially inflating his overall review score, which is embarrassingly low.
Oh well, can't fault a guy for trying, right?
He even re-posted his review by posting under "Steve S.", in an obvious attempt to circumvent Yelp's Content Guidelines, which for some reason hasn't been removed...yet.
Sad.
But I digress.
Additionally, when I tried calling his office later to ask him whether he would provide a "gap exception" to my insurance company in the hopes of my getting my orthognathic surgery covered in network for my out of out-of-network surgeon (a different surgeon), I wasn't even provided the courtesy of a phone call back, whether it was to say yes or no, despite his receptionist's repeats assurances he or she would call me back.
I even offered to compensate him a reasonable rate for his time in contacting my insurance company!
So unprofessional.
Flash forward almost 18 months later, I have had upper jaw surgery only in my oral surgeon's fully-accredited office suite, which saved me thousands upon thousands of dollars.
Turns out lower jaw surgery was not recommended by either my orthodontist or oral surgeon, and my results are astounding.
So not only did I save a fortune, my results couldn't have been better and I avoided an unnecessary second surgery.
So pleased I went with my gut and stayed far away from Steven Saxe.
Bottom line:  if you need oral surgery, look elsewhere.
Or better yet, see Dr. Johnson at Nevada Oral Facial Surgery where he and his staff will treat you like family and not just another body/dollar sign.

This review is for my consultation I had today.
From the start of the appointment process everyone has been extremely welcoming, friendly and efficient.
The reviews for this place really baffle me.
How someone could think Dr. Saxe isn't personable is beyond me.
Yes he is to the point and brutally honest but that is his job.
He's not there to hang out with, he is there to do an amazing pain free job.
Funny thing is after my appointment I met up with a good friend and mentioned my consultation to her.
I found out today she went to Dr. Saxe last year for her wisdom teeth and highly recommends him!
All the girls that work there are very sweet.
His dental assistant Cynthia (I think) was so caring and explained all the forms to me.
Deborah who works up front was so helpful and understanding with my previous nightmare at my first consultation at another practice.
The benefits coordinator is AWESOME!
This office "keeps it real" no bait and switch.
You know what you are getting and total cost before you leave.
I will update after my procedure  but I know it will be 5 stars.

The office staff here is horrible.
If I could give the office 0 stars, I would.
His office staff accused us of lying on the phone on two separate calls regarding our balance.
I would not recommend this doctor to anyone unless you desire to be treated like a criminal.
Their top priority is money while it should be prime patient care.
I sent a letter to the doctor directly regarding the malicious treatment; he has not replied in over a month.

I had my extractions yesterday 7/14/2014 and once again 5 star service.
Dr. Saxe and staff are aware of my fears and through the whole procedure Dr. Saxe and Cynthia his nurse were coaching me along, telling me I'm a great patient and letting me know how easy the extractions were going.
Even though I was basically gassing them because I couldn't coordinate breathing out through my nose (sorry) they were so kind and understanding.
If at anytime I felt pain I was to raise my left hand and he would inject more or try at a different angle.
He stitched me up, gave me instructions and today he personally called me to make sure I was doing ok.
I didn't even know there were any doctors left who still have that personal touch.
His bedside manner is great.
I will recommend all of my friends to take their children to see him when it's time for their wisdom teeth.
I also find it awesome that his brothers are also doctors in the dental field.
Family is very important to me so I instantly got a good vibe when I saw how close his was.
If I had more teeth to be pulled I would return so instead I'll recommend his services to others.

