OK - when it comes to haircuts, I'm pretty much low hanging fruit.
The one who I entrust to this endeavor is MaChelle who is always cheerful, delightful and actually seems to love what she does and though I think she does it very well, I'm not the most critical recipient of hair cuts.
When my ex-wife asks me when I'm planning to get a hair cut just a week or so after I've had it cut, I know MaChelle gets me.
What can I say...I'm a child of the 60's

Topher Lewis is arguably  the best stylist in Phoenix.
Currently, he rents his space at Salon 7.
Topher works on prominent sets in the Hollywood, CA market, but visits the Valley of the Sun, monthly, to keep his local clients in good shape.
As a local Phoenix actor, I have to be in top shape at the drop of a hat.
When it comes to my hair, I trust only Topher with the task.

Colleen is the best!
I have never been so happy with my hair.
Unlike stylists at other salons, Colleen really listens to what you want for your hair.
And not only does she listen to what you want, she gives you exactly what you ask for!
It's not easy for me to trust just any hair stylist, but now that I've found Colleen I will never see anyone else!

My hairdresser (Ginger - the only person I trust with my hair) recently moved over to this salon and I LOVE it.
Such a darling little space.
Set up like a classic barber shop but completely made over and modern.

Alyssa has been cutting my hair and my husband's for almost five years now.
We love going to her.
She is a wonderful person and does a great job!
She is creative and knows what looks good on each of us.
I highly recommend her.
She also has a great reputation in the valley for her hair coloring!

I've been going here for a few years.
I've seen the shop grow under Alyssa's vision, she is the owner.
Ever time I go in there something new and funky has made an appearance.
She loves pulling finds out from dark corners of retro stores and incorporating it into the space.
She has chosen to use Kevin Murphy products and I think that they have some of the best hair products.

I don't know if you've noticed how great my hair is....JayKay, y'all I totally know you've noticed.
Maybe you've heard me talk about Ginger: Patron Saint of the Shears, Goddess of Tresses, Blowdrying Badass, Tamer of Cowlicks, My Mane Squeeze.
Best stylist I have ever had hands down and she works at Salon 7 now.
Salon 7 is cute as hell too.
There's a Vespa in the window.
I mean it when I say "go see Ginger.
" She takes her time, goes over what works and doesn't, explains styling methods and options all while being entertaining as shit and hot like an oven.
Your hair... it's ok... but Ginger will make you FABULOUS.

This place is my JAM!
I have thick curly hair and it's hard to find anyone to cut it right.
Alyssa listens to  what I want and gets it right EVERY TIME!!
I'm a snow bird and literally fly back in the the summer just to get it cut by her.
The space itself is cozy with lots of character.
I don't like big chain looking salons so her place is perfect.

Ginger Cluff is a superstar!
I came to Salon 7 because she moved there from Hair Pollution and I will never have another stylist as long as I am living in AZ.
She is the rocking-ist hairstyling maven of the world!
Salon 7 is awesome too and the owner there is super cool.
They have a cappuccino maker and a Vespa in the window!
Just GO!

Ginger has been my go-to hair guru since I moved to Phoenix.
Love her.
Love what she does to my hair.

I had very long hair and Ginger talked me into to cutting it into a short bob.
The results were amazing and I felt like a completely different person.
She since has become my go- to in all my bad hair days, with the exception of a couple of bad decisions made with my own pair of shears.
(Sorry, Ginger) I plan on keeping her as my stylist as long as I have hair on my head.
Highly recommended!!

Ginger is an amazing hair stylist and eyebrow specialist.
I found her two years ago after moving to Phoenix and have not looked back.
She is the only person I trust to cut my mohawk and wax my eyebrows.
She talks out different hair color options with me and always makes sure I am happy before I leave the salon.
She is friendly, relaxed, and professional.
I have referred my friends to her.
See her!
You won't regret it.

There's a reason Ginger is in my phone as The Hair Goddess.
My thick, curly locks are always in good hands when Ginger's behind the chair.
Her color treatments are rad, her portfolio is amazing, and she always helps me find the hair to make me feel excited to wake up.
P.S.
She gives killer scalp massages.

I've been going to salon 7 for roughly a year now if not more.
My hairdresser (Ginger) moved there and I followed her when she did.
The Salon itself is very cute and the girls that work there, the ones I've met so far, are nice and friendly.
Ginger is my go to girl for anything with my hair.
I'm not one of those easy clients that come in knowing exacting what I want, using the proper lingo, and pictures in hand.
I'm the client that has no idea what the lingo is or what it means.
I make up words when trying to describe what I'm thinking.
And even then I'm not always set in stone on an idea.
Ginger is like the hair wisperer.
She is able to some how decode my garble and give me exactly what I want/need without knowing it myself.
Seriously go check out Ginger!

Alyssa is the best stylist I've been to, period.
I LOVE how my hair looks every time I walk out of the salon and I'm able to use techniques I learn from her to keep my hair looking great between visits.
The shop itself is very inviting, the products (Kevin Murphy, Davines) are some of my favorites (if you don't have Oi oil, get some now!
) and Alyssa is not only a hair genius, she's a cool chick too.

After meeting a girl with a great short haircut and asking for her hair dresser I gave Alyssa a try last week and couldn't be happier.
She really listened to what I had in mind and took her time to get it just right.
She also gave me great tips on how to style it.
I'll be back next week for color.

Although I keep my hair simple, it is still hard to find someone to maintain it!
Ginger is amazing and is able to listen to what I like and still give my cut a spin of her own.
Ginger is flexible with her schedule which is great for a mom with 2 under 2!
I'm so happy I found her!

