Chain chain, go away, come again another day.
Chain chain, go away, come again another day.
Ok so, as far as chains go, this place is OKAY.
Eh, yeah...okay.
I've definitely had better.
The salsa and chips they give you in the beginning are good.
And that's a star right there.
Free salsa and chips that are tasty are extremely important.
Yum.
But then here comes the food.
I got some kind of chicken fajita (FA JIYE-TA?!
) that didn't have much flavor or zest to it despite being grilled chicken in onions.
Try burger king style chicken among some chopped tomatoes and terrible guacamole.
NO!
NO!
SAVE ME!
Granted, the stuff my sister got, the chicken enchiladas, were much better than what I ordered.
That's either a signal that you shouldn't order from the healthy side of the menu (which I did) or you should have the taste buds of my sister.
That's your choice.
Dessert was a saving grace, some kind of caramel chocolate empanadas with ice cream that really made the meal better.
Well, it at least made me forget what I ate, until now.

Went here wit my BB- We had fresh chips & salsa and it was on point...We had the tacos platter wit different meats n each taco...it was aight...But the drinks and the chips & salsa were it...Might do a repeat jus 4 the drinks, chips & salsa...The food...Eh, prolly gotta try sumthin different next time around...

If you want a good Margarita you will love this place and their Guac live is really good too....I agree with the other the food needs some help but if you like Margarita's and Chips and Salsa this is the place to go...

I have been to this restaurant on two different occasions.
The first time was good enough.
Fine food, not great, but good.
The second time we went, we had to leave before even getting chips because of the awful odor.
It smelled like their sewer lines were backed up.
Not good.

The food was good.
Not the best and I certainly expected more than three shrimp in something called 'Ultimate', but good enough to go back again if that were the only consideration.
The service was some of the worst I've ever seen.
After waiting outside on the patio with three kids for fifteen minutes, I was forced to go inside and find two menus.
After another ten minutes I went in again and asked the bartender, who'd been outside several times, if I needed to order through her.
She said that she would let our server know someone was outside.
(like it was possible to hide three kids and two adults).
Our server was nice enough but no where near attentive.
We (4/5 of us) sat for some time with empty drinks.
We had to flag him down only to wait another twenty minutes for a box and the check.
To be fair, they were busy, but that's no excuse to attend to the tables around us and not at least check in.
I probably won't go again.
(He's lucky my wife left the tip)

My first time at On the Border and it easily fit into the cliché that a chain is chain.
The place was clean upon entering and my buddy and I headed straight for the happy hour at the bar.
Everyday On the Border features a "themed" happy hour ( ex.
Tijuana Tuesday).
For the theme; different drinks are discounted and a few apps are half priced.
We went with a pair of Margaritas (pre machine blended) and some steak nachos.
Everything was great, however, the nachos were individually made so they were all covered in toppings, but were limited to ten chips on the plate.
Regardless, I would definitely love to check out Modelo Mondays or any of their other happy hours soon.

I've been here on three separate occasions.
The first time I visited, the place was absolutely marginal.
As I was eating I'm thinking to myself, "Yes, I'm eating a burrito...but I don't know why it doesn't taste as good as, say, Taco Bell.
"  The second and third visits to this place were work related, and I wasn't the one driving or deciding on lunch, so I didn't have much choice.
And I kept thinking the same thing that I thought on the first visit: Why isn't this as good as Taco Bell?
If I give a place one star, that means I'll pretty much have to be dragged unconscious to the establishment in order for me to step back inside.
Yes, I do think Taco Bell is better than this place (especially when it comes to price), but I'm not going to throw a fit if somebody else is footing the bill.

The best enchiladas.
The sour cream sauce is unique for Mexican food.
Great service.
Join the club and get great coupons via email.

Justin W. was not joking when you walk in your hit with a bad odor kind of like a dirty mop water odor.
This place is true to it's name it's like a Tijuana out house meets taco bell and has a love child

The first time I ate here was when it first opened a few years ago, I decided to go back and I wish I didnt.
The service was mediocre, not great but definitely not bad.
The food was horrible.
You would think that getting your food 5 minutes after you order it sounds like a dream, when in fact, its not.
Everything seemed to be heated over, if it was heated at all.
The food had cold spots and just looked unappetizing.
My boyfriend ordered his plate with black beans, and got what seemed to be red ones?
I ordered a enchilada and taco combo plate.
They didnt include sour cream or guacamole so I ordered some one the side and they had the nerve to charge me almost a dollar for each.
I know in most Mexican restaurants those condiments come standard with the meal.
We ordered two entrees and two iced tea's and our bill came out to be almost $35 without tip.
I will definitely not go back and not recommend this place.
Too pricey for bad quality.

Returned back to On the Border for some taco Tuesday madness.
I personally believe that the service at On the Border is subpar due to the fact it's associated with Chili's and I've never seen over-the-top service at your local Applebees, Friday's, Chili's, etc.
However, you don't go to these places for the service you go for the price; so "you get what you pay for

The food is OK, but what do you expect for a chain restaurant.
The enchilada sauce tasted like it came out of a can.

I think the only thing I can say I am guilty to like is their empanadas and cheese sauce but how to you eff up fried dough stuffed with meat and some melted cheese?
I came because I'm hella bored with the foods around the house that I frequent and we haven't stepped into a On the Border for a while.
Big mistake.
Look now I can't quite possibly prove that my cousin did not give me a stomach flu the night before with his BBQ, but no one else is sick.
Yes, I wasn't feeling great before eating, but it was mostly related to being hungry.
I was in pain a few hours after and was throwing up and riding the porcelain bus so frequently that I wish I had a padded toilet seat.
It's day two and I haven't eaten and I'm just sipping on pediatric electrolyte....Slowly, because drinking too much causes severe pains.
This place is no bueno!

For the most part I like this place.
The food is decent and with one exception (more on that later) I've gotten good service here.
Some of the specials in the bar area (like the $1 taco Tuesdays) are hard to beat.
One disappointing thing is that they charge for sopapillas, which many Mexican restaurants provide free.
If you sign up for their e-mail list you get some nice discounts.
About the one exception: We went to the bar area for taco Tuesday.
My wife had just been for an eye examination and her eyes were dilated.
The seater put us at a table where the sun was shining directly in her face.
I asked our waiter if he would please close the sun shade.
He said sarcastically "I would make the sun go down if I could", and walked away from the table.
He never closed the sun shade.
Throughout the meal he acted as though it was an imposition to wait on us, while he seemed to have plenty of time for other people (apparently friends of his).
Afterward I sent a letter to the general manager complaining about this unacceptable treatment, but I never got a courtesy reply or even an apology.
Fortunately poor service is the exception (most of OTB's people work hard to please their customers), but this bears mentioning.
This employee still works at the restaurant.

Have been too  this "chain" restarurant eons ago, and have stayed away from it since coming to vegas 8 yrs ago.
Well last nite gave in a re-visited it.
Well in 10 plus years they have made some major improvements in their menu.
I was amazed .
Have no doubt some of the standard items probably taste like they came out of a can.
However the salads were great, gucuamole was fresh, helped w/ a twist of lemon.
Chicken dishes are varied.
Price is good, much better than a competitor down the street I won't mention (intials LM).
Can't comment on the table service, since we ate at the bar.
Bar service was very good.
Desserts...hummm a yogurt place has just opened across the street...head for it...For dinner give this place a try.

Well, I've been here a number of times over the years and I have to say that unfortunately, this will probably be our last.
The g/f and I went there to enjoy their Loaded Carne asada tacos.
They were not what they used to be, but still good nonetheless.
That's about all that I can say was good about the experience.
The Refried beans were gross (they tasted slightly sour) and the same for the rice which also tasted old.
The service was near the bottom of all experiences I've had.
Not the worse, but pretty bad.
Never offered a refill on my beer.
My g/f was never offered  a refill on her water.
Both of us had empty glasses before we finished our meal.
They were still empty when we left.
The worse part was how they served us food and failed to bring out utensils.
I asked the waitress who brought the food for utensil and she was never to be seen again!
So after about 3 minutes of waiting I asked another waitress.
She came back after a few minutes with utensils.
So we were able to enjoy our meal 5 MINUTES AFTER IT ARRIVED.
No bueno!
So we are trying to enjoy our meal and the table next to us experience the same thing...  but only worse.
They get their food and no utensils, so they ask the waitress for some and she says, she will get them.
She then walks over to the register and works on fixing some orders.
Now mind you the people who asked her for the utensils can clearly see that the waitress was not getting them because she was 5 feet from their table.
After waiting 5 minutes themselves with their food in front of them and the waitress they originally asked for them, they finally ask another waitress for the utensils.
They still had to wait another few minutes.
I can only imagine how cold their food was.
About a minute later, I saw a woman waiting by the bar who appeared irritated.
She waited for about 3 minutes and not a single waitress or bar tender was in sight.
She then went to the hostess at the front entrance.
What was she upset about...  She had her food WITHOUT ANY UTENSILS.
This is a restaurant for crying out loud!
By this point, I'm pissed off that what we experienced was very similar to what others were experiencing, so this seemed to be the norm, rather than a one time thing that a simple apology would do.
The waitresses disdain for each other was clearly evident as well.
Maybe I would have enjoyed my experience and would have remembered and cared less if I was drunk...
But I wasn't offered another beer!
So they have no one to blame, but themselves for this scathing review.

One of the few places in Vegas I can go to and enjoy Tex-Mex.
Having grown up in Fort Worth, I prefer Tex-Mex to Cali-Mex, and OTB has a great menu that reminds me of home.
I especially enjoy their empanadas, their salsa, and the flautas, but just about everything on the menu is great.

One word for this place.... blech.
I'm not too proud to admit I've been here a few times (for some reason my husband used to like to go here...), and every time has been disappointing at best.
The service at this particular location is just AWFUL.
So awful, in fact, that we had a whole meal for three comped once after the food took over 45 minutes to arrive after ordering.
Then there's the issue of the really greasy, low-quality food that always leaves me with a tummy ache.
YUCK.
I honestly can't think of anything good to say about OTB.
Sorry.

In general, overpriced and underwhelming: I was excited to try OTB, having heard decent things about it from others, plus I had a $25 gift certificate so I figured it would be a pretty cheap dinner.
About 30 minutes before we got there, there was an ad on TV for their "endless enchiladas" so we figured it would be a good day for our first try.
When we arrived, we were seated pretty much right away.
My children were given a page from a coloring book with two crayons each.
Unfortunately, my daughter received a gray crayon and a white crayon, impossible to color with.
We asked for other crayons but, no go, so she complained about that through most of the meal.
Our waitress came up and apologized, letting us know she was the only one working that day.
She was the only great thing about our experience, as she must have been working her tail off, and still managed to be relatively attentive and prompt.
We ordered two kids meals, the lunch portion of the fajitas, and I tried to order the endless enchiladas, but was told they were no longer running that special, even though the ads were still running.
I ordered the enchiladas combo plate for $1 more than the endless.
They gave us tons of chips and salsa, which was OK.
The chips were fresh and the salsa was spicy, but pretty watery.
When we got our food, it was pretty disappointing.
Very bland, chain-y, nothing thrilling, and not very pleasant textures.
The kids' nachos were just about 6 chips covered in melted cheese, no meat or anything at all to go with them.
The enchiladas didn't seem like they had real tortillas on them, more of a thinly rolled pasta texture.
The bill was the most disappointing part - it cost $7.50 plus tax/tip to get my son's kids meal, which consisted of a handful of chicken nuggets, some refried beans and a "chocolate" milk that was still white.
We paid about $50 for lunch portions of pretty bad food, and not even enough to have leftovers the next day.
Not at all worth it.
I won't be going back unless someone else is paying and really wants to go.

The previous reviews that mention the service problems are absolutely correct, it is horrible.
We have visited this restaurant several times over the last few years and it has really gone downhill.
You very rarely see a waiter even when the dining room is practically empty.
Yesterday we went for a late lunch and were seated right away in a booth.
There were three tables in the entire place that were occupied by a total of 7 people.
We sat, looked at the menus, and waited...and waited....and waited...and got up and left.
10 mins is my max time in an empty restaurant without seeing a server.
That will be out last visit, too bad, I thought the food was ok for a chain restaurant.

This place was amazing in Texas and is just as amazing in Las Vegas.
I am SO SAD this is the only one in the ENTIRE valley -- where is the South Vegas love, guys?!
Yes, I have made the drive JUST to eat at this place.
And that's almost an hour.
I would drive further if need be.
Sadly, because of said drive, I can't go here as often as I like... but maybe that's better because I'd be super-broke.
Every single visit I have made here (about a handful?
) has been epic.
The servers we have gotten each time are extremely awesome, helpful, and always have crazy great personalities.
They seem to genuinely love their job.
Wow!
The food is just as good as it was in Texas.
Scratch that... GREAT.
Guacamole Live is a staple of my OTB ordering.
I cannot visit here and NOT order it, even if I end up ordering other things.
Margaritas?
Awesome and HUGE (and taste like they get extra shots in 'em...whee!
), the beans are awesome (and I'm not crazy about beans), their homemade chips are GREAT (ask for a to-go bag of them -- you can reheat them to their cooked perfection with the special bags!
) and pretty much anything else I have ordered is stellar.
Carne asada tacos, queso, quesadillas, you name it -- they rock it.
I wish I could teleport here at will -- then I would give it 6 stars.
-;)

This was a miserable little place.
After hiking up at Red Rock for 4.5 miles I was in no mood to fix dinner.
To our delight we passed this place on the way home.
We used to LOVE eating at OTB back in CO.
But alas, this was no where near what we were used to.
We were seated right away, but the place wasn't busy.
Our waiter seemed to have great potential but that was just an illusion.
I got my food and it was wrong.
Waiter took it back immediately and brought it back out in about 10 min.
So, I sat there eating chips while the rest (5) of my party ate their dinner.
Yay!
Finally my meal is here.
But wait.
What is this?
It's wrong, yet again.
It's just enchiladas...how can you get these wrong...twice?
I didn't feel like messing with it so I ate it...with no enjoyment.
The food was horrible and bland.
This is not what I remembered from CO.    Well, as we suck down our beverages the waiter HEISTS my brother's empty root beer glass for a refill.
Yes, he took it to refill it and NEVER brought it back until 20 min when something was said.
Then my husband and I wait for water refills which never came until we asked for it.
And my poor niece, wanting a strawberry lemonade...never got it...but we were charged for it.
Of course, the hubby made sure the $1.59 lemonade was removed.
We were all speechless.
Normally, we would've spoken to a manager but it was decided that we will NEVER come back to this place.
So, it wasn't worth the effort.
Overpriced/bland food, lousy waiter, and drink robbers!
No, sir.
You can keep this establishment for yourself.

Pretty good place!
I like the fish tacos and the huge watermelon margarita the best!
They also have really good enchiladas.
Yum.

Notice the mixed reviews from all the Yelpers?
Well this is a mixed-experience place.
You would have to come here wanting Mexican food (Tex-mex to be precise - authentic Mexican food isn't served here), but not expecting to be amazed.
And then they will either delightfully surprise you, or let you down completely.
Me and the hubby-wubby-kins have eaten her on date night too many time to count.
We first started coming here when we were dating for their $1 Tijuana Tuesday deal.
If you sit in the bar area you will be served $1 tacos all you want all night long.
Then they have drink specials (we only ever order margaritas, but they have bucket-o-beer specials too) unti 7pm.
This is a fantastic deal - you get to choose between chicken, ground beef, or shredded beef and crunchy or soft shell.
Free chips and salsa to boot.
However, service is hit-and-miss in the entire restaurant and you take an extra risk on such a busy night in the bar area.
Was it worth it for the tacos?
Hell yes.
After frequenting this place every Tuesday while pregnant with my first son, we discovered their Thirsty Thursdays.
Premium tacos for only $2 until 7pm with drink specials (strawberry margaritas are only $2 also - a supreme favorite of ours).
You can choose between beef brisket (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - who knew I would like barbeque sauce on a taco???
), chipotle chicken, or carne asada (tex-mex.
tex-mex.
tex-mex.
not REAL carne asada - so don't get your hopes up).
Also an amazing deal.
Since they're less busy on Thursdays, this isn't a bad gamble.
Once we did have to sit without drinks for about 20 minutes, but I can let that slide.
They're not getting a 5 star rating.
I've eaten in the regular restaurant, and I wouldn't go back to this place if they didn't have the specials in the bar area.
The food is overpriced and often bland, though I did get a salad once that I thought was tasty.
The service is mediocre at best and for some reason they're super popular "Guacamole Live" appetizer (where they make it fresh tableside) has been "unavailable" both times I've eaten in the restaurant and wanted it.
If you're looking for a cheap, satisfying dinner Tex-mex style, come here and sit in the bar for their specials.
Otherwise, you might be disappointed.

One thing I know for sure: I am definitely NOT 'On the Border' about this place and I am a big believer in second chances when on the fence.
My spouse and I got $200 worth of Chili's gift cards for Christmas and after quickly getting tired of their offerings decided to try some of the other places that take their gift cards.
After all, we weren't paying for it out of own pockets so taking a chance on new place could be fun.
On the Border was one of the places that took the gift card so I looked up their menu on-line and thought it sounded promising.
So off we went with empty stomachs and high hopes of finding another great location in our neck of the woods.
We were initially pleased with the decor and cleanliness.
It was around 8:30 so it wasn't too crowded - maybe 25 cars in the lot.
In fact we were the only ones originally seated in our area (most of the other people were in the Cantina area.
) I am wondering if this accounts for the poor service we received.
Our drink orders (water) were taken and we were given a basket of overly salted chips and salsa while we looked over the menus.
Our water glasses came about 10 minutes later when we were ready to order.
I immediately drank the whole thing while the server was still there and remarked how thirsty the salty chips made me and requested a refill.
They were running an 'All-You-Can-Eat-Enchilada' special so we decided to try that.
I took one bite of my beef enchilada and decided that was ALL I could eat!
Admittedly my spouse's cheese and onion was slightly better but he agreed that he'd never order them again.
The rice and beans that accompanied them were edible but still in the 'meh' category.
Our server checked on us once to see if we were ready for another serving (no thanks!
) Our water glasses were never refilled so I had to resort to the water bottle in my purse.
We decided not to waste any more of our gift certificate on dessert.
NOTE: It surprises me that in a service-driven economy like that of Las Vegas which is suffering from high levels of unemployment, that some servers who are fortunate to still have work don't apply themselves more to making their guest's experience a good one.
I am a highly generous tipper when I get superior service, even when I didn't love my meal.
Furthermore, because the unemployment here is so high, these food industries should have the pick of the crop when hiring and training employees so there is no excuse for poor service regardless of the poor meal.

I really like OTB.
No matter where you get it (I travel alot) it's consistent and tastes good.
This OTB location is no different and in Vegas it is the only one I know of.
Always go with the Ranchiladas.
Nice, juicy steak, cheese enchiladas and beans and rice.
All you can eat salsa and chips is also great.
Top it off with a Kahlua ice cream pie..... yum.......

Not gonna lie....I go here for their large house margaritas that are priced pretty good and eat chips and salsa.
the food here is typical Chile's chain food (pretty sure same company owns em) so I dont call it mexican food my any means.
So if you wanna know of  the food....I will pass.
But always go for a few drinks and chips and salsa.

Remember when grown-ups would say things like, "If you can't think of anything nice to say, don't say anything"?
It wasn't the worst Tex-Mex I've ever had, and the service wasn't bad.
It's very expensive for what it is.
At half the price, I might've given them 2 stars.

The service was great but the food wasn't that good.
Nothing special!
Just OK!

Bad service, forgot two drinks gave us the wrong meal twice.
Food was bland worst OTB I've ever been to

Took 20 minutes to correct a mistake for my friend's order, then the waitress comes over and drops it on the table and goes "is it good THIS time?
" like it was our fault.
Right.
Additionally, the food aint even that great.
No way Jose

We ordered the make it at your table guacamole.
It tasted bland.
Needed garlic and salt.
I also ordered the mini steak tacos..
Very disappointed because the steak had no flavor.
It's like they slapped it on the grill and put it in the taco and that was it.
I expected some kind of flavor.
Overpriced food and disappointed because it was my first experience with them.. Service not that great either.

Food is good and close by, the service is so poor...
I don't think they offer training to their servers and staff.. Obviously the cooks have the training they need.
If I wanted good food and piss poor service I would have dinner with an angry ex

One of the best margaritas I have ever had.

I must say, I am confused by the negative reviews other people have posted about this On The Border location.
I have never had an issue with the service here and the food has always been amazing.
I was just there last night to take advantage of the cantina happy hour special on tacos.
I got one of each.
One BBQ beef brisket, one Southwest chicken and one carne asada.
Each was excellent.
The carne asada was the slightest bit pink which is just the way I like it.
It was so tender.
I had juices running down my arm.
The closer it gets to the elbow the better.
This made it about 1/3 of the way there.
The margarita I ordered, though served in a beer mug (shrug), was good.
It was refreshing.
The chips are thin and crisp.
The salsa is blended and a little bit soupy but with a mouthful of flavor, it matters very little.
I have had a few different enchiladas here.
I have seen some unique chili relleno's that you don't see anywhere else.
It is not just the standard cheese stuffed fried pepper.
The same can be said for the enchiladas.
They are not the standard boring fare you find at some other restaurants.
I love On The Border.
I have always been pleased with the food and service.
Perhaps that makes me the lucky one.

I haven't been to On the Boarder since probably 2002 at the location in Aliso Viejo, while I was out in Vegas we decided to give it a try.
We chose their 3 for $11.99.
Between the two of us, we purchased; House Salad, Chile Rellano, Chicken Tostada, Pork Tamale, Chicken Taco and cheese enchilada.
GROSS GROSS and MORE GROSS.
The chicken was dry, the red sauce was more like brown gross sauce.
The best thing was the salad, & the rellano hands down.
Rice was hard also.
Never going back.

Was looking forward to lunch here since it came highly recommended by a friend.
The place is clean and I was greeted properly at the door.
However, as a single, I was ushered toward the bar.
Pet peeve.
I spoke up and was shown to a booth.
Service was very slow at first and was told "Someone will be right with you!
"  No so.
Finally a polite server showed up.
Friendly AND a clean uniform.
Ordered Tortilla soup and two cheese enchaladas.
The soup was basically tasteless...more like hot water with a few chips in it.
Enchalads Ok, but nothing special.
For poor service and mediocore food I give it three stars.

Terrible food with lousy sevice.
It all started with cold chips and salsa that tasted like they had dumped a salt shaker in it so didn't have chips and salsa a staple in any mexican tex/mex restaurant.
Then I ordered port street tacos ....they were awful as were the beans and rice.
The avocado slice was slightly brown and the slice of lime looked like someone had taken a bite out of it.
There was NO flavor in anything and I mentioned that my napkin tasted better than the food .... the waitress ( or at least that was her title) must have heard me and told management because a guy comes to the table and asks how everything was so I  told him !!
He just replied OH...I also told him we would NEVER be back and he replied OH again.
Had I not been in the middle of moving and starving I would have left and gone to Panda Express right next door !!!
Trust me ....Taco Bell would have been much better !!!

I am a big fan of Taco Tuesday.
BUT thats about it.
Chips and salsa yum!
$1.25 tacos awsome.
However I have yet to find something that isnt fried or "heart attack on a plate".
Of all the times Ive been there for dinner I have clearly forgotten that I didnt like it the last time.
Stickin to Taco Tuesdays only....The shredded beef ones are the best!

When an On the Border opened in WA state where I used to live, we followed the herd and had a go.
It was delicious then, but this location is not great.
Our service was fine and the chips and salsa were good, but  our entrees were strange.
I ordered a three item combo because I was really hungry.
Mine came out  on two huge platters, one had of them had a chiles rellenos and nothing else .
The other platter had two items resting parallel to each other flanked by beans and rice.
Everything had a packaged, Campbell's soup taste to it.
I got a stuffed avocado that was obviously old.
I won't go into detail but everything else tasted like the crummy "mexican" food that was passable 30 years ago, now good Mexican food can be had almost anywhere else.
A better option is Leticia's Mexican Cocina.

Overall impression, It was good but I wouldn't drive all the way down to the other side of town for mexican food.
My bf and I both ordered from the 2-3 Combo plate section.
I ordered the Guacamole Tostados, Brisket Taco and Cheese & Onion Enchilada.
He ordered the Shredded Beef Enchilada, Chicken Empinada and Carnitas.
Food tasted pretty good.
I love anything with cheese so of course its good to me, haha.
There wasn't much of any service from our waitress.

There is nothing good about this place.
Well, perhaps the chips.
And Salsa.
Those might be alright, but they certainly aren't enough to make me go back.
Ever.
I ordered a cheese enchilada.
CHEESE darn it!
TWENTY minutes later I cut into my food to find chicken.
Vegetarian here.
I asked for cheese, thank you.
I was so mad I asked for a box and left.
I gave the food to my dad.
I didn't want to wait another twenty minutes for the correct order to come out.
No amount of chips and salsa could satisfy me.
Service, obviously, is not great.
They will give you the chips and salsa, which is pretty hot, and one drink.
Then they will make you wait, and eat your hot salsa.
Then, with a hot mouth, you will drink all of your drink.
And they make you wait, and wait, and wait, for a refill.
In the span of almost an hour, I got one refill.
One.

Very nice ambiance for a Mexican Restaurant.
Great selection of food and great tasting!
Chips and salsa "Some of the best Salsa I've had.
" It has just the right amount of kick!
The Cheese Queso is mouth watering.
I love hot and spicy and this is where it's at!!
Different, but just decent Tortilla Soup.
I'm a very picky Tortilla Soup eater lol.

The salsa is great, the food is great, the Loaded Queso is AMAZING!
Sign up for their loyalty program they send great specials all the time.
I drive 8 miles out of my way to eat here regularly and it's worth it.

Well worth the trip.
Military friendly.

I ordered a sizzler.
It came 30 min late and it was cold and undercooked.
Horrible service.
Will never go here again.

Good was hot and fast...
Sat in cantina section.
Kelly was our server and sucked.don't get her...

Drinks where good.
Food came out cold.
We left and went somewhere else this was a bust..

I ordered cheese enchiladas, they brought me chicken, I told her I wanted cheese, they brought me chicken AGAIN, and I never have and never will come back.
Don't think I need to say more.....

Horrible!
Service sucked.
Had to ask hostess to get a waiter.
Messed order up and 3 people got served before 4 order was put in.
Worst food ever!

absolutely horrible.
am I allowed to give this -15 stars?
terrible service, terrible food, terrible wait time.
all in all a terrible place.
don't go here!

On The Border...seriously sucks when it comes to service.
It's bad.
Very bad.
It's so bad a pack of Hollywood script writers couldn't dream up some of the mistakes I've seen made here.
But slap a bowl of salsa and hot chips in front of me and I almost forget that the waitress has been gone for 12 minutes and hasn't taken my order yet.
Set a big lunch plate or dinner plate down with a mix of tamales, enchiladas, and chile rellenos and it's gone before I know it.
I hate the service but when I'm at Ann & the 95 and hungry my car keeps finding it's way here.
And I have a hunch it will again, and again, and again.
3 stars...gotta drop a star as I'm not patient when it comes to slow service, and another star gets dropped because dang it, I wanted cheese enchiladas and cheese doesn't sound the same as chicken.
Yet I sure seem to get a lot of chicken when I go here.
Oh and the email sign up deal doesn't get you a free sopapilla until your next visit and they send a lot of email.

On the Border is akin to a burning ship doomed to sink.
I used to love this place... Used to.
Owned by the same owners as Chili's which also failing in Vegas.
We came here tonight for the Monday special (fajitas) and we left with me gagging not once but three times.
The chicken was of such poor quality it had more fat and gristle on it than a steak, I actually had to spit a mouthful of that junk into a napkin 3 times!
I used to give good reviews here...
I'm done with this place

This restaurant is great once in a while and they are open late.
It was average service and prices.
They have a few big screens if sports are your thing.

I agree with some of the reviews on here that the service is slow.
I will however tell you the food is delicious.
Tips to have a perfect dining experience HERE: 1) Relax, 2) Have a drink (or two) 3) Smile 4) Enjoy your company 5) Enjoy the flavors.
I am a total foodie and I eat out often at nice restaurants.
I love the food here and the price can't be beat.
All of the tortillas are made from scratch in house.
If you have kids- this place brings a perfect family night!
The kids meal/plates are huge and include a small ice cream sundae.
I bring my family here often and my children sculpt and then bake tortillas with the chefs.
If you are in no hurry, like catching up with old friends or family, go here, you will get great food at a great price.
I have several items I am addicted to- I love the Dos XX tacos (they have them on the happy hour menu for only 2.50- I just cant remember the day) The bartenders are AWESOME.
I have made friends with one particular gal and she is a hard working mother of 2.
The other bartenders I have met are kind, and they hook up the drinks (as long as you can give em a smile) Other items I highly recommend: My Fave: Dos XX Tacos!
Tortilla soup, Achiote chicken tacos, Southwest chicken tacos, Southwest & reg Carne Asada Steak Tacos, Fajita Quasadillas (chick or steak), Sizzling Apple Crisp and the Kahlua Ice Cream Pie.
Hope to see you there!

We tried On The Border for the first time this past weekend.
It was an okay overall.
The restaurant is designed cutely, the menu is pretty diverse with the regular Tex-Mex items and some things I haven't seen before.
I had a lunch combo of 3 items for $9.99.
The lunch combo is available everyday, including the weekends, which was a nice surprise.
It was a great deal because I got a ton of food for that amount.
I went with a bowl of chicken tortilla soup, beef empanadas, and the sour cream chicken enchiladas.
The sour cream enchiladas were definitely the winner of the trio.
My hubby got the carnitas burrito and it was tasty too.
The meals also came with rice and beans.
My kiddo got the kid's quesadilla and it was an awesome quesadilla too!
What really made our experience was our server Dennis.
He had some extra email coupons that he offered to share with us, so we ended up getting one meal free.
He also was really friendly, on top of drink refills, and quite helpful with out toddler.
Yeah for awesome service!
The place is nice for Tex-Mex food.
It isn't my go to joint, but it will be in our rotation of places to visit from time to time.
If you are planning on going, check out their email club for lots of freebies.
Our server said they are always sending free stuff out, so it s definitely worth it.

A letter going out to On the Border CEO Clark in todays snail mail.
August 21, 2013 Stephen V. Clark Chief Executive Officer On the Border Corporate Headquarters 2201 West Royal Lane Suite 240 Irving, TX 75063  Mr. Clark.
I thought I would write to you today to let you know that I have been a loyal customer of your restaurant chain for many years.
When I travel on business and get to my hotel I usually look to see if one of your On the Border restaurants is in the area and at least once a week I will wind up having dinner there or just hang out in the cantina for a while.
Most often on business trips I visit your outlet in Kennesaw Georgia where my company is located.
When I moved from Connecticut to North Las Vegas in the fall of 2011, I was pleasantly surprised to find one of your restaurants not far away in Centennial (5630 Centennial Center Blvd, Las Vegas, NV 89149).
I actually found out about this particular On the Border because I received an email from your corporate office regarding a free lunch for Veterans Day or Memorial Day 2012 (I can't recall exactly which one.
)  And this is where my problems with your organization began and why I will no longer visit your restaurants.
I went to the Centennial location for the advertised Veterans special; I sat down and asked for the Veterans Day menu and I was summarily told that this particular establishment does not follow corporates advertising and marketing campaigns.
I was not pleased, however, I still ate there that day.
The week of August 4th 2013 I took my son to your restaurant.
My son is 3 months shy of his 21st birthday and he is an active duty United States Marine (at the time on leave from Okinawa Japan.
) While here in the Las Vegas area, my son has never had an issue sitting in a restaurant cantina or bar as long as he is not consuming alcoholic beverages.
On this particular occasion we were going to order lunch while sitting in a booth along the windows as far away from the bar as possible.
It was not long before we were summarily kicked out of the cantina into the regular seating area.
I was informed that since he is not 21 he couldn't be in the cantina.
Well, it was annoying but if that's your corporate policy, I figured we would get over it.
At least twice a month my wife and I visit this location for Taco Tuesday.
The day before my son returned to his Okinawa unit (August 13, 2013), we returned to your Centennial location for $1.25 Taco Tuesday.
I walked in the restaurant and mentioned to the manager about what happened the week before, that we could not sit in the cantina, but we wanted Taco Tuesday.
He told us he could not serve us Taco Tuesday specials in the main restaurant and that since my son was not 21 and could not go in the cantina, he could not take advantage of the Tuesday special!
He wasn't very pleasant about it either.
After I gave your manager a piece of my mind, my son and I did an about face and ate at one of your competitors locations down the street (in their cantina no less!
)  As stated above, I will no longer visit any of your locations, local or otherwise.
Sincerely,

Went here to take my mom to lunch, just curious to try another tex mex restaurant...service was prompt, a bit slow but our service was nice and the complimentary chips/salsa was great.
The food was good, not something to go crazy about, my fish tacos were yum but I dunno why they couldn't serve it 1 grilled & 1 beer battered, it has to be either one :-/  but yeah, prices are little high but overall it was ok.

My hubby and I's first time..
Very impressed :) fast service, awesome food and great service!
We had a fabulous lunch

Horrible service along with over priced, horrible tasting food.
The only reason why we went there was because my children's school had a fundraiser and we wanted to support.
We will never return again.
The server dropped our plates on our table with a horrible look on his face and didn't say one word to us.
We had to beg for utensils and napkins well after our food was served.
It wasn't even busy the day we went.
Beans tasted like they came right out of the can and the rice was just gross.
The only thing decent was the chips and salsa.

Came here for lunch, very slow service .
Food came out cold .
Stay away .

Arrived just before 5pm.
Not many patrons at that time, we placed our order and waited, and waited for our meals.
After about 20 mins.
was told the order is coming up soon, another 5 mins.
later and it  finally came.
One dish was cold, and needed to be sent back, while I had the worst steak fajitas.
The beef?
had the softest texture to it like it had sat in water for 3 days, definitely not an enjoyable meal.
I had to eat my meal while the wife waited for hers to get re-heated.
All I can say is Adios "On The Border"  we're NEVER coming back !!!!

This place is just ok.
They serve the best beef chimichangas for my area.
I always sit at the bar or take my food to go.
The staff are nice.
And should I call in a order they do they best to fill it right the first time.
Great black beans/rice and they go down hill with the dips.
The cheese dips are not good at all.
It don't matter if u have it in the store or should u take it home.
Each time you go something is very good and something is very bad.
They often bring you dirty glasses.
That's just so not cute.
I'm in a good mood so 3 stars for them but look twice I may give them 2 stars.

Food is great, if you like waiting for 45 minutes for it.
There were three of us and its not like we ordered anything complicated either.
The server did aplolgize several times and offered us free dessert, which was also a waiting game as well.
I love the food there but thats about where it ends.

Used to be our favorite family restaurant.
Haven't been for a while.
The service has gone downhill.
Food is still delicious.
Had to get our own small plates and refills took a while.
Hoping they were just short staffed today.

We've been here before and liked it.
But this time, I was disappointed.
All four of our meals were wrong in some way, but we only brought my meal to the waiter's attention.
My burrito was steak, but should have been chicken.
When I told the waiter, he didn't apologize or offer to bring me a new dish, and didn't even comp it off our check.
Disappointing.

Expensive and not very tasty.
The chips and salsa are horrible.
We will never return...
Ever!
With Lindo Michoacan is down the street why did we ever stop here??

Went to an On The Border in California and it was awesome!
Gave this one a shot and it was not do good.
Food was pretty good.
A little over priced but good.
Service was so slow!
We waited 15 to be seated then 30 to get our food then 30 after we were done eating and waiting for the check!
All in all food is good but service is terrible!

Sunday night...
Sat in the bar.
One server.
Granted, she was hoppin', but when the food came out cold, and no one came to see how things were...  We had no choice but to just eat it.
I usually just go for chips and queso and now I know why...

The food here is delicious you just have to know what to order.
I recommend the asada tacos.
People complain that the restaurant is slow but in reality you just have to know when to come.
Mon-Friday it usually gets busy after 6.
I went at 5pm last week and I had a nice booth my food came quick and my server was very nice.
Around 6:15 this place got packed in the matter of minutes.
Well the margaritas here are great.
Very fair price.
The coronarita is also very good it's a margarita w/corona beer.
My very favorite thing about this place is definitely the chips and salsa.
My mouth waters looking at it.
Haha it's spicy but won't burn your mouth.
I also love coming on Mondays the fajitas are half off.

the chile rellenos were actually ok but how the heck do you eff up rice and beans!
it was bleh nothing special and definitely not worth $12 for my meal.
the service was good the server was very sweet.
the seating was ridiculous though it was a monday night not many people were there so i dont understand why we were squished in a middle table with both our kids.
i will never be eating there again

I am a fan of the chicken tortilla soup.
Has a pretty tasty with slightly spicy chicken based broth.
The salsa is ok - a little too much tomato sauce flavor.
Chips were fresh & warm.
The people who served me were cheerful & polite.
Most all employees there had an easy smile they were wearing.

This food sucked, it really wasn't all that.
Read people that's all I'm saying.
Read all the reviews.
There saying the same thing.
Bad service with bad food equals bad reviews.
Not by far my fav place for Mexican food.
Roberto's kills this place, on a bad day.
Listen and read.
Don't come here with high expectations.
There are none here...........

Disappointed....
Please white people, stop trying to do Mexican food with inexperienced "professionals" and mediocre management.
Strike 1: Waitress took too long to take our order.
Strike 2: Dirty pitcher, dirty glass and didn't pour the drink we had ordered.
Simply stated she would be right back and by that time I had downed half my drink waiting for her to take my order.
(I was afraid to send back the pitcher of margaritas in fear of fresh spit filled margaritas, with multiple prayers we drank our drink) Strike 3: 2 sets of dirty utensils Strike 4: None of the used/dirty plates/flatware was removed from the table.
Strike 5: Waitress walked by several times without acknowledging us or asking if we needed anything else.
(Note: BTW we needed something every time since she was not proactive)  Not sure if the management doesn't care ir if On The Border just doesn't train their employees.
One thing's for sure, I'm not coming back to this place.
On a side note, I had to ask a waitress to get the bus boy to clean a table behind me for a couple that was waiting and waiting to be seated(which they finally had to sit themselves in a dirty

Before we moved to Las Vegas On the Border was a favorite of my wife's in South Carolina.
We have not visited this location that often (maybe three times) since moving to Las Vegas.
One reason being that it is very far from our house, and the other that the service is horrendous.
The service, sadly, appears to get worse from visit to visit.
They also tend to run out of food, this most recent time they had run out of french fries).
They also do not carry similar items as other within the brand (no white queso at this location), but sometimes do (1 out of three times they had it.
The two times they didn't our server acted like I was stupid for even asking if they offered such an item.The end of this last visit was probably the worst because our waiter practically forgot about us and we had to almost jump up and down and wave our hands to get his attention.
When speaking to the gentleman in the table next to us, we found that he had planned to order desert, but because the same server had seemingly forgotten about him as well, he was not going to.
It is sad to see a restaurant that used to be a favorite has such poor service.
We will probably not be back.

I've been here multiple times and have never been disappointed.
The foods been good and customer service has been decent.
The food is very Americanized and not authentic, but I knew that before ever going.
The margaritas are delish and they are good about keeping chips on the table.

We really enjoyed the new cactus margaritas!
So good.
The Monterey chicken ranch fajitas were well worth the visit.
Grilled chicken breast with carmelized onions and smothered in Monterey Jack cheese and bacon.
The server was perfect!
The only complaint that I had is that the cheese dip is not free anymore.
You still get free chips and salsa, though!

This is a typical moderate food joint, not fast food and not fancy schmancy.
I  came for HH with a group of girls, the waitress was great and attentive to all of us.
She was not cranky because we all wanted to eat and drink cheap or that we did that and took up two of her tables for a couple of hours.
I think her name was Christina?
The HH here is pretty decent, I had a $4 regular margarita and $2 avacado fries.
But they had plenty of other food and drink specials 3pm-closing time.
I have ate a meal here prviously and remembering it to be good, not amazing but it was good.
The avacado fries were big pieces of avacado battered and fried (I picked the cripsy coating off but it was yummy with just a bit much for me these days, other wise I would have been in deep fry heaven).
The Margs (as my new friend calls them...haha) were good as well.
The $4 version was served in a 8-10 oz mug, strong enough for a $4 marg and not too sour.
I'd definitely come back for HH again.

I love Mexican food.
Its hard to disappoint me when I know I'm going to eat this food.
Yet this place did find many other ways to make that happen.
First the host placed me and my wife at a booth that would fit 8 people.
The window was facing the afternoon sun and she never asked to lower the blinds.
After a few minutes of sitting in the direct sun and starting to sweat, I asked we could be moved.
She asked if we wanted to sit at the bar.
" No, please just seat us at another table or booth".
She did as I asked.
Even though the table she took us to was clean on top, you could have filled a waste basket with the food and chips that where under it.
She grabbed a broom and did sweep it out.
So I started to look around.
The place was a complete mess.
Tables with plates and food still on them and the floor was a complete disaster.
Ok, lets just eat I told my wife.
The waitress ask for our drink order.
Great time for a margarita.
Not really.
Time for a lot of sweet and sour.
The food was just middle of the road.
I hope your experience is better than mine.

This is a fun place to go with family or friends , good happy hour & friendly staff.
I am addicted to their chips and salsa!

I love the food.
But they have the worst policy when it comes to splitting checks.
We went there with some friends who were out visiting and they put up a huge fight just to split the check.
We then went there again tonight with my mom who is visiting and again the put up a huge fight to split the check.
The waiter had the worst additude about it.
Sad we will not be returning here again.

