I use this airline because you can pick your seat when you buy your ticket.
My flights with them are usually smooth and on time.
The flight attendants are able and friendly.
The last gate attendant when asked why we have no seat assignment when we had picked our seats.
We were dismissed with" you will get on this flight".
Surprisingly this is not what I asked and mentioned this to her.
So with a sickeningly sweet smile said " we do not guarantee seats "   So to me this says why use this airline if I can get a better flight from another where seats are not picked.
Yes we got on the flight, but not sitting where we paid to sit, nor next to each other.
Yes the flight was full and yes all of the first class was full when we bought the tickets.
But there were plenty people who were not traveling with the person sitting next to them.
Soooooo this does make a difference to me.
I do things with specific thought in mind, I do not like having things out of my control.
;-{)

this is such a long miserable story all i can say is pick another airline

Despite the drama with a recent flight and encountering a gaggle of morons in Boston and JFK, the two ladies I worked with at the Delta baggage office in Sky Harbor were friendly, knowledgable and helpful.
Karen F. called my cell phone as soon as my bag that had been missing for 4 days and traveling the world arrived.
She held it in the office and explained what happened.
The office also locks up the bags here, unlike Logan Airport which leaves them out for anyone to take.
When my other bag once lost, but now found was lost returning home, she was able to locate it within minutes.
She provided a new claim ticket, indicated the bag would be delivered to my house the next day and if it wasn't there by a specific time, to call back.
She also encourage me to call the corporate office and complain about the experience I had so far on the trip.
When I mentioned my bag was lost for 4 days and I had to go buy clothes, she asked for the receipts.
She wrote a reimbursement check for $500, which she said will be mailed to my home in 7-10 days.
She was able to listen to the problem, come up with solutions and be pleasant when the others in the earlier airports were just idiots.

Living in Phoenix, Arizona I have plenty of choices when it comes to my air travel needs.
When ever possible I go with Atlanta based Delta airlines.
They have several good choices for what helps me most, red eye flights to the East.
I usually take the late night flight to Atlanta on a Boeing 757.
The planes have always been clean, and (at least on the larger 757s) come with personal TVs!
I am also a big fan of the snack choices they offer.
Go with the cookies, trust me :).
Some folks base reviews of delays, but no airline can control the weather, and if there is a problem with the aircraft I have no problem with a delay!
As of late they also seem to be the cheapest option on search sites like Kayak.

You can totally tell they are cutting costs everywhere.
The cabin walls vibrated loudly beyond normal while we were flying.
(I travel every month so I know what a plane should sound like)  Not to mention that the pilot landed crappy and us passengers got whiplash

Delta did fine job notifying me of a delay...actually two delay notices, bravo.
I got to climb back in bed for extra zzz.
Unfortunately the flight continue to delay as I report to the airport / gate, no explanation from gate agent...because the PA system was broken, and also the gate monitor was dead.
Also, as I boarded, the plane had a little odd smell.
Sure enough, they put food in the plane and let them spoil in 100+ heat for hours with no AC running while plane was getting repair.
Best part was, they still have to fly that spoiled food for 5 hours to my destination.
Niiiice.
The only thing saved my temper was the FA and Captain - they were really awesome and funniest crews I've been flying with, and thanks to them, I got home in better mood...6 hours behind schedule.

6 cities in 10 days.....no significant delays, great service and the food was even good.
Get rid of the lowly 757's to Hawaii and give me the fancy LAX-JFK 777 for all 5 hour flights, plus redo the overhead compartments in the 767's and I'll give Delta 5 stars.
Great job with the merger as the employees/customers seem much, much happier!

The seets are waaaay too smashed together.
$125 pet fee is rape.
My dog is smaller than my purse.
They sure aren't charging me that to carry on my purse!

These guys are just assholes.
I was forced to throw away Cologne, moisturizer, hair product and a couple other things because I didn't have a plastic bag to put them in.
The grooming kit I've traveled with for the last four years (and never had an issue with) apparently isn't good enough for Delta.
Even US Airways let me travel with my grooming kit, and they are Satan's airline.
Delta: if you do anything worse than US Air, you're hitting an all time low.
They're also slow through security (wasting people's money takes time) and generally unfriendly.
They are really the whole package.
This shit is why people hate flying.
Eff you Delta, never again.

If I could give them no stars I would.
I have had several bad experiences with them.
Went to Rome with my family.
They let me on the plane phoenix to ohio fine but when it came time to go to rome they woudn't allow us on the plane.
This was when the country just started using passports instead of birth certifigates but I was told a birth certifigate would be fine.
So they decide not to tell us until Im STRANDED IN OHIO!
We had to fly to atlanta to spend 1000 dollars on passports and by that time we missed out Cruise in Rome!
Decided to try them again.
Stupid stupid..I was flying to Wisconsin from Philadelphia and needed to change my departure destination to San Diego.
Okay, southwest would allow this.
I even figured okay ill change the flight and just pay the difference.
How about a change flight is 200 dollars!
So I couldn't cancel it because I would lose 288 but if I changed it I would have 88 dollar credit!
Are you people insane?!
So I had no other option but to change it so I was on the phone and quoted 350 Additional.
Dam you Delta.
Fine, I told them I would call back in a minute just to confirm with a friend of mine who was flying with me.
Called back it went up another 200 dollars!
They don't be sorry but no can do!
So I ended up paying almost 700 dollars for one coach seat.
Coming home from this trip they delayed my plane 4 times so I ended up waiting 4 1/2 hours in the airport.
When I asked them what where they gonna do for me they gave me 7 dollar food voucher and said sorry.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME????
WILL NEVER EVER FLY WITH THIS COMPANY AGAIN!!
HORRIBLE DON'T DO IT!!

My bag arrived safe & sound, but baggage handling is super slow, had to grab a cup of joe just to stay awake and not miss my bag....it's 00:00 EST!

My issues with Phoenix Sky Harbor notwithstanding, Delta isn't a horrible way to go when in Phoenix.
Of course, they're not a main carrier in this airport, but because they're a major carrier and so ubiquitous across the U. S. of A. they don't get treated like a redheaded stephchild here like other carriers.
I didn't check bags this time, but in occasions past they haven't had any problems with them.
Gate agents are just fine--somewhat robotic but in the efficient way.
That's not mean to be a backhanded compliment, they just do the same thing over and over and I haven't had any issues with them.
You're probably flying US Air or Southwest into Phoenix, but Delta is doing their thang in PHX, and doing it just fine.

Again what can I say they are an airline!

I'd give five stars If Delta invest in PHX...how about monitor screens by gate for flight info & update of waiting / upgrade list!?
I'm shocked delta continue to ignore this airport's upgrade.
This isn't 90s.
But the gate agent was very nice and fast, which raise stars from 1 to 4.

I know, this review will not make any difference to anyone!
But I want to RANT about the baggage fees!
I dont travel (fly) that much, so I guess I just need to get used to it.
But I cannot understand why we have to pay so much for a second bag!
I mean, really, it ends up being almost 20% of my ticket.
I was traveling internationally and was under the impression you could take two bags, plus a carry-on.
I get to the airport, and am rudely told it is another $25, each way.
I explain I am flying international.
No, she says, this is a domestic leg, so different rules apply.
Yes, I know everyone does it, but that doesn't make it right!

Imortant: if you are traveling from JFK on Delta make sure you check your gate.
If you are at the C gate, they will have to bus you to your gate.
Get there early or you will miss your flight.
Great stewards, free overhead bag, & not too extensive food.
I'm digging them.

I'm flying from phoenx to orlando tomorrow.
I have seat 33, my daughter has seat 16.
I've been trying to weeks to get this changed.
Now i've been told to get to the airport as early as possible.

I have flown Delta a dozen times or so over the last five years.
I have never had any issue with Delta whatsoever.
The customer service is good and all the flight attendants I have had have been accommodating and friendly.
We normally fly First Class when we fly Delta but I have also flown coach...neither problems in any section although of course, when you fly First Class, there's more perks but that's any airline, not just Delta.
I highly recommend Delta to anyone.
I've never had any turbulence, problems with customer service, baggage issues etc..nothing; just a safe, smooth, pleasant flying experience.
I love this airline and will continue to use them for all of my flight travel needs :)

The service was great and thy were on time I would defiantly us them again what more can I say but yelp wants me to say more very annoying I should be allowed to say as much or as little as I want

As being a seasoned traveler, DELTA airlines is quite SERIOUSLY an airline to avoid.
There are still choices in airline section but Delta seems to have retained all the bad things of airline service.
Try another airline!
The details are not worth going over but my complaints are quite real.
There is no respect for the disabled.Their flight attendants are callous, poorly trained and to my amazement lie when confronted.Their disabled telephone line is staffed by thoughtless, crude individuals who explain why your disability is in essence NOT their issue!

Not only did they lost my bag, but they are not trying to find it.
It's been 24 hours and I can't get ahold of them this Saturday.
59 minutes still on hold as of right now

I am so sick of getting screwed by Delta.
I purposefully book my flights about 2 months out to hopefully avoid any drama and choose a seat that works for me.
My main objective is to avoid a middle seat.
So yet again, I get my boarding pass and not only is it a different flight to a different connecting airport, they stuck me in a middle seat... And I'm in the back of the plane which I hate.
What is the point of booking early and choosing your seat if it's meaningless?

I had to move a bunch of airline tickets around today for some travel I'm doing.
Mila Teo-Taulus (I think, sp.??
) on the phone at delta was amazing.
Very much a people person and very interactive with me as a customer.
She found every way possible for my situation and I want to thank her by posting and hoping that someone at delta actually see's it and knows they did something right with her!!!
Thanks again Mila!
Obviously she is customer care and this is for the counter at sky harbor in Phoenix, but if someone there could forward this up it'd be greatly appreciated.

PHOENIX GATES ONLY: Okay, so I like Delta as an airline pretty well.
I am Platinum with them, but I'm not reviewing Delta corporate in this review.
Im just reviewing Delta's gates here in PHX.
Also, disclaimer, this isn't a "grumpy" review, the service is fine and Im not mad at anyone, this is data driven around the comparative offerings.
(Delta operates about 5-6 gates here in PHX).
The situation is not good:  - One restroom with a tiny entrance and exit, always crowded in there and you bump elbows coming in/out - Food: Wendy's and a tired "Cantina" - No bookstore - No soda stop/drink stop - No coffee store - No bakery - Gross worn out carpets - Crowded wait areas with few seats - 2 charging stations per gate (I counted them; it only took a moment to double check)  Delta, when you get a minute, would you pretty please update your gate area here in PHX, to the extent you are able?
Thanks, Lee

As long as the flight leaves on time and arrives safely to its destination, things are A-OK with me.
How anyone who leaves close to on-time and arrives safely could give an airline a 1-star review is beyond my ability to comprehend.
What do you give if something goes wrong?
If You sit on the tarmac?
The toilet overflows on your 5 hour flight?
There are no negative-star reviews.
*shrugs*  From Phoenix, I am satisfied with the gate attendants and the service I have received on my flights in and out of PHX.

I like Delta and this airport.
quick in and out.
The delta team meet me with a smile.

My husband and I just came back from Jacksonville Fla for a June wedding.
I have to admit the staff makes all the difference.
We had a layover in Atlanta and the counter attendants where very accomodating.
Nice to see good customer service still a goal for big companies!
I will fly again with Delta -

Great experience dropping off my son went very smoth

