I was looking for a large cocktail ring.
The salesclerk was patient and helpful.
This boutique has just about everything.
The prices are reasonable too.

I love this store.
You will find pieces that no one else has, at reasonable prices.
The owner is really nice and very helpful but never pushy.
The store has a great, cozy, personal feel, and a fabulous selection of accessories and clothing styles.
Everything is so cute.
I hope this store stays because the merchandise is phenomenal, the girls are sweet and the location is so handy.
Who wants to fight mall trafic to get a few new things for the night?

Super inexpensive, trendy fashion.
I always say that one should not spend a lot of money on trends.
And GlamSquadShop allows local fashionistas to look on-trend without spending a fortune.
Don't let the Junior-y and club girl styles deter you.
I'm pushing 40 and even I can find sleek, chic pieces that are totally age appropriate.
The best piece of advice I can give you is to sign up for the store's email newsletter.
You'll be the first to know of new arrivals, including the super cute items that sell out fast.
Keep this boutique on your shopping radar at all times.

I love shopping here!
They always have the cutest clothes & accessories at the best prices & they work hard to make sure you are happy with your purchase by showing you the best to dress up or down an outfit...this is a must see location!
Great staff & atmosphere!

Believe it.
This place is money.
Ever had that experience where you buy some cute thing at Express and then go out only to find that every other girl in Vegas had the same bright idea?
Not a great situation.
Glamsquad really has unique accessories that you won't find at other places.
Prices are very reasonable so if you never wear those leopard print shoes more than once you won't have to be too mad at yourself.
Added bonus:  this place is a local business and the owner is very helpful.
I am style challenged and she helped me find a purse to go with a red dress and gold shoes.
She even told me about the Facebook/Yelp discount!
Was informed that they get new items every week, so I will just have to be a frequent shopper.
Woo-hoo!

I luv their dresses :)

Love this boutique

Cute cute stuff ... Love this store

I don't understand the hype of this store.
Upon walking in, there was a strong scent of room spray.
I'm all for anything that smells girly and floral but this scent....it was overpowering and within a few minutes, it made my throat dry and scratchy =/  Having the store drenched in a strong scent is fine as long as the clothes/accessories make up for it but it didn't even come close.
The quality of the jewelry looks and feels cheap, but yet they were charging a necklace I can find at forever21 for $8.80 at a selling price for about $13-20.
The clothing style looked grandma-ish...if that makes sense.
=/ It was either grandma style or if you were starring in a role for Rock of Ages musical.
I came, I saw, I'm not coming back.
Sorry....

