They have Mustangs!
Though not adverstised on the website - call them and ask - I got the cheapest and best deal in Vegas on a Mustang here - where it was least expected.
-  Cheapest  -  Great service -  Negotiation not out of the picture -  Transperent terms and conditions -  Unlimited miles in nearby four states - unlike Budget, Savmor etc.
-  Reliable

I know that road-side service is generally an extra charge, but I still feel that the Enterprise employees were wholly uncooperative and provided fairly dire customer service.
Essentially, we came out to our van one morning to find one of our tires completely flat.
Thankfully there were those in our party who were able to change a tire, but what got to me was when we called the company and complained--they refused to do anything.
Mind you, their offices are less than 10 minutes away.
I semi-understand that it wasn't their policy to actively come out and fix the tire themselves, but they could have at least directed us to a service provider.
Even the hotel we were staying at (Luxor) couldn't do anything, which meant we were essentially stuck.
Poor customer service escalated when we returned the van and spoke to the manager, who wouldn't even acknowledge our disappointment!
That goes for their employees as well.
Enterprise, Las Vegas: I firmly believe that you reside in the land of SUCK.

Just flew in on Hawaiian and we had 2 shuttle buses pass us by (all very full).
Very busy day for Vegas airport.
Finally boarded the 3rd shuttle bus to McCarran rental Car.
There was Thrifty, Dollar, Budget, and etc.
All the other rental car kiosk had only one person standing in line.
Longest line among all the rental car services available had to be Enterprise.
Must be b/c it has the best deals $$$.
Minus a star for the slow service at the counter, they need to hire more help.
:)  Free upgrade with Costco membership!

On a recent trip to Vegas, I needed an AWD or 4WD SUV.
Although I requested one, they couldn't guarantee one.
Upon my arrival, there wasn't any more AWD/4WD for my class.
Andre was very helpful and got me an upgrade without additional cost!
That is what customer service is all about and you bet I will go back to Enterprise again in the future.

A Dodge Avenger, five days and unlimited miles for $145.00 including all taxes.
Not a bad deal over all.
In Vegas all the rental car companies are off site in a single building about a five minute bus ride from the terminal.
Take your hotel shuttle to the airport and then ride the free rental car shuttle to pick up your car.
A taxi from the Strip to the Airport or the Rental Car Center will cost you $25.00  The differentiators are price, service, car quality and selection.
Enterprise scored high in every area except for one.
I ALWAYS book the cheapest car I can get get because they ALWAYS want to upgrade you to a higher car class.
I booked, the subcompact for $58.00 for five days.
By the time they add all the fees, taxes and service charges you have almost tripled the price anyway.
What do you expect, It's Vegas and they make their money on the tourist dollar.
I upgraded to the Avenger for an additional $7 a day.
The only thing that keeps this from being a five star review is the little lackey told me the Avenger was a six cylinder...NOT.
It makes a difference when your on The 15 to LA and back.
Also, I recommend taking the deal where they gas your vehicle for $2.87 a gallon.
Prices at the pump in Vegas are $3.15 a gallon at best.

The price of the rental was more than our airline ticket.
This location is where all of the rental cars are held.
It was hard to find and I will not rent from them again.
At least not in Vegas.

I've rented from this Enterprise recently and I was totally shocked how this branch is treating their customers.
First, I had a reservation of an intermediate car that,  according to their website, can occupy 5 adults and two large baggages, and since we were only 4 adults and 1 child, I thought it would be more than enough.
But no, it wasn't, according to the sign in this branch, it says that the intermediate car can occupy only 4 adults, so based on the recommendation of Enterprise's rude clerk, we paid 30% more per day to upgrade to a standard size car, which the clerk called a "great deal.
"   Second, the final step of the "great deal" was the clerk's attempt to virtually force us to buy a full tank of an allegedly ¢40 cheaper gas than the current gas prices outside.
We refused to take it although he was extremely shocked as we turned down this other "great deal," which we found out later that he was LYING about the price and the current prices of the gas matches EXACTLY what he claimed to be ¢40 cheaper.
Third, after finalizing the paperwork for the "great deal," we went outside to another Enterprise clerk to get the key for our car.
The first thing he said was,"Oh!
You are 5 people and rented a standard size car, I hope it fits you because a party of 5 should get a 'Full-size' car.
Would you like to upgrade to full-size car instead?
" At this point we ignored him and told him to show us our car.
In conclusion, I'm really disappointed in the deceiving, and sometimes rude, way they treat their customers whatever their financial stand is.
I like Enterprise but I will never trust what they say in the website unless I called them on the phone to verify it first.

This is one of the rare times I'll ever rate a rental car agency with five stars, but hands down does this agency deserve its very best.
Upon arriving at the Mc Carren Rent a Car Center from the main terminal, I walked up to the Enterprise counter and was greeted kindly by an agent who brought up my info on her system within a few seconds.
She confirmed with me regarding the price, and quickly directed me over to the rental booth in the garage.
When I got to the garage, another agent greeted me warmly and went over the contract/price, and it was exactly the way I had booked it online.
I did upgrade to a full-size so yes, the price went up as expected.
They didn't hassle me for insurance as I had mentioned very clearly I would opt out for all options.
She handed me the keys to my Toyota Camry and off I went on with my business.
The vehicle (Camry) was comfortable and a perfect vehicle to ride around town.
It was clean and just the way I had expected.
Upon returning the vehicle, another friendly agent did the quick inspection and advised me that the charges were exactly the same amount I was quoted in the very beginning.
It is so rare to ever come across such great service from a car rental agency, especially when most of them are scams and agents are d-bags.
Needless to say, I was not only super satisfied, but will most definitely choose Enterprise should I ever need a rental in Vegas.
My rating:  A+

I have had great customer service experiences with Enterprise in the past, so I chose this car rental place over others at the LAS airport that had the same price.
The employees' upselling here really turned me off.
When we checked in, the guy at the counter told us we might be uncomfortable with the a/c produced by the intermediate 4-cylinder engine on our drive to LA.
He recommended a $20 per day upgrade to a standard car, which would be more than double the $17/day rate for the car we reserved.
He made me worry about my decision to stick with the intermediate, but the a/c was fine.
Once we went to the lot to get the car, the woman conned me into accepting their insurance.
She told me they would not honor the coverage provided by my credit card, which I've never heard before.
Then she started asking lots of detailed questions about my personal insurance.
(I don't have a car but am covered on my family's insurance, so I'm not very familiar with our coverage but have been told that it covers rentals.
) After all her worst-case scaremongering, I signed up for the insurance.
Later, my mom confirmed that I didn't need it.
The insurance more than doubled the cost of my rental.
Finally, the car we received barely made it back.
It had some kind of mechanical problem.
The only positive customer service we received was when they comped the gas charges because we explained that we were scared that if we stopped for gas, it wouldn't start up again.

Watch out the lady outside to greet you when you get your car is a salesperson ...without you knowing ,they will charge you "Basic Protection " without informing you the cost (30 bucks a day )...not cool especially when your in a rush ....keep asking question ...
If there is a name for it...
It it will cost you something ...

My boyfriend and I have rented from this Enterprise 2x during his business trips.
I'd definitely say that they have really good customer service & really take care of you.
One of the managers waived my boyfriend's young driver's fee for us.
She told us that she thinks it's ridiculous that there's a young driver's fee but no old driver's fee.
hahahaha!
But she definitely knows how to maintain her clients!
I'm sure that every time we're out here in Vegas for business, we will definitely come back here.

I had a reservation for a compact car for 4 days.
At the upstairs counter I declined to upgrade to a larger car for $5 per day.
According to the Enterprise website, a compact car is a Nissan Versa, a Toyota Yaris, or similar.
Anything similar to those two cars would have suited our needs perfectly.
When we arrived at the cars in the parking garage, I was told we would be in a Fiat 500.
While I am sure the Fiat would have been fun to drive, it was much too small for our needs.
Looking at the technical specifications for the Fiat, it can in no way be compared to a Versa or Yaris.
It can't even be compared to a Chevy Aveo, which is in the economy class.
After seeing the Fiat, I told the representative that I would like to pay the $5 per day upgrade fee after all.
At that point she told me that there was no $5 upgrade fee, apparently that is just a generic number the upstairs reps throw out to try and get you interested in the larger cars.
My companion and I repeated that we had been told $5 per day and requested a supervisor.
After being left in the garage for about 15 minutes the rep came back and said that the rate had been approved by a manager and shortly after that we were on our way in a Chevy Malibu (which was actually two classes higher).
So, while I appreciated the fact that they eventually accommodated us, I was extremely upset that they tried to put us in a car with 5+ less cubic feet of cargo space than anything else in the compact class, and then initially refused to honor the upgrade rate quoted upstairs.

Fine.
Everything went as expected, which is what you want.
The only downside was the three times I was asked if the service was good.
Seems a little odd.
Not a big deal.

Rented a car for 5days and end up with a hyundai accent car (super lame) the car smelt like smoke and the plug for the iPod wasn't working.
It sucked too cause the car was manually rolled up windows and lock the door your self.
Since I was 21 years old I was charge $75 more for the underage fee plus I got the insurance which was $20 a day so there goes $100 added to my total which came out to be $500 (not worth it cause the car was shitty).
I guess renting a car under 25 years old is ridiculously expensive.
Not so bad if you have five friends splitting the bill but it was just me and one person.
Next time i visit vegas I'll prolly just be catching the cab every where.
One star for good service and the other star I guess for being fair, can't blame the price being so high cause I am underage.

This past time that I rented, I was very disappointed.
Not only did enterprise try to charge me all kinds of extras but they also fell short when it came to the maintenance of the vehicle that they put me in.
The first car, yes FIRST, that they put me into wasn't anything special...not until we drove around in it for about 10 minutes.
About ten minutes after we got the car off the light, the maintenance light went on.
Then, the check engine light went on.
OH LORD!!
I was NOT pleased about this at all.
I had to make it to the Convention Center, however, to drop off a business partner.
So, I took care of that and on the way there, I had my partner call Enterprise and complain and to tell them that we were bringing the car back and wanted these extra charges removed and that we wanted to exchange this car for something else.
They were not real excited about that.
I hope that they didn't just have someone turn that light off and let it stay the way that it was, in need of maintenance.
I would hate to think that they take shortcuts like that.
Anyway, after taking my partner to the convention center, I took the car back.
With this whole policy that Enterprise agents don't have to ask managers for approval for things, I don't think that they had to know about customers being up-charged as well.
That isn't a practice that I like.
The system of checks and balances is in place for a reason, not just a good idea.
It's a must.
UGH!!
Anyway, I had the extra charges removed.
I had the car exchanged.
I even managed to get 25% off my rental.
This was just MORE work than it was worth.
WTH.
At least there was that.
Sheesh, and I am a plus member.
WTH is the PLUS membership worth if you're not well taken care of ever time.
I'm so pissed!
And get this, the girl who attempted to help me in the garage told me something like, oh we probably just serviced that vehicle but it just hadn't had the alert lights shut off.
Oh really?!?
How is that when you were the one who issued the vehicle to me at 6AM.
That's how I know you were lying.
That's how I know that it didn't just come back from being serviced.
I've had it since 6AM you fool.
Don't lie.
It's not cute and it definitely doesn't make me trust you more.

Good customer service and good selection

I've been a fairly loyal Enterprise customer (especially when we go to Vegas) for years now.
Occasionally I will stumble across a "special deal" from another rental company, try them out, and after thorough disappointment will always return to Enterprise.
The service is always quick, friendly, and never pushy.
The cars are usually better than what I'm expecting.
Recently I reserved a car through Enterprise, expecting to arrive in Vegas by 4 PM, but our flight was delayed over 7 hours.
We got into McCarran very late and were in no mood for a hassle.
Unfortunately, the computer system at Enterprise was down at the time (almost midnight on a Saturday night), which didn't help our mood but everyone was very understanding...long story short, we got an upgrade and the rental ended up being free.
Enterprise made a potentially disastrous vacation into a totally rewarding trip.

Flew into Vegas for the weekend and needed a rental car.
I reserved one via Expedia and Enterprise was the best deal, so I went with them.
I reserved a compact, which was supposed to be a Corolla or something like that....instead, they gave me a free upgrade to a Camry, awesome.
For that, they get 4 Stars.
Return Factor - 81%

Amazing customer service and prices - I was so pleasantly surprised and everyone that worked there was awesome.
I was standing in line at Dollar and tried Enterprise - i was on my way in minutes!

I has been to Enterprise Jamboree in Newport Beach for car renting every week for 6 months.
I knew almost every clerk over there.
They run the best business I can ever imagine.
5 star recommend for Enterprise Jamboree to everyone who visit Orange County.
I rented a car there as usual last weekend and drove to LasVegas to celebrate Chinese New Year.
When I left Vegas 55 miles to my home, the car was broken down and I was tolled back to Veags after 3 and half hours.
I was 100% satisfied with toll service and the lady in the phone call was very nice and helpful.
But when I was tolled back to Las Vegas Enterprise Airport, my nightmare began.
I arrived there at 5pm, I hadn't eaten or drink for 8 hours.
I was extremely  exhausted and I felt weak, cold and sick.
But the clerk in Las Vegas Airport  whose name is Michael S**** refused to provide any help.
He said I only had two options: close the contract or exchange for a new car.
He said I should contact Enterprise Jamboree where I rented the car.
He refused to help me contact with them saying that he couldn't find the number while the number is in my contract.
When I talked to Enterprise Jamboree, the clerk there tried his best to help me out and offered to pay the hotel and bus/taxi fee.
I am very grateful for his help.
When I talked to Micheal S***, I clearly said that I couldn't drive safely based on my health situation and I hoped someone can help me to book a hotel room.
I asked for several times.
But he refused all of them.
His literal words include: "We don't provide services like that", "I am not a doctor" and "We don't owe you anything".
I was helpless in there because I was not in good shape.
My friends or families are several hundred miles away.
I thought about calling 911 for help but I were reluctant to abuse public resources since I was not injured after all.
I was basically sitting in the Enterprise office weeping for 2 hours.
No one in that office approached to help except an African American lady.
But the lady  was interrupted by her colleague whose name is Eulalia Z**** so she had to leave.
After 2 hours, I gained a little strength and called Enterprise 800 for help.
At the time, Michael S***** had left the office.
The lady in the phone was very helpful and she asked the clerks who still stayed in the office to book a hotel and send me over there.
My problem was resolved in 5 minutes.
These two clerks who helped to book a hotel are two young ladies.
They were very helpful and I appreciate that very much.
The next morning, I had to go back to that office to pick up a new car.
But even worse things happened there.
Michael S***** accused me YELLED and SCREAMED the last night and he said TEN clerks in that office confirmed what he said in a meeting this morning.
I was so angry that I tried to confront with some clerks I met the last night.
But Michael S***** ordered them not to talk to me.
Then he said he would call police or securities to throw me out.
After I responded with "please do that", he just walked away.
Then according to what Enterprise 800 suggested to do last night, I called enterprise 800 to file a complaint in the office.
I talked with a representative in English for 20 minutes.
Then the lady over the phone asked me if I need a  translator.
I said yes.
I waited 10 minutes before the translator was found.
When I  started to speak Chinese, the clerks in Enterprise Las Vegas might think I ended my call with enterprise and I was talking to my families or friends.
They started to interrupt my call for 3-4 times.
I asked them to stop since I am in the phone.
But one clerk started to grab the contract paper work in my hand.
He tried it several times and at last he touched my possession to grab the paper work which is half inside my purse.
I was terrified and felt threatened at that time.
At that time, there were only me and 3 male clerks in the office including Micheal S****.
I shouted for help to the lady and translator over the phone.
But I think they didn't understand what was really going on because I was so horrified and I couldn't even believe what just happened.
I still tried my best to complete the complaint file through the phone call in several minutes, get a new car from them and leave the office safely.
All what I said can be testified by the phone call record saved in Enterprise 800.
They treated me very rudely at first.
And when I started to speak Chinese, their actions were far beyond being rude.
I hope this can be taken seriously.
And I hope what happened to me would not happen to anyone else anymore.

What a pain in the @$$.
(And it's NOT at McCarren Airport.
)    I'm planning on traveling over the weekend and my wife didn't feel comfortable with me driving my old car with 220,000 miles on it.
Why not get a rental car!!!
So we figured we'd rent from the Enterprise at the airport.
We figured how hard could it be?
Just go to the airport... follow the signs to the rental car lot... easy.
Nope.
The airport is confusing as hell.
We drove around for 20 minutes before a worker explained that we needed to leave the airport and get back on the freeway towards town again.
What???
I thought this place was at the airport???
NO.
So finally managed to find this place after making a wrong turn and getting lost.
Once we got into the rental car terminal the line was wrapped all through the lobby.
As that black woman on the YouTube video says: "I ain't got time for dat!
"  I said screw it.
I'm not standing in line after driving all over southern Las Vegas for a rental.
I'll take my chances with my little Honda.
Did I mention this Enterprise is on Warm Springs and NOT at the airport??

I had one of the most smooth rental car experiences in this Enterprise location.
I was greeted at the front counter, the reservation was retrieved quickly.
The front desk person was polite and professional, after I briefly explained that I won't be needing the collision damage or liability coverage.
I was quickly sent to the lot office where I was greeted quickly and politely by another staff who shared that within a minute another staff would be taking me to my rental.
The other staff arrived on time, the vehicle I chose ( which I did because of the price) was not available and instead I was provided with a choice of vehicles which were all an upgrade.
The staff allow me to choose from the class of vehicles available which I did to my preference.
I must commend the Enterprise staff for being energetic, polite and professional.
I felt well attended, not pressured and respected.
I was in and out in 15 minutes which is great as I had people expecting me somewhere else.
The vehicle was clean and well equipped.
The return experience was equally pleasant,  the bill was as quoted, I was greeted with energy and charms, and again I was out within 5-10 minutes.

Came to Vegas for another bach party and debated between really cheap vs reputation.
Reviewed other car rentals on here and just stayed on the safe side and chose Enterprise, happy w/ my decision.
Wasn't expensive and customer service was great, no long lines like the cheap car rentals and it was in n out getting the car and returning the car.
Also got a free upgrade and extending the use of the car over the phone was an ease as well.

Time is convenient, however the representative who served me did not clearly explain all the details to me and I have to pay an additional amount.
There are plenty of options in that car rental center and I will choose a different one next time if I need to rent a car!

This review is for Nancy a employee who works for Enterprise at this location, I called to cancel a reservation and make a new one, she really acted like I was interrupting her from something, she did not have any patient ,I said excuse me what did you say your name was cause I knew where this was going ,people  in customs service that talk to people over the phone generally think they don't have to be nice cause we can't see them,be nice cause I know somebody you all the times.

I was going on a long trip and decided to rent a car rather than use my own.
We originally had a reservation for Budget, and after waiting in line for forever and getting an agent who had to defer to their supervisor for everything, were told that the cars were not allowed to be taken to the state we were trying to drive to (Oregon).
Enterprise had no line, and I spoke to Jeff who was extremely friendly and attentive.
He was able to get me a good deal, worked quickly (which was amazing as I was pressed for time), and was knowledgable about his product and the services.
We were walked out and actually given our choice of a vehicle instead of the "Here's the car you get" deal, and were able to really check them out before deciding on a Kia Soul.
We returned the car late at night and I had forgotten my glasses in the center console, but didn't realize it 'til the next day.
I called in, spoke to Patrick, and he was able to locate my glasses, leave a message as requested since I was at work, and left them in a safe with my name, and a note that someone else would be coming to pick them up.
Excellent customer service with all the folks I interacted with, speedy processes-- absolutely no complaints.
Thanks, Jeff and Patrick.
If I ever need to rent again, I'll definitely go with Enterprise.

Great experience all around!
Our plane was almost two hours late arriving,so we got in at around midnight.
We received excellent service from everyone at Enterprise, the check-in, the employee in the garage when we received the car, and the return.
Super easy, very professional, we will definitely use enterprise again!
Thanks

I was going to rent a car there for a day , because we were taking a drive to Red Rock canyon.
but they said i had to takeand pay for  a grayline bus to the airport and get picked up by their rental car bus.
their ads on tv say they will pick you up.
anyways I canceled my reservation and rented from Hertz.
I usually rent from Enterprise, but not this time.

Loads of extra charges they don't tell you about until later!
Garmin nav system is not up to date.
Pricier than other car rentals.

Henry really took care of me today.
Speedy checkin, pleasant service, free upgrade.
Enterprise isn't always the cheapest, but when you factor in speed and quality, it's a winner.

Had to wait over 20 minutes in the garage.
The wait was so long that the attendant was taking pictures of how many people's paperwork on the board.
Get more staff!!!

Thank you for making it easy for my Daughter car rental from you guys so easy ...

Enterprise had a clean car available to us with 3/4 a tank of gas available.
The attendants were friendly, but my list of complaints and unhappiness far out way friendliness.
Our car was totaled to about 436.00 on our online 5 day rental plan.
The sales people pushed insurance on us so we got the most basic plan.
The total went up immediately of course and we prepaid for a full tank of gas.
She have us a total of about $536.00 which we assumed included taxes, the insurance, and gas.
Our price kept steadily increasing.
She has us the bill, and we drove right out of there.
Coming back we saw that our plane left 2 hours later.
We asked if we could bring the car back an hour later for drop off time.
They proceeded to inform us that if we extended our use another hour then we would have to pay 1/2 the rental fee for the day...
Which is insane.
We originally scheduled a 7 pm drop off and wanted an 8 pm drop off.
We already paid for that day as far as I'm concerned.
Then we dropped the car off and were tacked with a different total then originally.
The guy wouldn't answer our questions concerning the bill and our total ended up.
Being $700+.
He also began questioning us as to why the gas tank wasn't filled which we informed him we prepaid.
Obviously he knows to charge us all these extra charges, but doesn't look at the information about our benefits?
It amazes me that a 436 total can jump to a 700 without our knowledge or they could have at least informed us that this was going to be our total the first day we rented it.
Then there wouldn't have been a 300 dollar surprise when we were trying to come home.
I feel that there's many hidden fees and instead of working with you the company tries to force you into more.
I won't rent fr Them again.

I was picking up a rental after my car went in for the service.
The dealership had talked to the manager and everything was supposed to be ready when I get there.
However, it took me almost an hour to get my car.
When I got to this place, the manager "Ricardo" was "test" driving the new Tesla around the parking garage, took me almost 20 minutes to get him.
He did not have any idea on what he was doing and we had to get the dealership on phone twice to make sure that he was charging them correctly.
After another 20 minutes of solving the issue of payment, it took them another 20 minutes to get me a car.
Their prices are ridiculous as well, so I would prefer to rent from Avis or Fox.

I have used Enterprise for many years.
I am generally pretty pleased with the service at most of their locations.
But, I have to say that the service I received at the Las Vegas airport location was completely top notch.
I arrived around noon on a Thursday a couple of weeks back.
I received immediate service at their counter, which was staffed with 2 people.
The person working at the counter was very friendly, and I was thankful that they did NOT waste my time trying to pressure me into buying insurance that I didn't need or want, but rather as soon as I verbally declined the insurance once they quickly got me on my way --- it seemed like the entire process from me arriving at the counter to me leaving took less than 2 minutes!
....that is greatly appreciated.
From there I went upstairs to the garage where a very friendly representative greeted me, walked me out to the cars, asked me to choose which one I'd like, and then she went around the car with a tablet denoting any dings on the car right on the spot so that I didn't have to do it myself.
She was also very fast and efficient.
Just a fantastic experience all the way around.

I have tried hertz, Avis and Priceline, but their prices are pretty competitive and customer service is just outstanding.
They treat customers like God.
Went in today to pick up an mid-size SUV.
Due to high demand, none of the kind that I wanted were available.
The staff and management were so kind that in order to avoid any inconvenience(since I was renting the car for a month) and as incentive for me being in the armed forces, they upgrades me to luxury Infiniti SUV for no extra charge.
No I can have a more relaxing relaxing road trip to California.
Keep it up guys and keep us coming.. :)

Mccaran Airport  Las Vegas customer service was amazing...  we rented a van for 2 days and exchanged for a compact they were so nice and accommodating when I had to extend another couple days.
I definitely recommend Enterprise!

We recently flew into Vegas on the way to the N. rim of the Grand Canyon.
We had a mid sized car reserved and upon arrival we had a choice between 2 nearly brand new cars that met our requirement for relatively good gas mileage.
We had no wait in the check out nor in the return and everyone that waited on us was professional and accommodating.
I couldn't help but notice that all the other rental car companies had lines, both in and out.
The price was right, the service was great , the car was what we needed and no lines, what more can you ask for.

professional, line not too long, the car was clean and comfortable.
Not wild about the new trend of shaking hands and being your best bud.
No issues, which is what you want the experience to be.
I usually rent from Enterprise.

Low fluids..... Really?
#fail #enterpriserental Couldn't fill up the wiper fluid  before u gave the car to me?
I was looking at the display that read "low wiper fluids" for 7 days!
Other than that,  when I get some sort of concession I will give you 5 stars.

Most of the time enterprise is great to deal with.
They have always tried for great customer service and the Las Vegas location is no exception.
I have always been treated kindly, courtiosly, and promptly at enterprise.

I'm an Enterprise Plus member...and typically I love renting from them.
However this experience was much less than good.
I rented from the Las Vegas airport location.
The counter staff downstairs was exceptional!
Thank You.
It was when I went upstairs, the treatment was not good.
The person placing me into a vehicle was rude and short with my [simple] questions.
And acted miffed that she needed to assist me...crazy...it wasn't even busy.
She then put me in a car that has been smoked heavily in, and also had a very sharp, distinct odor of pot.
Everyone who rode in the car inquired about it!
Not a teetotaler here, but wow Enterprise...embarrassing.
The individual checking the car out was unapproachable, but when I called it to the attention of the final check-out guard...he just was nonchalant and offered a simple discount, then noted it.
I guess that's ok?
But no offer for a different vehicle...and don't they charge you like $300 if you smoke in the car?
Maybe the fine should be given to Enterprise when they pass the car off to you!?
Overall, it was embarrassing and annoying.
And the customer service of the vehicle placement person was unacceptable.
Don't typically, but gonna begin researching my car rental options.
For those that brave Enterprise, don't get pulled over...the smell of pot might get you a nice, convenient vehicle search!

The shuttle from the airport to the rental car place is nice, but after that it kinda went down hill...
There was only 2 people serving customers at the counter, and it took over half an hour to get through 3 people... Thankfully I had made my reservation online and i was done at the counter in a couple of minutes.
Went up to the parking garage to wait around for another 15mins until an staff member could take me to my car.
We did the whole walk around thing and then he told me I needed to buy insurance, and I needed to sign for the additional charges...
I am a novice car renter and at the time I was unaware that it is possible to decline this, especially as the staff member stated that it was a necessity and implied it was mandatory.
I was only expecting this rental to cost about $500 instead it was over $800...
This really put a spoiler on my trip and really pissed me off, that is some shady business practices Enterprise...

The line to check in was shorter than all the other companies.
The wait for the car was minimal.
Car was in perfect condition, and the attendant was nice.
Returning the car was very fast and easy.
Will you wait in line a little bit, yes.
Will the parking garage be crazy hot, yes.
But renting a car is always a kind of hassle, and if the requirement for 5 stars is "as good as it gets," then this enterprise deserves 5 stars for doing the best they can within an industry that isn't exactly fun to begin with.

