Would you like to have Chinese food in a clean environment?
Dragon Express is not only clean but impressive.
The owners did a great job remodeling.
You don't have to dress up to eat here but their decor and friendliness could put PF Changs to shame.
Dragon Express is owned by a really nice couple from China.
They take pride in the food they serve and the restaurant itself.
There are very few Chinese restaurants that I don't fear what the kitchen looks like.
Here you can look right into the kitchen.
The food is always good.
My favorite is their orange chicken.
The prices are pretty decent.
I don't care for the cheesecake but I'm just not familiar with the flavors.
Someone else would probably love it.
I do love their ice tea.
They deliver but we love going in and talking to the owners.
If you are in Mesa don't hesitate to give them a try.

I love this place.
They truly have great food for a great price.
As far as standard "fast" Chinese food goes I have never had better.
The decor and environment is awesome and the food is better, plus.. they have two flat screens on ESPN all the time.
They staff is super friendly and it only takes once or twice to become a regular where they already know your order when you walk in.
I highly recommend this place.

We were back again tonight and food, service and atmosphere was outstanding as always.
Good Chinese food is sometimes hard to find.

Good food, friendly staff, awesome lunch specials and clean atmosphere.
That makes it a 5 star.

I've been twice now.
Today I ordered the twice cooked pork with lo mein instead of rice.
The thing I like most about this place is the amount of fresh veggies in their dishes!
The pork was brimming with zucchini, carrots, onions (and probably something else I'm forgetting)... And the lo mein was loaded with bean sprouts, onion, green onions...
Lunch specials are 5.99 and come with a mini spring roll.
The spring rolls were not anything to write home about either for taste or price at 2.99 for 2.

I've been here twice for lunch and both times were hot, fresh, and delicious!
The dining area is clean and staff is friendly.
I'll definitely be back for a third time (and more)!

Great lunch spot!
All the meals are tasty, solid healthy options like subbing steamed veggies for rice & the restaurant is clean & updated.
I usually get the kung Pao chicken which you can never go wrong with.

A few months ago our favorite Chinese food restaurant went out of business [sniff].
My husband and I were devastated!
Ok, that's a little dramatic... but we needed to find a place from where we could get our Chinese food fix!
We got online, ran a search on Yelp for "Chinese food," read countless reviews on various restaurants, and finally settled on Dragon Express.
It was out of our way to drive to Alma School/Baseline but we were willing to make the sacrifice.
Upon arriving to the restaurant I was immediately impressed.
The atmosphere was so welcoming and unlike any Chinese food restaurant I had been to!
There were pictures of all the food making it simple to choose what you wanted, the dining area was clean, and the cashier/waitress was SO FRIENDLY!
She immediately brought my kids snacks to eat while we waited.
It's my opinion you can tell the quality of a good Chinese food restaurant by their egg roll, so needless to say we ordered egg rolls.
Not only was the presentation appetizing, their freshness and taste is unmatched to any other egg roll I've ever tasted.
AND to top it off the Sweet & Sour Chili dipping sauce is incredible!
I ordered Beef Lo Mein and my husband ordered the Orange Chicken; both were absolutely delish!
We were so impressed by our first experience that we've been back twice!
Each time we try something different and have yet to try something we don't like!
Keep this place in business and eat there often!
You won't be disappointed!
Thank you Yelp for helping us find our new FAVORITE Chinese food restaurant!

Friendly service, fast, and good food plenty of it.
Definitely not the best Chinese I've had but certainly great food.

Their lunch specials are my cup of tea- which unfortunately is not included.
For $5.99 ($6.99 for shrimp entrees) you get your choice from 22 entrees, brown or white rice and a small spring roll.
They are a comparative alternative to Pei  Wei's.
Been there twice and plan to visit again soon.

Wow, this place was PACKED!
Came in around 12 on a weekday, and EVERY TABLE was taken!
If that's not a good sign, then I don't know what is!
Food was great.
Ordered the shrimp with lobster sauce, very savory!!
The sauce had so much flavor!
And they give you TONS OF SHRIMP!!!
I hate it when you pay extra for seafood and they give you like 4 pieces..here they give you like 15!
There were so many!
I also like the fact that they have a brown rice option for no extra charge.
You can also sub the regular rice for fried rice or noodles for a little bit extra.
Lunch specials are great!
5.99 (or 6.99 for shrimp) and it includes rice and a 'dragon' spring roll.
Since they were so busy, service was a little bit slow.....it took them 25 minutes to get my takeout (or take-away, depending on where your from, lol) ready.
Not super fast if you have a limited amount of time for a lunch break..... Also, I asked the girl if I could sub steamed veggies for my rice (as a fellow yelper mentioned you could do) but, she just stared at the register buttons, and was like "nope, I don't see that option on here" :/ yeah....she may not have been the sharpest tool in the shed (I tend to believe my fellow yelper over a girl who seemed a little bit lost and somewhat unmotivated to do her job, tho she could have just been overwhelmed by the overhead...) However, they were nice and did appologize for the wait.
Anyways, overall, great food in a cute and clean little restaurant....I'll be back!

Went back today......ordered chicken moo goo gai pan, ah-MAZE-ing!!!!
I am hence upgrading my review to 5 stars, because, YUM!
(I have never had such fresh and perfectly cooked veggies from a Chinese restaurant....and WOW, that wine sauce was SOOOOOO GOOD!!
)  oh, and service was much better today :)

Thanks Yelp for another great restaurant pick.
After her swimming lessons a few blocks away, my daughter wanted to go for Chinese food.
We arrived and approached the counter to order our lunch.
My daughter wanted noodles so I ordered her the Chicken Lo Mein from the kids menu.
I wanted something spicy (and not deep fried), so I decided on the Spicy Korean Pork and upgraded to fried rice (white or brown steamed rice are the standard options).
Our lunch arrived in about 5 minutes.
My daughter thoroughly enjoyed her noodles and had enough to take home for supper because of the large portion.
The only complaint I had was the total lack of vegetables (it even says "no vegetables" on the kids menu, which I noticed later).
The Korean Pork dish was absolutely delicious.
There was a small, crisp bean in my dish that was so yummy and fresh.
I asked the clerk what it was and she told me it was a certain kind of bean (not a string bean) that they get from the Asian Market on Main and Dobson.
I traveled to China in 1998 and remembered this vegetable in several dishes then.
Will definitely go again!
Great place for a quick lunch!
This time I'll ask them to add veggies to my daughters meal.
I want to try the chicken lettuce wraps!

My new favorite Chinese restaurant.
Super clean, extremely friendly staff and very fresh Chinese food.
I'm not the biggest fan of Chinese food, but since I found this place I have been 3 times in a month or so...

That's right-a CHINESE place!
I don't eat pizza EVERY day...
I love this place-their chicken fried rice is fabulous-big pieces of honest-to-God white meat chicken and a pretty big portion.
They have the kind of egg rolls I like (I'm an egg roll snob, and very few places will do), and their lunch special is a lot of food for the price.
A la carte items are more pricey than other Chinese places-but their delivery is very prompt, their staff is unfailingly polite, and the restaurant is extremely clean.
One of my faves!

This place cannot disappoint!
Their portions are HUGE, my husband and teen son can share one meal.
Everything on the menu is great, the service is fast, and the staff is very nice.

ZERO Stars... My husband and I both were not impressed.
The food was over priced and it was either mushy or dry.
Everything had the same flavor...
Bland.
Yucky

Dragon Express is my go-to Chinese delivery place.
They are always fast, friendly, and the food is great.
My favorites are their Kung Pao Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, and Fried Rice.
The crab puffs and beef skewers are also amazing.

I have been dying for a good place that delivers that isn't pizza, and DE didn't disappoint!
I gave them a call to see if I was in their delivery boundaries, and luckily I was, and I had a few people over so we ordered kung pao, chicken teriyaki, lo mein, fried rice, and pad thai.
They said it would take about an hour, and I believe the food arrived in about 50 minutes.
It was bagged up nicely and the gent who dropped it off was very polite.
I was really surprised at the amount of food and the quality just opening all of the boxes, and I was very glad that everything tasted so good :)  I tried them again for delivery two nights ago and got orange chicken, brown rice, and  pot stickers, all of which were delicious.
Will definitely recommend.

I have been craving Chinese for a long time and Yelp directed me towards this place.
The interior is very bright and clean and the small staff all seemed friendly enough.
I got an entree of sweet and sour chicken with lo mein (an extra $1 if you want that instead of rice) for under $9.
I also got a side of crab angels/ragoons/puffs (5 for under $4).
The lo mein was very thick and a lot was stuffed in the box.
The chicken was breaded and fluffy, with plenty of S&S sauce.
There was also a few vegetables thrown in (but not a TON to take up space which is a definite bonus for me).
The ragoons were a good size and the stuffing was very flavourful - cheese, chives and (what I assume is) fake crab balanced just right not to overpower each other in the flavour department.
It seems a little more Panda Express than I was hoping for when I went searching Yelp, though it wasn't set up like Panda where the food's been sitting out for who knows how long so that's definitely a bonus; everything seemed really fresh.
The food itself was pretty good but, again, pretty standard for a Chinese fast food place.
I'll just have to keep looking for a less Westernized non-buffet Chinese food restaurant around these parts.

Tried Dragon Express for the first time tonight.
We ordered take out and it was ready in 10 minutes.
We had the Dragon Sampler, General's, and Kung Pao chicken.
Delicious and huge portions.
Husband loved the beef skewers.
This will be our go to Chinese place from now on.

My hubs and I LOVE this place!
We drove all the way from Maricopa just to eat here yesterday and the food was, and   always is, Amazing!
The staff is super nice and they give you some watermelon with your fortune cookie at the end.
We will be going there every other week to get a different dish everytime.
I am going to be trying the spiciest dishes near the end of my pregnancy to hopefully get the baby going.. can't wait!!
Love Dragon Express!

Yelp reviewers save the day once again with this Chinese delivery gem!!
Best damn crab puffs I've had in a long time!
This place has quality food, made fresh and they actually care about the presentation!
I didn't think Chinese delivery like this existed.
No more ordering from the other guys!
General Tso's chicken on fried rice was awesome.
Next time ill ask them to make it extra spicy because it wasn't very spicy or hot at all.
Nonetheless it was freshly cooked and still crispy unlike every other time I've ordered delivery from the other guys.
Mongolian Beef on fried rice was good as well.
The meat didn't taste like it had been sitting around in sauce for several hours like most Chinese fast food.
The even have great service and fast delivery!
The guy who takes my order calls me, 'sir.
'  I like this place!

My husband and I order from this place when don't have time to prepare dinner.
I can pretty much tell you everything on the menu is awesome!

It's nice place!
Whenever i found chance, i go there for dinner or lunch.
Tasty food quality.
I recommend it to all my group friend.

We got hunan chicken extra spicy, thai basil beef, side of fried rice and crispy potstickers.
All awesome but i think they put too much oil in the fried rice personally.
igredient were all fresh and veggies still crisp not overcooked.
Order got here within half an hour and they do have a $2 delivery fee which is nothing compared to other people's $3.
will definitely ordr here again.

I just reviewed Kwan's Sampan, and also just gave it 5 stars, but these places are quite different than each other.
Experience fresh, crispy, tasty modern Asian fare at mall food court prices.
This is a much more modern take on Chinese/Asian food.
If you don't like your food fried, battered, and swimming in a sea of Sweet & Sour sauce, or gravy, then you've hit the jackpot with Dragon Express.

Pretty good.
Restaurant is clean.
The hot and sour soup is bit bland.

Awesome lunch specials!!
Food always tastes fresh and delicious!

Standard Arizona "Chinese" fare.
I ordered takeout from this place and both dishes were soggy and bland.
The service was great and the food was ready for pickup within ten minutes, my only problem was that the food wasn't very good.

Good overall quality, a nice selection, and they deliver to my office.
I tried the crab puffs and the sampler platter for my last order.
The egg drop soup is especially good with a side of crispy noodles.
You can order via Grub-hub.

Like others said, "typical" Arizona Chinese take out.
I do return because the food is good and not covered in sauce and oil like some places, visually appealing.
I must say I do LOVE their hot&sour soup.
So far I think it's the best I've had.
What pisses me off is that tiny spring roll they give you, it's like a slap in the face.
The portions are smaller than most places, but quality seems a little higher.

I was so amped to try this place out, but my experience was disappointing.
My friend and I ordered delivery.
They advised it would be an hour, but I believe we got it in 45 minutes.
The crab angels (rangoons) and potstickers were so delicious!
The crab angels were creamy and full of flavor.
They were, by far, the best I've ever tasted.
The potstickers also had lots of flavor packed into each bite.
If the meal ended there, I would be giving this place 5 stars.
Then came the kung pao.
Hmmm...isn't Kung Pao supposed to be spicy?
It was breaded...which I've never experienced eating it that way before and it was sweet.
If it wasn't for the few peanuts thrown in there, I would say I got the wrong meal.
After three bites, I couldn't eat a sweet kung pao anymore.
I decided to try out my friends orange peel chicken, but as he was looking through my cupboards for spices, I wasn't hopeful.
After taking a bite, I agreed it was bland.
Needless to say we didn't finish our plates.
I guess next time I'll just stick to the appetizers...

My girl friend ordered the Twice Cooked Pork and I had the Moo Goo Gai Pan and both were super scrumptious!
We also shared Edamame and Crispy Potstickers as appetizers.
They were out very quick and everything was tasty.
The atmosphere was also nice.
I would come back for sure!

The first time we ate here was about 2 weeks ago.
We ordered Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao Chicken..
They were both really good..The only thing about the Kung Poa..It was not spicy enought for me.. You may want to request it to have more spice.
The servings are also HUGE!!
Enough for leftovers.. TWICE!.Give them a try

I have to say that I'm usually not a fan of take-out Chinese food (It all tastes like greasy crap in my opinion)...unless however we're talking about Thai.
Gotta love Thai!
So anyways, my husband and I have pretty much tried all of the Chinese delivery places in our delivery zone (mostly to prove to him that they all suck)...that is until we came across this little gem last night.
As a health conscience person, I try not to order greasy crap when I can avoid it, so I was pleasantly surprised with what we got.
The food arrived quickly (45 minutes) and we had no problems/issues ordering through the Grub Hub site.
We ordered Hot & Sour Soup, Ginger Chicken & Broccoli, Chicken Lo Mein, and Orange Peel Chicken.
The Hot & Sour Soup as one reviewer put it left little to be desired.
It was pretty bland and not at all spicy.
The Lo Mein wasn't very greasy which I liked, the Orange Peel Chicken was flavorful, but heavy on the breading.
Not something I'd eat again, and the Ginger Chicken was awesome!
I requested that they add mushrooms and make it spicy and it was perfect.
Light and flavorful.
I got the fried rice instead of the white (I know, I know...but it's sooo much better) and it was very good!
Didn't even need any soy sauce and wasn't dripping in oil.
This will be our go-to Chinese food place from now on and have already recommended it.
Seriously, before you try yet another so-so place, give this one a try.
Hopefully you'll be as impressed as we were!

one star because zero stars was not an option!
threw it out it was so bad!

I believe you should always give something a second chance, and I am so glad I decided to give Dragon Exrpress one!
I couldn't stop thinking about those perfect crab angels so I called up and ordered those creamy appetizers plus the kung pao again (Monica likes her chicken spicy).
I was crossing my fingers.
Turns out I must have gotten the wrong order last time I ate there.
This time the kung pao tasted like it was supposed to.
It had some heat, not sweet.
So I'm changing my rating to 4 stars.
I plan on ordering take out from them again.

Decided to try this after stopping in for a menu on my way home from Applebee's a few weeks ago.
Took my 2 young daughters ages 6 & 8.
The food is delicious.
All 3 of us enjoyed our food.
We ate in and had plenty to take home for leftovers.
I ordered the Hunan Chicken with white rice.
Very spicy just the way I like it.
Veggies cooked perfectly, still crisp, not mushy at all.
Kids Teriyaki chicken and a kids chicken lo mein.
I will definitely go back and try other dishes.

Sometimes you get really lucky trying that little hole in the wall place.
My pad Thai is delicious, and Andy has the General Tso 's chicken.
Yummy.

This is our favorite Chinese restaurant.
The service is fantastic and the food is always delicious.
The moo goo gai pan is my favorite!

Food is decent, glad they deliver, however... rice is down right awful.
I've ordered from this place a few times and each time I've ran into really really really undercooked / dry rice.
The food itself wasnt bad but this is chinese food, so you know, bad rice is a deal breaker... plus I'm asian so poorly made rice is sort of big deal :).
i almost wonder if the rice is some sort of instant rice or something but it is definitely not fresh or quality.

I'd been down with a flu bug or something for about a day and a half and had a very delicate tummy.
I got out the door so I could go to the Rubber Stamp Show they have here in Mesa twice a year and when the show was over I figured I should get something to eat since I hadn't had anything for 2 days.
I searched Yelp for a Jewish delicatessen thinking chicken soup would be the best thing but there wasn't anything close.
I tried searching different categories including soup and wasn't satisfied with what I saw.
Then I thought, well what the heck, and started searching for pho places.
I think this is one of the places that popped up and since it was a place that I had passed by many times and wanted to try, I decided to stop in here.
I told the young man behind the counter that I was interested in soup but I wasn't sure if the choices listed on the menu would be enough food for me and he let me know they have the larger 32 ounce size available so I said that's the ticket and ordered the egg drop soup, after debating between it and the won ton soup.
The soup came out fairly quickly and while it was piping hot it was edible pretty quickly.
It had good flavor and lots of good egg in it which I figured would give me some nutrition and protein.
It wasn't overly salty like so many soups are and I had absolutely no tummy reactions to it later, for which I was very grateful.
I felt much better by the time I left and I think it helped me get back on my feet the next day .
I found the atmosphere to be very friendly and welcoming and the soup to be good quality.
I will definitely be coming back here to try other items that looked good on the menu.
Oh, and did I mention the soup was only about five dollars?
Score.

First time, called, very polite lady, got my order quickly and correctly and total delivery time was 32 minutes.
Everything was AMAZING the chicken egg rolls are awesome, and I highly recommend this restaurant!!!
10 *****  Laurie, Mesa

Ordered delivery from this place tonight.
It took over 90 minutes (estimated 45-60).
The food wasn't hot, the rice was just blah, they didn't bring our eggrolls.
So - on their delivery service NO stars - on the food itself - hard to tell honestly - it didn't seem to be what we ordered as was described on the online menu.
Maybe they were just having a bad night but it'll be a while before we try again.

I used to come here often back in 2008-2009 when I was in beauty school since both buildings are in the same plaza.
I decided to stop by after work today for a quick appetizer and it was just as yummy if not yummier than I remember!
I ordered the lettuce wraps, and for $5.99+ tax, I was super impressed by not only the taste but the amount of food!
This is basically enough food for 2 people to share and not have to order anything else!
I feel like I got almost half a lettuce!
;) I ended up eating about 5 wraps, and my brother still had another 3, and I still have lots of the chicken mix to take to work tomorrow for lunch but just need my own lettuce!
I will definitely be coming back more often for more lettuce wraps, and also to try other things on their menu!

Excellent food.
Fast service.
Great lunch specials.
I decided to try something new and got the sesame chicken.

I read through the reviews before my wife and I decided to have dinner here.
Let me say all of the great reviews were spot on!
Awesome fresh food done right!
Not one thing we tasted could I have wanted to be better than it already was!
Portions are pretty large and the pricing is great as well.
Very clean place too.
The service was excelent as well.
We will absolutely be back!

Good fresh fast.
just don't get the beef skewers mostly fat other than that everything I've ordered is really good.
People r really nice

This place has the best Chinese food EVER!
Everything I have tried here has been amazing and delicious.
They have the best crab angels (and I've had a lot!
) and lo mein I've ever had.
Their selection of entrees and appetizers is great and the staff is super friendly!
Don't pass this place up!

I LOVED this place!!!!
We have been searching and searching for the perfect place to get Asian food bc we like to eat it once a week.
They have great food and there is a bit of every taste of Asia.
I had Pad Thai which was better than I've had at Thai specific places!!!!!
We tried the egg drop soup and it was good, hot, fresh, and a big bowl with crunchies too.
Lo Mein was yummy as was Kung Pao chicken.
U serve ur own drink which we love especially with spicy dishes.
I always get tea and it was freshly made and purified water as was the soda which were Coke products.
It is super clean and fun decor inside too.
Sort of mood lighting and dim which is really nice and relaxing.
Seating is comfortable and there is tv but it is turned on mute with CC so it doesn't bother but u can look at it.
And the workers are very very nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Super big five stars and we will be back!!!!!
Yay!!!!!!!

My friend and I were craving carry out Chinese food and ran into this place on the way home.
This place is "VERY CLEAN" and the workers are very nice.
I informed the cashier that this was my first time here.
She was very helpful pointing out the different menu options.
They have a great lunch offer or you can order the dinner size portions.
I ordered the Pad Thai, Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao.
The egg roll that came with the meal is nothing special.
I actually didn't finish it.
It was a cabbage roll and very bland.
The rest of the meal was great.
I did like the option of getting brown rice with no added charge.
I also liked that the chicken is all "white" meat...no dark meat used.
I will definitely come back.

Love, love this place.
Friendly staff, great food, reasonable prices.
The Thai Basil Fried Rice, chicken lo mein and chicken egg roll can't be beat.
My favorite Chinese place.

I saw the reviews on Yelp and was looking for good food at reasonable prices.
My friend and I had never been to Dragon Express and I have to say was I very impressed withe the service and extremely delighted with meal.
Wait staff was friendly, courteous and very accommodating.
Interior was clean and loved the overall atmosphere.
We tried 6 different dishes and I have to say it was by far some of the best Asian cooking I've had in a while.
Especially the Wonton soup and Crab Angels.....delicious!
This is my new favorite!
Will definitely be going back!

Love this little place...the people r very friendly and professional and the food is quite good.
The lettuce wraps r better than P.F's.....chicken, all white and lots of earthy minced mushrooms (which I love).
It's an appetizer but, the portion is entree size.
Egg drop is can't miss and every time I pick up they always offer a beverage.
Like I said, nice people.
Can't speak for their delivery as I always pick mine up.oh...forgot to mention, it's always spotless which for me is important!

Great food and super nice staff!!
Dining room is modern looking, and very clean.
I eat here often.

I don't normally write a review but this place is amazing.
I got the lettuce wrap and it was better than P.F.
Chang's and it's way cheaper.
My wife got the Lo Mein which was way good.
We got so much food we could have shared one item.

Just happened to be driving by and thought is stop for lunch.
Got the Kung Pao chicken and asked them for extra spicy.
Amazing!!!!
So good and my mouth is on fire!!!
Will definitely be coming back.

My boyfriend and I ordered take out tonight.
When the delivery guy showed up the stereo in his car was so loud.
He didn't even bother to turn it down when he came up to the door to deliver our food.
I got the dragon wonton soup and veggies with brown rice.
And my boyfriend got the Asian curry chicken.
The food was just alright.
Could have been better but I've also had worse.

Sadly we received our food in a timely manner tonight only to receive a poor excuse for good Chinese.
New to the area I choose them after many good reviews.
But the general Tao was mushy and mostly breaded with little chicken.
Both the Tao  and low mein tasted as if they had been sitting for hours.
The crab angels were much the same with little crab and lots of cream cheese.
We haven't even tasted the beef and broccoli yet as we are disappointed so far.
This will not be a repeat customer.

Place was clean staff was very friendly.
I didn't find the food was that great had hot and sour soup and Mongolian beef.
Soup was okay beef dish, the meat was big chunks and dry with not much flavor.
Order was to go was nice they give you a free drink while waiting but was surprised the rice amount was more than double of the amount of meat.
Angel wings were good.

My wife called this place for us to pick up lunch.
They kept arguing with her and told her that we are too far away.
My wife kept telling the server that we wanted to PICK UP!
As in, "We will drive to the restaurant and pick up the food!
" But they kept arguing and told her that they wouldn't serve us because we are just too far away.
Yeah... 20 minutes away... Too far.
Worst.
Service.
Ever.

