I had never heard of Fresh & Easy before it was built up the street from my house.
Everytime I drove by, I thought it was a either a healthfood store (selling organic tofu cereal, and like products), an expensive fru-fru snitty-snotty gourmet foods store (out of my $$ league, and I have a 7-year old), or an expensive healthfood gourmet store.
Either which, none of them were apealing to me as I'm a carnivorous mother/wife who doubles as  an elementary school teacher in my "spare" time.
None of those labels makes shopping at a specialty store easy.
Keyword EASY.
I need easy.
Wait, cheap and easy.
For some reason my family and I ventured into Fresh & Easy, and from the moment my skeptical eyes hit the fresh fruit section, they were in love.
Packaged lovengly into small, easy-to-open plastic containers were my (and my family's) favorite fruits- fresh ripened mangos, sliced pineapples, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, and more.
Just the fresh mango chunks alone was enough to immediately sell me on the place.
Oh, and the fact that the small container of mangos cost under $20 was a definite bonus.
We had only been down the produce aile moments when we ended up at the first turn- and right into the arms of the "Sampler Lady".
Camped out at the end of the produce aisle stood the sampler lady waiting for us, armed with an assortment of delicious-looking morsels that represented every meal:  breakfast, lunch, snack, dinner, dessert, drink..... all there, delicious and accounted for.
I immediately felt like hugging her, but resisted.
She kindly explained each food item and directed us to where in the store we could find each one.
Ingenious!
What a great idea!
Open up a box of your product, cook it up, serve it to the customers so that they'll try it, like it, and want to buy it!
Why didn't anyone else think of this??
Not only was the dinner she had cooked up delicious, it was DIFFERENT.
We had tried a savory Thai curry with rice chicken medley.
I had to have it!
Our "guide" escorted us over to the pre-made meal section where we were giddy to find all sorts of meals:  Thai, Italian, Mexican, Vegetarian, traditional American, and more!
Even better, they were packaged to feed approximately 2 people (or one hungry person, or two adults and a small child).
When you have a family of 3,( like ours), it's hard to buy pre-made meals unless you want to always have leftovers.
To add on to my glee, the meals were so reasonable.
Delicious, inexpensive, gourmet-like meals that make me look like a rock-star mom and wife.
I loved this store.
As I floated up and down the aisles, I noticed that there weren't that many at all (aisles).
Not only that, the product selection was very small, but not to a fault.
It made me realize just how much of my shopping experience is spent making difficult choices from much-to-large selections.
Fresh & Easy is a great store with great staff...
I haven't even gotten to them, but that's a whole other review.
I have no idea where they find these people, but whereever it is... it must be a nice place, bec ause the staff is amazingly nice and helpful.
Just go there.
Drive past all the other silly grocery stores, and visit your local Fresh & Easy.
You'll be so happy you did.

I heart Fresh & Easy.
They have the best sales and really fresh food, hence the name.
This is the first store I have purchased ground beef and could actually touch it without getting grossed out.
Hardly any blood and packaged well enough not to need a seperate wasteful plastic baggy.
80/20 beef under 2 bucks a pound, well under two dollars.
I am impressed.
They don't have checkout lanes, you do it yourself, however I got a friendly greating from the staff.
I would have taken the nice lady up on her offer of free food, but I was allready so full stopping in.
Maybe next time because there will be a next time for sure.

Quick and fast in and out shopping.
I do most of my shopping at Smiyhs, but Fresh and Easy is my stop for meats, produce and pre-made items, they are great!

When F&E first opened I was very skeptical.
Not because I thought they might have gourmet or trendy stuff.
I was not sold on the self checkout idea yet.
And they are Only self checkout.
I went a few times and was quite turned off because either I could not get the hang of it or the machines seemed to hate me.
However, after a few trips with no electronic incidents, and finding some English food that I had been craving and realizing they were actually pretty convenient for small shopping trips, I got over it.
F&E is now probably one of my preferred places for food shopping.
I like that the produce is packaged in reasonable portions.
A lot of the time I avoid buying veggies just because of the infrequency in which I eat them and since they spoil very quickly it's sometimes like throwing money in the trash.
I like their bread and bagels.
The french bread is very good, but I end up having to put it in the fridge after day or it attracts mold super fast.
I like the fact that I can find both crème fraiche and scone mix readily available whenever the mood strikes me for a spot of tea.
Their ready to go meals are not bad but I find their ready to cook options slightly more appealing.
They do have some nice little pre-cooked slider hamburgers that are tasty.
Currently, my favorite thing that they carry is vanilla mousse cups.
They are a nice little snack but a bit on the rich side, so I only indulge every once in a while.
They have Tasty Bite (Indian) entrees, which so far I have only ever seen at WF.
They were also the first place I saw to carry Magnum ice cream bars, but now you can get them at just about any supermarket.
And I don't know what it is, but their low fat cottage cheese tastes more creamy and rich than any other full fat brand I've ever tried.

I recently had an eye opening experience readying an article about all of the crap foods anymore so I've been buying more organic.While there selection is limited it still covers the essentials in organic produce and milk and such.
For all of the other stuff they have although its not organic its fresh and most of the customer service is friendly.

Great produce and products here, and at decent prices!

Went there today for the first time...
Loved it!
Will be going there for meats and veggies... Great customer service, produce, and products!

I had high hopes for Fresh and Easy when it opened up in my neighborhood.
How could a vegetarian, organic-eating girl like me not?
Well it pains me to say, but after many trips here, I really don't feel much love for the place.
I hate pre-packaged produce because I like to pick what I'm buying.
If I'm going to buy three apples, I can get them myself, thanks.
I don't need two good looking apples and one not-so-good looking apple wrapped up for me in a plastic wrapper.
On top of that, the produce always looks bad and the selection is severely limited.
I guess I should say the selection for *everything* here is severely limited.
One aisle of frozen products over there....another aisle of wine and beer over here....
I would be more willing to sacrifice selection if the price was right, but I really haven't found too many out of this world deals shopping here.
The thing that kept me coming back for a while was the prepared food section.
I normally don't bother with this area in any grocery store, but I found Fresh and Easy to have a couple worthy things: particularly their pizza and sandwiches/wraps.
Well, the vegetarian sandwiches are never available and the last few times I got their pizza the quality seemed to go downhill.
The very last time the mozzarella was spoilt and I decided I wouldn't be purchasing their pizzas again.
Fresh and Easy is good for people who prefer convenience foods that are healthier than what you would get at Smith's.
You can grab bags of produce quickly, boxes of flavored rice, some organic milk, and (an expensive) dinner in the refrigerated section for when you get home.
I prefer to choose my own produce, season bulk rice with spices in my pantry, and grab something I actually want to eat for dinner from a restaurant on the way home.
But that's just me.
And sadly, that means I'm going to have to continue making the trek out to Whole Foods for what I need.
On a side note, I stopped in a Fresh and Easy in San Diego to pick up something for breakfast and it was 100 times better than the Fresh and Easy stores out here.
Much larger, more selection, beautiful flowers, and a much better prepared foods section.
Why are they holding out on their stores in Vegas?

This place has raised price and stopped sending sale flyers and coupons since the new owners took over.
Expired items are left on the shelf for sale.
You can do better.
Shame on Fresh and Easy.

I stopped in to get something I could take to a gathering and found plenty of items that fit the bill.
I opted for a veggie with dip tray, some hummus with pita chips, and some organic veggies.
Everything was fresh and inexpensive.
They have some great, easy to prepare meals for those of us who are kitchen-challenged too.

Very disappointed since new ownership took over.
Lot less coupons, no more saving when you spend a certain amount and got rid of clearance items.
Might as well just shop at whole foods now!

This location is full of wonderful employees.
Everyone is so nice an so helpful.
Store always looks great.
Managers are very nice and always willing to help as well.
Out of the many locations I've been to.
This one is by far the best!
Keep up the great work everyone.
I love fresh and easy it's the only place I shop!!!!

