This was my favorite corner bar.
The place that made me think I was Norm from Cheers, where everybody knew my name and was always glad I came.
Unfortunately PTs Gold dumped my favorite bartender/friend rudely and without cause.
I put up with their mediocre food and so-so beer selection for the sake of hanging out with the best and coolest bartender in the entire state of Nevada, Ken.
To add insult to injury they have exiled my bartender friend from even coming into the bar for "security reasons" which basically means they know he would explain to regular customers like myself what jerks they were and would turn us against them.
I was against the idea of falling love with a corporate establishment, but the bartender made it all worthwhile.
Without him, it is just empty and another chain bar in Las Vegas with crappetizers and Bud Light.
Here is one last cheer to Ken, unfortunately it will be from BJs Brew Pub or some other competitor of PTs since I will not be returning.
Update: I also just found out that this chain will only play Fox News.
You can switch up the stations but if news is going to be played, it absolutely must be Fox News.
I find this odd and completely closed-minded.
I am a liberal person and if I owned a chain of restaurants and someone wanted to come in and be brainwashed by Fox News, I would certainly allow my staff to change it to this terrible news station.
These customers are your bread and butter, you should let them watch what they want.
Very strange rule...

This place deserves two stars because of their great happy hour (half priced drinks and pizza from 5pm-8pm), and the thrid star for their pool tables and arcade games.
It does not deserve the other two stars because the staff is rude, and the food is hit or miss, although the pizza is always pretty tasty.
They also have the video poker, and other gambling games avaliable at the bar, which is a good or a bad thing, I was kicked off the bar a few times by the rude bartender because I was not gambling and someone else wanted to.
Pt's is a good alternative to the hip, trendy bars on the strip.

Ah, you guys, this place isn't that bad.
I have had a good time several times in here.
The staff are decent, drink prices are average, but happy hour 7 days a week, that in itself deserves 3 stars!
There pizza's are good.
My one complaint is that there seems to be quite a turnover with the staff, at least from the dozen or so times I've been there.

Of all the places I've been This Pt's has given me one of the best experiences for the type of place.
I don't expect to be waited on here as I would at a Morton's Steakhouse but They never let my drink run out before asking me if I'd like another.
They are friendly, attentive, and I don't feel like I'm just a bother to them.
It's a nice relaxed atmosphere great for hanging out with friends.
Wish there were more places like this in Vegas.

This is my least favorite PT's out of all the different ones I've ever been to.
If I wasn't so close to my house, I would never go.
But since it's within walking distance I've been known to take the short hike here for happy hour to have a couple cheap beers, then walk home without having to add yet another over the limit driver onto the Vegas streets.
The best thing about this place is the happy hour, which is standard at all PT's...making it not that great or special.
The bad things outweigh the good unfortunately.
I've always gotten horrible service here!
Just horrible.
And it's always so smokey in here, more so than most every other establishment I've ever been to.
Those are the two main detractors for me.
If I'm just going for some grub, I'll make the mile or two drive to either the newer PT's on Buffalo and 215 or the low-key PT's at Russell and Hualapai.

It is what it is, the bartenders serve you when you get in but depending on the night its hard to get a drink.
The food is much like all the other PT's so you at least know what you are going to get

I am new to this side of Vegas, and absolutely love this place...
The service is good, and the girls are hot!!!
Cold beer, good food and good looking women?
I'm in!

Gets 3 stars based on the value and quality of the lunch menu.
This PTs Gold, although very nicely designed, never seems to have that neighborhood bar feel that you want to go back to.
Always a little too dark and quiet.
Not sure if the bartenders there are brand new to the business, or just not that interested in building a customer base.
Not unfriendly, but somewhat uninterested.

Great group of bartenders and waitress .
Fun place

I feel hustled everytime I go now.
I played over $85.00 in the machine, and was drinking cheap white zinfandel while gambling.
However at the end of my night I was still given a ticket for 2 drinks.
Why?
And apparently they are used to doing patrons that way because before I could even ask why the bar tender was saying "heck we can't serve you all night for gambling $40.00"  I was stunned and it happened to a friend on another occassion as well.
She drank and gambled and purchased food to the tune of $185.00 only to be given a ticket for two shots at the end of the evening.
It's a hustle folks.
I have a friend that I visit there, but I will not waste any of my money there anymore.
Wonder how much they will charge me for just sitting there waiting on him?

Steak fries were actually disappointing...Presentation: served in a tub like KFC fast food.
If I'm gonna pay $10 for fries, at least serve it on a plate!
The bar counter top has a rusting-nickel smell...quite distracting.
But extra tip to the bartender for such attentive and friendly service.
Great low key place to watch sports and also two pool tables in the back away from the seated area.

Love the happy hour.
Courtney is the best bar tender and will take very good care of you even if the bar is full.
Megan is awesome as well.
Cant go wrong with that pair.
Food is always fantastic.
Besides great happy hour specials the regular menu is just as equally good.
And sweet potato fries mmmmmm need I say more.
I love all the PTs in town but love this one the best.

Great staff!!
Food leaves a bit to be desired, though.
The staff is the main reason we come here because they are all great.
Typical machines, but the PT's players club is among the worst I have seen.
If you are looking for a place to have a drink and relax, this is a winner.
If you are hungry or want to gamble and get a return on your money, no!
Biggest problem with the food is if the fryer goes out, so does 90% of their menu.
The last thing I want with an alcohol hangover is a grease hangover as well.
If you are in a bind or on a diet, they do have one or two wraps as well as a few decent pizzas.

Food was okay but Leslie the server is horrible!
I was standing behind her for 10 mins while she talks to another customer.
No one else was at the bar to help.
I had to call the bar to get someone and another bartender came and she said that Leslie will help me get my food.
Really??
I've been standing there for awhile and did not even acknowledge me???
Bad customer service!

So I no longer complain about feeling hustled.
What a difference a couple of years make.
I no longer go visit that friend because he is no longer my friend.
The bartender that I (and others) felt hustled us at the end of our nights is no longer working for the company.
So yes, I make the trek here all the way from Summerlin for a great bloody mary and some cheap gaming.
Christian is great and makes my bloody marys just the way I like them, spicy and delicious.
He is attentive and always looks out for me to make sure I get some kind of snack or something for my gaming.
My complaint is with the company itself, not the location.
They used to give us bonuses for playing with our players cards and you come in and get a nice $10.00 playing bonus or something.
Well, that is obviously GONE!
and it sucks too.
I've been bringing friends and they sign up for the card and in one sitting between the three of us we played about $1000.
I just knew two nights later I would have a great players bonus on my card.
But nope!
Nothing.
I was told that they suspended that for now.
Really?
C'mon company dudes!
Give us a bone.
There are too many places to gamble and at least have the illusion that we are gaining something even if not during that time of play, we can live for the points that we accumulate.
But now that you no logner honor that I gotta say you suck for that.
So that's my only complaint but love the bloody mary's!

One of the nicer PT's I've been to!
About a 30-40 minute drive from home, but we went because friends were watching the Super Bowl there!
Plenty of TV monitors, at every angle, to watch at.
Staff were friendly nice, attentive, and definitely enjoyed working there.
Drink and food prices were decent!
Love their Happy Hour!
AND their Pizookie is AMAZING!
Definitely a cool place to hang out and drink at!

I've only been here for happy hour a couple of times.
The buffalo chicken pizza is pretty good and the drinks are alright.
The bartenders are friendly and the place is clean.
I ordered a sangria one night but wasn't too fond of it.
Overall it's a decent place just to hang out and play pool.

What can you say...PTs, kind of like the 7-11 of bars in town.
One on every corner.
Friendly bartender, decent drink prices.
Only one pool table at this location though.
We did come on a Friday evening, wasn't too busy.
Decent place to grab a few drinks and relax.

