Both my son and my niece have been going to St. Rose Pediatrics, from the day they were born.
Dr. Hyun is my son's main provider.
She is very caring and even tells my son she loves him.
She is very informative and has helped us make many 1st time parenting decisions.
Dr. Alazard did my son's circumcission.
He is very informed on the latest practices of how to complete the procedure with little pain and uses new research on sterile practices.
Dr. Hyun always returns my messages, personally, within a few mins.

There is another office for St. Rose Pediatrics that is not listed here.
It is at  10911 South Eastern Avenue Henderson, NV  (702) 564-8556  I go to this office.
It is hard to find for the first time because it is in a HUGE office complex.
You have to take Eastern until you get to Sunridge Heights Parkway and then turn into the business complex with Lee's Discount Liquor on the corner (probably right).
Then go down the road until you see a place to turn into the complex on the right.
You will see a car wash (pretty good place from the one time I have been there) and go down until you get to the first building on the left.
You should see the sign on the left.
The office there is pretty busy but I like the fact they have a sick and well child waiting room.
Even though they are busy the office staff there have been pretty nice and fairly prompt in getting back to me.
If you need paperwork filled out for school or something they will do it for free but there is a two day wait for it.
This is a group practice and I have seen two doctors there and they have been really nice.
When I though my son was REALLY sick I called the non-emergency medical line and left a message.
They got back with me in two hours and I talked to a nurse.
We set an appointment the next day for my child to be seen.
About an hour later the doctor we were going to see the next day (Dr. Hodapp) actually called me personally and asked some more questions to make sure what was going on was not a true emergency.
I thought that was really nice of them and a good pick-up on their part considering how busy their office is.
If you need a doctor for your children and don't mind a group practice I think this is a nice place to go and with three children I am VERY picky about doctors!

Ok so I've been going to St Rose Pediatrics for about 2 years now and I'm done with them!
They have the worst service!
They're like a sweat shop for their clients.
Number is key for them- In and Out!!!
If you want a pediatric office that will do the basics, ie: see your child for a cold, get immunization shots, then this is the place for you!
I cant believe how rude the receptionist are when you need assistance cause the doctor writes a bad script and I needed a new one.
Not only was the receptionist rude but even my daughters pediatrician  was careless about the situation.
Dr Gussic wrote a script for my daughter, cause she has chronic Neuropathic pain,  Friday  May 6th, 2011 and it was dated March 23, 2011.
Here in Nevada scripts are only valid for 14 days.
The pharmacist couldn't fill it for me.
So I had to wait till Monday May 9th 2011 to get an updated script from Dr. Blaze Gussic.
( ok so maybe he made a mistake ) I would actually think that but this wasn't the first time I've had to deal with their negligence.
Upon speaking to Dr. Gussic about the invalid script, he stated he was too busy to write a new script and that if I wanted to I could try to get to his office by 6pm and he may have time then to do so!
WTF!!!
Are you kidding me!!!
Ive probably dealt with some of the best medical facilities in the world.
( from, Primary Children's Medical Center, SLC Utah.- Lucile Packard Children's Hospital @ Stanford Medical Center ), just to throw out there.
St Rose doesn't really have a Medical line.
wont see walk ins!
They tell you go to the emergency room!
Ridiculous!
Your office has like 6-8 Doctors and you cant make time to take care of your clients!
Oh!
I guess they can only see children that are scheduled to be sick!
Try getting a hold of your pediatrician on the weekends here.
Yea right!
They don't care enough to have an on call Dr or nurse try to handle anything if its outside of the 9-5 work days....    Do your research and try to find a pediatrician that cares and takes the time to really know your child.
Cause I guarantee this place doesn't care.
Like I said-  St Rose Pediatrics of Las Vegas and Henderson is all about the numbers.
They are busy getting you in and out but only form 9-5.

Not the best.
Doctors, nurses, receptionists are not very personable.
Took my son here recently for baby well check up, don't think I'll be coming back.
Nurse stabbed shots into my baby's leg like it was raw meat.
My old pediatrician's nurse would never have given shots like that.

There are goods and bads with St. Rose Pediatrics.
We love the office staff, nurse practitioners and nurse staff.
I rarely have issues with any of them.
The doctors are hit and miss.
Some are incredible and others treat you like a number and not a patient.
When scheduling I won't see Dr. Misch or Dr. Gussic.
Neither have good bedside manners.
We adore Dr. Winkler and we also like seeing Dr. Hodapp.
Both nurse practitioners, Gail and Denise, are fabulous.
We have been going to St. Rose for four years.
both my girls have started since birth here, but we are considering going to a different practice.
It took awhile for us to find the doctors at the practice we like, we can't always see them because of scheduling reasons.
We had a hard time diagnosing my older daughter's asthma due to the different doctors we would see.
It can be difficult to get in for a sick visit on the day of calling.
This is surprising to me since they are so big.
I often have to take extra time off of work to take my kids for appointments.
The practice runs behind schedule, so try your best to schedule in the morning or right after lunch.

I have to chime in that I have had nothing but positive experiences with Dr. Rosemary Hyun.
I moved here 11 years ago and had a hard time finding a decent pediatrician for my 3 children.
About 9 years ago we found St. Rose Pediatrics and have stayed because of their experience, compassion and follow up.
All the doctors at the practice are good...we do have our favorites but overall the entire staff are top notch.
We do use the Eastern office for sick visits because it's closer but for physicals go to the Cimarron location to see Dr. Hyun for well visits.

My daughter is 9 months old and we have been with St. Rose Pediatrics since she was born.
Her regular doctor is Dr. Alazard, but she has seen both doctors Misch and Hodapp for sick visits.
I have nothing but pleasant things to say!
The wait is rarely long - especially when I am there with an appointment.
All the doctors there are great - they're kind and funny, but sincere when it comes to your child's health and wellness.
I'm definitely a more realistic and rational parent - I don't expect pediatricians to spend an hour of their (expensive) time so they can discuss at length everything about my child.
I do expect a doctor to discuss my child's progress, any concerns and treatment (if sick) - all of those things they do very well, very efficiently and completely.
I never leave the office thinking, "dangit, I forgot to ask ___" or "They didn't tell me about this.
"  The whole clinic is run efficiently - doctors appointments are never annoying.
Highly recommend!
I'd also recommend the Cimarron location..
It's a bit nicer and I've found the appointments remain on schedule.

I have taken my daughter to St. Rose since she was born 8 years ago..it's an ok office, but very hard to stick to 1 doctor...Many times I tried making appointments with the doctor I had originally choosen for her in the beginning, but got a different one..I guess I just went back to them just because it was familiar and easier than starting somewhere new again...
I recently took her in for a tb shot to go to school in California and while I was there I wanted to ask the Dr (that I had never met before of coarse) what I should do if I have concerns regarding her behavior..she asked me to give a couple examples so I did and then she said I would need to take her to a Dr. in Cali and get a referral from them to go to a specialist because she wasn't one.
I got a bill from them for $88.00 that my ins.
wouldn't cover and I called them to question it because she did nothing for me regarding her behavior issue, yet I still got a bill.
They wouldn't do anything about it..so for a five minute talk that I got NOTHING out of, I got billed $88.00..to me, that's absurd!
I will not be going back to them...hope their $88.00 was worth it to them!
Go somewhere better people, don't deal with people like them.

My son is 7 months old and we've been taking him here for his last few well baby appointments.
We have seen a different doctor every time and we have liked most of them.
We really like Dr. Hyun and Dr. Alazard.
We also like the nurse practitioners.
I like that this is a group practice because it's easy to make an appointment that fits your schedule.
We have been to both locations.
The one on Eastern is much nicer.
We liked the staff and the facilities.
The Cimarron location is much closer to our house.
The office staff is not as warm as the Eastern location but they get the job done.
We usually schedule the appointments for first thing in the morning so the wait isn't too long.
What is most important to me is the care provided by the doctors and nurses and they have all been great.
We never feel rushed and they are good at explaining things to us first time parents.

I'm annoyed with the people who stated that this place is a "sweat shop, getting kids in and out".
That is outrageous and completely un-true.
Our first experience was a consultation while I was still pregnant, Dr. Hyun who is a partner in the practice spend 15 minutes with us, she answered all of our questions before we could even ask them she was amazing.
When Logan was born in Feb, I noticed a shiver type action and he wasn't eating which isn't right so I kept voicing my concern to the nurses with no response, so Dr. Alazard was on hospital rounds that week and he came to check Logan, when I voiced my concern to him he listened and had them do a glucose test before we left the hospital, Logan scored a 24 when most babies should be at a 60.
Logan was admitted into the NICU for a 14 day stay to regulate his glucose and an infection.
Not only did Dr. Alazard come check on Logan during his hospital rounds that week he came AFTER work hours a couple of times to make sure he read his chart so that he knew what to expect when we took Logan for his first office visit at 3 weeks old.
Since then Dr. Alazard always make sure to call and follow up with us if we have to see another doctor for any reason or if he had something wrong he calls to make sure Logan is doing okay (He had to go on Zantac, He's had Excema and two colds).
If it wasn't for Dr. Alazard those first few days of his life Logan would have slipped into diabetic shock and could have had life changing actions.
In my mind he helped save Logan and is one of the most amazing doctors I've met.
You won't be sorry choosing St. Rose Pediatrics, I haven't had ONE bad experience.

This is a review for the SOUTHWEST LOCATION ONLY.
We recently switched from our previous pediatrician to here after finally having enough of the big chain doctors offices (take a guess where we were!).
We LOVE it!
We have a newborn (born in April) and a 3 1/2 year old.
The first thing I noticed walking up was that they have separate sides for sick children and well children.
I LOVED this!
There are no toys to play with in the waiting room which I liked- you never know how often those things are being cleaned.
The doctors are fantastic- I have seen Hyun and Alazard and loved them both.
At our visit yesterday my 3 1/2 year old was with me for my newborns 1 mo.
checkup.
He was very well behaved so Dr. Alazard offered him an Otter Pop (after soliciting my approval of course!).
My son left saying he can't wait until its his turn to go to the doctors!
He hates doctors visits and is looking forward to it.
That made my day!
If you are looking for a doctors office that gets you in on time, gives you attention and addresses all of your concerns, and seems to genuinely care about their patients then this is the pediatrician for you.

I love my pediatrician Dr. Hyun.
Very professional and personable.

So far so good.
We've been bringing our son here since the day he was release from the hospital.
Dr. Alazard just happened to be doing rounds the week he was born and even though we had chosen another pediatrician we decided to stick with him.
He's wonderful and caring.
Never rushes us through appointments and answers all of our questions.
Another plus is that they do have same day appointments for emergencies.
It's not a walk-in per say, but if you call first they will get you in to see a doctor.

I must say that my son's 2 yr. old appointment was less than stellar.
To start the person who made the appointment with my wife booked it for 8am and then told us that the earliest time was 9am, so when we reached the Dr.'s office, of course we were told that we were an hour late.
The nurse who took my son's vitals was very snarky.
It was as if our presence offended her.
Her attitude was so rancid, I would have sooner dealt with a passerby on "The Las Vegas Strip" than to deal with her.
I  The only saving grace was Dr. Winkler, her as so kind and attentive and very through.
Most of all she gave my wife and I eye contact.

Complete garbage.
Today marks the third time I've spent over an hour in the office to have nothing more than have my baby weighed.
Terrible bedside manner, long wait times, and totally unprofessional.
Not much else to say

The one thing I like about this group is that the PA and doctors all have double digit experience.
But they are so busy they rush when seeing your child and I'm the type who write down questions for the PA or doc but they are in such a rush they half ass answer your questions or don't even let you complete your question and answer a question ur not trying to ask.
Another thing is the real doctors are rarely in the office.
Every time I go there I have no choice but to see the PA.
They clearly don't undersand u have a child and they can run u behind so if ur 3 minutes past the the time to be in the office they will reschedule u no exceptions, and are rude about it.
There are many other things, but I wouldn't take my precious child there they are to big and busy.
Hate this group

I have previously submitted a review (you can search below), because I was very happy with the practice.
However, within the last year it has become near impossible to schedule a doctor's appointment or even speak with a doctor.
Their practice is VERY busy - and as a result, their service has suffered considerably.
With that said, I think the doctors are all very pleasant and respectable.
However, I've been opting to have my kids vaccinated at the Southern Nevada Health District (shocking, I know) because I'm in and out in 15 minutes...
Instead of the 1.5 hours that I would have spent at St. Rose.

Dr. Rosemary Hyun is absolutely the most wonderful pediatrician we've ever met.
She's amazing with both of our boys and we can't recommend her highly enough!
The problem is that so many people know it now that she's booked several months out...
Either way we'll continue to work around her schedule and take our boys to her exclusively.

I have to say St Rose Pediactrics is wearing super thin on me.
Appointment time was 11:00am.
45 minutes after we are put in a room.
25 minutes later a doctor still has not come in.
It's about time to scale back the number of clients and/or appointments you take.
Look, I've even had enough time to write this review AFTER reading all the others.

I have seen three of the four doctors in this practice and I have always been satisfied with each one of them.
Dr Wrinkler is only on Fridays and Mondays, but it is never hard to schedule appointment with her.
The staff here are friendly and very down to earth.
I love the fact that if they just needs shots you can walk in or schedule appointment the next day.
They have been able to see all my kids in one appointment.
They also do same day appointments.

