These guys ruled today.
They were not vultures about the rock chip and gave me a smokin deal.
This location rules!

Drove by and the $2.55/gallon deal enticed me to drop by since my car was in desperate need for a car wash anyways.
(Must buy car wash in order to get the gas deal).
A guy came out immediately as I parked and asked to make sure that I was going to get a carwash with gas purchase, I said yes.
I caved in to their complete interior detail ($85) when all I wanted was "The Works" carwash ($15).
Good sales pitch, but a bit pushy.
I checked out the entire list of car wash options, and they go all the way up to $230 for some of their packages- wow!!
If I were to spend that kind of money, my car better look stinkn' new!
I didn't go for any packages since they were a bit outta my price range for a car wash.
They did an awesome job with the complete interior and carwash though, my car looks brand-new.. and I didn't have to purchase a package!
Glad I stopped, but kinda spent more than I was planning to.

The upsells and then the lack of follow through to provide what we were just upsold lands this place a 2 star.
$15 car wash should mean that I don't have to walk around my car and point out 3 places that there is still MUD on my truck!
Unreal.
Sorry but people need to step it up and start putting it on these giant chain places and make them provide better service.
By the way, I paid for the undercarriage wash as well.
I forgot to check that part out.
Big mistake.
They didn't even do it.
Of course I was 8 miles away before I figured that part out.

I've been going to this place for 4 years with 5 different cars.
NO MORE!!!
Took my Mazda in for a wash and oil change.
The pulled the usual "your transmission oil is really dirty" No its not i just had mazda change it less then 1k ago.
They pulled the same with my lady's honda too.
Wanted $165 but were "having a deal today" $120.
No thanks Honda is $65.
Anyways, they call and say my air filter is very dirty and needs to be replaced.
I say go for it.
After 2 hrs of hang out I get my car.
Drive down power and at every stop light my car dies.
I turn around and take it back to them.
At the front desk I tell the lady whats going on and she gets a supervisor.
I explain to him what's going on and he takes my keys and checks it out.
After about 20min he comes back and says the during the air filter instal that my intake tube broke and that it needs to be replaced.
Ok cool when will you guys fix it?
He starts in saying that its not his fault and that its plastic and these things happen.
That he would do me a favor and ALLOW me to purchase the replacement part at cost from them.
Yeah sorry buddy not going to work on me.
When I asked for his manager he proceeded to tell me that his manager "will just tell me the same thing" really go get him and have him say it face-face.
Needless to say the manager never come out.
The kid came back with an incident report for me to fill out.
His manager was going to take care of it.
A day later they call and say my part is in and I can come in anytime before closing and they would put in on for me.
(they put a band-aid on it by wrapping the tube in electrical tape) Show up at 6pm No one has any idea where the part is.
After 45min the dude finds it and ask when will i come back to have it installed , because no one was around to do it.
I just grabbed it out of his hands and walked to my car.
I did it my self.
Never will I go back to Danny's

I like getting a deal on my Shell gas when I get a car wash here.
The car washes are very good!
I got a Pacific breeze scent, which was nice.
They vacuumed the inside very nicely.
One time something happened during the car wash and one of my hub caps broke.
The staff informed me of it and replaced it at no cost to me and offered to take care of my next car wash on the house.
The staff is friendly.
There's a nice place to wait inside with couches, TV, a fish tank, and a nice little store to browse through.

