Jessica is amazing!
I have used her service many times and will continue.
I can always tell how my cats have been treated by how they are when I get back.
If they are needy, then they did not get much attention, however, if they kind of leave me alone that means they got lots of loving!
My cats are never needy when I come home:-)  Jessica will text me an update after she visits my babies and let me know how they are doing.
Next time you need an animal sitter call Jessica, your babies will love her!

Jessica was a lifesaver!
My old pet sitter backed out the day before I left for a week vacation (over the New Year holiday).
I called Jessica at Pets Are Cool and we made an appointment for her to come by for a consolation the same day.
I was nervous about a stranger taking care of my cat and being in my home when I was out of town, but I was in a bind.
She showed up early, and I got a good vibe from her right away.
She is very sweet, you can tell she really loves her job, and loves animals.
My cat wasn't very social when she came over the first time so while I filled out the (very thorough) paperwork, she sought out my cat and played with him.
We chatted for a while, going over what she needed to know about my cat, location of food, ect, and she shared stories of her experiences sitting.
She is professional, but also very friendly.
I could have chatted with her much longer but was very busy.
While I was gone she feed my cat, cleaned the litter box, and gave him play and cuddle time.
I told her she only needed to clean the box once while I was gone, but she did it every time she came.
She also sent me a text me every time she came by with a nice update on how things went.
After having a great experience with her, I am surprised she only had one review on yelp, as she has been in business for years.
She's not the crazy cat lady type, just has a big love for animals, especially cats.
I will definitely be using Jessica's service again, for both my dog and cat.

Jessica and her service are a winner!
I felt very comfortable with Jessica, it was apparent that she is an animal lover.
I was able to leave the country for two weeks knowing that my cats were being well cared for;  that was a huge relief  She sent me updates about my kitty kids, including any mischievous behavior.
.and as my ship headed out to sea I got a photo of the kids eating,  All were in their usual spots.
.things were normal at home!
I will definitely use her again and I highly recommend her!

Jessica is great!!!
Our two boys love her and we can always count on her being there when we need her to be.
It's great to be able to leave our boys in the comfort of their home and know that someone will be there for them when they need to go out and to play.
Thanks Jessica!

