Agreeing with Greg M, they have a few nice restaurants but they need more shops to open to bring this place alive.
I will need to check out the Farmer's market here.
It is sad to see a great idea and concept sit empty.

closes wayyyy to early!

I really dig this place.
They have really good restaurants, a few cool shops and a Harkins movie theater.
During Christmas it's always decorated really nice and has Christmas music playing.
They will be opening a Toby Kieth's pretty soon, which should be fun.

I was going to go there for lunch but could not force myself to go in after reading all the rules the have in place for the after eight crowd.
No excessive jewelry no solid colors no tank tops and the list goes on.
When do Toby become become such a controlling Libtard.
Almost felt like the Feds were running it.
Can't patronize places like that.

A casual, outdoor mall, geared towards adults.
It has just the right amount of shopping, food & entertainment!
Also, I've never been nearly run over by kids here...
SERIOUSLY a plus :)  I really enjoy visiting on Saturday mornings (okay, MID-mornings) to enjoy the Farmers Market that sets up in the center of the mall.
Afterward I watch a movie and then do a little shopping at the stores before heading home.
Soooo relaxing!
I think the Farmers Market is there every Saturday 9 am - 2 pm.
Below I've listed all the places I've been to or seen, but it might not be all inclusive, so please don't send me hate mail, lol.
STORES: (the top 4 are my favs) Francesca's Collections Victoria's Secret Bath & Body Works Brighton Collectibles See's Candies Sunglass Hut Icing Chico's The Children's Place  Christopher & Banks Dog's Etc Vans Savvi by Mr.
Formal Olive Gourmet  FOOD:  Coffee Tea & Me (I love their sweet chai tea latte's & $1 mini cupcakes) BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse (this is my go-to place) Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar Grimaldi's Coal Brick-Oven Pizzeria (always hoppin!
) Blu Burger Grille  ENTERTAINMENT:  Harkins Park West Cinema (I'm always there, lol) Sandbar Toby Keith's I love this Bar & Grill  OTHER:  Ideal Image Vivaldi's Salon Suites Mystic Nails Massage Envy Portrait Innovations Pleasant Pediatrics LensCrafters

