We were recently having some work done on our house and it was going to be impossible to sleep there during the process.
I decided to book us a hotel using some points and choose this place for it's proximity to our house.
This is a newer Hilton Garden Inn and it's pretty standard for the chain.
They have their "American Grill" restaurant, a pool, business center, work out room, and pantry area to grab snacks.
The staff was very friendly and check in was a breeze.
My favorite part about staying in Hilton Garden Inn's are the beds.
Seriously.
They have a memory foam type mattress similar to a Tempurpedic and I LOVE them.
The bed was comfy and it converted my husband.
He now wants one for our home.
The room was clean, the common areas were clean and well-maintained.
It's definitely a little bit of an odd location (surrounded by office parks) but it worked for us and there seemed to be plenty of families there.

Clean rooms and nicely decorated, but a patronizing blonde female desk clerk and a broken A/C made this stay less than desirable.
Sure, a friendly desk clerk came to my room to try to fix the problem, but this didn't make up for the repairman not fixing the problem earlier that day, and leaving the drill in my room - no less.
Then wasted time that evening with the desk clerk, and eventually the next night I had to switch rooms since they couldn't repair the A/C.
I would've gotten over that, if it weren't for the patronizing desk clerk the two days I saw her - mentioning the problems I was having with my A/C AND if they didn't charge me $3 for travel size toothpaste (that's normally free at regular Hilton's) AND if they didn't charge me every day for my 2 bottles of water, that I typically receive for free as a Gold member.
The general manager ended up resolving these issues graciously at the end of my stay - thank you to him - but I was still less than pleased with my experience here.
I'll give it 3 stars - not terrible, but certainly not the best.

I stayed here for work and had some meetings in the area which made the location very convenient for me.
I just hopped in my car and was at my office 5 minutes later.
The hotel seemed pretty new-ish and there were free cookies at check in.
There is also a restaurant downstairs and a gym if you're into that sort of thing.
My room was clean and well kept.
My only minor complaint about the room would be that the air conditioning is super loud!
There are a couple of restaurants right outside, but they close pretty early.
Other than that there isn't too much close by, but if you drive up the street a few blocks to Happy Valley, you can find every big box store and chain restaurant imaginable.

Great hotel!
Service was quick and professional, workout center was perfect.
Ill stay there again

My standard hotel when I travel to Phoenix, and not staying in Scottsdale.
Hotel is clean, service is prompt and friendly, and they have pretty good food and beverage service.
Nice common areas to socialize and relax too.

While I cannot rate the hotel rooms, I will tell you that the Easter brunch there was THE WORST I've ever had.
We arrived around 1:00pm per our reservation, and we had to wait 10 minutes before we were seated.
They took us into a back meeting room, where tables were so close together you could reach out and touch the family next to you.
And while the staff was pleasant, our waiter had so many tables and we had to flag him down each time we wanted a refill on our drinks.
At one point, he served us basically carbonated water when it was meant to be soda.
It took him at least ten minutes to get us the "right soda" and it STILL tasted horrible so we just gave up.
Now, the food wasn't much better.
There were only a few choices of meats (dry turkey, ham, stale sausage and bacon) and the mashed potatoes were overcooked as well as the eggs.
The food was lukewarm, and had no taste.
The salad bar was pathetic.
They had one large bowl of lettuce, some dressing, and croutons.
No additional dressings or other veggies.
The bowl was pretty much empty the whole time, so the staff wasn't paying attention to it.
The dessert table was a joke.
Most of the time there were only crumbs left with sad, pathetic drizzles of the remnants of chocolate syrup drizzled on the serving plates.
Plus, the selection was marginal at best.
Overall, we were extremely disappointed in our visit.
This was supposed to be my birthday treat from my parents, and it was a big letdown.
My recommendation is that if you live in north Phoenix and you're looking for a good brunch, DO NOT come here.
They charged $20 per person ($100 for the five of us), yet I bet my family and I only ate $15 worth of food because it was so horrible.
This was a MAJOR disappointment.
You know the buffet is bad when you have to stop at a fast food restaurant on the way home just to get a burger to fill you up.

Four stars for the hotel and the room.
It was great!
Nice air-conditioned room.
Very comfy beds and wifi.
What more could a girl ask for?
Minus one star for my experience when trying to have breakfast.
I did not understand the process of getting food (order, without a menu, then help yourself to bread and fruit).
She mad me feel stupid in front of coworkers and even asked some of the others 'is she serious?
' At the idea that I couldn't understand the process that was not told to us.
Luckily I went first because no one else had understood either before I was shamed into breakfast items I didn't even like but preferred to get this girl away from me.
But the room was great!
The shower was nice, hot tub lived up to its name.

Very bad Mother's Day brunch.
No waffles (which they have during the week for business travellers), no omelettes, prime rib was over done, salad bar was minimal, seasonal veggies  (zucchini) had frozen mixed veggies mixed in (I think that disqualifies it from being seasonal) desserts-rice krispy treats-need I say more.
It was only $23, but for the money, I felt taken.
I will never eat here again, I'm so disappointed.
Next time I will go to the Great Wall chinese restaurant for dim sum.
The staff seemed nice and obliging.

