Just started going to this one last week...been doing good so far.
Good amount of machines and I don't have to deal with all the perfect "i work out every day two times a day" crowd i did when i went to the one out in scottsdale.
I'll do an update on the classes when I get to them.
Thats the thing that gets me all the classes are from 9 to 7 when i work and not a big variety like the one in scottsdale.

Good gym with good equipment.
Only three good trainers there.

Although this location is smaller than others, it does have a great laidback atmosphere.
The front desk staff is friendly and make every effort to make me feel like a valued member.
With that said, it would be great if they would open a location in the north valley (Norterra area).

We were looking to join a gym recently, but when we showed up to talk to someone and get a tour, they wanted us to fill out these liability release forms and sign them.
Why do we have to divulge all of our personal information including our date of birth and sign a liability release form just to get a tour?
We walked out.
That seemed like a red flag.
A sneaky way to get us on some kind of spam mailing list or something.
No Thanks!
We went straight to LA Fitness and they were happy to give us a tour right when we walked in.

I love this gym, I do wish it were closer to a freeway or either more north or more west for me.
I agree with Will M. that it would be great at Norterra and lets face it, there are empty spots there just waiting for a great gym.
I love the attitude at this gym and the metro location as well.
There is always someone onsite caring for the equipment and keeping the place clean and tidy.
I dont remember that care when i was at LA Fitness.
The equipment is color coded to the muscle they work and that is awesome!
I like the staff and the people that go here and have made many friends.
They also have this new finger print system so you don't need a gym card with you to go, you just enter your phone number and scan your finger (very cool).
Sorry if you are a twin and like to cheat though....  Also be sure you check out Costco before you join to see if they still have the special of a 2 year membership for $299.00 (that's about $12/month)  It's a smoking deal and is good for all gym locations across the nation.

I've been coming to this gym for a couple years now, and I prefer it to any other gym I have gone to in the valley.
When I moved to this side of town there was no hassle when I transferred my membership.
I primarily use it for the cardio equipment, especially during the summer months when its too damn hot outside to go for a run without getting heatstroke.
The crowd is pretty normal, lots of regular folk and the staff is friendly as well.
I've only had a couple issues with equipment, such as the treadmill with the broken "slow down" button.
But I suppose life is made for a challenge like that to be thrown at you every once in a while.

Hint: get free online pass Friendly reception & staff Clean, well-configured for equipment & free weights About 20 ellipticals Kiddie fitness center; apparel & refreshment area Nice locker rooms: need own lock Towels for rent

Best location I have been to.
The club looks new, it's clean, good selection of cardio machines.
Locker rooms are very nice for such an inexpensive gym.
They even have the swimsuit dryer.
If you live nearby, I definitely recommend coming here.
There is a Kid's Center also.

What can I say?
I love this gym.
Paid for 3 years at a time, now I am grandfathered in to pay a whopping $59 a year.
Yay me!
The facilities are always clean, and the trainers (so far) top notch.

Very nice gym!
I've worked out here several times when visiting AZ & every time it is super clean, not crowded, and the staff is super friendly.
Great sport club!

24 Hour Fitness is legit !
I love this location because the employees at check-in are always nice and the facility for the most part is kept clean.
Plus, it doesn't smell like urine or sweat !
The locker room area is okay I mean its a locker room.
I like the fact that you can take a shower in privacy instead of the public shower rooms like at Bally's when they were still in business.
I have nothing to be ashamed of but I never understood the concept of showering in front of everybody.
Its quite stupid if you ask me.
The hot tub jacuzzi is always hot and clean.
I love the sauna and steam room.
Daycare ( Kids Gym ) is only $15 per month and is open 8AM to 12PM and then again at 4PM to 9PM.
This is perfect as my four year old son is our little motivator.
He wants to go to the gym !
An daycare employee got an attitude with the wife ( I wish she would have with me ) because my wife finished her work out late and picked up our son 10 minutes late after the Kids Gym closes.
Look lady get over it !
We pay $15 per month.
If you had to leave in such a hurry try using the intercom next time.
Don't give an attitude !
Anyways, this gym is open 24 hours with the exception of Fri and Saturday when they close at 9PM.
The metro center location is open 24 hours 7 days a week.
24 hour Fitness.
Yes, I'm a fan because I love working out when I want even if its 1AM !

I've belonged to this gym since it opened.
I don't know if it's because of a recent change in management, but it appears they are not paying attention to maintanence of the cardio machines.
Many of the treadmills have a sqeaking noise to them like the belts need attention and the heart rate monitor does not work on most of them.
Also, they are a bit stingy with the air conditioner, in my opinion.
Overall.. looking worn down.
Thinking of making a change.

Yes, it's on the Northwest side and its tucked into a non-descript strip mall better known for being the home of Padre Murphy's Sports Bar, but don't let appearances fool you, this is a great gym.
The gym offers a large selection of cardio equipment, weight machines, free weights, and group exercise classes.
It also has a pool, hot tub, sauna, and steam room.
But will really makes this gym special is its kids care facility.
It has video games, pop-a-shot, and a giant climbing structure that my kids like so much, they are begging to go to the gym... and it's a lot easier to get a workout done when the kids are excited about going!
Definitely a great find and well worth the drive to the Northwest side.

I love 24 Fitness.
I would consider myself kind of a gym snob, very picky about cleanliness and equiptment.
Staff friendliness is huge!
This 24 Hour delivers.
Always kind faces, and clean facilities.
I drive past 3 other gyms to get to this one.
The big deal clencher was the cleanliness of the steam room and sauna.
I searched high and low for a CLEAN steam room.
All the patrons are friends with one another.
I got a sweet deal through buying a two year membership at costco, so it ends up being $12 or $14 per mo.
The cardio equipt is a little cheesy...some of them don't incline, etc, but they have a TRX suspention strap system and large undulation/ throw ropes.
The managment really has a pulse on what it's clientel is looking for.
Not alot of standing around trying to impress and take up space like I've seen at other gyms.
People come here to do what they love.
The patrons here are more mature, both mentally and physically and being a student myself, I really like the family friendly atmosphere.
would highly recommend, unless all you care about is good cardio equiptment, then I would say...go play with some wieghts :)

My fiancee and I just recent started using this 24 hour fitness.
We used LA Fitness for years but didn't like the crowd or atmosphere much.
So, far I am very pleased.
The staff is friendly, the facility is clean and our 9 year old loves the kids room.
There is a small shop inside as well for supplements, bottles and even workout attair.
They are never super super packed which is nice.
You do not have to wait around for equipment.
All in all I am pretty please, I would certainly recommend.

I am torn between a 3 and 4 star.
This particular location feels very crammed together.
Not much room between machines and weights.
Over all the gym feels old and out dated.
Though it is clean.
Rubber grips on nearly all cable machines are terribly worn and need replacement.
Store section of the gym is tiny.
Not a concern for me.
But others may be disappointed.
Bathroom area is an odd layout, at least for the men's.
Good number of drinking fountains and good locations.
Parking lot is run down for the whole shopping area.
Careful entering and exiting lot, steep.
Gym is well lit, but overall I am starting to wonder when any of the 24 hour Sport locations will upgrade equipment as it is the same as when I joined over 6 years ago.

As 24 Hour Fitness gyms go, this one is one of the nicer locations.
Most of the time, the treadmill I choose to use works, but there is obviously no preventative maintenance done on their machines.
Some of the treadmills don't increase or decrease in speed quickly because the buttons don't work well, so it's impossible to do interval training.
The weight machines are always clean and in good repair, and the number of juicers that hog the machines is minimal.
It's not the nicest gym ever, but if you compare it to other 24 hour fitness locations, it's definitely one of the nicer ones.

This place is next to my work so it's convenient.
The staff is friendly and always willing to help.
Definitely recommend this place

Overall, this is an above average gym, though not "amazing.
" It has a little bit of everything.
The weight area contains a lot of machines, with a wide variety of unique machines to try out.
The equipment is pretty decent and well maintained; there is a freeweight machine, two squat racks, among other similar equipment.
Also, there is a "cross functional" area with medicine balls, balance things, etc, which is a nice touch.
It never gets crowded at this gym, so you don't really have to worry about waiting to use anything.
The front desk people are very friendly; they always greet you when you enter and exit the gym.
The only slight con about this place is that the location isn't very good - its located in a run down mall with an abandoned store next to it.
Also, they close at 9 on Fridays and weekends because they don't have the clientele to keep it open.
Still, this gym is a pretty good place to join if you don't mind these things.

If you like old people sitting around talking naked in the locker room or sitting on equipment doing nothing  or a ghetto meat market where a knife fight can break out at any moment this gym is for you.

