I love Popeyes on a Tuesday!!!
You get a leg and a thigh for 99 cents.
How awesome is that?!?!
Plus the Spicy Fried Chicken is pretty darn good.
Every bite is full of flavor.
I have yet to try anything else on the menu, but I'll definitely will be back.
Weird side notes: There are like 4 or 5 chicken places in this area and I have yet to give the other places a try because Popeyes is so cheap and tasty.
Also, if you have a hard time looking for this location, it is attached to a Fills.

Tuesday $1 2-piece chicken is the only reason for me to come.
Otherwise, the sides cost more than the chicken!
Its fast food so can't expect much.

A small scoop of mashed potatoes for $2 with (3) pieces of the most greasiest bland chicken ever at $8 and a cashier who can barely speak English makes this place definitely off limits after (2) visits.
They just can't seem to get things right there.
And they also charge .75 for an extra SAUCE, a f***** SAUCE  (3)piece chicken meal incl( a liter of grease)  extra side (practically a tablespoon or a side for a baby)  a cashier who can barely understand english  = $9.42  I felt as though I had to finish this crap after paying so much for it.
The sides are good but way overpriced!

The service here could use some work.
There's always a communication barrier.
And at one point, they ran out of biscuits.
(?!?!?!?!
) How does a place called Popeye's Chicken and BISCUITS run out of biscuits?!
That's poor planning on the manager's part.

OMG!!
So SLOW!
I went through the drive through to get the 3 chicken tenders meal.
Ten minutes later, I ended up walking inside (almost totally empty) to see where lunch was.
Twelve minutes after ordering, I finally got my (NOT fresh) chicken tenders (no biscuit, although there was supposed to be one) and iced tea.
So much for a quick lunch, and it was awfully expensive for stale chicken and NO biscuit.
DO NOT go here.
WAIT .
UPDATE .
I DIDN'T GET MY ICED TEA EITHER!!
IT WAS DIET SODA!!

After my last Popeye's visit on Rainbow caused my daughter and I to get grossed out I've been searching for a replacement store.
I think I found it; its on my way home from work.
Its down the road from a grocery store I don't mind shopping at and even though its attached to a gas station its an easy in and out.
Keep it up and I will be back!

I placed a large to go order.
It was placed into boxes and was being bagged when the drive thru/manager got an order for a single meal.
She took one of my biscuits and gave it to the drive thru order thus making me wait 5+ minutes for the next batch was made?!!
She put my order on hold to keep her drive thru times down.
I was ordering for a family and the drive thru was a single to go order; pray tell which one should be more important?
My search continues for a clean store with good service!

Food is great, the tuesday promo is a deal.
Forget the service tho.
Came to the drive thru right before closing on a Tuesday night and it felt like I was being hurried along.
I placed two seperate orders and they were all dumped in the same bag and I mean dumped.
then the only excuse this drive thru boy could give me was "I didn't bag em" then promptly closed the window forgetting to give me the rest of my orders.
I had to park and walk in to get them.
your service sucks and I hope u guys read this!!!

Quite possibly the worst location nationwide.
They routinely run out of items on the menu.
The food isn't as good as other locations.
Service extremely slow-- to the point where you seriously contemplate getting back there and helping them out.
Still I would go by because it's so close to the house.
After their refusal of honoring an offer off of the Popeye's website specifically for this location, I'm done.

I grew up on Popeyes - back in high school after tennis practice i would get a 5 piece dark for $2.99.
My first job at 16 was at a grocery store bagging groceries but I desperately wanted to work at Popeyes.
Every time I move, i dont tell anyone but Popeyes has a role in my moving process - I need to be within striking I mean driving distance to my spicy chicken.
So this is currently the closest Popeyes to my house and it is the worse Popeyes I have ever had.
I've been here about 30+ times and probably 1/3 of the time they bait and switch me.
EVERY SINGLE TIME.
i ask for spicy and they give me the mild.
And it's not fresh out of the fryer mild.
It's the mild that no one orders - that gets dried up over time.
I should report their store manager.
I think he/she tells his staff to purposefully serve the mild chicken especially if you go through the drive through.....And why do they even offer mild here?
The mild is the worse fast food chicken...it's even worse than KFC.
Anyhow despite the fact I am let down 1/3 of the time i always come back.
Popeyes is part of my life and always will be.
There's Raising Canes - far superior but I have life long memories of Popeyes.
Maybe i'll now be forced to drive a few miles further to 215/Rainbow but till then i'll return here and cross my fingers I get my spicy chicken.

Every single time we come here, they never get our order correct.
There is always one thing that is incorrect.
Ordered fries and we get beans and rice.
Our receipt even clearly states fries.
It's just frustrating always getting an incorrect order.

The food is great and the staff is friendly, but do not go to this location unless you have 20 minutes to wait for your food, longer if there is anybody in line in front of you.
This location routinely understaffs the unit by 30-50% of the crew needed to get the job done.
Lots of other places to go that care more about service.

