Convertabath took my old 1950's cast iron tub from filthy to fabulous in minutes!
(Insert infomertial voice here)  My bathtub was so old that no matter how hard I scrubbed it and bleached it it was always filthy looking.
I was going to put in a new one until I found out if was almost $1000 to replace it.
I got a coupon in the mail from Convertabath ($50 off) and it ended up costing me less than half to have it resurfaced.
The staff there were extremely friendly and courteous and made sure to keep in constant contact with me regarding quote appointments and when the technician would arrive to do the work.
Their prices were very reasonable and the quality of the work they did was impressive.
My tub looks brand new and clean for the first time.

I love what Convertabath did to my 20 year old bathroom countertops, shower and bathtub!
They look like brand new!
Even the ugly "shell sinks" look great again.
They also covered up a pink formica with wood trim laundry room countertop with their product and it looks like granite now.
Yep....it covered the wood trim too!
Amazing.
I highly recommend this company!!!
You can't beat the price either!

I love these guys!
They sent an estimator for a free quote (who gives free things these days).
He was right on time (another rare thing) and very friendly, and knowledgeable.
He looked at my old bathtub and gave me a very reasonable quote to do a conversion and refinish it.
He left the quote for me to review (not pushy at all).
I went to their showroom and liked what I saw so signed the "proposal and contract" (it states it right on the form don't know why the other lady didnt see that) and scheduled my appt.
The technician came right on time (again unusual) and later that day poof, my old dingy tub is now a walk in bright and shiny shower!
The technician left my bathroom cleaner than when he found it!
I wish I would have found them sooner.
Two of my neighbors have had their tubs done too with the same positive experience.

We recently had the pleasure of having Convertabath remodel our shower.
From start to finish we were very pleased with their service.
The kindness, helpfulness and expert service we received was just very special.
The staff---Susan, Rod and Justin made every effort to see that our need was met.
We have a beautiful new shower and made the acquaintance of a SPECIAL company.
THANK you Convertabath.
Sharon G.

I used Convertabath several years ago.
The workers were all very helpful and did a great job.
However...after a while, the product started wearing off.
Keep in mind that we had 3 full baths done, and only 2 of us live in the home (college kids are away).
So it's not like the rooms were being heavily used.
Anyhow, Convertbath offered to touch up the areas, for a flat $65 labor charge.
So far so good.
But the problem was (and this happened at least 2 times) that they never matched when they did touch up!
Technicians said it was not possible.
So I have a sink area that has tiles that are subtly yet visibly different from the other part of the vanity and a shower with the same problem.
So the product is definitely NOT durable.
In retrospect I would only use this as a short term solution.
The other thing to know (and this IS in the very fine print) is that you will no longer be able to use your soap trays or any suction-cups on any treated service.

My husband, father, and myself have been trying to contact Convertabath several times in the past two months to set an appointment for resurfacing and shower remodeling.
We would call about once a week to test our luck.
Every time we'd call their business number, a lady by the name of Sarah (their office manager, secretary, who knows) would answer and stated that she took down our information for a follow up call.
NEVER HAPPENS.
We figured they may have been busy, so we've made numerous attempts to contact them to set an appointment for their services.
No follow up, no phone call, NADA.
Ms. Sarah keeps saying that we'll get a response back same day, but our contact information must have fallen into a black hole.
It's unfortunate that they conduct such poor business especially since BBB has claimed them to have ethical and excellent business practices.
Not sure how much longer they'll hold on to such a "reputable" title if they're incapable of servicing new clients.
Disappointing!

