I am giving this store two stars because I HAD to be there on a bad day when the newest, untrained, young AT&T employees in the United states were running the store.
( Don't take offense when I use the word, young, all these guys just happened to be.
) I am giving them a second star because it CAN"T be that bad all the time.
I will explain.
First of all, I have a cell phone strictly so that a friend can get hold of me in an emergency.
The only other time I use it is to let people know when I am going to be late.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have one.
The idea of someone driving a telephone booth next to me is not appealing, nor does shopping next to someone who is a walking telephone booth.
I don't want to know that much about someones personal life when I am shopping for banana's, or a newspaper, thank you.
I am waiting for the day when they make a switch and all cell phones turn off around me unless a call is really important=dead battery, sick kids, the cat is throwing up.
Call me antisocial.
I like my peace and quiet.
The job of deciding whether to buy drain cleaner in a liquid or a gel is enough of a job for me without any interruptions about the mysterious Aunt Martha and her bunions, I guess.
I got my first AT&T phone, free, in a raffle at a community event.
It was the most basic and that is fine with me.
I can't complain.
It did what I want and I have gotten good service from AT&T, nor like the nightmare my friend has had with Verizon.
After three years, the phone still works but decided to upgrade.
I went into this store prepared to buy a phone.
It wouldn't take much more than to put in my hands something basically what I wanted and out comes the Visa.
These people did everything they could to not sell me a phone.
They pointed where the phones were.
I found what I wanted and their weren't any hanging there.
I asked a sales person to go check.
He went in the back and a few minutes later I saw him leaning on the counter chatting with the other employees.
I went over and asked him if they'd had any in the back.
He said no.
He had misunderstood me and thought I'd just was telling him the slot was empty?
I then asked if they were getting any in?
He said, "You, mean, you want one?
" He asked another employee who said you never know what's coming in.
The silence then was poignant.
At that point, I left when they didn't offer to call another store.
Seriously.
the service at this store has to be better than what I received.
It can't be that bad.
They are still open.
Me?
I went down the street and found what I wanted.
I won't go back, but honestly, it can't be that bad all that time.
As I said, they are still open..

I wish I would have remembered the Managers name that helped the associate.
The issue of rolling over all minutes unused in an individual plan to a family plan was handled in under 20 minutes!
The Manager offered a charger for my phone with a discount, for the time spent on my issue.
Thank you ATT - You have acquired a Happy New Customer to a Family Data Plan.
(left Sprint after 11 years)

BEST cell phone transaction experience I've ever had!
Julian, Sales Associate was helpful, friendly, and very professional.
Decent rates: I'll be saving money from switching from T-Miserable and now have the White HOT iPhone!!
I'm in love.
All around just a great trip to the AT&T store.
Friendly staff, huge selection of merchandise, and most importantly, they had the white 4G iPhone in stock.
And a neon pink and aqua blue phone case.
Long live the 80's!

Got a two year contract with AT&T and bought an iPhone.
Told them I was moving to northern Illinois and needed nationwide plan and specifically asked if they were sure I would have coverage where I was moving.
They assured me I would have coverage.
After moving, found there was no coverage in my area.
I had to switch to Verizon and buy a new iPhone again.
AT&T charged me $225.00 for early termination fee.
I told them I thought they should wave it, since they told me incorrectly that I would have coverage here.
The lady manager just got snooty with me, interrupted me, and said they would take me to collections if I didn't agree to pay their termination fee.
I would never ever use AT&T again, as they lied to me.

I had a great experience here, twice.
I was recently up for an upgrade to my older model iPhone.
Having had a fantastic experience at the Apple store when I got the first one, I did the upgrade there again.
At the same time I wanted to change my cell phone number to a local number.
While Apple wasn't able to help with that, I did pop by this AT&T store to do it.
On the first visit, I was promptly greeted upon walking in the door.
I let the guy know I needed a new car charger and wanted to change my number.
The car charger was no problem, but there would be a 30-minute wait due to the heavy business in the store.
I wasn't in a rush, so that was okay.
I came back a couple days later and was helped by someone else, who was just as helpful.
I only had to wait a few minutes while he called AT&T support to relocate my account.
He helped me choose a new phone number, and the store manager made sure to put all my employer discounts back on my new relocated account.
We'll see when the first bill arrives, but hopefully all's well.
It was also very cool that the store manager likes to greet every customer who comes in - what a nice business touch.
I had a very good experience at this store.
The only downside is the extremely tiny parking lot, which is shared with the adjoining Wells Fargo.
Very, very tight parking.
I recommend this AT&T store, but you might want to go outside banking hours.

The only reason why they got one star is for the greeter.
Not only did Kiara earned this location a bad review, she lost them a sale.
I told her my phone was not working so she put my phone to her ear as if she was the phone whisperer, clicked my volume button, and then proceeded to ask if I had something spilled on it, I said yes.
So with that answer she stopped her "troubleshooting".
She asked for my information to pull up my account.
I am on a family share plan so,  No I was not on the account but it would have taken me a couple minutes to be added.
I left frustrated!
I went home to plug in my phone and it turned on So, I decided to go to another location.
They got my phone working, let me call my brother to add me to account, and sold me a phone with the upgrade that Kiara so clearly had no time for!!!

Great experience by Henry upgrading my iPhone 4 to the new iPhone 5c.
Traded in my old for something new.
Thank you!

AT&T Wireless gets a 3.
Amanda from this store gets a 5.
I've been an AT&T & Cingular & AT&T customer about 15 years.
I've enjoyed having cell phone coverage increase along my travel corridors, my ability to maintain connections improve, and the amazing advances making me dumber and my phones smarter.
My bill shot up rapidly recently after some plan adjustments.
To the point of my considering leaving my AT&T in search of a better deal for the five members of my former family plan.
Amanda has been excellent the past two years helping me keep my expenses down and providing appropriate phone equipment to my family.
There's a very large cell tower at Sunset Point.
Over the years, my payments for AT&T services have probably kept about a quarter of the AT&T equipment operating on that tower for two or three years.
I will continue keeping the AT&T signal on,  We thank you Amanda for once again finding an appropriate, timely solution to our ever-increasing phone costs.

Yes AT&T is on the pricy side, but I'm glad I went with them.
The sales person was not at all pushy and he answered all my questions.
They had a good selection of phones, I went with my first iPhone.
Glad I did.
Great coverage too

Went to this store to review our cellular plan and change our plan back to what we signed up for.
Some how our plan mysteriously changed to a more expensive one.
It took me a few tried to get the customer service rep to understand that it was wrong.
He kept insisting it was right.
When he finally longed into our account he realized it was wrong.
He was very apologetic and helpful.
He changed our account to reflect what we signed up for.
My favorite part of the AT&T store is that you can make an appointment!!!!!
When you arrive for your appointment you are placed in the que in front of the walk-ins to reflect you appointment time.
We probably would have been there for 2 hours or more but with the appointment we were done in 40 minutes.

I have been an ATNT customer for almost 9 years and have never had a problem with their customer service...  except for this location.
A couple days ago I came In and put my name down and waited for over 40 minutes before I was helped.
I asked how many more people were in front of me and he said 4.
I left after I heard that cause I don't have another hour to waste.
Then today I went in and sat down for over 15 minutes without anyone even greeting me or putting my name down.
I asked if I could putt my name down and a nice girl said there was a guy that was suppose to do it.
Ok??
Well I could only see 2 employees and there must have been over 25 customers in the store.
All looking disgruntled and tired of waiting.
Right as I was about to leave a man came up and told the girl he had waited an hour and that he was leaving disappointed.
I said the same thing!
Ridiculous...
Being a business owner myself I can't believe this kind of thing is going on every day in there.
Where is the manager?
I doubt if I Renew my contract.
Sorry!
Ain't no body got time for that!

