So this is my second goaround at staying in a hostel in lost wages.
I remember vividly staying at the usa hostel on fremont st quite a few years ago and swore never to do the hostel thing in vegas again but being forced to adapt to the obama economy decided to give this place a try.
Obviously any hostel in vegas is not going to be on choice real estate, but this one is within walking distance of the strip albeit a little lengthy and if you are strapped for wheels the bus system has a line nearby that goes between downtown and the strip.
The room itself is located in a portion of a motel.
The one im staying at has three bunk beds with its own bathroom and an actual pseudo kitchen area.
The comunal area is located within one of the rooms which comes with free wifi.
If you just want a cheap bed to crash for a few nights this is a pretty good deal

I love this place.
I will defiantly stay here again.
The staff is very friendly and helpful.
They where interesting enough that i actually hung out in the lobby!
Great People!!!!

15$/nuit, quoi de mieux?!
L'auberge se trouve dans un motel, donc les chambres sont les mêmes, avec cuisine (non fournie), frigo, les placards sont transformés en casiers à fermer à clef.
5 min à pieds de la stratosphere, le 1er casino, et les bus s'arrête a 200m de l'auberge donc parfait!
Par contre l'auberge offre le petit déj mais sur ce coup ils se moquent vraiment du monde!
Ils ont parfois seulement du pain, le lendemain que des pancakes, et s'excusent chaque matin en disant qu'ils vont aller faire les courses dans l'apres midi... chaques jours j'y avais droit!!!
Astuce: descendez à pied vers la stratosphere, traverser le passage piéton et arrêtez vous au bureau des activités de l'angle de la rue qui propose de très bons prix pour aller voir les différents Canyons!
L'auberge a une piscine qui est dégeulasse, des insecte et autres cochonneries flottent sur l'eau.

Carpet was sticky.
Bathroom was VERY mildewy.
Non-smoking room stank of smoke.
Seriously, the carpet was sticky throughout the room.
Gross.

