I went here to redeem my free birthday cone and they gave me the BIGGEST SCOOP!!!
I love this place for it.

Got my fix of 2 scoops of cookies and cream in a waffle cone!
I could taste the cinnamon in waffle cone and the workers were making some too while I was in there.
I think they use the same kind of batter to make funnel cakes.
Mmm....

I like me some ice cream.

Always good!
Located in the Target/Kohl's shopping center.

Yummy!
I had the Reese 31 Below.
The small is a great size.
My huband had an ice cream cone.
We both demolished our sweet treats!

Ice cream is the bringer of joy and with 31 flavors how much more happiness can you find?
Each month they rotate a new flavor in while keeping around the classics.
During the summer, I look for light flavors that captivate the palate.
The combination of citrus and berry is classic and Baskin Robbins does not disappoint with their lemon-blueberry yogurt.
Again, the attendant behind the register makes the ice cream experience.
A bubbly girl makes my yogurt taste better.
No bitterness or resentment served up with my frozen treat.
Just the way I like it.

Even with a bus load of people outside for the special deal going on, they managed to get my order taken care of in an appropriate amount of time.
My order had scoops containing Reese's Peanut Butter cup, red velvet cake and gold medal ribbon.
This was definitely a winning order, so good.
If I were to order another triple scoop ice cream, it would all be gold medal ribbon, even over my usual favorite of Reese's Peanut Butter cup flavor.

What else can you say... it's Baskin Robbins.
Yummy.
I'm still looking for them to bring back the Chocolate Rasberry Truffle.
I like that they don't think it has to be drippy sloppy to be good.

They have the glorious kids scoop for people who can not handle atomic sweetness.
I am one of those people.
When my sweet tooth beckons and my freezer doesn't have my backup of Häagen-Dazs and stale cookies won't suffice, Baskin-Robbins calls my name.
Like the Sirens luring Odysseus and his men, I'll drive out of my way for a scoop.
Yes, I know, I can probably buy a pint for that price, but I'm blessed with beer belly and man titty genetics.
Sorry, I'm not sorry.
They offer several flavors and monstrous concoctions that will definitely induce a sugar coma.
From classic chocolate to daiquiri ice, everyone should be pleased.
During these sultry Las Vegas summers, the nostalgic Baskin-Robbins provides temporary relief until the heat caps off.

We are barely 3 weeks into the NFL season and this Baskin Robbins was out of Quarterback Crunch.
The teenager working at the counter blamed it on the warehouse being out of it yet a BR over in Henderson has plenty of the stuff.
Also this BR only had one chocolate dipped waffle cone in the place at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Can someone tell me that's a warehouse screw-up too?
The only thing keeping the clueless and surly teenager who was working from getting a 1 Star review is the fact that I love their ice cream.
And pralines and cream is always worth a star, no matter where you get it at.

Stale ice cream

Got a hankering for a banana split on the way home... Decided to stop here and give in to my desires.
Got a banana split with peanut-butter and chocolate,  pistachio and rocky road,  caramel topping,  whip cream,  nuts topped with cherries.
Got served super quick,  clean place,  really nice counter girls,  especially the cut blonde that helped me and even offered to help me finish my monstrous dessert.
Lol.
I think i finished it in about 5 mins flat....
Interior was well lit, clean tables and chairs, quick service and clean bathrooms.
The service was what made it 5 stars.
Im such a sucker for peanut butter n chocolate from baskin robbins.
Cheers!
-MikeB

First impression walking into this Baskin-Robbins was that they seriously needed to mop their floors.
Seriously, it was THAT disgusting!
The teenagers working seemed less than thrilled to have customers.
The ice-cream is the only thing that gets a star here.
This place needs better employees and better management!

First of all, I come here with my family and walk into a crowd of people in line..
There was an older lady, Im guessing the "owner" that came to help us,I got 1 kids scoop and 2 regular scoops of Ice cream..
I was getting ready to pay when the lady handed me my last scoop of ice cream saying "Have a great day".. too me I thought that these scoops of ice cream were on the house being as the bigger group before me was still in front of the cashier paying..
I said "are you sure?
" to the lady when she replied, "Have a good day" In my head I was thinking.. wow what a kind lady to give us free ice cream.. then I walked away and sat down with my family..
I told my husband this and he said he would leave some tip just because he wanted to be nice.. As we walk out and my husband places the tip in the tip jar, the lady said to me.. "oh I still need to ring you up, right?
" I was in shock... on top of that I felt so humiliated, thinking that these scoops of ice cream were on the house... She asked me if the tip my husband left in the jar was the money we were going to use to pay for the ice cream..
I told her no, he wanted to leave tip.. She was gonna ring me up with two kids scoops and a regular scoop..
I corrected her saying two regular scoops and a kids scoop and paid my $9 bill..
I am not the type of person to run out on my bill and I was more than happy to pay in the beginning.. She confused me soo much on top of making me feel like a complete idiot.. maybe I missed her saying to pay later on top of the loud crowd, but I was humiliated... Horrible customer service... She also gave me "expired" coupons, telling me it would still be valid.. which if I ever go in here and get humiliated again by having expired coupons..
I don't know what I would do... Needless to say..
I am never going to this baskin robbins again after the customer service that left me feeling horrible!

good ice cream but small place.. if it had a little more space would have been nice to sit and eat the ice cream

I called at 9:25 on a Thursday night and asked what time they closed.
The young girl on the phone said "we close at 9:30".
I thought, 9:30?
Who closes at 9:30?
So we decided to stop by since we were already heading that direction.
We arrived at 9:28 to see that they were getting the store ready to shut down for the night even though the sign on the door said they closed at 10.
Obviously they didn't want to serve us.
When my wife called the girl out she blamed it on her coworker.
Lazy.

I get that Baskin Robbins is a chain, but the service here deserves no less than a 5-star review.
I came in to order an birthday cake, and thumbed through a book of different cakes, most of them were themed for children which was a mild bummer but I ended up ordering a classic style cake.
I got to pick the colors of the cake as well as the borders- not to mention the cake and ice cream flavors.
There isn't a huge selection, but hey- it's still ice cream cake!
I was on my way home from San Diego the day before I scheduled to pick up the cake, Anthony (I think was his name) called to confirm that I wanted the cake next Monday.
I freaked out for half a second before he corrected himself, pickup was tomorrow.
Phew!
YES!
Jamie was behind the counter when I went to pick up, she was great and was able to write a nice happy birthday on the cake since I didn't have the cake topper I planned on getting.
She even fixed a border that didn't look perfect.
What more could you ask for.
Oh..
The cake was delicious and serves more than it seems.
The medium round really does serve 12-16.

Baskin robbins is da bomb !
I am a sucker for the world class chocolate cause it is always so creamy .
The ice cream is really good and they are constantly coming up with new ideas , such as their recent promotion of the coke float .
Sounded pretty good but I opted to try there flavor of the month Oreo cake batter .
Honestly it was the name that sold me .
If it wasn't for the name it would have tasted like a regular Oreo ice cream .
The service was awesome , and they were super friendly and helpful while sticking to the pink spoon pledge .
( allowing you to sample any flavor for as long as you want ) and me being an indecisive person , felt like it made my choices easier while not making me feel bad about trying so many .
I think they need a little more seating in here but it is understandable since it is a small area .

I give it a 2 cause the Icecream cake actually tasted good.
Other than that I have had the worst experience EVER with this location!
I definitely will not be returning and will absolutely make the drive to anothe location.
For my son's birthday, I decided to go to this location to purchase a birthday cake.
I did so on 5 days in advance.
I showed them the picture of the cake they had online and it matched PERFECTLY with my son's Spiderman pinata.
From the moment I came in the female manager was very rude.
The other employee (young girl) was very sweet though.
They said they could do it and I was so excited.
For the employee's sweetness I even gave her a very NICE TIP.
On the day of the pick up, my boyfriend went to pick up the cake and when he got home, IT WAS NOT THE CAKE I ORDERED!!!!!
IT was a tiny square cake with a spiderman figurine on it.
I paid $31 for a cake to feed 6 people and I had a party with atleast 16 kids alone!
I had to pay to get another cake at Dairy Queen and I only Paid $22 and it was 3X the size.
Supposidly, the manager called me and advised me they had issues with making the cake the way i wanted originally.
I NEVER recieved a phone call.
Plus if I knew how TINY that cake would be I would have cancelled and asked for a refund and gotten a cake somewhere else.
UNBELIEVABLE.
BE CAREFUL, THEY ARE RIP OFFS!!!

