I was surprised to not see this place up on Yelp.
Great place--basically a bar and grill specializing in seasonal organic dishes.
Went there recently for lunch and the food was outstanding--everyone loved their meals and they have great side dishes (crazy good broccoli salad of all things).
They have Four Peaks (local AZ brewery) on tap along with other domestics.
Atmosphere was nice and they have outdoor seating.
Place is in a strip mall, but the bar is towards the back so once you're back there you don't feel like you're in a strip mall.
Considering it's all organic food, the prices were reasonable.
We were waited on by the bartender (place only had a few patrons at the time).
Will definitely go there again.

I wasn't expecting much as I walked into this strip-mall restaurant, but it was great.
The casual atmosphere is perfect for lunch or a casual dinner, and the seasonal, local, organic ingredients are a rare find in area eateries.
The server was helpful, attentive and knowledgeable...and I realize I'm veering off topic, but frankly, it was nice to see a server in low-rise jeans who WASN'T sporting a big ol' muffin top.
(What IS the deal with female servers around Phoenix?
Do they think diners want to see waist flab as they're biting into their 2000-cal burger?
)  I ate the blue crab louie salad, which was packed with flavor (I mean, come on, how many times I have eaten bland salads with eggs and crab thrown on it elsewhere, I can't count).
This salad was way beyond my expectations.
My dining companions raved about their meals too.
Check it out!

Firstly - 5 stars for saving our starving party from supping at Subway.
While we walked our way into Subway, our determined group debated dining at the Kozy Cactus since none of us had been before.
On a whim, we decided to forgo the fastfood five-dollar footlong for food from the Kozy Cactus.
Chris wanted to go because he had heard good things.
I wanted to go because I absolutely adore alliteration, albeit awkwardly spelled.
Entrance: Interestingly enough, the front door is in the back.
No alliteration, just a fact.
(hey, a slant rhyme!
)  We were seated quite quickly and were treated to an awesome atmosphere almost immediately: Lights left low, and temperature temperate.
I don't remember the name of the dish I ordered but I do remember it having a different font in the description for the word "THICK" in the sentence "THICK sliced bacon.
"  That sold it for me.
The food was 4-stars overall, but what pushed it to 5 was:  ...THEME NIGHTS.
From what I remember, there are open mics, movie nights, racing nights, happy hours, etc.
and it seemed like you could bring your friends and have a good day of the week.
Well, as you can see from the previous paragraph  I'm tired of trying to alliterate the whole review.
In conclusion, go there instead of the subway next door if you have some extra time and a little extra money because they put in the extra effort.
Questions: Is "Kozy Cactus" better than "Kozy Kactus"?
Is "Kozy Cactus" better than "Cozy Cactus"?
Would a lemon have been as good in my Blue Moon as an orange (they said they were out of lemons but magically found some by the time our drinks came out) ?
Overall, good times.

This location seems to be cursed!
Before it was Kozy Cactus, it was a Voodo Daddy's Magic Kitchen & Bar.
I didn't dare go near that establishment and now I wonder if a spell was cast on the next business to take its place, because it's a little off.
The restaurant is truly cozy.
There are TV's everywhere, which is nice.
When the place is full on a Friday night, it's loud and hard to hear one another.
But it's not as bad as places on Mill Avenue in that way.
Handicapped access is in the back at the door that says, "please use the other door".
It's OK, that's the right door to use and your only option, as they padlock the front gate.
However, if you're in a power chair, don't expect to use the bathroom.
Your chair won't fit.
This is why I've marked this restaurant as "not wheelchair accessible".
It's not really the ambiance or the staff that has thrown my review down to a "one star".
It's the actual menu: The food and drink selection and quality are pitiful and over priced.
My first meal at Kozy Cactus was when they first opened.
I got the Crab Louie salad for lunch.
It was really bad.
I thought I might have tasted dish soap.
My second meal at Kozy Cactus started out with the Pan Sautéed Calamari.
It was over chewy, maybe over cooked?
Maybe reheated poorly, as I'm sure it was frozen, not fresh.
The tomato sauce was good but the bread was straight from an old loaf probably purchased at the grocery store.
This dish made me crave Chef Boyardee, it was that bad.
Since I couldn't eat much more of it, I asked for a large order of regular fries to split with my friend who also suffered through the Calamari.
We inhaled the "regular" fries.
They were good.
My other amiga ordered the "Pub Nachos".
The description on the menu says "thick sliced russet potato chips".
Ignore the word "chips".
The dish wasn't what she expected.
It was thick slices of potato with a bit of cheese on top and some sauteed onions.
This wouldn't be called a chip in England, let alone in Arizona where we all understand what a nacho is.
My two other dinner compadres stuck to plain old regular tortilla chips and salsa to go with their beers and scotch.
They got a small serving of chips and only one refill which took a while to arrive.
The variety of drinks is supremely limited.
The margaritas are weak but I like them that way.
Ultimately, there are a few kinds of beer (not many dark options) and a few kinds of scotch and the rest is at your own risk.
This a very basic place to both eat and drink.
Too basic.
They don't accept credit cards unless you order over $10, which is odd.
Bottom line: There are better pubs with better grub up the street.

This restaurant completely mislead us.
The sign outside said "Organic Menu" but we were a little concerned when we saw the lit Bud Light signs.
This is apparently an organic restaurant AND a pub, which seems like an odd combo.
We went in and after looking at the menu, we wondered where the organic food was.
There was only one thing we were able to see and it was on the kids menu.
We ordered and the food wasn't bad, but quite expensive.
My salad however was supposed to be mixed seasonal greens with heirloom tomatoes.
It was Romaine lettuce with some flavorless tomatoes which was pretty disappointing.
The only saving grace was the sweet potato fries and the white bean avocado spread.
Overall if this restaurant didn't say it was organic and wasn't so expensive, it might have received more stars.

Had a lunch meeting here today and first thought was that it was a sports bar and wasn't expecting much.
To be brief...
I had a Bacon burger with Cheddar... fav...
The bacon was thick GOOD bacon not the cheapy greasy crap.
The burger was so well prepared I was shocked to be honest... very well cooked and seasoned and more of a gourmet burger I'd say but very very good.
I had the broccoli salad, which was broccoli, cheese, peas, and those sweet raisins or craisins all clumped together with like a mayonase or sourcream sauce or something... REALLY good tho... to the point where I want to ask them how to make it so I can tell the girlfriend... sooo good.
Service was good though there were two other tables other than us and one girl so they weren't busy.
She was very nice and prompt with refills and order perfect the first time... Good place for a lunch meeting - if I'm ever up there again I'd definitely return.

We stopped into Kozy Cactus the other day for lunch.
It's not one of our favorite places, but they have some interesting things on the menu, and they try hard to be "local" and organic.
At least they used to.
The menu we were handed had been cut in half and everything but bar food was gone.
We asked the waitress what had happened, and she said that the management had changed but the name remained the same.
Since we had our Restaurant.com coupon with us we decided to stay......not a great decision.
We ordered wings with sauce on the side, chili, onion rings and a patty melt.
We waited and waited some more, and the place was not very busy.
When our wings came they were slathered in sauce but we didn't want to send them back and risk waiting another half hour.
Silly us, the sauce was awful!!
It seemed to be a mixture of marinara and bbq, to the detriment of each.
Too bad because the wings themselves were decent.
Ken said the chili recipe was totally changed - it had no seasoning other than "hot".
No onions or cheese were offered with it and our waitress was too busy chatting to come to our table for a request.
The onion rings were dripping with grease, and like the hamburger, way too salty.
There are bars that serve way better food at much lower prices.
I suggest you find one.
And don't be fooled by the name.
Like I said, it ain't Kozy anymore.

Good locally owned place with decent food and a decent beer selection.
I feel that it has a bit of an idenity crisis trying to decide if it is a bar or restauraunt but overall if your in the area and need some decent food and drink thats not a chain stop in.

The wife and I walked over to this establishment last weekend because it is so close to our apartment.
We have passed the place on several occasions but we finally decided to go and i have to say the place is pretty good.
It is owned by a very nice couple has a nice bar, great outdoor seating, electronic dart board....and a pool table.
The food was pretty good my wife had the Turkey club with sweet potato fries.
I had the Grilled chicken breast sandwich with coleslaw.
All in all we would probably return again for a nice cozy time at Kozy Cactus...Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!

I had lunch on a Thursday and ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich with fries.
The place was not busy and the handsome guy that waited the bar and tables was kind and just a tad slow, but then he was working alone.
The meal was hot and wonderfully tasty with a homemade BBQ sauce.
The fries were crisp, fresh and hot.
I was very happy with it.
I choose to sit outside on the ever popular patio.
With the exception of an off duty employee smoking and talking with 2 friends I was alone.
Smoking is allowed on the patio but I wish it wasn't or at the very least banished to the far end of the patio so as not to impede upon those entering and leaving and to allow some non smokers to enjoy the outdoors more.
I stuck my head inside but really nothing impressed me enough to recall what I saw by the time I write this.
However the patio I noted could use a good cleaning of the furniture and some fresher cushions on the chairs, this would help it look less like a college bar and more like a hip neighborhood bar & eatery they strive to be known as.
I'm open to trying the place again.

Sorry to report  my fellow Yelpers that this establishment is now closed as of last Saturday due to financial troubles and no liquor license.
Truly sad because this was a nice place in a very great location...sorry to see it go....may it R.I.P.
but continue to Eat, Drink, and Be Merry!!!

