I found out about this little shop just the other day... it was listed as one of two places that my friend Deborah was registered at for her baby shower.
There is a lot of merchandise crammed into a fairly small space and it appears there is a little bit of all kinds of baby-related gifts and accessories.
While I luckily found a few items to gift for the baby shower (a sesame street cd, a stuffed animal, and a set of muslin wraps, I didn't find the selection overwhelmingly impressive.
The lady working was helpful enough, I like the idea of one-stop boutique shopping, and I prefer to give my $$ to local businesses, but in the future I may find it easier to go to Babies R Us for baby gifting needs.
I know - I am cringing as I type those words.
But in terms of price and selection, it's looking like Moonbeams may not compare - at least in my not-yet-a-parent eyes.
Who knows - by the time I'm ready to be a mom, maybe Moonbeams will be my #1 choice... but for now, my review stands.

Unfortunately I didn't have a great experience here!
Always loved the store and wanted to do good by ordering my nursery furniture through them to support a local business...boy was I wrong!
They are SO disorganized, NEVER reachable, not accountable and just plain rude!
Could never get anyone to call me back to give me the status of my order and no-one other than the store owner knows anything that's going on...and she is NEVER around.
They never ever call or e-mail back when they say they will!
it was just so frustrating to deal with them, especially pregnant!
It took over 6 months to get my furniture in and at the very end they called me threatening that they will cancel my order if I don't give them a CC for the balance (they tried me just once before this)!!
Threatening a prego in her 9th mos?!
classy job ladies!
oh also they lied... when I did go in there at the end to check-in on my order they told me that the owner- Karen- was out, but 5 seconds later she walked out from the back!!!
Too bad ladies!
I have a beautiful baby girl now that I love shopping for but will never go back to your store again!
You work on commission?
big mistake, big, huge!

Karen and her staff at Moonbeams have helped me to select, gift wrap and send baby gifts on several occasions.
I rely on them to stay within my price point....but to select unique gifts that new moms & dads will love.
I have had excellent service from all the staff there, have trusted their judgement and relied on their follow-through.
They love what they do and it shows.
If you are local...stop in and see for yourself.
If you are from away (like me) you can trust them to help you find the perfect gift for you.

After I posted this review I got a comment on it (and an e-mail) from Karen - the store owner.
She wanted to address some of my concerns and was apologetic.
I commend her for reaching out as that is seldom done these days.
I'm not taking back my review, but I appreciate that she reached out to me and wanted to note this here!

