If you are in Vegas and need childcare, don't hesitate.
As a mom of a five year old, I have had great sitters sent each time I used their service.
They bring fun art projects for the kids to do and I felt very safe leaving my son.
The service is well run and the sitters were polite and showed up on time.

Would not recommend this nanny service for several reasons:  1) Phone Tag  It's hard to get a hold of a real person when calling.
I left several messages and no one called me back.
Not fun playing phone tag all day.
2) Got Babysitters rather than nannies   We had a babysitter that said "I've been doing this off and on for a few months.
I quit working for a few months and then work for her again.
Working to save money for the wedding.
"  This showed in the way that my 15 month old son was crying, still up at 10 pm, not dressed in his pajamas, and still hungry when we got back from a wonderful Cirque du Soleil show.
3) Didn't get money's worth  Felt very disappointed at spending $200 for 4 hours of babysitting especially since the website looked very promising with the positive reviews.
Highly recommend Nannies and Housekeepers that the Wynn Hotel Concierge set up for us.
--------------------------- Looks like it took about 1 1/2 years to get a response from the owner....

This review is ONLY for the toy store part of the business... we realized when we got to Las Vegas that we had everything with us - except the bag that had our toddler's favorite toys and books.
Quite by accident we stumbled across the Artsy Nannies store.
They have a great selection of quality wood toys.
Our son had a field day in there looking at all the toys and picking some out.
One airplane, one train and one book later, we had a happy child!
The staff member that helped us was very nice as well.
We're so glad we found you!

Hi we used Artsy Nannies recently for the fourth time since my first review in 2008.
We actually were in the town square having dinner and noticed the shop and popped in.
Andrea remembered our son from watching him five years ago!
We booked a night at the store for our son to play and then another night at our hotel.
Both nights he had a blast, he asked to go back every night.
Pat was our sitter for the hotel night...she arrived 20 minutes early and quickly connected with our son.
Our son enjoyed the night and we enjoyed a night out without any worry.
Call Artsy Nannies if you are in Vegas with kids they are the best.
Want to see something like this in DC would love it!

Was in Vegas this past few days for a trade show with my wife and two kids, and went looking for a way of getting out for a nice romantic dinner when I stumbled across Artsy Nannies on the web.
Unlike previous reviews I sent an email a received a call back from them within an hour and booked a Nanny for Sunday and Monday night without any trouble whatsoever.
Lindsay arrived promptly as promised 15 minutes prior to the appointment time both evenings, armed with an array of art projects to keep my girls busy.
When we arrived back the first night after a few hours we had two rave reviews and demands that Lindsay had to come back the next night because they'd made plans of what to do next.
They had played games, made magnets, created stories - not watched a TV or played on a computer.
The second night Lindsay was as prompt again and the girls had a blast.
Artsy Nannies is a fantastic service, if all their nannies are as wonderful as Lindsay then you can rest assured your kids will be well looked after and thoroughly entertained.

I wish more people reviewed this wonderful service!
I was in Las Vegas with my 8-month old son and wanted to head out to dinner.
I used Artsy Nannies and it was a great experience.
It's very difficult to entrust a complete stranger with your precious child.
I liked the fact that this company is licensed, bonded and insured and they perform very stringent background checks on their nannies.
As soon as our nanny arrived, I felt comfortable.
She was wonderful, warm, amazing with my son and she was a mom herself (3 kids!
)  I wish I remembered her name but this was several years ago.
I am recommending this service to my friend because my experience was so positive.

I was in the area for lunch and noticed this place.
I was in need of a birthday present for my nephews upcoming 2nd birthday.
This is normally something my better half would handle but as I mentioned I was in the area and noticed this place and didn't think it would be so hard.
I was wrong and will forever gladly let my wife buy all children related things in the future if this is how it all goes down.
First when I walk in the place was chaos.
Kids were running all over and books and toys were scattered everywhere.
I felt very cramped and the store just seemed dirty.
There was only 1 woman working and she said she was the owner.
I explained that I don't usually do this sort of thing and told her what I was looking for.
I asked her if she had a couple things that were educational and fun for a 2 year old.
She then went on to tell me the store was "her baby and her livelihood" even though I absolutely never asked.
She said they offered a service where parents can drop off their kids at her store to be watched while they shop.
Serious?
Parents are really doing this?
The store isn't very big and they just have half of it stuffed with a bunch of overpriced toys and the other half has baby gates closing a section off where parents can leave their kids.
Since the kids were running wild and screaming and she appeared to have no help, I asked her if she needed to tend to them while I looked around.
She said "oh, 4 of them are mine and only 1 is a drop in so it's OK".
NO it's NOT OK!
How can this lady work a storefront AND watch 5 kids.
I would hope if some of them were hers that they would be better behaved to represent her business better.
I was just wanting to get out of there so I grabbed 2 items and got the hell out of there.
When my wife got home and saw what I picked out she was actually impressed with my purchase until she saw the price I paid.
"don't you know Melissa & Doug is a brand and you can get that stuff cheaper on ebay".
Dang I already felt out of place doing this whole thing to begin with and now I'm getting annoyed by 2 woman!
She went online and indeed found the same 2 items cheaper by $20 including shipping.
$20 bucks is $20 bucks right?
And then I wouldn't have had to deal with going to this store and could have had it delivered.
I might not make these types of purchases often but I do know what good customer service and organization is and I didn't find either here.

Artsy Nannies is the best nanny service I have ever used and I have used many.
From all of the research I have done in Las Vegas, I was moved by the level of compassion and genuine care that I experienced when talking with everyone at Artsy Nannies.
They are so thoughtful and accommodating.
Each request that I had changed or revised was always met with such understanding and grace in a world where that has unfortunately become a rarity.
Their name doesn't do the company, the workers or the nannies any justice.
As corny as that sounds, they are true to their level of service as well as the interest and care the nanny lavished on my 8 year old son who has a very limited attention span and who can become a handful at times.
Artsy nannies has become a class of excellence in taking care of children.
My son cannot wait to go to Vegas again just to have Lindsay again.
Artsy Nannies, you are in a class by yourself!
Much Mahalos & Aloha from your ohana in Hawaii.....
The Yamamotos

Love this place.
I've taken my child 2 times and he is never in any hurry to leave when I pick him up.
My child is the worst shopping companion ever so it's nice to shop without him while knowing he's having fun!
The owner and nannies are very friendly and welcoming.
I wish I lived closer so I could take advantage of this place more!
I was reading another review and they mentioned the store was chaos and messy where the children played and a few things scattered in the store.
I have to say that if the area where the children play isn't a mess then something's wrong!
Kids play and mess stuff up!
When I go into a toy store my kid wants to get things down and look at it and he is 2 so of course he's not going to put things back where they belong!
This place is a toy store and a place for kids to be watched while they play.
Artsy nannies is a great place to take your kids if you're looking for some alone shopping time.
I'm glad they are around!

It is always sad when you come across a business owner that doesn't seem to care at all.
I simply stopped into this store to pick out a couple gifts for my nephews 2nd birthday (see previous review I wrote) and the owner felt the need to reach out to me in the most unprofessional way.
For her to call out my family and basically write a review about the way she feels about me in a note is just out of line.
I would never in a million years bring my nephew or any child into this store after seeing the array of toys scattered about.
Talk about a fire hazard!
To be clear, there were NO other parents in the store during my visit.
The owner was the only one there and told me herself after she more then once told me the business was her "baby and livelihood" and said repeatedly how she was trying her best to juggle running the cash register/store while watch her own 4 children along with a drop in child she had from a customer.
If you think this is a big store then just take a look inside and see for yourself.
It is narrow and filled with junk.
A majority is sectioned off by baby gates.
The pictures I posted are factual and exactly what I observed while there.
For a place that has been in business since 2006 they sure don't have a lot of reliable reviews on yelp.
That speaks volumes!
The following is the response I got from the owner, Andrea...
Very unprofessional.
Comment from Andrea V. of Artsy Nannies  Business Owner 1/30/2014 This exaggerated review does not help parents or children!
We provide the community hundreds of FREE arts and crafts for locals and tourist alike, which bring many families to our store at one time.
When you walked into the one-door, one-window, small business (not sure exactly how big you thought the store would be once you walked in), we had just finished with one of these great, almost daily events.
This was the reason for the extra families in my store.
The pictures that you submitted shows train track on the floor that was obviously being played with (by CHILDREN) in the designated play area.
You show a picture of a piece of paper on the floor and concrete out front of the store and call this dirty?
I helped you pick out two great gifts...this is why I explained to you that my children were the ones playing and not just children being left alone.
I never stated that my store was my "baby or livelihood".
I also have EMPLOYEES who care for the children here at Town Square, hotels and homes.
Every parent deserves a break!
This service is utilized by thousands of parents every year here in Las Vegas and in many other parts of the country by Artsy Nannies and other businesses.
You must have been distracted with the children playing that you miss understood almost everything I said.
To address my children...
I have four real life children whom I am trying to do the best for.
My older two know better but the 3 year old and 18 month old are still working on controlling their inside voice.
My children are only here with me on occasions, you have made it seem as if they are always here.
I am almost 100% positive that your 2 year old nephew has a hard time with his inside voice as well.
Regarding my prices... Have you shopped at Town Square before?
The shops here consist of Juicy Couture, BeBe, Armani and many other major BRANDS.
Our prices are set at MSRP, we can not compete with any type of online yard sales.
Your "woman" was correct, we sell brands just like every other thing you purchase in life.
Last of all, I am not sure how I annoyed you like your "woman" did.
I helped you find gifts, I explained the chaos and got you out of the store as fast as possible.
I would have most certainly given you your money back after your "woman" found the gifts you chose online for a better deal.
It sounds as though you waited until the last minute to find your nephew's birthday gifts and ran out of time.
I am a small woman and mother owned and operated business since 2006.
This review does not help parent's, it does not help ANYONE!
If you walked into the store with your nephew, your review would totally change once you saw the look in his eyes and the excitement in his voice when he saw and got to play with almost every toy in our store.
Our toys are open and at their level!
Think back to when you were a child.
If you had the chance to build the biggest train set you've ever seen, this review would be different.
If you had children that you brought to our free art classes, this review would be different.
I have added a sign in our store letting customers know that children are at play and to enter at their own risk.
Next time you are at Town Square, with your nephew, swing by and watch his face light up with joy.

We loved our experience with Artsy Nannies.
We called and were able to get a nanny on the same day, after a last minute trip to Las Vegas.
After research and multiple websites we called Artsy Nannies.
I am very cautious with who I trust my children with and since I had never used a service like this before I was apprehensive; so my hubby was prepared to pay the fee for the nanny and not use them.
However, when Karen showed up I was instantly at ease.
My children loved her right away, and with one of my twins that is a monumental feat.
My daughter made an art project while were on our date.
My twins were safely asleep in their pajamas and freshly changed diapers.
(Which was also documented) When they woke up the first thing my 2 year old said is "where's Karen?
"  That made me so extremely happy.
I will definitely be using this service again next time we're in town.
Definitely worth the money!!
The nanny even made it a point to comment on each of my children in a positive way, and I knew that she took the initiative to understand each child and their personalities in the short amount of time she was here.
I would highly recommend this service to anyone!!

I've been here twice and the toys being sold here are toys that aren't normally seen and I believe are worth the price, since the quality for most of them is great and will last you years.
Whoever that negative person above is, I read and saw your reviews and personally I believe you need to lighten up.
Children aren't organized and neat when they play and they scream/yell all the time.
It's just their nature and no need to blame the owner for their behavior in her children's store.
Anyway, I'm looking forward to coming back and having them watch my son while I shop peacefully.

Awesome!
I called this service while we were in Vegas for our anniversary and wanted a night or two out.
I was nervous to leave my six-month-old for the first time with a non-family member, but liked that the company is licensed, insured etc and after speaking with the owner, I felt like they really screened their nannies and we would be in good hands.
Lindsay was great.
She showed up on time (we were told to meet her downstairs 15 minutes before the scheduled start time), we visited for a few minutes and got to know her and then I handed my little guy off to her.
She texted me with updates and pictures throughout the evening at my request.
We were so happy with her we called and asked if we could have her for an additional evening while we were in town and we were lucky they were able to rearrange the schedule to accommodate us.
We will definitely be giving Artsy Nannies a call next time we are in town and want a night or two out to ourselves.
Highly recommended!

Nothing negative to say about this place.
Friendly staff.
This was the first time I've left my 2 year old with someone I didn't know.
So I was nervous.
They made me feel comfortable and welcome.
Dropped the little one off and went for a coffee for an hour.
$6?!
You kidding me, it's awesome.
Won't be the last time I use this service.

We booked Kassie as our nanny for our 5-month old daughter and she was very professional, helpful and friendly.
Our night out on the town for Father's Day weekend was so helpful thanks to her.
The agency themselves are also quite helpful with explaining all prices upfront and their licensed/insured status is a keeper.
I look forward to using them again for my next Las Vegas family trip.

