I went here with a MeetUp group that had set-up a flat rate meal for us all, so I didn't look at the menu to see what the usual prices are.
That being said, I LOVED the food here!
I had never tried Ethiopian cuisine before, but I'm definitely a fan now!
The restaurant is quite small and not in the best location.
I think it's a family business.
The service was very good, especially considering our group practically filled the entire restaurant.
They did a coffee ceremony for us, which included roasting fresh coffee beans right in front of us - REALLY cool!
Apparently, they believe Ethiopians were the first to discover coffee, and so it's a big deal for them.
Of course, I don't know if they do the ceremony every evening, or if it was a special request by our organizer, or a "gift" for bringing so much business to them.

I am new to Ethiopian food, and I couldn't tell you the name of any of the dishes, even if you showed one to me right now, but I absolutely loved this restaurant.
The food was great!
We had a combination veggie/meat dish that was probably enough food to feed 6 people.
Not only was there a lot of food, it was good quality food.
The vegetables were fresh and the meats were tender.
Everything was well seasoned and there was a wide variety of textures and so many different flavors to try.
The colors were beautiful and everything was arrayed so nicely it felt like a feast.
The service was excellent and very personable.
Our server was the same person who cooked the food and she answered all of our questions and was very patient with our "newness" to the cuisine.
The most amazing part is that it cost us only $25 to feed 4 people with a ton of leftovers.
I couldn't believe the price for the quality of the food and excellent service.
If you're looking to try something new, you really have nothing to lose by going to Blue Nile because a.
) it's yummy and b.
) it's so affordable.
I'll definitely visit again and actually try to pay attention to what I order next time.

My mom was in town for a convention (go figure!
) and we were deciding on places to eat when my mother mentioned she had never tried Ethiopian cuisine before.
Having tried a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in the area I decided to find something new on Yelp.
Blue Nile seemed to have decent reviews.
We ordered the vegetarian combo.
The food was definitely more than my mother and I could finish and it was all very tasty.
From my visits to other Ethiopian places in Vegas like Axum, I can say this was definitely the best tasting Ethiopian food I have had in the area.
Additionally the wait staff was very friendly.
When we came in we were the only people in the restaurant and they treated us very well.
They patiently described all the dishes that my mother asked about and made us feel very welcome.
In fact later on in the evening during our coffee ceremony some of the wait staff's family came in with some homemade bread they had made.
They cut some of it up and offered it to us as well.
This would have been a five star review, but the ambience just wasn't there.
Maybe it was because we came so late and no one else was in the restaurant.
Regardless this is definitely a restaurant I will be visiting again.

A wonderful experience, modest price, superb quality, luscious flavors.
This restaurant is located on Desert Inn Road, between Wynn and Arville, on the north side of the road in a very unassuming building with several other very low-key businesses (too small to be called a strip mall...be careful as you drive passed it...you just might miss it altogether!).
I uploaded a picture of the signage that can be viewed from Desert Inn.
If you are driving from "The Strip", head west (up) on either Tropicana or Flamingo, turn north (right) onto Valley View to pick up Desert Inn Road.
From Valley View, turn west again (left) onto Desert Inn Road and it's a couple blocks up on the north (right) side between Wynn and Arville.
If you hit Arville, you've gone too far.
Attention to detail is what this restaurant is all about.
The interior is tastefully decorated, but not overdone.
The atmosphere is cozy and intimate.
The restaurant is run by two very attentive people, so be patient if the restaurant is busy.
It is all worth it.
This is an Ethiopian restaurant, with Ethiopian customs.
Ask for the check when you are ready, as is their custom.
I also uploaded photos of the meal.
The lamb entree (#2) and the beef entree were served with injera, a pancake-style bread that is used instead of forks or spoons (but those are provided as a courtesy ;) The Ethiopian custom is to tear off a piece of injera and sort of scoop portions of the entree into your mouth with the injera.
The textures are phenomenal, the process of finger-fooding the spiciness and sauciness is decadent and alluring, and Blue Nile serves an intoxicating authenticity worthy of frequent return visits.
For an honest and authentic meal, visit Blue Nile Ethiopian Restaurant.
There are ample portions served with seductive flavors and high quality ingredients by wonderful people...a wonderful experience.
$30 with drinks, tax and tip for two (hungry, epicurean, foodie-sort-of) people.
If you want glitz and glamor, you've come too far off "The Strip".
If you want an authentic Ethiopian restaurant, this is your place.

Honest, great food.
Food: The great thing about ethiopian is their use of distinct, strong, spices.
There were a lot of flavors that were difficult to describe or recognize.
If these meals were served on shinny white square plates, they could charge $40/plate.
It really is that good.
The portions didn't look big until we started eating.
The fermented Injera bread (+ eating utensil) was delicious and filling.
Order much less than you think you need.
The ethiopian beer was light, floral, and would be great on on a hot day.
Service: We went there for my daughter's 4th birthday and the staff went all out.
I don't think ethiopia has many deserts so the gave us a giant loaf of bread.
It was great.
Location: They are located in a typical low rent strip mall and not impressive at all.
If you are influenced by fancy plates and napkins, head to the strip.
If you only concerned by the quality of the food, go here.

They charged us for water.
They didn't even offer tap.
The food was poor to mediocre for ethiopian.
We ordered the veggie combo.
Merkato is better.

Unique tastes.. we really enjoyed the food and it was fun to eat without utensils.
Fun and different experience.
Will definitely go back.

After the experience we had at Merkato, I needed to try ethiopian food again and, I hoped, enjoy it.
Mission accomplished.
Blue Nile is small but inviting, almost hidden away in a tiny commercial center.
Simple without being simplistic, it was bright, clean, quiet, a little colorful, and just slightly eclectic in its decor.
Casual and friendly, the staff seemed to be preparing for the evening when I walked in to wait for my friend.
Immediately greeted in at least three different languages (which I found really cool) and facing a barrage of genuine smiles, I was at ease right away.
I was allowed to choose my table; I picked a seat in eyesight of the door and settled in.
The wine I had while waiting was a "house" chardonnay and only cool, not cold.
As I wasn't here for the wine, I didn't let that phase me.
Bonus points for the bottled orange soda that made my friend grin from ear to ear and reminisce about childhood.
Wine?
What wine?
It was already forgotten.
Again we chose a sampler platter and some extras so we could really get a feel and a taste for the place.
In a word: fantastic.
The flavors were, all at once, deep and bright, sweet, spicy, and savory.
I can't eat the bread but my friend loved it.
The proteins were tender and juicy and the produce was fresh.
The staff was happy to help us build our platter and choose items based on flavors we liked and our desire to be introduced to new things.
Delicious is an understatement.
We stuffed ourselves silly because we just didn't want to stop eating.
The waitress offered more and we actually debated it, even though we still had so much in front of us.
I think a to-go box was mentioned more than once.
It was evident that great care went into the experience, from the food to our care, and the whole thing renewed my excitement about a new (to me) cuisine.

What a wonderful experience!
This time I ordered the "veggie platter" and the "meat platter" (see photos).
A sampling of all different spices and textures.
The iced tea had a sexy hint of clove and other spices.
MrOwR!
A rare gem in Las Vegas.

Certainly one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas--this gem of a restaurant in a strip mall serves up some of the area's finest food.
The injera bread is tangy and spongy, and used to pick up and eat all the delicious tastes of both meat and vegetarian food.
No need for silverware or dishes: plenty of injera bread is always hot and ready to eat Ethiopian family style.
The flavors are exotic and blend well with tang of the bread.
Magda, the owner, greets diners as if they are old friends visiting her home.
This is the second time I have eaten here, and absolutely love the atmosphere, the quality of food, the courtesy of the staff and a whole lot of bang for the buck.
You won't leave here hungry!

Place is nothing fancy,but they have their own ethnic decor on the walls.
the staff is very friendly and helpful with questions.
It was my first time trying Ethiopian food.
And I can say that it was a very new and delicious experience.
I never thought a vegitarian dish can be as satisfying as a meat dish.
I ordered both the meat and veggie combo platters.
Delicious!!!
I'm going back again.
I took my mother with me as well, she loved it too and said she wants to bring her friends there.
I suggest to anyone to try Ethiopian food before you die!!
Lol!!
I'm probably going to learn how to cook it myself!
The food's flavors were very interesting.
It's definately different from the normal everyday foods.

It was my first time trying Ethiopian food and I was glad I chose this place.
My bf and I were the first customers dining in.
We even walked Chinatown because the restaurant wasn't open yet.
The owner was very helpful in helping us choose what to order, one of them including fish.
It was a lot of food for two people, because we had a dining certificate and we needed to fulfill the minimum order.
We wait forever for the food, but we didn't mind too much because we were the only customers there and we knew the food was going to be very fresh.
At some point the burning of the incense got a bit too suffocating, but somehow we got used to it once the food came out.
The experience was really fun and I liked the majority of the dishes, especially the fish.
I would call this a mini buffet served on one big platter, but you eat it with the bread.

My family and I had such a nice experience here!
I'm not one to try new foods and this wouldn't be my first choice.
However, this place was so great!
The servers were so nice and very helpful with the menus and always checked on us.
The food was good!
And it was served on a big platter for all to share.
It was beautifully displayed and over all, I think all 4 of us left happy.
The best part...the bill came out to $23!!
So shocking!
I recommend people to try it!

I put this restaurant on my places to try.
Late one night this January, I was really hungry and looking for good take out.
So the Blue Nile it was.
I ordered on the phone in the car on the way over there.
We had a little bit of a language barrier but managed to get a veggie combo ordered for $10.
I have to say, I really enjoyed it.
The combo included cabbage, greens, lentils, and one or two other things.
I didn't go in but my husband said that they were very attentive, offering him water and one of the staff insisting that the waitress get him a straw.
He thought that was interesting and kind.
The only thing that I wasn't banged out about was that the injera (sour bread pancake that the food is served on and used as utensil for eating) was torn pieces instead of whole.
The bottom one was whole.
But the injera on top was in pieces which made me wonder if it was fresh or left over - but I was hungry enough that I dismissed the thought and was able to enjoy my food.
It is on par with some of the other Ethiopian food I've had in town (Cottage Cafe & Queen of Sheba).
I don't know about the dining experience because I did take out.
But I would try it again to see if I like the meat dishes and to see how the dine-in compares to the take-out.

We loved it.
I'm a foodie and it satisfied my need for ethnic food.
We had the veggie and meet combo and they were both great.
Service was great.
We definitely recommend it and will come again.

We visited Blue Nile after reading the reviews on Yelp.
We were looking for something ethnic, authentic and different.
This place was fantastic!
We ordered the meat and vegetarian platters.
They brought the food on a huge tray with a basket of soft, tender injera bread.
Our order included 4 delicious lentil purées, 4 tasty meats, two salads and several vegetables.
The service was excellent.
They went out of their way to make sure we had enough to drink, enough bread, etc.
We enjoyed talking to the family that runs the place.
Definitely go!

Okay, so I'd been jonesing for Ethiopian food for a few months, and after reading all the five-star reviews on Yelp, Blue Nile seemed like the place to go.
I was super stoked and even bought a coupon at Restaurant.com for the occasion.
The only explaination for all these five star reviews is those reviewers have never had Ethiopean and have no basis for comparison.
:-/  Also, my disclaimer:  I'm super easy to please, and I like everything!
Check out my other reviews - I'm not just a grumpy butthead who finds something wrong in everything - I go out of my way to find the good, and did so here as well.
It just didn't work out...  Blue Nile is a easy to miss - it's a little hole-in-the wall place buried in a nondescript strip mall- perfect.
In my experience, the best restaurants are tiny family-run (or look like they are - I have no idea who owns this place.
)  Moving along...  My friend and I were seated, and we decided on the vegetarian sampler and the meat sampler.
We also got a couple of glasses of wine.
Everything is so cheap this meant I wouldn't make the $35 (alcohol not included) minimum, but I wasn't worried - I figured we'd pick our favorite dish at the end of the night and get it to go!
I freaking love Ethiopian food, dude.
*Side note - because I read that service was slow (and our first waitress didn't speak English and had to send over someone else - no biggie, but kind of interesting side note, since I hecka don't look like someone who would speak Ethiopian), we looked to see if there was an appetizer to order.
I don't remember if nothing looked good or they didn't really have any appetizers, but I know we didn't get one.
And then...
The food took an hour and a half to cook.
(Really wanted an appetizer...making me think they must not have really had anything.
I would have ordered freaking Doritos at that point, if they were available and ready to go.
)  We were the only people in the restaurant almost that whole time, but when we got here, a family of five was leaving, so I know it wasn't that they didn't have to cook yet that evening.
When the food came out, the injera was cold.
(It is generally served warm.
)  And I don't mean room temperature, I mean COLD.
Meaning the giant pieces our food was sitting on had made our platters cold, too.
:P    In the end, portions on the sampler platters were small, and unimpressive (and cold).
My friend had never had Ethiopian, and I had to keep apologizing and telling him, "It's usually not like this, I swear..."  Also, on both platters, a large section was "salad" - iceberg with what tasted like Italian dressing?
Yikes.
At any rate, I was so non-plussed that we didn't get a to-go box, I didn't order something to go so I could use the voucher I'd purchased at restaurant.com  (booo), and I would never recommend it.
Blue Nile isn't bad per se, they're just super far from good.

i've always been wanting to try ethiopian food and after looking at a few reviews, blue nile got my attention.
when we got there the place was empty, and the first thing i noticed was the restroom is located by the front door which i thought was pretty weird.
the place has a strong smell of incense but you sort of get used to it after a few minutes.
anyway we got a choice of table we want, and our server was very accomodating and super nice.
we first ordered our drinks so we tried their two kinds of ethiopian beer.
the smaller bottle (forgot the name so please refer to my pic) is a darker, sweeter taste, almost like their guinness version.
the taller bottle, a lighter, dryer taste is not as heavy to drink, but just as good, and it's like almost their budlight version.
while we were enjoying our drinks and waiting for our food (we ordered the vegetarian plate and the meat combination plate), a lady (which i thought was the supervisor) came over and had a little chat with us.
it was very nice, i thought, and she practically welcomed us and briefed us about how to eat ethiopian cuisine.
very nice lady.
:) the food is A LOT.
you eat the small portions of chickpeas, garbanzo, lamb, beef, etc., with their very light, almost pancake texture bread.
everything was just so flavorful and they use a lot of different spices.
will definitely come back next time i'm craving ethnic food.

Excellent!
Amazing food, terrific service, wonderful people...doesn't get much better then this!

I visited this restaurant April 16th while on business in Las Vegas.
There were 3 of us.
The food was so inexpensive we just ordered whatever we felt like.
I am happy to say the food was also wonderfully delicious.
3 people, 5 main dishes, 4 beers.
Less than $80 excluding tip - and we ordered some of the most expensive items.
Unlike other reviewers we were greeted in English.
I found our servers to be very attentive.
I never felt rushed.
I realize you have to "find" this restaurant.
It is way out of the way for vegas and we wondered if our gps led us correctly.
However, once we got there it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
Highly recommended.

This is a family-run place in an unassuming strip mall, only 3 miles from the Strip.
We are vegetarian, we found the veggie sampler plate with various lentils, warm cabbage, cold salad, and injera bread to eat it all with, just the thing for our tastes!
We added their 2 kinds of hot sauce to meet our preferences.
Friendly, helpful staff, tasty food, moderate prices, good beer.
What's not to like?

Food was so good that my wife and I return two more times while on vacation in Las Vegas.

We went here last week and Wow!
Didn't realize it at the time but we got there right as they unlocked the doors.
Didn't matter though.
The owner is an amazing woman who was welcoming and a great cook.
The food was tasty and plentiful.
We had more than the two of us could eat and took some of it home.
The decor was fun and interesting to look at.
I look forward to going there again.

First time ever trying Ethiopian food, though it had been on my radar for a while.
I knew Blue Nile was close to my work but I usually only get a 30 minute break and take-out didn't seem like the best idea given the pictures I saw of the platters served here.
It does say Take out is available so one of these days I just might try it.
The fact that I found the food absolutely delicious certainly helps in making me want to try it.
On another note, I may have also tried take out in the past but COULDNT FIND A MENU ANYWHERE.
No official website, no pictures on Yelp, none available on menuism.net or menusearch.com or tonsomenus.org or any of those terrible sites that never have working menus anyway.
That I didnt take a picture of it myself and upload it here is totally besides the point  I first started by trying some iced tea, which was brought out with a small jar of limes and a container of sugar which I thought was a nice touch.
My co-worker and I both ordered the Vegetarian platter and shortly after we ordered we were presented with the giant platter of various vegetable dishes all on top of a huge piece of injera.
The very nice woman who might or might not also be the owner also brought out a basket of the same bread.
I only know it's injera bread because of Yelp.
Thanks guys.
I grabbed a piece of the bread from the basket and scooped up some of the lentils which was the centerpiece of the platter.
Wow, it was so tasty.
The injera was spongey and very sourdough like as I expected from other reviews and I enjoyed it, but the star was the lentils.
This is going to sound like the most backhanded compliment ever, but they actually tasted like taco bell ground beef to me.
To me this is actually a good thing which is yet another embarrassing revelation I'm making on here.
Anyway, throughout the entire meal I couldn't get enough of the lentils and how much I thought they tasted like beef to me.
Veggies tasting like meat are about the best thing ever.
I enjoyed all of the other veggies too, from the green beans to the various purees, and much like I always do I loved mixing veggies together and trying different combos with each bite.
The only minor gripes which didn't really affect my rating 1.
As much as I liked the injera, after a while I found my palate getting a little tired of it.
It was also lukewarm to cold, and I assumed that was how it was supposed to be but I saw another reviewer mention it should be hot?
If this is true I would have much preferred some heat to it, but I'm not aware enough to make that call.
They don't open until 1 pm.
I prefer an earlier lunch, so I found myself just counting the minutes from about 12:15 til 1 to go down there.
Personal thing, but I think it should count 3.
I really wanted to try some meat but the majority seemed to be cooked in some type of butter.
Again this could be traditional cooking and I still loved the vegetarian platter, but I was a little bummed about not being able to try both without worrying about my lactose intolerance (shakes fist to the heavens) and my choices were overall limited.
So first time, but certainly not the last!

This restaurant was different for me.
I like places where you're our of your element and the food is good.
At first, it was hard to find because they don't have any signs lit up.
The owner told us that he is gonna have a sign out on the side of the road so that people know where it's located.
I'm vegan, so I ordered the veggie plate with also happens to be vegan.
My friends ordered half meat and veggie plate.
The food was awesome and very tasty.
At first, i thought how could I get full off this plate... but it did satisfy me.
The bread was different, but in a good way.
You just dip the bread int the different things that are on the platter.
Some of the things are spicy and some are sweet.
It was a good arrangement of spices.
I think this is a good place to not only bring your friends, but to bring people visiting.
This is a good place to experience different foods.
The owner is really nice and the service was good.
We went with a group of 6 people and ordered 3 platters: 2 veggie and 1 meat... that was enough food for the 6 of us.
Our bill was about  $40.
I think it's a great deal.
I would come back to this place.

Extremely long wait, when there was one other table only, we went in for dine in and left an hour and 20 minutes later with our food to go.
Some of our food was even cold, although the atmosphere was pretty, it was a horrible experience.
I've only had 2 other places that serve Ethiopian food but Blue Nile was the only bad experience and bad tasting that I've had.
Reading the other reviews tempts me to wanna give it another try, I am hoping maybe the time I went the cook walked out or something... Next time Ill make sure to have a whole evening free, bring my laptop with a film qued up just incase the wait is long again.

If we hadn't had the exact address, we'd have driven from Summerlin to the Strip without finding it.
Its neighbors are everything related to cars - tinting, auto glass, car insurance - and Blue Nile.
In the land of neon, only the lit-up word OPEN grabbed our attention.
At 8:30 on a Tuesday night, we were the only diners.
The small bar was populated by Ethiopians.
We were greeted warmly by the owner(?
), and given menus, which have no appetizers, drinks, desserts, or alcoholic beverages, just the entrees.
Thirteen of them, and that's it!!
I wanted honey wine and my husband wanted an Ethiopian beer, but they were out of both of them; the shipment from California that was supposed to arrive that afternoon didn't come, so we stuck with the delicious Las Vegas tap water.
(I never drink water unless it has coffee in in).
Roberto, whom I presume is the owner - or son of - was extremely patient with our inability to choose what we wanted to eat, but we finally settled on a meat combo and a veggie combo.
We had them combined onto one huge platter.
My favorites were the dry lamb, which was cooked to the consistency of shoe leather.
Normally I like my meat rare, and at first taste I was blown off by it.
But it grew on me, because the flavor was really intense - not spicy, just delicious.
I also loved the pureed yellow peas and the spinach mixed with some sort of cheese, which helped cool down some of the spice, as Roberto suggested.
The string beans were good, but they definitely started out life in a tin can, as did the plain spinach.
There was plenty of injera to mop up everything, but the best injera was the one lining the platter, since it soaked up the flavors of all the foods.
My major complaint is that they need better napkins.
It's impossible to eat this kind of messy food and have to use the kind of tissue paper napkins you'd find in a stand-up dispenser at Taco Bell.
Nah, I think even theirs are better quality.
We didn't leave with a doggie bag, but we left full and happy.
Next time, though, I'll call to make sure they got their booze delivery.

Great food and very cheap!
I love the vegetarian and fish dishes.
Be careful the injera bread fills you up!
Friendly staff.

1st time trying Ethiopian chow.
One of the better meals, if not best meal, I've had this year.
The owners (or whom we assumed were the owners) made us feel super welcome.
We would come back here again... and again!
As a strict meat 'n' potatoes guy...
I am biting my tongue saying this but the vegan dish was the best!!!!
I even got some to-go for tomorrow.

I crave Ethiopian food.
I crave the spice factor, the flavors that only Ethiopian food can give.
And this week I gave into that craving.
We've tried quite a few Ethiopian restaurants in Vegas, and decided to try a new one this time - Blue Nile.
We arrived on a Wednesday evening and the restaurant was empty.
We weren't deterred because most Ethiopian restaurants are always empty when we choose to dine.
It's the timing!
You definitely have to pay attention when you're looking for this restaurant.
The outside is nothing to rave about, but it's surprisingly nice inside.
We had our choice of tables and the waiter asked if we were okay with the basketball game on.
We were and once he realized that the Husband was paying attention to the game, he asked if we wanted to move closer to the TV.
We declined but appreciated his offer.
(Note: No language barriers here!
)  We now know what we want these days without needing to look at the menu.
Their menu is pretty short - only 13 items on there!
We chose the Vegetarian Combo "A combination dish of pureed split lentil cooked with onion and hot pepper in zesty spicy sauce, green pepper, collared green sauteed with garlic and cooked cured cabbage, potato, and carrots.
" ($9.99) and Kitfo "Lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice...raw, medium, or well-done.
" ($10.99).
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-nile-ethiopian-restaurant-las-vegas?select=u5U9roXHFQ1IWpfU1UGZJw#BSv57_OeogGrShN-lmwVMw  The Vegetarian Combo arrived first and we were starving, so we just dove right in.
We couldn't wait for the Kitfo to arrive although it did shortly after.
(It did seem like we had to wait a little longer than usual for our food...not sure if it's because we were famished or it actually took longer.
)  The Husband commented that it looked like we got less food in the combo than other places and looking back at some of the other places we've eaten, I do have to agree.
However, the amount of kitfo we got was quite generous.
We had leftovers!
The waiter explained everything we got - which was actually Yellow Lentils, Chickpeas, Collared Greens, Red Lentils, Fresh Salad, Cured Cabbage, and String Beans.
(No potato or carrots as mentioned in the menu description.
)  Each item was good, but I do believe that the lentils have been a bit more flavorful at other places.
The kitfo was super flavorful though!
We did ask for it to be medium and it was more medium rare, which we still ate.
It also came with a homemade spinach and cheese concoction to help with the heat.
I didn't really notice that much heat coming from any of the food, except when we chose to add the much needed hot red pepper seasoning.
We needed more water and injera bread, and did have to wait to be noticed first about needing those as opposed to it arriving before we were out.
Overall, it was good.
There were some things better here than others and vice versa, but we'd come back.
We usually never have leftovers, so that was a first.
I think I might be craving it again next week...where to next?
3.5 stars.

Excellent  Service impeccable  Food cheap et bon

Mmmm!
SO good.
Don't let the location and the outside fool you... A cute Ethiopian style interior and really friendly owner should start your night off nicely.
Make sure you're hungry!!
You eat the meal with a crepe like bread called Injera so it fills you up real good.
My boyfriend and I got the Vegetarian combo, which is also Vegan.
So delicious!
It has a great variety of tastes, its healthy and is only $9.99  Check it out!

I love Ethiopian food, but keep going to the same place and get the same thing.
This time, I wanted to break the cycle and try something new.
Outside it doesnt seem like much, but inside is comfy and decorated with Ethiopian items and pictures on the walls.
The BF and I shared the meat combo which comes with 2 types of beef dishes, 2 types of lamb dishes, some salad and some crumbly cheese.
There was a sauteed beef with jalapenos, tomatoes and onions and the flavor was good, but it was tough.
A ground beef dish that was alright.
The lamb dishes were better in terms of it being more tender, both stews were decent and they gave us a bit more of one of them.
While we were full, I feel the portions here seem a bit smaller than other places I've tried.
The seasoning was good, if only it were all tender.
The guy that took our order was nice enough.
I think it's probably a decent place, but maybe not beef dishes.
Next time, I will probably get my usual - a vegetarian combination.

Although its not as good as the home made stuff Ive had, I love this place for my ethiopian fix and you cant beat the pricing.
Think Ive been here at least 6 times and have never been dissappointed.

We took our family here for dinner because the restaurant was recommended by a friend.
Having never eaten Ethiopian food before it was a good cultural experience.
The food and the atmosphere were both very nice.
The restaurant was clean.
We enjoyed it.

The food made us sick.
The food is over spiced and this cover the taste.
The typical bread is not so tasty (I was expecting much better).
The vegetable plate was so heavy that we were feeling bad for 1 day and half.
The price is for normal restaurant so overpriced.
I was expecting much better and felt disappointed.

'Absolutely amazing' is the only way that I can describe the vegetarian combo at Blue Nile.
A vegan delight, the beautiful flavors in this dish are unlike anything you have ever experienced before.
I have been a regular diner here for a little over a year now and couldn't dream of life without this restaurant.
The other Ethiopian spots in town fail in comparison when it comes to their versions of the vegetarian combo.
I urge you to give this family owned restaurant a try-- you will be so glad you did!
Tell them that Aly, the girl with the flower in her hair sent you ;) they'll know who you're referring to!

That was soo good.
They load you up on bread, so that was left behind loads.
I will say, every turn you take on the veggie combo was increasingly pleasant.
Clearly my go to spot when in Sin City.
Officially!

This was my first experience with Ethiopian food.
I went there with a group of 12 ladies.
Our waiter was very attentive and friendly.
He even turned down the music so our large group could hear each other.
The food was really delicious.
You use bread to pick up the meat and vegetables, which is kind of sour with a slight vinegar flavor, which I loved.
The lamb and vege platter was my favorite.
I will be back!

This is an update to the review I posted over a year ago, and I'm sorry to say that this has to be - by far - the worst meal we've had in the 10 years we've been in Vegas.
Last time we ordered combos, and that seems to have made the difference.
This time, not so hungry after snacking at an earlier function, we decided to go the individual dish route.
The same 13 choices are on the menu.
Except for one lamb, one fish (which I'd be afraid to try here) and a vegetable combo, the rest are beef, beef, and more beef.
The veggie might have been an option, but not after two of them were listed as collard greens and cabbage.
Not exciting at all.
I wanted a glass of honey wine, which I had tasted a few years earlier at a different Ethiopian restaurant.
It's a strange wine, but I've got strange tastes.
Almost verbatim, the owner repeated the same line as last time, about the wine coming from L.A. and they didn't get the shipment.
Coincidence?
Maybe.
But I don't think so.
He didn't suggest anything else, and I didn't ask.
I was already feeling the downer vibe, and stuck with water.
I started to order the dry-sauteed beef, but he said it might be a little dry and chewy, so we switched to two others.
They seemed to be variations of the same dish.
One had some tomatoes added to the jalapeños and onions,  and was in tiny pieces.
The other had longer strips that were way too long to eat comfortably, and also had the jalapeños and onion, but no tomatoes.
Both dishes were poured into a large tray lined with the injera bread, and the tray had a tiny serving of salad - two tablespoons if I'm being generous - for each of us.
The small beef dice had no flavor whatsoever.
The long strips had a little more flavor, though not much.
Both were improved by the vinegar in the injera.
But they were both tough as nails.
When the owner came over to ask how things were going, I told him that the beef was tough.
He paused a couple of seconds, said "Okay," and walked away.
The salad didn't taste fresh and had some brown pieces.
The only other customers were a table of four with a baby who didn't stop shrieking the whole time.
But they provided some much-needed entertainment:  the kid sat on the mother's lap and kept yanking at the strings of beads that were the front window curtain.
Each time she pulled, the rod arced downward, and the mom never attempted to stop her.
This being Vegas, I made book with Herb about how long it would take before the whole curtain came crashing down.
Neither of us won, because thankfully they left halfway through our meal.
Then the music was cranked up a little.
I love Arabic music with a beat, 'cause I can belly dance in my seat.
But this stuff was some awful male singer wailing, and it was unbearable.
The only thing good that I can say is that at least it's cheap.
Each of our beef dishes was 9.99.
But since it comes only with the anemic little bit of salad, and the beef obviously wasn't filet mignon, it wasn't worth even that much.
I can't even say "stick with the chicken," because there was none.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(155/365) "Hand Job"  I am no expert on Ethiopian Cuisine,but when the chance arrived to meet up with The D's(David and Debbie) who have dined here on more than one occasion, I decided to give it another go.
David's sister and her husband also joined us, so with our party of 5, the best thing to do with their 13 item menu was go with the meat sampler and the vegetarian sampler so we could try a variety of things.
We also got one of their Tibs offerings as well.
We also tried an Ethiopian beer which was pretty good ,and I guess Ethiopians take their coffee seriously as we were sat next to the area where the coffee ceremony takes place which would have been interesting to see, but we were the only diners and we came for the food, not the coffee.
I love the opportunity to be able to eat with  your hands and this is one of the few places in town where your hands are the silverware.
Our meal arrives on a huge silver platter and our waiter also disperses the Tibs in small piles onto the platter so that it is accessible to everyone.
The smell of the Injera reminded me right away of San Francisco Sourdough and it also does have a slight tang to it due to the fermentation process the Injera batter goes through before being steamed.
I loved the flavors of each item I sampled,(Lentils, Collard Greens, Green Beans, Lamb, a Beef Jerky type item, a smoked meat one, etc.
) but my favorites were the Lamb, Tibs, and Spicy Lentils.
The salad was nothing special with Italian dressing on top, and the cheese looked like Feta, but tasted more like a Queso Fresco.
The prices here are very cheap too.
Came out to $10/person, tip included.
Can't wait to come back!
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4

Two words.....  "Vegetarian Combo" !!
So this place is the epitome of a hole in the wall.
Small store front but an unusually roomy feeling for the small space.
Not to mention a full bar.
Uhh yeah 5 stars!

