Located by the Sprouts on Indian School, the owner created a place that is very clean and upscale.
I really like that it is open 7 days a week.
Next time your looking for an nice shave and hair cut check this place out.

After suffering through a lot of crappy Great Clips cuts, I found this neighborhood barber shop right across the street from my house.
The main barber here is a young Russian guy with a NYC accent.
He was extremely thorough and gave me the most perfect #2 cut I have ever had.
He did a straight-razor finish, all for $14 cash only.
Highly recommend

No bueno.
Had an okay haircut here once that would have earned probably 3 stars including mediocre service.
Went back again today for the same reason - they're open when my usual place is closed.
Or so I thought.
I called at 3:45 to make sure they were open, and the guy on the phone assured me I had until 5pm.
When I got there at 4:10, he said sorry and pointed to the clock.
When I told him I was the one that called, he unapologetically pointed back at the clock and resumed his haircut.
I won't chance another lackluster haircut here.
Instead, I'll go back to mid city, where the sketchy location gives way to cheap, quality haircuts with great service.

Men- my husband has urged me to let you all know that this is the SPOT.
No matter how long the wait is they give each person the needed amt of time per cut.
Spartacus is who does his hair and he hasnt been to anyone else in this city for years..Try them you will  not be dissappointed.

I've gone to this place off and on for the past couple of years because of the convenient location.
The hair cuts are great and the barbers are friendly.
However, one barber reeked so bad of cigarettes that I was nauseous the entire time.
I could not wait to leave and breathe some fresh air.
Also, his cell phone kept ringing and he would stop to take the call every time.
Very unprofessional behavior.
Another annoying thing is that they NEVER open on time.
The weekend hours says it opens at 10am but someone will stroll in 20-30 minutes late.
This a another reason I don't frequent this shop often.
I would recommend Camelback Barber at The Colonnade Mall on Camelback.

I was in town and badly needed a trim.
I'd like to recommend Mike to any who appreciate a real barbershop...including straight razor, warm shaving cream, hot face towel, etc.
And did I mention affordable?
Super job VIP, see you next time I'm in Phoenix!

I've gotten my haircut here multiple times and both Spartacus and Eric do a phenomenal job.
I get a low fade and not many people do it correctly.
They are both very friendly, thorough and affordable.
Highly recommend!

Wow.
Another excellent barbershop by the house in Phoenix.
I usually go to Camelback Barbershop in the Biltmore area, but they are devout Jews.
With that being said, they're closed on Saturdays to go to the synagogue.
I needed a haircut today because my girlfriend was coming in to town and I couldn't look like scruff mcgruff.
So i hopped on ol reliable Yelp.com and searched for a close barbershop.
I live on 28th street and V.I.P.
is right up the street.
I believe Eric cut my hair.
It was done very quickly, and the way he cut my medium skin fade was in a way I've never seen it done before.
His line and edge up work was flawless, and it seemed effortless to him.
IDK if I'll be leaving Camelback Barbershop for loyalty reasons, but this is just as good as a shop, and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone if you need a haircut.

