Josh-  I believe you, but from the menu on-line they're charging NYC prices @ .80 per wing--WOW just to name one in the desert which is stupid with so many other places around Tailgaters Grill will have to work real hard for me and my crew to come in their location.
Please take a look at their menu it's a little pricey

So we just moved into the neighborhood, literally down the street from Tailgaters, and I was excited to check it out, especially since my husband loves sports and loves bars.
:)    We've been a handful of times now, and each time it's an "OK" experience.
The food is "OK" and the service is "OK".
I do like the fact that they have poker and other events throughout the week (i.e.
karaoke), so we'll still frequent the place, but I have to say that it's not my favorite local bar, even though it's the closest.
I'd much rather drive the extra 5 minutes to Uncle Bear's.

Just a bar with some tvs.
A tad small, but has a lil outside area.
Bartender was super friendly.
Prolly cool for a sports game.
Smelled a bit funny, but I can't imagine that's always the case.

A friend of ours suggested we meet here although we didn't know what to expect.
We LOVED it.
Plenty of TV's and we were very entertained by the Karaoke bar!
The food is great, the drinks are great and the service is outstanding.
This is without a doubt one of the best sports bar we have ever been to and it is right around the corner from Power Ranch!

This place is hard to describe.
The food and surroundings is a solid 3.
There is potential for this place to be amazing though with all of the flat screens showing off their high def sports.
I see what they are going for.
Service was good, but the buffet was lacking - they need to stay on top of it.
They do have a pretty big food selection, and a good kids menu.
We will probably not be back to this place unless I need a last minute spot to get some wings and watch the game in a crunch.

My husband and I were searching for a great place to watch some football while enjoying your favorite American food.
This is the place.
When you walk inside it is open and airy as opposed to the usual dark and divey feel that some sports bar and grills have.
Their bar is alongside a large glass door that can roll open to the patio outside, and the restaurant portion of the building has numerous TV's for any viewing angle and has a combination of booths and tables for larger groups, which with their ample space in the building, there is plenty of room for.
The food was very good.
This is one of the few places that offers cheeses curds (they are a must), and their wings were a little small, but very meaty making up for it's lack of size.
The burgers though are the real stars.
They chargrill the meat till juicy and put them on hefty buns with fresh toppings that make the burger taste as good as it looks.
Everything we have tried hit the mark.
The only exception was their pizzas.
They tasted a little too store bought and not enough originality for even a sports bar.
The service was prompt, and the owner can be seen visiting with various customers, and he actually visited with us and told us he was tweaking the menu to make the food the star of his restaurant.
I highly recommend Tailgater's Grill!

Met up with a few friends for a Sunday night chat about our vacation.
Aside from my total snafu when the server brought me the incorrect wine ("is cabernet white?
)  and recovering from my slight and unintentional rudeness, the place was solid.
I think the decor is fabulous (all dark wood and bar tables) and the flat screens could convince me to enjoy a football game there.
However, the Sunday night poker tourney took over the bar that night...and it was a bit distracting.
The server was fine and the food was fine.
The hot dog list is awesome, however - named and typed after a few of the most well known baseball teams.
The side offerings are ample (sweet potato fries, regular fries, garlic, side salad, etc) and the food was quick and hot.
The atmosphere was totally decent and I think we'll go back...'specially since the options in Gilbert can be limited.

This place looked pretty cool when we first walked in (aside from the oh-so bright neon clings littering the outside windows of the bar).
The booths are nice with clean tables, big TVs, and a good number of beers on tap.
We asked our server what the specials were, and he showed us the happy hour menu on the table, so we ordered off the menu and he came back a few minutes later to tell us that there was no happy hour on the weekends.
Okay.... so, we ordered new drinks.
After we received our appetizers, one of my friends asked for a side of ketchup, which we didn't receive until 15 minutes later when there were only 3 bites left.
Then, with our meals, he brought the incorrect side item with one of the meals.. the last 2 issues wouldn't have been a big deal, except that the bar was so slow that the server spent most of the night sitting and hanging out with friends/coworkers.
There was also a poker tourney taking place this evening which took up about half of the bar area which was distracting.
There were a ton of open tables and they had to set it up at the one right behind us, so that every time someone walked by, they would bump into the back of my chair.
Meh.

Looks nice.
The mediocre service started as we entered, when it took a person standing at the host station a little bit to notice and seat us.
It then took our waitress 3 visits to tables surrounding us to come by and take drink orders even though we were ready to order.
The tables around us got drinks and refills before our came out 2 at a time.
After taking the order we did not see her again, literally until the food came out 1 at a time.
It took 3 times trying to get her attention before walking over to another occupied table to get what appeared to me the only mustard on the place.
The food was average and over priced for a bar and grill.
The manager was to busy talking to other tables to help and them dealing with others with complaints to get to us.
We said something to another couple leaving and they said service is getting better.
I am not sure this place will me open long enough for service to improve.

What's not to like?
Let's start with the food.
Was that really hummus?
I think it may have been Elmer's glue!
What's next you say?
The bartender that crawls around on the beer coolers like a lonely stripper at an airport titty bar?
Is there more?
But of course!
A poor beer selection, 35 min.
wait for hummus aka glue and a, let's be fair to them, really stinky bathroom!
On the up side if you happen to get trashed they will arrange a free ride home.
The bartender may even go with you for a few dollars more!
That's worth a star, maybe 2.

The venue looks nice, new, shiny and the HDTV's are bright and plentiful.
The staff... it's not that they're unfriendly because they seem nice and everything but the attentiveness at times is lacking.
Tonight I watched two different couples walk in and stand there for a while while before one of the staff left other staff members and greeted them and seated them.
Me, I just walk into a hightop and sit but they were an older couple and I think waiting for some response.
They have wine for the chicks and a fairly good beer selection as well as a whole separate 1-pager dedicated to hotdogs.
I can't stop eating the Big Unit one...
I mean you put a good healthy strip of smoked bacon on a big beef hotdog and you're goin to win some friends - I'm just saying.
I want to try other ones but I keep defaulting to that one - soo good.
Also I asked and they do show UFC fights - $5 cover which I think is reasonable but they don't offer any specials during events like that - hey it is a biz but it'd be cool to knock a buck off or something.
I think any special, little or not has a positive effect on ones opinions of a place.
It's a decent place don't get me wrong but I don't feel that welcoming neighborhood feeling when I'm there...
It's clean and there are people there just not feelin it.
S.E.
Gilbert needs some help on its own but hopefully Tailgaters Grill can get the ball rollin.

Getting noticed when you first arrive may take awhile.
The wait staff is also slow and not to "with the program".
It looks nice inside and has a nice outside patio.
The food is pretty good...if you can get someone to take your order.
I would not  suggest doing any take-out from them.

Expensive bar food and mediocre service.
When Tailgaters opened we were excited because it is close to our home.
First experience was not good with poor service.
Thought we'd give them a second chance month later, so four of us went for happy hour for appetizers (didn't over consume or even eat dinner) and were amazed that our bill was nearly $100!!!
MANY better choices in the area than this place!
Drive a few minutes longer to go somewhere else and you'll be happier.

Tried this after a huge fail down the street on a Friday afternoon, for a quick dinner with me and the kids.
Place was neat enough and we were greeted quickly and warmly.
Seated right away.
Staff was very friendly, our waitress was funny and very attentive and checked back with us quite often.
Food was mediocre.
I had a Philly steak sandwich that was a bit small on a roll about a day past fresh, the cole slaw was kinda nasty.
My son had a hot dog that he liked, but he didn't like the fries.
I tried them, they weren't bad... bar fries.
My other son had chicken fingers, that were overly breaded and a bit hard.
He loved the fries.
Boys enjoyed the deep fried twinkie (who wouldn't?).
I'd probably go back and sit in the bar and watch a game maybe, but it won't be for the food.

I like to start my reviews on a positive note...
The beer was cold, the flat panels are ample, but that is all this place has going for itself.
I appreciate the location of Tailgaters, but must say they need to change a few things to gain my loyal patronage.
First off, the food is not worth eating.
I have ordered from their menu on several different occasions, including their opening night with not a single enjoyable meal.
Unfortunate, the place has so much potential, but has not put enough emphasis on good, enjoyable food.
Next, is the external decor.
I don't know if the owners truly believe that the obnoxious lettering in neon colors is truly gaining any customers, but it is not attractive.
It truly cheapens the place and makes most people decline to even enter it.
My recommendation is to keep the beer cold, I am sure I will be back for a few more, but stop cooking...
Your food is not worth the electricity it takes to fire up the stoves...

I cannot believe people are really going to this place.
People do yourself a favor and spend your hard earn money elsewhere...............

Can't get much worse food, more overpriced drinks and sterile service.

I was dragged here the second time after eating the worst burger ever the first time (dry and hard to swallow).
I went to watch UFC which thank god it didn't cost anything.
My friend ordered something that was so small he ate it in 2 minutes and was still hungary.
I ordered a steak sandwich that was mostly bread.
So yeah, the food stinks and is outrageously priced.
And a whole other story is getting screwed out of a table, they must cater to their enormous regular crowd, NOT!

I've been to Tailgaters several times.
I'll keep it short:  Pros: Lots of TVs.
Cons: Everything else.
Menu, service, etc.
I won't bother echoing the other reviews here.
I've developed a theory after living in Arizona for a while.
It goes like this: The more of those big, gaudy, cartoon-graffiti ads an establishment has splashed on it's front windows, the worse it will be.
Working off that theory, you can tell how bad Tailgaters is from 500 yards away.
The entire front of the restaurant is covered.
Save yourself the trouble and go to Jake's (SE corner of Higley and Queen Creek).
Don't believe me?
Read what the local food critic wrote about both: Tailgaters: http://thedish.freedomblogging.com/2009/10/07/restaurant-review-tailgaters-grill/10419/  Jake's: http://mouthbysouthwest.com/2010/12/20/just-opened-jakes-bar-grill/

Went back again... ugh.
We took a seat at a high top in the bar and the waiter came up and greeted us very quickly - he was the only redeeming factor in this visit.
We ordered an appetizer (spinach artichoke dip) and 2 entrees (the boyfriend ordered a massive lunchmeat style sandwich and I ordered a wrap).
It all came out of the kitchen at the same time.
Appetizer means "brought out before the food" right?
*sigh* So, it was either let the entrees get cold or let the appetizer get cold.
Lame.
The wrap I ordered was the chicken caesar wrap and they could have very easily left the word "chicken" out of the name.
There were about 8 very small pieces of chicken in the full-sized wrap.
It was basically caesar dressed lettuce in a tortilla.
Needless to say, I did not feel fulfilled at the end of my meal.
I keep going back because the boyfriend likes their food, but the service is generally bad (not this time though) and their food is mediocre at best in my book.
I'm going to have to find somewhere else I can talk him into going when he's in the mood for bar fare.
Too bad there's not many good bars in our area.

I've had several items on their menu and have been let down each time.
Serving portions are very small.
The many HDTVs are a definite plus tho!

Decent crowd fun atmosphere,  Didn't get to try the food?
Watch out for adding gratuity on bill.
we had a four top of all drinks and got autograted???
ROOKIE move server would of got a bigger tip than the auto grat.
Oh Well her loss

Once again lackluster.
I goofed by going to the wrong place to watch UFC, in which they didn't have it.
Out of despiration ended up here.
Was surprised to get a seat inside with one of my friends, only to be told to move outside cuz they were reserved, thanks !!
Ordered the appetizer platter, which was reasonably priced for the amount of food you get.
Also, the fried zuchini is really good, the stuffed mushrooms I think they are called are good, the cheese curds are good.
You also get chicken wings and potato skins which are pratically inedible.
Do they try there food, I mean they cook it.
The potato skins don't even taste like potatoes and they feel like they could have been frozen, thank goodness they give you sour cream so you can get it down your throat.
The chicken wings, I have no idea what sauce that is, maybe it's called disgusting.
Hopefully I won't end up back here evn out of despiration.

Been there a couple times on a UFC night, and tonight was the first time they decided to throw a secret cover charge on our bill.
WTF?
The $5 per person fee, fine what ever but to throw it on our tab with out even a warning.
If I knew there would be a charge I would go to buffalo wild wings where I know what to expect, not much.
Any way mediocre food that you have to wait a while for.
Decent drink prices, but you will have to wait for it.
No clean glasses for like 10 minutes, hire a bar back, what ever!
Look go there if you want, most people go there because frankly there's not much else.
So take my review for what its worth, but I won't be back.

Wanted to try a new place besides BWW (Buffalo Wild Wings) for UFC, huge mistake picking this place.
Not only did we hate it but now we're afraid to try any place but BWW for UFC...or anything for that matter.
Food was subpar at best.
Margaritas didn't have enough tequila in them to loosen up a five year old.
No one knew how to switch the fight over from Spike to pay per view so we got to enjoy ten minutes of Crocodile Dundee.
They finally switched the video to the fight so now we get to watch fighting and listen to Crocodile Dundee for another five minutes.
Then of course the audio cut in and out on regular intervals the entire night.
So now we're ready to pay the bill and get the hell out of their.
The waitress brings us the bill, 57 and change for food and drinks.
We give her our credit card, she comes back with a new bill that's ten bucks higher and says there is a five dollar cover to watch the fights.
Is that not some crap you tell someone before they have a lousy meal and a lousy night at your place?
So the manager (I'll describe him based on how rude he was to us, he's a beer bellied guy with greasy looking hair with the appearance of being homeless.
Needless to say I was shocked to find out he was the manager but it did explain a lot) comes over and says he won't take it off because that money is to pay for their "system",....huh?
Even if it were to pay for their "system", the "system" completely sucks.
He argued with me that the sign is on the door and I should have read it.
So anyway; lousy service, crappy food, horrible sound system.
We'll absolutely never go back.

Great T.v.
's  Waitress bragged how she gets 50% tips.
I normally tip 20%.
We were trying to watch the game; she keep talking crap to us.
The cheese curds we order were pea size; no cheese inside just batter.
She brought us a new order.
(much better).
Still charged us for the bad order.
WONT BE BACK!!!!!

Staff is friendly I ordered st tacos and mac cheese as a side.
Reheated microwaved mac cheese please!
I can get that at home and not pay $8.
I don't get it.
Location and staff is the only thing that saves this place.
The only reason to go to this place is its close to home.

We've been to this place 3 times only because it's close to us.
First time had good street tacos at happy hour.
Second time food and service were not good at all.
So, we stopped in one last time for a drink.... Will never go back!
Immediately after we sat down we noticed a rotten smell so after we ordered water and a beer, we asked the waitress what the smell was because it smelled like sewage.
She said you get used to the smell after a while and yes, it was the sewer smell!
We canceled the drink order after hit the door!

My wife and I have been here twice...it's ok. We had wings and a burger and food was pretty decent.
Service is extremely slow during a UFC fight, but also during a slow night.
Its your average bar/grill.
Nothing special.

The karaoke guy on Friday's is phenomenal, however, we were regulars here, both manager and waitress (who was new) admitted that we were great customers, yet we were charged for 4 drinks we did not order.
The manager displayed very poor customer service skills, we had a massive amount of hair in a burger we ordered, cold fries, hard, dry wings and a very poor experience.
After politely explaining the situation for over 15 minutes and respectively arguing the manager refused to void the portion of the bill for the drinks.
So he would rather loose what he admitted were great customers (and it looks like we were some of the few, judging by the other reviews here) over a measly $30.
We will have to find a new karaoke joint, bummer!

umm, not even worth typing a review,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, :(

Tailgating is Okay By The Rue  I ate dinner at Tailgaters last night,  Pizza, go figure I didn't put up a fight, Coconut shrimp appetizers to start things off, The waitress said it was like crack, I scoffed.
Bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed with jalapeno and cream cheese, I'm not allergic to shelfish so I didn't sneeze, What seemed like a great idea and different for sure, They were too bacony, the flavor not pure.
Peel off the bacon if you want to taste the flavor, Of the shrimp, cream cheese and jalapeno to savor, Pizza wasn't bad for a bar and grill, The kiltlifter was cold so I would go back still.
The service was good and waitress was prompt, I certainly wouldn't ask her for a late night romp, Lot's of T.V.
's playing various sports, Would I go back here?
"Yes" I would retort.
Done

Maybe this place isn't too bad for having some beers, but anything else....forget it.
Service = horrible.
Food = horrible.
We will never, ever go back.

Good:  Bar tenders are nice.
Bad:  The overly dunk people there.
The HORRIBLE food they serve there.
The bathrooms are disgusting.
The wait staff is super SLOW!
There you go.
Don't ever go there if you want to have good food.

Fantastic place to go!
Way better than the Thirsty Cactus!!
Food is fantastic, beer is cheap, and the waitress is fab!
Love this bar!

The WORST experience in years.
After eating their horrible food and then finding a discrepancy in the check, I waited with my 2 daughters and my son 30 minutes for the manager to finally make his way to the restaurant.
Juan came to our table in his flip flops, basketball shorts and t shirt and was immediately rude.
To make a long story short, he told me I was wrong and my family left bewildered by the worst customer service I've experienced in many years.
I like to support local businesses, but this was a huge mistake.
Do yourself a favor and go to one of the hundreds of other restaurants in the east valley.

Not the place to try for dinner in the area.. no wheat bread ???
Excuse me?
The sourdough and marble rye were hard as bricks, good thing for mayo to soften the blow to the roof of your mouth which we did not escape without injury.
Everything tasted and looked old.
The boneless wings are somewhat interesting, they're not what you would expect and again tasted old and rubbery, maybe larger pieces in lieu of sad strips of thin meat would have cured my craving (but I guess we'll never know).
I've been to this place for cocktails before and for that its a ideal.. for dinner?
I would pass and pick up taco bell on your way back to civilization..

Food wasn't that great.
Nothing was fresh.
Burgers were premade and frozen, fries came from a frozen bag, chili came from a can, rolls were bought from a store.
Service was slow.
Won't be coming back.

We went in last night before 6 PM and they were playing music with masturbation lyrics and F bombs in every song.
There were a lot of kids in the place!!
The food here is horrible, we came again tonight to give it a shot.
Party of seven, wings were cold, cheese not melted on the fries, burger overdone, the place is sub par to say the least.
Won't be back, sad because its 5 minutes away.

This place is awful.
I think our server, Gina, was messing with our food.
One of the worst places to eat in the area,  beer tastes ok.

Wanted to find a sports bar to watch the 2nd half of the niners-pack game.
My expectations after perusing Yelp were pretty low.
Well it took our waitress about 15 mins to get me a beer.
Food came pretty slow as well.
My only positives are that the food was hot,  and the beer was cold.
Chicken strips were rubbery and potato skins were kinda greasy.
They could do better.
As I am new to the neighborhood, I am looking for a local sports bar and Tailgaters isn't looking like the place.

This place has really improved in the last two months.
They've redone their menu and recipes.
The good food stayed good and the bad ones were replaced with outstanding choices!
The beer is ice cold, the wait staff more attentive and they added a pool table!
I would give them five stars if: poker night took up less room, and sandwiches had MORE meat (or priced lower).
Overall, fun place to hang out and throw back a few!

Recently moved to this area and have been looking for a good sports bar and outdoor patio type restaurant.
Met a few friends there, they arrived before me and already had drinks.
Took almost 30 minutes before the server came to the table to get my drink order.
We also ordered our food at that time just in case she never came back.
We ordered and then a table next to us ordered a few minutes later.
We waited for some Jalapeno Poppers.
The table next to us was served poppers and then about 15 minutes later (NOT our waitress) came up and told us that they were out and sold them all.
They left them on the Bill as well.
The food was ok but not great.
The service was horrid.
We literally had to get up and find our waitress to fix the bill.
I probably could have got up and walked out and she never would have noticed.
I have not nor ever will do that.
But I think that being it wasn't busy enough for that kind of service.
I will not be going back to this restaurant.
Was there 3 hours and saw the waitress maybe 3 times.

We haven't been here in years because the food was mediocre to kinda good, and the prices were not good.
We did like that they served homemade chips as an appetizer for every table.
They don't do that anymore.
:o(  We decided to try again, and we haven't written it off, but it's not high on our list, despite being only a mile away.
My husband ordered a bacon cheeseburger on a pretzel bun.
The bun was good, but the patty looked and tasted premade and was overcooked.
I ordered the boneless wings plate with mild sauce.
They tasted great, but they were far from crisp, and something about the texture of the chicken didn't jive.
Next time I'll ask for the wings well done.
We agreed that the garlic fries were good.
Our daughter got a hot dog, and that was very good.
Our son got the kid pizza, which had a pita for the crust.
Neither child liked it, but that could just be them.
He got fries with his pizza, which supposedly wasn't supposed to happen, so that was a nice surprise.
They did forget the kids' desserts (which was Oreos in the past), but we let it go.
We'll definitely go back on a Wednesday, when the kids eat free, but I doubt we'd go any other time.
The proves are still too high for the quality.

Took 20 minutes before we were noticed by waitress.
Very rude.
She got our wing order wrong.
My husband and I both ordered Philly cheesesteaks and the bread was dry and smelled moldy.
The meat was Luke warm and had a funny taste.
The wings (even though she never brought us the honey hot that we ordered) were the only decent part of our meal.
Cheese curds were awful as well.

Its ok.
I've visited at least 10 times.
Service has been slow every time, no matter time of day.
Food is mediocre at best, and I can get beer any where.
There are very good alternatives very close by that suit my tastes better.

The food is not fit for my dogs...I will not be ordering food from this place...everything else is good.
I can't wait for the burrito place to open next door.
Tailgaters can watch me eat there.
I will stick with the Beer at Tailgaters.

I had the key lime chicken salad and it was bland...the chicken had the texture of dry wall.
We had the wings and they were, at one time, excellent.
I don't know if Tailgaters has changed the Chef or they are just buying low quality food.
Until the food is upgraded to edible I will not be ordering from this place...The Limited, daily, specials are a joke.
Just look at the Monday burger special...add the fries and the mandatory purchase of a drink and you save .09 cents.
I hope that Tailgaters can get their act together soon.
Service staff was excellent!

Food was very bad.

Why didnt I check yelp first?
Was shopping nearby and was hungry at lunch time..
Stopped in, there was only a few people eating in there.
There was one waitress, and service was pretty slow.
My kids got burgers that were nothing special.
I got the chicken salad and the meat was blah and had no flavor, the dressing was horrible..
I asked for extra dressing when I ordered and she charged .50 cents, Ive never been charged for extra salad dressing.
I will not go again!!
To many yummy restaurants in Gilbert and surrounding areas to have slow service and blah to yuck food!

I've been here for lunch and dinner and the food is below mediocre...and this is bar food we're talking about.
I've tried the potato skins...super dried out, hardly any cheese or bacon, over baked.
Cheese fries-DISGUSTING.
They use taco meat instead of chili and the fries are frozen from a bag.
Sliders-not I edible but this is a tiny hamburger on a roll we're talking about-not "good" in any way.
If you're absolutely starving you can find food here but if you actually want something you won't paying your hard earned money for, head elsewhere.
Drinks are overpriced and if you're not a "regular" (this place has many) you will find it hard to flag down a server.

Worst sliders/burgers I have ever had.
You could tell they were frozen, pre-made patties of low quality beef.
They had grilled onions LOADED all over them to make matters worse.
I have never wasted a hamburger before experiencing this nasty place.

I should have checked Yelp before coming here.
Just save yourself the time and go somewhere else.
Service was terrible!

A great place to go and watch football on Sunday.
Beer is cheap and super cold.
Food is good (love the garlic fries).
A lot better than the ratings show.
Waitresses are friendly and super nice!
Never a disappointment!

I too should have looked at Yelp.
Shitty food but they sell Guinness so they can't be that bad.
Shitty food.
Don't eat there unless you have had shitty food before

...

The food is pretty bad here, but the beer is cold and the service at the bar friendly.
Not a place I will go out of my way to go back to and if I do it will just be for a beer.

Went to Tailgaters on a Sunday night because every other sports bar was packed.
Read the bad reviews prior to going.
Needed a cold beer, wasn't starving, so it should do.
We sat on the restaurant side.
People in the bar were incredibly loud, but there was a game on so I didn't care.
Our server took a few minutes to get our menus and orders.
The food: onion rings were delicious.
But I only got like 8 or 9.
For $4 I expected a nice big basket.
I ordered a dozen medium wings.
They were just yucky.
Even the server noticed they were dry.
The celery was the best part.
The 2 tiny stalks of celery.
My daughter had the kids burger which she liked.
Overall, not impressed.
If I go back I may try a salad.
My stomach hurts.

Went here with a big group of co-workers the other day for a quick lunch.
One of the ladies in my group had a $50 off $100 or more purchase coupon (not sure where she found that) so we all went in together.
I shared the sampler platter with a friend.
It was $14 and came with everything (deep fried mushrooms, cheese curds, onion rings, and wings).
Yum!
Very greasy, but what can you expect, right?
The other items on the menu were more pricey that I'd like to pay for a burger or sandwich ($10+).
They did have a lot of side items to choose from (sweet potato fries, garlic fries, regular fries, etc).
Overall, I'd try again but just as a happy hour spot.

The atmosphere is great,  indoor outdoor bar and good music.
The beer is ice cold - unfortunately the food and service is awful.
Food 0 Service 0 Atmosphere 3  Update  -  disregard good music review Friday music is top 40 pop.
No thanks!

Worst food I have ever ordered.
How does anyone eat this garbage?
The bar is nice and has several tv's.
Just save your money and forget the food.
Yuck.
We had a good waiter but the food runner was worthless.
Dropped off the food and we Asked for silverware and she was gone before we could finish the sentence.
How are they still in business?

I have to say I came in here for the first time it took forever to get a server over to me then after a ton of dirty looks from female servers my chicken came and it was dry dry dry even trying to cut boneless chicken with a knife was hard  They clearly gave me chicken that had been done for quite some time I guess I'm not ugly enough The atmosphere is dull boring low music dark it's a Friday and this place sux totally I won't b coming back

Ehh...
I read the reviews and decided to try it anyway.
Hopefully you don't do the same.
If you're hungry don't come here.
The food kinda sucks.
Beer's beer no matter where you go I suppose.
Don't go out a your way for the food.
I noticed the bar was completely packed,  almost no one eating, they must be the regulars.

Been here several times over the past couple years and this was the best visit yet.
Sunday afternoon, not much going on sports wise so that could be part of it.
But, waiter Alex was very attentive... Best service we've had here, and possibly some of the best restaurant service we've had recently anywhere.
Good drinks, including very tasty Bloody Mary's and mug beers on draft.
Food is pretty good - only reason I don't give this 5 stars is that it's your traditional bar food.
Hits the spot but nothing to write home about.

When we first moved into the neighborhood, we figured this would be "our" new bar.
The first time we visited we sat at the bar and the bar tender was incredibly nice and attentive.
The next time we sat at the bar months later she remembered us and asked us how our remodeling was going.
The servers have always been attentive and very nice!!
The manager is great at customer service as well.
We came in at 9:50 one night and the waitress told us that the kitchen closed at 10.
The manager asked how we were doing and my brother told him that we were just grabbing a beer because the kitchen is closed.
He said no and went to the back for a minute.
He came back with menus and told us they would make us food and if it was ok fried food would be easiest because they did start cleaning the grill.
We spent an extra $60 or so because he corrected the problem for us!
He was very apologetic and it really made our night better!
The food is not too great.
I usually just get the pretzels.
However, the bacon wrapped shrimp is delicious!!!
I thought with the new menu it would be better but it doesn't seem to be.
For service I would give them a higher rating but for food I wouldn't.

Pizza was great, Nachos were delicious, server was efficient and friendly.
Kids had no complaints and enjoyed playing pool while we waited for the food.

