It's just your typical mcdonalds... but it opens early, practically in Waverly Station, and unlike other McDonalds in the UK, the Cloud provided free WFfi actually DOES work quite well.

This is just a regular branch of McDonalds with everything you would expect on the menu.
The good thing about it is that it's rather large so even if you go in at peak time during lunch time you will generally always find a seat.
It's nice to sit upstairs and watch out over Princes Street.
It's also a prime location if you find yourself shopping on Princes Street and find yourself in need of some refreshment.
You do need to watch yourself in the queue though as the entrance is quite small so if everyone stands in the one queue you'll be queuing along the Street so watch out for chancers trying to slither there way into the front.
Cheeky.
On a recent visit here I was clumsy as ever and we experienced "Frieageddon" as I spilt all my bottled water over G-Bot's chips and they were left drowning in a watery grave.
Oops.

As has been said before me, this is just a typical MacDonald's restaurant but it's quite a good one!
It has a really big seating area upstairs and plenty room for the masses.
However, past 10pm this place can be dangerous.
I have often felt really intimidates by all the teenagers hanging around and later on, all the drunks.
It's a good enough place for lunch or an early dinner but I wouldn't come here later than 11pm!

I know this definitely isn't a local business, but I truly love McDonald's!!
Morgan Spurlock showed us what can happen if you let these guys rule your life, yet for the rest of us under eighteen stone, it's fine.
My personal favourite has to be a large quarter pounder with cheese meal along with a free burger which you get with student ID.
Only £3.99 and it's perfect for the occasional lunch or dinner.
I've got a pretty bad memory of this particular branch in Princes Street Mall.
WhenI was seventeen I came through to Edinburgh with my friend for a party at my sister's flat.
In the morning, on the way to the bus, we stopped off for a good old MaccyD's.
I got some chicken nuggets with chips and drink.
I left them on a table and went to get a napkin.
When I came back some woman who was sitting down at our table with her son had just chucked them in the bin!!
I was flabbergasted.

Ahh Mc D's, how many times you have helped me in my pursuit to kill off a hangover.
McDonald's is a real favourite with students, because they do a great deal where you get a free hamburger, cheeseburger or McFlurry with every meal that you buy.
I sometimes attempt to have a half decent healthy meal, by choosing from the deli menu, but even these probably pack a good punch when it comes to calories.
When it comes to choosing a drink, I normally opt for a  tropicana or a bottle of water  with the meal instead of fizzy drinks.
The Waverley McDonalds is usually pretty busy, but actually less so than the one just off Princes Street, as I don't think as many people know about it nestled away in the corner of Princes Mall and with an entrance on the Waverley Steps

