Posh Nails is just around the corner from my parents' house.
I didn't realize how great it was until in a pinch I had to go get a manicure in a hurry.
The inside of Posh Nails is clean and well put together.
New release movies are always playing on a big flat screen tv mounted at one end of the room.
A basic manicure is $12 which is fairly acceptable.
I usually like to get a basic from a non-high-end salon for $10, but Posh is worth it.
The staff is very friendly and the owner is most often always there.
Lately they've really been pushing the pedicures, which actually are a fabulous deal (if only I had more time to get them more often!
) A basic pedicure is $20-25 and with it you get a hot stone massage on your legs for no extra charge---which is amazing!
It seriously feel soooo good;  a major added bonus.
They always take their time and give you extra care if needed (which sometimes means that they don't understand the concept of "I have to leave for a meeting in a half an hour--can we make this work?
)  All in all, I'm glad to have this neighborhood place around.
They're closed on Mondays by the way, so make sure to plan for that!

Your typical nail salon with a "just above average" pedicure.
The place was very clean and had a newer movie playing (loudly).
I liked that the owner tells the girls to speak only English and that they use hot stones for the massage at no extra charge.
Not sure why but the hot towels they use at the end had a very strange almost offensive odor!
I would probably go back for the $20.00 classic pedi and ask for Amanda next time My friend that went with me liked her a lot.
I've had much better & much worse!!

My grandmother wanted to take me out for my birthday to get my nails done so we went to this place.
I was pleased with the star rating and it was located in between our homes.
Fortunately they were not busy so we were helped right away.
For future reference they prefer appointments.
The number one thing that we both liked was that the girls were not speaking Asian across the room to each other, its extremely rude.Most of them were American, which you rarely see these days unless you go to a high end salon.
For $30 we got manicures and pedicures.
I must say I normally don't like the leg massage but they use hot stones which felt amazing!
I loved everything about this place; from the massage chairs to the neatness of their restroom.
Something I have never seen before...the nail polish was in color order not all mixed up.
I cant wait to go back!

Posh is amazing.
My family has been going here for 4 years and we are in love with them.
Everyone is so friendly and amazing.
A pedicure includes a hot stone massage but the upgrade pedicures are all worth it as well.
A full colored set is 25 and they always look amazing.
They do so many different designs some traditional and some very unique.
The colors are ordered, so if you are looking for a purple, all the purples are together, all the blues, pinks, and so on.
It's definitely easy to find the exact color you want.
Posh also has nail designs throughout the salon so that if you need an inspiration for a different design, you have easy access.
The owner is Susan and she is so friendly.
Amanda has worked there for years and she does amazing work as well.
All the other employees are all great as well.
There is always a new movie or show on the large flat screen.
Waxing and facial services are available at a reasonable rate too.
They are closed on Mondays and prefer appointments so keep that in mind.
Also, they only speak English in the shop.

Since I origionally wrote this review, Susan has sold the Nail Salon.
Amanda has left.
I continued going to Posh for a few months after Susan "took vacation.
" The new owners didn't want to say that Susan left cause they didn't want to have long time customers who were loyal to her leave.
They are nice, but they push higher priced services and aren't quite as good as the entire team.
I don't like being lied to, so I stopped going here.

You absolutely need to come to this nail salon.
It's the best and they do such an amazing job!!!
:) It's super nice inside too.
I won't go anywhere else and would highly recommend it to anyone.

They did a good job.
Tried the magnet look on my nails.
Pretty cool look.

Love this place.
I tried about four or five other places before I found posh.
I won't go anywhere else now.

I went to Posh Nails for the first time this past weekend and got a pedicure and a fill along with gel polish for my fingernails.
Service was great and the Technician did an excellent job removing my callouses from my heels, which is always a concern as I suffer with incredibly dry feet.
He did a very wonderful and thorough job even though it was only their 'basic' pedicure.
I'm thrilled with my fingernails as well, the acrylic is even and not lumpy and thin but not so thin it's brittle.
Gel polish is lovely and looks like it will last at least 3 weeks.
I will willingly drive across town to get this level of service.
5 Stars!

Two of my sisters and my brother-in-law stopped here for a manicure and pedicure after seeing positive reviews on yelp.
We all got what I believe was the Deluxe Pedi & Mani for $55.
The staff was patient and personable.
The foot treatment was great, and included lots of exfoliating and smoothing treatments.
The toenail paint was fine.
However, when it came to the manicures, we were fairly disappointed.
It seemed more hurried and less careful than the pedicure.
Most of our nails came out with an uneven coat, and were very easily smudged.
One of my sisters went back for a redo twice, while I had the finger nails completely redone because of the uneven coating.
I also had to have them re-trimmed because the shapes were asymmetrical, and not rounded, as I requested.
Since the first nail color was too thick, I chose a more translucent polish, for the second round, which was fine.
Another sister had more opaque coral, and on inspection after leaving, she was unhappy with the overall quality.
I realized later that the shape of my nails were all subtly uneven, and still not the rounded shape I was looking for, including my toenails.
I also noticed my cuticles were very dry and contained unclean edges.
My brother-in-law just has a trim and cuticle treatment, and he was fine with his nails.
To the business, I would recommend taking the nail polish out of the direct sunlight of the window, as it's thickening the product, or testing polish before customer usage in case a thinner is necessary.
Attention to detail when it comes to the nails should be the number one priority.
The staff should review proper techniques and apply them every time, with care, rather than whisking through without reviewing the results.
I wouldn't recommend going here specifically for nail color, but the foot/leg treatments were the most time consuming, and best feature.

