OMG, this place was yummy!
I had a sausage and mushroom pizza - it came Chicago style the crust was that perfect combination of soft by crispy!
Surprisingly enough, this was the best place I ate on this Vegas trip, def stop by on your way back from the pool!

While staying at the MGM Grand, my girls and I ate here two days in a row.
So good!
I had their cheeseburger and Meditteranean salad.
Delicious!
The salad was better than the burger though, but the fries with the burger were delicious.
It's located in the pool area and I'm not sure if you need to be a guest there to get in.
The service is okay though, but they are really bad a refilling waters.
I'd highly recommend checking Cabana Grill out when staying at the MGM.
I think all the food was under $20 during lunch, so it's not bad in Vegas terms.

Swimming makes you hungry, doesn't it?
The Cabana Grill will cure your food fix.
This place is located in the MGM Grand Pool area.
Prices average about $10-15 a person.
Which is fair considering it Vegas, and in the pool area, where its the only restaurant in site.
Unless you want to leave the pool area.
I don't think outside food is permitted, but I'm not to sure.
The sandwiches must of had about a pound of meat!
Really, insane amounts of meat.
I had the grilled ham and Swiss burger, which came with fries and a pickle.
I only ended up eat half the burger, cause it was so massive.
Remember what your parents told you, "wait an hour after you eat, before getting in the pool".
After the massive burger I felt like an anchor in the pool!
LOL!
Some of my other buddies ordered the cabana dog, which was also massive, looked like a foot long dog.
And the bucket of nachos...it was literally a big "bucket" full of nachos!
Overall good food and convenient if you've been floating in the lazy river all day and get hungry!

Located in the MGM Grand outside by the pool, we figured we'd eat this before going into the pool.
I know you're not supposed to go into the pool right after you eat, but hey, it's Vegas.
I had the chicken strips which came with 4 big pieces of chicken and a bucket of seasoned crisscut fries.
Tasted good and there was a lot of it.
The grilled cheese sandwiches were a different story.
Two sandwiches came out with the cheese barely melted.
Thats not grilled cheese in my book.
Also one sandwich was missing the fries it was supposed to come with.
So it took a while to get that straightened out.
The frozen drinks were not that great either and kind of expensive, $20 dollars each.
Considering that the service wasn't very good, it was annoying that the bill had already added in the tip for a group of 4 people.

This place isn't cheap, but it's not too expensive either due to the large portions.
I ordered the vegetarian omelet for breakfast on my most recent Vegas trip and I was very satisfied.
The omelet was large enough for two people and came with hash browns.
The service wasn't bad either.
I came back for lunch with my boyfriend and he ordered a chicken cob sandwich.
The sandwich was also large and came with a pile of criss-cut fries and a pickle.
The service wasn't as good as my breakfast experience, because there was some seating assignment confusion.
Three waiters passed our table and never asked our order.
After 15 minutes of waiting, we asked the hostess stand (which we were seated adjacent to) where our waiter was, and then our order was promptly taken.
If you're tired of fast food but don't want to drop $25 on a meal, then give this place a shot.
You'll get a lot of good quality food for about $13 a person.

Chicken cobb pool-side Sprouts, avocado, so good!
Six dollar Cokes - bargain?

Poolside bar with a few appetizers and a limited menu.
You pay a premium for being outside and near a resort pool.
Today the pool scenery was limited.
The hummus appetizer was excellent, wine and cock  tails were 50 percent more than other bars in the resort.

Had the chicken tenders and they were very mediocre.
I had them two years ago and they were amazing.
They definitely changed them for the extreme worse.
The fries used to be waffle fries and now they are terrible raw fries.
The chicken used to be fresh now they seem like they were microwaved and really very poor.
I came to MGM for the cabana grill and now I'm soured on the whole hotel.
Fix the cabana.
For the love of god fix it.

Horrible.
Had the burger, fries and hot dog.
Couldn't even eat the hotdog, smelled like it was the epitome of food borne illness.
Fries were passable, burger was as dry and tactless as the desert itself.
Would not go back, even if I was starving poolside.
MGM should be ashamed, especially when there's quality pub food just inside at Wolfgang pucks.

I was disappointed to stay at MGM, where I planned to spend every day and all day at the pools, and find out that they do not have poolside food service via waitress.
Most hotels on the strip do.
The fact that MGM didn't was impeding on my time in the sun and taking away from my 8am efforts to grab the first and best pool-side chairs that I'd potentially lose by leaving for lunch.
The only option is the to-go portion of Cabana grill which is a very limited menu and quite heavy fare for pool-side.
I would have preferred a healthier lighter selection.

I had the nachos and OMG THEY WERE TO DIE FOR.
I am still having dreams about them..lol.
And its a HUGE portion too...so worth it!

Yummy breakfast before going to our cabana.
crunch french toast is a must!

I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars on this one.
The Cabana Grill is an open air restaurant in the Grand Pool Complex at the MGM really more like a cafe in style.
You need to be a hotel guest to get through the entry that leads to the cafe.
The seating area is covered from the sun - thank God!
The staff were all friendly and nice.
Everything came really quickly and was quite tasty.
I had the Breakfast Sandwich minus the bacon and my b/f had a Shrimp cocktail and Greek salad.
Of all the places to eat around the pool this was the best option for us as we didn't want "fast pool cabana type food".

