The Oaf, is big, comfortable, has a patio and great Stone oven pizza.
This place either is a bar with great bar food or is a restaurant masquerading as a bar.
Can't be sure yet.
Located right near E. Was and MATC it has a huge parking lot, the staff-while lazy-stil gets the job done.
A mix of domestic and micro's on tap and plenty of bottled to choose from including nearby Ale Asylum brews.
During happy hour appetizers are half price (as low as $2) and taps and rails are $1 off.
This would be a good place for a group or a casual date, but not too fancy.
There are plenty of tv's generally tuned to sports, and they do live music on saturdays and some thursdays...the only drawback is the Jukebox which is a bit subpar.

Really a pretty nice bar/restaurant.
Comfortable couches and good pizza and burgers.
Good place to play trivia on Mondays.
Makes me think there might be some good reasons to venture to the east side more often.

First thing I noticed upon entering were the comfy couches!!
Jackpot!!
The wait staff was very timely in seating us and the food came out pretty soon after ordering, didn't even have time to finish my drink.
Very impressed!!

Working on the far east side, there aren't a lot of fun places to go with the coworkers after a long day.
Thankfully the Oaf has come along.
The comfy couches and plenty of seating inside are great for hanging out in both small and large groups.
With the wonderful early spring weather we've been having, the patio area has been great.
There is tons of room out there to soak up the sun.
The food is pretty decent too.
They have a big brick oven pizza in the the corner that helps deliver some tasty pies at a reasonable price.
I also like that you can get a whole wheat crust as an option.
The many appetizers they have are yummy fried goodness that help soak out the alcohol from the many fine beers they have on tap (including ale asylum and fat tire).

Great place to hang out and have a good draft beer.
Bartenders are friendly and good-looking--Ryan is my favorite.
Not because I'm attracted to him though.
Big enough to accommodate a large group and the food is decent too.
Check it out.

This venue charges for soda refills, which is absolutely unacceptable to me.
I had the grilled cheese sandwich with vegetables - the veggies were  very good, and the pesto worked well.
The cheese was barely there and the bread was basically store bought white bread.
Prices were normal for the local area.
Service was somewhat slow but otherwise acceptable.
Honestly, if you want better food and service, try Dexters or Ale Asylum or any chain place.

This is a favorite with people at work.
It's close, good prices, daily specials, trivia night, and some great brick oven pizza!
Real crispy crust!
Friendly staff, good selection of brews, a nice patio, and plenty of parking round out the reasons we keep going back!

This place is OK.  Food is OK.  Service is OK.
Atmosphere is OK.

The food was great but the waitress was a joke..

Great soup and burgers!
Their salads are also fantastic.

I went on a Friday and ordered the baked cod.
It was covered in sort of a crunchy bread crumb thing, and to me it was like saying, "No.
You were wrong you really wanted battered and fried cod.
"  I never got my soup.
Didn't want it after the other food.
The food came relatively quickly.
My wife ordered the Thai peanut chicken salad.
She said there was a sauce on the chicken that was good but she didn't have enough for the salad, so she asked for more Thai-peanut dressing.
Evidently they had forgotten the Thai-peanut dressing because it was disgusting.
Let me give you the recipe:  Sriracha sauce mixed with cheap creamy peanut butter and a little Italian dressing to thin it out.
I'll eat pretty much anything and even I left it.
$6.50 for a can of Strongbow seems a little high for Madison, but the food was reasonably priced.
The check was $22 something and the waitress didn't bring my change from $25, so I didn't tip any more.
The waitstaff also seemed really disorganized as if all the tables were whoever gets there first gets it rather than splitting them up.
I wanted to like it because I live nearby and they have a nice patio, but I don't think we'll be back.

Nice atmosphere and good drink specials.

We went on a Saturday night, around 730pm.
Service was quick and friendly.
The cheese curds with ranch are to die for.
I got the bacon blue cheese burger, and my boyfriend got the burger with an egg and bacon on it ( can't remember the name) and we both got ranch fries.
Healthy?
Not at all.
But it was amazing.
Easily in the top 5 burgers we'd ever had.
All that was only $23.50.
Quick dinner, cool atmosphere, ceap price.
They had an impressive bar an beer selection, but we were driving back to St Louis after we left so we didn't partake in anything.
I definitely recommend this place and will go back if I'm ever in the area again.

The food was average at best... the server was far from friendly and solidifying my decision to never visit the place again.

Sat on the porch on Tuesday night for trivia night and was packed-it was a good time!
Nice patio, decent prices on food and drinks, and the inside was nicer than I expected and was spacious.
I would come back here again for a meal and for trivia-the announcer guy was witty and hilarious....questions were a bit more challenging than I would have thought but we came in second so that's not too bad:)  You can tell they've had renovations recently but they forgot to work on the bathroom....hopefully that will come next.

Stopped in for lunch, and was pleasantly suprised.
The service was perfect!
The Salmon BLT was simply amazing and the Ranch fries dipped in Ranch was the topping on the cake!!
Highly recommended, and will go back again for sure.

Lazy gyro.
Not carved off a rotating hunk o meat on spit.
This one is thin sliced lunch meat.
I don't know how they cook it but mine was burnt

One of the best bars for food on Madison's east side!
Not satisfied with just offering one of the widest selection of draft & bottled beers anywhere, they also have outstanding food, especially their pizzas.
Prices excellent!
A lot of large TVs but they don't overwhelm the place like in a sports bar.
Staff is very friendly and attentive.
My favorite place on the east side, bar none.
Now, if they'd just put some barrier shrubs around the patio to block the noise and visual ugliness of Stoughton Road, they'd be tops!

Skip it.
I tried the Lazy Oaf because it is an establishment near my home that many of my friends have encouraged me to try.
In my desire to find the best beef in town, I ordered the Italian Beef sandwich.
The meat was so fatty it was impossible to bite.
The description of the sandwich explained that it came with mozzarella cheese.
I had to open my sandwich and actively search for the tiny pieces of cheese.
The bread was a warm ciabatta roll.
That was the saving grace for the entire meal.
The portion was small for $8.50.
I ate my sandwich because I was really hungry but it was too salty and sub-par.
The meat was luke warm.
I am not going to lie when I say it was probably the worst thing I gave ever eaten at a restaurant.
Dramatic?
No.
I actually thought to myself, McDonald's could do it better.
I ordered it with a side salad which was actually delicious.
It was a spinach and spring mix.
So two stars?
Why not one.
The martinis.
It was Monday and Happy Hour lasted all night.
So for $5 you can get a generously poured martini.
I tried both the chocolate and apple martini.
Honestly, delicious.
Great deal.
They have a patio that sits on a slow part of Stoughton road.
So go for the cocktails, but skip the food.
I should add that Annie, our server, was wonderful.
She was attentive and yet not hovering.

