I've been here twice, so far, with my husband, and we both love it!
The first time there was complementary wine tasting--a fun activity while waiting for the food to arrive.
We've tried a number of the small plates and the vegetarian paella.
The food is consistently delicious, perfectly seasoned, and very traditionally Spanish.
The staff is friendly and attentive.
Located in a not-so-nice strip mall off of Allen Blvd., the interior is surprisingly lovely--great ambiance, and a welcome improvement to said strip mall for sure.
It's right down the road from our house, and we are thrilled to have such a yummy, charming place in close proximity.
We will definitely be visiting again soon.

Absolutely awesome tapas, exactly what the Madison area needed.
I can't afford the Icon, and it's not nearly as authentic.
My family is from Madrid, and I can honestly say that the tapas are very traditional- traditional enough that I had to read the menu & explain some of the dishes & ingredients to my non-Spanish friends at the table.
The service was a little on the slower side, but I've found that's pretty typical for such a new restaurant.
I hope that the servers speed up a little, without sacrificing the quality of the food.
I highly recommend checking it out yourself... sit back, relax, & enjoy the relaxed environment!
I'll be back as soon as possible to see if the paella can live up to my Abuelita's :)

We chose Tapas Rias last night for a special occasion & it was a terrific choice!
For less than $50, 2 people were stuffed with tapas, a half pitcher of very good sangria riojas & 2 desserts.
The selection of tapas was pretty broad & the portions generous.
Our favorites of what we ordered were the grilled scallops, the garbanzo beans with chorizo & the cold red potato salad (not the one with tuna).
Oddly, the low point of the 6 dishes we ordered was the Spanish olives; I love these when we are in Europe, but have never had any in the US that aren't over-salted & under-flavored.
The table next to us ordered the cold mussels & we wished we had tried them, too (next time).
The service was excellent- attentive but not intrusive.
The other highlight of the evening was the music- The Sweet Tooths!
We had never heard them before, but when we got home & looked them up on MySpace & YouTube we may be in the minority.
If you have never heard them (also known as Bronson & Preston Taalbi), remedy that IMMEDIATELY.
You don't have to like Spanish or flamenco guitar (but I bet you will after you hear them), because they intersperse that with guitar standards like Clapton, Santana, & Stairway to Heaven.
We will definitely go back to Tapas Rias & will probably break a traffic law or two if we hear The Sweet Tooths are there.

The quality of food warrents a much higher price.
Similar tapas bars in Madison charges you much more for half the portion and terrible flavor.
Enjoyed the atmosphere and the food.
Great value

We went with the kids as a family.
All the kids loved the bread and oil that is served before the meal.
My wife and I scoured Spain for good paella, but the Tapas Rias seafood paella is far better.
The tapas are tasty and prices are good.
The plato combinado was mighty tasty.

Not authentic, not fresh,  and really not worth the bother!
The quality of ingredients was sub-par, the ingredients used in the menu items weren't authentic either.
Another disappointing tapas experience in Madison...I can't wait to see someone do it right.

We ordered all varieties of the hot tapas, and fell in love right away.
Yay for the first Spanish Tapas we had in Madison, and yay for the cheap delicious seafoods and many more.
The grilled squid and the cucumber salad was so tasty and refreshing, the chicken and ham croquette/puff was very tasty and satisfying, the deep fried squid was not special but still delisious (with mayo sauce on the side), and the grilled octopus were okay.
The bread was warm and soft, and after dipping it in olive oil, yummm it was so much better.
We also ordered the paella, as we think it's a must whenever you go to a Spanish restaurant.
We were dissapointed, because you have to get two orders minimum,  it was not as cheap as other meals in the menu, and the taste was so-so.
I won't go back and order this again.
For drink, I had the mango sangria, and I loveeeee it!!!
The waitress was super friendly and attentive, eventhough it was a busy night.
Overall, this place is a must visit, especially if you crave for fresh seafood for a reasonable price!!
It's a very nice place to have a fun night out, sharing foods, and enjoying different flavors of sangria...

This is probably one of the most best places I've dined at in a while.
Their paella is incredible, so much seafood and chicken that two people might not be enough to finish it!!
The red wine sangria was amazing, not too strong nor too weak, just right.
Plus each meal is started off with warm fresh bread and olive oil, delicious!!
And there are so many tapas to choose from, I recommend the plata combinado for a good all-around sampling of the tapas frias.
The portions are great too, not to small that you're still hungry but not too large where you're walking out with a huge box.
Tapas Rias is fantastic, bottom line!

Great food and excellent service.
Everyone is friendly and makes sure you have what you need.
We love to get a variety of hot tapas.
The beef tenderloin skewers are so tender and the sauce is delicious.
We always get a plate of the Chorizo to share.
The variety of different sausages is really nice.
Tonight we tried the Rioja potatoes with sausages and the sauce on that dish was really tasty.
The bread is fresh and warm and perfect to soak up the wonderful sauces on everything.
We have also enjoyed the scallops.
The atmosphere is warm and inviting despite the high ceilings and the Spanish music gives a nice atmosphere.
Don't let the strip mall location discourage you from trying this gem.

Our first visit to this place was for my birthday, and it was killer!
The second visit, for my husband's birthday, not so much.
Super under -staffed, therefore super slow service, and the food was not great.
We'll try it again, just to give it a fair chance...I hope it's good!

The food is delicious and affordable.
I am primarily writing to counter a few of the bad reviews.
Granted the service was slow, they were busy when I went.
HOWEVER without any comment on the mediocre service, the owner came and apologized and brought us all free drinks!
Amazing job keeping us happy!
I have an issue with the individuals who say it is awful because it is not authentic.
First off, judging by the reviewers names they are not of Spanish origin.
Secondly, trying to know precisely what an entire nations food should be is difficult even for people of that nationality.
One "typical" dish can be represented many ways in different regions.
Thirdly, even if it is not "authentic" it is very delicious!

This was a pleasant find.
Each plate feeds about 3-4 people so it's nice to be able to share and enjoy a greater variety of food.
We were offered a sample of the red sangria and it was seasoned with cinnamon;  I'm normally not much of a fan but I would order this sangria.
Since there were four of us, we got to try a number of dishes, all of which we really enjoyed (the ingredients were very fresh and everything was well-seasoned):  Queso de Cabra En Adobe (goat cheese), Platos de Tres Quesos, Pincho de Solomillo (tender, skewered beef, terrific),  Gambas al Ajillo (very garlicky shrimp), Roxo Adobado (pork - terrific), Caracoles a la Barcelona (not your typical escargot and you do want to get every bit of sauce with the bread they serve), and the tomatoes with sausage (the vegetables were great even without the flavourful sausage).
My family really enjoyed it and we all agreed that we'd come back.

I have been here a number of times and figured I should give them some love!
Don't be scared of the "strip mall appearance" and go on in you will be pleasantly surprised!
Weekends & week nights friends and I have always got right in and had quick immediate service.
The servers are always very friend and helpful with selections.
They have live music I believe every Friday night.
Everything I have ever had here is always very fresh, tasty and fulfilling.
There are many many Tapas to choose from and there is something for everyone!
It is so fun to all pick something and pass it around!
I would highly recommend trying the specialty drinks here!
The Margaritas & mojitos with the spice around the rim are simply amazing.
2 for 1 Margaritas on Weds Night!!

I love this Spanish-themed restaurant!
We had a very satisfying meal here and it was reasonably priced.
The waitstaff was numerous, efficient and very gracious.
The tapas were filling, nicely presented and set at the $5-7 range, with cold selections available.
Entrees were available too.
There was a lot of fish on the menu, but enough for vegetarians and meat eaters.
The owner introduced himself after the meal and we tasted a complimentary Spanish margarita sample and chocolates at the end of our meal.
Everyone in the restaurant was having a good time and there was a relaxed, cosmopolitan feel to the place.
The info at their site deserves a look.
The music was acoustic guitar and was unnecessarily mic'd, but like many Madison restaurants, it was noisy because everyone was talking and having a good time--ear plugs suggested.
Although located in an Allen Blvd.
strip mall next to the Dollar store and the demolished Sentry, the atmoosphere is cozy, warm and buzzing.
We went on Friday after tax day so it was busy...

Old fish.
Good service, yet unapologetic.
The paella was flavorless with no hint of saffron nor fish broth.
Hubby tells me mixing meat and fish in paella is a no-no in Spain.
Not a big deal to me, if the shrimp didn't have a moldy aftertaste.
Luckily we are headed to cilantro for a sangria taste-off slash clean our palate adventure.
Not likely to return anytime soon.

On one hand, I love tapas like I love my children so I would like to have given this a 5-star rating.
On the other hand, the recommended items were average and a couple of the items were just not very good.
The reviews on Yelp had prepared me for the lackluster setting in a stripmall but the restaurant is nicely appointed with Spanish ambience (music, art, wine).
The service was attentive.
Sadly, their food just wasn't very good or tasty.

Really unassuming as a tapas joint.
As others said, don't let the strip mall appearance fool you, food is great.
Its much better than Cafe Samba if you been there, with a menu thats 2x or 3x bigger.
Lots of hot, cold, combos, seafood etc.
Super speedy service, tasty well plated foods.
Waitress helped explain certain items or what food looked like.
Great drink specials.
Pretty reasonable bill, we had 8 plates and 4 drinks and it came to around $50-60 only for the 2 of us.
We were STUFFED with those plates and had 3 left over boxes to take home with us for lunch the next day....reheated really well too.

They have very delicious food.
I can eat their gazpacho three times a day, every day.
It is great.

I really enjoyed this place.
I went there with some night-school classmates to blow off steam after a late class.
We tried a variety of tapas, of which, the chicken were the best.
There are a variety of dishes, all of which pack a lot of flavor.
The Wednesday night drinks specials are great (2 for 1 margaritas or sangria).
Average price person ended up being around $10.
Given all the food we eat, this was a fantastic value.
I give it extra props for taking us in at 9:10 (they close at 10) and letting us stay a little extra late.
Our server was attentive and even divided up all of our checks.
Check this place out!
I can't wait to go back.

I like the setting of this restaurant.
There's a nice bar and the decor of the dining area is nice.
This is a true Spanish tapas place.
I've only been here once and it was okay.
The sangria was a good deal.
We ordered eight tapas plates to try as much variety as possible.
I don't think our waitress was that helpful.
We would show her the menu and point to a random dish we thought was interesting and ask her if she'd recommend it or if it was good.
She affirmed each time and at the time, she made me think I was a genius.
Well, all the plates were mediocre or decent.
We had two desserts, one was an ice cream-based and another was a sweet pear.
I didn't really like either.
Service, however, was great.
I kind of felt bad since we kept asking our waitress for recommendations instead of ordering the tapas all at once.

CLOSED ***  Ugh!!!!
Banging.
My.
Head.
On.
My.
Steering  wheel!!
What is up with trying to get a bite to eat in Middleton?
First I went to Palmyra.
It was closed for good.
As I was Yelping on my phone, I saw a local guy and he recommended Tapas Rias.
So I drove here to Tapas Rias and guess what?
It was closed for good.
Next I go to the gas station to fill up and I ask another local what he recommends.
He said the buffet at the grocery store (Copps Food Center) was great and Imperial Garden has the best Chinese food around.
So I pretended to sound interested since he was kind enough to talk with me.
However, a grocery store buffet and chinese food...in Middleton?
That's the best a local could offer?
But it got better.
As he gave me directions to Imperial Garden, he explained that the restaurant was attached to a gas station.
UGH!!!
No thank you!
Now I'm frustrated AND hungry and I'm just trying to find some decent food to bring back to the hotel for me and my husband.
So on my way to Imperial Gas station....I mean Garden.
I drive by Crandall's.
This place looked like it had good food.
Unfortunately, they are closed on Sunday.
After Yelping a bit more, I looked up Captain Bill's.
I wasn't necessarily looking to spend a lot of money, but it sounded good and I was in the area.
I passed it up a couple times, but once I found it, there was a sign on the door "open 5 PM to Close".
Well...it was almost 3 PM.
Is this for real people.
I had nothing to eat today.
How can this be?
Thank God for Yelp.
I starting Yelping again and looked up more reviews in the Middleton area.
That's when Mharaja Restaurant came up.
I called immediately to find out if they were open...for the day...or at all for that matter.
The man who answered the phone explained that they close at 3 PM.
It was 2:51 PM and he was kind enough to wait for me to get there.
I ordered way too much food but it was pretty decent.
***I would have rather had tapas, but as you can see from my photo, it will soon be a little Mexican restaurant called Cocina Real.

As Wendy C notes, the location has closed.
Verified.

