Grand Opening Today!!
3 radio stations were there giving away goodies, free hot dogs & soft drinks, plus lots of wine tasting & liquor sampling inside.
PLUS they have the best prices on booze in town.
I got lucky & won 2 tickets to KOMP 92.3 Kegger @ Hard Rock Hotel & 2 tickets to Lee's Beer Experience at the LV Hilton next weekend.
Go to Lee's for Liquor.

A supermarket of liquor, beer, wine and anything else alcoholic.
Great selection and prices.
When you pay with cash, you get a larger discount.
Remember the little bottles on airplanes?
They have a huge selection of these so you can try liquor with spending $45 on a bottle.
I got a bottle of Absinthe for $8.
I've always wanted to try it.
More reviews to follow unless I fry my brain.

The best place in a four-state area to buy anything drinkable.
And, Melissa if you're out there, Alexander Grappa for like a hundred dollars a bottle, two domestic kinds of grappa (araujo estate of napa valley and clear creek distillary of oregon) for fifty and twenty five dollars a 375ml bottle respectively.
Really superior pricing with "club" card and "debit" card.
Great private lot parking.
Very strong addition to the business community.
I hope they do well.

Hah!
This must be the feeder store or overflow store.
If you want a case of something common or want a keg for the frat party, this is the place.
If you want knowledgeable help or anything of high quality?
Forget it!
And I was impressed with the way in which the store has an advertised sale.
Take a wine, say the Outpost Zinfandel, have a huge sale in August where it is under $20, then bring it back up to the $40 range, then again to the $54, then offer a seemingly crazy Buy one and get one for a penny sale.
So you are spending over $20 a bottle when just two months ago a single bottle was under $20.
Viola!
Trick them suckers ( I mean customers ) into thinking they've just made a huge score.
The bean counters at work again!
Save yourself some misery and go to Total Wine.
And I'm not even affiliated with them.
Except in them helping me save time and money.

Ok, UNDERSTAND that this is the "clearance/close-out" store for the Lees' "chain".
That being said-being CHEAP, i love this place!
(ok, i can walk to it) Maybe, they do not have everything (the other locations do!
) but you can get some splendid "deals" on "obscure" wines, micro brews, and just "different" hard liquor.
And, i DO NOT NEED "help", nor do i want to be followed around like i may pinch a bottle, like i was at the Total Wine Store.
And the guy waiting on me was too pretentious!
They (Total Wine) have over-blown prices for US wines, and are CLUELESS!
So, i find the folks at Lees' more to my "taste".
i ENJOY my alcohol, i want the best "buzz" for my buck, and having a wine "snob" trying to sell me French swill, is not for me!
Lees', especially this location, is the BEST for the "average" Vegas customer, no "frills", but the BEST prices!
And these folks are LOCAL!
i ALWAYS enjoy my "experience" here, and i have been able to try some different "grapes" i may never had the chance too, because of the price/availability.
i am Sicilan, i live with an Italian and we KNOW wine, its' in the "genes"!
Amazing store, amazing company-yeah, i like this place!

This is the Lee's liquidation center, which means that the selection isn't the same as other places because this is where all the leftovers from Lee's come to find their final resting place.
The good news is that this means you can find seasonal beer on the cheap after the season is over.
I've scored 6 packs of Leinie's Octoberfest here for $1.75.
They also have a lot of wine that is being discontinued here, we've purchased bottles that normally run for $15-$20 for $3-$5 at times.
I don't buy hard alcohol, so I cannot speak to the further discounts on that.
The bad news, at least for me, is that their beer selection is not as good as other Lee's locations.
They have a decent selection of micros, particularly 22oz's, but when I go to other Lee's, I just see so much more of my regional favorites.
Because this place is so close to home, it will continue to be my default Lee's.

Prices are so low here that you can easily drop over $200 dollars by the excitement!
The selection is insane and the service here is top notch.
We were greeted by the cashier, who asked if we needed any help (not at that time we didn't,) and then later by an asian man who was likely the manager.
He was not sure about a type of liquor that I was asking about and called his sales represenative to inquire, they found a substitute which was the exact same liquor with a different name.
I'm pleased and this will be my go to place to buy my liquor in the future.
Huge selection, lowest prices in Vegas, and friendly sales people- there's no room for improvement!
I'm off to make a martini now!
:-)

While their local commercials are embarrassing to everyone involved, I keep coming back for the selection alone.
Best selection in V-Town.

I love this place, not only do they have an amazing selection but their prices are always great, My stepfather works at a liquor store and he even comes here to buy his booze.
The other day I came in here with some friends and we bought this new whip cream infused with alcohol... well all the air had been let out of the container or something because it was coming out pure liquid.
We brought it back and they exchanged it for us.
They didn't have to but they did, it was very delicious and got a lot of attention being the drunk messes that we are when we brought it out on the town with us.

love love love this store and location!
I always find what I need and the employees are more than happy to help me out with anything.
great gift sets, good sale promotions, sometimes vendors are there for taste samples and special offers for new products and such.
I love the selection and sizes of the products they carry  I am a loyal customer and truly love this store a lot!

Great prices on liquor, must get ur pre funk on wit Lee's.

Cheapest place to buy liquor.
For all the Californians, think of...Bev Mo!!
$24 for a 750ml bottle of Hennessy.
You can't go wrong with that!!

I only drink alcohol socially, so 90% of the stock doesn't apply to me.
I am a fan of spicy ginger ale (I personally think Canada Dry tastes like Sprite) so I was happy to see some variety in stock (Reed's, Fever Tree, etc.

The Awesome: Standard Lees Selection, which is amazing.
Don't be fooled into thinking this Lee's has a *better* selection than other comparably sized Lee's, they use their extra stock for pallets of clearance, none of which has seemed particularly appetizing.
The Abysmal: The service.
The best case scenario is they ignore you.
More often they will give you dirty looks, huddle in conversation when you're clearly looking for help despite looking your way, and occaisionally be outright hostile.
I had an older asian gentleman of  who I gathered was the manager refuse to even investigate whether a sales price hadn't been updated on an item.
He wouldn't even check.
So I went and got the sale sign from the aisle and despite the aisle being full of the signs (it was a large stock) he insisted they were all wrong and refused to apologize.
Some of the worst customer service I have ever had anywhere.

Damn.
That is one amazing selection.
I would have to say that if you want booze, this is the store of your dreams.
There wasn't one thing I knew of that I didn't find a bottle of, and there were a bazillion things I hadn't heard of that were there too.
And if it was any cheaper ($20 for a half gallon of Malibu or Sailor Jerry's was $21) I think they'd be paying me to take it home.
Tips: you'll need to drive more than a little bit to get to this from the strip but if you're planning on any kind of serious drinking, this is your spot.

So I still feel dirty about giving these people my money; but it's gotten better.
The staff has gone from being hostile to being apathetic, and there's at least one cashier( the one who has to cover his tattoos with black long sleeves) who gives really spectacular beer recommendations and decent customer service.
The old manager who was rude to me following his being wrong on a price and my being a paragon of friendly virtue* hasn't been sighted in months.
They still seem to abhor making an effort to get anything beyond the "American Craft Brew Standards", even compared to other Lees.
That being said, the selection is still probably better than 98% of all liquor stores.
Khoury's has 1/30th the space and a far more glorious selection, but that's a truly epic beer store.
Credit where it's due.
*almost true!

I love giant liquor stores.
I dig the spectacle of Total Wine but Boca Park isn't always convenient.
Lee's Liquor at Rainbow/Oakey is my normal everyday spot and am usually in there once a week in summer to pick select some froofy 6-pack after work or just take advantage of some of the discounted beers.
The location and parking are convenient and the staff is friendly and helpful.
I'm a little dissapointed recently though that my Lee's isn't stocking much of the beer they are advertising on special.
The last two or three visits have me discovering some pretty sweet deals taped to the front of the coolers for beer on sale($3.99/6 pk Red Stripe and 220z.
Pyramid Hefeweisens at 2/$3.00) unfortunately they were all out of stock every time.
I realize that sales will attract people who buy everything at times, but have been back to check for some of the items repeatedly to no avail.
Plenty of great beer to choose from at full(good) prices.
I just felt that maybe a bit of bait and switch was happening with the advertised specials never being in stock.
I like this place and will continue shopping here, maybe I'll ask the manager next time.....
Cheers

After almost 6 months of buying Bailey's (6-12 bottles a month) they raised the price 5.00 a  bottle.
This is a discount liquor store, yet my local liquor sell it for  2.00 LESS.
So I warn you check discount, as Lee's is not always the best price.
I felt since we were buying so much, they just figured they would raise the price.
Lees comment was their supplier raised the price, really it wasn't raised at my local liquor store.
I feel Lees just took advantage (screwwed ) a loyal customer, ex loyal customer.
Why would I pay more at Lee discount, when local liquor stores are a better deal and the customer service is far better.

I'm a wine person and my husband is more of a craft beer person.
When we're looking for variety in both types of libations we go to Lee's.
There is a ridiculous selection of wines, beers and spirits, ranging from  Thunderbird to Bordeaux.
The prices are among the lowest in town.
If you're looking to get liquored up this is the place to go.
There is also a rewards program, which I haven't redeemed anything from yet.
Perhaps I need to throw more parties so I can get more points.
The reason I'm awarding five stars is because of a recent development, the addition of several types of mead.
Last summer when I asked about mead they only had one type, Chaucer's.
Now (perhaps the release of Elder Scrolls: Skyrim raised mead's popularity?
) there are no less than five types of mead available.
I was also happy to see several varieties of ice and late harvest wine.
A sweet discovery indeed.

1 star for customer service, 5 stars for selection, real drab bored unhappy ,and surly employees especially the short old Asian man that never smiles or says, thank you ,stay away from this location, lots of people outside lurking all the time..

There's really nothing to say about the best liquor store in town other than it's the best place in town for liquor!
They have an inmense selection of wine and beer (although I dare say you can find cheaper wine at Fresh and Easy and Trader Joe's) and most important, liquor.
They have an enormous selection of liquor, divided by spirits.
Gin, whiskey, tequila, vodka, etc.
They also have an incredible selection of mixers and liqueurs.
I have a collection of four cocktail books and I really have to go out of my way to not find something here.
I agree that the customer service could be improved, however I usually come in knowing what I want and where to find it so it does not affect me much.
What would be really cool is if they dedicated a bit more space to glasses and barware.
I have been looking for champagne coupes and there is a place downtown that sells really delicate, pretty ones but you have to buy a set of 80 from them (I believe they supply the cocktails bars in town).
Othen than that, they get five stars from me!

I come here for all my alcohol needs.
I wish my Angry Orchard would be in a cooler though instead of just on the floor so it'd be nice and cold and ready to go but not a big deal.
They could also have lollipops for kids like other liquor stores do, but I guess they wouldn't since they have a sign that says something like NO CHILDREN ALLOWED.
Oops.
Sometimes Hunnie Bunnie's gotta roll with mama to the liquor store!

As an educated buyer, I really enjoy the occasional finds at Lees.
The staff is generally pretty ignorant of wine so an uneducated buyer will have a problem and likely be lead to whatever huge allotment needs to move.
I think the stores are just a bit too big for good quality control.
Tons of white wines and rosés on the shelves well beyond their expiration and brown, but they'll sell them to you and returns aren't always easy.
So if you know what you're after/buying, again some great deals and nice finds.
Otherwise, it's dangerous.
That said, Lees is a great place to get wines with some nice bottle age, whereas Total Wine is ONLY newly released vintages.

We drive by this one all the time and noticed it said on the sign this one is their liquor liquidation center.
Cool!
I definitely wouldn't mind a liquor outlet as we collect all kinds of spirits and maybe, just maybe they'll have something quality on sale.
We browse around and well, the prices are regular Lees prices.
I was hard pressed to find liquidation anything.
I know my alcohol and I know the going rate for a lot of things because useless facts is how I roll.
Either way, misleading.
I guess the plus for visiting Lee's is there are a few things they have that TW&M doesn't have that perked my interest, but not enough to buy them.
They have a few endcaps with big "sales" and one caught my eye with local Las Vegas Distillery stuff.
I ended up getting a bottle of Rumskey at the $21 price.
It was a good price, but not a good deal as they lead to believe.
They mention the regular price is $34.99 which I knew the going rate for their stuff was less than that last time I checked and almost bought a bottle.
I happen to be at TW&M later in the day and $21.99 is the normal price there.
Nice marketing strategy to make people feel good about purchases, but it's a false sense of it and not actually a sale, so boo.
There was only one cashier in the store and no one else that we saw, so probably would be difficult to ask questions.
I come to Lee's knowing and feeling slightly sad that generally it is DIY.
I like talking to people about their spirits of choice and helping narrow it down based on what they know of their product.
I'm usually self sufficient in spirits knowledge, but sometimes I just want to know what other spirit folks are loving that may be not in my radar.
Some Lee's you can ask questions, but this is not the location for it.
I know, I'm probably asking too much in a way since the demographics was pretty much "party peeps" that beeline to their Bud Light...
I love to support local, but I also love to support my collectors habits and I want to be able to feel good about my purchases.
I don't really get that feeling from here.

super low price.

The customer service sucks, like all Lee's locations I've been to.
But, the beer and booze selection is pretty darn good and it's right around the corner so we come here frequently.

Ok liquor store overall.
Clean, decent selection, and friendly staff.
The prices are hit and miss as far as being much cheaper than anywhere else.
Some things are cheap, while others you can find cheaper somewhere else.

Not sure the best way too review LIquor store since not often I go too one.
I was headed too friends pool party so stopped by since it was on the way.
It been while since I went but just remember it being good selection of everything.
I was in the beer kind of mode.
So headed too the back check out the beer selection.
I notice they had Magic Hat!!
I been fan since I had it on tap at one of the few restaurants in the town that serves it at DOCG.
So I was psyched!
They have lot of different micro brews from all over the place and great selection of wine.
I am sure it not measure up too the big boy competition in pure size.
It lot closer too home for me and gets the job done.
The prices are reasonable or least I think so since not often I go.
I would much prefer too go bar drinking with friends.
If in the need for alcohol Lees is great spot plus its clean store, friendly staff, and great selection.

Ah, Uncle Lee's.
I don't know where the nickname came from, but some of my friends call Lee's "Uncle Lee's" so...I do too.
Not the most stunning location, but its clean, and its close to home.
They have a decent selection, and really good prices.
Its a great standby for when I can't get to a Total Wine.
Friendly staff, and they give samples sometimes.

This chain of Liquor stores is the best in Las Vegas by far.
They have several locations around town.
So whether i am going shopping from my house or just out and about and want some beer there is always a location somewhere nearby.
Having frequented them for more than 15 years now, i know just about where every single Lee's is located.
I especially like The flagship store in Henderson on Sunset Road.
Quite simply they can't be beat for the combination of cheap prices, excellent selection of liquor, wines, and beers, and numerous locations around town.
These factors have made me loyal to Lee's for any alcohol needs.
The only store that is comparable is the newcomer Total Wine and More.
But they only have 2 locations, where as Lee's has pretty close to 20 now i believe.
Whether you are a local or tourist, check them out if you've never been.
This is the place to go when you need something to get yo drink on or get the party started.

Quite possibly the largest alcohol selection I've seen.
Decent prices.
If you're going to Las Vegas to party and you end up getting a rental car, it's always smart to get some beer and spirits outside of the strip.
This is always a good place to start.

I'm not really a big drinker and I don't keep a lot of alcohol in my home so I can't say I'm knowledgable by any means, but this store was basic and served my needs when I stopped here for a few bottles of wine and some limoncello for some gift baskets we were putting together for Christmas gifts.
They had a relatively large selection and although prices didn't seem to be particularly great, they were reasonable and we left with everything we came for.
Service was acceptable, but we didn't utilize them for anything beyond checking out and paying for our purchases.
I'll probably be back since it's close by and they have a pretty good variety.

Stopped by to get some wine on our way home from dinner because Lee's was right in the area.
I've been to other Lee's locations and although Lee's is not my go-to place for wine and spirits, it's totally okay for a quick in and out purchase.
However, I couldn't find much of anything in this place as there were no signs up to indicate what section was what and where I could find a specific type of wine as they are usually grouped together whenever I go to the store; nothing new.
Everything was just all over the place.
I couldn't find what I originally came for nor could I find another wine of the same type.
Plus, there was no one around to point me in the right direction.
730p on a Friday night?
Maybe everyone was out partying already and the manager forgot to staff some people to help customers out.
I just grabbed something that I had some kind of inclination to, paid, and left.
The man behind the counter couldn't get away to come and help me so I left it at that.
On the way out I overheard that it was a liquidation center so that put a lot into perspective but I still left a little disappointed.
Oh well, won't be coming back anytime soon.

One of the larger stores of the popular chain of liqour stores in vegas.
They carry an impressive selection of wine and beer at the location.
Good prices and definitely better than your average run of the mill liquor store.
With locations scattered across the valley, you're never too far from a Lee's.
Lee's is my go to liquor store unless I'm near the Walmart of liquor, Total Wine.

I am an indecisive person so shopping here is always at least 45 minute adventure with the gigantic selection of booze and beer.
I usually walk out with twice as much booze as i plan on getting because they always have something interesting that i have never seen before and i need to try.
Great spot to discover some new drinks at a  reasonable price.

Lee's Liquor's has a very large selection of beers & spirits.
This location is found on the southeast corner of Flamingo & Rainbow.
If you're looking for a not so well known/found liquor, there's a good chance Lee's has it.
From what I saw of the prices, they are reasonable & the staff is helpful when I needed assistance.

This stores is a potpourri of cheap booze!!!
I would recommend this store to buy alcohol over any other place in Vegas!!
Whether you are a local or visiting from out of town save yourself some money and get waaaay more drunk.

This is the place to go for all of your beer and liquor needs.
They really are the cheapest in the city.
I come here for Heineken only.
A 12pk will run you $11 and some change.
There's always plenty of parking.
Store his huge, bright and very clean.
Wide variety of alcohol.
More than what any one human needs.
Staff is very friendly.

