When shopping is an adventure and a destination, you must be heading to Tan Phat.
This is a funky Asian market that has been there for me whenever I need water chestnuts (for wrapping in bacon, and they carry five different brands!
Who knew so many companies were in the business of the water chestnut?
) or kitchen supplies for Asian themed dinners.
One of the first things that hits you upon entering in the smell of seafood.
After acclimating to that, you'll find a huge selection of canned goods, dried seafood and mushrooms, a decent selection of fresh produce and an ample amount of "novelty" edibles (you know, those intriguingly package foodstuffs that you just can't find outside of Asian markets).
The employees are usually polite.
You may have to walk through every aisle to find what you need, but that's part of the adventure.

Yowza this place is fish fresh.
And you will smell like it for the rest of the day if you spend more than seven nanoseconds inside.
It's bigger than you would think from the outside with rows and rows of cookware, canned..everything, and noodles.
Oh the noodles!
I love buying all sorts of them and experiementing with for weeks until I run out.
Ramem noodles from Asian markets are the only ones worth eating.
There's nothing too spectacular about Tan Phat, it's a little run-down, quite disorganized, and the staff won't greet you... or say hi when you come to the register... or let's face it-- they won't say anything to you at all.
However, it's a great resource for trying new types of food and cooking, and a super convenient location.

Very good variety of several different asian regions.
Obviously not as big as Lee Lee's in Chandler, but obviously the best in the area.
Even the homeless guy that lives around there is polite!
lol J/K  But it's pretty much a nice sized asian market when looking for your ingredients for asian cooking that you can't find at the grocery store.
Also pretty good coffee selection.

I must be spoiled and realize that this is not a big grocery store.
I tend to think the store is a good place in a pinch for Asian ingredients.
Mostly, Chinese and Vietnamese products for those looking for Japanese products might have to go elsewhere.
In a pinch it is great, hopefully with local support this store can improve.

Compared to many Asian super market this one is pretty unorganized.
But does carry a large selection food and sauces.
Parking lot is very small as well.

I think I'm way too Americanized for this place.
It's stinky and filthy.
There were unsanitary things every which way I looked.
There were these buckets full of veggies soaking in a liquid, i really can't think of any other way to describe it.
There were tongs just laying on top of this filthy rusty shelf and I guess you were supposed to grab the liquidy items and put them into a bag?
(see pics)   This white girl just couldn't handle it.
There was some sort of ceiling issue bc there was a lot of drippage.
all over their products.
see pics.
But you can get a crap ton of basil for $1.50.
My friends swear by this place, so if you're adventurous like them hit it up!

Anyone who dines at the popular Pho Thanh, which is in the same shopping complex, knows that parking here can be tricky during busy times (noon and early evening).
The store itself is much bigger than it seems from the outside, and there is quite a wide variety of Asian food and  merchandise within, though selections tend to be more limited compared to Lee Lee or Ranch Super L. You'll find most of what you'll need here in terms of Asian produce, packaged/bottled/canned foods - not all, though.
For instance, I can't find Tiparos, the very popular brand of fish sauce which is now found even in regular supermarkets, although this place does have other brands including a vegetarian (!!!
) fish sauce.
I also wish they'd put better lighting in the store and make the floors a bit, um, cleaner.

A fairly good selection for a market this small.
I'm not sure that I'm brave enough to purchase "fresh" fish, poultry or meat here however.
Not dirty dirty, but not clean either.
Produce is abysmal.
You also will not receive any help here.
You can ask for assistance, but the most I have ever gotten was an index finger pointing to "NUMBER 9!
" (meaning the aisle number).
I only go here because its close and I mainly buy only prepackaged items like Vietnamese coffee, spices, etc.

