Karma is a gorgeous salon with a fantastic staff!
The Alterna products sold there are the best.
If you are looking for a great stylist I highly recommend Roger.
He has totally transformed my look.
Whether I want a short stacked bob or long extensions Roger works my weave.
Roger not only does phenomenal extensions he also does one of the best straightening systems I've seen.
Go see Roger, you won't be disappointed.

If you're not willing or unable to spend high end money ($60 - 70) for solely a cut but demand a high end result..
THIS is your safe haven.
I had my hair cut AND colored for less than $100.
That's unheard of, well at least from the salons that I have confidence in.
The color is fantastic and the cut is the exact cut that I had had at Vidal, well close..
I had them tweek it a bit.
All in all worth the drive my friends, worth the drive!

Great place, and friendly/helpful staff.
I was a bit skeptical since I had to find a new salon after the one I went to closed down.
Vanessa M. is right, I got a haircut and highlights for only 95.00 which is craazzzy cheap.
I will probably be returning to this salon.

I wouldnt' exactly say this is a gorgeous salon like one of the reviewers said, but it is a salon where they don't try and price gouge you for every little thing.
I had a haircut there that was what I wanted by a gal with 15 years of experience for the right price.
This is a good salon that I will use again.

We were so lucky to get last minute appointments for Saturday morning, my mom and I were even able to get in at the same time.
She saw Sam, who she raved about and did a wonderful job on her hair.
I saw Emily who was also great.
The highlight was the scalp massage during the shampoo, I seriously almost fell asleep in the chair!
Aside from that even during the cut and style she has a great touch, no pulling, no tugging.
It was a very relaxing experience and I ended up with exactly what I requested.
She is a big quiet, but I didn't mind that at all just let me relax.
Overall the salon is very clean and friendly, the stylists are all talking to their clients not each other which I loved.
I hate feeling like I'm in the middle of someone else's conversation.
I'll absolutely go back, it's great to find a wonderful salon like this in the west valley.

I had a kudzu deal for this salon where I was looking to get my long, curly hair cut.
Sam (who came highly recommended for curly hair) did a wonderful job cutting off 7 inches and doing a face framing, curly lovely cut.

For all your hair needs come here to Karma Salon and see Niya!
I have been here twice now and brought my daughter in once.
Consistency is key and I can say I have had the best service each time!
The salon is very nice and upscale looking.
Niya is amazing at what she can do for all different hair types!
I'm black and my daughter is mixed and she did wonders for us!
I see her other clients of all different ethnicities and ranging in age from 4yo to 60s and they all come out looking amazing!
Cuts, color, perms, extensions, relaxers, etc.
the prices are great!
And she even does before and after pics that she sends u if you want!
My hair was damaged and i have tried so many different places and either over-payed or had bad experiences everywhere.
Niya has gotten my hair better than it ever was before!
It is so healthy, long, and soooo cute!
I cant believe how great I look walking out sometimes!
;-) She better stay here forever because I will ONLY go to her now!
Thank you Niya and Karma Salon!

If you want a great hair experience go see Erica.
She will actually take your suggestions and give you advice is she thinks it won't work.
You won't get a bad cut or color job with her.
She is certified to do a Keritan Smoothing Treatment and if you're looking for that special day or night makeup, she uses M.A.C.
products.

I've been to a few different hair salons in my area to see if I could find someone or a place I liked, and this place is definitely my favorite.
She (I believe it was Monica) did a really great job with my haircut, it was really well done and I received lots of compliments on it afterwards.
Love this place!
(Plus, not super expensive!

Just got back from my first visit to Karma Salon and I am very impressed.
Great hair cut and style.
VERY reasonable prices.
Will definitely go back.

Last Fall I came here to get my hair done and so far I think it is the Best hair place that I like!
I walked in without an appointment and everyone was very friendly.
I got my hair dyed and cut for about $100.
I even got a glass of wine with it!
Since then, I have returned once and done the same thing.
The staff is very welcoming, I even witnessed them cutting a little girl's hair and being professional towards her and being kid friendly.
I feel relaxed when I'm there.
I think you would enjoy the free glass of wine too ;)  If you are a guy, you might enjoy the sexy hairstylist.

I made an appointment and had to reschedule a few times, the salon was flexible.
I showed up at my schedule time.
After waiting about 20 minutes, I got up and told them I would come back another time.
That's when they attended to me and gave me my hair cut.

Had a great hair experience with Erica!
Recently moved here and she is amazing at color and cut.
She took her time to make sure I was happy with my color and cut, Received so many compliments, the salon is darling and staff was super friendly, I highly recommend this place no doubt!

I have hair that's fine and it got thinner around the bangs area as I got older (58 now).
I generally hate hair salons and avoid going.
I get way too much product (supposedly for volume) and a style that's not me whether I bring a photo or not.
I usually go home, immediately wash the gunk out of my hair and try to style it my way.
Out of sheer desperation with hair way too long I thought I'd check out the yelp reviews for local salons.
I picked Karma for the reviews (the bonus is it's 5 minutes away).
I asked for Julie based on her reviews, although most of the reviews are great.
I brought a photo of a layered cut and got exactly what I hoped for.
She cut it wet and dry to get the layers just right.
There wasn't excessive product in my hair, it's a cut I love and didn't touch till my next shower - that's a miracle in my book.
I've done multiple things with it and it's super easy to manage.
I didn't mention I got all this at a reasonable price.
I highly recommend them and will be back for color and highlights

Casey at Karma Salon is absolutely amazing.
She is always been up on new trends and ideas.
And always has me walking away with a cut that looks better than I thought.
She is able to get me into her chair even if it's last minute.

Just left and the place a new client for sure!
Absolutely love the cut I got from Casey and can't wait to go back for a color!!
So thankful to finally find a stylist.

I've been here a few times and always left Very Happy.
(Even tho no one has ever offered me wine!
Then again, I go in the mornings .. so .. little early in the day to start That!
) Casey did my disgusting hair today.
Seriously, I have days of Pool Hair going and had it all piled on top of my head with an anchor.
Too much of a mess for me but she tamed it down and trimmed it without lecturing me (like my regular stylist does).
They're very close to my house but I love my regular lady so I don't go here often.
My girl isn't in on Mondays (elsewhere) though so I was very glad to see Karma takes a day off on Sunday instead of Monday.
In and out in less than an hour.
A big plus!
I don't remember the names of the other stylists I've used but Karma is definitely a place I will go again.
Great job.

The first time I went, I did not have a good experience.
The receptionist, who didn't get up or look up from her phone, was unprofessional to say the least.
The girl I got to cut my hair, though super sweet, did NOT know how to cut my hair.
When I initially made the appt I specifically asked who was good with thick, wavy hair and was told she was.
No such luck.
I had to coach her through a lot of it, and repeatedly had to ask her "what abt this/that" etc.
When she stood me up I ran my fingers through it and one side was dramatically longer and no I didn't ask for an asymmetrical bob.
She tried to fix it while she had me stand there, no such luck again.
Also, another stylist was gossiping loudly abt certain people in the community.
Not exactly what I want to hear for an hour of my life, I don't care how much better you think you are than everyone else, and very unprofessional.
I left with my hair lopsided(!
) and dissatisfied.
Fortunately a friend of mine goes here and raves about it so I decided to go back.
I got Casey.
Not only is she sweet and chill she is also super talented and made my thick, crazy wavy/ bushy hair do exactly what I wanted.
I love my hair and would recommend Casey to anyone!
I've been back a few times and am always extremely satisfied.

Was able to book appointment over the phone after a friend referred me to Monica.
Salon was clean and comfortable.
Monica listened to my style request and restated my request to make sure we were both on the same page.
Throughout the process, she gave me choices and included me.
Very kind and patient!
Wonderful work!!
I am very pleased with her cut and highlights.
Will return.
Thank you, Monica.

