Considering there is an extreme lack of food options here in "The Creek" - Gallagher's definitely meets the need for: 1 - ICE COLD Beer 2 - Quick / Casual Food  I'd prefer more food options outside of the 'chain restaurant' category.
But I will happy go to Gallagher's any night of the week if it means an ICE COLD beer, the ability to wear whatever it is that I am already wearing, and a great selection of meal options (many are standard chain options - but  there are some extra choices as well).
Did I mention ICE COLD beer - reason alone to go.
The only draw back - and this is bizarre - they don't have a beer list.
You have to go up to the bar to look at the taps.
Many of the wait staff have created their own cheat sheet which I find very admirable.
Not sure why the manager has yet to create one himself.
I am a sucker for that silly quiz game - the one where you get the box from the bar and compete against other bars around the country - that is a definite bonus.
TVs Galore!
Any game, any time, any where - you can certainly see it at Gallagher's.
They have pool tables and not sure what else - I haven't ventured into that corner of the place.
There is outdoor seating - with plenty of TVs as well - and the set up is pretty cool - they made it so that you don't feel like you are in the middle of a strip mall parking lot (even though you are.
)  Great seating options for groups and families - and they are easily split - when you walk in - the seating to the right is more family oriented - and the seating to the left is more group and 'older crowd' oriented..
They even have those fabulous chocolate mints at the host stand!
Just remember to ask your server if they have a beer list - and enjoy.

Had to meet the wife up on north Cave Creek Road last night, and we stopped into Gallaghers for a quick bite.
The staff was friendly and fast, the beer was tasty and cold, and the BBQ hot wings were tasty and cheap (40 cent wings on Wednesdays!).
I'll be back again.

A local spot... big dining room, which is good if you have a big group or kids.
The servers are pretty good.
The food is fairly good and priced well.
I like the pulled pork sandwich or the Gallagher's salad.
My daughter likes the bbq chicken wrap (grilled chicken), and my husband likes their burgers (the Santa Fe burger is pretty good, according to him).
Get the seasoned fries or pay extra for the sweet potato fries - good!
If you're really hungry, get the ribs - always good.
Ask the server what the special is - they don't really advertise them and they have one every night - sometimes they are really good deals!
Oh, don't get the cookie thing for dessert - it's always raw in the middle (gross).
I would recommend this place for a casual dinner spot.

Great sports bar, and off track betting too.
Nice inside and plenty of TVs.
Wide variety of food and a good happy hour.
May be the best sports bar north of the 101.

Decent place, great for daytime drinking... you can meet all of the other alcoholics and feel accepted, without having it feel like a 12 step meeting.
Server was a bit surly, food took way too long, and daytime prices weren't exactly much in the way of specials.
Food alright.
Beer selection above average for places like this, and this Gallaghers had much less skank feel than the Union Hills/7th location.
Good parking.

I much prefer drinking here to eating here.
Sometimes it is the only place close and I decide to order food and I always regret it.
I'm a vegetarian so maybe I'm too limited and the burgers are awesome   So stick to traditional fare.
The salads my daughter and I had yesterday were pathetic

A good burger and lots of screens for the sports fan.
Food is not terrific but staff is friendly, with reasonable prices.

Solid sports bar always delivering nice chilled glasses with beer and pretty solid bar food.
Sometimes it's good sometimes it pretty bad.
I like all of the tv's everywhere and like the boneless wings.
Not the best happy hour but better than nothing.
I like the back patio with the waterfalls.
This place gets packed in the winter.
It could use some games like shuffleboard, pool or darts but there's not enough room I guess?
I like some of the bartenders there but the staff can be a bit darrison at times.
Sometimes they are too friendly with each other.
Sometimes they are a bit careless and not as clean as they should be.
I haven't had a horrible experience yet, usually have a great time.
I will continue to go here.

Nobody in here, and service is horrible!
Waitress hasn't come around one time.
Flies everywhere (and we're inside), no excuse.
I had a pizza that was not good at all.

Neighborhood place.
I said look guys.
I can make breakfast.
What can go wrong?
This is called foreshadowing    Great little waitress.
Lots of food.
Very cold.
Every time I go here I regret ordering food.
Roll in for a drink at noon.
Which I do.
Nice bartenders.
Sometimes not real attentive.
But in the two years I have lived here I have never left saying "gosh, that was nice hot and delicious".
So I ate a little of the ample portion of potatoes turkey bacon hams  and eggs.
I think it was a skillet.
Boxed it up.
Microwaved it at home and the dogs loved it.
Beer is cold  cocktails weak.
Lots of tv's  and they are great about changing to your game of choice.
I can walk here.
So I continue to make the mistake to eat here.
Go to drink.
Not to eat anything substantial.
Go to little Samurai Sams across the street and have a rice bowl then wander over for a very cold beer.
Not cocktails unless you want a double.
Sad.
I would go here all the time it is so close

I want to like this place as it is in the neighborhood and there aren't many other options around here, but this is probably the worst restaurant/bar I've ever had the misfortune of going to.
My last trip I sat down to order a beer at the bar.
The bartender takes about five minutes to get me a beer, despite the bar being nearly empty, as he was too busy for me with his time and focus instead spent flirting with one of the servers.
I drink my beer and want another.
The glass sits empty for about five minutes while he paces around the bar.
I try on three occasions to get his attention and ask for another.
The dude is just ignoring me at this point.
I guess they don't want my business and I just leave.
He can have the 8 cents he owes me in change for a tip...
I just want out of here.
I feel bad when I leave that he even got the 8 cents from me.
I hope he spends it well.
On other trips here my wife and I have had the food.
It's not any better than the service sadly.
I have an English Bulldog at home with a poop eating problem and I'm not sure he would even find this food acceptable.
Overall just the worst restaurant around and it's no surprise why the place always looks so dead out front.
Nobody's there because it's simply horrible.
Avoid at all cost.
I wouldn't eat here again, but would give the bar another shot if I heard the replaced all the help.
Whoever owns this place needs to clean house.
Looking at other reviews on here, I see I'm not alone in my feelings about the service.
Get rid of these people already... just sad!

Worst service and mediocre food.
After being seated, we waited over an hour and waitress never came back to take our order.
We had to ask another waitress to serve us and might I add that this place was empty for a Saturday night.
I will NEVER come back!
Also, the food taste like it was warmed up in the microwave.
Avoid Gallagher's at all costs!

Service was a little slow but not horrible the food was very good though and seemed reasonably priced.

Great sports bar with lots of TV's, off track betting and a huge patio.

Amazing place!
I have only been here one time but my one time was worth it!
I came here for appetizers with a friend and we got the potato skins which were amazing!

My husband will go for beer and football, but service, food quality keep me away.

Hubby and I have been here before and never had a problem.
The food is nothing special but they have great hamburgers.
Tonight we had the worst service.
First we seated ourselves, then the waiter failed to tell us about specials and really didn't say much after he asked what we wanted to drink.
He tossed our food onto the table as he ran by, after a long wait for the food.
He never checked on us, we had to get silverware from another table nearby.
We were there around 5 pm so there wasn't much of a crowd, even with the NCAA tournament on all the screens.
The food was good but the service was so abysmal I could only give 2 stars.

This is one of our neighborhood sports bars and I just wanted to say that they have consistantly good food, off track betting, great bar - good variety of craft beers and lots of tv's.
I really like the Grilled Talipia Dinner which we always share because of the large portion of fish and sides too.

Great service, huge menu WITH quality to back it up.
My son and I have been going there on Wednesday nights for years.
It's about 25 miles round trip from my house, but worth it!

Went with the Wife for our first trip ever to Gallagher's.
It has a great menu and I was totally surprised that for a Saturday night it was pretty dead.
We ordered appetizer (mushroom and zucchini) and the half rack ribs which were on special.
Our server was uumm how you say...different?
Not very friendly for someone who works with customers but we were hungry, new to the area, hungry, and wanted someone to cook for us.
It took awhile for the apps to come, he did ask if we wanted them first, and yes, they did come first.
2 min later, here comes dinner!!
Now this is a pet peeve.
I spent enough time in a kitchen to know you hold the main course order until the appetizer is done and they customer is ready for the main course.
The fried veggies were ok, I love deep fried mushrooms, and these were on the low end of good.
The dinner however was far from good.
Ribs were dry, over cooked but had good sauce,  baked potato was over done, and putting frozen butter on to a luke warm over cooked potato just does not help much.
The garlic toast was yummy, but not worth what you pay for the rib dinner.
Wife had twice baked potato and it looked like a mess.
I don't think she liked it much and her steamed veggies were awful.
$37 for some crappy food and mediocre service.
Sorry guys....wont be coming back ever.
Wow....I hate it when going out on a Saturday is such a bad experience.
Should have just grabbed some Samurai Sams and headed home to watch the ASU game.

Descent place.
Never full capacity, so it's a great place to watch Sunday or Monday Night Football or even Baseball.
Okay, even hockey!.
Plenty of TV's throughout.
Huge outdoor seating area with outdoor bar and a very large dinning indoors surrounding a horseshoe bar.
The food is good (try the tenderloin skewers), the staff is very friendly and helpful.
It's a bit off the beaten path, but worth the drive if you want a guaranteed seat and be able to hear the action on the screen.

Been going here for at least 4 years with previous great service.
Always had chicken fried steak with grilled asparagus, great meal.
However, been away for 6 months and the place fell apart.
When we entered about 20% of the tables were not bussed, dirty plates and food laying around.
Our table was void of debris but when I sat down it was sticky, obviously not cleaned.
I was told no more asparagus, too expensive and no green beans either.
Got sweet fries that we didn't order followed by raw meat and frozen potatoes.
We got a bill for stuff we didn't order.
The waitress said there had been a lot of changes in the last 6 months,yuk.
I will never go back.

this place has lousy service and the food is terrible if you get lunch or dinner.
we went for brunch twice and they make a very decent breakfast.
the service in the am is also not bad just not as friend as you would like.
there breakfast is one of the better ones in the limited variety of restaurants in the are.
we will definitely be back for breakfast.

The worst service ever!
I went there tonight for dinner with my wife, son and parents.
The waiter forgot to put my wife's order in (it was a salad).
When our food came, we waited for the salad, or the waiter to surface, and neither did.
I asked two other employees to send our waiter over, and 5 minutes later (It wasn't busy either) a different waiter came by and asked what we needed.
We let him know that the salad hadn't come out, and it has now been 10 minutes since our food was delivered.
They let us know it would be out right away, and 10 minutes later we still hadn't seen it.
My parents and son ate their food, mine was now cold.
Finally we told them to keep the salad, and they could also keep my uneaten burger, and that I would not be paying for either.
They agreed and I left a 10% tip, which was 10% more than the waiter deserved.
Thank you for wasting 90 minutes of my night!
There are plenty of other local places like Azool's that will get my business in the future.

Probably the worst food I have ever eaten ,I enquired at the end of my meal how this place ever got a food license ?

Every time I've been here I have never had bad food.
I've ordered wings, fries, sweet potato fries, the buffalo chicken sandwich and salmon salad.
No complaints about the food what so ever, and generally the customer service was great.
However, my last visit with family our waiter not only stopped in the middle of taking our order to watch the TV for football but also split ice all over the table, again, watching the TV...
I get it, it's football and you're working, I've painfully had to do it before too but I at least gave my customers attention and once they were taken care of I locked my eyes on the TV...
I'd go back because of the food and previous experience of customer service but I would not sit were I knew that waiter was serving.

Nice people and good sports atmosphere,  but food quality is very low.
No real flavors or special items.
The server was very friendly accomodating so service was great.

Good food but initial service is slow.
Most of the times we go for lunch it is "seat yourself.
"  It often takes 5 to 10 minutes before a waiter/waitress brings you a menu.
Once the process starts the service is very good.

I will never go back to this place.
My burger was good and I had a lot of choices  but my husbands chili was very generic and tasted like it was microwaved.
The staff seemed good at first but as the night went on it only got worse.
Not the worst place to eat but not a place I would recommend to friends.

