Don't go here.
They charge you $$$ for ...what?
We went here to get engine check.
Whatever they did to fix the engine, it probably shouldn't cost over $500.
Then, they change the oil and tire and charge $700.
Then end price that we had to pay was $2000.
I don't even know what the $800 charge was used for.
If you brought some kind of deal that gives you discount with the benz dealership, DON'T TELL them till after they give you the bill or else they will jack up the price for nonsense I don't even know.

Meh, I've experienced better.
Basically, the service is not good.
Nothing like a Mercedes dealership usually treats their customers when their car needs serviced.
I have been to Fletcher off Sahara, as well as the Mercedes dealer in Carlsbad, CA.
My service experiences at either of these establishments was much better.
This is the 2nd time I've gone there since the move from the Sunset service-only location.
I needed an oil change and some minor repairs.
Car was there for a week.
They claimed I had an oil leak, I explained it was probably from a previous accident I had been in- the engine had never been cleaned after my oil pan was ripped off the car.
They kept the car to monitor, all in all, I called them 5 days later to get the car back and hear they couldn't find a leak.
Also claimed that my oil pan gasket was not a "factory seal.
" Even though it was replaced in 2006 by Fletcher's Sahara location!
This was more frustrating to hear than anything else.
They gave me a brand new C class loaner :), which boosted them to an A-Ok rating here on Yelp.
I actually joined Yelp to leave this review.
I have been battling with using this dealer out of convenience, or finding a private mechanic or going back to Fletcher on Sahara.
The icing on the cake was my freshly gouged rim, that had apparently been smacked on a curb AFTER the car wash that's included with service.
The rim was clean, and had fresh yellow paint and a chunk missing.
My car is 8 years old and has damage to the rims already, but it's still disheartening to get it back only to find someone else has taken a chunk out of one of my wheels :(  All in all, not happy with this dealer.
Fool me once, shame on them, twice shame on me...  Pros:  loaner for a week, actually took care of some of the repairs for free (sort of).
Experience of dropping off and picking up was convenient and quick.
Cons:  took a week to do an oil change, lack of communication, charged me an hour of diagnostic, only to find nothing (hence the "free" repairs I believe- I didn't question anything, I got out of there for $200- that's cheap for any Mercedes dealer having your car for a week.
)  I'm sure they are more courteous to someone buying a new car- and I shouldn't complain, I had a beautiful loaner...but definitely not a mechanic I'll be taking my car to again...

As Misti has already mentioned this place is leaps and bounds ahead of Fletcher Jones Mercedes in every possible way.
I had been disrespected and treated like a peon there for almost 3 years and when it came time to buy a new Benz I found one at MB-Henderson and the experience was completely different.
I did all of my buying over the phone which was definitely a strange process but I was able to quickly get the price I wanted and was always put straight through to anyone I needed to speak to.
From the sales staff to the finance staff I was treated like I was the only customer they were dealing with and they answered even my dumbest questions like it was of extreme importance.
When I went to pick up my car I was amazed to find how attentive my salesman was in making sure that the car was exactly how I wanted it before I drove away.
He even spent an extra hour just showing me how the new buttons compared to my old car worked and programming my garage and gate codes.
The atmosphere at MB-Henderson is definitely laid back while still giving you the kind of respect and service you would expect from a Mercedes-Benz dealer.
Thank you for proving to me that good service isn't dead in Las Vegas.
Although it's a bit of a trek I will be bringing my new Benz here for EVERY service.

no comment!

This place dosen't even deserve a 1.
Customer service was so horrible, and they didn't't even fix my car.
Had they checked it after they supposibly fixed it they would have known.
What a shame this place gives Mercedes Benz a bad name.
I have been to others and was treated good, this place is really bad for there customer service.
They did not want to take the time with me to show me what in my warranty was covered , my a/c smells like nasty mildew and was told there was nothing they could do my 2012 ML came with that flaw and I would have to live with it.
Wow.
What if it was your car how would you feel.
I asked for them to put a deodorizer, but was told no it is a waste of time it wil not do anything.
I did not ask for your opinion I asked for it to be done.
I paid  a lot for my new car I paid the the customer service I should have received.
I received such horrible service and they did not care about anything.
This place is the worse do not go here I have filed a formal complaint with Mercedes Benz of USA anyone that has any issues , do the same,.
We as the customer have every right to get treated with respect and nicely that is part of the purchase price , I paid over 80,000 for my car I better get some damm good service!,,

Great place.
I considered purchasing a 2010 CPO C300 there in August, 2012 -- one I'd found on the MB CPO website.
Ray and Bill and the others at MB-Henderson were very helpful and responsive.
Most importantly I think, they weren't pushy at all.
Ultimately I bought a CPO C300 at another local MB dealership, but the decision had nothing to do with the dealership.
Ray et al at MB-Henderson Sales are outstanding, and I wholeheartedly recommend them.

I got fuel senders "fixed" but they forgot to tell me I needed TWO...
So i paid for one they took fuel tank off, put it back on, then said...oh yeah you need 2 for it to work......REALLLLLYYY!!!
RRRRRRRRRRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!
So 680.00 later, still doesn't tell me if I have gas or not, REALLY!!

Terrible sales staff and will never go back and will probably stick with Audi or Lexus.
I normally don't just walk into a dealer and look at cars, but I was let out of work early and decided I wanted to check out the ML and GL since I want to get out of my current car and into an SUV.
I pull up and park right in front of two salesman and they just look at me and pretend to look at their phones as I exit my car.
Both ended up walking inside the showroom.
Another was talking to an older man so I patiently waited thinking he might acknowledge me and just say "will be with in a few minutes", but he does nothing also.
I wonder if they judged me because I look young, but I drive an Audi and dress professionally.
I'm sure the dealership doesn't need to sale another car with someone willing to spend the money.

The WORST experience I've EVER had.
I don't even want to get into it, but just know that the employees don't care about their customers... and don't expect any follow up calls.
They are so unorganized and careless.
The dealerships in Los Angeles are much better but I had no choice but to go to the Henderson location.

Very Unhappy With the Service Department.
Recently I had some problems with a S550 that would not start.
I had the car towed in to the Henderson location on a Monday and was advised that most likely I had a faulty key but since the keys were so expensive they would attempt to diagnosis the problem.
Never received an update so I followed up with the service advisor and told yes I needed a key.
Each day I had to follow up with my advisor as I never received any updates, yet the advisor was able to tell me a laundry list of things that I should replace that had nothing to do with why the car was in the shop.
On Friday I was told the car was ready for pickup and the new key worked but now the interior lights would not turn off and that I needed to replace the circuit board for $1600.
I was advised it would not be wise to pick up the car unless the circuit board was replaced.
I asked that they just unplug the lights which they did.
I picked up the car and paid the $600 for a new key.
Got home plugged my lights back in and guess what they worked just fine and have not had a problem since.
But here is where the real problem begins, my key that just cost $600 did not work.
Took the car to the Sahara location and they were able to diagnosis the problem it was a faulty EIS which I replaced and have had no problems since.
Went back to Henderson and asked for a refund on the key as clearly the key was not the problem and they did not correctly diagnosis the car, was advised that there was nothing they could do, nor did they apologize for giving me back my car only to have the key not work once the vehicle returned to the house.
Nor were they able to give an explanation on why the Sahara dealership could fix the problem when they could not.
For these reasons I would strongly avoid not taking your car to the Henderson dealership.

What a great lease deal.
I got a great deal with little down and got the car that was right for me.
I must say Mike stuck to his word and delivered everything he told us.
I got a cute white Mercedes Benz like i have always wanted.
I promised him that I would write a review to let everyone know if your in the market for a new car Henderson Mercedes Benz is the place.
Great team of sales people, and might I add beautiful dealership too.
Thanks again

Just bought a car C250 from Mercedes Benz Of Henderson, the best car buying experience ever!
The finance Manager Paul Williams was great to deal with!
All around 5 Star experience!!
Thank you Mercedes Benz Of Henderson!!

I don't have anything bad to say about my experience with this particular dealership.
Stephan Huor the Service Adviser who helped me was wonderful.
He addressed all my concerns and made all arrangements for the time my vehicle was in the shop (rental and etc).
Everyone is very friendly and accommodating.
Beautiful dealership.
Highly recommend.

I caught the sales manager in two big fat lies.
I traded in my car for another used car on their lot that I liked.
During the price negotiations he produced a fake Kelly blue book estimate that really came from a car dealer website for dealers only.
It undervalued my trade in by 3000.00.
The second lie was that wells fargo will not do car loans for less than 8200.00.
Later I asked my banker and he said no its 5000.00 In conclusion they cheated me.

Just moved to Las Vegas and discovered my old dealer in Cali is affiliated with the two local dealers.
This was a relief.
The Fletcher Jones experience was as usual .
Amazing!!!!!!!!
In .....Out........went above and beyond as usual, why would I ever buy another brand name ?
Why would I always go to Fletcher Jones ?
Because the cars are refined and the sales and service flawless.
Great Job Mr Jones !!!

Car buying for my husband and me has always been stressful.
But working with Ray Jimenez, Internet Sales, was a stress-free process.
Before the actual negotiations, Ray pointed us to USAA which give incentives for active and retired military and veterans.
We felt we got a good deal on our purchase.
Overall, though, Ray's low-key approach and his patience in answering our many questions changed our attitude toward purchasing a car.
Thanks, Ray!

I traded in my 2013 Avalanche for a 2014 CLA Mercedes.
The process took a while, but it was worth it!
Needless to say I was impressed with the free car washes, oil changes, and tire balance and rotated for five years (the life of the car).
I'm in love with my car, it is so much easier to park and navigate in the big city of Vegas.
They also gave a better trade in value for my truck than that of Fletcher Jones which I went to beforehand.
What a great deal and establishment.

Not usually one to do this but I must say that this place is an embarrassment when it comes to the "professionalism" (or lack of)  of the salesmen.
Horrible, would not recommend even if it would be the only dealer in the area.
What a shame.

