Paperchase is great for picking up cards, gift wrap and stationery when you perhaps want something a little different than the usual.
The store feels quite stylish and the stock definitley has that sort of hip/trendy feel.
It can be a little expensive, but you are paying for nicer designs and better quality.
I bought a gorgeous Wedding Album in here as a gift as well as some beautiful photo frames.
I also picked up some great Christmas decorations in their January sale at a very reasonable price.
I always buy my notebook and pens for uni here, probably not the best way to spend my student loan but I do like the designs.
Also when I ran an event I picked up some great art supplies here for posters and decorations, and received some student discount.
I bought a laptop bag here in one of the quirky designs (I think it was around £12), and after a few weeks the strap broke.
I returned it without the receipt and the staff were so helpful and apologetic.
The bag was out of stock but they let me choose another one, no problems.
I was chuffed at the good customer service here.
I always find myself going in for a browse when I walk along George Street, definitely one of my favourite shops.

I know it's a little bit late buying diaries for 2010 now but that's exactly what I did on my visit to Paperchase yesterday, they had all their diaries of all sizes reduced to only £1!
Now I just can't resist a bargain so I bought myself a pretty 2010 organiser that will come in handy for my new term at Uni and will keep me on the right track for my dissertation work.
I also purchased another diary reduced to £1 from £10 and it has plenty of space for writing so I'm sure I'll be able to fill it no problem with inane ramblings and doodles.
I also bought my mum a birthday card which is shaped like an no.5 Chanel perfume bottle and was very reasonably priced at £2.50, I also got a couple of graduation cards for my friends who will be joining the real world in a matter of weeks.
This store is quite deceptive as it looks really small from the outside but it's absolutely massive and no matter what kind of stationary you're looking for it is more than certainly here.
The staff are really friendly and I was easily here for a good 50 minutes getting lost in all the stationary but nobody seemed to bothered and I felt relaxed just taking my time to browse.

Paperchase- it just kind of lures you in and you come out with all this stationary you don't really need, but really wanted.
You could re-gift them- but you know secretly that you won't.
I thought my fascination with cute notebooks and funky pens had long gone along with a terrible fashion sense in my teenage school years.
Obviously Papertiger just resurfaced my love for stuff like that- stuff that I think will motivate me that this year I will work better because my diary rocks and I have an awesome pen.
This doesn't happen.
I want to return to Papertiger but I am saving up for other stuff at the moment.
I am glad it brought back my teenage love for stationary I just hope my teenage fashion sense is dead and buried and never to be seen again.
Please.

There are few things in life I love more than stationary.
It's probably in my top 5 favourite things in the whole wide world!
Thus, Paperchase is my heaven.
They have the most amazing selection of stationary, cards, wrapping paper and everything you could possibly want, really.
They don't just have lots, the things they have are amazing!
I bought a really cute stapler and punch set here with a really cute floral pattern.
I bought one for my mum too - she loved it!
The one downfall for Paperchase is the price - it can be really expensive.
Trust me though, it's worth it!

Stationary: is it an almost universally shared secret fetish of most people?
I have always loved stationary, in particular note pads.
I could spend a good 15 minutes in a store opening blank notebook after blank notebook, as compelled as if they were some of the great literary classics.
Except without the words.
Just blank.
And when, for whatever reason, stationary comes up in conversation quite often people often gush and exclaim the same, with snippets of their adoration such as "oh I got the BEST new pen last week, it's royal blue and the ink is so creamy" or "I have at least 6 notebooks at home that I haven't yet written in for fear of spoiling them".
So for anyone who has been nodding wisely and in agreement with this harmless obsession with blank pages and inky pens, Paperchase on George Street will make your day.
I personally get very bored of plain notebooks, with ringbinders and lines, and a light blue cover.
Dull as ditch water.
Paperchase has every type of notebook you could need.
Earthy recycled ones, blank ones, lined ones, colourful, as well as notebooks for things you think you need but probably won't use: birthdays; memories; travel.
There are more notebooks than I've seen collectively in one place for quite some time.
As well as all the usual cards, pens, and random accesories like ipod covers.
It's a bit pricier than the bargain three notebooks for 99p from Asda.
But just totally worth it.
I love Paperchase notebooks, the not-so-secret is out.

Paperchase is a stationary shop that does what it says on the tin, it sell stationary.
for most people this would be as expected and hardly something worth getting exciting about.
but for me, stationary is something special.
growing up i looked forward to the back to school stationary shop the most and got so excited about new pens and notebooks and yearly planners!
now at work, having fun stationary makes my job just that little bit extra enjoyable while adding a personal flair to my desk.
What makes me really excited about Paperchase is not just the fact that it is a shop where i can fulfill my stationary needs, but that their goods are cute and girly, fun and function, and there is a wide variety that changes every few months so i can constantly have something new.
i love that i can buy pens with almost any colour of ink (must get an orange one!!
) but that i can also go and buy an adorable filofax to give myself that professional edge, even though all my diary appointments are written in bright pink pen...  the shop also has a great selection of cards, although they are mostly birthday or blank cards so if you are looking for something specific this might not be the best place to go.
however, i have always found the card that i needed, including a new grandparent one for a former co-worker which is why i visited Paperchase on Friday.
i absolutely love their Christmas cards as well, there is always so many choices and all the cards are bright and colourful with loads of glitter to make them extra sparkly for the holidays.
towards the back of the shop there is a good selection of art supplies, picture frames, phone cases, laptop cases, and other technology accessories with a cute selection of novelty items.
i especially like the adorable key covers that they generally have on sale.
I can't say enough about how much i love Paperchase!!
it is like the stationary shop of my dreams, i just wish i had the money to buy everything that they had on offer!!
well now i know what i'll be buying if i ever win the lottery....

Ooooh I love this shop!!
I had a lovely time there yesterday and found so many gorgeous Christmas (and other) gifts.
The stationery range is wonderful, particularly the different coloured sheets of paper (such good quality too) and the greetings cards are just lovely.
A great selection of pens, craft items, stickers, box files, classy notebooks, pretty glossy gift bags, boxes and bows and so much more!
I liked the 2013 calendars and diaries as well - lots to choose from.
It's a very eye-catching and well laid out store and the staff are very pleasant and helpful too.
I'll definitely be back there when next in the city!

I would be lying if I didn't admit I have a serious stationery obsession and therefore Paperchase is one of my favourite shops in the whole of Edinburgh.
I adore notebooks and am forever buying new ones even when I really don't need them and Paperchase never lets me down a wonderful selection of beautiful notebooks.
As well as satisfying my ever growing notebook collection, they also sell a wonderful arrangement of pens, cards, art supplies, phone covers, laptop cases, rucksacks, glasses cases, picture frames and much more!
It is pretty pricy but I like to think that it is worth it for the beautiful items they sell!
I just wish I could afford to buy everything in the shop!
For anyone with the slightest interest in beautiful stationery, Paperchase is definitely a must!

If you're anything like me and wondered how exactly a simple stationery store could really justify a five star rating, you clearly haven't set foot inside Paperchase yet.
It is the Mecca of all stationery suppliers, in Edinburgh at least.
After spending a weekend in April trying to find a simple, aesthetically pleasing, day-to-page diary, I was really frustrated by how little luck I was having.
I know that it's not currently peak season for diaries but I still couldn't believe that the only ones I could find were garish, pink and covered in flowers.
In the height of my frustration I just typed 'diary' into Google and Paperchase was one of the top results.
As there is a store on George Street, just around the corner from my office, it was fate.
I really thought I'd just step in to the shop for five minutes max, but the scene that followed was me running around clutching three equally gorgeous diaries deliberating over whether or not cake bunting was really a necessary extra.
They stock every type of probably-not-necessary but oh-so-lovely stationery.
After spending a solid half hour in Paperchase I finally emerged with my new day-to-page diary that was down from £12 to £3.60.
Bargain.
Paperchase really is that good!

