Japanese and Thai dishes are the stables of the Opal Lounge's menu, and they do them rather well.
Wonderful range to choose from and everything we had was very well presented and very tasty.
They do a chocolate honeycomb pudding that's too tempting - get one to share.
The restaurant/bar is bigger than you'd think, as you'll find out when you go looking for the loo!

We rocked up here on Friday night at 10:30pm and asked the bouncer if we were too late for dinner service, he politely told us that we were 2 years too late as they no longer do food.
Great shame as I remember some delicious bento boxes in this place, but he kindly recommended us a place around the corner to go for dinner (Rick's - see review).
Looked much more like a normal club/bar judging by the people going in.

Opal Lounge is one of the better clubs on the overly trendy George Street.
There is a range of different nights which are popular with students and young professionals.
Thursday and Sunday nights at Opal Lounge is usually the place to be for the young Edinburgh crowd.
I quite like the fact that the bar staff actually make decent drinks, complete with napkin!
And they are reasonably priced too.
The toilets are pretty cool with huge mirrors to admire yourself in.
There is plenty of seating too for the boring people like myself.
They offer a range of VIP packages, I don't know anyone who can actually afford these sorts of things but I guess there is plenty of people in Edinburgh who can.
Prices for a VIP package go all the way up to £500 so you better start saving for a night out here!

Next time you find yourself going out on a wednesday night, I'd definitely recommend this place.
Yes, so it's their student night.
But the kind of students this place attracts aren't the fancy-dress wearing, pint-sloshing, scruffy types, so to speak.
It's a George Street night out for a fraction of the normal price: entry is £5 but vodka mixers start at £1.50 or a double is only an extra £1... on other nights of the week you'd pay 4-5 times that amount.
As with so many places on George Street, the club is small and so trying to find a table whilst you're drinking up the nerve to dance is often an impossible task.
That said, once you do venture onto the dancefloor you'll be pleasantly surprised to find that it takes up about 1/3 of the size of the entire club, so getting elbowed by drunken randomers is usually kept to a minimum.
A word of warning...
They're not big on hen/stag parties.
Every time you venture out into the smoking area, which is right by the queue to get in, you see them getting turned away.
Some people slate this place for being a bit up itself.
Yes, it's annoying when you go to the loos and you can't get near a mirror for all the back-combing/bra-stuffing/fake-tanning going on, but on the flip side I've never once seen a fight in here, and little things like always having straws and ice behind the bar make a refreshing change from a lot of other clubs.

I know that others here seem to like the Opal Lounge, and I'm first to admit that I haven't actually been to any of their student nights so can only go by my brief jaunt in here of a weekend.
On my visit, it seemed to me that the clientele don't understand that spending lots of money does not equal class, nor does talking loudly about how much your shitty handbag cost.
No-one cares.
From listening to some of the deluded punters talking loudly about their tawdry sex lives and spending habits, I got the impression they all thought they were in Knigtsbridge or Manhattan.
Sorry to break it to you folks, but you're not.

Depending on which night you spend in Opel, the experience can differ.
Student nights (throughout the week) are usually OK.
I mean, as a student, you ideally want to have a night out with other students and, for this, Opel Lounge will do.
Weekends are a different matter.
Here you'll find a mixture of pompous business men, the local bruisers, Barbie dolls and a splash of sloshed students.
This combination is a little hard to digest and usually results in a naff experience.
Acceptable drinks and a plush atmosphere are typical of the George St club scene and Opel is no different.

I cant begin to describe how much i hate this place.
Pretty much, its full of people who think money is everything bitching on about others and drinking cocktails that cost more than the extortionate entry fee.
Grr.The student nights arent too bad if you catch it on a good week - but most of the time it's just hammered first years and on all the other nights its odd business men trying to get with the younger girls.
Not good.
The bar is self is a bit crap - its atmosphere is like walking in on your parents doing it, has no charm but attempts to cover these major flaws with tacky bling and various other furnishings.
Avoid if you value your morals.

I'm with Alice and Jonathan on this one, I HATE this club.
To be fair though, it's because of personal experiences so I've given it the benefit of the doubt, star-wise.
This club and Lulu are the main haunts for the yah's and socialites of the city.
It sometimes screams pretentious, but sometimes it's actually pretty normal!
The main student nights are Thursday and Friday, so avoid them if you don't want to be asked for a cigarette and what daddy does.
I came here on a Saturday with my mum (HI MUM!
) and my brothers after my brothers 21st dinner.
There were about 15 of us, so we got priority entry and a table in a sectioned off area.
Hey, we were pretty special.
My mum and I went to the bathroom and when we went to go back to our table, they wouldn't let us in!!
They said once we had left we couldn't get back.
There was nothing we could say or do, so we ended up going home.
Leading on from this, the bouncers here are amongst the worst I've ever come across.
Give them a little bit of power and they think they can dictate your life.
PAH!
ahem.
So, overall it's not that bad.
It can be a bitty yah, but it does play quite good music and it can be a good night.
The smoking area is tiny (they are just steps Opal!
) and the queue can be a nightmare.
I've waited in excess of 1 hour here, in the freezing cold, only to be pushed inside to a crammed bar, crammed dancefloor and no toilet roll in any cubicle.
No thanks.

Some people love this place, but I don't really get it.
The whole thing about George Street clubs (especially Opal Lounge) being full of ex-Etonians in their coat tails and top hats is just a fallacy and it generally attracts normal people looking for a good night.
My problem with Opal is that the dancefloor just feels wrong!
It's difficult to describe but it's almost got a garden shed sort of feel.
The floor is sticky as hell and there's always broken glass all over it.
Everyone just seems so dour and moody as soon as they get on the Opal dancefloor as well for some reason!
Other than that the drinks are usually well priced and the staff are quick at zapping the queues.
I've never had an outstanding night here, but I know plenty who have.

This place is pretty awful, the people who come here seem so pretentious, the type of people who buy champagne not because they enjoy the taste, but because they want their status to be acknowledged by the others around them.
I just don't seem to fit in, or at least don't feel I fit in with the rest of the clientèle when I come here.
I came here a few times in my first year for friends birthdays, or if Why Not wouldn't let one of my mates in, but now tend to avoid the place.
The drink prices are ok if you keep to the specials, but otherwise it will be pretty expensive and they have a good range of cocktails, but very expensive.
The entry fee is generally £5 and this is the case even if it is not one of their 'nights', which doesn't seem to be worth it when it's pretty much empty inside.
On the other hand when it is a student night, the small club becomes uncomfortably packed.

George Street is really not my scene to be honest.
I really hate the pretentious rahs that flock there for student nights, or on weekends you get all the lads and slags out.
Opal is not the worst club down there, but just can't escape the fact that the clients are generally douchebags.
Yes I will admit that the student nights are ok, the music is popular (but shite) and the drinks are pretty cheap (£1.50 for a single mixer, or £2.50 for a double) so you can get suitably drunk to forget about the people around you.
The dancefloor is pretty small so as soon as the club gets quite busy it is completely rammed.
Also generally the music is not my cup of tea, with a load of chart and house "choons" blaring out of the PA system.
I am quite happy to admit I'm not the best dancer around but can normally have a bit of a shimmy to most songs but the remixes here are pretty bad and most people just stand about swaying a bit to the inaccessible music (I'm being generous with the term 'music' here).
There are some good booths in the rooms either side of the dancefloor (one of them is VIP), but I don't want to go to a club where the only advantage is that there are good places to sit down.
The bar is pretty big though, so you can normally get served in a short(ish) time, and the bar staff are pretty nice.
If you really decide to go to George Street then you'll probably have an ok night here, it's one of the better places around.
But if you're not a rah / pretentious arse or a bit of a pervy old man looking for girls in short skirts impressed by money, then you really should steer clear of here.

It's been a while since I was in Opal Lounge.
Last time was when I was through staying overnight with a friend.
I'm three starring because it was quite some time ago and can't really judge the club now.
It was sleek, flashy and full of girls with massive blonde hair and intimidating heels.
Without prior warning from my friend, I turned up wearing a stupid gimmick t shirt, a pair of baggy jeans and DC trainers.
Needless to say I felt uncomfortable as hell.
I'm not the kind of girl who is into power dressing for the evening.
I love dressing up but am equally as happy slouching about in jeans (although I am admittedly a bit girly now, and will slump about in a dress more often than not).
But you get the drift - I'm not out to take someone's eye out in killer heels.
Loads of pretty ladies in here and sure gents will enjoy that but it's a bit too high maintenance for me.
We were there on a Saturday so it was busy, expensive and a bit too showy for me.
I understand they do student nights which might be a bit more chilled out, but although it was nice for what it was I get the impression it's style over substance.
Liked by many which is evident from how busy it can get, but not for me.
Not relaxed enough.

Excuse my unladylike langauge but Opal Lounge can be a bit wanky - largely populated by pretentious attention seekers who are too busy trying to be seen than actually enjoying themselves.
The attitude seems to have extended to the door staff who I have found to be moody and on a power-trip on various occasions.
My friends and I are professionals and pretty clean-living other than a penchant for cocktails but if there are guys in your group who get even slightly rowdy after a few beware that there is a likelihood of them being manhandled out.
We went there earlier this month for my friends birthday and after a quick chat with the doorman he let our all-female group through to the VIP area but then stopped my friend from getting through without any explanation whatsoever!
It was bizarre and really put a dampener on the evening.
My friend is a pretty, friendly, primary teacher and she wasn't drunk so it was really odd.
The three stars I'm giving Opal are due to the fact that it is nicely decorated, spacious with three main areas and there's plenty of room to shake your shimmy.
The toilets are also nice which is really important to me :)  There are plenty of seats and booths, especially if you go quite early so it's great for having a catch up with your friends.
It's Ace card is their scrumptious cocktails which are made quickly without compromising on taste or authenticity.
I've been a fan of the Geisha Martini for years and the bar staff are normally really down to earth and pleased to make you up something special if you tell them a couple of things you like in a drink.

I visited on the Saturday night after the Royal Wedding and all the princesses were out in force looking for THEIR prince.
I agree with all the other reviews in that it is expensive, ( £4.10 for a bottle of Peroni ), and that the bouncers are like cast members of The Sopranos, but, to be fair, the barstaff were all tall young chaps that knew how to serve fast and efficiently.
There was a total lack of scruffy students.
All the girls were scrubbed up well and the guys had their 'Brokeback Mountain' checked shirts on.
I like to see a club where people have made an effort.
( In my day people were knocked back for wearing trainers or jeans ).
It makes the place feel better.
There was a small hen night in and they seemed to have a good hassle-free time.
There are plenty of places to go in Edinburgh if you don't like making an effort on a Saturday night.
The prices probably keep the scruffs away.
The DJ played quite a few mash-up tracks which gives a bit of new variety to the usual tracks.
The dance floor was full of young ladies up until about one o'clock in the morning when the alcohol made the guys bolder and they descended in numbers hoping to score.
Overall, I think it was a pleasant place to be on a Saturday night.
Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves and the DJ played a good variety.

After a dinner and cocktail bar shenanigans, we decided the Friday evening (night) was still wide open and we were ready for a little dance.
The one that offered no restrictions to trainers and jeans was the Opal Lounge.
(Mind they did look like designer trainers and jeans - ish..).
After paying the entrance fee ( £5) we staked our spot on the dance floor.
We danced, ordered G&Ts and many shots, danced some more and ordered even more cocktails.
They did not have my ever favourite cocktail (Bloody Mary) as they "ran out of Tomato Juice and Tabasco" - you what?!
- minus a star!
After some deliberation I settled for a personal take on a Manhattan, which was OK but £8 for a 2nd choice of cocktail - come on, some sort of discount was in order here?!
The dance floor was appropriately darkened and flanked by mirrors.
The DJ Booth suitably filled with stage smoke and lighting sparse but effective.
The music was obviously loud, but not headache inducing so.
Most communications was done via hand signals and through a weird form of 'face-rsice' - you know, making those faces to indicate you like the song to dance to or not, so your friends know your are going to sit this one out.
Throughout the mist it came over as a war documentary instead.
I was surprised to notice that drinks could be taken onto the dance floor and  more surprised that with all the spillage I did not notice anyone slipping.
I did some of my dance moves and I must have impressed many people.. yes I am sure I did.
When I needed a bit of fresh air and a smoke they have part of their entrance cordoned off and it is easily accessible though some patio doors.
I had some nice chats and well needed cool breeze as inside was boiling, with all these people dancing and all.
I also found they have a 'Jam Jar Hut' which provides very nice cocktails in - you guessed it - Jam Jars.
The lady serving me was very nice and complimented on my dancing - from what she had seen!
We left when we all got a bit tired, but the Opal Lounge was getting busier and busier.
It was good fun, but not somewhere I would go to on a regular basis.

