I'm sure many of you are looking forward to your Friday night, especially being First Friday and all.
Perhaps a night on the town, perhaps an evening at home with a bottle of wine and a good movie.
Me, I'll be hunting down Big Sexy (the best cat EVER, regardless of my husband's opinion).
He senses when I'm coming.
I'll pretend to just be coming to say hello.
He'll know.
He will hunker down, flatten his ears on the back of his head, and foam at the mouth.
First, I'll pry up an ear to apply his "anti-puking" medicine to the inside.
Next, I'll pry his mouth open and squirt a shot of the delicious chicken-flavored antibiotic in it.
He'll continue to foam and drool, so I'll hold him down until he's over it.
He'll fake being calm, I'll release him, he'll hobble off (arthritis you know) and resume drooling everywhere and most likely puke up the antibiotic within 2 minutes anyway.
But the point of my review is I have spoken with several people who have gone through the ritual of trying to get their pet to swallow a pill unnecessarily.
Diamondback specializes in veterinary compounding, so a pill is not always your only option.
Now my Big Sexy is easy to pill, but wouldn't you know it, he's taking medication NOT available in one!
Diamondback would have been 5 stars had they not changed locations from Thomas Rd.
Since the move, it seems like they are disorganized and it's always a fiasco when I pick up.
Hopefully, they'll get it together.
Never a problem with wrong medications or anything like that, however.

I've purchased all of my pets' medications from Diamondback Drugs for a number of years and I can't say enough good things about them.
I am in another state so all of our meds are shipped for a small charge and I get it within a day or two.
I have special needs dogs that are on very expensive life time medications and Diamondback has saved me a ton of money.
Roy and Mike, the owners are available to anybody that has a question and their service is exemplary.
I would suggest to Heather that if she doesn't like to deal with crowds or standing in line, ask if your medications can be shipped.

I still have no idea what this place is.
I only know that my dog needed some pills to treat his valley fever and for some reason the vet didn't carry them so I was sent here.
The whole process is pretty painless and I think their drugs are priced reasonably.
They will also hand deliver the medication the same day if you ask nicely.
Pro Tip:  When you call, don't hang up right away when you get the recorded message.
When you stay on the line it will begin to ring again and someone may answer.
I thought the recorded message was an answering machine and hung up prematurely a few times.
Also, sometimes the line just rings and rings and rings.
Be patient and someone will probably pick up.

Diamondback Drugs is awesome!
My past dog Buddy had bad seizures, he was on a cocktail of drugs and our neurologist suggested we use Diamondback drugs for our prescription.
They were cheap and it was sent to my house.
I inquired about a couple of meds Buddy was on and they gave me a quote over the phone.
I found out that if I bought these meds at Target it was cheaper and they happily matched the price for me.
I had a great conversation with the pharmacists about my concerns about the medicines.
The operator and I had a whole conversation about Brooklyn and Peter Leugers.
In the end when my dog Buddy passed away and his meds were waiting for me at the post office, I called Diamondback drugs asking what I could do with the $100 worth of medicine that was waiting for pickup?
They told me to reject the package and they will issue me a refund.
They were very sympathetic when they didnt have to be.
Whenever my friends need medicine for their fur babies I always recommend Diamondback Drugs!

I have worked professionally and personally with Diamondback Drugs for multiple years.
They're the best compounding pharmacy I've found.
Great customer service, consistent product output, competitive prices.
Their online refill option is fabulous and shipping times are great.
Our kitties love the little treats they include with the shipment.
Thanks Diamondback!
-Shannon, Maya and Max

With one of our dogs needing metronomic chemotherapy, our oncologist made arrangements with Diamondback Drugs to follow through with that prescription.
Given that Diamondback is in Arizona and I live in Seattle, WA, I was a little skeptical of the situation.
I had nothing to worry about.
Every time I have completed Diamondback's easy-to-use online prescription refill form, I have received emailed confirmation of my order as well as a follow-up message when the product shipped.
I especially appreciated being notified of the company's drug shipment days - the Arizona heat can sometimes complicate delivery with temperature-sensitive medications - so I knew what to expect.
Drugs were always sent in a styrofoam container to protect my dog's expensive medication.
While I would prefer a more environmentally friendly way of product delivery, I was given flexibility to order more than one month at a time, which eased my concern for sustainability at least a little bit.
I'm extremely happy with Diamondback Drugs, both in terms of customer service as well as the company's final product.

Not great with time-sensitive stuff.
Not awesome with disclosing the size of the pill you're ordering.
I put the order in, never get a tracking number, and rarely get an email confirmation.
Overall communication is lacking.
They're great for what they are though.
I could go to the gouging local pharmacy, who will charge me $130 for 2 months of chlorambucil or I can go to Diamondback who charge $40.
Wish they were better at following up with their orders and a little more thorough with the drug details upon order ... that's all.

Very impressed at the accuracy of their automated system.
I call in, enter some touchtone information and bam!
I am on my way.
Thank you for this new and very cool system.
This helps me big.

First experience with these guys.
Very impressed.
Called in to check the status of a prescription as it should have been called in that morning.
I left a message and got a returned call within 10 minutes.
The lady on the phone was very nice, my order was in process but since I was coming to pick it up in a few hours she was going to go find it and push it through to make sure it was ready when I came.
I was there for a total of two minutes.
In and put.
Pick up was quick, nice guy at the counter.
Informed me that I could pick up both refills at the same time next time since I live across town which is helpful.
And found out they have a mobile app to submit your refills.
Very cool quick opporation.
Not to mention by dogs valley fever meds are about $50/month for a 300mg twice a day.
That would cost me $1000 anywhere else, even online.

I've been purchasing medication for my pets here for quite some time, at the recommendation of my veterinarian (even though there is another compounding pharmacy much closer to my home).
While they may be less expensive, I have lost confidence in this pharmacy.
Last month, the pharmacy shorted me 10 pills.
I don't know why I thought to count them, but sure enough, there were 30 pills rather than the 40 ordered by the vet.
They were very apologetic and shipped the remaining pills to me.
This month, they charged my credit card twice.
When I called to talk to them about it, the person who answered the phone at first told me I was mistaken.
Upon further checking, I was told my credit card would be credited for the double charge.
The problem with this phone call was, the employee (Eve) behaved as if it was my fault my card was charged twice.
When I thanked her and told her I would be watching for my credit, she just hung up on me.
Okay, so nothing disastrous has happened, but my last two experiences with this pharmacy will result in me paying a little more money and taking my business up the street.
1/22/14 - The Director of Operations contacted me the day I posted my review to apologize and to inquire as to whether there was anything they could do to earn my business again.
Obviously, Diamondback Drugs takes customer service seriously.
Based on this merchant's quick response to my less than positive experience, I am upgrading my rating and will give this merchant another try.

