We observed Cafe Fish more-or-less as it was installed and were excited to try it out.
It's right in that peculiar stretch of Leith outside the Shore but within the rapidly gentrifying nook of Henderson Street near Sophie's, The Vaults and The Plumed Horse.
Even from the outside, the decor looks lovely and the menu inviting.
They've made a point about locally sourcing their seafood, which always strikes us as a positive step so that even before we stepped through their revolving door we were well disposed towards giving them a glowing review.
Inside, the decor continues to impress: brushed steel bartop, tables and light fixtures, exposed rock walls, tall, bright windows offset by a couple of twee church pews tucked in the corners.
We were seated at one of these pews, or rather my wife was; I sat in a comfortable black plastic chair with my back to the bar.
The menu is, unsurprisingly, dominated by seafood: smoked salmon, oysters, sea bass and cod, for example, as well as a single beef and one veggie (not vegan) dish.
The menu encourages you to order 2- or 3-course sets, with a basic 2-course running £19, though certain dishes included added supplement prices.
We opted to share a starter and a dessert (effectively each getting a 2-course, simply staggering the course).
We had been drinking already, so opted not to go for wine, but simply got a bottle of bubbly water.
Our shared starter was a Thai red mullet sitting on a bed of rocket, mange tout, carrot and red peppers.
It was a delicious starter, properly proportioned, with lovely, fragrant ginger, lime and sesame seed.
At this point, we were in good humour and enjoying our meal.
There were a few negative points.
They had been a bit mean with the bread basket: two slices apiece and we had to ask for butter twice.
We also became aware that the lovely decor was possibly not as well thought-out for noise mitigation, as the cafe was explosively loud.
Finally, with the restaurant quite busy and my back to the bar, I began to feel rather pressed in by waiters and patrons attempting to squeeze past.
For all this, we were overall quite happy.
It was with the main course that our pleasant feelings began to fade a bit.
Not that the quality of the food failed.
I had ordered wild turbot, which arrived nicely grilled on a bed of absolutely top-notch creamed spinach and accompanied by some reasonably tasty mashed potatoes.
My wife's monkfish with salsa was likewise exquisitely prepared and served with a small portion of really excellent chips.
The problem was that, like the bread, the portions were parsimonious at best.
We seemed to sail through our main courses in no time at all.
The dessert continued in this same vein: we shared a tasty, well-made, and very small chocolate tart.
Our cups of coffee were fine, but we had to laugh that they had included a piece of fudge with each...a very, very, very small piece.
Add to this that my wife's pew was getting rather hard on her posterior, and the service was disorganised and a bit slow, and our overall impression was not all that it could have been.
I want to say a word about the loos.
You're wondering why.
I think that loos say a lot about a place: how well its been thought out, how clean it is.
Cafe Fish excelled in this regard.
The brushed steel motif carried on inside and it was spotlessly clean.
Perfume accompanied the soap in the ladies room, and high powered Dyson hand dryers (the best in the business, I'd say) dispatched the water in seconds flat.
Overall, we stepped out for £45 plus tip.
This struck us as rather steep for one starter, two small mains, one dessert, a bottle of water and two coffees.
We weren't unhappy, but neither were we jumping for joy.
Cafe Fish is still new and many of our complaints are remediable.
Hopefully they will iron out the rough patches and a really stunning restaurant will result.

Operating out of the Stockbridge site previously occupied by Zanzero this is the new home for Cafe Fish.
Business wasn't too brisk on Monday evening but the service was attentive (possibly overso in terms of checking how we were getting along with only two other tables occupied) and swift with empty glasses of water being topped up regularly.
My serrano ham, mozzarella balls & peach starter was tasty and well presented and the haddock on a borlotti bean & spring onion base was well cooked and filling.
Overall two courses for £22 was good vfm although they could maybe do with getting in some wine around the £12 mark.
Not then somewhere I see myself going on a regular basis (the acoustics could I think be a problem at busy times) but my experience chimed well with a friend's recent account so it seems you could do worse in the city in terms of fish restaurants pitched at this level of the market.

Scotland's Seafood Restaurant of the Year for 2012, Cafe Fish is a very smart seafood restaurant in Stockbridge.
At lunch it serves a seafood-infused tapas menu, with a more standard a la carte in the evening.
It also opens for Sunday lunch, so definitely merits more than one visit.
Our visit was on Saturday lunchtime, and we found the tapas to be very good.
Overall, we said: "we were both really impressed by Cafe Fish.
It served us very good dishes, in stylish surroundings with welcoming service.
We spent an enjoyable, relaxed afternoon, taking around four hours to get through everything, set the world to rights, and dine in considerable style.
I'll be back for an evening visit, soon, as I'm keen to see how their a la carte compares.

Worst restaurant I have seen in years!
Never coming back again  It is with great pleasure to share with you my disgust of the level of communication and the method of customer treatment that took place in the evening of my first and last visit to Cafe Fish  Having tasted the delicious food, me and my girlfriend soon realized that a small 125mL glasses of Amaro Italy red wine were mistakenly substituted for a full wine bottle, as the waitress had misheard our order and served a full 750 mL bottle of Amaro Italy.
Upon gazing on the bill, I walked up to the front desk to explain to the staff of this misunderstanding, I was immediately attacked verbally and initially by the store Manager (Murray Muir) who ACCUSED me of being under the influence and suffering from cognitive impairment due to alcohol consumption, even though me and my girlfriend had 125mL each.
Not realizing that he was speaking to a competent medical professional, he INTIMIDATED me and THREATENED to call the police if the bottle price was not paid without even bothering to listen to my explanation.
Being the bigger and better man, I paid the full price even though the error stemmed from the waitress and not from us.
He LAUGHED at me when I stated that universally THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT under these circumstances.
He then proceeded by INSULTING me by asking "How many times do you do this over time and get away with?
"  I demanded to speak with the owner Richard Muit, whom after I met him, I explained to him that this is NOT ABOUT THE MONEY, as the difference between a full bottle and 2 glasses is only £11!
It's about the principle.
His argument was solely on "why did you not mention anything in the beginning?
"  When I asked him if it was worth it to ruin an entire evening for £11, he was speechless.
I stormed out of the store with no apology from the waitress, manager, and owner.
The bottle was left on the table, and I refused to take it as it was not mine and I restated that I ordered a glass not a bottle.
For all those travelers abroad who are eager to tour and live the magnificence of Edinburgh, I urge you to look beyond my review and explore other amazing restaurants out there who know how to properly deal and treat dissatisfied customers.
As a Canadian citizen, I have been to countless number of upscaled restaurants worldwide, and this is not a restaurant to be considered.
Manners do not come with the price you pay at Cafe Fish, as it has not yet been implemented by the staff, and perhaps never will be.
(YL, Canada)

After our visit for lunch, last year, I did say that we'd come back to try the evening menu.
I'm really glad that we did, as it was absolutely tremendous!
Their starter of salmon and scallop sashimi was one of the best dishes I've sampled in all quests.
We were a fairly demanding table; the service was excellent, throughout.
A really enjoyable evening was had by all.
Overall, we said: "Cafe Fish was an absolute winner.
The evening service was as good as the lunchtime and then some.
The excellence of the seafood with which we were presented was incredibly impressive.
I would urge you to pay it a visit, very soon.

Cafe Fish is the perfect place for seafood lovers.
Set in a lovely, opulent Georgian building it's greatest asset is it's food.
Which comes in quite handy when running a restaurant.
There's only one niggle I have, and i'll get that out of the way first.
And bear in mind this was ordering from the Lunch menu.
The cost.
Eating at a seafood restaurant is an expensive business anywhere these days, but the drinks are pricey and you can't help but feel the portions are a little disappointing.
The menu changes almost daily, depending on produce.
Not only a mark of a great eaterie but also it's kitchen.
Ingredients are always fresh and dishes well executed and reassuringly prepared in view of the restaurant.
Waiting staff are also very friendly, attentive and know their menus.
As I said, the menu often changes but always offers a fantastic variety of fish and shellfish cooked numerous ways and always to perfection.
I have been numerous times before and will  continue to return because the seafood is some of the best in the country and the service is faultless.

I went to this restaurant with my sister and mother for my sisters belated birthday lunch.
The staff were pretty friendly, the decor was a bit depressing though.
We livened things up with our cheery presence of course.
;-)   The food was okay, but portions were a bit small.
After reading the menu I thought they were pretty reasonably priced, until I realised just how much (little) food you get.
The chowder and pan seared sea bass were ok, had to add some seasoning to the chowder though.
The chips were amazing!
Perfectly crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside.
I could have happily and easily eaten just those.
In fact, the chips and the dessert were the best part.
I was annoyed at one point to see other customers eating fish and chips.
The annoyance was because it wasn't on the menu, and if I had known we could have ordered fish and chips, I would have!
I had a gingerbread pudding with a toffee sauce and Bramley apple sorbet for dessert which was out of this world!
I could have eaten several of those.
hehe  I almost had a heart attack when the bill came.
Almost £100 for 3 people?
We had bread and butter, 3 mains and 3 desserts with an extra order of chips and a bowl of chowder.
Apparently the Prosecco was £27!
If I had known I would have chosen to stop drinking on another day!
So our experience was okay.
The only memorable part of the meal were the chips and the dessert, which is also the only reason I'd ever go back.

