Clearly, I was inebriated beyond belief.
This was right after a glorious adventure at XS.
I had met a new delightful friend and we walked here, or better yet stumbled here.
The usual Denny's.
Nothing special.
We ate.
Upon leaving, I hadn't realized it then but my phone accidently fell out of my pocket.
Once I got back to my hotel room I noticed it was missing.
Losing your phone in Vegas is pretty much losing touch with reality.
In a fit of panic I called over and they were kind enough to hold onto it for me.
Again, still inebriated.
I thought it was just a hop, skip and jump from my hotel room so I decided to walk instead of taking a taxi.
It's approximately 6am, crazy hot and I'm walking.
As I continue to walk, I begin to realize that it is ALOT further than I thought.
Urgh....
Finally got my phone back with a pleasant txt msg waiting for me.
I can exhale.
Thanks to this Denny's for holding onto it!
Saved my life.

We arrived at Dennys around mid morning (11am).
We ended up waiting for about 10 minutes, but they were moving people in and out really fast.
When we were seated we were not only greeted by the hostess and waitress, but also the bus boy and the runner...which is basically another waiter for a really busy restaurant.
We ordered and recieved our food fast and hot.
It was just what I needed after a night of drinking.
Our waitress was wonderful.
We asked about other types of foods and where to get inexpensive stuff and she told us a bunch of amazing places that we will definitely end up going to again.

I know, I know.
I went to DENNY'S in VEGAS when I could have gone to way more "foodie-worthy" fancy places, but hey, I was with a group of girls from NY and they just wanted something casual, something they'd heard of before.
So Denny's it was!
Seems like this was a new opened Denny's.
It was clean, the food was decent and service was nice.
Since we were a large group, it took a little time for our food to come out, but overall we were all satisfied with our meals.
Since it was a friend's bday, they were nice enough to come out and sing Happy Birthday to her with a slice of chocolate cake to boot!
We also tried to Caramel Apple Crisp which I'd highly recommend if you're looking for something sweet on the menu.
I'm not saying I'm going to go to Denny's out here in the Bay Area, but I am saying it did the trick for a bunch of hungry gals in Vegas.

Like everyone else has said, it's a Denny's, so why bother reviewing it?
I just had to say that this location is busy busy busy and, yet, the staff here move with lightning speed.
We got seated, served and out the door in record time.
And these people are dealing with drunks and those with major hangovers 24/7.
If you want a quick breakfast, and you're down with Denny's, this is the spot.
The $6 build-your-own grand slam will rival most breakfast buffets that cost 3x the price.

Decent food.
Busy in the morning.
Waiters were attentive and pretty good for a quick food joint.

I know it's just a Denny's, but I have always appreciated a tasty Grand Slam any day of the week and, after I had just lost over $300 on (what I still believe to this day was rigged) Blackjack, I needed something on the cheap.
We popped in at a not-so-prime time (there were probaby only 5 other tables filled in the whole place) and our waiter failed to deliver prompt refills - one of us made it through the whole meal with no refill.
Food came out pretty quick, but even though I expected everything to be cooked into one greasy mess, the GrandSlam-wiches had a hint of some kind of cinnamon ingredient that, according to the menu, should not have been there.
Add on the Kenny G and Michael McDonald on the radio the whole time and it was a complete buzz kill.
Sorry Las Vegas Denny's.
But I expected more/average.

Amid all the extravagant casinos, shows, and people handing out porn on the strip, a Denny's can be found to appease your "cheap and greasy" food desires.
It's about what you would expect from a Denny's, food wise.
However, I happened to be particularly disappointed in this Denny's for the following reasons:  - Service.
The water refills were few and far between.
Hello?
We're in the DESERT, and have most likely been drinking beer/alcohol all day.
We need water, and lots of it.
If you don't want to keep coming over to refill us, please just leave a pitcher on the table!
- Music.
I can't even fully describe the weird 80's jazz stuff they had on, but I will say it was too loud, and too annoying.
The food tasted like I expected it to, so that's a good thing.
But the fact that I was sitting there parched and thirsty most of the time, while meanwhile drowning in bad music, kind of ruined the whole thing for me.

Denny's are all the same.. same ol menu.. same ol nasty greasy food... but will definitely settle your cravings after a long night of severe drinking in Vegas.
This is located conveniently on the strip right next to Harrahs.
We had 6 of us and we ordered fairly simple things.. yet our waiter got a lot of things mixed up and messed up.
Its okay though he was awesome and put up with our complaints and such.. even gave us to go cups for our sodas.. extra side of hash browns, pancakes and toast.
At least we left satisfied..

Man do I love Dennys!!
A perfect cheep alternative breakfast instead of going to an expensive buffet or one of the Hotels restaurants.
Located right on the strip by MGM and across from NY NY.
If you making the trip to Sin City and a breakfast lover on a budget.
I suggest hitting up this spot.

Great staff - very friendly and the only reason I give this a two.
The food was horrible and twice as much as your typical Denny's.
Most people in Vegas were still nursing their hangovers so getting seated was no problem... so that's another plus

We were here early in the morning!
we woke up for a walk at like 10am.. and we didn't get seated until an hour later.
We waited for an hour ..
I was so grumpy.. the staff are very attentive, they listen to what you want.
My friend HATES cheese, and she ordered something but requested with NO cheese, but the kitchen people made her food with cheese, and she asked her staff to change it, and they did :) which was good, we left happy with the 2,4,6,8 menu.
we're cheap.. :)  In my opinion, save the time and just go else where.
There are like 3  different dennys on the strip, so you can choose, One by the mirage, the M&M factory:)

I never thought I'd be reviewing a Denny's, let alone in Las Vegas, but this proved to be an excellent cheap breakfast alternative.
Scratch that, the ONLY cheap breakfast on the strip.
My group, 12 people, came here on Mother's Day hungover and hungry and we were promptly seated at 4 different tables, which was a-okay with us, as long as we could get food and coffee promptly.
The service was good, friendly and efficient.
The location itself seems new, for a Denny's, and pretty clean.
Food was good, nothing amazing, but definitely great hangover food and the coffee was fairly good.
Conveniently located near MGM on the strip, this is a great place to grab a bite if your looking for something cheap and reliable.

The family & I made a trip to Las Vegas last summer for a reunion.
Unfortunately it was a few weeks shy of my 21st birthday.
So, I was a little bummed because everyone knows that Vegas is no fun for anyone under 21.
When I wasn't at one of the many events for our family reunion, I spent most of my time in our hotel room.
Luckily, I wasn't alone...I had my brother & my 19 yr old cousin to keep me company.
One day after breakfast while my brother was at the gym, my cousin & I decided to  ditch the adults (not really) and go shopping on the strip.
For lunch, we came HERE.
I absolutely love Dennys!!
I have to say we were expecting it to be busy & service to be mediocre.
However, it was the total opposite.
It wasn't at all that busy & service was great!
The workers were really nice.
Our waitress was especially nice...she enjoyed the fact that we were from Hawaii & asked us questions about it.
Lol.
The food was good too.
As it being Denny's, I feel no need to comment anymore on the food because in my opinion, it was the same as one would find at any other Denny's restaurant, in exception to a few items that we normally wouldn't find on the menu in Hawaii.
As for the atmosphere, it was nice...kinda loud because there happened to be lots of frat guys & a few family brunches happening when we got there.
But other than that, it almost didn't feel like we were in Vegas for a second...until we walked out the door into the heat and the Vegas commotion.

This Denny's was pretty packed, but since we went in needing a table for two, we didn't have to wait for long.
Denny's delivered in aiding my hangover- Thank You!
We went through a couple different servers.
One was pretty young and told us that she had to take her break, so that was a little strange.
I thought that the cost was pretty comparable to other Denny's, making this a pretty affordable option for the area.

First, I apologize for my friends...
I realize that absolutely nothing we ordered was on the menu (or probably on any menu anywhere) but i sincerely appreciate you making it anyways.
The concotions that sound appealing after a night of drinking, blow, blackjack, and hookers are endless, and you my friends, are A-MAZING.
I apologize that i used the menu as a pillow and threw that straw at that kid (why is there a kid at dennys on las vegas blvd at 4 am?!
) but that burger you made me with the peanut butter, avocado, and salsa was spectacular.
And my best friend really enjoyed the buscuit and gravy covered waffle and hashbrowns.
keep fighting the good fight.

Its hard to say what was worse, the food or the service.
When our food arrived at the table, the waitress tossed the plates in front of us, and walked away without saying a word.
We didnt hear from her again, until she tossed the bill on the table.
My hamburger looked and tasted like it was microwaved.
It had a rubbery skin on it, and it was raw and greasy inside.
YUCK!

Really good service (I wish I remembered the ladies name).
Great personality.
Good food.
Everything went well.
It is kind of in a ghetto area though...

Typical Denny's food, HORRIBLE service.
We waited over an hour and a half for mozzarella sticks!
I wont even tell you how long it took to get the burgers.
The waitresses reason, because another waitress took her plates.
Give me a break, and just tell me you forgot to put them in.
It's 4 am, I've been drinking, and I had casino's bullshitting me all night.
Get my food, throw it on a plate.
let me eat in peace, tip and pay, and be on my merry way.

Horrible service, never once did the waitress came to the table.
I almost walked out.
Kept on calling for a waiter/waitress and most of the were talking in the kitchen and not attending customers.
I will not return to this Dennys.

Drunk food!
Tired from dancing and starving?
Dennys it is!
After a a night out a bit drunk the best place to go is Denny's in my opinion.
Moons over my hammy always sounds good when your drunk.
Enough said!

Nothing like working all day, partying all night then going to Denny's at 5 AM to get something in your stomach before you have to go to work in a couple hours.. Yay Denny's!!
I remember the plate.. can't recall what was on it.. but it was able to soak up some of the alcohol in my system and allowed me to keep on going...

Can't go wrong with Dennys.
Great central location, responsive staff (once you get their attention), fast service, reasonable prices.
Every time that I've been to this Dennys, I've had to wait 30 minutes to an hour but for some reason, a grand slam after a booze-filled night is the most comforting thing that I can ingest so yeah, it's worth the wait.

The worst Denny's I've ever been to.
I don't even know where to start, because most of my experience was unbelievable.
I'll start with the 15 minute wait to get seated while astonishingly bored and uncaring employees strolled back and forth.
Once in a while someone would look disinterestedly at us and hold a finger up, ostensibly to say "one more minute", even as the bulk of the restaurant was relatively empty.
Then there is, of course, the clientele.
I mean, it's the north end of the strip, so yeah...
There are families with 17 kids and awkward old men with hookers.
That's fine, it's Vegas, but when you're agitated as it is, this kind of stuff doesn't help.
Oh, the service.
We had Mr. "I seriously don't give a shit that you're here.
What do you want to eat?
" as our waiter.
After ordering, I got up to go into the bathroom.
THE BATHROOM WAS COVERED IN BLOOD.
I can't make this up, Yelp friends.
The bathroom looked like a murder scene.
There was blood sprayed all over the floor, the mirror, the sinks, the counter, and the paper towel dispenser.
Fresh blood.
After that, it may as well have been my appetite that got butchered in there.
I told the staff about the blood and the manager at least looked concerned, in the "oh my, what else do I have to deal with tonight" sense.
They scurried off to figure out what happened.
I got my food, and it was served on a dirty plate.
The final straw.
This place is a fucking shithole.
Go to the other Denny's, go to Walgreen's next door and buy Doritos for dinner, or even better, go to The Peppermill that's a hundred feet away, it's way, WAY better for the same price.

The service and food were fair and the wait was long.

0 stars ... worst service ever!!
Never again.. DONT SIT A PARTY OF 5 at a booth for 4..... PAY MORE MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!

Basic, easy, and filling....hangover food.

The food was great, the service was great....I would have given this place a 5 star rating if it hadn't been for one thing.....overcharging.
Watch the menu prices carefully and then check your bill carefully.
They openly admitted that the prices that ring up are usually different than on the menu and they DO NOT change it unless the customer notices and wants it changed!
So...in the state of Nevada, is that NOT considered stealing?

It's Denny's but on the strip!
Meat lover's omelet is a great follow up to a down night of gambling.
Just makes you feel like a million bucks.

I probably should of read the rest of yelp reviews before I had dinner.
I was hungry sou thought this was my usually trip to Dennys with out any problems.
So the lady when you walkways friendly.
And then after that it got bad.
we waited and waited.Then  a person came and took our beverage ordered and then he came back and dropped the drinks mothering's coffee and myself were cloakroom temperature.
Then we got our food in we rid shifts.
My food came after my whole family was eating and then my mother in law food skillet was cold, tortillas same.
Then my sister got her food last and her toast was Luke warm.
My manager came and said sorry and took 15% of the check, I

I wasn't drunk, and I liked it.
That should be the critical snippet on the cover of my future novel.
"I wasn't drunk, and I liked it    -   The New York Times".
This was my first time at a Denny's, since they don't seem to exist in NYC, and all those damned commercials sure make it seem yummy.
And yummy it was!
I had an ultimate skillet, which came out on a sizzling sizzler thing with potatoes, cheese, sausage, red peppers, and maybe some other veggies.
It was hearty, but not as large as I thought, unfortunately.
Le girlfriend got a fit skillet, which was similar to mine, except healthified with egg whites, spinach, and broccoli.
It was very tasty as well.
We had to refrain from ordering the good-looking desserts, but I'm sure they are just as good as the entrees.
Perhaps the reason I gave this a 4 instead of a 3 is the simple selection of appetizing things available.
I almost want to DEDUCT a star for me being so indecisive.
BACON AVOCADO WRAP THINGIE?
ULTIMATE SKILLET?
SLAMWICH?
UGH DENNYS Y U HAVE SO MANY ITEMS.
I then promptly paid and had more Tacos El Gordo next door.

My experience at this Denny's was one of the best I have ever had.
Parking was easy to find and our wait to be seated was very short.
We were about to come home from a long few days in Las Vegas, and we wanted to eat as quickly as possible and then be on our way.
Our server was very good, and much friendlier than most of the staff that I have encountered at other Denny's.
I ordered the "Build Your Own Grand Slam" with pancakes, bacon, sausage and hash browns.
Our waitress asked me if I wanted strawberries on my pancakes, and I emphatically said "Yes, and with whipped cream too!
"  My friend joked to her if she could put a smiley face on my pancakes.
To my surprise, my pancakes actually did come out with a smiley face!
I had never seen this done before and thought it was pretty cool!
I also added onions and peppers to my hash browns for 50 cents more, and they were superb.
I can't remember ever having a meal at Denny's that was this good before.
Everything was tasty, and I was really happy that we stopped here.
As we were leaving, I saw that it was much more crowded.
I'm sure this Denny's location gets really packed at peak times since it is on the strip.
I would not mind eating here again the next time I am in Las Vegas, but I can't imagine the experience being any better than it was this past weekend when we visited.

It's my birthday and first place I'm going to is Denny's for my free Birthday Grand Slam!
I was pleasantly surprised when our wait for breakfast was only 3 minutes at 10 AM.
The tables... suuuper close, so don't expect a lot of privacy if you get a table instead of a booth.
However, we did get our food pretty quickly and my girlfriend and I really enjoyed the word search table mats while we waited!
Great place for breakfast if you're looking for some on the strip... 24 hours a day

The restaurant is pretty small compared to the Denny's back home.
But the waiters were pretty nice, funny, but of course they were just all up in our business cause us ratchet b/tches are just too damn cool ;) hahaha!
The food is on point.
I'm not a big fan of Denny's, but I must say, my country fried steak was bomb.

I know it's just Denny's and my expectations shouldn't be high but this was the worst experience I've ever encountered and I have a high tolerance level.
We were seated near the hostess station and had to constantly listen to them shout out names.
The food took ridiculously long to come to the table and the clientele was less than endearing.
We had two folks sitting next to us who were basically coughing on our food.
We threw in the towel and left having not eaten a single bite (we did pay and tip).
I would NEVER return here no matter how hungry I am!

Any town USA.
Friendly, fast, and food uniform to locations.
Half the patrons are buzzed no matter the time of day but all good and just looking for a reasonably priced meal in Vegas.
Right on the strip outside harrahs so easily accessible and open 24.

Good comfort food, clean restaurant, friendly wait staff.
All good things if you want a reasonably priced meal that tastes good.

My family are visiting from Australia and love the American Diner experience.
At lunchtime we had good service, they were accommodating to our kids individual requests and the food quality better than any theme park we have recently visited.
Also have healthy options for adults so you don't always have to go for the lumberjack slammer (although it's tempting).
Went on to visit The Venetian, Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio so great location.
Thank you.

Hey Its Denny's For the price you cant go wrong, this is for me a breakfast place not a fan of there dinners.
Our server was ok she forgot our toast and syrup, and took a long time to come back with it.

Good place for a cheap lunch.
WICKED CROWDED.
Get there early.
Typical sit down fast food like IHOP, Dave's etc.
A little on the dirty side, but it is close to Casino Royale and Imperial Palace (gross), so I would expect no less.
The wait staff are WAY over-worked, and their " get them in and out attitude " is disappointing.
Tip them well !!
They bust their asses though.
**** The food was really tasty, and it came quickly.
I had the nachos.
This was a leap of faith because the last time I ate at Denny's (1989) there was a very long black hair in my food(nachos) no hair this time, yet I think the nachos still tasted the same.

Couldn't give an honest assessment of the food since we ended up walking out.
Waited nearly 5 minutes to be seated (there was no one in front of us when we got there).
First thing we see is a waitress complaining that the order she's holding was not what the customer wanted, and another waitress was kind of arguing with her about it.
FInally got seated, then waited at least another 5 minutes before our waitress came by, who happened to be the complaining waitress above.
She asked what we wanted to drink, my wife said coffee, and then I told her we're ready to order.
She then said we'll have to wait a minute and took off.
Again, we waited another 5 minutes, no coffee in sight, and noticed no one was getting their food, and another waitress was apologizing to folks about why it was taking so long.
We ended up walking out, which we rarely do unless service is horrible, which this absolutely was.

its cheap breakfast food but the food is always.. just ok or cold... i always have a problem here.
the staff is helpfule though

Two stars for the food.
Five stars for the servers.
I can't remember his name, but you have a gentleman working there who seems to be the happiest person in the world.
I really hope you pay him well enough.

Service was horrible!
Dishes were served dirty!

I don't want to rag on Denny's, because I love eating here.
I think this location was not the greatest.
Every time I've gone to Denny's, the service and the food has been great.
Here, not so much.
I felt like my mom and I were rushed here.
When my mom and I arrived, there were not very many people inside, no one at the front to seat us, and a man sitting that had been waiting.
We wondered and the lady at the cashier finally said something.
We had two male waiters.
One I think was in training, who did a better job than the vet.
Whenever we needed something, we asked the trainee because our other waiter never brought out what we asked for.
He didn't have many tables either, because there wasn't a lot of people in there.
I saw a picture of nachos on the menu and it looked really good, so I ordered that.
When it came out, the only thing on the plate was chips, cheese and the avocado I ordered as extra.
I asked for some salsa to give it more taste, and that made it better.
My mom stated her food wasn't that good as usual.
The place seemed older, but obviously with their location, they have a ton of people coming in and out all hours of the day.
To keep it shiny would be difficult.
There were food particles in our booth.
I will go back to Denny's, but not this one in the heart of the strip.
I will stick to the one's closer to my home.

10 Reasons why I found this Denny's so comical:  1.
We walk in and this ex-army style woman took down our name, and was like so commanding and loud and I just started cracking up from her.
I didn't realize that EVERYONE in Vegas goes to this Denny's for breakfast.
Half the people are so drunk from last night they think they're going to dinner.
We get seated, and I order an iced coffee with no sugar, that came back with "extra sugar".
Next time listen guy.
*I look around seeing all the hungover people of Las Vegas, once more*  6.
The food was surprisingly amazing.... Giggle to that as well.
I had a breakfast burrito, with egg, bacon, avocado, and tomatoes.
It was really really good, i was so surprised.
The waiter didn't like me when i sent back the coffee, and then asked him to give me a straw for the second coffee, without sugar this time.
When I asked if their was free refills, the waiter said "DUH".
I started cracking up in his face.
For three, the cost of breakfast was like $30, which is just a tad more than the price of coffee and a bagel in Manhattan.
LOL  10.
We were sitting at our table for 30 minutes after we had finished our food, because the waiter didn't tell us that you pay at a separate cash register.
We were waiting for him to come back, it was just hilarious.
Good experience, your garenteed, good, quick, food, and a pretty good laugh too!

before we went to vegas i checked out all the reviews before we went to the resturants and i told my boyfriend that dennys looked like a no because of all the bad reviews but i gave in and we went and had a good breakfast and cheap.
cheapest meals ive ever had in vegas haha.
if you are looking for fast service you arent going to get it, u gotta have patiences when u come here because they are extremely busy.
but if your just there to chill and take your time its perfect.
we actaually ate breakfast here 3 out of the 4 days we were in vegas.
we never paid over 17 bucks for our meals and one morning we only paid 7 because they took forever to get my boyfriend his meal so they gave us it for free and then gave us a coupon for the next time.
wewill be back,

It's easy to be snobby about Dennys, but you know what?
This is better than 80% of breakfasts on the Strip, and it'll cost you $7.
On my last morning in Vegas I decided to branch out and try the American diner at New York New York, and it was a pale shadow in comparison (and cost at least twice as much).
The food is bang on the money - diner fare that'll keep you going for the rest of the day - and everyone who works there is friendly and competent.
Sure, if you want to have a leisurely breakfast you could head over to Mon Ami Gabi over at the Paris (and you should, at least once), but if you want to eat well and get moving, Dennys has your back.

me and my wife LOVED this place !!!
staff is warm and friendly  - heather - thanks for super service  food was great, even the parking was easy  we ended up eating there every day - 3 nights total  we will def be back again

Great place to grab breakfast on the strip!
Very affordable!
Service is a bit slow but not that big of a deal.

The runs immediately after consuming their eggs (sunny side up) from the $4 slam.
The wait was also ridiculously long at 4am, then 10am.
Stay away for your own good.

If you're hungover: Get the chicken noodle soup!
I could eat bowls for days.
We waited and waited and waited at this place.
I really don't like Denny's to begin with but this was SO slow.

Yes....5 stars.
I tire quickly of the bullshit encountered on the Vegas Strip, and specifically the crowded overpriced food offerings in the casinos.
Wife wanted some pancakes around ten o'clock on a Friday night after we saw a show at The Venetian, so we headed into Denny's which s practically next door.
Dinner was a stack of pancakes, hashbrowns, biscuits and gravy, and an artery clogging grilled cheese (with mozzerella sticks in it) sandwich with with fries, and a coke and a water.
Price: Less than $11.00.
We had just paid more than that for two cocktails even though we had a two for one ticket for said cocktails!
Food was all good, restaurant was clean enough, and the entertainment (read: the colorful array of customers) was priceless.

For a cheap eat in Vegas without getting botulism, this is your place.
Denny's is a stand up place with good prices and great food.
Their breakfast is so much better than most of the restaurants in even the most foo fooy casinos in Vegas.
Stick to the basics...Denny's is great.

It's a Denny's.
I start with that because I have to set some expectations.
For the price and location it is great.
I have gone several times for breakfast year after year and get consistent service.
The 2-4-6-8 menu is probably the best way to experience Denny's on a budget but don't be shocked if your table does not have the menu on it just look around for one at another table or ask the server.
I think this has happened to me several times as they seem to want to trick tourists into spending more money.
At least that's my perspective.
My wife and I went and she ended up having to sit on my side of the booth because the other side had food on it from when they cleaned the table.
That does bother me a bit when people clean the top of the table and just throw it on the chair for the patrons to sit on top of it.
The staff was nice.
We were in and out pretty quickly.
Overall, for a Denny's value experience it was good.
I would recommend Denny's to anyone looking for a budget breakfast on the Las Vegas Strip.

Cheapest breakfast on this end of the strip considering most the hotels at this end are way overpriced for very cheap food.
Go to Dennys and save your money for other fun.
Service was SLOW, but I expected that because of other reviews on here.
Over an hour to get our food even though the restaurant was half empty.

I really don't understand why the place was that crowded despite their very poor breakfast service.
We were five people there and every single dish we had, as well as two dishes we asked for giving a try, was a disappointment.
I will never try to eat a breakfast there again.

so i went after clubbing and gambling and they assumed we were drunk first off.
NO.
i was not drunk please dont give me a kid sized water.
because 1 im thirsty, its hot, 2 thats prejudice, 3 if i notice everyone has full sized adult drinks, im angry.
the food here is blah, but it is dennys but it should at least be  alittle good i mean its murdered in cheese so thats like a given, but it just wasnt that good.
maybe i did need to be drunk to enjoy it.
JUST MAYBE.
service was sub par.
i had to ask for a refill on my literally 4oz cup of water.
seriously?

Poor service, slow to get food and drinks.
When we finally received food most of ours were cold.

Good service, but terrible food.
My dinner date ordered ala carte stuff and here's the digs: 1 Egg Over hard: Egg was so over cooked that the yolk part was cooked to a state of nonexistence Smothered hash browns: teeny plate of hashbrowns with invisible cheese, shit tons of onions, a tablespoon of "gravy" (looked like jizz), and had no flavor Pancake puppies: Dry as shit, not warm, and were like weak ass donut holes Toast: Half buttered and barely toasted  My bacon/avocado bfast burrito was ok.
The worst part was the passed out homeless person outside the building that was so dead to the world that he had about 40 flies buzzing around his nose and mouth.
In fact, we checked his breathing because he looked dead.
Not appealing for outside of an eating establishment, even if it's las vegas.
Do not give this place your money or time.
Maybe the other Denny's on the strip are better, but the one by the Stratosphere is pure shit.

We went to Denny's because we figured we'd save some money on food.
We went early, which was great, because we didn't have to wait for a table.
After we were seated, it literally took a half hour to get our drinks ordered.
There were people seated after us, who had their meals, while we were still waiting for a drink!
Food was ok, and the service was horrible.
I understand Vegas is a busy place, but I think a few things need to be changed about the way the staff handles customers.

You go to Denny's for a fast, value, good old American cooking.
In Vegas, there's a lot of choices so you go here to get food fast.
My experience her has been terrible.
It took 1/2 hour for the breakfast to arrive, at lunch time.
Manager apologized, saying they shut down one kitchen.
Heck, NOT during a busy time.
When my brother's order arrived, it was COLD and did not have the eggs.
We would have had a better time at Mcdonalds across the street by Circus Circus.
I've actually seen a couple get up and leave as they were not served in so long a time.
Definitely a Denny's not up to snuff and I will not go back here again.

Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #7 - #365   This Denny's is located right inside Casino Royale right across from the Mirage and between the Venetian and Harrah's and is open 24 hours.
If you want to save some money from eating in those overpriced restaurants on the strip hotels, then look no further because this Denny's is perfect for the budget conscious.
I ordered my usual, "Grand Slam Breakfast" which consist of;  +3 Fluffy Pancakes with syrup +3 Scrambled Eggs +Ham +Sausage  also some coffee and water.
The food was average at best, our waitress was very friendly and always checked on our table.
I'm glad to have a Denny's across from my hotel, "The Mirage" and it save me around $35 - $40, if I had ordered the same type of breakfast in the hotel.
I also saved more from my friend who paid for my dinner!
Thanks Ian!
;-)

I'm not from America and this is my first time ever eating at a Denny's but this diner is absolutely fantastic.
It has a great range of healthy to junky food you can order.
This particular diner in Vegas has great staff and i had the opportunity to be served by the sweetest waitress ever.
The waiting for seating and for food was a bit longer than other dinners but so worth the wait after you've tasted the food.
5 stars

