My Troubled Relationship with Panda Express  A few years ago, I visited my friend Kristin in Seattle.
By some miracle the day was beautiful: the sun was out, and the temperature was just over 70.
I was already making plans to move there and live as a street performer.
But on the flight back, my rowmate quickly brought me down to Earth.
"Living in Seattle, is like being married to a beautiful woman," he said.
"...who is a wonderful cook... but is always sick.
" Bummer.
I stayed in Az.
A few days ago I realized the drive-thru Panda Express behind my house is like a beautiful woman... who is a wonderful cook... but is also prone to domestic violence and destined to give me diabetes: the one on cops who gets arrested for hitting her boyfriend with a skillet, and setting their trailer on fire.
What kind of abuse?
Well, the most recent was randomly waiting in the drive-thru for 20 minutes behind an exhaust belching Ford Expedition filled with screaming 5 year olds running around the back seat.
Because you can hear the person ahead of you order, I knew exactly what I was getting into when I heard "Are you sure you want Beijing beef?
That one might take awhile" and after a chorus of shrill screams of "NOOooooooooooooo!
BEIJNG BEEF!
BEIJING BEEF!
" the mother said, "yes we'll wait.
"    But still, I kept going.
I wanted Panda.
It was not open for debate.
I ordered my typical 3 entree plate with fried rice, 1 orange chicken, 1 kung pow chicken, 1 mandarin chicken.
This is very important because I've calculated that it is the order with the highest meat per vegetable ratio.
Why is that important?
Because vegetables are gross, that's why.
So, as I'm sitting there with my car turned off like a rational person... inhaling fumes from the expedition that has been idiling for 10 minutes, I think to myself, "John... you're stupid.
You are an idiot.
You could have had your pick of the fast food places here!
There's Arbys, McDonalds, Subway-- even a Chick-fil-et!
Heck, you could have even baked a chicken breast at home by now.
Why on earth would you subject yourself to this?!
It's ridiculous!
The only thing that could make this better is to go home and write a scathing review on Yelp.
And then your three yelp friends will read it.
And then Panda Express will rue the day they ran out of Beijing Beef!
They'll rue the Hell out of it!
"  But as I pulled forward and the dreamy drive-thru girl handed me the plastic bag full of sweet saturated fat and hydrogenated oily goodness... well the heat of the leaking cardboard containers must have melted my heart.
And after eating the whoooooole thing, I found myself forgetting the 20 minutes of annoyance... and just remembering the good times... specifically, the 10 minutes of stuffing my face.
4 stars, because I should know better... but I keep going back anyway.

So I got off work at around 9...Pissed off cuz I didn't bring a lunch or eat anything all day and got off late...I decided to hit up Panda Express right by place since I wanted something "cheap" and quick.
I'll never eat here again...I had the bowl of noodles and broccoli beef served on top.
I had about 4 slices of beef and my noodles were skimmed...ALL veggies!
WTF!
I paid around $5 for the worst meal of my life and it left me hungry still.
Never going here again...if I want fast Chinese food I'll go to Yum Yum China at Tempe Marketplace or go to an actual authentic Chinese place.
I hate you Panda Express

OK, I like eating here.
Sometimes, I need a Chinese food fix, and this place is close to my apartment, so I stop in to get Chinese.
Panda Express is the fast food of Chinese, and honestly, its not half bad.
This location is actually one of the nicer ones I've been to, which is an added bonus.
I like it here because they have a nice selection of dishes, and I can walk in and order just about anything.
They let you sample dishes if your not sure your going to like it, which is nice.
Colorful interior, reasonable prices, and you get quite a bit of food and its actually kinda good.
The downside, is well, I guess part of the territory.
Every time I come here there's a line.
Sometimes its one or two people, other times its like 9 or 10.
If your starving, that seems like a long line!
(maybe I shouldn't wait so long to feed myself.
LOL)  Service speed is okay, nothing to complain about.
Tables are always clean, supplies are well stocked.
Parking is tight here.
There's a few spots, but the lot also doubles as the drive thru line, which BLOWS.
Why?
If it's busy, you get blocked in by drive through people, and it takes forever to get out.
Why they did it like this makes no sense to me.
Also, they do not serve crab Rangoon.
I am baffled by this.
They have cheese Rangoon, but NEVER crab.
I prefer crab!
I know, I know, my problem and not theirs.
I've never done the drive through, but overall this place is not bad at all!
It beats McDonald's and Taco Bell, though slightly more expensive, comparatively speaking.
Plus, if you suddenly crave Chinese but don't trust the Chinese restaurants around you (like me) then this place is a safe bet!

The new Peppercorn Shrimp is AWESOME!!!

This location is new, clean & they crank out some good, fresh Mexican-made Chinese food.

damn, I just got ripped off.
went thru the drive-thru at around noon, got home and realized that what is usually fresh orange chicken is last night's left overs, heated up.
the first nugget I bit into was so hard, I cracked a tooth.
I wish I had another $10 to go spend at el pollo loco.
FML, shouldn't have trusted the PANDA today....

I've eaten here a couple of times and the amount of food you get is not consistent.
I love the noodles, orange chicken and beef with broccoli.
This place does satisfy my craving for chinese food.

Food is good.
Service sucks.
Waited 20 minutes standing in line.

I like Panda better than any other chinese fast food that i have tried and the price is not that bad for a fast food...

I created this panda on yelp due to I'm a big yelper and to let people know this panda is a hit or miss.
All depends on the chief in the kitchen, also if they are busy or not.
If they have a good chief and are busy your food with be very hot tasty and fresh.
Other times not so much even with busy n bad chief.
They do accept military and police discount witch is nice since a lot of places in the Mesa area of river view don't.

Came here with a huge group of church friends from CA and the food was fresh and well stocked.
The servers gave us good portions for our to go plates and were really nice to our group of 18 people.
Over all the please was clean and the bathrooms were as well.
I liked their orange chicken a lot it was really juicy

Such a terrible drive through experience.
Waited in line for 10-15 minutes between cars.
Should have gone inside.
Chicken in mushroom chicken was gross and fatty.
Barely any beef in beef broccoli and the broccoli was not cooked.
I like crunchy veggies but this broccoli was straight up not cooked and greasy.
Basically just ate the brown rice with the soy sauce they put in the bag which was good.

The chicken I got here had a hint of what seemed to me of burnt plastic.
I couldn't quite figure it out.
The vegetables I got (rather than rice and/or noodles) didn't seem to be cooked correctly like at other Panda Express locations.
Service was good, everything went smoothly there.

