If you need fake nunchuks, old china, random golf clubs, and a great selection of clothes to sort through, then this is your savers.

As far as second-hand stores go, Savers is one of my favorites in general.
They tend to be cleaner, and priced more appropriately than Goodwill has been over the past few years.
I like I get my kids clothes here since they have this weird tendency to grow and wear out what they wear (go figure) so I try to take advantage of their daily Half-price special on a random tag color.
Every once in a while I'll get lucky and find a good board game (I'm a board game designer and collector, so I love finding oddities) or even a nice shirt or pair of pants that are (either practically or sometimes literally) brand new.
I think I even found a nice pair of hiking boots once when I was about to go camping and was in a pinch to just get something on the cheap.
Wash everything before you use it, of course, but I've had pretty good luck at Savers.

I love thrift stores and this one is near my house.
I have purchased a few things here.
The store is big and fairly organized.
I think what I dislike about Savers is that it seems to be overpriced for used stuff they got for free.
I suppose that happens since they are a for profit store.
They have TONS of housewares stuff.
Though I never found something amazing there.
I would rather be at Goodwill but  I do stop by here sometimes.

I second the nice help here as stated by another poster.
Plus, I found some really good tops here, too.
Worth a looksee for sure.

My family was displaced by a home fire and so we had to replace some clothes.
We went in on a Tuesday and it was 25% off!
Believe me when I say we bought nearly $300 in clothes and other items and we walked out only paying $135!
The clothes are nice and decent just make sure you allow enough time to shop because you really have to look to find the nicer and quality clothes.

The best Savers in town.
Staff is super friendly and helpful.
Really a great resource for any family.
Highly recommend going on savings days and signing up for the card.

My firs time at a savers!
They have a ton of variety for seasonal items (Halloween costumes) and a lot of clothes.
Their housewares items are WAY overpriced and the quality is less than impressive.
Also, it was the last week of September... Everyone was dressed in costumes, playing Halloween music.
I'm all for celebration, but a little early.
This place is still better than good will, but i would only shop here for clothes.

A great place for many things at bargain prices.
Like any thrift store you need to  fully inspect.
That said great place for small kids clothing, books, toys, kitchenware and winter clothes.
I have found very nice work dresses there as we'll.
definitely worth checking out.

I have been going to this Savers for a few years now but I won't be going anymore.
They were never great to begin with but now they have gotten excessively greedy.
Their prices are ridiculous.
For example I saw a dirty old suede jacket for $99.99.
There were crappy shoes for about $15.00.
They are out of their minds.

