I have never had a bad meal here yet.
Of course all I get is the Gyro, with no onion and frys.
I did try a piece of Falafal today.
It was alot better then I have had in the past.
Good stand by if you are in the area and crave a gyro.

Quiet place for lunch on the weekend, but I'd wager it isn't so peaceful on weekedays with the Honeywell & other nearby workers.
Nice, new clean building.
Clean inside with more seating than most Gyro style places I've been to in the area.
Falafel sandwich was nothing special, but nothing bad about it either.
However the "side" of fries was very small.
In fact, now that I think about it was $9 for Falafel sandwich, "side" of fries, and drink.
Not such a great deal.

Been to Greek Patio many of times and it's a good spot for lunch as it's close to my work.
The plates are a tad expensive for lunch as I got the Soulvaki plate and a drink and it was over $10.
The food is decent but nothing I would go to for dinner.
3/5

great gyros!
delish!

Very good, fresh food.
The prices is pretty good for the amount of food you get, especially if you order a meal instead of just a sandwich.
The folks that run the place are always very nice.

I was really hoping it would be better since its close to the office.
Had the gyros plate and was not impressed.
I wont be going back.

I've had the Gyro combo for $8 dollars and change.
This place just doesn't do it for me.

I had the falafel sandwich for a quick lunch, tasty, not overpowering and enjoyed it.

I don't live in this area and I don't venture out this way often, so I have no idea what the Greek food competition is like, but for Greek Patio's sake I hope it's limited.
Don't get me wrong, the food was good.
I got the sampler appetizer plate that came with falafel/dolmas/tabule/baba ganoush/tzaziki/tahini & a generous helping of pita bread wedges.
It was a ton of food for a really reasonable price.
The only problem was, I couldn't tell which dip was the hummus & which was the baba ganoush, and normally that is very easily differentiated by both appearance and taste.
Then the "tzaziki", if you want to call it that, though tasty, was more of a"garlic ranch sauce".
The rest of it was fine, I have had better & I have had worse.
So I guess my only suggestion is, ditch the "Greek", change your name to "The Patio" and your customers won't compare your tasty food to something its not...Greek.

As others have said, decent, not amazing.
Portions were ample, prices were good and we got our food pretty quickly.
The tzatziki was a little watered down but the chicken in my dish was cooked really well: it was moist, had great flavor and the pieces were generous and well trimmed (fatty chicken = so gross!).
When I am at the office near here, I will probably come here again.

Awesome food and staff!

$8 lunch with a flavorful gyro, soda and side.
I really like the small, home feel to the place and the white onions don't bite but add to the flavor.
Then again, I read Yelp beforehand and knew the Gyro was the choice to make.
Thanks Yelp'ers

It's like fast food greek that doesn't taste like fast food.
The gyros are incredible.
It's cheap, fast, and you get about the same unsmiling service from fast food.
It's the food that pushed this place to 4 stars for me.
Otherwise... it was dirty... there were napkins and straw debris on the floor, tables needed to be wiped off and there was one trashcan only.

Seems to be family owned/run as best as I can tell.
Food is very tasty.
Standard Greek food as I can tell.
I'm guessing most of the meats are prepared ahead of time as they require slow cooking.
I went here a couple of years back and the Maricopa County health inspector was there doing a routine check and ended up shutting down the place on the spot, and the store had to give everyone their money back as directed by the inspector.
They resolved all of those major violations (see http://maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDown&mc_perm_id=238137&business=GREEK%20PATIO%202&address=1855%20%20%20W%20%20DEER%20VALLEY%20RD&permitid=SG67091).
I stayed away for a while though.
But I have since returned and all seems well.
The younger girl that is at the register is nice.
The others when working the cash register are a bit more business like than friendly per se.

Reasonably priced, straightforward Greek food.
Good service, does get packed at lunchtimes.

This is a perfectly adequate gyros place.
It's small, but clean enough.
Prices are fair.
People get the job done, but are not overly friendly (nor rude).
The gyros are just fine - slightly dry, but better than many places.
The pita and tzatziki are both good, especially the latter.
Fries are standard Sysco fries.
That's about it...it's a fine place.

I really like Greek food, and this place is okay.
I come here for lunch sometimes.
I like the gyros a lot better than the chicken gyros.
The tzatziki sauce is awesome, fries are good, and the service is pretty quick.
It's a good place for a quick lunch that's not a drive through.

My big fat Greek Patio -- an ass after eating here.
I don't think the owners really know how to run a restaurant.
It almost feels like eating out of a food truck here.
I ordered the Chicken Pita with a side of fries.
I think it's pretty good Greek style pita with the cucumber dill yogurt sauce.
The Chicken was grilled nicely and had that smoking smell.
Overall, the food was decent and it is what it is.
I just feel a tad bit heavier after a meal here.
Regarding the service, it's a food truck inside a building.
Don't expect much here since smile is too much to ask for and sometimes it doesn't seem they want to be there.
It's slow to get your food, but at least you know it's made to order.
The decors are very tacky and the god awful music plays.....please make it stop!
They have a pair of television sets on Sportcenter.
I guess that helps drown out the hectic scene.
- Enjoy!

dont waste your money here.
the food is disgusting & the place is not clean.
health code violations galore.
i got extremely sick here.
the manager whatever his name is a jerk

Not bad at all.
A long time ago while there, the Maricopa County restaurant inspector was there and he had been talking to the employees, then before i knew it he told the employees to close the restaurant immediately and to refund money paid for orders not yet filled and to not serve any more food.
Since that time, and after viewing the updated inspection reports, I have returned to eat here many times.
The food is very good, and I've not gotten sick there.
They aren't the friendliest there, but that's probably partially due to the great location and not having to worry about customer retention since it's the only place of that food genre in that high traffic area.
Another place near there, at Loop 101, on 27th Ave, has a very friendly proprietor, and he comes out to see how things are and such.
They get a lot of business, but perhaps not as much because their location is a bit obscure.
Back to Greek Patio, the man that works there reminds me of the Soup guy in Seinfeld.
He doesn't smile, doesn't say thank you after you pay, and is quite stoic.
I think if you tried asking for a substitution, he may say "NO PITA FOR YOU!
"    Like I said, since returning it's been very good.
One less star due to the previous issues with health inspections.
But seems they've resolved those.

I've gone by this place many times on my way to the Culvers next door and decided to finally try it out.
The chicken kabobs looked good on the menu but they were really dry like they were cooked and reheated.
The vegetables and rice were okay but I've had better.
The person I was with had the gyro with fries.
They said gyro was good but the fries were awful which I agree.
The fries had no flavor and looked like they were fried twice.
I will avoid going to this restaurant in the future.

I haven't been here in about a year and boy have things changed.
This place used to be packed for lunch but today it's empty.
Maybe it's bc of the sign that says at the register " Greek patio is not a fast food business fresh food takes time and your patience is appreciated".
Not a good way to start off your customer service plus the lady at the register wasn't very friendly.
Now to the food this place used to have an awesome gyro sandwich but mine today was bad.
The pita wasn't fresh half of my meat was dried out and looked burnt and the sauce is not what I remembered.
With all the other Greek options in the area I will not be back.

We tried this place today.
There is a lot of parking and it is easy to get in and out of the parking lot.
We went right at 12:30pm and it was pretty busy inside.
There is a Honeywell directly behind the building and it was full of their employees.
But there was seating outside as well.
The service was a little slow and the cashier didn't seem like she really wanted to be there.
The food was great!
We both had the Gyro Pita-  It was packed with meat and sauce.
The pita was fluffy and fresh.
The meat was a mixture and it was full of flavor!
The portion was very large and came with fries and a drink for only $8.
I would definitely return.

Had lunch here today and more than a few times..always good for me..The owner and his daughter are not the happiest of people but they get the job done.
(the mom is super nice!).
To Dad and daughter Your customers will either make or break you..!
So be nice and say hello ,thank you and have a good day.
If your considering eating here..ENJOY!
I always do.

There are a few good places for Greek food in Phoenix, but this is one of my favs.
The food is always very fresh and freshly prepared.
I think it's also a little more authentic than some of the others.

So this little gem is close to mywork and makes a dang good gyro.
The wait can be a ittle long sometimes, so I will have to find out if I can order ahead of time.
They have a great selection, from dolmas, to hummus, gyros, and falafel.
I ordered the gyro combo which came with fries.
They do have a $1.50 upcharge to substitute rice or salad for the fries which I thoguht was not efficent, but I was looking forward to trying their basmati rice.
I will definitely be back here for falafel and I'd love to try their hummus as well.
The gentleman at the front counter (maybe the owner?
) was incredibly friendly, though.
the meal took a while to be ready but it was tasty.
I wish they had given me more onions, tomatoes, and tzatziki and less gyro meat though.

Price increase BIG TIME no joke..!
I personally will never go back.. To bad because prices were already up there..$13.00 for a greek salad with chicken was $9.00 i couldn't believe it when the owner told me my total..Good Luck Greek Patio..!

