I needed a place that was quiet and clean for a quick overnight in the area.
This place was perfect.
The staff was extremely helpful and accommodated me with the quietest, most remote room in the hotel.
The shower was awesome (good pressure, shower head, and plenty of steamy hot water), and the bed was uber comfy.
I would have appreciated a small continental breakfast for the price, but at least they offered a really nice breakfast for around $10.

Typically I stay at this property due to proximity to my customers in Peoria as well as Scottsdale and Bell Road.
They always have competitive rates, it is a fantastic new facility with very helpful and friendly staff and they are close to a lot of amenities at Norterra.

This hotel is a good value for the location and the amenities.
Checking in was simple and quick.
The staff was very helpful and knowledgable.
It's a good place to stay for fans coming to watch spring training games or any of the various sporting events within the Greater Phoenix area.
It's far enough to save on price but not to far to take too long to arrive.
My only reason for the one less star is because of the shower.
It has the arc shower pole which is a nice feature but not if the inside shower curtain doesn't reach the tub.
This caused water to get all over the bathroom floor and had to waste towels to clean it up.
I hope the Marriott can fix this to make the stay a lot better.

I stayed at this Marriott while visiting my family.
It's priced right and the staff was very accomodating however, I will not be staying here again.
The property was filthy...there were ants everywhere, the rooms were dirty and the worst was the pool.
Just thinking about it is giving be goosebumps.
The pool was lined with algae and dirt and around the pool was even worse.
There were bee's and other bugs all over the place, cigarette's, ashes and debris all over.
I even saw someone cleaning the pool who did retrieve some of the large leaves, etc.
out of the pool but completely ignored the grime that had built up over probably years of negligence.
They didnt bother to sweep or spray off around the pool and therefore I couldnt even bring myself to sit in the sunshine or walk without shoes on.
We tried to enjoy a cup of coffee on the courtyard between the two properties and I had to stand because of how dirty everything was.

This Courtyard has been recently remodeled with their new(ish) lobby concept and refreshed rooms.
It is almost like checking into a new hotel.
The employees were friendly and helpful.
Wifi was fast.
TV had great selections.
The hotel shares a courtyard with the Residence Inn.
It is down the road and across the street from a newer strip mall with great restaurant selection.

My wife and I checked in on Easter afternoon for 1 night.
We were in a King room on the 5th floor.
We were very impressed with the customer service at check in, the recently renovated room and the overall cleanliness of the property.
This is a renovated property which sometimes makes me laugh at some hotels use of the word "renovated" only to find a new shower curtain and carpet.
This property was done right.
The room is set up different than any other courtyard we have stayed, the bathtub was completely removed and replaced with a very large nice shower.
We very much enjoyed our stay and can tell the property is managed well.

