I absolutely LOVE this place.
I usually always get the SIRLOIN MARSALA so we only come here on occasions since it's a little pricier than just a standard night out (but still a good price for steak).
But the food is amazing, the bread and dip are delicious, and the atmosphere is not flashy and perfect for dates.
I have had the CHICKEN PARMESAN which was tasty too, but I just can't get enough of the marsala sauce.
Never have been disappointed here, or any other Carrabbas in fact.
A co-worker of mine brings leftovers in to work every so often and it makes my mouth water, even though I would never have thought of that dish as good (egg plant gross).
The seasonings make anything seem appetizing.
More than enough food at one time so I rarely get dessert, although I never mind that since I am left completely satisfied.

Sad to give this place a 1 star cause I love the food, and every time I have been to any Carrabba's it has been amazing (food wise) but this specific one gets a ONE STAR FOR POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
We got to the place and they said about 5 min wait, and since we have kids, that was perfect - if it was longer we would have went somewhere else....so we wait and wait and wait ...
I go ask and they say they are working on getting our table.
Long story short they forgot about us and we ended up waiting almost 45 min before we got seated....we decided to stay so long because we thought it was "almost ready" and did not expect it to turn out the way it did.
Then the waiter got our food messed up - good thing everything on the menu is good because my wife got half of mine, and I got half of hers and then the waiter goes nuts trying to blame everyone else  Very unprofessional!
Horrible service and will probably not go back to this one again unless they convince me otherwise!

Let me first start off saying that I LOVE Carraba's.
I know that it is a chain, but as a chain goes it goes out of it's way to fool your taste buds into thinking that you are actually eating artfully prepared Italian cuisine at a more casual and affordable atmosphere.
They will tailor to your requests for your food to be prepared a certain way, even if it isn't on the menu.
I prefer to have a steak, but the Steak Bryan, which is a filet, or a another cut of steak with their special goat cheese, basil, and sun dried tomato on top.
Another worthy mention is their grilled chicken dishes.
Too many places love to over cook chicken then flavor it after the fact, but at Carrabba's you know they marinate them which keeps them juicy.
I am sorry that Matt had a bad review on service, because I will tell you that they have FABULOUS service.
Every place has their bad nights, but this particular Carrabbba's knows how to treat their customers.
We visited one night and they forgot our appetizer.
We were in a hurry and we told them to not worry about it, but in return they apologized profusely and gave us a coupon for a free appetizer for the next visit and a free desert.
When we arrived home, my 3 year old daughter had left her small puzzle there and my husband went back to retrieve it, but it was gone.
It wasn't a big deal, but a few days later, the manager (I think owner as well) James called us at home to again apologize and said that he had bought some puzzles and that when we came in again to ask for them.
I was speechless, and had never had such wonderful customer service.
We went in and he gave us not just one, but four puzzles, and of course made sure that everything went to our liking.
I cannot recommend this location enough and have told my friends and family of our experience.
WONDERFUL location, GREAT service, and FABULOUS food!

Three point six seven nine stars.
I have some gift cards from Carrabba's and I must say that even though I am fairly anti-chain and pro-independent...Carrabba's ain't half bad.
As a matter of fact it's better than half good.
The service here was outstanding and the food was well beyond just ok - better than I was expecting from a chain.
We ordered several things to share amongst the family - spaghetti with meatballs, chicken caeser salad, mozzarella sticks.
I particularly enjoyed the chicken caesar salad.
I still prefer independents but Carrabba's is a safe chain apparently.
I think.

This is a great place to eat!
Great service and great food!
We'll be back for sure!

Went for a late dinner.
I've been a fan of this chain for years.
I was surprised it was still so busy at almost 8pm (I know, 8pm isn't late, but it is when you're used to eating with your kids at 6) !
We were seated right away even though it was busy, but the service was a little on the slow side after that.
That usually doesn't bother me though, I see it's busy and we weren't in a hurry.
We split one meal, and they were kind enough to bring it out on separate plates.
LOVE the Chicken Bryan, it's the only thing I've ever had to eat there besides the Lobster Ravioli, which is also excellent.

They really focous on the grill part.
The meul is full of griled chicken, meat and a fish item.
There also are pizzas and pastas.
My main grip with this place i having highly adulterated dishes, go to italy and fettuccine Alfredo means, noodles and sauce, no chicken.
The theme is carries out thought the menu, in a poor attempt to seem original lobster, sausage or chicken is added to most traditional dishes.
This left me a vegetarian with only a few choices, I went with the Grilled salmon (no sauce) with the garlic mashed potato.
The salmon was a  standard farm raised variety and typically over cooked for my tastes.
The potatoes were decent as enough garlic and butter can make anything good.
($17)  I did like the bread here but that is not enough of a reason to get me back.
A long wait for mediocre Salmon at a less than stellar price.

The food is great but this location's customer service is poor.
We had made reservations and specifically told the hostess and the server is was a birthday celebration.
We were introduced by one server but only saw her one time after she took our drink order.
The rest of the service was done by three other people and they had no communication among each other.
It took about 20 minutes to get our salads then our food was brought out not even two minutes later.
In the process of trying to make room for more plates my drink was spilled.
I assumed they would bring me a new one but it never came.
So eventually I had to ask for another one and the server asked me if I was serious.
I have been to the carrabbas in chandler on ray and the 10.
Everything there was FANTASTIC!
I was completely thrown off by the gilbert location's poor service and how rushed they made us feel.
They knew it was a birthday dinner but made the only memorable moment of the evening their poor service.
I will never go back to this location again.

Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous!
From the clean facility, to the friendly staff to the amazingly delicious food .
Carrabba's rocks!
IF you want to be wined and dined .
this is the place.
What a blessing to have them in the east valley.
Blessings to them as they provide quality service at a moderate price  :  ) KC

Once I tried their steak, I knew I'd be going against the old adage: Don't go to an Italian restaurant for a steak.
Went on a Friday night.
Ordered a modified antipasti appetizer.
Was kind of surprised at the skimpy portions, for a $12 appetizer.
Good taste though.
Love the fried zucchini, as they were cut like french fries and battered.
The sirloin was tasty, although the Marsala was a bit scanty.
My daughter loved her Pollo Rosa Maria, but found the baked veggies to appear less than appetizing (although she appreciated the healthy cooking method).
My salmon had a great consistency and was flavorful, but had a smidge of a fishy taste.
The tiramisu had a strong rum flavor, and did not rank well against others I've had from different eateries.
Without alcohol, dinner, beverages and 1 dessert for 3 was close to $100 with tip.

We loave carrabbas, the food is always great and the service friendly.

This is the best restaurant chain EVER!!!!
I love EVERYTHING there and the service has always been A+.
The fried zucchini strips (appetizer) are the best in the world, the Caesar salad is the best I ever had, even their croutons on the salad are better than any!!!
Olive oil herb dip is Fabulous, the warm bread is like no other.
Most of the dinners that I have tried have been excellent but the Chicken Bryan is magnificent.
Waiters and manager the best.

I'm no stranger to good Italian food, and I wasn't expecting anything special but I was knocked out by the quality of Carrabba's food.
The tomato basil soup was absolutely fresh, with complex flavors, texture, and spice, along with lovely wilted basil leaves to top it off.
I thought this would be chain restaurant stuff, and it's really quite a few steps higher quality than its price point.
I loved the olive oil dip and bread (which I tried not to overeat), and my husband and I shared each other's entree.
I'll be back!
Highly recommended.
Attentive service too.

As chain restaurants go, Carraba's is pretty dang good.
Good menu choices with some innovative choices, nice atmosphere, consistently good wait staff in my experience, and fair prices.
MUCH better than Olive Garden IMHO, in all respects.
When it comes to Italian, I prefer the mom & pop joints with red & white checked tablecloths, 50-yr old Olympia beer signs covered in dust, and Grandpa sitting over in the corner at "his" table all night, monitoring the goings-on.. but when one of those joints isn't available, Carraba's isn't a bad choice at all.

...and the 1 star is being super kind.
My husband and I walked into the restaurant around 8:30 pm and was seated by a hostess that never made eye contact with us.
Never.
Then we were helped by a server that, and I'm almost positive, hates her job and doesn't want to be there.
Again, no eye contact but whatever.
We started off with the mozzarella- horrible.
It came out still dripping in grease and the taste was of old cooking oil.
I had the fettuccini and it was terrible.
I've had better out of a jar at home.
Our bill was stupid for the amount of crappy food that we had.
I usually feel bad saying terrible things about a joint but not in this case.
They should just shut it down.
I am confident in my next statement- I will never, in my life, eat at this place even if it's between life and death.
I'd much rather die.
On the plus side, the water was cold.

We frequent Carrabbas since it close to our house.
I have never had to wait for a table more then about 15 minutes and that was on a busy Friday night.
Everyone is always very polite.
I always get the Veal Piccatta because.. well I love it.
It comes with garlic mashed potatoes that are soooo good.
Their bread and oil for dipping are also splendid!
MMM - They also have a very good Parmesean dressing for salads that my daughter puts away by the handful (she is 2 haha!
) All in all it is a moderately priced, delicious, quick meal which is very important when you have a 2 year old :)

Ate here with friend, while in Arizona to judge horse show.
Noticed that many exhibitors were also here.
Smelled great--waiter very attentive-wait maybe 10 minutes, on a Friday night.
Good bread and olive oil escarpeta-parmesan.
I had lemonade, she had iced tea-OK.  Had whitefish that was really good.
She had chicken w/proscutto & cheese-center was a bit raw--was taken away and re-cooked.
Chef came out and was polite, but dancing--- Had it not been for that, would be  4 stars--would go there again

My wife and I will not go back to this unit.
So inconsistent....service, food, etc.....
The unit in Mesa is much more consistent.
4 more miles to drive but I am tired of being disappointed.

After having been told by my cousin and neighbors how good this place was, I finally visited with my family last Saturday night.
It was delicious.
The bread is to die for along with the pasta side that comes with the meat meals.
Very good.
I will never go to Olive Garden again.

These guys make the best Chicken Marsala on the planet!!
Well done!

I don't expect a lot from chain Italian restaurants (which begs the question why did I go here...because the place I wanted to go to is closed on Monday) but surprisingly it wasn't horrible.
The wife had Pasta Weesie.
Except for the name, it was actually pretty good although when I tasted it I found the mushrooms in it to be a bit salty.
I had Chicken & Spinach Cannelloni not bad.
As an aside, Cannelloni, normal name for an italian dish as opposed to Pasta Weesie...see was that hard?
For reasons I'm still trying to figure out we ordered Italian Sangria.
First, Weesie pasta and now Italian Sangria.
What's that all about?
But aside from my cognitive dissonance with their naming convention for things on the menu the only thing they should really rethink is the whole Italian Sangria.
Way to sweet and had a weird cinnamon after taste.
Granted cinnamon was one of the ingredients in the drink but between the sweetness and the cinnamon I'll be real happy if I don't end up gacking the stuff back up.
So to summarize, food not bad.
Sangria, something to take a pass on.

The food is great, but the service leaves a lot to be desired.
I particularly dislike it when the hostess says "How are we doing tonight"?
Then the server says "what would we like to eat tonight?
" when he come back to take the order.
That's so rude and condescending.
We got the bum's rush as far as service is concerned.
We were in and out in 35 minutes!
I never got offered a refill on my iced tea either!
Next time I am going to one of the independent Italian restaurants in town.

From a chain Italian restaurant you can't usually expect much, but Carrabba's does very well.
Some of the friendliest service we have experienced at a chain restaurant.
Very accommodating with special requests, and with the staff that we have had on our visits we can tell that they enjoy having people in their restaurant.
The oil olive served with the bread is amazing with the cracked spices (you can buy the spice mix to take home!).
I remember the calamari being nice and crisp but not too greasy, and the other items in the appetizer combo were very tasty (I enjoyed the Bruschetta quite a bit).
One of the entrees we ordered was a chicken dinner and it was cooked very well.
I do remember one thing on our visit very well; the Tiramisu.
Although initially I was not hit with the boldness of liquor, after dinner I felt the alcohol more than any other Tiramisu I have had.
I love a strong Tiramisu, and this one met that in addition to being rich, creamy, and sized just right for two people to share.
Lots to try on the menu, very friendly staff, super accommodating with regards to dietary needs, and fair priced food make Carrabba's a good choice for a reliable Italian restaurant in a casual setting.

This Carrabba's is just 'ok'.
I went in with a friend a couple hours before they closed.
It was the typical olive garden/italian chain decor with dim lighting.
The host seated us promptly, and our server said hello right away.
The service itself was great.
She answered all of our questions, and made  a lot of suggestions.
I ended up ordering the Chicken Bryan Ravioli, and my friend ordered the Seafood Cannelloni.
It definitely smelled like seafood.
With each meal a soup or salad was included, along with complimentary bread and olive oil with herbs.
I probably should have ordered something else, but I had hiked camelback mountain and I was starving.
The shredded chicken inside reminded me of what canned cat food looks like...
It tasted ok, but didn't look that good.
Portions were a bit small, and the sangria tasted like Juice.
Nothing was wrong with the service, the manager even stopped by to ask how everything was.
I would go back here, but I think I'll keep it more simple with what I order.
Maybe just a chicken parm, or alfredo.
If you want to try food that is a step above Olive Garden, go here.
If you just want free stuff, and average service- go to Olive Garden or Brio's Tuscan Grille.
I really did like our waitress and would go back just because of that.

Some family members were in AZ for the week and on their last night we had a large group meet for dinner at this Carraba's.
My boyfriend, Sister, and myself were the first to arrive and told the hostess we would have a group of 8 and she sat us at a large table in the bar section.
We had a lot of room because the area was pretty empty, but the table was very high and the chairs we so awkward to move because they were all squeezed in next to the others, plus no space at all for purses so I had to put mine on the ground under my feet, sad face!
I was smiling when I saw it was still happy hour and all drinks were half off.
After a vodka cran with lime I was ready to check out the menu.
There were a few apps also half off so we ordered some bacon onion flatbread to munch on while we waited for the rest of our party.
Time passed and everyone arrived, but not our flatbread.
Our friends and family ordered some calamari, and another flatbread.
A few minutes later their calamari came out, still no flatbread!
I asked and finally another waitress came out carrying it.
It was decent, nothing amazing.
I ate more of the calamari.
After looking through the menu I decided on some type of chicken spinach stuffed pasta.
Our waiter brought out some very heavy bread to dip in olive oil and herbs.
I was eagerly waiting the main courses to come out, and about fifteen minutes later a woman came out calling my dishes name, I was ready for a plate to be placed on the table but instead I saw her empty handed.
She informed me they were out of my dishes ingredients and they would not have another delivery of them for some time.
This tells me two things, one they probably order this dish frozen and reheat it in the kitchen because how can a restaurant not have pasta shells, chicken, and spinach to throw together?
Those are total staples.
And two, our waiter was not on his A-game because it had been over FIFTEEN minutes since we ordered and he couldn't come out sooner to let me know?
So then I had to quickly scan the menu and to be honest nothing else sounded even close to what I felt like eating so I just went with some combo of lasagna and chicken parm.
Not only would I be waiting longer but I filled up on breads and drinks.
When my dish finally did come out I tried two bites, the lasagna was overpowered with ricotta and totally turned me off.
The chicken parm was alright, the breading was burnt black in some parts and the chicken was bland.
The next time I saw our waiter I asked for a box and one of their after dinner boozy coffee drinks and asked him to not charge it to the bill in return for them not having what I originally ordered.
He looked surprised and said he had heard about someone not getting what they ordered but didn't know it was me and apologized and said he would see what he could do about comping my drink.
I don't know if that ended up happening because I wasn't the one paying the bill, but I was disappointed in their confusion.
The coffee drink helped me leave in a better mood but not enough to make me want to return.

I LOVE this place, it is one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the Phoenix area.
We went here for New Years Eve and only had to wait a 1/2 hour and received excellent service and got to choose from the full menu.
They have fantastic wine here.
The bread is DELICIOUS with their olive oil and herb mixture.
That's a big part of an Italian restaurant experience too.
I usually order the Chicken Parmesan, it is too die for, their marinara and spicy red sauces are both the bomb.
Everything else I've tried here has been really tasty too.
The Caesar salad is great, very fresh tasting.
So family friendly, we always bring the kids.
Definitely recommend it!

Food has always been great and service pretty good here.
Their pasta dishes are awesome (what I usually get, I'm not adventurous by any means) and they have huge portions, so cost isn't a huge deal because I usually get 2 meals out of one...it's called portion-control people!
I've been here probably 5-6 times with my family over the last 3 years and have never had even a semi-questionable experience.
Carrabba's over Olive Garden anyday.

This one used to be a regular for us.
They have progressively removed gluton free options to the point that the remaining food options are undesirable.
They also changed proprietors and the customer service is not what it used to be.
We will no longer eat here.

This restaurant is expensive for the little amount of food you receive.
Environment is quaint and the service was good.
The bread was very delectable.
I most likely will not return because of the price.
Look for coupons online before you head over to the restaurant.

I had a very good dinner with my wifey!
Great service, good and tasty dinner, and good atmosphere:).
Recommend Carrabas at San Tan for wholesome dinner out with family.
Great values what you get!

Our favorite!!!!
So many people over look their famous chicken dishes and dont forget their yummy steak!!!
We love the Pollo Rosa Maria, Chicken Bryan, Sirloin with Marsala sauce..
They have amazing mussels, bread, The Best Sangria, The house salad dressing "creamy Parmesan" Yummy Alfredo sauce too, (hard to find good sauce)!!
Go try it, youll be glad you did!

This is our go to dinner restaurant.
Service is great, food is  even better and the blackberry sangria makes me happy :) Try the Chicken Bryan and don't be afraid of the goats cheese.
I didn't think I'd like it but I tasted a friends and the cheese is smooth and mild.
Since that taste almost two years ago I haven't ordered anything but Chicken Bryan.
The bread and herb oil is delicious too.

We were pleasantly surprised about this restaurant!
Expecting more of an Olive Garden "vibe", it exceeded our expectations.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because of the slightly unorganized service.
Our waitress was friendly and great with the kids, but once I had to go to the bar to get my husband's diet coke and we had to ask other wait staff for help a couple times because our waitress was nowhere to be found.
I think our table was far from her actual "section".
But when we did see her (which always seemed to be seconds after we flagged another server) she was awesome!
And the food...also AWESOME!!
From the bread to the Cesar side salads to the pasta dishes, we enjoyed everything!
My husband had the Mezzaluna pasta dish which I tasted...yummy!
I had one of the special "wood fired" pasta dishes ( not on normal menu)....penne pasta with chicken in a pesto cream sauce with some kind of yummy melted cheese (mozzerellaish).
I wanted to finish it all, but I had to stop and take the rest home.
The warm soft bread they bring you with the olive oil for dipping was so good, too (probably why I couldn't finish my pasta).
My 2 year old loved the corkscrew pasta with Alfredo sauce, which we were able to custom order for him and my other two enjoyed the chicken fingers.
All around, everyone was happy!
We will definitely be coming back!

I had ordered on the phone for my order to go.
When I picked my order up it was fast.
So when I got home I could not believe the small portions that was in the the bag.
I had ordered the penne franco  and the Italian classics dishes.
For the amount they charge it is a ripoff.
My strong suggestion is to head over to Romano's Macaroni Grill.
Much more worth it.

We realize that if we want some good Italian food, our hands are pretty much tied.
For my wife's birthday, we wanted something a little more than Oregano's and a little less pricey than Tutti Santi.
Let's face it, Carrabba's is just that middle man and their recent advertising spree had our mouths watering with images of plates filled with authentic looking Italian delights!
What we received however was a cross between what I would expect Astronaut food and Jail food to taste like.
Before I unleash my furor, I would like to say that there were a few positives regarding our experience.
The kids loved the mozzarella sticks.
The bread was piping hot.
The water and the drinks were cold.
The pasta portion of my wife's dinner was hot.
The waitstaff and manager were "nice".
Starting with our server, she was nice enough but I am certain that she had neither washed her uniform or her hair in the past two week and on a 4-top, was handing us our drinks rather than placing them on the table.
Who cares right?
Terrible service is the norm here in Gilbert.
At least she was nice.
When our appetizer arrived, the calamari was literally inedible.
It wasn't burned either, it was a light golden brown in color.
Of course it is frozen calamari, of course it comes in a bag... We aren't sitting on a pier in San Francisco, I get it but I swear, this bag had been sitting open at the back of the freezer collecting every bit of flavor the other foods had to offer while simultaneously losing every molecule of moisture.
This stuff tasted like cardboard... origami calamari anyone?
The manager graciously took the calamari away from us and gave us more mozzarella sticks... deep fried luxury right there.
Sadly, he had the nerve to offer us more calamari.
I could go on and on but the bottom line is that the food was sub-par.
Worse than my already low expectations could handle.
Now, I fully understand that managers and cooks are people too but the managers really need to step their game up at that location.
Make sure your staff look professional.
Not disheveled, greasy and dirty.
Look at the food you are serving.
My calamari was paper thin.
My chicken Marsala came with 2 half full scoops of (instant?
) mashed potatoes and a double (not cut in half) chicken breast covered in overly salty, non-cooked off raw wine tasting "mushroom" sauce.
Cover the salad in the walk in... the grated carrots tasted like EVERYTHING in the walk in.
I doubt that anyone deliberately did anything to sabotage our meals just the same as I doubt anyone thought they were doing anything wrong... which is the most frightening part.

This was my first time eating at a Carrabba's and it's not that I had high hopes, but this restaurant was horrendous and completely killed my desire to ever eat at a Carrabba's again.
It was one of the most uncomfortable situations I have ever experienced at a restaurant.
Happy hour was going on and me and my boyfriend were eyeing some blackberry lemonade, seems innocent right?
I ordered one, thinking it was just lemonade with blackberry syrup in it.
The waiter never asked for my ID nor mentioned anything of this blackberry lemonade being alcoholic.
I received the drink and noticed it was in a fancy glass, not one that I could hurriedly drink due to being parched.
My boyfriend then asked a waiter passing by if the drink was alcoholic and she had no idea.
A couple of minutes pass, and then BAM!
The bartender comes out of nowhere demanding to see my ID to see if I was older than 21, which luckily I was, but who knows what would have happened if I wasn't.
She then walks off as if it's okay to bombard a table for something that they had no idea about nor did anything wrong.
Our waiter then shows up out of  nowhere, just says my mistake, doesn't offer me anything else to drink or even if I want to keep the alcoholic drink.
I refused to drink it and got an ice tea instead.
And for the rest of my meal I was treated like an outcast.
My server refused to look me in the eye and no longer directed questions towards me or cared to see if I was doing okay.
ONE OF THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE AND AWKWARD SITUATIONS I HAVE EVER HAD AT A RESTAURANT.
It was like I was in time out until I left the restaurant and that I was the criminal.
I am NEVER going back to Carrabba's, and besides, Olive Garden's food is way better than the tasteless crap they serve here.
Needless to say we still left 20% because I use to work as a server, but I did not leave a tip based on service or performance it was out of sheer generosity.

This is one of my all time favorite (stateside) Italian restaurants.
The service is always friendly, the food is always large portions, piping hot, and delicious!
I see some people have left negative reviews, weather it be from service, or food... but I'm here to say that I've never had a single bad experience here.
I think our favorite part is the bread with oil and herbs they give you while you wait for your meal... no need to buy an appetizer as the bread is so damn good especially when you dip it in the herb oil.
Talking with our waiter the last time we were there, we discovered that they are going to be changing up their menu a bit.
They are bringing in some new classic Italian fare, and removing some of their less popular dishes.
I think the new menu sounds amazing, and personally can't wait to try it out.
Anyhow, if you love good Italian at a decent price, then you should try Carrabba's... Much better then Olive Garden IMHO.

Our favorite local Italian restaurant!
The bread and the dipping oil with herbs is just amazing.
Hubby and I had about three of their little loaves, thank you very much.
Started out with the chicken zucchini flatbread appetizer.
It was fresh and delicious.
Wouldn't have minded if it was a smidge larger, though.
Our beverages were a raspberry Italian soda and some Italian beer on tap - both were great tasting!
I ordered the tilapia for my entrée, and the piece of fish I received was massive.
Also I upgraded my side to the fettuccine Alfredo.
I was not disappointed.
My husband opted for the linguine Pescatore.
After placing our order, our super nice waitress, Alli, returned to our table to report that the kitchen did not have mussels for my husband's linguine dish.
To compensate for the missing item, he was given extra amounts of shrimp & scallops - score!
Since this was a complete splurge meal, we finished off with their Chocolate Dream dessert.
Ummm...yum!
Great atmosphere, great food, great staff, decent prices.
Will definitely be returning.
(Just not right away - I'm still trying to burn off these calories....)

Do not go to this specific location !!!
We went hear for a birthday, had a party of 9 and were stuck there for hours because we has an old waiter that Totally had no business being a waiter !
Took him an hour to just get us drinks !!
Then another hour to order our food.
We could not find him half the time !!
We were calling other waiters to tell them that he has not returned to our table for at least 30 mins !!!!
The kids were so hungry by this point we had to order their food first and tell him to put that order in then come back to refill drinks and order the rest of our food !!
Finally after 3 1/2 hours we got our food and had to call him back at least 5 times to get us items we ordered like salad and appetizers that he forgot to bring us.
No manager around .
We left without even get 2 appetizers !
He had so much fun cracking jokes he forgot what he was even doing there .
And my daughters fettuccine had a long grey hair in it !!
Do not eat here if you want good service and dinner in less then 3 1/2 hours !

Horribly rude hostess to begin with..... We went to seat ourselves at the bar, and she came up raised her voice saying she can only sit us and to go back in front and wait.
There was not a crowd or wait, the place was over half empty!!!!
Then our waiter who was CLUELESS brought our drinks, the overly-salted shrimp diablo and the fishy smelling mussels.
Totally forgot our soups, he never apologized either so we paid our bill and went to BRIO where the service and food blows this shameful place away!

My family loves Carrabas and always orders the same thing.
We came on a busy Friday night and had no problem waiting the 45 minutes to be seated.
Once we were, the waitress took our drink orders- soda for my husband and I and milk for my toddler.
Literally 20 minutes later she came back with water.
I reminded her that we had ordered sodas and she apologized and said she'd be right back.
We waited.
And waited.
She came back 15 minutes later, no drinks in hand for our food order.
We again asked for our drinks and ordered our food, asking that my son's kids meal come with the appetizer as he was starving.
We witnessed her for the next 30 minutes talking with customers at the bar who were apparently friends, and finally grabbed an older man out of uniform, who I assume was the manager and asked if our food would be much longer.
15 minutes later he, ( not her) dropped off freezing cold food at our table with not so much as a word.
After one bite I got up, tracked him down (waitress still nowhere in sight), and told him the food was cold.
He offered to have it remade but by this time we had been sitting for an hour and my patience had grown thin.
He popped it in the microwave and we ate as quickly as we could to get out of there.
Now we have a cranky 2 year old, a cranky pregnant momma (me), and HaHa, still no sodas.
Bill came, we paid and left.
I emailed corporate via Facebook and they called me immediately and were beyond apologetic.
They wanted to know our server's name, but I simply wanted to inform them of the problem, not get anyone fired so I declined.
They sent me a $50 gift card and we returned on a less busy week night.
Our server Adam was amazing, prompt, and all without knowing our dinner had been comped.
We will definitely be returning again, as I'm very happy with the way they settled my complaint.
And besides, their chicken marsala is hands down the best EVER!

I ordered curbside pickup for Mothers Day.
My pickup time was 6:20 pm.
I pulled up to the restaurant at exactly 6:21 pm and at that time there were 2 bags of food sitting outside on a table.
One employee was bouncing between cars and the restaurant dropping off and picking up the bills.
After five minutes he picked up one of the bags off the table and brought it to the car next to ours.
Next, our bill came and the employee apologized for the wait exclaiming that they've been busier than normal.
I told him we understood and he went on his way.
At 6:40 (19 minutes after we had arrived) a guy picked up the bag of food that had been sitting for 19+ minutes and hands it to me.
I said "no no no, that has been sitting there since we pulled up twenty minutes ago!
" His response was "I'll try to be quicker on my feet next time".
And then he ran inside.
By the time we get home our food had sat for 30+ minutes.
The food was cold and our appetizer was soggy.
It was aweful, a huge waste of money, and a disappointing Mother's Day dinner for my wife, my kids, and myself.
I can't imagine any restaurant deeming it acceptable or even safe to serve food under those conditions.
We have always loved eating at carrabbas but this experience really rubbed us the wrong way.
It is not right or safe to serve people food that has sat for that long.
I have made multiple attempts to contact Carrabbas and have yet to receive a response.

Loved it!!!
Great service, awesome food!!!
The decor wasn't amazing but it's my new fav Italian spot!

