Cookies Cookies Cookies!
I dropped in for lunch yesterday for the first time.
I had pure intentions of a healthy and well balanced meal......One of each cookie and a cup of yogurt and granola later I had so much sugar that it was hard to stand still for the rest of the day!
They each had a very unique flavor and that original recipe taste.
The granola was delicious with just the right crunch.
Very clean, and friendly service.
Now I that I got the goodies out of the way I'll have to go back for an actual meal.

I like Paradise Bakery, but if you have been to multiple locations or ever the same location multiple times, you know it can be hit or miss depending on who is making the salad.
This was the first time that the same person made salads and they were drastically different.
I met someone here for an early dinner/first date and spent time talking and getting to know each other.
The restaurant was not busy and provided a good setting for a meeting.
After about an hour, we made our way to the line and ordered salad.
The soup maven had to go in the back and fetch the salad lady.
My date ordered Greek salad with no onions and no olives, but add chicken.
The lady struggled with the successful completion of this challenging  order.
She started to add onions until my friend stopped her - then she started to add the olives, again being foiled.
She neglected to add the chicken until reminded.
My friend's bowl was about half full when completed.
She made her way down the line when the salad lady asked for my order.
I stuck with an Asian chicken salad (no substitutions or alterations), but then she discovered no tongs - so into the back she went and emerged three minutes later.
When completed, I had a heaping bowl of salad.
By this time my date already hit the register, paid for her own salad, picked up the drink and sat down to begin eating.
Normally I would have paid for both meals, but the salad delay thwarted my chivalrous attempt... My check out was uneventful and I joined her at the table.
Another issue with the restaurant was the temperature.
I can appreciate that this is Arizona and you need AC, but it isn't that hot out now.
The temperature must have been set for the dog days of August in the Deep South.
It was chilly and she was noticeable cold and shaking.
That made for uncomfortable eating and conversation (I am sure it wasn't my company).
She finished most of the salad and I maybe hit half before deciding to leave and head for warmer ground.
I know it is a small treat, but the signature item at Paradise Bakery is the chocolate chip cookie.
It is a bakery after all.
Try the 2 for 1 cookie, stuff your face with a few bites of each free sample or take home a dozen.
They are definitely worth it and provide an excellent happy finish to an otherwise healthy meal.
A little more consistency on the salad portions, some fine tuning of the timeliness with the salad preparations and a reasonable temperature would have made the evening more enjoyable.

I have to say that I've really never liked this place.
It was the "go to" spot for lunch at the Gainey Ranch location when I worked in that area, and I always dreaded it when my team suggested it.
It feels like an over-hyped, somewhat overpriced sandwich place that just doesn't hit the mark for me.
I'm not a big sandwich person anyway and their salads leave something to be desired.
They are soaked in too much dressing, odd tasting chicken with a somewhat slimy texture and I don't like the set-up of their counter service.
My mom was in town and she likes PB, so we shared a southwest chicken sandwich on a ciabatta roll and a southwest ceasar salad, maybe too much "southwest" in one meal, but it all tasted over dressed and the bread was tasteless.
She looked at me and said "we should have gone to Y.C.
's Mongolian BBQ for the same price.
"  I would have to agree.
I would actually give it 2.5 stars because I have enjoyed the quiche muffin when I'm in the mood for a protein snack (and there are no better options) and my friend swears by the breakfast croissant sandwich.

I like lunches there... too bad their coffee is horrible.
Someone needs to tell them to stop brewing their coffee at 170F and to get some decent beans to use.
You must wait 10 minutes to be able to drink the coffee just ot get it to cool down... they are clueless.

Went there for lunch today and got their salad / 1/2 sandwich combo.
Salad was a standard chicken caeser, nothing to write home about.
Got the turkey and cranberry sandwich, which was really good.
It's kind of pricey (paid just over $11 for the meal with a drink).
It's pretty standard food.
Nothing super special, but not crap, either.
If invited by someone else, I'll go back, but I probably won't be the one to suggest it.

If you have experienced the cookies at Paradise Bakery you're probably hooked.
While you can find several locations throughout the valley, the one on Germann and Gilbert is by far the best.
What sets this location apart from the rest is the staff.
It is apparent that they love their work, and they greet you with a sincere smile.
In this day and age it is rare to find employees that consistently offer superior service, and make you feel that they are truly honored and grateful that you choose their restaurant.
As for the location itself it is well kept and clean, and the food is fresh and always top notch.
So the next time you have that rumble in your tummy, treat yourself to Paradise Bakery.
And don't forget to take home a few cookies...the one that you get with your meal will have you craving for more when it's gone.

I'm hooked on this place!
I've always encountered friendly people working and never had to wait in line too long.
Food is always great!
I recently discovered their breakfast menu and love it!

The mango tea rules!
A bit pricey but the food is always good.
Robert Pfeifer

Bread bowls, salads, sandwiches  and COOKIES!
What more could you ask for?!
Beware of the Booth seating...this place gets

The fresh varieties of soups, salads, and sandwiches make it a great lunch spot.
Of course the cookies add to the perfect meal.

They have a lot of options but nothing really stands out as amazing to me... Definitely not worth price...

Awesome salads!

This is nuts.
We got into line and ordered sandwiches.
We moved forward and asked for soup.
The soup guy was a bit rude and told us we should have already ordered soup.
We got to the cashier and ordered our drinks.
She took our money and told my son that he needed to go back to the front of the line and they would make his drink.
His drink took another 15 minutes.
We had our food, we had our table and my son spends another 15 minutes to get his drink.
It would be so much easier if they had a person at the front if the line taking orders.
Food was great.
The bizarre ordering process gets this place one star.

I am sad that everytime I go here the service seems to be getting worse and worse and the quality of the food is diminishing as well.
This use to be my go to fave and now I feel like it is just a waste as I am never satisfied like I once was.
Why oh why do they have to change and make things worse?
I also have noticed it is not quite as busy as it once was, which also makes me believe others feel the same way.

I've been here twice and it is amazing !!!
I love their coconut chocolate chip cookies :) I ordered their croissant sandwich with all sorts of meat (kind of like a BLT) and it was sooooo tasty.
This particular location can get pretty busy around lunch time so if you're in a rush make sure to give yourself the extra time !!
Waiting is so worth it.
Prices are average :) highly recommend.

Great for breakfast or lunch.
My experience at this Paradise Bakery has always been good with service and food.
I've met up with friends, taken kids, had meetings here.
Works all the time.

I swear to you when I walk into a Paradise I feel like my IQ sinks to around 17.8. you can call me stupid but I feel like an absolute idiot trying to figure that place out -EVERY TIME.
Do I order here or there?
Do I pay  you here or there?
I already talked to that person and no I don't want soup.
Where do I put my dishes - do you take them?
GOOD LORD THIS PLACE IS CONFUSING.
The food is great but the experience of ordering food, waiting, and being questioned (I must look confused) is daunting to me enough that I don't really enjoy it.
I'm always paranoid that I will do something wrong and that makes the experience more difficult.
I am sure that other people are all good with ordering there - they are old pros.
However, I find it hard to believe that I am the only one that finds the ordering process to be too crazy.
Food: 4/5 Experience: 2/5

The 5 stars is for the great customer service we received yesterday by the manager.
1 star for Cashier with an attitude of "I really don't want to be here!
" It's sad as people without a job would love to be in her post ringing diners.
Everyone from from group noticed it.
4 stars for the food.
Some items we ordered were a bit on the salty side.
But manager remedied it by offering us food that may be less salty.
I hope he tried the soup and other items we returned so he can adjust the flavour.
Place was clean with a couple of tables requiring attention.
3 stars.
Will return here again.
Will recommend spot to others as well.

Staff was very unprofessional.
Wasn't greeted when I walked in.
Barely even got any eye contact.
Sandwhich maker glanced up at me and in a monotone voice asked, "Sandwhich".
Couldn't tell if it was a statement or a question.
Now, the manager in a black polo with gold name tag.
I lost track of how many things she "leaned" on.
Very disinterested when ringing me up, but then sees a couple co-workers a minute later and becomes the liveliest person in the store.. Not sure why she couldn't be just as friendly with me.
Enforce dress code as well please..
I find it hard to believe that a backward baseball cap, an untucked shirt, and no apron is the dress code standard.
Very unprofessional environment.
Sad thing is, I saw managers everywhere.
What did they do about it?
Nothing..

Food Quality and Selection - 4 star Atmosphere - 4 star Value - 3 star Overall Experience - 1 star Overall Rating - 1 star   I just tremble each time I walk into this place because their ordering process is so darn convoluted.
On my recent visit there the guy in front of me was departing from his ordering group (I think that's the concept) to come back in the flow to try to put a sandwich on his order.
We did the whole polite 'you go - no you go' thing back and forth and my family ended up ordering next and I felt like I was cutting in front of him.
Were we?
My family then ordered and I then proceeded to order the advertised Chicken Tortellini and Side Salad.
We moved down the line and I told the salad person that I just wanted a basic side salad at which point she said 'which one'?
To which I replied 'oh just a basic one here in the photo'.
She then tried to continue to explain the menu to me.
As this conversation evolved, I realized that my Chicken Tortellini - the one that was pictured - was not a soup but a pasta.
After noting this error on my part - I decided I didn't want to have to leave my 'ordering group' to go back to the beginning of the line and ask to barge in to the large group behind us to re-order and the pasta is 'more food' than soup and not wanting to be a glutton asked to cancel the salad.
That then became this huge ordeal as I may have already ordered the salad (did I?
) and my wife was like 'well get one if your paying for it!
' and I am like 'huh?
- that doesn't make sense - I don't want one'.
I spent the rest of the meal trying to explain to my family that Paradise stood nothing to gain in 're-inventing' age old ordering processes.
That their process is fundamentally broken and that I would guarantee that I am not the person with complaints about the process (Yelp is full of these sentiments - btw).
I also explained that common ordering processes are characterized as a set of synchronous processes (where one in the group steps up and completes, the next goes and completes, and so on, and if a change is needed it's made, it is done, and so on, and when you are done, you pay).
The person who designed this for Paradise wanted to achieve efficiencies by designing as what is essentially an asynchronous process where different things in the same order can happen all at once (like when your kids run over to bakery when you are at sandwiches and your wife is trying to order at salads) - and that this does work in cafeteria style ordering processes - but they ended up what seems like somewhere in between.
I would bet that it is as confusing for employees as it is for customers and that employees are probably not even really trained to the process effectively because it is so broken.
As such, the prevailing attitude becomes 'wing it' and it's no big deal and by the time you reach the end of the line the employees and customers end up hating each other.
Then when the next good customer comes through the line, the employee takes out all the prior frustrations of the day on the next victim.
In the end, the employees - who started out as 'good people' - just start to dislike their jobs and their customers a little bit less and less each day - which kills employee retention.
And in the end, the bizarro ordering process makes the whole world a worse-off place to be.
My family, of course, just thought I was making a big scene and made comments like 'Dad - your just getting old and grumpy' and tried to explain the salad ordering processes.
My assertions that this is about much more than a salad order fell on deaf ears and my wife stated was acting like my mother (that is a 'major slam' btw).
The experience is fixable.
Panera has a similar menu/similar concept and I have never had an issue with Panera.
Jason's deli has a similar ordering concept.
In both cases, you figure out what you all want.
Order and pay.
Pick-up some of the food at the end and the rest comes out later.
It's simple, streamlined, and easy to understand.
Alternatively, they could go with the cafeteria style ticketing process.
They need one or the other, but the two don't mix.
Ok - all that being said here is the menu item that brought all of this to a head.
The picture on the web it is more clear that the Paradise item is a pasta and not a soup - but from a distance I was thinking it was a hearty soup.
It's an honest mistake - but one that was clearly compounded in this case by the multi-faceted ordering process.
Chicken Tortellini Alfredo (the item advertised by Paradise as neither soup nor pasta)       http://paradisebakery.com/whatnew_menu_items.php?random=1277419851957.1  Chicken Tortellini Alfredo Soup...       http://allrecipes.com/recipe/tortellini-florentine-soup/

There has been some turn over at this location but I used to come here all the time and the staff was excellent.
I can't speak to the recent changes that some people have been experiencing.
Within the last year or so they have also done a pretty major overhaul to their menu.
If you haven't been to a paradise bakery, it would be worth checking  out if your a fan of their style of fare.

What more can I say!?
This place is fantastic for a chain.
They are very friendly and the have a great business model!
The food leaves something to be desired, but that doesn't mean it isn't good.
They are a bakery after all!

