I grabbed a quick lunch here with a co-worker after we were traveling for what it seems like FOREVER.
Since it was already after two when we sat down, we decided to get one appetizer and one sandwich to share.
We started with Tempera Spicy Crab Roll and then moved on to the Triple Decker Sandwich.
Both were very good and HUGE!
The Tempera Spicy Crab Roll was my favorite.
The only problem I had was that the roll was so big.
It was so big that I couldn't fit the whole thing in my mouth - I literally had to cut it in half.
The Triple Decker Sandwich was just as big, I had to eat it in sections.
Great place to come with an appetite.

Be prepared to pay a lot for your entree, coffee, dessert etc..
Typical Vegas restaurant just like the rest of the the strip all pricey and but the food was excellent and the service was perfect.
I ordered the Buffalo Wings $12and French Fries $8, onion rings $8 and glass of ice water.
$0    After the waitress took my order, I received my glass of water right away and my food came 15 minutes which isn't too bad and the servers were always checking up on me if the food was ok and if I needed a refill.
The buffalo wings were perfectly cooked an the sauce was just right and not too spicy, the onion rings were deep fried and very crispy and so were the French Fries.
I felt very taken care of and looked out for and that left me with a good impression on the Paradise Cafe but the price is a little to high for the kind of food ordered but hey    IT'S VEGAS!!
The waitress said we are allowed to bring food from the hotel restaurants (BB Kings, BLT, CPK, Carnegie Deli and Blizz from Yogurt) and not every hotel allows you to bring hotel food to the pool or even bottled water.
So that was a good tip.

We tried this twice.
3 for me means I would go here.
We had good quick lunch and good quick breakfast here outside of the less than attractive inside w casino.

Worst breakfast!
Stone cold and just bad.
Probably find better eggs in a McMuffin.
Typical Vegas but what choice do you have?

