This place is great!
I just sold them an extra car I had been trying to sell privately for 2 weeks.
The process is so SIMPLE.
It took 30 minutes for them to appraise the car and make an offer that is good for 7 days.
They offered $1000.00 more than any other dealer we took the car to.
Everyone is super friendly and there are not greasy salesmen to be found.
We returned 5 days later to take them up on their offer.
We dropped off the paperwork and the car and left for about 30 minutes.
By the time we got back everything was done!
We signed a few documents and they gave us the check.
(You don't have to buy one of their cars either).
I have never had a better experience at a dealership.
HIGHLY recommended.
Note: I did not BUY a car from them I only sold them mine, but I'm sure they would make that just as easy!

Buying a car is usually a painful experience.
Not so at Carmax.
They've got a *great* website, with tons of photos of a fantastic selection of used cars.
You can practically shop on-line, then go to Carmax for a test drive.
Their in-house financing had extremely competitive rates.
No smarmy used car salesmen.
No "bait & switch" offers.
Just straight shooting, no hassle pricing.
And the prices are VERY good.
The car we bought had a non-functioning navigation system.
We knew this up front -- Carmax promised to fix it.
I'll admit, my first thought was, "You watch, this is going to be a pain in the ass".
I was wrong.
We brought the car back, they provided a loaner and we were on our way.
Turns out they had to get it to a dealer, and they took care of all that.
Picked the car up the next day.
Their service area is immaculate, and everyone we interacted with -- the sales person, the finance people and the service people were all first class.
It's as painless as car buying can get.

In a nutshell, CARMAX did everything they said they would.
When I told them, I needed the vehicle sooner, than a week.
they said, it would arrive in two days and it did?!!
Wow... a car dealership that does what it says it will?
.... Then when test driven the transmission was skipping, they said they would have BMW check it out and get back to me in two days and again, CARMAX did get back to me in two days and replaced the sensor.
l was comparing two vehicles (one new) MINI Scottsdale and a used one from Carmax.
I ended up buying from Carmax cause they did everything they said, they would and super nice on top of it.
No "car salesman" type here.
Highly reccommend!

Ok, let me give you a real honest review of Carmax.
They get two stars cause the guy I met with was awesome (wish I remembered his name).
Other then that ... Let me really tell you about carmax.
They give you an appraisal (takes about 30 min) and they say they give you fair value after all marketing costs etc.
ORLY?
My vehicle was going to get me 16k for a trade in at dealer across the street, and books at 18,100.
Their offer?
12k.
It's gonna cost 4-6k to market.
I think not.
If you are looking to sell your car, go to craigslist, autotrader or ads or put a sticker on your window.
You will get more money.
Fair value?
When even a dealership (normal one) offers me more.
You know there's something wrong.
My 2 cents is all this is though ...  Oh yea and they will email you results.
The info you give them will get you emailed and snail mailed ...
Constantly.
You have been warned.

WORST DEALERSHIP EVER!!!!!!
The whole time I was there bragged about how great their customer service was and how great of a company they are but completely over promised and under delivered.
The 4 hours that I spent there started ok and they gave me a nice offer to buy my car, but when I founda car with them that I wanted to buy it seemed like nobody knew what to do.
The sales messed up on a credit application twice, didn't really help me find the car I was looking for so I had to do it, when I found he car I wanted the "put in an order" for it to be brought to AZ for me but then later I found out that they didn't and someone bought the car from under me.
Now, I understand that these guys sell cars everyday but normal people don't BUY cars very offten.
So for me to walk into a store and make the choice to give them $200 dollars to get a car transferd from one state to another I want to be treated like my purchase means something.
They FAILED!!!
Don't buy from them at all they don't know what they are doing.

Why sell your car to Carmax?
Because it is Fast, easy and reliable.
I was ordering a difficult to find car from an out of state because the local dealers insisted on ripping me off.
The general attitude on my trade from several local dealers was 13 - 15,500.
That was after haggleing for a good deal.
Of course none of them would buy the car if I didn't buy a new car from them.
I figured I would try Carmax because if I could sell my car quickly at a fair price to them I could buy via internet and fly to CA to pick up a car and drive it home for much less money.
The Carmax selling process is great.
30 minutes  after I arrived I had an offer of $15,000.
More would have been better but after negotiating with 6 different dealerships I knew it was in the ballpark.
Since I didn't expect it to be so easy I hadn't arranged for a ride home so I couldn't sell the car that day.
I returned 2 days later with their printed quote in hand and 24 minutes later (I timed it) I had a bank draft for the difference between my payoff and the $15K.
They are reported as being one of the best companies in the US to work for and it shows in the attitude of their staff.
Everyone seemed to care about what they do.
I left a couple of things in the car by accident and when I called, they were very gracious about finding them and helping me get them back.
I'm sure I could have gotten a few extra dollars selling the car on the street but who needs the hassle.

I did not purchase my vehicle from this location, that was in the West Valley.
Because I live closer to Gilbert than I do Avondale I sometimes take my car to get serviced here.
After setting my appointment for 8:30 and arriving 15 minutes early, I had hoped that my simple wheel change would've taken 45 minutes to an hour and I would be on my way home.
I had planned the previous night and the following day around this one appointment.
We dropped my car off and I watched as they parked it away from the service area.
After eating at Paradise Bakery and shopping at San Tan Village, I called CARMAX at 11 to see how my car was doing.
They told me I had enough time to catch a movie.
Around 3:00 we made it back to the service station and saw that my car was in the exact location they had parked it when I dropped it off.
Erica was great at explaining the situation and reassured me that the service department had been working on an overflow of services since yesterday and that my car would soon be worked on.
Half an hour later I saw my car get taken into the shop and 45 minutes later I was driving home.
Erica was extremely apologetic and offered me some 'goodwill' coupons which took $50 off the service.
I never asked how long it was going to take so part of the blame is on me; but from a customer service standpoint I would assume that when you make an early appointment you expect a quick return.
It would've been helpful if they had told me that it was going to take all day rather than me assuming when it would be done.
I was livid by 3:00 but Erica helped ease the stress and frustration I felt.
I only came here because they had ordered a replacement wheel and I didn't feel like wasting another day waiting for my car to be fixed.
For the future, go to your neighborhood body shop.
Support small business' and let the corporations work on their customer service.

Very quick in & out service.
They gave me a fair trade in value for my 96 Honda Accord and gave me a deal for a fully loaded 2008 Ford Escape for over $4000 less than the same vehicle with more miles seen at a Ford dealership.
The only problem with it has been normal wear and tear parts.

This is the only place I like to buy a car from.
The people are not like the usual idiot car dealers.
I bought a car from them but after driving it for a few days I decided I didn't like it because it was really small.
The had a 5 day return policy so I went and exchanged it and it was so easy.
I still have the car I bought from them, and the next time I need a car I will go there.
I have also sold my car to them and it's also fast and easy.

This is the best place to buy a car!
Brad is a wonderful sales person.
He kept me informed along the way when I transferred a car to this dealership.
I had a chipped windshield and they replaced it without my having to ask.
The service department (Josh I think) went out of their way to get my entry codes and to make sure I understood how to use my car alarm system.
The sales process was smooth, quick and painless!
The car was presented to me in immaculate condition.
I will return to this location which makes you feel like a valued customer and they work very hard to please you at the highest level.
An awesome experience.

There seem to be alot of people that swear by this place mainly because of the "no haggle" policy.
However, I find that to be their biggest issue.
I was looking to trade in an 09 Toyota Tacoma Pre-runner TRD and get into another car with a lower payment.
I had done my research and found out the amount I could get for trade in which was $2,000.00 more than what I owed still on it.
I decided to try CarMax for the fact that it seemed like a one stop shop and that it would be a fairly simple process.
The salesman helping me was terrific, however, after the appraisal, I was informed they were going to give me $2,000 less than what I owed.
Additionally, they wanted to sell me a used car, year '07, for way more than what it was worth and were going to give me a terrible interest rate (even though my credit is in the 800s).
In my eyes, CarMax turned out to be a bad deal and there was no way of negotiating.
I was able to go to the Toyota dealership and get what I wanted on my trade in and also picked up a cute Nissan Cube for a really reasonable price and with an awesome interest rate.
My advice: Only go to CarMax if you need to get rid of a car quick or if you have bad credit (I have several friends that were able to get a car from CM even though their credit is in the crapper).
Otherwise, you can find a better deal elsewhere, haggle or not.

I transferred a Shelby Mustang from one of their stores in Tennessee to this location.
My contact was Gail Williams and I could not have been happier.
She assisted me with the transfer process, test drive, all my questions, and the final purchase.
I was skeptical going into Carmax as I had not known anyone to buy from them, however after such a stress free, wonderful experience, I will be purchasing all my vehicles from them in the future.
As a side note, I sold them my current vehicle and they matched the Kelley blue book price which I was pleased with.
Its amazing why none of the other "dealers" have not not matched Carmax business plan because there is a reason why carmax gets such high praise.

We just sold the car we bought at Carmax that spawned the original review here almost three years ago.
As with the purchase, the sale was ridiculously simple.
The appraisal took about 20 minutes, and came in ABOVE Kelley Blue Book "excellent condition" trade in value -- and the car was in good - very good condition, but certainly not excellent.
A fair price, and no hassle.
At a car dealership.
Who'd have thunk it?

Gilbert AZ Carmax, LIARS ... these people have integrity issues.
My daughter just bought a 2012 Kia Soul from them.
There are significant scratches on the front bumper.
The salesman, Troy, told us verbally and in writing that Carmax would pay to have this fixed, and would provide a loaner car at no cost to us.
When she took the car in to have it fixed, 2 days after buying it, they then said they will NOT fix it, or provide a loaner car.
The salesman then said,"he had no power" to make it right.
They lie and you can't trust what they say at all.
We paid a $649 transfer fee to have this vehicle brought in from Carmax in Houston.
Considering our investment, you would think they would keep their word and fix the scratches.
In fact, the scratches should have been fixed on a 2012 vehicle prior to us even being called to take delivery.
Love the vehicle, hate the lack of integrity and outright lies told by Carmax.

This place is great!!!
I worked with Amber to sell my car and it was the one of the best "car experiences" I have ever had.
So laid back and so straight forward, what an awesome business model.
I love that you drive up, they take a look at your car, and 30 minutes later they give you a fair price.
I got offered the exact Kelly Blue Book price for my car without even telling them the number I wanted.
Amber was great even though I wasn't buying just selling.
If you are looking for an easy way to buy or sell a car head over to this place.

I had a great experience recently at the Carmax in Gilbert.
It's quite far from where I live in downtown Phoenix, but it ended up being worth it both times we drove down there.
The first time I went in was Saturday 4/6.
A few days before I had inquired about a Mini Cooper that I found doing a car search online.
Keith was quick to respond to me and I made it out there as soon as I could.
When we showed up on Saturday, Keith was busy with a customer so Denise took care of us instead, and she was absolutely wonderful.
I was able to test drive the Mini Cooper I wanted and test drove another one just to confirm I liked the original (which I did).
After that, my trade-in was appraised and it ended up being lower than I had hoped, but there were a lot of factors taken into account.
So later on, I got approved for a loan very quickly and just needed to go home to get some documents.
I returned on Monday 4/8 to finalize everything.
Keith was available to help us that time and he was very professional and really knew what he was talking about.
It took a few hours to get everything done, but that's just how this works.
As a first-time buyer, it was absolutely amazing to drive away in my new Mini Cooper.
It's the perfect car for me and I find any excuse I can to drive it now.
My suggestion is this: do your research.
I work in an industry where I'm very familiar with car dealerships and how they work, and at Carmax I never once felt like I was being pushed into a sale or being scammed into buying something I didn't need.
It was an independent decision, and it was exactly how I'd like every car-buying experience to be in the future.
I will without a doubt recommend Carmax to anyone looking for a car.
Thank you again Keith and Denise for making my Mini Cooper happen!
It had been a long search!

Yesterday my friend bought an F-150 from this dealership.
It was the most pleasant experience that I have ever had.
Our salesman, Luis Villar was AWESOME!!!
He was nice and polite and kept us informed as to what stage of the process we were in every step of the way.
If anyone is thinking about buying a used vehicle, I would highly recommend that you try Carmax.
Their business model is "no haggle - no hassle" and they truly exemplify that every step of the way.

All I can say is...wow.
This is by far one of my best customer experiences ever.
I had planned on selling my car and wanted to see what they could offer.
As soon as I walked in, I was greeted with a smile and handshake from the GM and then given a short informational on the process by a helpful representative.
After the short informational, the representative took my keys, gave it to an evaluator, and in less than 15 minutes I had an offer on my car (which was $1,800 higher than what a previous dealership offered).
Happy, happy, joy, joy!!
The good service didn't stop.
I was taken to the business office where the business personnel were friendly, informative, and just as helpful.
Because I didn't have a ride, the GM called a local car rental company for me so I could rent a vehicle (now being carless....).
Again, I can't say enough for this place, this is how service SHOULD be!!!
Thank you!

Great experience..I was so skeptical to sell my car to them but it worked out great.
I got an appraisal and a few days later returned to sell my car.
There were no hidden fees or anything..they cut me a check for the appraised amount.
The whole process was quick and easy...these people have it down to a science...and are so happy to buy your car!
My appraisal was also much higher than two dealers offered me.

So heads up I used to work at this location and still know many of the managers and associates from sales, business office and mechanical side.
Theres been many new faces added since i've departed but they are friendly as expected.
I'll always bring my car here for an oil change since the mechanics are upfront about your car.

16 months ago my wife and I bought a 2007 John Cooper Works Mini Type S from CarMax.
It was a very pretty car with great mileage.
The sales guy gave us this whole pitch about how the John Cooper Works edition was very rare.
This car had low mileage because typically people don't drive these.
They collect them.
He told us typically this edition costs $1000's more but because they got it at a good deal, they were passing the savings onto us.
He told us the John Cooper Works addition could cost an extra $8,000.00.
We were only paying slightly more than the base price, because CarMax got it for such a good deal.
We bought the car.
Fast forward 16 months.
I am getting my John Cooper Works edition serviced at Mini Of Tempe.
I am talking to the tech about my car.
He looks at me stone-cold and says "This isn't a John Cooper works....this is a base type S that someone put a kit on.
" I argue with him...until he walks me over to how a real John Cooper Works should look on the inside...and how mine looks.
Clearly.
Mine was not a John Cooper Works.
It has all the markings...and a kit to make it look like one....but it's not.
I was absolutely mislead at CarMax.
I don't have a rare John Cooper Works...I have a base type S they dressed up to make look like one.
I called CarMax.
They told me to bring my car in.
I did.
They looked at it and said they aren't perfect...that when people sell them cars they try to verify all the information is correct but sometimes they are wrong.
They the purchasing manager shows me on my paperwork where John Cooper Works is listed under "options" not as a "trim.
" I have got to tell you.
I am not a car expert.
When the sales guy tells you its a John Cooper Works...and when it has John Cooper works listed on the paper work....regardless of where it is....most people would assume they are telling you....its a John Cooper Works.
I certainly did not know someone could buy a kit to make a regular Mini look like a special edition Mini.
I did not know CarMax would lie about what the car is.
I told the purchasing manager exactly what the sales guy told me and you know what he said "I understand why your mad.
I sympathize with you.
Unfortunately we can't help you.
" I said your sales guy lied and he said "Yea.
Unfortunately we can't do anything about that.
" He said it's listed as just an option not a trim...I explained there is no way anyone would know that...and he said "I understand that.
" Here is what I learned: At CarMax if you think your getting a "really good deal" look into it...chances are you really aren't getting that good of a deal, and whatever you do....don't just trust the sales guys.
They will lie to make a sale.
Ours certainly did.
The other thing that really stuck out is how fast each division of CarMax will try and cover their own butt.
It is truly shocking.

Now another place where you can buy a lemon!
My daughter is on a second car purchased through them.
The only reason she got the second car was because the first she bought fell under the lemon law provisions for return and they STILL tacked on the amount of the first car tot his loan.
MY daughter most recent car has 3 tires with plugs in them that go into an ATV tire.
Three of the tire had to be replaced because the plug split the steel belt on the tire.
I found this out after my daughter picked up a small screw on the Freeway and we went to have the tire fixed.
After Discount Tire checked the remained of her tires, we found that only ONE tire was not plugged in this matter and we replaced the rest of her tires.
I called Salvatore and was told it is not up to the dealership to replace or to check tires before the car is sold.
But they will most certainly sell you an extended warranty!!
If you are a woman and you know anything about cars, the service department will call you crazy and claim you are doing something to the car for it to have to come back and be repaired!
Stay as far as you can away from CarMax.
Shame on CarMax!

I had to take my car back in for service and Rob in the service department was the most pleasant and professional person to deal with.
Anything to do with cars stress me out so to walk away feeling happy and taken care of is a very good thing.

Purchased a car that had defective window tint.
I brought it to the attention of a sales manager Steve and he said they would pay to remove it as a gesture of good faith.
Really?
It is so defective that one woukd need glasses to correct the vision to see through it.
To me this should have been replaced.
Now fast forward to getting it removed.
Rob the services manager had me drop off my car the night before so I could get this done same day.
It is now 3:30 and they still havr not taken it to the third-party to get this done.
So it will not be until tomorrow.
So another day trying to manage family life without a car.
Thanks Carmax.

Bait and switch.
Called dealership about a car, inquired on details and went down there.
When I got there, it was mysteriously on a test drive/unavailable.
Even though the place was empty of customers.
This is a classic auto dealership bait and switch they pull to lure customers in: advertise a good deal that is mysteriously not on the lot or sold when the customer gets there.

They gave me a quote on my truck that was 3k less than blue book.
All the craigs list moes wanted to immediately knock 1.5k off our price before even seeing the vehicle.
We got so many weird inquiries that we took the 4k carmax offered instead of holding out to get the 6k everyone was trying to offer us prior to looking.
Just so much less hassle and b.s.
to deal with.
I was completely bummed out by the low ass bid especially when the truck was in such beautiful condition and we got pretty much an A+ on the inspection but obviously this is how they make their money.
They were easy to deal with no b.s.
drama and it was quick like lightening.
If they offered us more money it would have earned them more stars.

Went to look for daughters first car and what an awful experience sales person was disengaged felt like we were doing him a disservice.
Will not be returning based on our visit if you go ask for someone other than dominque

a big shout out to keith who provided an excellent customer service experience from start to finish!
he was open and informative, i felt comfortable that i was getting a great car and a great deal.
ask for keith!

