When it comes to all things electronics, big box super stores and large elaborate sunday morning newspaper spreads, only one place comes to mind.... BEST BUY!
Well, or Frys Electronics but we are going to review Best Buy today.
:)  Anyway, Best Buy is your one stop shop for all things electronics and electronic related.
Personally I think they have an awesome collection of TV's, Blu-Ray players, games etc....
Almost all of their locations are located in easy to reach parts of the valley and most of their staff are friendly, helpful and even knowledgeable about the products they carry.
::TIP:: If you have a frequent flier account that you need to add a few miles to, many will award you for shopping at www.bestbuy.com They key here is to surf your airlines frequent flier website, look up partner info and see if there is a clickthru for Best Buy.
It will probably ask for your name and FF # but for a little bit of time, you can earn a few points!

wow, yelp not just for food, I see.
The manager at this particular location once refused to honor a published price on an advertised product (refused to match BB.com price for local stock).
This is contra BB policy (or at least was contra its then-existing policy).
Pointed this out to him, but no.
Other reason I'll never shop there involved BB prior refusal to stand behind a non-honored rebate due to BB advertising and selling a slightly differing hard drive model number than that stated in the rebate terms.
This hard drive incident was at a different store.
Very happy to take my dollars elsewhere.

I grew up loving Best Buy, but my opinion has really shifted in the past couple of years.
I no longer enjoy purchasing items at Best Buy, and I think much of that has to do with this particular Best Buy location and the company's shift to selling add-on services.
It seems as though employees are a little too focused on selling their 'add-on' services instead of helping customers, or even having quality products in the first place.
I have gotten the impression the last 3-4 times I purchased something here that employees were talking down to me/trying to scare me into buy their add on services.
I was told I wouldn't likely be able to set up my wireless router properly, or that I probably wouldn't be able to set up my laptop correctly and that I REALLY should just buy their Geek Squad services.
I don't know that I want to spend money at a place that tries to convince me what I am buying is no good unless I pay them to fix-it first.
No thanks Best Buy.

I tend to see Best Buy locations getting very mixed reviews all over Yelp.
Yes, this place isn't perfect, but come on people!
It's not THAT bad!
This particular location, also the closest to my house, opened in 2001.
I've been going here ever since - they have a solid selection of games, music, movies and pretty much any other form of electronic/appliance device you may need.
The prices here are not bad at all, for the most part - the chain lives up to its name.
The selection of music, movies and games easily trumps little in-mall chains that carry the same products.
If you have questions on anything, the staff tend to be knowledgeable - at least they have been every time I have had a question.
The inside of the store is huge, and it can be difficult to find your way around sometimes - the fact that they move everything around every now and then doesn't help things, either.
Quite honestly, a mall-like map when you enter wouldn't have been a bad idea.
The staff are usually friendly and courteous, though every now and then they will throw out some unwelcome, rude humor at the most inappropriate of moments.
Fortunately, this is rare.
Furthermore, Best Buy has a frequent buyers program called Reward Zone, which allows you to accumulate points to earn certificates so that you may save money on future purchases.
The program once had a fee, but is now free.
With Circuit City no longer around, Best Buy is pretty much your only dedicated source of electronics in the Henderson area (plus they have several Vegas locations as well.
) And this place is no slouch, either.
Unless you're looking for really obscure music and movies, they'll suit your needs.

ok the have a good selection and will price match.But why do all the staff ignore there customers  makes me want to take my business else where.

So we are going on a massive appliance hunt.
Hence my disappearance from general existence for the last week or so.
Who knew that built in ovens cost that much?
We did our usual rounds at RcWilley, Home Depot and Lowes and were driving around the area when the husband suggested Best Buy.
I shot him down because I was under the impression that Best Buy only sold computers and TVs.
After reluctantly agreeing to "open my mind," we stepped into Best Buy and realized they sell all sorts of appliances...the entire suite!
They don't have too many floor models on the floor but they can pretty much order you whatever you want.
My wonderful experience here was made by Art and Rethia at the Appliance Center in this Best Buy.
These are two people who take appliances seriously.
They were so helpful, candid and gave us great options and advice.
Appliance shopping is a long and expensive process and with built ins it's even more excruciating.
I can't thank Art and Rethia enough for making our experience painless.
We will definitely frequent this particular Best Buy for all our electronic needs.
PS.
They price match Amazon.com too so what's not to like?

I had no idea that Best Buy price matches.
Call me slow.
I don't shop there, ever.
A super smart attendant named Franz helped get me great deals on my new Canon Digital Rebel.
He used Best Buy's handy little price matching database to see that Target was selling the camera for a better price.
He saved me $50 with that deal, plus an additional discount on the warranty ($70 for 2 years instead of $140).
He also found out that Fry's was selling an 8 GB SANdisk for $20; Best Buy had it marked at $49.99.
So, again, I saved another wad of dough.
I felt like I got the best deal possible; I guess that's why it's called Best Buy.
I also had the Best Service.
I planned to buy my camera at a smaller, local shop that is owned by some friends.
But the attendants were so rude to me that I left.
I have no hard feelings about making my costly camera purchase at a big box store.
Kudos to Franz!

Just remodeled.
There seems to be a lot of wasted space now.

Newly remodled Best Buy.
It is nice but seems like it wasted a lot of space when they did.
They only seem to have 2 registers as well, and they are poorly placed.
Otherwise, it is a Best Buy and prices are good and service is alright.

Let me start by saying that I know close to nothing about televisions, video games, and 3D, etc.
Thanks to the friendly and knowledgeable staff at Best Buy I feel more informed as a consumer.
We went to this specific location twice to shop for a new television and both times were treated with respect and had all of our questions answered.
The salesmen were so smart and we never felt hustled.
My favorite salesman, Jake, was patient with us and spent close to two hours helping us!
They even gave me a balloon when I left.
How cool is that?
This Best Buy is clean, organized and provides world class service.
I will be back for all of my purchases in the future!!

Draft shouldn't be blank.

The crew here is the best...The hawaiian guy in the front makes you not even think about stealing.
The mobile department always hooks it up when it comes to the best plans.
Great staff!

I love Best Buy.
Staff is knowledgable and friendly the only bad thing is you leave with your little heart broken..
So many gadgets and goodies.

Didn't have a purpose to buy anything, but the folks I went with did.
Overall, the customer service was great.
They have a variety of electronics to choose from.
They also have price match, which is a plus.
Floor plan is great since there is a lot of open space.
It doesn't feel so cluttered.

Thanks for NO customer service.
I'm not an electronic person.
I just  like  to push a button and have things work.
You would think that best buy would be all over those of us needing to acquire  a hands free device in order to be compliant with the new law.
But no.
No help at all.
Dragging around an extremely difficult two year old.
I had the  lost and need help look.
No one offered to help.
On a Monday morning just after opening no less.
I walked out and i bought nothing.
Your remodel didn't get me to spend money.
I will continue to shop online.I thought shopping live and in person might be better for once.
Nope.
Screw real stores with real human interactions that do not exist.
I will avoid shopping at Best Buy.
And yes I have spent quite a bit here in the past.

Rude.
I will NEVER go to best buy for ANYTHING again.
I recently went there to purchase a new tv and wall mount.
A friend had told me that they had an "out of the box sale" where they were selling tvs for something like 50% off.
Sounded too good to be true but I checked it out anyways.
Surprisingly they had a tv I liked and it had a tag that stated "this item may be missing accessories" as I noticed this a sales girl walks up and asks if i needed any help.
So i asked what exactly this was missing.. her response?
"Well its missing accessories so like a remote or the cables.
I mean its a tv i dont know what other accessories you think it comes with" in one of the most disgusting attitudes i've ever heard.. the girl was young and about my age so i replied back "oh you mean this isnt a transformer?
gee thanks" and walked away.
Being a believer in second chances I go to the aisle with the 32" tvs and find one at full price and with all its accessories i liked.
WAITIED FOR 15 MINUTES  for someone to walk pass and say "did you need help" i responded yes i want to buy this no questions asked please wrap this up to go and the guy says "ill get someone to help you" ANOTHER 15 MINUTES !!
and I finally said F this and walked out!
apparently they dont want to sell anything there.

Worst customer service!
My mom and I walked in, there is a greeter at the door who did not greet us.
We wandered the store and not once did anyone ask if we needed help finding anything.
They didn't even give us the time of day.
I went up to a worker and asked for help in finding a TV.
He told me yes and to wait just a second.
Just a second turned into 10-15 minutes.
I really wanted a new TV, so my mom and I waited and waited and waited.
I had to walk back to the guy to ask for help.
We walked out of the store empty handed and never step foot back in the store again.
No good customer service, no paying customer.

This Best Buy is alright.
Half the time I have a good experience, half the time I don't.
The most recent visit was to return a Harry Potter blu ray I already had (came in on black friday to something and left with something I forgot I had... d'oh) and I was instructed to go over to the customer service line to return it.
I had to wait 20 minutes just to return a blu ray.
Not too bad, I think.
But, the lady in front of me had to wait that long to change the price on something she had just paid for at the register and they could've done right at the register instead of sender her over to wait.
That was a bit much to me.
The floor associates always seem "occupied" and are somehow never around to help.
This best buy is meh.. wish it could be better.

Horrible customer service.
Most of the staff have no knowledge of what they sell.

WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!
No wonder Best Buy is going under.Went to Henderson location today to buy a computer.had to look for a associate to help me after 10 mins.
in the computer section.When I asked the associate if they had the computer I was looking for in stock,he really acted like I was bothering him.He looked up sku # and said "nope".
That was it,didn't bother to look if available at any other location OR see if he could help me find a computer compatible that was in stock.I had to say could you see if there were any at other locations.DO NOT go to the Best Buy on Marks in Henderson,or probably any locations.Went to Staples and bought a computer which was a little higher priced than the Best Buy computer,But a little better computer and GREAT service.called and checked stock and associate held computer for me,asked if needed any accessories or anything else related to computer.WILL NEVER STEP FOOT IN BEST BUY AGAIN,only maybe to the "GOING OUT OF BUSINESS" sale.

This Best Buy isn't so bad.
Things are usually neat and tidy and it's easy to find things.
Their selection of cell phone accessories sucks if you don't own an iphone, and so does the kindle accessories.
Generally everything is expensive, unless it's on sale.

I came here after a discrepancy with the customer service lady on the phone, my phone showing my monitor was in stock, and a little impatience knowing that the lady lied to me.
Luckily, the online order pick-up associate helped me find the monitor I wanted at the Arroyo Grande location, relieving me of my annoyance.
The only thing I dislike is that the place seems "unorganized.

Ok I was at a best buy store with my mom on 611 Marks St. Henderson nv 89183.
Ok first we couldn't find the camera we needed so we ask the guy that works there and he called this lady like 9 times and when she comes she goes helps someone else so thats when we went to go talk to someone is custorm service and all they did was look more and finally the guy said I'll help you and my mom said no I want to speak to a store manger and so he brought us to him and we told him all about the worst custorm service and that we are not coming back and he said ok and also we said we are going to never spend one more dime at bestbuy stores ever again and he kept and saying ok and so we left and he said bye and so if I were you dont shop at this bestbuy

I came here with the expecation of purchasing an iPhone 4s.
The gentleman that helped me out in the mobile department seemed genuinely uninterested in helping us out.
I had to probe and probe for help and to obtain answers to questions.
I felt like I was inconveniencing the poor fella.
Once we told him we were uninterested in the "black tie protection plan" his interest in helping us legitimately hit zero.
At this point the wife and I left.
It's no wonder people are choosing to take their shopping over to Amazon.
Their customer service is unmatched!
I was willing to pay a little extra to have a phone then and there, however, after dealing with that dude, I took my disgruntled self over to Amazon and waited a couple of days for my nifty new iPhone.

This place is a joke.
The managers are young and immature and the employees could care less about the customer.
It's just so sad.
We have come here a total of 3 times at different times and days to test it out, and we have run into nothing but delays, problems with managers and attitude from employees.
I can't believe corporate hasn't done anything to put this store away.
If all Best Buy's follow in their foot steps, Best Buy will be the next Ultimate Electronics.
Thank goodness for Fry's.
Cheaper and more customer friendly.
I understand they are commission, but never once have I truly felt pressured to buy something at Fry's to the point where I never want to go back.
This Best Buy is a joke.

bought a kindle touch in at best buy in Idaho last May.
Wife loves it.
Stopped working and battery wouldn't charge.
Took it to best buy henderson, hoping they could change battery.
They no longer carry this model and offered us a newer model.
We declined as ours doesn't need an internet connection and the new one does.
We live in a motorhome and do not have internet service.
We were told they would refund our money on unit and charger but not on leather case with light that is made for that model.
We complained that they were all purchased together and I have no need fot the case.
Supervisor came out and told us that they would not refund one penny to us but would offer an in-store credit.
We explained that we would try to find the model we have with another merchant that may still have one.
We were informed that they would give us an in-store credit "take it or leave it".
We left it, swearing that we would never step foot in another best buy store.
We called Amazon to see what they would do.
They gave us 2 choices too.
Return it for a new one or refresh it right then while we were on the phone.
We opted for refresh and it now working fine again.
I think best buy will continue it's downward spiral and may be gone next year but I am already considering them finished.
Thanks for Costco, Walmart and Amazon who still know that customers are not the adversaries.

My wife and I went to this store to purchase a new cell phone.
We had a person start to help us but when an employee came up to buy something for themselves, he left us saying we would get somebody to come over and finish up.
After waiting and waiting a new customer came up and was immediately waited on.
No one ever came to help us finish up, so we left.
I did tell the Manager about this and he offered to help but at this point we were and are completely finished with Best Buy.
I can now understand why they are in financial trouble.
We went to Costco and got a better deal and much better customer service.

Best Buy?
Absolutely not for smart phones!
In the beginning of the month, my loyal yelping assistant the Samsung Fascinate decided to die when I was vacationing in Scottsdale, Arizona.
In the spur of the moment I had to find a new yelping assistant.
Fortunately there was a Best Buy nearby.
Fast forward to my return to Las Vegas, I learned that my new Yelping companion and I were incompatible.
It was when I priced Walmart's smart phones that I learned that Best Buy is far from the best buy.
Here are some comparisons that I made.
The Galaxy III is $148 at Walmart and $200 at Best Buy.
The Motorola Droid X is $79 at Walmart and $148 at Best Buy.
Buying the phone is $100 cheaper at Walmart.
Screen protectors are approximately $8 at Walmart where they are approximately $20 at Best Buy.
What Best Buy has going for them is their 14 day policy.
If you are unhappy with your new smart phone by 14 days they will let you exchange it and will price match it.
When I exchanged this smart phone for the Galaxy III, the exchange process went smooth.
Without a door greeter or security guard manning the entrance, I carried my unloved smart phone to the connection center.
When I made it to the connections center, there were a few connections associates there.
Connections associate Pete was exceptionally patient and knowledgeable.
He asked zero questions about exchanging the smart phone and price matching the Galaxy III to Walmart's price.
Pete executed the connection process and installed the Otter Box, at the same time that he answered my sundry of questions.
There was no hustling me to get the Best Buy insurance, which has never been a problem at Best Buy.
My constructive criticism of Best Buy is that they have to start looking at their competitor's pricing on smart phones.
In the long run they will be losing money and time that connections associates could be selling phones to time consuming returns.
If the Galaxy III had been sold at Walmart prices, I most likely would have brought it in the Scottsdale store and have avoided this situation.
To improve the smart phone shopping experience, Best Buy ought to follow the Apple Store and remodeled Verizon stores business model of having live smart phones for customers to try out on the sales floor.
It also wouldn't hurt having an associate at the entrance.
As it turns out, my smart phone buying experience with Best Buy has reached a satisfying conclusion.
They did me right by exchanging the smart phone without hassle at the competitor's lower price.
And I now have a compatible yelping assistant.

Wow, Thursday nights right before closing must be the best time to go to Best Buy, because I think this was the best BB shopping experience I've ever had!
the frustrating part about big box store shopping is never being able to find someone to help you, but there were a ton of salespeople around.
Maybe upped for the holidays?
I got asked twice if I needed help, which I did use guidance the second time.
I asked the cashier about return policy because the product got good reviews but there were some issues with new updates, so I wanted to be sure I could return it if it started acting up.
The cashier was knowledgable about this product but recommended another brand that had better reviews, but after we talked about my needs for streaming tv, I decided to stick with what I picked out.
Then he told me that I can go home, make sure it works, and if I like it, just buy a geek squad warranty if I want within 30 days.
Sure it was a sales pitch, but it was honest about the time limit I had and how I could use to my advantage.
I like it!
I left with a smile because it was really a positive shopping experience.
Amazon.com had the same sale price on this gadget but I went to BB because I didn't want to wait for shipping, and I'm glad I did.

What a depressing place.
I miss Best Buy as it was before the Internet revolution started cannibalizing their business.
What's left now is really only a showroom for Amazon to see products first hand before buying them online at lower prices.
If you get the idea to go in and buy a cell phone, good luck getting competent help.
Need PC parts?
You should have went to Fry's for better selection and price.
Cameras?
Amazon smokes them again on selection and especially price.
Appliances?
Lowes smokes them again and has more selection.
TV's are still a respectable niche if you want lower end stuff but say you want something with 1080p that has 4 HDMI ports...yeah, good luck with that.
Car stereos?
Crutchfield blows them away in this segment.
Video games?
They're still respectable but you can beat them on price and selection by going elsewhere.
In short if you are desperate to get your hands on something today...Best Buy works at a price.
Your "Best Buy" on most electronics these days though can be found elsewhere.

I love Best buy, but this review is really about the Bose MIE2 headphones, these ear buds put out great base and awesome overall sound, I highly recommend them if you are a music lover like I am.
You will be very happy with them.They expose you to absolute Music bliss.

Generally, I have enjoyed my shopping experiences in this store, which is why it gets three stars.
BUT before Christmas I had to order a chromebook because they were sold out.
The process was a little frustrating, with talking to one employee only to get directed to a second employee.
Doing a presale requires buying a $50 gift card as a "deposit".
The second employee tried to do the transaction at his station in the store but it wouldn't work (after I had swiped my card).
Then he lead me to a cash register where he attempted the transaction again (he had to input all of my information all over again which took 10 minutes).
I swiped my card three more times, but the transaction would not go through on their end because it wasn't picking up the card swipe.
At this point, I was getting a little nervous about all the card swiping.
Then he hands me over to another cashier at another cash register and we do the whole process again.
That time was successful and I was nervous for nothing because my bank showed only one transaction.
They told me at the store that it should take 5 days to a week to get the chromebook.
I ended up having to wait 3 weeks to finally get it.
I think that if I had not been regularly calling the store and asking to speak to a manager, I would still be waiting.
But it was Christmastime and hectic, so I am cutting them a break.
I went in again a couple of weeks ago to pick up a Kindle that I had ordered and paid for online and that transaction went perfectly.
I bought the Kindle at 10pm on a Friday and picked it up at 11am on Saturday, no hassles, no problems, I was in and out in 5 minutes.

I don't know why we need a bigger tv.
Not necessary.
So we really went in there just to get some batteries.
But for some reason, the guy at the door steered us in the wrong direction!
Really, you couldn't point us towards the batteries!
So as we were wondering around the store, of course, my husband see's the 80 inch TV!
I'm sure if there was a TV that was 500 inches, he would find a wall to put that on too!
But now my husband is on the hunt for a big TV Thanks guy at the door of Best Buy!
Over all, I do like Best Buy.
I'm just poking fun at the guy at the door, I'm sure my husband would have went to the TV dept.
even if we weren't pointed in the wrong direction.

I give it five stars.
This weekend I got a laptop and other items.
I had no idea how to use windows 8 but they were kind enough to set me up with a free class this Saturday at 2pm.
It was cool the instructor was very professional and went over things 20 times if we asked him to.
Any kind of free education is always a plus.
The class was in store oddly I worried about how much I would learn with people walking about and playing with car radios but nevertheless I took it all in.
They don't cut you off eather they welcome you back to next weeks class if u forget anything.
Now if your not a great note taker they also provided us with folder that covered everything the instructor went over.
Bestbuy is most definitely stepping their game up.
I'm glad I got my laptop at bestbuy...also my husband was able to sit in on the class and ask questions.
Mother's bought their kids.
And it was a chance to meet others in my community.

I wanted to see and play with an Acer Chrombook, when Best Buy had one on display, the sales person was very knowledgeable using the C7, and when she did not know how to answer a few of my questions, she promised to call me in the AM next day.
She called and I added my name to the waiting list.
The following week she called me and they were holding one in my name.
I rushed to Henderson and became the proud owner of a $199 Chrom O/S computer.
It has become my go to unit, sits on kitchen table and is easy to read during breakfast.
I seem to always have it in the car for WiFi use when I visit a coffee or Fast Food location.
Thank You Best Buy for making it possible to secure a item that sells rapidly, with few problems except time.
I since have gifted several of these to family members and we are all discovering how far $199 can go in computers.
I love the cloud printing the Best Buy sales person explained, it is far faster than sending a fax any day of the week...  Again, Best Buy thank you for carrying an affordable computer I do not need to worry about growing feet and walking away with my information.
Thank you Acer for producing this dual boot computer, it is the best computer solution I have seen on the market.
Oops the new i5 Pixel with the high definition Gorilla Glass screen might be a better option, but I will wait a few weeks for your demo set-up and see what you can show me on the next visit...  For the moment, believe Best Buy is the only store where you can see the Acer, Samsung Chromebooks, and will also be the only place you can test the newer Pixel Chromebook.

I'm a girl so I guess I'm already predisposed to sort of not like Best Buy, but it's a necessary evil so I have to go in from time to time with my husband (who of course freaking LOVES the place).
The new remodeled stores kind of freak me out with their insane asylum yellow wall at the front (it kinda burns my eyeballs when I look at it, so I pity the poor employees who have to work the registers right in front of it).
And is it just me or has the inventory shrunk?
It seems like all Best Buy cares about is selling iPads and cell phones.
They used to be all about the dvds and cds but that section is so tiny it's pitiful.
To make things worse, usually Costco or Sam's Club far undercuts their prices.
On the upside, the employees are helpful and there's lots of parking out front.

Another Best Buy visited, another Best Buy review completed.
I had the day planned out.
Train in the morning, UYE after, training again in the afternoon with one of my favorite people, dinner with the home girl, and end it with Fry's to buy a new wireless router.
After dinner with the home girl, the last place I wanted to do was make the trek to Fry's.
She suggested that we hit up this Best Buy since it was close.
Plus, I think she wanted a new phone and her lazy butt doesn't leave the Henderson area.
So we enter and split up to find what we were looking for.
I found not one, but two employees willing to assist me with my purchase.
I explained that I'm looking for a deal, something comparable to what I currently have at home, and something they would buy if they had to make a choice.
I was taken care of correctly and when I got home the router worked out 10 times better than my previous router.
It also helps that my previous router was over 7 years old or 1 dog year.
When it comes to stores like Best Buy, my rating really depends on service, selection, stock, and price.
For me, service is the heavily weighing factor.
At this Best Buy, I got just that...great service.
PS: The same router is a few bucks cheaper at Fry's, but at Best Buy you don't have to deal with the parking, the crowds, and the longer wait.
Convenience sometimes outweighs price for me.

I have always used Best Buy and even have a Best Buy credit card and I have to say this one is ridiculous!
There were over 25 items in the wrong place with the wrong prices.
You have to make absolutely sure that you are getting the correct product for the tagged hanger it is on.
It looked like this store was going out of business because the shelves were so empty.
When I asked an associate for an item he sent me to the wrong aisle and said he would be right there to help me find it.
After 10 mins he didn't show up.
I walked the entire store to find the car charger I was looking for and finally found it...an item with the correct price on it!!
I was surprised...
I will definitely go to a different Best Buy next time.

This is not the first reason to be at Best Buys but microwave broke and needed new one...good thing I'm a good cook and don't rely soley on my microwave but I digress ;) Went to the back to search out "OTR" (Over the Range) microwaves...too many to choose from.
A very nice sales lady named Rethie (hope I spelled that right) approached me and answered my questions and gave me some very useful information..."it doesn't matter what you spend, they will all break at about the same time...5-6 years...it's called planned obsolescence.
" Well after making my selection, it was only a matter of minutes before Rethie came back from the storage room with my new microwave.
She was able to pull up a different Rewards card to save me some $$$ and arrange for loading help all within 13 minutes from my selection.
If you get a Best Buys card, they offer 18 months interest free financing for purchases over $500.00 as long as you pay the monthly minimum.
Under $500, it's 6 months interest free.
Plus you get the Rewards Card and earn points from your purchases to use on future purchases.
They always have sales on things and most of the staff are very helpful.
Important Tip for Iphone users...avoid the long lines at the Apple store when new Iphone releases come out.
Best Buys offers appointments so you're in and out in less time with little wait.

it's best buy....come here when you want to run your credit up some for good fun and electronics.
No matter how slow it is, parking lot always full.
Weird.

Management has changed alot at this best buy and I have to say that they are always helpful everytime I go in.

You couldn't have worse customer service than this, and I am happy to see Best Buy failing and hope to see them fail even worse.
We purchased a Roku 3 with the assurance that it was DLNA capable, after waiting over a week for support from Roku for them to just tell us it was going to be another few months I decided to return this.
We were one day over the 15 day limit for returns and they wouldn't refund the money just offer store credit!
What a scumbag policy of Best Buy!

I really like Best Buy overall because they have great service and I believe the staff do not work on commission.
I will buy from Best Buy all my big purchases because they are very, very good in service.
This one on Marks and Sunset is not the creme de la creme unfortunately.
Service - I give this 2 star.
The guy at the front welcoming you is totally cool and makes  you feel welcome to the family!
I give him 5 stars.
That is where it kinda stops and get's hit or miss.
The entire on line order pick up section has DMV or government type workers.
These deserve a 1 star.
You get mediocre service and what seems to be poor training.
The staff at the customer service counter perhaps have watched too many zombie movies, I say 2 star.
This is unfortunate because any user of Best Buy will be at the Customer Service center at one point and this is where the service should SHINE.
Otherwise, the TV staff are fantastic, and so are the people around the iPad and tablets.
These people seem to really want to help  you  5 star here.
The staff around the laptops, hmmmm not sure what is going on with that.
2 star here.
Products - 3 star - Love the selection.
I am a huge Amazon shopper, but want to and do in fact support Best Buy because they go the extra mile to have the products on display.
Totally cool to experience this.
Camera Selection - from point and shoot to DSLR, they have a very awesome selection of cameras, lenses and accessories.
Not bad priced.
Computers - Great selection on Apples, Mediocre on Windows.
They have the latest and greatest, but not too many high end.
In fact, I could not find any.
Perhaps the demographics show that most people want only business or low priced laptops.
However, if they can sell Apples, they should be able to sell more expensive PC and Laptops.
c.  Tablets - The selection is totally amazing and you get to compare all!
d.  Phones - This place is hopping.
Plenty of action.
e.  Satellite TV - Come on, why are doing this to us?
This upsell is quite annoying.
f.  Movies / Music - Great selection, but who buys this stuff anymore?
g.  TV's - WOW, this is like a great selection, great service, and I tend to like the offerings here more than Costco or Sams Club.
You get a different variety of the same brands.
If you want the cheapest, the warehouse clubs are the best deal, however, if you want certain features, Best Buy is the place.
Unfortunately this Best buy does not have the Magnolia Home Theater Demo area and this is unfortunate.
Since Best Buy is hurting economically, and since they are the main retailer of electronics with the other's out of business, you would think that they would differentiate themselves from the warehouses, Targets, Fry's and Walmarts.
Swimming in the ocean with sharks is not a way to survive.
I will continue to support this Best Buy, but they gotta help themselves as well.

The info for store hours is not correct.
M-Sa: close at 9 pm Su: closed at 8 pm

If you're going to Best Buy Mobile, ask for Ashley.
She is super helpful!
Went out of her way to deal with the Saturday night idiots working Verizon customer service for me after having an issue porting over a number for me.
Amazing service!

I normally do not step a foot into best buy.
I have no reason to go there.
However, I have been having problems with the attitudes and lack of service at Sprint.
I went here two times to add a new phone to my plan, and then to upgrade to my HTC one.
The first time was a breeze.
The associate was knowledgeable, and didn't try to seriously "add on" ridiculous things we didn't need.
The second time, when I went to upgrade was even easier.
I have to say, I truly love it when I do not feel as if I am being baited in just for a company to make money.
When I got my phone, there weren't a lot of cases for it......Everyone is obsessed with making things for the iPhone.
:l The employee told me where I could find cases, and for cheaper, too!
I am not sure how the rest of their departments are really run, but I'll be going to Best Buy for all my phone purchases from now on.
And their insurance on phones is probably $3 more than what we were paying, but there is NO deductable.
With the way my husband goes through phones (4 insurance claims in the last 3 years) we don't need to pay $100 each time.

Worst place ever... My 88 yr old mother wanted to buy me a 60" Panasonic plasma tv for my birthday.
I went to mark st store and told the rep EXACTLY what I wanted, they said no problem we will order it and I will have it in a week but have your mom call with credit card info.
My mother calls them they tell her they don't have that tv in stock and talked my 88 yr old mother into buying a different tv that they did have in stock, I was furious and went to store to tell them to cancell the order,they told me to call corporate which I did, they said no problem they will cancel order.
Here we are 2 months later and I'm still trying to get my mothers money back for her.
She is so upset over this I thought she was going to have a stroke.
It's criminal how they take advantage of the elderly.
I used best buy in the past and always recommended them but never again.
Be careful... Gotta leave a star to get published.

I really have to say, I do most of my electronics shopping on line but there are times where you just want to look and feel.
I know that sounds odd but you need to really see what something is for space etc.
So, when I am forced to do so I tend to head to Best Buy.
Now this Best Buy and I have to say most BB's are just horrible when it comes to customer service.
I have done returns here for online ordering and literally stood there for an hour because they have Geek Squad and standard customer service in the same area.
Really causes your blood pressure to rise when you see staff just standing around talking to each other.
Regarding my last comment, it really does irk the bonkers out of me when I am in the store, really in need of help and you can't find anyone in the area you are in but dang, you can find a whole herd of them right by the iPods all chatting each other up.
Was the store clean?
Yep Was the customer service helpful?
Umm, not ever in my experience there.
Will I go back?
When I have to, I do but only when necessary.
Just beware when you are going in that you really need to take care of yourself.
Sometimes you do find a diamond in the rough here for good deals and customer service but that is not the norm.

I don't know how Best Buy is able to stay in business.
They have shrunk their dvd and blu-ray section to almost nothing and the store is sparse and empty.
I seem to never be able to find any sales associate to help me with anything except those SUPER ANNOYING people who approach you to ask if you want to switch from cable to satellite.
Don't be suckered in by them or they will annoy the mess out of you while you are trying to shop.
You know a company is on its way out when they have to resort to having salespeople hound you and promote a service that you don't want or need.
Yikes.

Thank you to the girl who helped me with my GoPro3+.
I came here looking for a monopod that was waterproof for my roadtrip to California.
She quickly knew what monopod we wanted and gave it to us.
We also inquired about the LCD screen.
Totally did not know that GoPro did not release the new models to fit for the 3+ but she was still kind enough to check the back storage for us.
I didn't catch her name but she was really helpful.
She worked at the camera section on 10/29/13 around 7PM.
Please tell her thank you.
Anyway,  overall impression on the store was OK.
It was definitely a bit different than Best Buy in Hawaii.
The mainland stores have more variety and the workers were very helpful.

I have bought three laptops within the the last 3 months and each time I have gone into Best Buy in hopes of getting service like they used to give way back when.
I assume they have decreased their staff over the years to help their bottom line.
When I have gone in there, you cannot find a sales person to help you in the computer department.
Once you do get someone, they are short and rushed and do not know the details of the technology.
They have became nothing more than a sales person.
Several years ago, Best Buy was the place to go as they would educate you on the purchase and you would leave there feeling like you at least made an informed decision.
Needless to say they are no longer training their employees on the details.
I ended up taking my three laptop purchase to FRY's because I could get my questions answered!

If you haven't been to this particular Best Buy in a while be prepared for some changes.
Almost the entire South side of the building is now taken over by Pacific Sales.
Pacific carries appliances from dishwashers to refrigerators, with plenty of choices of each to choose from.
Pricing can vary from reasonable to ridiculous, comparison shopping is a must here.
But they carried a few items I haven't seen elsewhere in Vegas.
The remainder of the store is a classic Best Buy big box location.
No need to describe that here.
Service is typically helpful and friendly 90% of the time.
But I've had some run-ins with a few blue shirts who were rude or seemed to disappear when you needed them.
One very important note: Price check things.
Yeah Best Buy is a great place to go Showrooming.
But I prefer to buy local even from a chain, it supports Vegas jobs.
But I use my Amazon app to make sure I'm not paying too much.
An Apple 12 watt charger was priced at $29, Amazon had it for $19.
I asked for a price match, they met the price.
(I tried to buy a second charger on Black Friday, they had suspended price matching for a few days.
In short the changing policies can drive one crazy!
)  Still as far as Best Buy goes, this Henderson location is pretty good.
4 Stars.

Walked out without buying the tablet & laptop we planned on purchasing.
Had some questions on a couple items because we needed to make a final decision.
The misogynist's loud reply to our question was "it doesn't hold a charge because it's a tablet"!
Pretty sure he either doesn't know what he's talking about, or his ex cheated on him with a tablet since every subsequent answer ended with "because it's a tablet".
Dear Mr I-Talk-Down-To-You-Because-You're-A-Girl, we know it's a tablet, but when asked about them in the future, instead of being an ass, use the opportunity to make a sale.
Speak nicely while steering them to one model or another, while saying why one is more advantageous than another.

Wow !
I am super disappointed!
So, last night, my guy's phone finally bit the dust...he had dropped it for the final time.
We have the geeksquad protection on it, so we got there at 1004 this morning when the store opened.
While he was being helped, I looked around their laptop section.
First off, I am kind of disappointed, because I thought they would have a bigger selection.. at least, before they redid the store.......I think I remember it being bigger.
Twenty minutes go by, and someone comes around with a clip board asking me if I needed help.
He took down my name and said the next associate would be with me as soon as they were available.
Whatever guy, I haven't seen you ask for anyone else's name(s) and there are other people in this section being helped, and rung up.
Finally, this guy comes over.
And I ask him which laptop he would get, if he could buy one today.
He lead me over to a 4th generation Toshiba.
I've never owned a Toshiba.
My Dell laptop is almost seven years old, and ready to bite the dust.
When I ask him to point out his second pick for me, he takes me over to another laptop.
When I ask him why he would choose this one..... His answer was "it's a touch screen.
"  Not because it has more memory, or that it's faster, or it's a better value..... Because it has a f#cking touchscreen....?
Really?
The Toshiba was on special.
For$ 399, you got the laptop, a sleeve, 6months of internet security, a mouse and a flash drive.
Big effing deal.....
Right ?
But for $399...
I won't complain.
So after that lacking customer "service" experience... We go to check out.
....which wasn't busy at all....we were able to walk right up.
I go up there with the computer, and Madden game.
The cashier didn't even bother saying hello.
She rudely rang up my computer bundle, and the game.
She then tried to sell me geek squad protection... One year for $100.
I asked if the computer had a warranty already on it... And she very snottly said yes, a manufacter's..for a year.
Well, then take your year coverage......and you know what to do with it.
So, after paying almost $500 on two items, she didn't even offer me a bag.
So, I carried the laptop and loose game out.....
But of course, I was stopped by the doorman, who just has to check my freaking receipt.
Utterly pissed.

Terrible store!
No one wants to help you there....they walk around clueless not knowing anything about what they sell.
All I wanted to do was buy a Chromecast device...one guy said "they were all out" but said it in a get out of my face kind of way....so I called the store instead.
A rep answer and said they had plenty in stock....so I went back and talked to a different guy who had the same attitude as the first guy....I just left and went to walmart.
Best buy isn't worth going to anymore.
Now I see why they are going out of business.

Yesterday I went to best buy, and without a doubt, it was the WORST experience ever.
All I needed was an armband for my iPhone 4S so I asked employees where they held them and they all said, "iPhone accessories.
" (No eye contact whatsoever.
) furthermore I asked an employee whom worked in that area where they obtained them, and she directed me to the iPhone 4 accessories and she gave them a quick skim, and told me, "weird they should be here.
Um, I think iPhone 4S and the iPod 4th generation  are the same size.
" So I said, "well I'll like to make sure it is.
" So we tried it out and it didn't fit.
Then she goes on her computer to look if they had any in stock and told me, "we have some on stock but I don't know where.
I think your best bet is to go the best buy on Maryland, they may have more in stock.
" Okay, thanks but no thanks.
So I check again, in the iPhone 4S accessories and they were right f***ing there!
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
I DO NOT ADVICE YOU TO GO UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT YOU WANT AND YOU KNOW WHERE IT'S AT.

I love this Best Buy in Henderson.
The staff is very friendly and the managers are very helpful.
The location is located very convienently next to costco, galleria mall and about a mile away from target and toys r us.
Their price matching plan is pretty robust and they do match newegg and amazon.
Since, amazon started charging taxes, this has been my go to place for electronics.

Who writes a review for Best Buy?
Well when you have gone about 6 times in the last 9 months and had the same disappointing experience, I do.
Don't get me wrong, the products are high quality, and you can find almost anything.
An apple computer, a fridge, the latest season of Dexter, and come to find out, even a new vacuum!
But with the latest online deals, and the recent economy of Craigslist, Amazon, and so forth.
It seems most people come to look at the product, to purchase elsewhere.
This is a normal thing, however the employees are noticing as there seem to be less working every time I am here.
And the ones who are there, don't care enough to help.
I had to wait 15 minutes and ask 3 different people to get something off a high shelf.
The time before, they refused to sell me their floor model computer, and they were sold out at every Best Buy and couldn't ship it.
WHY HAVE A FLOOR MODEL OUT IF YOU CAN NOT BUY THE PRODUCT!?!
PLEASE, tell me the logic in that!!
They have a cool rewards program where you gain points, and get gift cards.
And if you pay your credit card off in a certain amount of time, you don't accrue interest.
Only plus's in my book.
I wish you the best, Best Buy.
But honestly I think your day is approaching, and I will miss you.

This stores customer service is terrible!!
I went in today to buy an Xbox One.
I dealt with a representative by the name of "Natalie Harlow" small brunette girl.
I tried ringing up the Xbox One and a 55" Vizio Tv with my Best Buy credit card  and this lady calls to do the authorization from her personal cell phone.
This is so against company policy not only that my transaction was forwarded to the fraud department due to her unprofessionalism.
I will be contacting corporate in regards to my experience today.
I hope you guys can get that girl some better training and a better attitude.
Even when she brought out the Xbox her first word were "do you want a controller, if so tell me now because I'm not going back there again".
What kind of customer service is that?
The store manager Kyle was really nice and even offered another representative to handle my transaction if I would like to return.

Located near the 215 and Sunset, it's usually a pretty busy location.
The store is very clean, open and bright.
I had ordered an item online but needed to return it.
There were a few people in line with only one person working their customer service desk.
I understand that returns take a bit longer than checking out.
She finally called for some backup to help her out.
The lady who helped me seemed bothered and irritated.
I had a simple return so why frustrated with me?
I guess that's why I try to avoid going into the store.
I have had better experiences at other locations even when returning an item.
I hope I don't have to do this again any time soon.

Came in to buy a 55" TV and some laptop accessories.
I asked the girl if they had a laptop car charger in stock and she said, "Ummmmmmmmmmm, I don't think soooo.
Why don't you ask one of those guys over there?
" Wow, I figured since you're standing in the computer dept next to the geek squad that you might not be completely worthless.
Sometimes I hate being right.
On my way to Costco now to buy my TV.
Idiots.

I have walked in several times trying to purchase a $2500 tv.
I can never get any questions answered or any help.
All the people are rude and non sociable.
Today was the third day they missed out on a sale!!!!!
Don't ship here if you want costumer service!!!!

Eff these guys at Best buy.
$200 to install a sound bar that I paid $200 for????
Wtf???
Eat a bag of dicks!!!
Had me on the phone getting transferred back and forth and hung up on.
Geek Squad certainly know how to rape the shit out of ya.
Cheers, not going back.

It's a Best Buy- there is always something there you want, but don't need!
:)  I actually stopped in to look at laptops, as mine is nearing its retirement....
I have to say I was a lil disappointed by the selection they had, there seemed to be a lot of empty displays in the laptop section, which left me wondering what there was to buy...

I rarely write reviews so this must really got to me for me to write one.
This place has absolutely the worse service possible.
If you could, just buy what you need from Amazon.
I was buying a Macbook Air on the student promo that they had.
One of their reps, named Dylan told me that that they didn't have one on stock and i should be able to pick one up later that week.
The next day i got an email saying that my order will be cancelled if i didn't get an email from best buy.
Apparently the idiot just placed the order in the in store system (which he knew didn't have a stock) and not in the corporate system to get a new order shipped to the store.
Now, the problem is i had to order another one and spend another $700 or so to get another one ordered.
i spoke to another service rep named Kevin.
He told me he could it to me that sunday or monday at the latest.
Apparently he is another idiot and what he had in the system was Tuesday to thursday or so.
I couldn't stay home at that time to receive the laptop.
You wouldn't want a Macbook air left on the patio would you.
He couldn't even arrange that i pick it up front he store.
I talked to a supervisor and manager and he acknowledged my frustration and that they were also at fault.
He said there was nothing he could do.
What was absolutely frustrating was that it was like he didn't really care.
BUY FROM AMAZON!!!
going to a physical store is supposed to be better because we get to talk to associates.
Associates at Best buy are plain idiots!!!!
absolutely no sensible customer service at all.
Even if the email said my first order said it was automatically supposed to cancel itself and refund me by a certain date.
that did not happen.
i had to go back there to have it cancelled.
I eventually got my money but DAMN!!!
i had to pay $1400++ to get a $700 in my house when i wanted a pick up.
DO NOT BUY HERE!!

