Relatively new link the Marriott chain.
Pros: convenient to my customer location, upgraded amenities, including a nice LG Plasma screen & work area.
Cons: close to the noisy 101 freeway, a rogue smoker.

Great experience!
Pro's: Convenient, clean, great customer services, nice room and decor.
Read the previous yelp review before I booked the hotel and knew to ask for a room that was NOT freeway side.
So the noise level was good.
Good breakfast in the AM  at a reasonable price, and drinks in the PM.
Cons: Parking.
The hotel was sold out I believe and parking is not ideal, but free.
The first night we checked in we went to dinner and came back to the room and it smelled like a septic tank.
Not sure why.
The smell did not last.
The overall experience was great for the area....

I was honestly super impressed by this hotel.
Now we did get a room on the other side of the hotel not facing the highway so not sure what its like to get one of those but our room was SUPER clean.
Very very nice.
I was very happy with it.
The shower was great.
Everything seemed so new and clean.
The only thing I didnt like all that much was the bed was a bit harder than I like and the sun rose on the side of the hotel we stayed on and it was super bright in the morning and reflected off the AC in the room which woke me up.
I put towels there the next night and had no problems the next morning with reflection.
The breakfast is AMAZING and totally worth the price.
They make eggs to order.
The staff was super friendly especially the ones in the restaurant.
The pool  and jacuzzi were really nice.
Everything was fantastic.
I wish more hotels were like this one.
Oh yes and its next to a huge mall with lots of popular shops so everything was very convenient.

Nice, clean hotel in Tolleson AZ.
This area has built up over the past couple years and is close to my company location.
Staff is friendly.
Breakfast that you have to pay for is irritating, which is why I don't stay with Courtyard that much.
If Embassy Suites and other mid-tier hotels can do free breakfast, so can Courtyard.
Room rates are a bit on the high side.
Not really sure what is driving this for the area.

This hotel is pretty nice and I booked it because it's close to the office.
Had to cancel the same day after I had already checked in because I was sent to the wrong office.
:/  I was able to see the room and everything was clean and really nice.
Nice king size bed, living room area with the sofa, tv, and desk.

This is probably the nicest Courtyard I have stayed at.
The gym looked nice too, but I didn't have a chance to hit the gym while i was there.
Nice, safe, new, and clean.
a great place to stay.
Free Wi-fi is a plus!

Stayed here at the end of June for a few days.
Super friendly staff.
Normally I go about my business and only talk to people that I have to come into contact with, regarding whatever it is we are doing, but they made us feel like we were special guests any time we were outside our room.
The rooms were very spacious and clean.
They do a great job of making sure things are kept up.
Ive done quite a bit of traveling this year than usual and this place was by far the best experience I have had at a hotel from all these travels.
I would recommend this hotel for anyone having to stay in this area and would stay here again if needing a hotel again in this area.

Spent the weekend here for the Eagles v. Cardinals game this weekend.
It was super clean and the staff was very accommodating.
There was a little chaos that ensued in the hallway but they were quick to take care of the situation and make sure we everything was ok.
THANK YOU to all the staff.

We were in town for a wedding and stayed here.
The rooms are clean and comfortable.
They have free cookies at the front desk at night, and warm coffee in the lobby all day.
The breakfast buffet is worth it.
If only for convenience at a reasonable price.
The cashier originally charged us full price for the kids, but I had he ask a supervisor and it turns out, children 2 and under are free and 11 and under are half price.
Happy to learn the hotel was near the Dodgers Spring Training Camp, so we were able to catch a game too.
BONUS!!!
My only complaint is the night person had an attitude problem.
Like we were bothering her by checking in at 11:00 PM.

Read all the Yelp reviews before going to their website where I found the best rate in town.
Pros:  1.
Easy to find.
Great location, just off 101 and 10 freeways.
Easy to get to downtown Phoenix, Goodyear, Laveen, Tempe, Glendale.
Within minutes of a multitude of shopping, dining options.
Clean, modern room.
Convenient parking.
Excellent cafe for breakfast.
Special thank you, Kendra.
Friendly, helpful staff.
Special thank you, Alexia.
Excellent room rate.
Complimentary cookies at front desk every night.
10.
Small, but useful convenience store (bottled water, sodas)  Con: 1.
Earwig insect.
Unusual heat wave, 120 degrees on the hottest day of year.
3 small pincher bugs (earwig) appeared in the bathroom late at night.
The next morning I called the front desk and asked that the room to be sprayed.
I don't know if that happened.
There was no note or phone message left in the room.
The next night.
One more bug appeared.
Again, I reported at the front desk.
I was told they would call the engineer and he'd spray.
No note or voice mail was left in the room to confirm.
The 3rd night 1 more bug appeared.
I reported at front desk again and was told the engineer would be alerted.
When we returned to the room that night a note from the engineer was left in room stating that he'd sprayed the entire room.
No bug that night.
The room fridge was too loud.
We had to turn it off so we could sleep at night.
No cold water or soda for us.
Small price to pay for good night's sleep.
SUMMARY: We will stay here again for convenience and affordable rate.

Another visit to Courtyard while in Phoenix.
The rates were much higher because of Thanksgiving holiday, but the stay was still comfortable and location convenient.
Noteworthy: Firm mattresses.
Cozy comforter.
Abundant pillows.
Huge shout out to Bradley at the front desk.
I called before arriving to request late check in.
No problem.
There'd be rooms available.
When we got there he was still  on duty helping another travel weary couple.
Bradley was personable.
Upbeat.
Positive throughout his conversation.
They talked about their children, why they were traveling to Phoenix, local golfing, and their hometown (near Bradley's hometown).
All the while he was steadily searching for a room, getting their key, conveying additional services they might use during their stay.
They seemed to chat an awful long time, but I wasn't in a hurry so I eavesdropped.
Once they were on their way he focused exclusively on me and provided the exact same degree of attention and personable service.
Impressive.
That's a man in the right job.
Additional shout out to Lettie for keeping our rooms spotless.
We had a delightful stay, and will definitely be back.

The hotel is nice, the rooms are great.
However service is the worst.
I was woken up at 1am by a bunch of loud noisy people drinking and slamming doors.
Screaming and laughing I thought maybe they would quite down.
30min to an Hour go by so we call the front desk.
We had to call 3x and still nothing was done.
All they did was barely knock to tell them to be quiet.
After they left the people just went back to yelling.
The only option we were given was for us to move.
So if you want to stay up all night have a loud party and scream come here no one will stop you.
If you want sleep and actually enjoy the night go somewhere else.

great hotel!
i'll def be back to stay here!
very friendly employees, amazing breakfast!

