Bike around the lake!
Madison is incredibly bike friendly, and this bike path is the best of the best.
This route is very well marked, uses bike trails or bike lanes (though there's a good amount of street riding on VERY low-traffic streets), and runs through some of the most beautiful Madison neighborhoods.
If you don't know where to start, pop in to Machinery Row (to rent a bike or grab a map) and be on with it, because it's ON the bike path.
The route is around 13 miles and takes around an hour to an hour and a half (but that all depends on you of course).
Very easy, only a few small hills.
It is one of the best ways to spend a beautiful sunny day in Madison!

Short review:  I ride my bike a lot...usually about 100 miles/week.
I'm on this particular path every single time (so 5 days/week).
It's beautiful and winds along Lake Mendota.
It's functional.
If you can put up with the idiots who like to walk on the wrong side of the path, it's a worthwhile ride.
It loses a star for one reason: A lot of the path is in shambles.
It hasn't been paved forever and cracks are everywhere.
For a city with lots of money to spend and one constantly under construction, you'd think Madison would take a couple weeks to pave the damn thing.
I'll keep riding on it regardless, though.

13-13.5 mile run around the lake.
Going counter clockwise around starting at the Capitol, the first coffee shop/restroom/water is at about the 8 mile mark.
95% of the trail is on residential streets with the houses completely blocking the view of the lake.
Large sections of the "bike trail" are unmarked and don't actually have a bike lane.
Bikers were not runner friendly.
Not what I expected, don't recommend.

We rented B bikes right outside our hotel and biked the entire lake in just over an hour.
It was a really nice ride, very enjoyable and not difficult.
The marked path goes all over, next to the lake, through neighborhoods and parks.
It was fun to see areas of Madison we would not have seen otherwise.
Would recommend this as a fun adventure!

Overall, my bike ride along this trail was pleasant and I am definitely planning to do it again.
I'm a leisurely biker, and for me this trial was well marked, popular among other cyclists, and not very busy as far as cars go.
There's also a few rest areas in parks a little off the trail.
I stopped in Winnequah park to get water and use the restroom, and it was decent.
The views and neighborhoods that are along this trail are gorgeous during the summer.
The main reason it lost a star was this detour on the east side of the lake at Walter road.
Apparently, the city of Monona doesn't allow bikes on the sidewalk, so for part of the trail you have to detour through a neighborhood.
The detour involves many turns weaving around blocks.
If you don't mind riding on the side of a busy street for about 5 minutes, I would recommend ignoring the detour signs and just staying on the original road until you meet up with the trail again.
A bike lane is marked after about 5 minutes of riding, so you don't have to ride with traffic very far.

