Delicious ice cream and custard made on the Madison campus!
Orange custard chocolate chip is a must have!

Mmm...!
This place is my favorite for ice cream.
I've been to both the Chocolate Shoppe and Paciguio and they don't compare.
I got the pumpkin pie and Union topia.
Both had rich flavors and textures.
The prices are right too.
$3.25 for two BIG scoops.
Yum.

The Daily Scoop is located in the student union building of Madison University.
The locally made ice cream has a rotating menu of yummy flavors.
The store is an open counterfront with no dedicated seating, but the building itself has as open lounge / seating area nearby overlooking the lake.
There are also plenty areas outside the building to hangout.
I visited the Daily Scoop for the first time this weekend and noticed the multiple staff on duty.
The service was speedy even with the large crowd of customers asking for samples of everything.
It was a busy weekend due to the Halloween street festival and the Daily Scoop was prepared for it.
My order was a scoop of the Chocolate Peanut Butter ice cream and it was super delicious.
The ice cream was thick and creamy with swirls of peanut butter mixed in.
The peanut butter retained its own texture and flavor without melding into the ice cream.
YUM!

The flavor of the mint cookie could definitely be more pronounced, and for ice cream of average quality, the price could certainly be lower.
But while the ice cream itself is nothing special, it will do in a pinch.
3 stars for the location.

Orange Chocolate Chip.
You won't be sorry.
Creamy, Smooth, & Rich.
Coming from someone who not a big fan of chocolate only white(yeah I know it's not REAL chocolate).
Friendly staff.
Long line but moves quickly with lots of staff on hand and 2 registers.

Best ice cream in the world.
My favorites are the orange custard chocolate chip, blue moon, and a strawberry/mint mix.
And there's no better place in the world to eat ice cream than in the back of the Union with the sound of live music, people chattering away, ducks waddling around and the sailboats floating in Lake Mendota.

First off, I think it's ABSURD that Babcock uses gelatin in their ice cream.
Any ice cream maker worth their salt would never use that sort of additive (seriously, no one does this...it's very strange).
I suspect they're trying to cover up poor quality ingredients.
Secondly, I can't understand why Babcock refuses make and use dairy products that are hormone free--even the behemoth dairy conglomerate Dean's has stopped using hormones.
Besides those two BIG strikes against it, most flavors are generally unimpressive, with the exception of the awesomeness that is the orange chocolate chip custard (hence two stars and not one).
It's important to observe, however, that creamy deliciousness of the orange custard ice cream results from it being a custard and NOT because it comes laced with gelatin.

Ah, Daily Scoop.
One of the many reasons why I love Madison so much.
These guys are one of a select few that actually know what good ice cream is.
Many attempt and many fail, but these guys do not.
They know their stuff.
Daily Scoop ice cream is quality.
Such rich & creamy deliciousness!
The chocolate peanut butter and coffee-caramel-chocolate flavors are wondrous.
Plus they give you a great amount for the price you pay.
This is the real deal.

This place is the $#^t!
(Certainly for someone like me who can't digest dairy.
)  But if you know me, you know I'm willing to bend the rules when it's right.
And the Daily Scoop's (Babcock Creamery made) cool treats are absolutely right in my book.
They're rich and creamery and hit the spot every single time, regardless of the writhing pain I feel after.
Simply put they stock the best chocolate peanut butter I've ever laid my licks on, and I've had my share of chocolate peanut butter ice cream.
The chocolate itself is rich without being to sweet, and the ribbons of peanut butter are plentiful!
They have oodles of other flavors, some fruit based and some legendary to the UW Campus, but it's hard for me to pass up the chocolate peanut butter.
College coeds are extremely patient while peeps make decisions, and not shy about hearty scoops.
It's good, good stuff closely connected to the campus and that makes me all warm and fuzzy like badger.
A proud badger.

Ice cream is delicious and so fresh!
Great for a hot summer day after taking an admission tour for University of Wisconsin.

This little shop is located in the ground/basement floor of the UW Union.
They have some of the best ice cream I have ever had.
It even rivals my other favorite - the MSU Dairy Store.
You can really taste the freshness and quality of the cream and milk used to make this ice cream.
I recommend trying some of the unique flavors they have, as that is the best way to see what they do differently from everyone else.
The salted caramel is excellent!

I love ice cream and I love the Daily Scoop!
I've been there once and they impressed me so much that I will have to be back again soon.
I kept trying to make it there but I either got there too late or I forgot to go all together.
I order a peanut butter flavor and that is exactly what I ate, spoons full of peanut butter!
It was perfect.
Wait, did I just say that about ice cream?
I think I did.
I don't think I will ever get a better scoop of peanut butter ice cream anywhere else (I'm a little disappointed by that - guess I'll just have to buy more from the Daily Scoop).

Super cheap for the quality!
Get peanut butter chocolate and butter pecan.

After dinner on the terrace, we were looking to get some Babcock ice cream.
Unfortunately, the outdoor ice cream Babcock stand was closed at 9pm, so we had just missed it.
Thankfully, the guy closing up shop said there was more Babcock ice cream inside the union at Daily Scoop.
The line is ridiculous.
It is about a 15 minute wait.
Is it worth it?
The little 5 year old girl in front of me would say so.
Her parents tried every ounce of logic to convince her to get ice cream elsewhere, but when they asked if she still wanted ice cream from here, it was a resounding "YES!
"   In my opinion, I don't like the fluffiness of the Babcock ice cream compared to some of the denser and harder ice cream in Atlanta, so I was thinking this deserves more of a 3.5 star.
However, they do have some fun flavors, so I'll round it up to a 4 star.
BLUE MOON This is a deceivingly named ice cream, because it is not related to the Blue Moon craft beer at all.
Instead, it is a fruit flavored ice cream that straight up tastes like a ice cream version of Fruit Loops.
I tried a sample of it, and it definitely is very unique, and would see how kids would love this flavor and the blue coloring.
However, please don't order it thinking it is craft beer ice cream.
CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE DOUGH This flavor was mostly a vanilla cream based ice cream with a bunch of chocolate chips, and unfortunately not any noticeable cookie dough chunks.
Because of the lack of cookie dough chunks, I wasn't a fan of this.
ORANGE CUSTARD CHOCOLATE CHIP This was superb!
It reminded me of my elementary school days with a hint of the orange cream Flintstone pops with a bunch of decent sized chocolate chip pieces.
It was worth the purchase.
MOCHA MACCHIATO This was my favorite of all the flavors I tried.
The coffee flavor added just the perfect amount of bitterness to offset the sweetness of the ice cream.
My general disappointment with the rest of the ice cream was that it was too sweet and fluffy for my liking and wish I had something to wash it down.
The Mocha Macchiato was the perfect balance of flavor.
Waffle cone?
Yes.
Get it.

