Okay, so I am not really sure if this is the same Salsitas I am accustomed to, But it is in Mesa so that is close enough.
Salsitas is unassuming enough, if you were to pass it going along your way minding your own buisness you might not even realize what a gem this tasty little place is.
I sure didnt.
One day at lunch break my buddy Jose and I are out on the search for a good burrito, we'd been burned previously by a competing little Taquería, Senor Taco- now La Palapa, but i digress.
So wondering where to go for our measly 30 minute break, and running short on time I was getting desperate.
Then Jose opines, "oh man they have a salsitas here!
" So I jam on the e-brake and spin my 96 hyundai accent into a tailspin 180 degrees and jam on the pedal whipping it into the Salsitas parking lot.
We climb out of the egg shaped vehicle and i slide across the hood dukes of hazard style and we trot into the joint.
Straight up authentico feel to the place, not a whitey around and just some really smelly (in a good way) grub sizzling away, there is a sneeze guard but behind it you can see all the various types of meats they offer, from Carnitas to Pastor, I was in hog heaven.
We order two burritos de pastor, I get mine w/ guac, pico, and refriend pintos free of charge.
As we waited we sipped on horchata poured from a huge bucket, and labour over the salsa bar picking and choosing our condiments.
The salsa bar is really, probably my favorite part.
I always get some sliced raddish, pickled carrot, shredded cabbage, lime, salsa verde, and a few sliced cucumbers to supplement my already hulking burro.
By the time we're done w/ the salsa bar, our burritos are finished and off we speed back to work.
As I'm typing this my fingers smell of garlic and spiced pork meat, my stomach is full, and my eyelids heavy.
Although the remainder of my day is hard to accomplish after my trips to salsitas I always leave satisfied.
For under $5 you can grab a monster of a meal, that frankly isnt nearly as greasy or fatty as say Filly B's or that shit hole taco bell.
I love salsitas and will continue to make my weekly pilgrimage.

Try the Torta Cubana- best I've ever had.
Carne Asada Tacos too.
The rest is meh.

