Pearce's is a fantastic, vibrant, friendly cafe / pub / restaurant 5 minutes walk from Waverley steps (if you have long legs like me).
It would probably consider itself a pub first and a cafe / eatery second, but the standard of food served here is honestly better than most of the restaurants I have visited in the city.
Top-class stuff.
During the day there is a section at the rear of the bar dedicated to customers with young children, something I hadnt seen before and thought I would hate, but it actually creates a really friendly, cheerful atmosphere in the bar.
There are often events like art auctions and baking competitions held here, which although twee sounding, help add a unique flavour to the place and really help Pearce's stand out from the crowd.
Great for a drink or a bite to eat on a sunny afternoon, as well as a relaxing pub to unwind in during the evening.

This pub is definitely owned by people who are integrated into their community and understand what their customers, many of whom are students, want.
As soon as you walk in it feel clean and well organised, and on the walls there are plenty of adverts for events including charity auctions and and a weekly jog on Tuesdays at 7pm to a place called Sofi's and back again.
I'm not entirely sure why they do this, but it apparantly attracts quite a crowd.
Apart from this, the drinks are well priced and the service is friendly and effective.
The food is proper gastropub stuff with posh poached eggs on ciabatta toast and a wide selection of crepes.
I had a smoked salmon sandwich with salad which cost £5.
This seems a lot, but it was a good portion which provided a filling meal in itself.
Joseph Pearce does excellent business and you only have to visit once to understand why.

This place is most certainly a shining example of a pub giving its customers (mostly students and young professionals) what they want.
If you could imagine a pub that knows its clientel, and aims to keep them - its Joseph Pearce.
The food is splendid, and while may seem over priced, it is actually good value for money - not only does it taste great, there are some whopping portions as well.
The decor is relaxed and stylish, while the staff are friendly and welcoming.
Drinks are a tad on the expensivce side, but there is a large selection and you always get the good stuff when you ask for a spirit and mixer.
I like this place a lot, but I guess thats exactly what Joseph Pearce is trying to make me feel.

Long live the swedes!
That's the general vibe of this restaurant/bar, which was bought over by a Swedish couple a few years ago.
Having lived in Sweden for two years, I noticed the sign outside advertising Swedish cider.
Many restaurants offer that these days, but once you step in you can't miss the large Swedish flag and paraphernalia on the walls.
The menu is a clever mix of Swedish pancakes, cured salmon and a smorgasbord, and some more general European dishes such as Barcelona salad and tiger prawns with gazpacho!
Jonathan Pearce is quite large, and the rooms near the rear are very nicely decorated.
They hold several theme events throughout the year and my friend and I are anxious to go to an all day barbecue there this weekend!

So I guess this place is SWEDISH?
Had no idea until I tried ordering the bratwurst...  "Uh, that comes on a bun, right?
"  "A what?
"  "A bun.
You know...
BREAD?
"  "Oh... no.
It comes on a salad.
"  "Then I'll have the hamburger; with cheese.
That comes on a bun, right?
"  "It comes on a salad.
This is a Swedish restaurant.
"  "Of course...
I'll have the JP Smorgasbord.
"  Good choice.
The variety plate was chock full of tastiness, and the Gravad Lax salad Joe ordered was out of this world.
Not the cheapest lunch I've enjoyed here in Edinburgh, but a light and delicious meal shared with friends on the outdoor patio under the shiniest sun we've seen in this side of the Atlantic.
Very friendly service to boot!

I came in here for a coffee, and something to eat, having infrequently enjoyed some of the company's other efforts: Sofi's and Bar Boda.
The space feels lovely and airy upon entering, with nice relaxing music on the stereo.
Fantastically individual atmosphere with birdcages hanging from the ceiling and interesting artwork adorning the walls.
Staff seem friendly enough, if a bit impersonal; I ordered my black coffee at the bar, was given a menu (bound in a hardback copy of Disney's Beauty & the Beast no-less), and took my seat.
Coffee is from Artisan Roast on Broughton St, so I wasn't surprised to taste a superbly balanced cup.
Marvellous.
I ordered the burger to eat.
Extras such as cheese and bacon are available on the menu from £0.50 to £1, but I ordered it 'as it comes'.
No mention of accompanying fries or potato wedges is made on the menu so I held my breath.
I thought "Surely for £8, I'll get fries AND a cherry on top!".
I got out my laptop to do some work while I waited.
The free wifi worked for a few minutes before chucking me off and ceasing to function.
My burger arrived accompanied by small, but lovely, rocket, tomato and olive salad.
Fresh leaves and nicely dressed.
Besides the salad, there was nothing else on the plate apart from a hearty looking bun containing a burger, and a few wilting leaves.
No fries, no onion, no cherry on top!
"Oh well", I thought, "the burger must taste excellent, surely, with an £8 price tag!".
To my disgust, the first bite revealed a barely cooked chunk of mincemeat.
Now I love my burger on the pink side, but this was a step too far.
At the second time of asking, my burger arrived and I ate, but it felt overcooked and tough this time.
Perhaps finished in the microwave, to ensure no more raw meat mishaps?
Who knows.
When I finished eating, I sat in front of the empty plate for fifteen minutes before I left.
Surely 'good service' stops when your guests leave your establishment, not when you've just messed up their order and they're sitting at one of your tables!
I've eaten many vastly superior burgers in my days and paid less for the pleasure.
The cheaper burgers all came with fries too!
Still waiting for a cherry on top though.
I probably wouldn't go back to this bar, certainly not to eat anyway.
All in all, a crushing disappointment.
Especially on a quiet Thursday afternoon.
High point - fantastic coffee from Artisan roast, tasty rocket with the burger.
Low point - leaving the place with that same bitter taste in the mouth you get when you've been mugged in broad daylight in a dodgy bar.

I've been here a few times and each time I walk away going "meh"  I think maybe I'm not hip enough to properly enjoy this place because there really isn't anything wrong with it, but I have never felt like there is anything quite good about it either.
They have a reasonable selection of beer and make cocktails (which I've not tried) as well.
Apparently their food is quite nice and it certainly did smell that way when I was in on Saturday.
It was busy and had a very interesting selection of people ranging from hipsters to middle aged and old folk.
But when I go there I don't want to sit around and stay awhile.
I don't feel like it's the kind of place where I can spend hours chatting and people watching.
I think maybe it's the decor?
It's a bit bland, a bit uninspired but trying to be cool - you know, old tables and chairs which aren't old in a nice way, but in a bit of a "found on the street corner" kind of way.
The menus are also strapped into old kids books, which are also a bit manky.
I know this place is a favourite of a lot of people, it's just not the place for me.

good bar if you can get it at an off time, which is rare these days.
the food is amazing, and definitely worth checking out, but the clientele is mixed...and during the day, it can be full of children, which isn't my bag.
i used to drink here before it was joseph pearce's, and although i'm sure the food wasn't as good, and it definitely wasn't so quirkily charming, i think i might have preferred it!
i do like old man bars though, a lot.

It actually pains me a little to give Joseph Pearce an 'A-OK' review.
I wanted to like it so badly, and I did in a lot of ways.
But there was one major detracting factor that meant I couldn't in all honesty give it a 'woo-hoo!
' or 'yey!
'  Let's do the whole compliment sanwich though shall we?
First up, the good stuff.
It's got outdoor seating aplenty, which on a lovely summer's evening like the one just passed meant it was chocca with folk enjoying a wee drink and bar snacks.
There's also plenty space inside.
It kind of goes on and on.
Nice big bar, big tall ceilings, lots of cute little sofas, tables, mismatched furniture.
I really like the space.
There's cool art work hanging on the walls, for sale.
They're also a real community bar (linked to their other two sister pubs, Victoria's and Sofi's) with a jogging group, games night, and often allowing groups to use the space like the Edinburgh BlogTogether and knitting group.
The staff are all friendly, lovely and really welcoming.
The crowd are super cool.
The music is awesome too.
We were there on a Sunday night and every Sunday they have a different DJ on decks - pretty darned funky guys.
The food....now, how did you all guess this is what I take more seriously and perhaps where the few stars were lost?
The food menu isn't hugely extensive.
It's a Swedish restaurant and the menu reflects that without being too alien to British palates.
I've heard the brunch is ace on a stick.
The mains are things like meatballs, jamaican chicken, cheese board, steak sandwich, a few salads, soup of the day etc.
The boy had the mushroom soup of the day and the meatballs.
Both of which were great!
Like, really really good (hence why the 3 stars pains me).
The soup was so creamy and also thick with mushrooms.
The meatballs were meaty, flavourful and a really, really generous portion.
I'd say about 7 meatballs in total, with potatoes.
So where, then, did it all go wrong?
My duck salad.
I asked the waitress if it were a starter or main size.
I was hungry, I wanted a lot of meat and I was torn between the jamaican chicken and the duck salad.
I was told it was a 'main portion' size.
Well, comparing my duck salad to the boy's meatballs side-by-side, both of which cost around £8 - £9 I would have to disagree.
6 very thin small slices of duck breast atop a medium sized portion of lettuce with some creamy potato thing underneath.
Honestly, there was probably two mouthfuls of duck on my plate.
To say I was disappointed is an understatement.
I ate it all and felt like I hadn't even made a start.
And I was told this was a main portion.
Again, compared to the boys meatballs, which were also a main and were a huge portion which he couldn't actually finish, I just don't get it.
After a glass of red and one and a half meatballs snaffed from the boys plate I felt ok. And the wee mini-Dime bars that came with the bill helped (I'm easily won over with chocolate).
I think this is a case of you live you learn, and if I return to Joseph Pearce's I'll know to order the metballs or chicken rather than one of the salads if I want to be filled up.
It's just a shame.
Had I perhaps ordered the chicken, and received a whole main portion of chicken (a breast perhaps?
) and enjoyed it and felt full for my £8, I may well have given this place 5 stars not only 4.
And this isn't a case of me complaining for its own sake.
When the waitress took my dish away and asked how it was, I told her honestly "Well to be honest the portion size was a lot smaller than I expected but I had a few meatballs so I'm ok." All said with a smile.
Had the salad been labelled as a starter I wouldn't have been as disappointed.
Gosh I am bitter about this aren't I?!
That's a hefty review.
Basically, I like this bar, it has a good vibe to it and some things on the menu are great.
In terms of stopping by for drinks alone I can easily see myself doing that...I just won't be ordering that darned duck salad again!

So I came back.
And I like it a lot.
In my previous review I was disappointed that I could only give J.P. 3 stars due to a measly portion of duck in my duck salad.
And that still stands.
But upon returning, I purposely tried something different and boy I was impressed.
I had the Jamaican Chicken, with bombay potatoes.
I was actually dining with a genuine Swede who told me it's a joke that Swedish portions are quite small.
And this certainly wasn't overflowing on my plate.
But you nkow what?
It was enough and I think it's symptomatic of bad dining out culture that we expect enough food to make us uncomfortably full.
Unlike my duck salad, I had a full chicken breast, and a medium size serving of potatoes.
And boy, that chicken was goooood.
And the potatoes.
Num.
All of it.
It was the perfect portion, full of flavour, and just great.
Three boys in our company ordered the steak and cheese sandwich.
If you can call it a sandwich.
It was so overflowing with chunks of steak, onions and gooey cheese that it wasn't really able to be picked up.
But forks and knives at the ready, it was demolished.
I really like the vibe in J.P.
I like the kids-books-disguised-menus.
I like the DJs.
I like the staff.
I like a lot about it.
I can now see myself becoming a regular.
It's got such a great community feel, and when there I noticed them advertising their crayfish parties and a BBQ.
Seems they like to play host to a cool crowd of people.
So far I'm still hesitant about the menu and will continue to avoid the salads in case of tiny portions, but everything else is spot on.

I really like this pub, although I immediately feel the need to qualify that statement.
It has its detractors, and their criticisms are valid, but like any successful brand, its smugness is the price you have to pay for the quality of the product.
So I guess that makes JP's the iPod of pubs.
First, the good.
It's big, nicely decorated, has a variety of seating, from couches to tables, and they have a variety of international beer.
Only one real ale on handpull though, which is a bit of a travesty in Edinburgh, but they have some in bottles.
Most Edinburghers will be familiar with this Swedish theme shtick (they also own Victoria's, Boda Bar and Sofi's), but what can I say, it works.
Then the bad.
It's ridiculously overpriced.
At £4.40 a pint, it must be the most expensive pint in Edinburgh (for a pub), making London look reasonably priced.
I really can't believe I would pay that much for a pint, but when you're on Leith Walk and looking for a good pub, or a handy meeting place, or you want to park your fixed wheel bike, sink into a couch and whip out your MacBook, then this is the place.
Hang on, didn't I just say I liked it here?
Another downside is the noise.
There's something about the acoustics there that makes it really hard to hear what people are saying.
Or maybe that's just my age.
What?!
They also do food.
I've never eaten there, but I've heard it's good.
During the day it's a yummy mummy hangout, with a play area and light lunches.
One of their quirks is to put the menus in old Disney comics.
I was a bit embarrassed once when a waitress asked if I was ready to order but I wasn't looking at the menu; I was reading the Donald Duck comic!
So yes, it's smug, expensive and tends to be frequented by 30-something middle class people.
But it's big, beautiful and central.
I think a few years ago I would have said it was too posh and up itself.
But now I'm a sad 30-something and I like it.
Hey, it has wifi and Birra Morretti on tap.
Now where's my iPod?

Ah, Joseph Pearce.
I love this place.
I'd quite happily move in.
And as anyone watching my check ins would notice, I kind of already have...
I don't think I ever went before its Swedish reincarnation - I gather it was a bit of a rough old place.
That's hard to imagine now, with its lovely high ceilings and nooks and crannies.
There's lots of shabby couches and quirky fittings, and it just feels a really comfortable place to be.
There are little cosy corners around the entrance/ bar area, and then a more open mezzanine above.
There's a child friendly area down the back, too.
I don't know how you'd get a pushchair up there - the stairs are steep and narrow - but there's a few toys and things to keep children amused.
It does tend to be where I go with girlfriends, in small groups - I think a big group would find it hard to get comfortably seated together, and it can be noisy.
The beer selection's not the greatest either.
So, hey, we're forced into getting a nice bottle of wine instead.
And the food!
I almost forgot - the food is fantastic.
You find the menu hidden in a Disney book on each table, and there's always a good range of interesting salads, hot sandwiches, and swedish meatballs.
One eccentric touch is their refusal to serve chips, because 'Scottish people eat too many chips'.
Hmm, ok - but then they serve Hasselback potatoes: roasted potatoes covered in cheese.
I'm not entirely convinced that's a step up nutritionally - but they taste good, so I'm happy.

I only took a visit here for drinks so I shall be basing my review on that.
I have always wanted to go here and when I arrived in all honesty, I was not quite sure what to make of the place.
It was pretty busy and I was huddled by the door, and not too happy about it!
But we did manage to get a table!
And I managed to nab myself a wee rocking seat in the corner..... old age, here I come!
The drinks selection here is good but it is a little on the Pricey side.
I bought an elderflower cider ( which was lovely and would recommend, much better tha the Kopparberg version I have had) and a pint of Stella, or something like that.
I got little to no change from a tenner.
The surroundings are great, comfortable, quirky and cosy.
The menu sounds tasty and I would come back to sample something!
The mix of people was a little odd, but other than I enjoyed my drinks here and would come back but I wouldn't spend a whole evening here, I couldn't afford it!

A popular post-work drinking spot, Pearce's, part of the Boda, Victoria, Sofi's chain of Scandinavian places, is always enjoyable.
The stylings are relaxed, and the food is tasty.
Overall, we said: "Pearce's does a really nice line in upscale pub grub, with their menu covering your needs from snacking to full meals with equal elegance.
It's quirky, airy surroundings, full of arty character make it a really nice venue to sit and have a relaxing meal.
We'll be back, no doubt, and would recommend you consider paying it a visit, too.

Joseph Pearce is one of a small Edinburgh chain of pubs and the lack of free tables is a testament to its popularity.
So far I've only been to JP's for drinks and have been fortunate enough to be there when it is warm enough to sit outside (although if you feel a chill there are some warm blankets for you).
There is an OK selection of beers on pump and some particularly nice bottled beers such as Black Isle.
This is a good pub to meet up with someone for a chat and a pint.

Want a decent pint in a trendy bar with like minded people?
Joseph Pearce is the place to be.
This funky bar has something for everyone - children's area for families during the day, tasty cakes and a great selection of beers.
JP's is a great spot whether it be enjoying a cider whilst soaking up some rays in their small outside seating area during the day or having a good old natter with mates at night.
Great location too on Elm Row so easily accessible for heading into town afterwards, on the way home from work and there are lots of restaurants within a stones throw.
A bit pricey but definitely worth it!!

MEATBALLS.
ARE.
AWESOME.
(decent portion size too - Jenny L :P)  In fact so awesome that they tempted one of our dining group who had eaten dinner beforehand and went in for seconds.
Where as I would not *normally* go for potato salad and (normal) salad with my meatballs, J.P. did and it works well.
Other meals on the table included an aubergine steak and a chicken-with-chorizo dish (which actually looked small compared to the other mains served).
Of note is that even though we had a dinner reservation time of around 7pm, many of the mains (three out of the six or so on offer) had already sold out - annoying to say the least..  Service was OK, a little hit and miss.
One waiter was awesome, the other one disappeared at random and we ended up having to go down to the bar to order drinks back up to our table.
No kids-books-disguised menus during our visit, just (not enough) drink menus.. had to track one down on many an occasion :|  But, all in all, good food ... service _could_ have been better, but it's a pub, so...

Why it took me so long to write about JP I don't know.
To me this bar shines in all seasons.
But to me the Summer and Winter stand out.
Summer - they have a suntrap terras, and the occaisional BBQ!
In Winter they have a cozy setting inside and many 'wintery specials' : mulled wine, warm pear thingy and christmas menu.
Yes this is mostly a Bar but the food is superb - thoug portion size is a little under generous.
I like the fact that I can go here with my friends and play games - we had scrabble and cranium and this worked brilliant  On Friday's and Saturday's it is busy and quite loud.
But no too much so you cannot hear eachother or have to resort to sign language to order a drink.
We normally meet up with people here with the intention to eventually go to other bars and that hardly happens - (if it does happen we go to Victoria or Boda)   The Wifi is Free and so is the atmosphere - you feel relaxed and comfertable to do what ever you feel like doing.
My best memory was the Zombie  Walk & Horror Night (2010) and we met so many people who frequent here very often and we had a brilliant night walking through the Leith walk area visiting the other "Boda Group" Bars.
What is also a pleasant feauture from what I've seen is that during the day they have coffee mornings for mums and dads that have little kids but still like to go out for a change.
This place has a lot of fans from many different corners in Edinburgh - may it long continue!

Great vibe.
Always busy.
Rating as 4-star because drinks are pricey.

Any one who knows me knows I spend a lot of time here.
It's great for meals, the JP's Steak brunch being a favourite.
And the beers are Quality.
No Tenents or Carling to be seen, no Barcardi, no Grants nor Smirnoff.
Imagine all the negatives that come with those beers and Liquors now imagine you're favourite bar without them,,, Welcome to JP's.
it is an expensive bar, but it is nicely done.
Oh and by the way if you don't agree with me, I don't think you'll fit in, that's cool, see you at the Windsor when JP's closes at 12 (weekdays)!

Ok, having spent a few hours here on Friday night I thought it deserved an upgrade.
I think that my previous negative impression was partially due to *when* I visited - on a weekend afternoon when the place was pretty dead.
My Friday night excursion was much more enjoyable - albeit cold enough that we had to keep our jackets on.
The atmosphere was good, it was busy without being too full or making the queues at the bar too long.
The bottled beer selection was varied and it even had the Williams' Cesar Augustus that I was going on about in another review.
That stuff is so tasty it unfortunately distracted me from trying to Swedish elderflower cider that  was being served in really cool looking bottles.
The beers on tap were much less varied which was a shame as it does feel somewhat strange to pay through the nose for a bottle of beer in a bar when you can walk to the off license up the road for the same bottle at a fraction of the price.
We even tried the meatballs with horseradish sauce - juicy and tasty, though the sauce wasn't spicy at all!
All in all a much better experience than I'd had before - next time a friend suggests meeting here,  I won't moan at the thought!

JPs, part of the Edinburgh Swedish bar empire!
Other bars include Victoria, Sofis and Boda (all in Leith) plus the newest member, Hemma, off the Cowgate.
Exciting, trendy bar with beautiful decor.
Floral, oriental-looking pillars, birdcages hanging from the ceiling, nice relaxing music on the stereo, free wifi, bright coloured cushions / sofas and interesting artwork for sale on the walls.
By day the pub is geared towards families, with a child area located on a raised platform to the left of the bar, which is filled with child's toys and places for them to draw.
And by night the bar is transformed into a funky social drinking night spot with dim lighting and groovy tunes.
Serving their famous Iduns Swedish ciders and speciality spirits and beers.
It has a laidback atmosphere and the staff are nice but maybe a bit impersonal at times?
There is always events on as well and they have a real community atmosphere much like their other bars.
And the best bit... they give bright green blankets for when you sit outside.

I'm giving Joseph Pearce's 4 stars based on the cool vibe, atmosphere, live music and selection of booze.
I haven't eaten here....
Yet!
I do like this place.
I sometimes forget about it's existence when put under pressure to think of a good place to meet friends for drinks but its firmly back on my radar now.
I just wish I lived closer so it could be my local!

In here at the weekend for the first time in a few years.
Rammed so it was, which meant manouvering past the bar was a tad tricky.
Only in to meet folk then move on so paid little attention to the wares on offer although apparently they have a lot of different gins.
Getting in early seems to be the idea although the service wasn't too bad given the amount of punters but I bet the staff have to work like trojans.

Still going strong and I am now seeing that they made this bar a very valued member of the community.
The terras is as sunny as ever , and if there is a chilling wind the colourful Ikea blankets are a great warmer and wind breaker.
The bar is always busy, but many of them are familiar faces - they truly live up to the moniker 'local'.
The prices have increased since last year, but so have those over many other establishements.
The beers served are global brand and local brew side by side, so a Kronenburg 1664 and a Blue Moon is perfectly possible.
They also have their own Swedish ciders called Iduns and this is a joy to drink over ice when catching some sunshine.
This is to me a friendly neighbourhood pub & restaurant with some international allure.

It is a Friday night in Auld Reekie, Sun is shining, working week is over, you hop on a train at Edinburgh Park and are in a grown ups Disneyland of Bar Options before the Waverley Clock hits ten past.
So where do you go?
Being YF&S (well Y'ish' anyway), balmy nights like this would naturally lead me to George Street but I wandered down past The Omni and remembered a long lost love that didnt have a flat on Albert Street and a cat that hated me.
This forgotten gem was of course a bar called 'Joseph Pearce'.
It had been 2009 since we last met and 'Joseph' had gone all 'Sven' since then.
The essentials remain the same though, cracking location especially on a night like this, a 'cool without trying too hard' interior and staff who are on the ball without being in your face.
Perfecto.
I ordered a bottle of House White which was Spanish, under £13 and perfectly quafable.
Ice Bucket in hand, I settled onto a Stool by the window to wait for my hastily texted friend and watched the party unfold in the outside seating area.
It is such a lovely space to do this, as airy and laid back a bar as you could ever want to visit with a clientele so mixed and interesting you should be barred if you dare web browse your smart phone rather than wonder what their stories are?
So why only three stars?
Well, two reasons for losing two stars.
Firstly the Gents Toilets are Grim with a capital Grim.
I appreciate that it is a limited and rather restricted space but it is just not good and a broken cubicle lock when there is only one anyway = fail.
Secondly the food just didnt rock my boat at all.
To accompany the second bottle of vino we had a selection of 3 starters to pick at, Tigers Prawns, Hasselback Potatoes and the obligatory Meatballs.
The 'tatties' were the highlight simply because they were cooked properly and had nice garlic mayo.
The meatballs were 'yeah whatever' no better or worse than any supermarket could knock out.
The 'mint and cucumber yoghurt' however reminding me of something the aforementioned cat might regurgitate.
The texture was more 'cucumber and mint in milky water'...which, whilst being no 'chef', I suppose is bound to happen given the water content of cucumber?
The Tigers were 'fine' but I do object to getting mine 'Headed & Whole' and therefore having to perform the equivilant of a crustacean autopsy just to get a mouthful of prawn.
In conclusion, a winning place with friendly staff to meet friends for drinks or hang out alone and watch the world go by.
However if you want to avoid the loo, you might also want to avoid the food!

A truly wonder place and atmosphere.
Unpretentious and genuine customers and staff.
Staff help choose a beer.
Lots of choice.
Ooo and nice tequila.
Lovely food.
Especially salads.
Perfect actually.
Also they let you sit with a coffee or tea.
Love the higgledy piggley chairs.
Because they don't match they match!
Can't wait to go again.
I'm pretty sure free wifi and fabby prices.
Warm inside too!!
Definitely have free wifi and even dog friendly.
So pleased.
I love dogs!!

What can I say, as every other pub run by the Swedish owner Jo Pearce delivers great service, live music, interesting wall art and relaxing deco.
There is that hard to describe feel about all his bars that makes you instantly feel comfortable.
Whether it's a date, after work catch up with friends or a night out you won't be disappointed choosing Jo Pearce.
Their beers selection is pretty decent too.
But be aware that this is a busy place and sometimes it's difficult to get a seat.

