WORST WORST WORST Customer Service i"ve EVER experienced!!!!
What ever you do, do NOT rent or buy from here!!!
Not only do they not give you all the information, when they mess up YOU pay for it!!!
They quoted us for 12 suit rentals at $91/person.
12 tuxes!!!
That's a lot of business for one location small business!
Then the manager decides she's going to change the price ONE month before our wedding!!!
Are you kidding me?!
Then when I call, obviously upset, the manager has nothing but snide remarks, an awful attitude, and NO empathy what so ever!
Not once did she even apologize!!!!
Not even an, I'm sorry!
Give me a break!
What ever you do don't go here, and don't let anyone you know!
HORRIBLE!!!!

Wow!
This is a hidden gem.
Excellent service, great selection.
Our son and the wedding party rented their tuxedos from a well-known national company and they each paid over $140 for the tuxedo & the trimmings.
Living in Arizona, my retired husband does not have a need for formal cocktail attire.
My son, the groom received a coupon from Dapper Dan's in the mail last week and gave it to my husband.
With one week to go before the wedding, we walked in the door with hopeful expectation that they could accommodate our short time frame.
In less than an hour, my husband was decked out in a beautiful business-suit type tuxedo with the vest, tie, shirt, shoes & slacks--the works for slightly over $80 including the tax.
And that was the upgrade.
They have a wonderful package for young men going to the prom or special occasions--even weddings, for $50 +$10 to rent the shoes.
The staff was friendly & knowledgeable.
They have a large selection of different tuxedos, shirts.
One of the owners, Sandra, said they have new styles arriving next week.
I honestly doubt the big chain stores can beat the price.
In these times where many people want to look great & are watching their budget, Dapper Dan's is the perfect spot.
Too bad there isn't a place like this for the girls going to proms (or moms going to weddings!

At first I was very impressed by their service compared to men's warehouse.
They were attentive to our needs and wants.
They were very accommodating to having my wedding out of town, and all of our wedding party call in their measurements.
The day of the wedding, two groomsmen put on their shirts and there were cigarette holes in them.
Another groomsmen was give broken button covers.
We called them immediately with no answer or response.
When we returned the tuxedos they said they would have their manager call me to resolve the issue.
This never happened.
I ultimately was very disappointed in the quality of the clothing and the follow up afterwards.

Returned to Dapper Dan's to purchase a suit for my husband to attend a wedding.
For less than $100, we had a very nice business suit (dark blue with subtle grey pinstripes) a matching tie and minor alterations for the pant length.
Our son, who was in the wedding, had purchased a tuxedo from out of the area and the pants arrived too small.
He brought them here and they were able to trade them with another pair--at no cost.
Talk about customer service!
I'm so sorry for one group that had a less than satisfactory experience, but I would highly recommend this company to anyone.

Terrible service...

