Nifty bar overlooking the pool at Encore.
The drinks are creative, service quick and firendly and the atomosphere classically Wynn/Encore.
Lush, lascivious and yet refined.
There are really two areas here, the bar that lines the edge of the casino and sumptuous lounge.
The bar gets pretty hopping about 11pm.
HINT: If you want to see the parade of hotties headed from the valet to the nightclub XS, this is the perfect place.
Like long legged antelopes, they head to the range.
Later in the night, you'll see them limping back, often with their 6" heels held in their hands, dangling by their straps like grapes from the vine.

Read reviews on this place and found that it has a purpose.
Go to the bar around 9pm and sit and have a couple of drinks.
The drinks are good, pricing is on par with any bar.
It's the parade you want.
Oh,  yeah!
There is a balcony at this bar, near the pool.
We went out there and it was nice, you can sit there and enjoy your drinks and I am sure during the day it is very nice in the shade.
You can also play BJ at the bar.

After an XS incident we came here for a drink before heading to Blush.
The piano guys were great entertainment.
I had champagne but the drinks my friend had looked good.
Its a nice chill place to people watch or mingle.

Yes, the drinks are a bit expensive (I think a bottle of Grey Goose will set you back close to three bills), but the dueling pianos act is a nice change change of pace from the club scene.
The servers are attentive, and if you get there early grab a seat in the back where you can see one of the piano dudes blaze away on the ivories.
I only wish the audience requests had been a bit more, um, hip.
"Those Were The Days"?!
Really?
I thought this was the Encore, not my bubbe's house on mah jongg night.
Kudo's to the guys for doing a remarkable job with my choice of Ben Fold's "One Angry Dwarf," minus the swearing (hey, this is a family joint).
And it was nice that while we were here, a special guest stopped by to request Sinatra's "New York, New York.
" Kind of put the cap on our stay at the Encore.

Eastside Lounge is hilarity at its best!!!
This place is only good late night...like after 1:00 am.
There is a bartender by the name of Ray (mohawk guy) who is freakin' hilariously awesome!!!
There are ALL sorts of people that end up at this bar late night...you have hookers, "old Vegas" types, 21 year olds, 80 year old gamblers, meat heads, nerds, etc.
It is just plain awesome!!!
This place is so much fun that one night we ended up here after drinking all night and did not leave until around 7:00 am!!!
Highly suggest anyone partying at XS or Tryst in the Encore to stop by the Eastside Lounge before leaving!!!
Highly entertaining!!

Super fun.
Very different from the nightlife I'm used to at the Wynn/Encore resorts.
Business meeting behind a dueling piano is always fun and memorable!
haha We had the them play "Rocket Man" and "Great Balls of Fire" AND the never-failing "Don't Stop Believing.
" Journey is always a go-to band for anything...classic stuff.
Just wish my request of John Legend's "Used to Love You" made it to the piano keys =( waaah   If you're looking for a relaxed, fun setting that isn't a club then, this will do.
And if not then, XS and Surrender are just steps away.

This place is a lot of fun, as are most piano bars, and I tend to go here with my brother and we usually host meetings here.
I would say that the things that I really like about this place are the following:  1.
It is located in a really swanky (Encore) hotel, so if you bring people here, they'll be impressed.
A bottle of prosecco or pinot gris is surprisingly affordable, despite point 1.
If you are in a large group and are not looking to spend tons, I would order a bottle and stay clear of ordering individual drinks -- you'll definitely get more bang for your buck.
Patrons are really friendly and open to chatting, and although the wait staff is not as warm as I'd prefer, they are not overly-pretentious.

Two drink minimum!
Really?
The pianists were okay, but didn't seem to mesh well together, sounded the same (as far as fingerwork on every song and voice), and kept messing up.
The location by the pool is gorgeous and the servers were not super friendly or smiling, but were professional and prompt.
Requested "Lucille", a dueling piano classic, and they just kept apologizing that the Wynn/Encore prohibited them from doing the song the way they usually do, as they have a strict "no profanity" rule.
Well, for an adult's late night bar, that's no fun.
:-(

Piano bar, very fun.
I would come back, the views into the encore are beautify and overall it was enjoyable.

This place wouldn't let me bring in a drink I bought at the bar two feet away at the bar their cocktailers where getting the drinks from.
They also said no one other than the piano players can sing no matter what, every piano bar even dueling will let the people sing if they tip enough.
They also wouldn't let people exit to smoke a cigarette.
The only place at the Wynn/Encore that made me want to not come back to this hotel.

This place is got great view of people watching.
And live band is very good as well.
Wish they service food though..

This bar gets 3 stars only because the bartenders are attentive, nice, and way better than the people sitting at the bar.
Also this place is AWESOME for people watching.
You get to see all the DBs and fat chicks in tight short skirts walking by drunk as hell.
This is probably where all the people who couldn't get into XS or Surrender hang out.

Probably the most fun I've had in Vegas.
I spent a great deal of time in Vegas for work, and I unfortunately didn't find the Eastside Lounge until the end of my stay.
The atmosphere is totally my speed--no tacky pounding dance soundtracks, soft yet interesting music and an environment conducive to grabbing a table for conversation with good company.
The two gentlemen handling the music fielded an eclectic range of requests with style and good humor.
Quality cocktails and attentive service.
I would not describe this place as inexpensive, but this is the Strip, you get what you pay for.
Well worth it.

Fun place to shoot the shit with some friends while avoiding the madness of clubbing, gambling, and the rest of the debauchery at Vegas.
Bartenders are cool.
Decor is nifty.
Atmosphere isn't overbearing.

Great little place for a drink or two with friends.
The dueling piano guys added a nice touch as you can request any songs you want.
In addition, I love the fact that they have a smoothie and mocktails menu for those non-alcoholic people.
We were here on a late Sunday night, at around 11 PM and there were only two other parties besides us.
This is a hidden gem as it has a nice, quiet and cozy ambience with great service, music and drinks.

Pros: Nice ambience, good pianists Cons: No food, snacks OVER PRICED, pianists not willing to play out of their comfort zone.
Tip: For an older more relaxed crowd.

The view is incredible the drinks ok and the staff great service.
But the dualing piano players well how can I politely say it....they real @*&$@ suck!
Skip the piano players for sure!

I always feel stupid paying for drinks at a casino when I can get it for "free" at the tables..
But I needed to meet an important client who was staying here, so... Service was impeccable, and drinks were well made.
This was early in the evening before the music started, and it was quite and conducive to business.
Needless to say, the price was not cheap.
In line, with what you might expect to pay at any decent 5 star hotel.
Steve Wynn simply delivers a first-rate experience.
Basically you are paying a premium price for quality, and to avoid the Strip riff-raff.

