I had heavily soiled carpets from two years of neglect.
Al came out and made them like new and his pricing did not break the bank.
He was on time and very professional.
I would definitely use him again.

Mission - Find a reputable carpet cleaning company that would arrive on time, do quality work, use "green" products and not charge me an arm and a leg.
Mission Accomplished - Northside Carpet Cleaning filled the bill and then some!
Matt & Al arrived exactly on time - 9:00 a.m. sharp.
We walked through the house, checked out what needed to be cleaned, five rooms berber carpeting and a white (yes WHITE) love seat!
Although both these guys are young they know what they are doing, especially Al.
Based on their experience and the label on my love seat they recommended dry cleaning instead of steam.
Now, got to say my love seat really wasn't all that dirty except around the bottom, but I couldn't believe how great it looked when they were finished!
Very happy with the results!
The steam method worked great on my five rooms of carpeting they cleaned.
The whole process from start to finish for all 5 rooms and the loveseat was just around 2 1/2 hours.
The carpet was entirely dry the next morning and my house still had a pleasant "citrus" smell because of the green products they used.
I'm sure I could have gone with one of those big nationally-known companies, but I like using local firms whenever possible and I'm glad I did!
I liked them so much that I plan on having them back to clean my tile floors.

This was the 3rd time I used Northside (same tech every time).
I was always very happy with them in the past.
This time, we moved in to a house with very dirty carpet.
The Tech up sold us on the "power scrubber" which was $160 and "guaranteed" that no spots would resurface.
Spots came right back up in all of the rooms and near all baseboards was still dirty.
When I called the gal on the phone tried to tell me that it was just the underside of the carpet coming through.
This made absolutely no sense.
I'm in design and buy carpet for a living.
This carpet is in a 3 year old house to boot.
The tech came back out, but wasn't very happy.
I showed him all of the spots and dirty areas.
He said again there was no way spots could come back up wit the "power scrubber".
But, there they were!
He proceeded to spend 2 minutes spraying a few areas with a water bottle and then left.
The carpet is still dirty.
I referred them to about 5 friends in the past and won't do it again.
What a waste of money this was.
Pretty disappointed.
A company should not offer a guarantee if they don't plan to honor it.

Thought I was going to have to replace carpet, but after Northside cleaned it, it looked brand new again.
On time, reasonable prices.
They do try to upsell, though, but everybody does that now.

