Even though Filbertos has been around forever, this was my first time to the local one by my home.
My family has talked about it for a while now.
My wife got the # 20 which was an enchillada and taco, I got way to much food I tried there burito, which is now in my fridge to eat sometime later on, I got a chicken taco, and beef taco.
Wow there was soooo much food, the price was awesome.
If you order right you can easily spend $10 for two people, and be stuffed.
I would highly reccomend this place for the ammount of food and the quality for the price was really good, I was very impressed.
This is also a great place for drunk food, I am now looking forward to having some drinks with my family and friends and going to this place after for $5-6 and being stuffed.
I love good drunk food places, and I could tell this is one of them.

Agree with Mike F. Amazing how much food for so little.
One thing about this location that I like is it's in a strip mall place and newer and nice and clean.
The tacos are amazing and one of the better green chili burros I have ever had.
Kids food too.
We can all find something to eat here.

I think it was a good move to use a former restaurant that was nice and clean as Fili-B's doesn't have the best image in those areas.
Bought a breakfast burrito there the other day and it was reasonably prices and super tasty.
Recommend.

In the Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area there just are not too many place to get quality or even good fast food.
I find my self at Filibertos quite often as the food is descent, though not spectacular.
Portion sizes are large but not cheap for what you get in my opinion (pretty easy to spend 8+ dollars on what is essentially fast food (but high quality fast food).
I often get a half order of their super nachos but was hungry yesterday and ordered a full order.
To my disappointment it really was no bigger than the half order I usually get.
My tip for you is, if your are after the nachos get the half order, pay less and eat just as well!

Almost every weekend!
Nice salsa bar..20% off coupon on Frys receipt

Been here several times and I figured it was time to write a review.
Went in to grab some lunch on Friday and had the chile rellenos and the carne esada fries which are fries covered in meat, cheese, sour cream and guacamole.
There is easily enough to feed 3 hungry people with the fries and it only costs 5 bucks.
The chile rellenos were pretty good as well.
It was the first time Ive tried them as I usually go fr a burrito or a chimichunga.
I think I'll be having them again.
Its nice to have a cheap, fast and fresh mexican place close to home.

So, it SEEMS quite clean and the staff is friendly.
You never can tell, but all indicators point to: this is a great place to get authentic Mexican food fast and cheap.
Food is pretty good, not excellent.

A friend recommended this place to me.
Met my expectations and then some.
The food is really good.
I got the chimichanga--yum!--and my DH liked his burrito as well.
We both left holding our bellies because we were so stuffed and we only spent sixteen bucks!
Not the best atmosphere for a date, (hey, it's fast food) but very clean and comfortable.
Has a dollar menu, which is always nice, especially if you have kids.
We'll probably eat there again.

I went here last week for lunch.
I wasn't real hungry so I just ordered two shredded beef tacos without any sides.
The service was fine and my order came out fairly quick.
The tacos were average at best.
The meat was very greasy and flavorless.
I like greasy food,  but not puddles of grease.
I could over look the grease if the meat had some flavor,  but it didn't.
I will eat here again, but will try chicken next time to see if its any better than the beef.

This place is hit or miss for me.
The prices are good and the food is okay.
I would prefer this over Taco Bell any day.
I did order the chicken tacos once to go.
Once I got them home they were all soggy and looked like a mess and the taste was pretty bad.
I only live 5 min's away.
Their burritos are good and will  fill you up.
Plus you have got love that their open 24 hours a day.

We visited Filiberto's for the first time today for lunch.
My wife and I got burritos.... carnitas and beef.
We cut 'em in two, so we each had a 'combo plate'.
:)  It was an impressive amount of meat for the cost, no doubt!!
The burritos were VERY tasty and ... OMG.... filling!
The nice thing is that Filiberto's doesn't use rice and beans to fill the burrito, like some other places.
It was filled with tons of meat and a few peppers.
Great selection of goodies at the Salsa Bar, too!
We will definitely be going back for another visit!

I keep going because it close to the house.
And I am disappointed every time!!
Will go other places!!
I will keep reminding myself.
this.

Nice and fast, FRESH and friendly service.
If you like real taco shops, this is it.
My personal favorites are 5 Rolled Tacos with sour cream, cheese and guacamole.
And the Chile Relleno Burrito!
Awesome!

Food is great... we eat here every day because our business is practically next door!
The owner is awesome and the staff is great.

Mediocre Mexican food.
However Cheap, and fast.
The Mexican sodas are excellent.
Typical fast food tables.
No atmosphere to speak of.
Their $.99 tacos are amazing for the price.
If you get the choice between here or Taco Bell, I would definitely go here.
The food is actually quite authentic.

Went to Filiberto's while visiting family over Thanksgiving.
This was right down the road form the house so it was a great place to stop in and grab some food.
It's unassuming in that is a in a strip mall and menu is plastered to the front entry but it's worth the trip in.
I ordered a #7- Tostada and Taco Plate ($6.39).
When it was ready I was shocked at how generous the portion was, esp for the price!
The side of the rice and refried beans was so large, and those were just the sides.
The tostada was really simple with beans and cheese and topped with lettuce but was really good with some added vegetables.
The beef taco was really good but not like I had ever had before.
It seemed that they assembled a soft taco with a spicy, cooked ground beef and cheese prior to frying the whole thing crispy.
BF and his dad had the #13 Chimichanga Plate ($7.09) and #17- Two Chili Rellenos Plate ($7.09), respectively.
Both were large portions of food as well, enough for 2 people to share each one, which is why we had leftovers.
BF has a side of guac with his plate, which was good, but a smooth texture (I prefer chunky)  Tons of food for great prices.
more write up: http://iamahoneybee.com/2013/01/07/monday-munchies-filibertos-mexican-food-az-ca-nm/

Before coming to Arizona I had never been to a Filibertos.
The biggest plus about a Filibertos, is that you receive a large portion of food for the money.
However, the atmosphere feels like a high school cafeteria and lacks any substance.
It'd be a lot  nicer to dine here if the decor was more updated, and less 'sterile'.
The woman behind the counter was very personable, and courteous.
Food was OK, not great mexican cuisine, and not bad either (for the money).
Our table was a bit dirty, which distracted me from my meal.
The blaring TV was a bit annoying ; but others seemed to appreciate that.
I don't, I can watch Telemundo from home if I want to.

It's the cleanest filly"b"s around.
Soda was a bit syrupy and the bathroom was just cleaned.
As a result of the bathroom I think my lungs have permanent damage.
The food was good overall.
About what is expected of fillibertos.

Awesome service for a filibertos !
Always well prepared and good portions.
I'm glad it's near by home.

