I just moved to Las Vegas and needed to switch my State Farm Insurance prior to heading to the DMV to get a new license and registration (which was not quite as painful as one might expect if one times the visit well and brings absolutely everything under the sun in tow).
While still in San Francisco, I picked Matt based on Randy's Yelp review, and so first I wanted to thank Randy because Matt Keim is great.
He got back to me with excellent quotes for car and renter's insurance, explained all the details of my policies, and offered suggestions for what might be better options for me (no one had really taken the time to do that before).
Matt is extremely personable and professional, and a pleasure to have done business with.
Thanks, Matt!

I had been stressing about how to go about getting my insurance over to NV from SC.
I emailed Matt a request and gave him my name/policy #, he had everything done and transferred probably in less than an hour, had everything emailed to me!
I met with him the next day and got all my hard copies and he helped me with info on how to get my NV registration, etc.
On top of being so efficient, he is such a wonderful person!!
I sat in his office and we just cracked each other up for like 30mins sharing stories.
If you're looking for insurance or are moving/just moved here, Matt is definitely the guy to see.
Fast, courteous, efficient and a warm person.
Can't ask for more than that.

Matt is the man!
He was extremely friendly and helpful!
Never had any problems with him.
He always called us back within 30 minutes of leaving a message, and he worked hard ot answer any and all questions.
We got in an accident a while back and he made sure all the paperwork and hassle was done through him.
it was a stress free experience.
When we called him stating we couldn't afford to stay with them, he found every discount possible and made it possible to continue being a happy customer.
Adding life insurance, and renters insurance didnt cost us anymore, and actually lowered our insurance down 20 bucks!
This building is easy to locate and in a great part of town that has everything around it in walking distance.
No need to use mapquest.

