First I tried going to the Tropical Smoothie Cafe on Fort Apache.
Despite it being 10 mins to closing time, they said they were already closed.
Okay I could deal with that.
So I drove around and found this Tropical Smoothie Cafe that had a 24 hour drive through window.
I wasn't really sure that I wanted a smoothie, and maybe that was my mistake.
So I decided to order one of their sandwiches.
Big miscalculation.
I ordered the Hummus Among Us.
It is literally two slices of store bought bread, with store bought hummus, tomatoes, peppers and lettuce stuffed in between.
For that amount of effort it shouldn't have taken more than a minute to make the thing, yet it did.

Service: Great  Food: Good  Restaurant: Clean & Tropical Restroom: Clean Return Visits: Yes, as soon as I complete this review :) Favorites: Peaches and Silk, Cordon Bleu Toasted Wrap  I love this location.
It's 24 hours, there is more than 3 tables unlike some other locations, outside seating-- tables are like little tiki huts, very tropical!
Also, being across an LVAC is a huge plus :)  This was the first time that I tried the food and I was pretty impressed!
As I said when I was eating, "MmMm, It's surprisingly good!
" as I was nodding my head.
I really didn't expect it to be so good.
NOTE: 4pm to 7pm 2-for-1 Smoothies

Best smoothies around.
Food's pretty good too.
Try the Health Nut smoothie with Whey Protein.
For food go with the Thai Chicken wrap.

Jus got back from tropical smoothie drive through (9/5/10)about 10:15pm.
I ordered two piña colada smoothies , drove up to the window and waited.....
Saw 3 employees inside laughing having a good time nobody acknowledged us for at least 15 mins before I got fed up and left.
Terrible customer service it was like they forgot about us , I think they did .
Oh well I will never go back ,too bad their smoothies are very good if your lucky to get one .

I really like this location for two reasons:  1.
10% off for LVAC Members when you show your Membership card 2.
24 hour Drive-Thru  They have an assorted choice of Low Fat, Specialty and Coffee Smoothies here.
My favorites being Hawaiian Breeze (Pineapple, Orange and Non-fat Yogurt), Health Nut (Blueberries, Mango, Banana, Almonds, and your choice of either Whey or Soy protein), Acai Berry Boost (Acai, Pomegranate, Bananas, Blueberries and Strawberries).
And they also have a variety of food choices from salads to toasted wraps and Flatbreads.
I had one of the wraps before, it was the Sesame Chicken.
It was ok...the sauce they used in it was too strong for me, and very sweet ( in my opinion), and they used a lot which in turn made my wrap a bit soggy.
However my favorite to order here is the Baja Chicken Flat Bread.
Its Chicken, mozzarella cheese, green and red peppers, some onions, romaine lettuce and i think it was southwest ranch all on flat bread.
Yum!!!
They also have punch cards here!!
Oh yea!

Delicious Smoothies, but why one size???
My beef with this smooth criminal is that there is only one size smoothie to order, and that size is HUGE-NORMOUS.
I have never finished a smoothie from here, and when they are frozen they get icy and lose their appeal.
Offering a smaller size would be an easy thing to do, and I imagine more profitable as well.
The drive-through line is usually very slow here as well, since the food takes a few minutes to assemble.
The food is ok, the smoothies are fantastic, just too big.
Come on, I know us Americans are big, but can't we get a little less lovin' sometimes Tropical Smoothie Cafe?

Haven't tasted a smoothie i haven't liked yet!
If you sign up with them you can receive text message coupons that include 99cent smoothies or 2fers on rainy days.

A smoothie shop with a 24 hour drive-thru?!?!
Say whaaaaat?
That is so awesome!!
Okay, so maybe I'm just a little too excited about this place.
But keep in mind that for the past 4 years, I lived in Irvine, CA where the only 24 hour things we had was a 7-Eleven, Denny's, one donut shop, and one CVS store.
One day I was craving a smoothie and immediately thought, I'll go to a Jamba Juice!
Then I learned that they did not have any locations near where I lived.
But that's okay because I discovered Tropical Smoothie Café, which is better in my opinion!
This past week, I came here two days in a row because I liked it so much!
When I first walked in, I was surprised to see a full menu of smoothies and food, for some reason I thought they just had drinks.
Good to know that I can also grab food for breakfast or lunch here!
So far I have tried the Acai Berry Boost and the Paradise Point Smoothies.
Both were very good and made perfectly (not watery)!
I also have my eye on other flavors that I want to try next.
On my second visit I ordered the Paradise Combo, which is any smoothie + a wrap, sandwich or a salad (you pick one) + chips or fruit.
It was $9.99, but for all that I think it was worth the price.
I tried the Sesame Chicken Salad, which was pretty good.
They even gave me extra dressing, even though I didn't ask for any.
Customer service is great as well, friendly employees and no mistakes on my orders so far.
Don't forget to join Club Tropical on their website.
You get a free smoothie on your birthday!
This is my new favorite smoothie place!

Like their slogan says "no fried zone", this is a great plus.
Smoothies are seriously calorie-ific, but if you get it with Splenda vs. turbinado sugar it greatly decreases the calories.
Peanut butter crunch flatbread with honey is my favorite & a must try.

Tropical Smoothie Café has some tasty smoothies.
I especially like their Sunrise Sunset smoothie which is quite refreshing!
Made with Splenda, the calories are limited and make the drink a nice treat.
I've stopped here before to get a wrap and a salad and the staff was efficient and friendly.
Since there's are two TS outlets nearer to my home, this outlet would be my pick if I wanted to stop for a late night smoothie.

Sometimes I need a sugar fix, riding around in the car with my dog, so this is a great place to get my fix- smoothies fix that is?
1. drive thru window,yeah no need to get out of the car 2. super cool and friendly staff 3. open 24 hrs with happy hour special just make sure to mention, not to make it too sweet,as they get a little crazy with the sugar and/or splenda... and certain time of day the drive thru I must admit ,can be slow, but just turn up the tune, and relax....

The smoothies are delicious, and it's nice that they have wheat grass shots.
but I was really disappointed when we went there for lunch.
All of the food is pre made and cannot be made custom to order.
The sandwich bread was rubbery and soggy.
I was not impressed!

When I'm sick and unable to eat anything except out of a straw, it's smoothie time.
This location has a 24-hour drive thru, which I find interesting.
The drive thru takes a while, though, even if you are the only person in it.
I got the peanut butter cup smoothie, one of their indulgent smoothies, because it was the only thing that sounded good.
It's chocolate, banana, and peanut butter.
The flavors didn't really meld together for some reason.
I would get a mouthful of banana, then a mouthful of peanut butter.
Didn't taste much chocolate, even though it was the dominant color.
And there was no way I could finish it all.
Their smoothies are huge.
Anyway, good in a pinch and may satisfy those late night smoothie cravings, for those who have them.
Between 4-7pm, if you buy 2 smoothies, you can get a 3rd free... at this location only.

Just came from this exact Tropical Smoothie.
I have eaten there so many times and EVERYTIME I swear I will never come back.
Their food is good.
That's what brings me back but their service is HORRIBLE and the pricing to proportion makes it less compelling.
The drive-thru is SO SLOW and most of the reason I swear off going there each time.
There were only 2 cars ahead of me when I arrived and it took me 19 minutes to get thru.
I waited 5 minutes @ the window for my smoothie after they have given me my sandwich and taken my CC.
Come to find out, it had been sitting there the whole time.
They just forgot to give it to me.
I've tried going in and it's just as slow.
Avoid this place unless you're starving to death.

After getting our Zumba on, I wanted a smoothie to cool down, so using the trusty Yelp App, we found this location.
We were even more thrilled to see a 24 HOUR DRIVE THRU!!!!
We also had good service despite many other reviews mentioning not-so-good service.
My Hawaiian Breeze sure did hit the spot, and 10% off from showing your LVAC membership card is an added bonus!....ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(154/365) "Thirst Aid Station"

Smoothies...tasty, healthy, and easy.
So why not?
It's proximity to LVAC makes it an excellent post-workout spot.
Plus it's open 24/7 so it doesn't matter if you're in the mood first thing in the morning, at lunchtime, or late at night you can get your fix.
There are a ton of delicious flavors.
I usually stick with the same supercharged ones...Health Nut, Very Berry Green Tea, Muscle Blaster, and the Triple Berry Oat.
For your protein they have soy and whey.
And you can substitute splenda over sugar in every one.
I wish they offered different sizes.
Sometimes I'm in the mood for less, sometimes for more.
But it's a one-size buy so it is what it is.
I have been here quite a few times but have never ordered any of the wraps, sandwiches, or salads.
But some of them do look good so I'll get around to them one day.
At this location only, show your LVAC membership card and get 10% off your total.
And from 4-7pm they have a "buy 2, get 1 free".
So get your taste on and your health on and get a smoothie!

I was so disappointed with this place, that I was compelled to write this almost as soon as I finished eating.
Took my daughter here for a smoothie I've been promising her, and we passed this place the other day, which said "kids eat free 4p-7p with a purchase of adult paradise combo.
" To keep this review down to less than a book, here are my positive and negative experiences: -The staff is unfriendly and look depressed like someone beats them when they go in the back -even with free kids meal, my meal was still $10 which was..... -not even that great.
I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap that was mediocre at best.
My daughter said "of all the pizza she'd ever had, they were better than this one," and I'd have to agree.
It tasted like cardboard with ragu, microwaved.
-one size of smoothie for adults=too big -my usual smoothie which I bought today, peanut butter cup tasted...somehow off.
Not very flavorful and seemed watered down!
like not enough things other than ice went in it.
-It took long.
There was no one in the place when we walked in,and it took nearly 20 min to get mine/daughter's food.
For microwave food, this is unacceptable.
You know, I can't think of anything positive here, except "I'm glad I didn't ask my hubby to accompany us, or he'd a been mad too.
" WIll not be returning.
By the way....this location does have a drive thru and its open 24 hrs-I don't even care,I won't be back.
The one on Charleston/Torrey Pines way blows this one away.

Love this location with the drive through!
They are very polite and efficient.
I had my usual buffalo chicken wrap, which is so delicious, have never found a wrap this good w buffalo chicken, the sauce just spicy enough and so tangy!
The Romaine lettuce and diced tomotoes balance it, with the lo cal Mozzarella cheese - tip:  I usually reheat that way the cheese melts into it!
Also had the Pineapple Delight - yummy!
The pineapple delicious, bananas making it sweet, and the orange balancing out the sweetness.
Tasted like Hawaii in the mouth!
Enjoy summer at this place!

Good stuff

OK experience overall But when I walked in there was no one at the register and I had to wait a good 4 minutes till' a very chill dude came and took my order very smoothly.
I got the peaches n silk and I couldn't really taste the peach in the smoothie.
I will still be returning in the future though since it was just one poor experience.

As an LVAC (Las Vegas Athletic Club) member, I like to come here after the gym or if I'm in the area.
They give discounts if you're an LVAC member, have punch cards, & even have a happy hour.
(Buy 2 get 1 smoothie free) Tropical Smoothie does deals that get sent to you via text message as well.
They have fresh tasting smoothies with a considerate portion!
I even wish they had a small size.
For healthy options, you can soy/whey protein and even splenda instead of sugar.
I recommend the Mango Magic & their sandwiches!
Their food menu's really good as well.
It makes a lovely snack anytime or after a workout.
This location's 24 hours!

I go here more than once a week, its always a long wait, and usually worth it.
Drove off with 3 smoothies, and after tasting mine, made a call to the store to tell them how unhappy i was.
The smoothie was tasteless, like ice and water blended together with some brown coloring in it.
They replaced it, and had me try it in front of them, but it wasn't worth the inconvenience.
Girl was pleasant on the phone but seemed annoyed in person i didn't enjoy the water smoothie.
Then today when i went, i didn't tip the girl because she was rude while i was ordering, it pissed her off twice as much and i drove away with sloppy drinks and 3/4 filled cups.
If i see her again next time ill be sure not to tip again!

I usually came here after working out at LVAC or doing Bikram yoga.
A fair majority of the time, the service was terrible.
I usually went late in the evenings between 8-10 PM.
Either they gave me the wrong order, the wrong side, the music was too loud in the kitchen (unprofessional), the wait was RIDICULOUS, or a combination.
What made me finally stop coming was when I pulled up in the drive-thru to order, the person told me to "wait just a sec"...no kidding, ten minutes later, I backed out & drove to the Tropical Smoothie on Durango & Warm Springs -- where service is a million times better.
I had two similar experiences prior to the final straw.
What the heck are they doing in there?!
Management, I hope you know how terrible your service is, and if you knew better, you'd put an end to it.
If I could, I'd give you negative stars.

Yummy food and smoothies, but you can find that at any TS.
The drive through here is painfully slow (I'm talking 20+ minutes to get my smoothie and an additional 15 for my flatbread) and the employees are totally unapologetic.
Bummer, 'cause this is the location that's closest to my house!
Guess I'll have to drive a bit further to get my TS fix!

This Tropical Smoothie is conveniently located right across the street from Las Vegas Athletic Club in the same lot as Target.
Although there are plenty of Tropical Smoothie Cafe's in town, this one has great deals!
Buy 2 get 1 free smoothies are available every day from 5-7 PM.
10% off of your order if you're a LVAC member.
Just remember to flash your card!
24 hour drive-thru.
Awesome for those that like to work out at 3 AM.
The only thing I don't like about this location is that the same smoothie tastes different depending on who makes it.
I always get the Sunrise Sunset but seems to change in taste every other time I order it.

I went through the drive-thru at 9:15 pm on 3/25/2013.
I was the 5th car in line.
I am not exaggerating when I say the wait was 20 minutes!
The inside closes at 9:00.
Why they don't stay open until 9:30 or 10 pm is beyond me.
I have been told by others that they always have a line in the drive thru at 9:00-9:30 pm... First, the drive thru speaker is so bad, I couldn't hear the girl taking my order and vice versa.
Repeated it 3 times before she got it right.
Once we got to the window, the person taking order stepped away to help with food - she didn't seem to be wearing gloves to handle the food or wash her hands, but maybe?
Anyway, when she came to the window in about 7-8 minutes, she handed me the bag of food/3 smoothies.
I asked her if we got chips with our wraps and she said yes.
I then said, what kind of chips do you have.
She said, "sorry, all we have our sun chips, so you can't really choose".
Once I got home, we had 1 pkg of lays salt/vinegar, 1 cheese sun chips and 1 original sun chips.
She was too lazy to even ask us which chips we wanted and instead lied to me.
Then, I checked my punch card and she cheated me 1 punch.
Also, didn't even offer me my receipt.
We ordered 3 different wraps - none were marked, so we had to peel apart the wraps to determine which is which.
This particular tropical smoothie is definitely a 1 star as far as employees/management goes.
I will start going to a different Tropical Smoothie from now on.
There is no need to go here - there are many other choices of places to eat -- I can make a healthier smoothie at home if this is my only option.
Management needs to figure out a way to move the drive thru wait time to less than 20 minutes and fix the pathetic worker attitudes!

ACAI BERRY BOOST SMOOTHIE WITH NO SUGAR~!!!
..the best smoothie ever!
haha I love this location because it's right by the 215, has a drive-thru, is open 24 hours & they have a buy 2 get 1 free smoothie special from 5-7 daily!
The workers are nice and the food and drinks are good~ Sometimes the drive-thru line takes forever but if the line looks like it's too long I just go inside!
It sucks that they got rid of my favorite wrap, Popeye's Favorite ;[[[ but that's corporate's fault!!!
HOT TIP: don't forget to ask for a loyalty punch card and sign up for their free Club Tropical program that frequently sends out special discounts!

Smoothies and sandwiches at this location are hit or miss.
Also, I went here 2 nights in a row after working out at LVAC and both times the staff were ridiculously unfriendly...
I wasn't annoyed, in fact, I thought it was kinda entertaining because they seemed to really hate their jobs lol

I've been to this location (W. Flamingo/Grand Canyon) three times in the past month.
Every time, I've had to wait 15 minutes or more for one smoothie.
Twice I went into the cafe and once I went through the drive-thru.
When I tried the drive-thru, there were only 3 cars in line.
Waited in line for 15 minutes, only to be told (when I got to the window) that they didn't get my order so I had to wait another 5 minutes as they made it.
The last time I went in (on a Sunday afternoon), I waited almost 25 minutes for one smoothie!!!
It looked like there was only one person working the register and the same person was making the smoothies.
Right before I left, I saw 3 other employees pop up, but who knows what they were doing the whole time.
Won't go to this location ever again.

The wait here was horrible.
I was trying out Tropical Smoothie Cafe and got the Lean Machine.
I asked what their Turbinado additive was and I was NOT impressed either.
The "Lean Machine" drink was OK. Not worth the 15 minute wait... AND they weren't even busy.
I was warned my by friends about this place, but tried it anyway.
The guy at the counter was not very friendly either.
Never coming here again.

Buy 2 get 1 free smoothies 4-7!
Had no clue, came to get 2 smoothies ended up walking out with another...
It was hard making up my mind between 2 different smoothies, but ended up getting both anyways.

Food and smoothies are good but there always seems to be a 30 min wait.
This is the only location like this....

WORST LOCATION EVER!
Employees are totally unprofessional.
Horrible customer service, 95% of the time they get my order wrong, wait time is always at least 15 minutes.
The manager needs to figure it out and fix that place up because it is BRUTAL!

"I was so disappointed with this place, that I was compelled to write this almost as soon as I finished eating.
" says Kellie A. in a review over a year ago.
Well lets start by saying that not a whole lot has changed in a year and that was my first thought on my drive back to work.
First off I already had read some of the reviews and it was a consistent "customer service is crap" here.
I didn't pick the place as I was meeting my friend for a lunch date.
When I walk in my friend is at the front of the line and there is a lady behind her.
No staff around.
We wait.
And wait.
And finally Mr. Ignacio shows up.
No greeting just asked my friend what she wanted to order.
When he finally got to me I ordered a Chicken Caesar salad and a diet coke.
He then asks me if I want a 12 oz or a 24 oz and without hesitation I order the 12 oz thinking the smaller is better....not fully realizing its a kids cup.
I pay for my meal (by the way he never told me how much it was) and he walks away.
No receipt.
No drink cup.
No "I will have your order right out".
So I move to the side to see if someone can help me.
Immediately he is annoyed and "thought" he gave me a cup (my kids cup).
I ask if THAT is 12 oz and he said yes.
Ok I guess?
Would have been nice to mention that little detail.
The receipt without any conversation was awkward not knowing if he was going to give it to me or not.
Again he hands it to me and walks away in silence.
What a ball of joy this guy is.
So my name is called and I kindly thank the guy (another employee) for my lunch.
My girlfriend ordered the same salad and as I am a quarter through I look at her salad and realize mine doesn't have chicken.
I quickly look at my receipt and make sure I ordered it with chicken.
Sure enough they forgot the chicken.
So once more I'm headed to the front with no one around waiting for assistance.
Mr. Ignacio's slow ass comes up and as nice as can be I state that my Chicken Caesar Salad is missing chicken-praying and hoping they don't spit on it.
No apologies just an argument of him wanting my salad back and me not wanting them to do bad things to it.
I informed him that he can bring out the chicken separately which he did and added extra to be nice I guess.
Thanks but no thanks.
The chicken looked gross and was clearly nuked (a little cold in the middle).
Maybe that's why they drench the salad in dressing "over" the whole salad so you don't see the chicken-which is how my friend's looked when it came out.
Anyways, I counted like 4 employees in the back.
Don't know what the heck they were doing because no one was up front unless forced to when a line piled up.
Not to mention not one of them paying attention to customers up front.
This is exactly what I'm talking about how special it is to have a young person giving great customer service.
Because it is not often that you see that.
In this case with Ignacio, I cant believe they have him servicing people.
No personality and not one skill of customer service.
Very sad.
Lets just hope someone mentors the poor guy to grow up with a positive and friendly attitude.
Like other reviews there isn't much to say positive.
What a disappointment on all levels.
Maybe management should check out the reviews to realize after a year they aren't getting better...sigh.
Definitely will not be returning to this location.

So nice.
Cut my Jamaican Jerk in 1/2.
Wrapped it separately and gave me 2 kids cups so I could take my kids separate lunches.

As far as smoothies go, Tropical Smoothie makes awesome smoothies.
I like the Tropi Colada and the Acai Berry Boost with Splenda.
They also make pretty good wraps and sandwiches.
I usually get the wasabi roast beef sandwich.
This is one of the locations that are open 24 hours.
Which is great when you want a smoothie at night.
They have a great staff here.
The drive thru line seems to always run smoothly.
I don't recall ever having to wait too long.
This location also has a great deal.
If you buy two smoothies you get one free between 4pm and 7pm every day.

I love the location, right across the street from my gym (LVAC).
I love the almost guilt free menu options.
(Buffalo Chicken Wrap and Rockin Raspberry Smoothie this trip).
I even love the deals they have at this location like buy 2 smoothies get one free from 4-7pm and their free junior all american wrap with purchase of a smoothie from 7-10am.
The two star rating is spawned from the seemingly intolerable drive-thru wait time and service.
On this particular trip I decided to time my experience.
36 minutes total from line entrance to smoothie acquisition.
On top of that I was charged for 3 smoothies initially despite being well within the buy 2 get 1 free time window.
As a minor aside they also neglected to ask what sort of "side" I wanted with my wrap.
I guess I sounded like a Baked Sour Cream and Onion chips kind of guy?
Perhaps management needs to hire additional staff or streamline his production process?
The young man that waited on me seemed pretty stressed out.

Definitely don't go late at night.
I've been there twice after 9pm and the staff is horrible.
I ordered my smoothie without any added sugar but they made it so sweet I couldn't drink it.
I asked it to be remade and again they added sugar.
I don't understand...aren't smoothies supposed to be healthy?
As I was sitting at the tables outside, some of their staff came out and sat at the next table smoking cigarettes.
This is definitely not a good place to go to after a workout at the gym, especially if you're health conscious.
I wish there was a Jamba Juice nearby that is open late.

Hands down, consistently, the worst service I've gotten in Summerlin for the three years I've lived here.
Actually it's not Summerlin.
However, the drive through service is so bad.
I keep coming back due to lack of options in the area.

This place really needs to reconsider what kind of employees they have working late night.
I pulled up to the drive-thru 12/5 around 130a and the supposed "supervisor" denied me service.
He just kept telling me "No you gotta go" I was really confused but I guess they just didn't feel like working.
Management, if this is the case with your employees don't bother being open 24h then!

I hate this location.
Idk if they need more staff or what but the service is so damn slow and never an apology.
The last few times I've come they either don't have what I want or the quality is subpar.
I'm actually sitting in their drive thru right now and I intend to drive off without my food.
A man two cars ahead actually just got out of his car to see what's taking so long.
I will never return

We got here at 1:14 and ordered 5 smoothies.
The people I came with said that service here is epically bad, all of the time.
In fact, they estimated 25 minute wait time for our smoothies.
They noted a prolific bad smell in the restaurant, never more than 2 employees working at a time and all employees looking unkempt and frankly dirty.
Today was different.
We got all 5 smoothies by 1:21.
What a shock.
I had to dock the score to 4 stars because the drive through register cashier's shirt was in fact, filthy.

Good Smoothie at this location, and if you buy 2 Smoothie you get one free between 4 - 7.
That's cool

I love this tropical smoothie, customer service is always great and food is amazing!
Seems like this is the only one that has macroni salad.
Love this place!

Sitting in line at drive thru and I've been in line for 20 minutes.
Management step your game up please!
Hire more people

Completely HORRIBLE drive thru experience!
Waited about 20mins in the drive-thru during my lunch break!
While in line I called them and asked why was the line taking so long and not moving?
I was thinking maybe computer difficulty or register problems, idk..
They said their current customer had a large order, then she went ahead and ordered a lot more when she was going to pay!
HELLO?!
MAKE HER PARK and come in!
Other fast food drive thrus even have a special parking spot for drive thru customers with longer waits!!
Isn't the purpose of a drive thru for convenience?all that waiting for one customer?
They are inconsiderate of the other waiting cars, I mean they know her order is taking long- a bunch of sandwiches!
So on this phone call I asked why didn't you guys have her park?
They went and said "oh yea I guess we should've done that"... OMG I wish there was a way I could've just drove away but I was sandwiched between cars :/.
Absolutely unacceptable.
This establishment should know better.

Well this location happens to be right by LVAC and stays open 24 hours a day.
So even though it was almost 9 pm the drive thru took almost 15 minutes to get thru and get our order.
That being said it's nice to know there's an alternative to McDonald's when your heading home after a late night out at the club or casino.
I tried the Chicken Cesar wrap and a protien shake.
Both were about what I expected.
I had a Mango flavored smoothie with protien.
I'd of prefered maybe an option for a smaller portion because these drinks can have so many calories, but it was Tasty!
The wrap was a tad bit on the warm side.
I prefer a wrap like this be cold and crisp but it was almost hot.
I'm guessing possibly because they had just cooked the chicken?
But either way, it was good and I'll probably order it again next time.

Poor customer service.
Waited at the counter for 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledge I was there.
This place was run by young kids.
I didn't see one responsible adult in there.
Finally after 10 minutes I got my wrap then had to wait longer for my smoothie.
This location definitely needs a lot of improvement before I will go again.

If you them to be out of what you want, paying for your order to be made wrong or to wait in a drive through for 20-30 minutes, go to this location.
8 or 9 times out of ten these things will happen.
Awful.
When they get it right(rarely), the food and smoothies are good, but all this consistently still happening is inexcusable.
I think I'll take my money somewhere where they know what they're doing.

I go here all the time after my workout for the good smoothies.
But I today was the first and last time I get a wrap here.
I love my greens and was definitely disappointed when I took a bite just to find, not one, but EVERY piece of lettuce was very old, yellow and brown.
If this is how the lettuce is I can only imagine the fruit in the smoothies that you can't see?

I used to be a huge fan of tropical smoothie.
The service at many of them has been awful.
May just go back to exclusively making my own smoothies from now on.

Amazing - the slowest service EVER.
Great smoothies - but the worst service.
Waited 12 minutes for ONE drink.
CRAZY!
Absolutely no urgency - management seriously needs to improve on the way they do business.
Unacceptable.

I love Tropical Smoothie, but this location is terrible.
I had to wait 11 minutes in the drive through (I timed it) and I couldn't leave because there was someone in front and behind me.
The staff seems nice, but the service is slow and their orders are inaccurate.

Poor service, very slow.
20 minutes for a wrap and the guy at the cash register was very rude.
I complained and he shrugged his shoulders.
Owner was there and was only concerned with light bulbs, not customers.
This place will last 6 months.

Very slow service.
More worried about their drive thru customers.
Luna, the cashier, acts like she's better than everyone and is rude.
She ignored us and no one greeted us when we walked in.
Employees made their own PERSONAL smoothies before attempting to make an others.
Doubt that I will return to this location.
Happy hour not worth the rude service.

Drive through took 25 minutes.
Seriously, I was stuck in the drive through for 25 minutes!
How long does it take to throw some frozen fruit and yogurt and ice in a blender and mix it?
Maybe they were using a mortar and pestle and doing the smoothies by hand?!
The smoothie was delicious as usual though.
-2 stars for the forever long drive through wait and -1 for no apology for the long wait when I finally got my order.

Only cool guy there ia David.
He works the night shift and he is awesome.
He busts his ass n does an excellent job!
Keep it up man!

It would be a one star if it wasn't for the punch card.
24 hour drive through and specials.
My drink; strawberry, banana and dark chocolate tasted like pure strawberries.
I couldn't taste the banana and only at the bottom of the drink the chocolate.
I wouldn't get it again.
The only reason I drank it is because my car has no tint and I was dying from the heat.
My husband got the mango one and it was pretty watered down.
I'm not a big mango fan but he is and he said he had, had better.

I really wish there was another Tropical Smoothie close enough to work for me to get to for lunch, because the wait time at this one is painfully slow.
I understand that they are busy and it doesn't take 5 seconds to make a smoothie, but it also doesn't take 25 minutes.
The last time I was in there, I ordered my smoothie and the two people behind me order theirs as well.
About 15 minutes go by and the people who ordered after me, got their smoothies.
I went up and asked the man behind the counter if they had my order, because I ordered before the two other customers.
I wasn't rude about it (I work in customer service myself) His response to me was, "Sorry, you'll have to wait about another 5 minutes.
" Mind you, my lunch break is only 30 minutes and it has now taken 20 minutes to make two smoothies.
The man behind the counter didn't bother to just apologize for the long wait and say he'll get them out as quick as possible, he just told me to wait even longer, as if 20 minutes wasn't long enough.
They've alway been slow making anything they serve, but this was the longest wait since.
I'll sadly be finding a new location.

Love the chicken caesar salad but one to many times has my order been wrong.
Staff sucks...
So many teen employees in the back but customer service is lacking big time!

