I happened to be out in the Apache Junction area and decided it was only appropriate to grab a drink at a local bar.
Not many choices but stumbled upon Spirit's and it was pretty hoppin for a Thursday night.
The sign outside the front door reads ' DRESS CODE: no MC or gang colors' .... so I would advise carefully getting dressed... not so sure what the gang colors are but you've been warned ;)   The bar is really bright.
Lots of lights.
Its quite strange and doesn't bode well for the bar's patrons getting down and dirty out on the dance floor.
Bathrooms were cleaner than I was anticipating and is the primary reason for doling out three stars to Spirit's ... also it seemed to be the only place open and with quite a few people inside.
So, next time you find yourself out in AJ....
Spirits will be your only choice at 12:30am on a Thursday night :)

Nice dive bar

Some friends and I went out for some pool and drinks at spirits.
The doorman told us about a $5.00 wristband deal that would allow us to drink $1.00 you call it's until 11 pm.
It was about a little before 10:00 pm so we figured it was a pretty decent deal and the 4 of us paid.
We each had 1-2 drinks before ordering our next round.
At this point it was 10:30 pm and when the waitress brought us our drinks she graciously informed me she would let us buy these drinks for the $1.00 price but that was it.
I then informed her that the doorman told us it was until 11 pm and was told, "oh they don't ever tell us anything until last minute, it's 10:30 not 11:00" we got the same awesome customer service from the clueless doorman.
Now, 5 bucks isn't going to make or break me but I feel like we got screwed over and it was our problem so we could deal with it, oh well.
I think that's just shady business and we left after finishing our drinks.
I wasn't about to give them more of my money and I don't ever intend to in the future.
If you choose to spend your free time here, make sure you synchronize your watches...

This place is the most unprofessional establishment in AZ, i witnessed a security guard named Darrell choke out a female that was unarmed.
Because he was pissy with her he used his size and strength to get physical with her.
Needless to say this girl was like 110lbs.
A manager never even came to see what was going on with this bar room brawl between this one female and the staff, but because the security guard and his friends were around it turned into complete chaos.
LET ME TELL YOU THIS, PLEASE DO NOT ENCOURAGE THIS ESTABLISHMENT!!
racist tweekers will show YOU, how you do not belong and what they can do with a little WHITE POWER...!

Stopped in for fish fry and a couple of beers.
Bartender was talking with her friends but ignored other customers.
Not very friendly place.
Fish was greasy.
Pretty disappointed that it wasn't a welcoming place because we are in the neighborhood and would like a local bar.

Visiting Apache Junction and looking for a place to get some wings.
The name on the sign is Thunder Pass, but Apple maps still shows the address as Spirit's.
My husband thought the wings were great, but I wasn't too impressed.
The place was DARK -- we could not even read the menu without pulling out our phones to get some light.
The waitress spent most of her time on the outdoor patio, smoking.
If you're just looking for an open bar to get some drinks and bar food, maybe this would do.
They have lots of TVs connected to sports channels; they also have a monitor for playing trivia, so possibly would be an OK place to meet friends to watch a game or play trivia.
However, if you're looking for a nice, friendly place to have a really good meal, keep looking.

Got back from a deployment and decided to choose this establishment for winding down and hanging out with friends I haven't seen in awhile.
Not so customer friendly atmosphere, hit it miss whether the waitress will tend to u in this facility.
One time we called from the patio asking for service and the bartender replied, "that sux" and hung up.
I was so close to bashing his face in, he didn't even know.
Never went back again and I suggest you never visit.

