Great prices and nice inventory!
I just purged a bunch of my daughters toys and clothes that she's outgrown and brought them here...They have a great selection of new and used toys, strollers, car seats, and clothes for all ages and the used clothes are in great condition, clean, and ready- to-wear off the hanger.
The prices are kids clothes are great, especially since they outgrow everything so fast!
They also have a small selection of adult's clothing and they are accepting new items to build up their inventory.

And Ann Taylor sundress for $16?
I'm sold.
Or rather, the dress is, as it is now hanging in my closet, mocking all of the other AT items that I paid a ridiculous amount for.

This place is great!
I received SO much stuff for my son when he was born (mostly barely worn hand-me downs from my husband's huge family and some of my close friends) that he couldn't possibly wear them all even if I changed his outfit 5 times a day!
So I went on the hunt for a great consignment place I could utilize to get him "new" clothes as he grew.
Luckily for me, there are quite a few places like this in my area (central phoenix).
I checked out 2 others before I came to Smarty Pants (do NOT go to Urban Baby!
Ugh!).
The mother-daughter owner team at SP were very welcoming and friendly.
They took almost all of the items I brought in and although I planned to just drop stuff off, I couldn't resist shopping for myself and ended up with three great tops for $15 total!!
Incredible inventory, clean shop and friendly service... who wouldn't love it??
They informed me that they are expanding to the space right next to Bertha's (my favorite restaurant in town) to have a separate place for furniture and will be offering more adult clothing in the current space (I could have that backwards.... the new space is for clothes, perhaps?).
So I will be heading back soon to spend my consignment money!
Thank you Smarty Pants!

Smarty Pants rented out the space next door to their previous store and they now carry a selection of mens, womens, and kids consignment clothes.
They also have an entire room devoted solely to furniture consignment and the prices are pretty good!

-Friendly service  -Good selection.
-Resonabale prices.

This store is fantastic!
To compare it...its like Goodwills wealthy cousin.
The same stuff, but nicer quality - top of the line brands...for almost the same price!
Housewares, luggage, furniture, clothing, and accessories.
I was in a shoppers paradise.
A Coach Wallet, almost brand new, and 2 dresses with tags still on them - Total shopping spree cost $45.00.
That price was almost $77 though.
I was half tempted to buy an additional Xmas gift the family member I drew this year - A gently used Juicy Couture purse for $32.
When baby time comes for J and I, I know where I'm heading for baby furniture and clothes!
I will definitely be heading back to Smarty Pants!

I love consignment stores!
It is absolutely fantastic to take in your old stuff  and eagerly wait for someone to buy it.
I grew up in Buffalo Exchange's and I have no problem admitting that I buy used clothing.
Smarty Pants sets itself apart by having a fantastic owner and excellent staff.
They never snub their noses at the stuff I bring in, and  that seems to be a rarity in the valley these days.
Not only do they carry clothes, shoes and accessories, but they also have furniture and a slew of housewares.
I bought a Marc Jacobs purse for $30 bucks - Take that suckas!
I called yesterday and I have over $40 in credit for clothes I would have otherwise given to Goodwill.
Now if I can just make it out of there without passing by the shoes...

Awesome neighborhood consignment shop.
Definitely suggest checking it out.
It's spacious and well organized, they've expanded recently (took over the shops on both sides) so you don't get super overwhelmed when shopping.
A variety of items from kids toys, to clothing of all sizes, shoes, jewelry and lots of accessories and then all of the home furnishings.
Things are in good condition, there's a lot of unique options to choose from and they deliver!
I just bought a beautiful cream colored leather recliner couch and they delivered it within an hour, and volunteered to haul my old couch to Goodwill for me.
Everyone who works there is really nice and their goods are definitely worth checking out!

While I love the stuff here, I will think twice about shopping here in the future.
I am a foster mom to 4 children, and when I asked them if they would consider giving a discount to foster families, and in return, we would promote their business, they flat out said NO.
Too bad, their competition- Perrenials adn Kid to Kid give these discounts to foster and military families.
Guess where all my shopping will be going forward !

Love this place, I didn't know about them until a former yelper recommended them to me.
I can even take my twins items now.
Most of my twins stuff is brand new, the stinkers grow up so fast.
Last week I took coats and shoes that were never worn, still in the bags and tags.
I also was able to get a few costumes for the twins.
Great place.

This place is awesome.
Just a hop, skip and a jump from my house and I've now found 3 treasures from this place!
First, we found some fun animal dress up clothes around Halloween, then I found a print to hang in my living room and today I found a train table with wooden tracks and an entire playset for my daughter.
This place has everything and it is all reasonably priced.
This place is definitely worth a look.
You may find some treasures of your own!

Very cute consignment shop that Jill C goes to on a regular basis.
Oh and get this, it doesn't smell funny.
You guys know what I mean (when you walk in and it has a weird smell) They even put the retail cost of all the items on their tags as well so that you know you are getting an awesome deal.
I was even able to convince Jill B to get this lovely diaper bag that retailed for $79 and I only paid $20 for.
The bag looked practically brand new.
Score for me and her!
If you like consignment shops like I do ( most of you know my obsession with Goodwill) head over to this little gem of a place and you will not be disappointed.

Love this store!
Great selection in kids and home.
It's always a pleasant surprise to find out what my store credit is too!
Today's score: boys Levi's $2.

I'm so totally down for recycling - and when you can make money doing it, all the better!
The wife regularly takes clothing here and trades it for store credit, essentially you can buy anything in the store and no money transfers - how cool is that?
So, I was bored one day and the wife says, I'm going, why don't you tag along?
I thought it was all clothing and said NO WAY!.
But then she told me they have other stuff - kinda like a Goodwill, but nicer.
Well, I'm down for that, so we hop in the car with her bag of clothes and head over.
We arrive and sure enough, funky furniture on the sidewalk.
And lots of clothes.
I did a Peewee Herman beeline around the clothing and into the door of the shop to find all sorts of crazy knick-knacks.
A freaking pewter coffee-table coffin!
I thought that was really cool, but too creepy for me.
Lots of fancy furniture and dishes and kids toys and tons of clothing.
I looked in the door to the clothing half of the store and shuddered - I hate shopping for clothing.
You can tell by the way I'm dressed.
Anyway, I'm wandering around aimlessly and what do I stumble on but a big rack with all sorts of luggage-type bags.
I've been looking for something like a day bag for packing camp gear for a day trip and so I start poking around.
Hey - here's something blue!
I tug on it and a pile of bags falls off and reveals a North Face Soft Frame Backpack in super condition!
$25!!!
Now, I'm all giddy with excitement, as I pull this bag close and glare at the guy on the other side of the rack - don't even think it, buddy - this pack is MINE!
Best part is I go to pay for it and the wife has amassed such a bankroll of store credit, there was no charge.
Smarty-Pants ROCKS!

This place is great!
First off, the staff is always nice, welcoming, and friendly.
They never scoff at any of the things you bring in, and they will always tell you why they won't except things.
Typically it's because it's not the season for certain items, I've brought back the stuff during the recommended time and they then did accept it.
Every time I come in to drop stuff off, I always have a balance of $50-$100 dollars which is awesome!
I've sold shoes, purses, clothing, and a lot of furniture.
They only accept certain brands and conditions of items, but this is noted on their website which is nice.
I would highly recommend Smarty Pants, as this is the only consignment store that I've had a good experience with.

Love this place.
Have sold furniture, shoes, clothes and bought furniture.
Nice mix of things, no attitude and no hassles collecting money from my account.
They are always kind and helpful and it has consistently been a great experience.

Smarty Pants not only has a clever name, but it also amazing deals and awesome people that work there.
The store is laid out so you can easily find items; it's not too cluttered.
The clothes are trendy, and I have found many items with original tags.
Their furniture and household items are unique and priced appropriately.
Hands down, this is the BEST consignment shop in the valley!

