I am so glad that we now have a Federico's Mexican Food closer to us (not to mention a better "part of town" que no?)...
their Chile Relleno, the Carne Asada, the red chile enchalada sauce, the green chile (chile verde) are all que bueno!
-Drive thru is open 24 Horas tambien!

Ok.
I just got back from my 3rd trip to this Federicos since it opened about a month ago and I am thoroughly pleased.
The staff is extremely professional.
The service is VERY fast.
The facility is sparkling clean.
There's always plenty of seating.
And even best, the food is amazing.
I've had the california burrito, adobada fries, and the chicken tacos.
All 3 meals were made perfectly and served very quickly.
*Note: Any military members stationed at Luke...
This is the best mexican food you will find close enough to base to visit during your lunch break... and military gets a free medium drink with their meal*  The people here work very hard and they deserve our support.

It's OK.
I wouldn't go out of my to visit.
The  restaurant is very clean and staff very friendly.
I ordered special of the day (carnitas burro).
Even with pico and guacamole is very dry.

Still loving Federico's and bringing more friends to share in the great menu!
Keep up the good work and tasty meals!

i love mondays!!

24 Hour Mexican Joint!
A plus!
I love getting off work at 2-3 A.M. and being able to stop by this place for a late night meal.
On Monday's it is buy one get one for Military Personnel and I definitely take advantage of that.
The menu had a good variety to it but I love their Pollo Asado plate with a large Horchata.
I will always be a regular here as long as it's on my way home.

On my last trip to Phoenix and heading to the Cardinal game we felt that we needed a hearty breakfast, and the only option that i can see off camelback road was Ihop.
And i really was not looking into digging into some pancakes before a football game.
After some driving down camelback we crossed this spot, at first i was a bit taken back by the building, cause it is new, and not a real authentic place for mexican food, but i should have not judged it by where it is located at, i saw a few people inside and as a couple was leaving i asked them if the food was good, i ask only because i am from Los Angeles, and there are only a few places in L.A. that are worth eating at in my area that taste good.
So once we ordered and got our food, i tried their Huevos Rancheros and some Horchata, other friends tried their tacos and burritos and where please too it all fell into place, the food was good and the staff is real nice, the place was clean and they had t.v.
's everywhere to watch the morning games...  Great place to enjoy some food, next time i am in town i will make my way to this place or another Federico's to enjoy some good food.
Thanks for a new spot to eat off camelback and especially that 24 hour option!

Oooooh Federico's, how I love thee

Open 24hrs.
Which is probably one of the reason why we decided to go here, since everything else was close and we wanted to get our grub on.
Came here with the family and order 4 soft carnita tacos, 2 carne asada fries, and a steak quesadilla.
Wanted to throw in a few hard shell tacos for $0.99, but apparently that price is only good on Tuesdays, and regular price was $2.19.
WTF?!
Anyways, I was not too pleased with the outcome.
The meat for the tacos were WAY too dry and the fries were way too soggy!
When we asked for salsa and sour cream to-go, the cashier lady said that they didn't have any.
Obviously, that is a lie!
After getting her to admit that they do have it, and after charging us $0.65, we got our salsa and sour cream.
Needless to say, we will not coming back here.

Great food,  slow service at the drive-thru.

The food tastes great and they give large portions.
They are also military friendly.

Best Chili Renos when they serve them nice and hot , cheese melting out of them!!
Great Chimi and Green Burritos!!
The staff there is always friendly and very accommodating, specially the Owner, or maybe he is the manager IDK:) I would recommend it to everyone!

Went in today for lunch for the first time and was helped at the counter by the owner.
Great guy that ran me through the menu, all the specials and even caught I am in the military and offered me a free drink.
I went with his recommendation of a chicken burrito with guac and pico which was fantastic.
Horchata was very good as were the beans and rice.
Highly recommend for great food, great service and very military friendly.
Place was packed and had a lot of regulars that knew the owner and the owner knew them.

Grew up in the area eating Popos, Zamoras, Raul and Teresas...I know Mexican food!
I have eaten here at least 20 times!
Compared to Filibertos and the other whatever-abertos, this one is OK.  Fair price for ok food.
The service sucks, drive though is horribly slow, indoors is not much better.
Last time I ordered the cooks were messing around in the stock room for 10 minutes before dropping my rolled tacos in the deep frier and no one else was there...WTF?
I'd say the food is average, the guac is really good, salsa bar is always stocked and clean.
Filibertos in Avondale 4 miles south is better!
Maybe less white people down south at Filibertos makes the cashiers give the white people there better service...maybe???!
Maybe I order completely in spanish next time and see if they speed up?
Rapido por favor!!!!
Overall for the price and convenient location, its better than nothing but the food again is just ok and the service sucks.

Been here plenty of times in the past few months have been very good!!!
Went today and not only did they raise the prices but the food went down in quality!!!!
What happened?????
This was by far my favorite Mexican place to go so I will give it a try again!
If the quality goes back up I will rewrite my review!
Maybe I hit a off day but there was no where near as much meat and the taste of the food seemed like it was day old.
All the other times I've been there that was the biggest thing is it all tasted fresh!!!!
Bring back the freshness, quality and old prices!!!

Very disappointed in this place.
It's looks clean and nice on the outside so I thought I might have found a great spot for a good breakfast burrito.
Unfortunately the burrito was not that good and they got one of my orders completely wrong so my wife didn't even get to eat hers.

Food was fast and full of flavor.
My husband who normally will not touch re-fried beans demolished them.
This restraunt will defintly be the spot we go to when.
We crave mexican.

got food this afternoon waited forever in the drive through.
when i got home I realized the did not give me my drink and sitting down to eat realized I got something different than my order.
Decided to try it till i realized there was shrimp in it and do not eat shrimp .
Thanks for the waste of food and money

YES!
Love em' 2 for 1 Military Mondays is awesome.. because their food is great.
I have had a few burritos, chimi, and chili rellenos... all amazing.
Also, the staff at this location is great.
Always polite, helpful, patient, and will rearrange your order to save you money and get you the same food, SERIOUSLY!
You cannot beat it.

Taco Tuesday ~ enough said!!
Nice people working at this location, good food & always fresh!
A line is always present in the drive thru and you never you know who you'll run into inside the restaurant.
Clean place to have a bite OR go for take out!
Its nice always being thanked for your business!

Ate lunch here again today and love this place.
I have probably eaten here at least 50 times and my wife probably 100.
She eats here at least once or twice a week.
The five rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole are her favorite and their unsweetened ice tea is excellent.
I am in love with their chilled red sauce and have tried plenty at just about every bertos and mexican restaurant in town.
This is by far my favorite and I could literally drink it, the taste is so good.
I have a bunch of favorites form the shredded beef tacos, el burrito bandito (with shredded beef), to the fried bean and cheese burritos, fish tacos, pork adobado, etc.
I also thought Menudo (cow stomach soup) was disgusting until I tried it here.
I now love it and their red chile broth is amazing.
I am still the only one in my family that will touch it with a 10ft pole, but it rocks at this place.
The owner and his wife are also very nice and very good people.
Can't really say anything bad other than sometimes at the drive through, it can be a little harder to order if it isn't the owner or his wife.
Some employees have a more difficult time understanding what you are asking them due to speaking spanish as a first language.
This is never an issue when inside where you might get to chat with the cool owners.
Keep up the good work!

I saw my review from a while back and thought to add a few NEW positive thoughts to be fair!
We've eaten here many times since.
This is a very clean "Bertos" restaraunt!
The food is ok, others would say very good...I like some other places better!
The service is good now.
Its close to home and I have no complaints.
This place has definitiely improved over time... well done Federicos!

I know all about the e.coli outbreak, I was a victim of it stay farrrrr away from this place.
I thought I was going to DIE

Thanks for the E coli!

If you are in the mood for fast food, late night munchies or some legit Mexican food, look no further than Federico's.
they offer amazing all-day breakfast burritos, phenomenal Carne Asada burritos, tasty Pico De Gayo/Chips and a mean Super Nacho.
Save yourself the risk of food poisoning from a Taco Bell and give this clean, friendly and fast restaurant a shot.

After getting a bunch of people sick I now know why the food tasted old!
Just glad I didn't get sick!!

Best carne asada in town!
Been here several times since the whole breakout in August.
So everybody calm down and do some research.
I read online they got the local Queen of Clean as an independent consult, this place is spotless.
I've went into the restaurant and from the counter u can see everything in containers like at Panda express.
Get the carne nachos or carne asade fries, you won't regret it!

New in town & this place was recommended to my husband and I by many people.
We are both from CA, so we know good Mexican food.
We have been living in Italy for the past few years, where Mexican food is non-existent, so we were looking forward to eating here.
I got the 1 taco & 1 enchilada plate & my husband got the 1 burrito & 1 enchilada plate.
While eating the beans I was thinking to myself how salty they were, & then moved on to the taco which was even more salty.
It tasted like I was eating pure salt.
I mentioned it to my husband, & he said the same thing.
Needless to say, we did not finish our food.
Will not be eating here again.

I had a great experience at this location.
They have a new burrito with chile relleno and steak which was excellent.
However, the staff made it 5 stars, by being friendly and efficient.
For $7 I had a fresh tasty lunch in a place I felt welcome.

