I really rate this pub, and wish I lived closer to it than I actually do.
I used to live near Morningside, hence my familiarity with the area's public houses, however I'm now a wee bit far away, and the Morningside Glory is just that wee bit further away from even the central part of Morningside, so it's a bit of an effort to get to.
Saying that, it is a good pub, and it would probably prevent me from getting jaded about Edinburgh watering holes if I stepped outside of my Stockbridge/New Town laziness perimeters for a change.
I like the old school, slightly art deco look of the interior of the Morningside Glory (keep wanting to call it Morning Glory, but clearly that wouldn't be appropriate...tee hee) and its mix of tradition and style.
It's sort of in between a bar and a pub, which is a vibe I like.
A good place to relax of an evening, and I like their shimmery, candle lit, so evidently flattering lighting scheme.

I came across Morningside Glory only fairly recently because one of my friends who lives near it was always raving about it, but to be honest I wasn't that impressed with it.
It serves breakfast every day and the dinner menu has a wide range of options including sandwiches, salads, pizzas and wraps.
I had the nachos which were tasty, but nothing that special.
The portion sizes were quite substantial and the food is fairly cheap - about £7 for a main meal.
Morningside Glory also offer a full drinks menu, with an exciting cocktail menu including French Martini's and White Russian's for just over £5.
However, I found that there was no real atmosphere in the bar and thought it was quite plain.
It is cost effective to go to this pub for a meal or for drinks as it is cheap and the food is tasty, but it is unremarkable.

John Leslie drinks here, remember him?
Oh and the nachos are quite good...
This is a decent all round boozer, I quite enjoyed my first visit here, and a bit of B-List celebrity spotting made it that little bit more exciting.
Service was good; they were attentive and trusted me to open a tab as soon as I came in.
brought menus over quickly.
We were in a rush so I just ordered some Chicken Nachos at the Bar.
they came within ten minutes and were very good indeed!!
A broad range on the menu also.
The decor is standard, sort of half living room half bar, and they have a couple of TVs showing live sports etc.
It was quite busy for a Sunday afternoon and not many spare tables, which is a good sign.
Like I said, it is a good all rounder, nothing amazing but worth a visit if you are in the area.

