This store is your typical high-end baby store.
I have been to Happy Bambino three times with my wife.
It's time I finally write a review... Their customer service stinks!
All three times we had to beg and plead with the sales staff to even acknowledge us, much less actually answer our questions.
It felt as if we were bothering them.
I  don't remember my first two visits, but today we were the only ones in the store.
I refuse to beg anyone to sell me something.

Weird... my experience was anything but what the previous review had to say.
There were a few customers in the store, and the salesperson (clerk) was very helpful.
They seemed to have a neat collection of items, but I couldn't stick around for too long.
I was happy (and I am still happy) with our purchase.
With regard to the other review, I never understood how some people go to a store and expect to have their ass wiped for them.

We had a difficult time finding their new location, but once we were there the customer service was very helpful, and they had exactly what we needed.
The prices for what we purchased were fair - and we liked their selection.

I have always enjoyed my experiences at Happy Bambino, both in store and ordering online.
The customer service is great.
Once, I accidentally came one minute past closing, and they still let me come in and exchange an item that was the wrong size for my baby.
Everyone is friendly and knowledgeable.
I love that all their products are eco friendly and baby safe.
I don't mind paying a little extra, since they do all the research for me on quality products AND since they are a local business.
Great selection, high-quality products.
I go here all the time.

A Madison gem.
The prices initially seem steep but are reasonable for a local small business selling the types and quality of product they do.
A great place for more green products than you might find at a big box.
That said, the best thing about this place is there development of resources and community.
They have programs and groups that meet at the store and have educational opportunities as well.
This is truly a store that provides services you won't find anywhere else in town.

