Alright, by looking at my rating of this place you may just write this place off.
But I have to explain.
I have been here twice and both times we had the same waiter, older gentleman with a southern accent.
He is one of the best servers ever, very prompt, polite and earns his tip.
Both times we noticed the place was curiously empty of patrons.
The second time we went there was a banner out front that read "New Management", made me think it wasn't being ran well for awhile.
Now to explain the rating.
Both times we order their sampler plate, it comes with tacos, chimmichanga's, and something else.
Anyways the first time after eating there I came home and puked at about 2 AM (we had dinner there).
The second time the same thing happened, so I thought too much of a coincidence.
Sorry Garcia's waiter, but I won't be back.

I have eaten there about 5 times.
The food was good, service was good also.
The atmosphere is a family type, a little bit of noise, but not annoying.
So all in all it was good for me and my family.
It seems to be a good place to have a large group go for dinner and not have a 2 hr.
wait.

Food was good, service good, other reviews are harsh, food nothing to write home about but it's an 'american' Mexican and it delivers what you'd expect

Love this place!
Garcia's is one of my favorite places to go for Mexican food.
I can honestly say that I have never had a bad meal here.
Fresh ingredients, hot and tasty food, decent service.
To start off, we love their chips and salsa and bean dip.
These items alone are worth the visit!
Chips are served hot along with fresh salsa and a spicy bean dip that I think they make, and if they don't, it's still really good!
The menu is pretty standard Mexican food items.
I usually go for the Grande Burrito.
It's made with fajita meats and veges.
Comes with Charro beans and rice.
Served with Guacamole and sour cream.
The fajitas are excellent too.

I was really looking for some authentic Mexican, but because of time and location had to settle.
I knew better but went in anyway.
The restaurant was not busy but service was a little off.
My wife and I were seated at a table too small for my children.
We had a craving for margaritas and shared a pitcher.
It was good.
Nothing else was.
The salsa was bland like ketchup and we asked for an extra Jalapeno and never got it.
The "Flautas" rolled in flour tortillas were corn taquitos.
The Green Chile Pork Chimi was filled with flavorless stew meat and was soggy.
Had we not enjoyed our margaritas we probably would have not eaten and gone to Taco Bell.
This is probably a good restaurant for Snow Birds with no palate, but for true Southwesterners it was horrible.

Slow service, tacos were greasy, some of the food was served lukewarm!

WOW!
We ordered 3 different entrees, and each was superb.
The food was delicious and the portions generous.
The service started out poorly, but improved greatly before we left.
This is on our "Must Eat Here Again" list.

Food is good.
Service wasn't too good.
Tables not cleaned quickly.
The food that had fallen on the table by the prior customer was just quickly swept to the floor with a rag that didn't smell very good.
Hard to get the server's attention.
Server forgot to bring one drink and Served one beer in a cracked glass.
Didn't have enough glasses to serve us.
Only had small foam take out trays rather than larger ones.
But...
The food was good.

So I went with a friend and right off the bat our waiter seemed preoccupied with something else.
Not sure what it was, but it wasn't us, the place wasn't even busy...ANYWAYS besides the service the food was great and the atmosphere was very... southwest?
haha... Spanish?
Haha, if you go to a Mexican food place you know what I'm talking about.

Love Garcias.....
I love going to Garcias.
It is one of my favorite Mexican food restaurants in Arizona.
They have great fajitas and a fantastic happy hour.
The bean dip has slipped some, it used to be much tastier but it is still pretty good.
Great margaritas and normally great service.
The outside seating is also very nice.
I would recommend Garcia's to anyone who wants good Mexican food!
Update....  We just recently celebrated my sisters 30th birthday here.
We came out for happy hour so we were able to deal with the whole family being there :) We requested outside patio because it was such a large group and we were interested in the happy hour.
We had grandparents that "couldn't handle the heat" so they allowed us to eat inside and still get happy hour prices.
The server and the manager were very attentive to all 21 needs that we had in attendance.
They did such a fantastic job dealing with so many people and made the experience great.
No ones food was sent back it was all correct and everyone enjoyed themselves.

Happy hour is nice with half price apps and have price drafts, among other things.
This is what the rating is based on.
Without happy hour, drinks are too expensive.
The fajitas are usually great but need more meat, less onions and peppers.

Great hard tacos!

The first and last time we went there was a spider in my moms rice.
Could barely eat the rest of the night and the staff tried to act like they couldn't believe there was really a spider in the food.

I love Garcias.
This location is great because there is never a wait and everyone is very nice.
I always get the 3 combo plate for $12 with a chile relleno (they make the best rellenos), a pork burrito and chicken burrito.
I eat the relleno while I am there and the other two burritos the next day.
Its a ton of food for a very good price.

The service was terrible-didn't get one drink refill, the steak was packaged-tasting, the cheese on my chicken burrito dish hardened because it wasn't even served hot...I just don't want to go on- it was that bad.
We will never be back.

Garcia's is a festive little place inside a strip mall, neutral beige color outside but an explosion of Mexican colors inside.
The amber-filtered lighting in the bar/counter area and booths/tables is a cozy contrast to the adjoining patio, which exudes with sunshine and a hanging decorative bulbs in the evening.
I recommend the latter for a nice outdoorsy Fall meal and that you grab a table on a Friday Happy Hour as soon as you get there.
I was told the patio could be really crowded and noisy when High School kids from nearby congregate after school.
Greeters and waiters/waitresses were attentive and overall did a good service.
Food is average to say the least; they get points for plate presentation but lacks a kick of Mexican flavors that i would normally find at Moreno's.
Safe bet to order are the El Grande Fiesta which consists of flautas, chimis and cheese quesadillas, and the fajita quesadilla with chicken which i thought is a decent meal for a reasonable price.
The house margarita is ok too but it is not unforgettable.
We were there from 5-10 on a Friday and i was really pleased at the casual atmosphere on the patio.
The food may not have won me over on my first visit but i'll definitely be giving it a try and be looking for a seat at the patio again.

Went here a few months ago and it wasn't too bad.
Good enough to get me to go back again today.
Wish it hadn't been though.
Today I ordered the shrimp tacos and it was a 3 on a 10 scale.
That was the good part.
Everything else tasted BAD, EVERYTHING.
My wife wasn't pleased with her Cheese enchilada either.
The service was ok and the staff was pleasant but we definitely won't be back.

Sunday night.
Fairly busy, and there was a fun buzz goin' round the place.
We were a party of five and seated fairly quickly.
Chips were fairly decent, and 'twas nice that they give you decent amounts of salsa plus a giant dollop of refried beans to go with 'em.
Drinks came promptly, and they took our food order.
This is where the restaurant experience ENDS.
LOL.
Most of my group ordered entree's, and I ordered soup.
Shouldn't be anything extraordinary about it.
Food wait was at least 30-minutes!!
I will give them these positive reinforcements -   1.
Server was nice.
I ordered a tortilla soup, and it was hearty, and a good portion.
I ordered extra avocado, and they gave me generous amounts.
The server came 'round and noticed that our drinks were empty (ONCE), but it sure as hell took him a long time to come back!!!
Ambience had a fun vibe.
Company was good.
Service was horrible.
Food was OK. Soup had too much of a tomato-ey base, but it was still OK.  Wouldn't come back unless I had to, though.

We have tried this restaurant a few times.
Unfortunately one time was when all my relatives were visiting.
I had been to the Garcia's in Phoenix years ago and had great memories, so I expected it to be great.
It was a big disappointment.
Our enchilada sauce tasted like barbecue sauce.
Everyone in our party was very disappointed in the food, and my husband and I paid for it, so it must've been really bad for them to complain about free food!
We tried again and the food was so bad tasting I couldn't even eat it.
And I'm a really hungry girl who loves Mexican food!
Too bad it's not like the old Garcia's I remember since it's 2 min from our house.
I wouldn't chance it again, though.

I was very disappointed by my latest experience at this Garcia restaurant.
I had purchased a local deal voucher for a $24 dinner for two.
I was not aware that the voucher had an expiration date.
When I printed the voucher I realized it had expired.
We went to the restaurant anyway and talked to the front desk where we were told that the voucher would still be good.
We were very surprised when our bill came to find out that we had to pay for the difference between what our voucher had cost and the very inflated promotional value of the meal.
Thus we had to pay a second time.
So beware of Internet local deals: they do expire and the restaurants have no qualms making you pay twice!
I used to go to Garcia relatively often.
I guess I will part with them.
The real beauty of this is that the manager tried to blame the local deal agency: they were the bad guys!!!
In the end: Garcia profited from the deal more than anyone else.
No one is dupe.

The food and service were perfectly fine, just nothing special.

Ate here with kids on Valentine's Day.
Service was excellent, food was fantastic!
Kids enjoyed the fried ice cream dessert.
My only tiny complaint was that it was a bit too warm in the restaurant, and there weren't any outdoor seats available.
But it was busy due to the holiday, so no big deal.
We will definitely be back soon!

The free Chips and salsa were the best part of our meal.
Ordered the tortilla soup and Pollo fundido and everything came out room temperature.
Twice our server asked is if we would like more chips and salsa, twice we said YES and we never did get them.
And dont sit on the patio, you will have to fight of the flies.

We were pleasantly surprised at how good our meal here was!
Great Server, too...very attentive and even brought us a free dessert Fried Ice Cream because it was our first time there!
Now that's how you should treat customers!
We loved the chips and the bean dip.
Their kids menu is awesome and had something to please each of my 3 picky eaters.
I had the pollo fundido  which was delicious and my husband had the fajita style chicken chimichanga and he loved it!
We will definitely be back!
The only reason I didn't give them all 5 stars was due to our table being old looking and very unstable (wobbly).
This is really a minor thing, but nice furniture always adds to the ambience of a restaraunt.
The most important things, the food and service, get very high marks from me!

