Boo for Chick-fil-A closing the Ghettrocenter location, which was closer, but yea for this location for being so much closer than Arrowhead.
Come to think of it, this location was quicker and more efficient than Arrowhead, resulting in hotter, fresher food.
Yea for Deer Valley Chick-fil-A.
My lunch hour drive thru order was ready before I was with the cash, meaning the chicken's precooked, but they still had to slap it together, since I got the lettuce and tomato.
All the food was fresh; nice generous portion of green leaf lettuce, good-as-can-be-expected tomato (2 slices), and the waffle fries were in the exact correct place on the delicate Greasy-Crispy Spectrum.
The two clerks I interacted with were friendly and it even seemed genuine.
Sure Chick-fil-A is not as cheap as other fast food choices, but it's so much better feeling the clear juice of a real chicken breast run down your hand than the mucky slippery oil from a chopped & formed chicken 'patty' that a lot of places have.
(Exactly what part of the chicken is the 'patty', anyway?
)  Churchies own all their places, so they are oh so annoyingly closed on Sundays as a rule.
But the food is so good that any effort to protest them by not going the rest of the week would be short-lived.
Now if they ever started in-store proselytizing, that'd be a different story, but they've never done that, far as I can tell.
When I go in, I get the Ice Dream; exactly what part of the cow that is, I do not know, but it's sad to think they get those cows' hopes up by making them stooges for their "EAT MORE CHIKN" mock-protest marketing campaign, only to steal their dreams from them one way or another, and freeze them up for a tasty frozen dessert.
I picture a dark and gloomy torture room, probably the basement of one of their churches, where cows are strapped up and sucked of their dreams,  like the hapless folk from the Dark Crystal having their 'essence' drained by the Skeksies.
Or maybe that's how they get the fresh lemonade?

Since my broheim was kind enough to enter this CF location, I guess I should write the review I would have yeaterday but was too lazy/busy to add it.
I love this place.
The place is clean, friendly, quick and good.
They had a manager out in the front of the registers directing traffic, answering questions, making sure everyones food was quick etc.
RIGHT ON  The only bad thing is the playland.
I swear some kids will loose a finger in the door.
Try the Buffalo Sauce on the chicken.... delish!

I have been to at least 4 different Chick-fil-A's since i moved to Arizona and this location in Deer Valley is by far the best.
First of all it is right across the street from where i work and they are always giving away free food...via your receipt or sending out discount coupons.
They make the best chicken sandwich on earth...i am not kidding.
It is the first real chicken breast sandwich i ever seen served at a fast food restaurant.
It is a little more expensive than your average chicken sandwich but it is definitely worth it.
It is not open on Sunday's because it is a Christian Franchise so they let their employee's have Sunday's off.
This particular location has great customer service...fast service...it is extremely clean and all the food is great no matter what you choose.
The dessert is not half bad either...so if you ever want the best chicken sandwich you have ever had in your life please go to Chick-fil-A.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!

Love the chicken sandwiches and the handspun shakes.

Great food, friendly employees!

Last night was my 1st time coming to this location.
I have been to the PV mall & Scottsdale & Mayo locations a few times in the past.
Oh & does anyone remember the OLD location INSIDE of PV mall, where it had 2 stories?!
That location was the shit.
Any way I love Chick-fil-a!
Their nuggets beat any fast food joints out there-McDonalds, Wendys, all of em.
I also love their waffle fries, so addicting!
I haven't had one in a while, but their milkshakes are bomb too!
The employees are also very friendly which is always appreciated.

Had some issues getting the order in a timely manner but the manager made it up with some free OJ.
Biscuits are fairly good here, especially relative to other fast food options.
Hash rounds come in the cute white boxes.
Convenient location right by the frontage road.

I go here for lunch from time to time because it is close to work.
If you have little kids, you will love this Chick-Fil-A.
If you don't, it will annoy the hell out of you.
Guess which category I'm in?
It's like trying to order food inside of a daycare center.
The little kids scream and run around continually with their balloons.
I expected to start hearing some sing-song rhymes and jump-rope chants.
This would be fine on its own, but the staff seem to cater to the kids at the expense of everyone else.
Today the line was stopped so that a red balloon could be located.
"She really wanted to have a red balloon, not a yellow one.
" Too damn bad!
I can't complain about the food, it's consistently good.
It's just a frickin' headache to get food here.

Consistently great food, and great service.
I love their local promotions like the "1-2-3 that's enough for me" where you received a free 3 piece chicken strip.
Great management.
Love the calendar coupons too.
Would recommend buying one each year.
Great savings for sure.
I love the new grilled chicken salad.
It's a little pricey, but tastes great and is fresh.

My friends make fun of me for loving this restaurant so much.
I realize that calling it a restaurant is a bit of a stretch, however, this location makes it easy to forget they are fast food.
Food: Most "fast food" places have a large variety of things to choose from.
Chick-fil-A keeps it simple.
They have the best chicken sandwiches on the planet, and they must know it since it is 50% of their menu.
I don't particularly like chicken sandwiches, but the ones they make are incredible.
Don't forget the buffalo sauce.
Atmosphere and Staff: Inside is always clean, and the decor is comfy.
They keep the AC around 70-72 degrees and some might find it a bit chilly.
The management seems to be doing a excellent job.
The staff seems to enjoy their work, and even when the place is packed, I have never waited long for my order.
They even have a play area for the kids!
What could be better?
:  They are closed on Sundays (I often forget).

Love chickafila :) they're pretty pricey for fast food though

I'm from the east coast.
Chick-fil-A truly scratches an itch.
I think they fry everything in peanut-oil?
Regardless you need to get breakfast here.
CHIKN MINIS!!!!!!
Some day I'll finally talk myself into getting a party tray of nuggets just for me.

95% of the time the cashiers are super friendly.
A few times I have gone there I got a grumpy cashier, once a grumpy lead person.
But the GM remedied the situation in a very satisfactory manner.
Food seems fresh all the time.
One time I went in about 10:40am and asked for he breakfast item, but the cashier said no.
I asked her to check, and she glanced from the farthest register and said, nope all out.
I am sure they had some left at that time and wish she had actually checked.

Chick-fil-A is always good, but this location is awesome.
I'd like to do a study on their training program and corporate culture and this is the location where I'd start.
"Oh, my pleasure!
" See how many times you can hear that when making an order through the drive-thru.
Oh yeah, and the food is good too!
I don't know what they do to the chicken breasts they make their sandwiches with, but man they are good!
I'm addicted to the spicy chicken sandwich.
Let's face it, nothing fried is "healthy" but using fresh ingredients, peanut oil (cholesterol free and no trans fats) is a good start; and they do have truly healthy offerings if you want to go that route (sorry, no waffle cut fries on that menu!

always fast friendly service & hot food!

Wednesday night is kids night.
Great time to pick up on single moms.
Plus I love their lemonade.

I really love the chicken and how it already comes with pickles o.
The sandwich ... Fave..
I also love the buffalo sauce very addicting

Staff is very friendly and the food is always good.
Our order wasn't right when we had already gotten home a couple of years ago and the manager sent us a $20 gift card as a sorry.
They will have our business for life!

Love my Chick-fil-a!
Wow, they have a system and it is super fast in the drive thur.
Amazed and they are always super friendly!
They always get the order right!!!
++++

Multiple visits.
Great food and very friendly staff.
...and whooda thunk chicken would be good for breakfast?
The chicken minis are awesome!

love chik fil a!
i also love how they aren't afraid to talk about politics in today's day of PC, etc.
good food, good morals, friendly employees!

I got dragged here by a friend a while back.
I hadn't eaten Chick-fil-A since it was on my college campus years ago, but I went along anyway.
UGH.
I guess this constitutes as "good" food if you grew up in a trailer, but otherwise...pass.
1) The chicken always has a weird strip on the end that makes me wonder what exactly it is.
It's chewy and disgusting and I remember cutting it off every time I ate CFA in Flagstaff.
2) In true trailer park fashion, everyone has their dirty, loud, screaming children with them and let them run wild, usually barefoot or with a dirty diaper sagging two inches from the floor.
I'd rather not eat than eat somewhere like this again.

the one and only time for me... i got food poisoning..

My first time ever eating at a Chick Fil A. Yum yum and yum.
Tried the chicken nuggets, the tortilla soup, the waffle fries and a chocolate shake.
I was extremely full.
No, I did not eat it all.
I did sample each of it and the shake was THE BEST PART!
The nuggets aren't your mcdonalds nuggets.
These are real nuggets of meat, not a byproduct and its all in the sauce.
The chick fil a sauce was my favorite.
Fast friendly service and a very clean restaurant.

I really enjoy the food here.
Probably one of the best layouts for a fast food but it feels more homey than any fast food.
The service is very hands on, extremely well maintained facility, the best playroom ever and the food is great.
If you watch your diet, the salads are great.
I am willing to pay a higher price for food when the service and product is his good.

Service was FAST!
Taste good too.
Place was clean as well.

Love Chick-Fil-A breakfast!!!
Wish they served fresh skim or 2 percent milk with their coffee.
I don't like the little creamers that are non dairy.
yuk

I love Chic-fil-a, delicious, consistent and best staff all around.
This is my default fast food.

My first Chick Fil A ever.
Really really good Chicken sandwiches.
Chicken was really good, crisp outside, perfect inside.
Bun was great too.
Fantastic service for a fast food joint like this.
Friendly people all around.

The best drive thru restaurant around.
Never get sick of coming here and the service is exceptional compared to other chain drive thrus.

Great food and customer service.
The chicken is always moist and tender.
The fries are good.
The milkshakes are great, if you don't mind paying a little more.
Of all the fast food restaurants, Chick Fil a easily has the best customer service, maintaining consistently great customer service across almost ALL restaurants.
They hire a lot of kids in high school with a lot of potential and develop great customer service skills in all employees.

First time actually eating at a Chick-fil-A, and I am a fan!
The customer service far excited 90% of the service you get at other fast food places.
There was a play area for the kids, which made everyone happy!
The gilled chicken sandwich was tender and overall delicious.
I am a little embarrassed that it took me so long to try this place.
The only negative thing was that the kids chicken nuggets were kind of small, but that is probably because they are actually chicken unlike other places.
I look forward to eating here again.

