I do like a good torta.
Currently, in my book the king of tortas in Phoenix is Gallo Blanco.
However, sometimes I don't want such a fine dining experience.
There are days when I want quick and cheap; and when I want a quick, cheap, and good torta, there's one place that has not let me down: Tortas Paquimé.
As a biographical aside, I actually visited Paquimé, in the Mexican state of Chihuahua back in the spring of 1995.
My first torta was prepared by a Tarahumaran Indian over a wood fire at Copper Canyon nearby there.
But I digress...  A buddy of mine who is originally from Ciudad Chihuahua turned me on to Tortas Paquimé when I asked him what he thought was a good, authentic torta place in the Valley.
He noted, and I must agree, that the fact that they bake their own bread on-site makes all the difference.
I've had a few of their numerous tortas, and have not had a bad one.
Nor have I heard any of my co-workers who have accompanied me there complain.
The place is spotlessly clean.
In fact, the cleanliness and order there is a little jarring at first visit.
The staff is very nice, and completely bilingual.
And the tortas are not only good, but they are also pretty cheap.
All in all, this is delicious food at a great value in a clean, friendly place.

disappointment....I was actually driving down McDowell Road looking for a Honduran place that I had heard good things about, saw this place, and decided to give it a go.
I wish I had kept driving.
I am a big fan of tortas, however, and could not resist temptation.
I ordered the torta de aguacate, which is basically an avacado sandwich with mayo/crema.
There are jalapenos and a tomato on it as well.
No lettuce.
The bulk of the taste is the mayo/crema, which was so overpowering that I could not finish my meal.
I ordered to go, so I tried to mask the taste at home, adding various ingredients in attempt to improve the flavor by killing the crema.
Morningstar chicken and delicious New Mexican salsa could not save the sandwich unfortunately.
The place was clean and the bread would have been good without the mayo.
I suspect that the meat tortas are better than the vegetarian one, so others may have a better experience than I.
The elote sounded interesting, roasted corn on the cob with cheese, lime, and chili.
It had the mayo on it too though.
I will not be going back to try it.

I went there for lunch today.
The park lot is small that is near the building, you can park on the side of it for more room.
The place is set up to order at the counter.
I had the quesdilla paquime with chicken $5.25.
The chicken was breaded, pounded thin,  and yummy.
I eye balled the deserts (ice cream, pudding, flan, cakes, popsicles, etc.
)and different drinks (bottled sodas, canned sodas, shakes, & fruit drinks).
OMG!
Too bad, I was already full.

At the recommendation of a co-worker, a group of us from work visited Tortas Paquime.
I'm not a Tortas aficionado, but I'm willing to try something new, especially something that I would likely not try or stop at on my own.
We park and go inside- there is a wait and it appears that the counter service is a little slow.
The place is new looking and very clean.
It is an open kitchen and you can watch the prep cooks prepare your food.
Everything looks great, it's hard to choose.
Fresh avocados abound, and we marvel as the cooks deftly remove the bright green flesh from their skins, adorning our food with these delicious fruits.
The counter help is friendly and helpful.
Our orders are taken and drinks provided.
They make REAL lemonade and fresh fruit drinks.
Bottled Mexican sodas, fresh brewed tea.
Our party orders a variety of food- Tortas, tostadas, flautas, churros.
I ordered 2 tostadas and likely could have been fine with one.
My pork tostada is loaded sky high with beans, delicious pork, shredded lettuce, fresh avocado, and more.
My vegetarian (bean) tostada is equally delicious.
It was a crisp fresh salad on a tortilla.
My friends who ordered tortas were very pleased, and they know their tortas.
One problem we had was that they had TVs on and the volume was very high.
We asked if they could adjust and they said they could not.
It was loud enough that you had to raise your voice to talk.
Spanish speaking comedy, music, and gorgeous tourism video played.
I would definitely bring my kids here, as I think they would enjoy the adventure.
I'll definitely go again.
I also recommend this to folks who want to try something more authentic and varied, but also want familiar ingredients as an option.
visit 1/14/11

Tortas are not the only Mexican fare served up here but are the reason I return!
I tend to keep it safe with the ham and cheese torta (part sub/panini).
The bread is so airy and has the right amountof sweetnes to make you just forget about the ham and just nosh on the bread.
They bake it daily and bread is not for individual sale.
Boo!
Their fruit drinks are yummy; dining area just got expanded with a side bakery.
TV's are kinda loud; needs more ventilation; parking is limited and next to tire shop but well worth the visit.
Oh yeah; it's in the da hood too!
But so far so safely good!

Ribeye tacos!!
Heaven.
Trust me, I was born and raised in Mexico city and that combo of little home made flour tortillas and beef colliding  with lime juice and salsa...
Brings me back home.. Congratulations Tortas paquime.
Tortas good not the best  Place is spotless!!
And their bakery is sensational.
You have to eat here no matter what.

This is a great little place.
They have almost as many dessert options as they have food, which is unusual in itself.
Check the website menu for a full list.
We had the rib-eye tacos and the Cubano torta.
Both very very tasty and a good value for the price, and both were very well-seasoned and yummy.
Big chunks of avocado on each taco, and a salsa bar with a lot of good options.
They also have.... .
get this... .
chocolate covered strawberries for 75 cents each.
One of the best values on THAT product that you will find anywhere.
It was clean and shiny in there too, and open, and overall just a pleasant ambiance.
Definitely a spot I will return to, probably many times.
Highly recommended !!

Tortas El Guero,you've been put on notice.
I think I've found a new place to satisfy my Torta needs.
My only complaint is that the milanesa is cut up so small that it is a difficult feat to get the stuff to stay in my perfectly baked bun.

Stopped into this clean, stylish cafe for lunch today.
After having a small free sample cup of their delicious chicken soup I couldn't resist ordering a bowl of it!
For my torta on this first visit, I ordered their regular first-on-the-menu one, called the "Torta Paquime" with everything, which included a good amount of roast pork, avocado, tomato, mild jalepeño slices, & more.
It too was really good!
Now this torta is a little smaller than the one I usually get at amazing uptown rival Los Reyes, but look at the low prices here!
Adding in the soup made a complete , satisfying lunch.
The service was super friendly & attentive, too.
With its great food, nice atmosphere, low prices & stellar service, it's a big "Yay!
" for Tortas Paquime & I can't wait to come back!
:-))  Torta Paquime $4.65 + Soup of the Day $1.99=$6.64!

their $5 carne asade torta has a full avocado in it and great bread!
i don't care for their elote--it's served as a gloppy mess in a cup instead of on the cob!

I postponed writing my review of Tortas Paquime I July since it was my first visit and our experience was 2.5 stars.
Today's visit brought them up to a 3 star rating.
The Good ~ They use very fresh ingredients, their tortas and variety of postres are very good.
They offer a soup of the day.
The service is friendly and they are fairly quick to make your order.
Their prices are very reasonable and cheaper than most other places that offer the same menu options.
The not so Good ~ Their Aguas Frescas are not made fresh to order and tasted very watered down.
The tortas are very good however their Tacos Volteados was more of a melted cheesy tacos than a shredded pork tacos.
They were also a too greasy.
The Bad ~ We had to sit on the side of the restaurant that has the TV and it was too loud.
It was playing some kind of Mexican comedy that was not appropriate for the children to watch that were dinning at the time.
It was also very hot in in the restaurant.
I will blame that on the Arizona heat.

Seriously excellent authentic Mexican food!
I had their original Torta and it was delicious.
The Horchata was top notch and I got a huge scoop of  Pecan Ice Cream for dessert which was DELICIOUS.
I highly recommend this place for it's excellent staff, great prices and outstanding food!

The tortas are so delicious and the service was fast.
Being Mexican myself, this is now my favorite torta restaurant.
May I recommend the Torta de Milanesa de Res.

The food was closer to a 3 star rating but the friendliness of the staff, the immaculate kitchen and the relatively fast service bumps it up to a 4.
We tried the torta Paquime and the torta Mexicana.
Both were good but the Mexicana was better.
Saw someone else get what I call taquitos and a huge order of nachos, after we were already eating.
Those both made my mouth water and wish I had 2 stomachs.
Worth stopping in...

I actually love this little place.
It's clean and the staffs are friendly!
First time I came here I got the Torta Cubana and the Torta Mexicana.
Both tortas were good, but I definitely loved the Cubana much more.
The torta (I think this is the bread part) is tasty and soft.
I could probably just eat the bread itself, but the mix of meat and the juices...that's a whole new taste bud there...so good!
They have a few salsas and grilled veggies free for grabs.
They also have ice cream or gelato; not sure which one.
I haven't tried any of the desserts, but they look tempting.
Came back and got the Tacos de Ribeye which is so good!!!
They give you lots of meat and I love how it comes with a slice of avocado on each taco!
I didn't even know they had pastry on the other side of the restaurant until the second time I came...LoL!
I came here 3 times within the first week that I discovered this place.
I'm actually not much of a sandwich person, but the Cubana satisfies me completely.
=o)

Great Tortas for the price and flavor, very clean.
I live right around the corner from them so I'm a very repetitive customer.
First time I went I fell in love with their bread, not to mention the freshness of their products something fast food chains lack.
I grew up in central Mexico, tortas in Mexico are like burgers in America, every restaurant has them each with it's own unique style and flavor finding them here and portraying the meaning of authentic  Mexican food can sometimes be hard to find.
But Tortas Paquime has it and it's fabulous!!!
...No complains yet*

What a gem!!!
Not located in the best of areas but you would think they were getting ready for the President to arrive and dine!
This place was spotless!
The cashier was extremely friendly, not pushy, offered a sample of their homemade chicken soup while I was deciding (since it was a chilly 40 degrees outside it really hit the spot!).
I was undecided between two menu items and she graciously helped me decide based on customers feedback.
I ordered the torta cubana....
It was fantastic.
It would have been nice if it was cut into two pieces but I devoured it anyway.
Fresh homemade torta roll, the avocado,lettuce, and tomato were fresh!
The meat was delicious!
Great job guys!
Great selection of baked goods, homemade ice cream, palletas, and horchata.
I will definitely be back!

Clean and commercialized is how I would describe this place.
IT lacks the authentic feel and ambiance I would expect.
But this is not why the score it low, it was the flavor to value ratio.
My avocado tomato and mayo torta was $5 and it was slightly larger than a .99 hamburger.
It had a very creamy flavor from the avocado and tomato on the soft bun.
Add to that some 1.99 french fries and I had a unfilling meal.
The one highlight of this place is the condiment station, with a great creamy and hot red salsa, avocado dip and fried peppers.
If you rarely stay away from the big chains and want a torta this is for you, if you like the flavors and fell of local dining look on.

For those unfamiliar with tortas, they are the quintessential Mexican sandwich.
Tortas Paquime is a place to get these wonderful sandwiches.
It is also a bakery and a place to get Mexican refreshments and ice cream.
The restaurant is clean, and appears to be well maintained.
The service is quick and efficient any employees appear to know what they're doing.
I ordered the torta paquime, the restaurant is named after it so...
It was pretty good, but I think I'll try something different next time.
It appeared to be some type of pork that was cooked beforehand and serve in kind of like a cold salad .
It was roughly diced and put between 2 soft pieces of bread with tomato avocado and possibly mayonnaise.
Not exactly something I would normally order but good nonetheless.
I also ordered a vegetarian tostada, to try something more familiar, and it was excellent.
I also had the soup of the day, which was like tortilla soup without the tortillas--very good.
I would return just for the soup alone..
I wouldn't want my lack of knowledge regarding tortas to cloud my review.
I will be back to try more items.

The best mexican food in Phoenix hands down!

One of my favorite places close to home.
tortas (Mexican style sandwiches).
Love the tortas of turkey butt (colita de pavo) delicious with the fresh avacado.
Yum!
My mouth salivates just thinking about it.
Love there salad at the restaurant, the take home... it seams, its not the same.
Love their daily soup with a side of their in house potato chips.
The potatoe chips taste like salt and vinegar.
Delish!
The chile verde burrito has great flavor, while I'm not a big fan of their red.
The place is very casual.
You can also get some ice cream and fresh fruit drinks like melon, fruit punch, horchata, etc.
Oh, there are great sweet treats!
You order, pay and sit.
They will call your number once it is ready.
One thing though... be ready to grab your drink, if fresh fruit drink, if you don't take it someone else will gladly take it for you.
:-P

Any good sandwich starts with the bread.
The torta roll was soft, sweet, and lightly toasted.
They used a sweet mayo which I normally don't like, but it worked so nicely with the meat.
I got pork...Mmmmmmmm!
It was tender and tasty!
The thing that made this torta so delicious, was the avocado.
They generously covered the roll with soft perfectly ripe avocado...and it was warm.
They also put a little pickled jalapeño which added a nice tang.
I could have used a little more heat.
If I lived out here, this place would be a regular spot!

Was craving a torta Tuesday night 7/3, and I knew that my fave was already closed by 830pm (Tortas El Guero).
Also had my g/f that night, who'd never had one.
She ordered the Paquime, and I had the Cubano w/o beans.
I was highly disappointed.
Those two sandwhiches are nowhere approaching the same league as my fave, or Tortas Del Rey.
Tiny, thin, and so-so on the taste.
My g/f loved hers, and kept wondering why I was disappointed.
On July 4th, I called and found T El G was open, and I promptly took her there.
Then, and only then, with close comparison, could she understand the vast chasm of difference between a true TORTA, and those two jokers we had the night before.
NOW, I want to be clear I'm only disappointd in their sandwhiches.
The place is large, clean, friendly and OPEN late.
I saw a salad and a plate dish or two coming out of that kitchen for which I WILL RETURN to sample.It's just that when I want a REAL -DEAL TORTA, it won't be there.

Tortas Paquime is absolutely, irrefutably delicious, plain and simple.
I seem to always end up getting the Cubano (ham, pork, beans, swiss, avacado, mustard, plus tons of other good stuff) but all their tortas are fantastic.
Great horchata and mango juice too!
And their ice cream is outstanding, not to mention all the mexican sweetbreads available from the bakery section.
This place leaves me full and happy every single time.

I've been meaning to try this place out for a few years since my mechanic is basically across the street.
So I finally took the plunge and said to myself, "What took you so long?".
I thought it was a nice sized place with plenty of seating and a stand alone soda station, salsa bar and  a bunch of yummy looking desserts at the counter.
They had the spanish language televison and music going on as well.
I ordered the 3 carnitas tacos on corn shells.
They give you plenty of meat with a little dab of quacamole on the side and garnished with a few chopped onions, tomatoes and some cilantro for $6.89.
Did I mentioned that they give you plenty of meat?
Wow, the flavors really meshed well together.
Needless to say, I really enjoyed my meal and am looking forward to my next visit.

Overall, the best Mexican food chain restaurant in The Valley.
As far as torta places go, I would rank it in the top 4.
Most likely at #3 right now, right behind Los Reyes de la Torta.
The 2 tortas I have tried so far (the Mexicana and the Cubana) have both tasted great, and the Cubana really was distinct from the other chain 'Beto places in that every meat could be tasted distinctly and not as some meat mash.
However what truly sets tortas paquime apart is its aquas frescas and pan dulces.
Try the melon aqua.
It was almost reminicent of a creamsicle.
And the donas are drop dead.
Overall, the ambiance,  cleanliness and friendliness of the staff help push tortas paquime into the upper echelon of pheonix mexican places .

Delicious torta!
Great deal.
Go.

Favorite quick Mexican food in the valley.
Everything is fresh, try the avocado torta or the chicken flautas.
Good service, great prices, amazing food.
Aguas frescas are great too, ask for a Jamaica mixed with limon.

i had heard about this place so I decided to stop by friday after work.
I ordered 2 tortas ahogadas to go for my dad and myself.
When I got home I realized they had given me the wrong order.
I called in and manager was kind enough to tell me if I went back I would get the right order for free.
I went back yesterday after work and I did get the right ordere.
My torta ahogadas are very delish.
The sausce is very tasty.
The whole torta was very good.
I would would go back again.

I enjoy this place for their food.
The tortas, twin burritos, their homemade potato chips delicious!
No comparison... but lately their service is atrocious.
I come and dont even get attended to so I leave after 10 min standing their.
While they see me there.
That was yesterday.
Today I called in my order and they didnt have it ready.
I called in 20 min prior and still...

One word for this place!
DELICIOUS!
Of course you have to wash down your delicious Torta with a aqua fresca!!!
I will be back for sure!!!
Haven't tried the ice cream but it looked very good!
We need one in Chandler or Casa Grande!

It's been 3 years since I visited this Tortas Paquime & I was joined here today by Norm R.  I went with a warm Torta Paquime and a cup of Tortilla Soup.
I still like these guys but there were a couple of shortcomings this time.
My soup was barely warm and there were no paper towels (or air dryer) in the Men's Room.
With that said, the torta was good & I'll probably be back to this TP eventually.
Torta Paquime:  $4.99 + "Cup" of Tortilla Soup (small bowl):  $2.99 = $7.98  Orders are served with a few home style potato chips and there's a help-yourself salsa bar with some nice sauces & goodies to customize your torta.
:-)

