Great market.
They carry so much great stuff and the people who work here are super friendly.
So many different types of Halava and other sweets.
Purchased a few juices, a big bag of yerba mate,  and a few pieces of Halava.
I really wish that there was a market like Aladdin closer to home.

If you want middle eastern or greek delicacies you have to go here!!
The owner is so helpful and lovely.
The prepared food they have in their fridge and freezer are ON POINT, try the Kibbee in the frozen section.
They are sooooo good I'm taking them back to SD with me.
They have fresh veggies, dairy products and even a butcher shop with Halal meat.
Don't forget the yummy desserts either!!
Hint, check in the beverage fridge, you will find some really different and fun drinks.

I hate cooking and luv middle eastern cuisine, & with the minimal amount of ridiculously over-priced and under-performing middle eastern restaurants in this town, Aladdin Market is a great solution.

Owner is a solid guy.
He sells yerba mate, Cruz de Malta brand, which is smokey but not too strong.
Aladdin Market is found in the Liberace Center across from the Liberace Museum.
Also across from the Pinball Hall of Fame.
You can't miss it!
Fresh cheese from France found here.
Greek yogurts o'plenty.
Some fruits and vegetables sold here as well.
Sweets too.
Fig jams are here which sell faster than any other jams on the shelf.
Very close to Mccarran airport.

I love small locally owned businesses, service is so much better than corporate stores.
I come here for the 4 pound cans of dolmas & their fave beans.
If they don't carry something, then owner will tell you some other small shops that might carry it.

I had the most horrible experience at this place!
We have been going there for over a year now.
And the whole time we never felt welcome by the owners wife.
She always gave us this awkward look and attitude at the register!
We never understood WHY!
But we still went there because it is close to our home.
But today everything made sense!
As always we get our frozen chicken and go to pay  for it.
The owners wife says we always get chicken but nothing else.
I told her I do get other things WHEN I need it, which I do always.
She insisted that I leave if I am just going to buy chicken.
She said the chicken were for her "customer" who buy other products as well.
At first, I thought she was kidding but then she started to put away the chicken I was going to buy!
I was very calm and collective even thought I wanted to scream at her!
I felt very humiliated.
Its not like she was giving me those chicken for free.
I paid for those over priced chicken without complaining.
And AM I NOT A CUSTOMER!
If her business is hurting now we know why.
She knows nothing about customer service, and has no idea how to run a business!
That place will not last for long.
I have even heard stories where they turned down business to few other customers.
Please do not go there.
I don;t want anyone else being humiliated.
I have never been treated that way in my life!
And im sure I never, ever will!
Because I have a heart, unlike the owners of Aladdin Market!

Aladdin Market keeps on expanding - which is terrific!
I stopped in yesterday because I had a hankering for their hummus - but in the end I picking up some of their freshly made baba ganosh and tabbouleh instead.
The owner is friendly and welcoming, the guy that rang me up at the counter wouldn't crack a smile though - maybe he's just shy.
Still I love coming here - Las Vegas doesn't have too much diversity as far as markets go and I truly value the mom and pop independents.
BUY LOCAL!

This market has a really great selection of Mediterranean foods and decent prices.
It is a random location in a dead strip mall, but that means plenty of parking!
This is my go-to place for my middle eastern cuisine ingredients.

Lets just cut the crap and get straight to business.
You need this place in order to purchase items that your local super market does not carry.
I will be honest and say I gave it 4stars instead of 5 because I felt like an older woman was staring me down as if I was a thief.
And I really really really hate that.
Other than that great selection.

It is a nice place has a good selection of chicken and stew meat.
They are also halal for anyone who cares.
They also have a good selection of feta cheese and olives.
If you like flat breads, they have good selection.
They have most of the goodies to prepare Middle eastern/Persian/Mediterranean food.
The owners were friendly, it was my first time though.
My two complaints are 1. some of the stuff can be on expensive side 2. it is too far from where I live

