Great Hotel

Stayed here for 2 nights.
It was awful.
I felt very uncomfortable in the room, couldn't sleep.
We ended up checking out at 4am the day we were leaving..
The hotel is RIGHT NEXT to the highway so you hear the cars/trucks/motorcycles all night long.
Just a very uncomfortable hotel atmosphere.
Also, they charge a $2.50/day service charge.
They over charged me $5, but when I called, they did reverse the charge.

Not the greatest, but I've stayed at worse.
My view is a homeless encampment.

Looks like the pictures.
A mere 20 minutes from the airport.
Stayed here on my way to Flagstaff.

One star is very generous for this place.
I paid for a executive room with fridge and microwave but that did not happen.
The front desk was rude, the room smelt awful, and the bed was very uncomfortable.
Also the free breakfast was a joke, it was super cold and gross!
Never stay here!!

Wow this was a tough one.
Staff was nice but as they told us another weekend short staffed day.
No room avail at 4:30 took a king room with nothing not even HBO.
I  booked a double queen w fridge and microwave.
4 night stay and on the 4th night got the double queen room.
Packed hotel with some staff trying really hard others not so much.
What u expect at a less expensive hotel.
No soap, shower curtain or towels but a nice note promising to come back in a few hours with the supplies and they did about 5pm or so.
Could be better if it was properly staffes.

Dog friendly.
Clean and well maintained.
Decent hot breakfast including waffles, eggs, potatoes, sausage, oatmeal, fruit, yogurt, juice, and coffee.
Very friendly and hospitable night staff.
You can tell they take pride in their establishment.
Couldn't ask for more from an economy motel!

I stayed here for weekend wedding that was in town.
The hotel was much nicer than I expected!
Clean rooms, comfortable beds, and one of the best free breakfasts I've ever had (i.e.
eggs, sausage, potatoes, bagels, fruit, waffle maker, etc.).
We were running late the day of our checkout and the front desk was kind enough to extend out check out time.
The only downside was no fridge, which would have been nice to have given the heat.

