Nice place - nice tv's to watch sports.
And nice employees.

It's wonderful to have a casual, upscale sports bar in the neighborhood.
The staff is friendly and accomodating- from the hostesses who offered a genuine smile upon entering and a coupon on the way out...the bartender who helped me find new ways to drink a flavored vodka...and the manager who took a table reservation for a busy college Bowl game night.
I have been three times the past month for drinks and dinner with the family, including one night with my children.
I can't wait to return to take advantage of the happy hour specials, as well as the fire pit and live music on the patio.
Thank you Dan Majerle!

1st time visit - Food very good (the Gorilla wings very meaty!
), the TV's are awesome, plenty of music or sports!
Service thou was disappointing - our buser was more attentive than our server.... we will be back thou!
- Oh really nice patio area too!

Back to Majerle's for happy hour and to watch some of the Coyote's game..  Service was much better and the food just as good.
We will certainly make this a regular visit.

Super yummy food, reasonable pricing and fun atmosphere.
Big bar, tons of flat screens and a great happy hour- I will definitely be back!

A very ordinary sports bar.
Positives:  clean, attractive (if somewhat sterile) atmosphere; friendly, attentive, gorgeous staff; big-screen TVs and enormous projection TVs visible from any table make it a good place to watch a game.
Negatives:  need more craft beers on tap; menu somewhat boring and food needs seasoning (SW Turkey sandwich bland, side cole slaw lifeless); took 10 minutes to get my first beer even on a slow Sunday night.
Would give an extra star for fixing any one of those issues, two if all were fixed.

Very above average food.
Not your typical bar fare!
Great atmosphere and the TV's rule!

Best sports bar in Valley hands down.
Food is great ... service is better.
This is the norm at all locations.
I was an original Downtown Majerles regular andnow that I am on the westside its the only place that I will go to watch a game and get a beer.

This is my favorite Majerle's!
I haven't been to the one in Scottsdale yet but I haven't been disappointed with Marjele's.
Marjele's in Goodyear is bigger than the one downtown but you can expect the same quality: good food, good drinks, great TVs, and great times!

Very nice atmosphere and delicious chicken nachos!
We also had a burger which was just average.
Overall, good place and we will definitely be coming again.

We stumbled upon Majerle's and I have to say, we were pleasantly surprised.
Walking in I wasn't sure if the food would be good, looks like a fun place to have a drink and watch the game, but didn't seem like a place this picky eater would like.
I have to say the food was fabulous, the BBQ chicken sandwich was amazing and the bun was soft and very tasty.
Oh and the fries were shoestring and crispy - YUMMY.
We'll be back!
Thank you.

Great food!!!
The French dip is to die for!!
Great Service!
Clean and fancy especially for the area it's located in!
Def a hidden gem!
My husband and I both love going here and can't wait until next time.

The food was great.
Drinks were awesome.
Service...ya, that needs some work.
Our server didn't check on us once.
We had to wait for place settings after our food arrived.
To top it all off, she asked if if we were leaving.
The place wasn't busy by any means.
Asking if you were ready to leave while there is still food on the plates AND the drinks were half full is not great.
I will probably go again, but only if making sure she isn't our server.
I think her name was Ashley.

My lunch partner and I went there last week after the traditional lunch rush, about 1:30 pm...not  my usual time to review a place as I would much rather see them under pressure and how they handle it.
This day was slow and the waitress was training a new server who was shadowing her.
Very pleasant, certainly cute and took our order without writing a thing down.
Impressive start.
There happens to be outdoor seating but based on the heat index, we opted for an indoor table.
Margaret had a house Margarita which happened to be on special, on the rocks with no salt.
I chose Iced Tea.
Both arrived quickly and were quite refreshing as it was 117 outside that day!!
Lunch was simple, I chose the Chili Pepper Garlic Gorilla Wings ($9.50) with celery and carrots and some blue cheese.
Margaret had a McKenzie Grilled Cheese Sandwich with a side of Fries from the kids menu ($5.00) and a cup of their Soup of the Day ($5.00)     The food arrived quickly and was almost 100%....with the exception of the Blue Cheese being Ranch (which I cannot stand) but was replace immediately when I told the waitress of the issue.
The french fries were outstanding, very hot, thin and very crisp and could not have been better.
All in all it was a nice outing.
Probably one of the better times to go there if you are not looking to view a sporting venue as the place was deserted by comparison to a late night weekend.
Conversation was easy as the noise level was low.
Monday through Friday there are awesome lunch specials with several choices each day.
The next time I head back there it will be for one of those, I am sure.
Bottom line:  Good food, great service, reasonable pricing.
Nice to see there are only 3 of these places in the valley and one is right near by!
Enjoy!

Staff is always friendly and provide great service.....really good fries and happy hour deals

This place has great food, the setup there is awesome and the service is outstanding!
The pizza's are awesome and there taco salad is amazing!

First time here and we were surprised with the food.
We would like to go again soon.

I went to Majerle's for happy hour with my buddies about 6 months ago.
The beer was cold and I ordered the nachos.
They tasted "different" but I didnt think much about it until about an hour later.
I ended up puking my insides out for the next two days.
Needless to say I still cant eat nachos anywhere......
I think I will not be returning...

Nice place, great service, but the food is bad.
Went to watch the Monday Night Football game with friends.
We sat at the bar and got great service from Jenn and Issac.
Happy hour drink prices are good, but at 7:00 we had to pay the full price, which is kind of high.
They have flat screens everywhere with the game sound on, so all was good until the food arrived.
We started with Nachos, which were very mediocre.
Just cheese poured over cold chips.
Then  I ordered sliders cooked "medium", and Jim ordered a cheeseburger "medium"  The order took a long time, and we found out why.
The burgers were so overcooked and dry, we took a few bites and left them.
The fries were probably good five minutes earlier, but they arrived cold.
We spent a lot of money at Majerle's only to have to stop at In and Out Burger to get something to eat.
If you want to watch the game with a drink, Majerle's is good.
But don't go there to eat.
I'd consider it a bar, not a restaurant.

Not a bad place to visit.
It was crowded inside, but we sat outside next to the fire pit.
We were the only ones enjoying our beers out side.
The waiters came and moved the empty tables to make room for some game that you toss bean bags onto a board that has a hole in it.
I guess you het points for making it on the hole  the throwers toss the bag 23 feet.
So a romantic evening was cut short because we were having bean bags fly with in feet of our heads.
Not cool to force us off the patio so drunks can play a game of toss the bean bag.
Only bonus for this place is the ginormous receptionist who stands at 6'2 very attractive  We did order some Nachos cheese was not melted.
Tasted good though   Ditch the bean bag game.

Stopped in here with the gf for a quick drink and some Happy Hour food.
We've been to the one downtown and had a good time so we thought we'd try this one out.
We sat at the bar.
Staff was friendly.
Smelled like potpourri at the bar.
Not that it was bad or anything.
Kinda reminded me of my Moms house.
Lol.
All in all I'd go back.

Came here on a Saturday night around 8:50pm.
The place is like any sports bar, cool.
We were greeted promptly by the hostess.
She was nice and bubbly.
We sat in the booth and waited 5 mins before we are acknowledged by server.
It took another 5 to 7 mins before she came back to take our drink orders.
Then the drinks came pretty quick.
Then 15 mins go by before she is available to take our food.
We ordered appetizers and dinner.
It was 25 mins before the wings came and then the kicker was the wings were barely warm.
We were so hungry we inhaled them.
The medium was quite warm and the terriyaki was ok.  Our food took another 20 (Yes, 10pm) our dinners came.
The Margherita pizza and the M.J. Cordon Bleu sandwich was also good and served HOT but they messed up on the side, they put cole slaw instead of french fries.
The server brought my fries after another 10 mins.
We found out later from the server that the manager let some servers go earlier in the night.

Stop by for a late lunch or early dinner and hit the happy hour food.
You do get a slightly smaller order than normal but at half price its still a good deal.
Had the boneless wings and its always good.
I had the Southwest Chicken Pasta and it does not disappoint.
Lots of chicken to go around.
Probably the best thing I have had on the menu.

If you have a choice, go to the one downtown.
I always get the buffalo shrimp, but at this Majerle's the coating was too thick.
Not to mention, our ice tea tasted like dirt and service was horrible.

We are totally a fan of this sports bar ever since the abrupt closing of many local bars we frequent.
We most likely would have never stopped in if it wasn't for the mailer offering BOGO for one entree.
We started with a appetizer (the nachos with chicken) and our waitress was prompt and polite.
My wife ordered a chicken Cesar wrap and she enjoyed everything.
I ordered a spicy buffalo sandwich with shoestring fries and it was quite yummy as well.
They have great drink specials and decent prices threw the whole menu.
It was a mistake free dining experience, with little to no wait on anything.
This is a perfect venue for a quick enjoyable dinner with the possibility to break conversation and watch the game.The food is a good view point of what bar fare SHOULD taste like / be.
Be sure to stop by and try it out if your a Goodyear visitor or local, it's quite the nice escape from your frozen food Fridays / Chili's.
update: Don't go see UFC here... 10 dollars a head, too busy and little to no annoying crowd control.
Many other bars offer no cover or 5 at the most, it almost toally threw me off the place if my wrap wasn't so damn good.
Try the Gorilla bites !

While my boyfriend is in town for Nascar , he and his team stay down the street at a hotel near this bar and grill.
Looking for nightlife options midweek this is what we found.
Not bad!
We sat at the bar.
I ordered my famous snakebite... and yeah.. they had to ask, but they did it and it came out very well.
Had to have two since they opened two ciders and two guinness to make the drink.
Good music.. some nights there is karaoke.
The staff is super friendly and accommodating.
The quesadilla on the appetizer menu is shareable and became a craveable favorite of my boyfriend and myself.
Good bar!

Love the nachos!
The best in town!
A bit pricey compared to the competition but still love it there!

With the closing of b dubbs that was right next door, marjeles has the wing game locked down.
I highly recommend the gorilla wings, they are very big and meaty (haha, no homo).
Great customer service and good prices, great place to go.

The PHX legend Dan Marjerle keeps on going with another solid restaurant.
Great location.
Food is very good and fresh.
Started out with the gorilla wings and they were good.
Be sure to get the secret sauce.
There was four us and two got the all-star burger and two got the Asian chicken salad.
Both were very good portions and quality meals.
Capped it with a nice beer from the wide selection and you can't go wrong.
Many tv's so you don't miss a game with variety of music playing in the background but not too loud.
Service was very good and friendly.
Definitely will be coming back to this spot again!

Since the closing of B-Dubs next door, this has become more of a favorite hang out!
When I was a kid and we'd come to town on vacation (and I had a huge crush on Thunder Dan), we'd always go to the downtown location.
Now that I live in the West Valley and Majerle's is a 5 minute drive...I'm there often!
As mentioned in a few other reviews, the Gorilla Wings live up to their name!
They're huge in size and in flavor.
The Buffalo Shrimp appetizer is freakin' phenomenal as well!
You can get any of their sauces on the shrimp, so you can try something different each time.
Their fries are awesome, crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside.
As for entrees, they have a killer Ruben sandwich and their pastas are really good as well.
A full bar and wall to wall tv's makes this a great place to catch a game any night of the week.
I'm still waiting to catch a glimpse of Thunder Dan himself, and hopefully this time I won't make a food out of myself and completely freeze up like the one time I met him!
;-)

Parking lot was packed!
So I was hoping that it would be a good indicator that it was good food..I was not disappointed!
We had the nachos for an appetizer and it was better than I could have imagined!
Seasoned ground beef, homemade cheese sauce, jalapenos and all the goodies!
We also had the bbq chicken pizza and it smelled amazing!
AND tasted even better!
Service was good, food came out super fast, even though it was busy.

My parents and I love Marjerle's.
Their happy hour is good, love the wings.
We end up going there and we all just get wings!
The fried shrimp are great, and the brownie dessert is decadent and good.
We've been here for trivia night and we won a $5 gift card, the emcee was funny and it was a nice way to spend a night!
Great place to watch UFC or whatever game you like to see.
Service is good, all the waitresses I've had have doted on us.
Great sports bar, it'll always be one of our regular spots!

This was my first time at this location, the menu is the same as the others and the food is just as good.
The servers were very nice and accommodating to me and my 4 kiddos.
If I am in the area I would go back.

I've seen this place for the longest time, but for some reason I never stopped in until I was on a whim this weekend.
First time walking in the door the place has a nice vibe to it.
We went on a Saturday and then again on a Sunday night.
Both days football was on and good games at that.
TV's are easy to see from wherever you are in the bar and the two big screens help out as well.
Started out sampling some of the beer they had.
I've got to say it's nice to see a place that carries some of the locals.
For those who love Four Peaks brews like myself I was very pleased that somewhere on the west side of town carried it on draft.
Our bar tender was great.
She remembered my name both times coming in and even remembered on the second day what me and my wife both wanted to drink.
Happy hour special here are great.
3.50 for pints and 2.50 domestics isn't a bad deal for happy hour anywhere.
They also did 5 dollar apps which was nice for those not wanting to get stuff on a meal.
We did end up ordering some food and it was pretty good.
Overall I really enjoyed this place, beers were great, service was excellent, and it makes me want to come back.

Husband and I stopped by for lunch one day on a whim.
We were hungry, saw it driving by and popped in.
We were greeted ad soon as we walked in.
Never been here before.
First impression, clean, attractive spacious.
Plenty of tvs.
Set up seems to be comparable to other "Sports bars/eateries.
"  Sat in a booth--comfortable, waitress was polite.
Ordered wings and fries, couple of sodas.
It was all ok. Wings were nice and big, decent taste, but not necessarily "better" then what we've had elsewhere.
Took awhile to get our orders although it didn't seem overly busy (we went to late lunch around 1400, had to flag waitress down for refills.
)    Food was mediocre, overpriced.
Service was mediocre (slow service, minimal followup) Not impressed, it "filled the hole.
"  It wasn't terrible, but easn't memorable either.
Might try again if in the area to keep it real....might have been an "off" day.
As of now, with so many other good eateries out there, not enough to make us "crave" it to come back.....

Wonderful food.
Great service.
A must eat of the west valley!

Food isn't great, but going here for sports and drinking is definitely a good time.
Not as packed as some of the more popular sports bars in town, but it gets just as loud when the home team is doing good (or bad...).

We came in to watch some March Madness games.
The hostesses aren't the smartest bunch of girls in the world, ya know the type that's watching a basketball game and screams "touchdown".
The food was OK, it wasn't so bland that I wouldn't be back but not great enough that I'm making sure we make time to stop in again.

Nice sports bar atmosphere.
They have a shrimp appetizer that is so mouthwatering!
I wish it was an entree!
Food is good - beer is good - we all left satisfied!
Recommend the French Dip!
We brought my daughter who was 1, and everyone was pretty okay with her being there.

Majerle's is a fun sports bar.
I have eaten here probably 20 times over the last year but service seems to have dropped dramatically and so has my attendance.
Last time I ordered wings with "maniac sauce" and the server attempted to correct me, "Um...do you mean the hot sauce?".....
"Your menu calls it maniac sauce, figured that's what you'd call it.
"  Guess it confused her...  As a table of 3, we waited almost 40 minutes for a couple sandwiches last week.
Then the food came out without the right garnishments on the sandwiches.
Food is OK, above average overall.
Prices are reasonable ($10-$12 sandwiches/sides).
A lot of downtown employees get discount (I get 15%) which is why we used to eat here a lot...but slow service means you can't leave your desk, eat, and get back in an hour...which is the cardinal sin of a restaurant serving lunch.

I am here for the beer and to watch sports, the food is just OK.
I really like a bar where the bartender asks your name and uses it.

My sandwich took 30 minutes for me to get.
Really??
A sandwich??
Its worth a shot to try this spot.
Alot of my friends like this place but not me.
Too loud too have a conversation with someone sitting right next to you.
The waitress took our order..brought out the food..gave us the check.
And not once asked if we needed anything.
No refills.
No more alcohol.
Napkins.
Nothing.
Rude..I hate bad service.
If you dont want to wait on people then why are you here.
The only reason I gave 2 stars is because they have soooo many tvs.
And every sport on.

Good burgers and friendly, non-intrusive service.
I had the spicy Doug & Wolf w/pepperoncini, jalapeños and pepper jack cheese--only on the Goodyear location's menu)  Ordered the hot buffalo sauce on the side for the fries and the sauce was yummy!
Next time I'll have to check out the wings based on the sauce alone.
My friend ordered the Mama Majerle's Burger (mushrooms, onions and mozzarella) --I had a bite and it was fine, but I'm partial to my choice.
Happy hour specials looked okay (about $6 for apps + discounted drinks) even though I didn't order any.
I was excited to see that they had live trivia that started around 8 (Wed) which was fun and easygoing.
All and all, nice sports bar and grill for decent food/service that feels clean and family-friendly.

First time visit.
Very nice place, super clean and large.
Plan to make this a go to sports bar.
Burgers were excellent.
On tap choices were ok. No gluten free beer or vodka is a bummer cause the wifey can't have gluten.

Food is outstanding .
Great bar food and the fries are to die for.
Great place to hang out and watch games.
Staff are all very nice , manager checks tables to see if customers are happy.
Highly recommend going there for food and drinks and the good atmosphere :)

Yikes!
It's been a while since I was last here but this place has taken a turn for the worst.
About 10 other patrons in here when I went and it was dead silent.
No music, no tv volume, no talking- no energy!
The appetizers were mediocre at best and while the service was fine, the food and atmosphere really ruined the experience.
Will probably skip a return visit in the future!

The food is okay.
Pretty much what you'd expect at a sports bar.
Nothing exceptional, but nothing to really complain about, either.
Sometimes it can get busy during Cardinal games, but they didn't have any problem finding me a place to sit.
My only issue is that they were out of both of the beers I tried to order.
It might be a good idea if they stocked up on those two.
The manager came over and offered to buy me a beer, so I ordered a Blue Moon instead of what I had originally wanted.
This was a very nice gesture by management at Majerle's and something I didn't quite expect.
A commitment to your customers and to provide excellent service is always a pleasant surprise.

I ate here a few days ago and can't wait to go back.
The make the BEST burgers ever & the staff is really friendly

I eat here every time in in town...
The service is hit and miss, but the food is solid for a sports bar.
I recommend it to friends on a regular basis.
I usually get the Rojo Diablo...
It's the best buffalo chicken sandwich I've found.

Ambiance is a bit sterile and simple.
Service was excellent however and there was a good view of all the TVs regardless of where you sat.
The pizza exceeded my expectations so overall not a bad casual hangout.

One of the best places to go get food and watch sports at the same time.
I work next door to the restaurant in Goodyear and always go grab a bite and watch sports there.
Two thumbs up if you ask me.

Was kinda dragged here as I'm not any kind of sports fanatic nor usually a fan of the kind of food that tends 2 correl8 w/ such, but have 2 say I was rather pleasantly surprised by my visit here.
Nice atmosphere & interior welcomed our fairly large party, far different from the obnoxious overbearingly loud rowdiness & tacky sport team coloring typically found in similar places.
Of course it was lunch & not much in the way of games was happening @ the time but hey, I'll take it whenever I have 2 accompany my sport~luving eating companions.
Our w8tress was very friendly, professional, efficiently accomod8ing ~ I especially liked how she interacted w/ my friend's kids who were in tow.
She was either a mom herself or just knew how 2 make kids feel as important as the adults.
I started w/ the Spinach Queso Dip & a side of sweet potato fries which were both amazing in their flavors, texture & consistency.
Fries were Perfect: outer crispness soft inside ~ not greasy, limp or overly~fried.
Spinach Queso Dip was 'almost' up there w/ my fave = Elephant Bar's (which is saying A Lot)!
4 my entree I ordered the Strawberry Field's Salad (sans the chicken of course) & it was SUPERB.
It comes w/ a bed of mixed greens (grilled chicken), strawberry wedges, candied pecans, feta cheese and strawberry vinaigrette which I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ~ I was so blown away by it's Goodness I placed another order of it 2~go & tried seeing if I could buy some of that AMAZING strawberry dressing 4 personal use @ home but 2 no avail, wasn't available that way (or they're keepin' it a secret)!
I noticed there r quite a few different options available 4 Veg~heads here & of course dishes can b customized minus items such as what I did w/ the salad which was my Fave of all the 1derful things I'd partaken of while here.
So YES I look 4ward 2 returning UN~reluctantly 2 try other things from their surprisingly extensive menu & might even brave Superbowl in full swing 2 do so (which is the personal BIGGEST COMPLIMENT they can get from me)!!
Majerle's just acquired another fan... just 4 different reasons ~ Tee~hee!
;-)

Majerles Sports Bar has plenty of room and a large bar area!
The service is great and the food is very good!
Majerles offers  a great Happy Hour menu with drinks and food.
One of my usual food favorites is the Southwest Chicken Salad and Slam Dunk Shrimp which are both really good and large portions as well.
Majerles  is just a great place to catch a game, any game.
I like the fact that Majerles keeps the volume on the game instead of playing music like some sports bars.
Majerles is the  perfect atmosphere to watch a game or just hang out with friends.
If your in the area you should give Majerles a try because Thunder Dan's place is worth the visit.

