Jersey's is cool.
Plain and simple.
Doesnt look like much from the outside but it has got some spirit.
they have a lunch special or happy hour I think where they have a 3 dollar gyro.
For sho hard to beat.
Not the greatest food but who cares.
They are really friendly and when I went back the bartender remembered my drink even though it was kind of busy.
That is cool.
They also have fun stuff like Wii sports and bean bagging and karaoke.
Good place to meet people and hang out and do what you want.
One other thing.... they have sports packages where I always get to watch my Red Sox.
A place should not be considered a sports bar if you cant watch the game you want when it is on.
(Bar owners please that notice of that)  Good times.

I fully agree with Ted's review of Jersey's.
I love a bar that offers fun things to do while having some drinks!
Between pool, Wii, and Cornhole (aka Bags) there's always fun to be had here.
On Tuesday nights (after ~9:30) they provide free homemade tacos which are quite tasty.
And kudos to the owner for providing a free shuttle to/from your home to prevent customers from drinking and driving!

We used to go all the time, but the food sucked, it was a hole and the only good thing we used to say about it was it was a good place to take a sh....  Now they have let the only cool bartender go because he was a guy.
Most of the girls were horrible and not all that to look at.
Plus they promote the free shuttle, but normally the guy who was suppose to drive it was too drunk to be the driver.
Time to find a new home in Chandler.

Friday afternoon Happy Hour and the place was .. well it was not rockin'.
Here for a co-worker's farewell, but if it wasn't for the b-ball games on their large screen TVs... we were half the patronage.
Our waitress was very friendly actually and attentive, always checking up on us w/out being pushy.
Food is 2 star mediocore (it's a bar), but an extra star granted for the sober shuttle...  that's awesome.

The three best things about Jersey's are: (1) the free popcorn (2) live bands on Friday and Saturday (3) and no cover charge.
Unfortunately the bands are almost always lousy.
They hire such bad acts I suspect that management lowballs the salaries for the bands.
Count on the bands playing classic rock.
It's not that I hate classic rock if it's done right, but I grew up in that era and get tired of hearing classic rock played like beginner garage bands (the kind of bands we used to laugh at when they screwed up Aerosmith tunes).
Sometimes I go to Jersey's just to find out how many pitiful bands there are in the East Valley.
In case you are wondering -- there are endless numbers of lousy bands and they all play at Jersey's!
Considering the voluminous number of great tunes that were made from 1960-1980, it's surprising that the bands that play at Jersey's have almost identical playlists (AC/DC, Aerosmith etc.).
Maybe the owners of Jersey's provides a list of songs that must be played because they think that's all aging boomers want to hear.
Jersey's has a small dance floor that is not used very much, perhaps because the bands aren't very inspiring or danceable.
Sometimes five or six ladies will do freestyle dancing by themselves while men sit around and gawk.
From what I have seen none of the ladies know how to swing dance but several of them know how to wiggle their hips.
Jersey's is designed so that people can sit around and watch the dance floor (which is good) but there is rarely any dancing that is worth watching (bad!
bad!).
The floor is glazed cement that hasn't been refinished in quite awhile.
Most people there don't know how to dance so the condition of the floor is probably not noticed.
If Jersey's ever wants a good dance scene they need to put in some wood flooring and hire some bands that play something worth dancing to.
The draft beer selection is nothing to brag about but they do have a good deal on Guinness.
Basically Jersey's is a neighborhood dive that people hang out at because they don't have anywhere else to go.
With a few upgrades Jersey's could become a major hangout in the East Valley, but I suspect none of the necessary changes will happen anytime soon.

Jersey's is a sports bar in Chandler.
Although the food is pretty average they do have some unique items that are pretty good.
The winners are the "Philly Sliders", the "Heart Attack Dog", and the "Red Hook Fish Sandwich".
Jersey's has daily specials that are pretty good, such as buy one get one free burgers on Monday and half priced appetizers on Fridays.
They also have good drink specials every day.
Jersey's has a lot of TV's, which makes it a prime location for football Sunday.
Decent food, good specials, and lot's of TV's, gives Jersey's an above average sports bar rating of four stars.

Funny in 2009 Alison someone said the waitress were bitchy and the food was blah.. one thing this place can say is they are consistent.
waitress was friendly (not real Bitchy but she wasn't real smart though and wasnt' a good waitress at all) till I realized she was flirting w/ the guy we were with the entire time and he had sent his food back twice for the waitress to say "oh i took the first nacho's off" well no shit they were horrible!
LOL Beer was good.
lol can't go wrong there.
I'll probably try it again.. or not.
i dont know.

It's ALLLLright.
A true dive bar I suppose.
Eric the bartender was really cool.
The crowd itself on a Saturday night, honestly, had me wondering if I was going to be followed home, murdered, and scattered about the dessert in body bags.
Older 40's+ bar flies with bad staring problems.
What...you've never seen 6 cute girls sitting at the bar before?
Live band was cool.
My favorite thing about it was the unlimited, self serve popcorn machine!
I believe we got up to 5 rounds lol.
FULL bar, great selection, but..not my crowd.

Been there several times, mainly for the the awesome bands they have there.
The drinks are pretty decent and the wait staff to.
I like the free popcorn also.
I had eaten there only a couple times during lunch and wasn't really impressed.
I've had better burgers else where.

Considering Jersey's proximity to two major dance venues (Graham Central and Paragon) it's somewhat pitiful that they haven't been able to attract some of the late night dance crowds from those places.
Very often dance ends early at those places and people want to go clubbing, but they don't have a place to go.
So far Jersey's hasn't made changes that would attract these crowds.
The dance floor is still shoddy, and the music is mediocre at best.

Jersey's is getting serious about live music.
They put in a stage for bands and have quality stage lighting.
They even have a laser light show that's very cool.
Much to my surprise I even dropped in to hear a quality band called "The Chubby Dog Band".
They played good R&B music.
I will probably upgrade Jersey's to a 4 star if they do one of these two things:  1) Consistently hire good quality bands.
Chubby Dog is a good start.
2) Install a wood dance floor.
That cement floor is pitiful and will tend to discourage dancers even if the music is good.

I like Jersey's because it's got a "Hole-in-the-wall-MEETS-modern-sports-bar vibe.
" It's spacious and has a pool table, if that's what you like.
The food is decent.
The downside is their patio which is dark and narrow...just not very inviting.
It's not that big of a deal for people who like to stay inside, obviously.
And it's not even their fault.
In fact, Teakwoods next door has a super small patio too.
Either way, It's a place I'll visit again, but nothing particularly redeeming.
Heard they have great bands lately.
If this is true, I'll edit this post and add a star or two.

Local Sports Bar with decent food, well priced drinks, HUGE inside televisions, COUCHES on the outside smoking Patio (with more TVs)...friendly people...speedy service...  Wow, it just occurred to me that Jersey's is a really great spot.
I suppose something about the fact that it's a chill Sports Bar makes me hesitate in raving about it.
But, I find no fault with them...hmm...  Let's keep going:  They have live music on the weekends, corn hole, that blue hand held trivia game thingy, a dance floor, high tops, low tops, booths...and some of the best bartenders in the damn state.
Alright, so, for what it is: A neighborhood sports bar - They're getting another star from me.
I gotta give it up.

Stopped by during a weeknight, late at night (near closing time).
Seems like a good local sports bar that's reasonably priced.
They have TVs everywhere so I'll definitely be checking it out again once football season starts.
The bartender (who was nice) said they would show any team if asked.

In my previous review I said that it appears Jerseys is getting serious about having good live music.
Their new stage and improved lighting and sound seemed promising.
However, since that review I have probably dropped by more than a dozen times and have yet to see a band that is worth listening to.
For the most part the bands play a very bad brew of poorly played classic rock tunes.
By going to Jersey's you can see how many substandard rock bands we have locally.
A few people manage to get on the dance floor but their lack of enthusiasm and/or dance skills is painfully obvious.

Bunch of seniors hanging in this bar on a Saturday afternoon.
Patio looked pretty uninviting (mostly for smoking) so i watched the game from a table near the bar.
Clearly, there are plenty of TV's and somebody actually knows what games and what channel to put them on.
Props for that news.
Burgers, sandwiches and the usual suspects were popping up, but the weekly specials for Saturday were chicken enchiladas.
It was the waitress' favorite dish (aren't they all), so I went for it and it turned out very good.
The red cream sauce that was advertised might have been on there, but it was more like a cheese sauce mixture that was also mentioned in the description.
It was bright though and kind of looked like a meteor when served.
The only thing that elevated it was the excellent addition of green chilies to the shredded white meat chicken inside the three corn tortillas.
The chilies added some zing to the dish and both the rice and beans were serviceable.
Nice waitress and an all day happy hour made for a good lunch.
I also noticed that nothing in this place is priced over $7.99 and the famous $4.99 burger deal is really about $6.25 if you add cheese.
Good local bar.

I love this place.
it was amazing, the food and the staff!!!!!!!!!
My new favorite spot.

Good local sports bar with decent music venues.
Great prices and damn good food for a bar.
Looks like I need to take some pictures next time, they don't have many.

We had lunch on a Wednesday and were greeted as soon as we walked in the door.
Very good service, real good food and drink prices too.
My wife had a Rueben sandwich and the meat was real lean.
I had a Cuban pulled pork sandwich that was really tasty.
$2 domestics for Happy Hour and they have local craft beers from Four Peaks and SanTan on tap too.

