I know that locksmiths are a dime a dozen but when searching for a locksmith on Yelp, nothing really stood out UNTIL I came across Mr. Lockout.
A perfect name to my locked-out-of-my-house situation.
I gave Mr. Lockout a try and received great and speedy service at very competitive prices.
Mr. Lockout was even able to make me extra keys - - as many as I wanted.
Yippee - no need to make a special trip to Home Depot or Lowe's!

Very awesome service.
Needed a new lock for my mailbox and Mr. Lockout was able to open and install a new lock in no time.
Cannot ask for more.
Very reliable.

My neighbor locked herself out her apartment.
I called one locksmith for her that was unable to open the lock.
I called Mr. Lockout next, and he was able to open the lock in a few seconds.
Next time, I will call Mr. Lockout first.

I was locked out of my car and they came pretty quickly and were really nice about it.
I was feeling like a dope for leaving my keys in a car that locks automatically!
They also were pretty cheap, though I admit I couldn't really compare them to anybody else as I have never used a locksmith before.
They set the bar high, but no offense to them I hope I never need one again!

I had an issue with a sliding glass door that would not latch properly.
I tried several times to fix it myself, but was unsuccessful.
I called these guys and the gentleman who came out figured out the problem right away, repaired the door, and now it latches.
I was afraid I would need to replace the whole door, but they fixed it at a fraction of the cost.
I would definitely use these guys for any lockout or locksmith needs, especially aluminum sliding doors as not many technicians know how to work on these and actually fix the problem!
Great job!

I purchased a house and needed all the locks rekeyed as well as some adjustments to a couple bad deadbolts.
I scheduled an appointment for next day service.
Stormy showed up and provided great service with a friendly attitude.
Along with the rekeying, some lock components were replaced and a little drilling was done to correct existing alignment issues.
Very reasonably priced and excellent service.

I have used this company 2 times because I have an 18 year old that can't keep up with his keys.
They are wonderful, on time and have fair prices.
Amazing!

They came within 1 hour and 15 minutes on a Sunday morning.
He took less than 10 minutes to open the car and it cost $60.
Loving it!

What happens when you misplace your keys while traveling and your other set is inside the condo?
Well, if you're us, you immediately look at Yelp and find a high-rated locksmith to call.
Being a Sunday, we were worried that the locksmith would be closed, but most were open.
We called one company but the price seemed a little steep, so we shopped around and gave Mr. Lockout a call.
Their price quote came in $20 cheaper and they had a five star average on Yelp so they quickly became the chosen locksmith!
We waited about forty minutes and then Bill showed up.
He was extremely friendly and quickly grabbed his tools to get our door unlocked.
I liked the fact that he was a friendly guy who made us feel very safe.
If I were a solo girl, I would trust Bill to help me in a time of need.
Within minutes, Bill had our door open and he also made us two new keys.
It was very reasonably priced compared to the other quotes ($65 plus the price of the keys which were a couple dollars).
Thanks to Yelp we now have a go-to locksmith in time of need!

These guys are awesome.
My situation was that I only had 1 key an I lost that so I called Mr Lockout an spoke with Carol.
She was so nice an really worked with me, awesome customer service.
They came out gave me 2 new keys for my car an went on my way.
These guys are the ones to go to.
Thanks

Carol is awesome.. She is quick, professional and very friendly... Will definitely recommend her

I own a small local full service repair company, and we actually work on locks, and I know and am very loyal to a local locksmith- however, he does not do chip keys for vehicles, nor do we, or any local home centers.
I know of a local locksmith on Cave Creek that many tradesmen use, but I do not like his attitude or service.
I looked to Yelp for reviews, and found this company.
This company was exactly what I thought it would be based on the Yelp reviews.
They got it done fast, for the price they talked about, and I got someone that could smile and communicate effectively, not someone that I would be nervous about having at my home.
I've been in the repair industry for years, and I can count on one hand the number of men and women that I will recommend.
This company would be one of them.
I couldn't have asked for anything more.
Thank you Mr. Lockout!

I called several locksmiths in the valley off of the net on a Google search and I never came across so many shyster sounding people.
None could give me a set price on getting my keys out of  my old 2003 Chevy Van work truck that I stupidly locked in it.
It was gonna be the low or the high price they said, they really couldn't tell me...which means, they get out here and it's magically the high.
Or it's only 19.95 only to find out that is the trip charge and now comes the charge for the work.
I got on yelp and saw Mr. Lockout.
Called up and talked to Carol and she said this is the price...boom!
Dave was sent out  and got it done and charged the price that was quoted.
And let me tell you...it was quite a bit less then what all these other guys were wanting for it.
I will definitely be  recommending them.
Both Carol and Dave were very nice.
I wish there was space for 5 more stars!!

