Went here last night with my parents.
We were pleasantly surprised by the interior as we for some reason expected a pizzeria style atmosphere.
Carey started us with a wonderful glass of Shiraz, my dad, his usual Tanqueray and tonic with lime (which Carey brought out immediately upon his arrival) and appetizers of roasted garlic and Caprese.
As for entrees my mom had never tried vodka sauce so we both decided on the Shrimp and Scallop Vodka, which were delicious and my dad opted for the N.Y. Steak Grilled (medium/cooked perfectly) with sautéed spinach side MOUTHWATERING!
We finished off by sharing the Crème Puffs which were YUUUUUUMMMMY!
Overall it's a wonderful local Italian restaurant.
Open about 6 months and will definitely be a regular for us.
Thanks again Carey for the wonderful service!
We look forward to seeing you again soon

Came here for a early dinner and they were expanding half the restaurant.
(Business must be good).
I had thought this was a cafe since i have driven by it but it turns out to be a a little more upscale than thatt.
The decor is modern and trendy.
They start you off with hot french bread dipped in oil and balsamic vinegar.
I had the house salad which was not worth the $8 price tag.
There was no meat, just field greens, tomatoes, onions and dressing.
My bf had the spaghetti with meatballs which the sauce was extremely runny with no flavor.
The rigatoni bolognese and theseafood pasta with vodka sauce looked like much better options.

We went here last night for dinner.
Very pleased!
Order: 1.
Shrimp & Scallop Vodka LOVED!
Seafood Linguini Combo -YUM!
Very good!
I do not like scallops, and they had no problem with leaving them out.
Mussels were HUGE and so were the Shrimp!
Chicken Vesuvio -The waiter recommended this one.
Had some heat (which is what the waiter said) but DELICIOUS!
When you sit down, they bring you french bread and some oil & balsamic vinegar.
They had no problem refilling the bread and oil & vinegar- which was nice!
Huge wine list!
Very casual- we came in jeans.
We will definitely be coming here again!

I would rate this as a one more in a long line of mediocre (at best) Italian restaurants in Las Vegas.
I dined with a medium sized group  and had a chance to sample several appatizers, entrees, and deserts; as well as hear comments and view the reactions to the food quality.
The evening started on an extremely low note and thankfully went up slightly as dinner progressed.
The hostess that greeted us at the door was rude and discouraging, and the first person to greet us at our table was even worse- disheveled, rude, uninformed, and just plain insipid.
Thankfully he was just the assistant waiter or bus boy, and our regular waiter was much better (although in all seriousness, the bar was set VERY low).
Our table started off with a variety of mixed drinks and appetizers, as well as the bread that was served  automatically.
This was the absolute low point in the evening- the drinks were poorly made at best and took entirely to long to get to the table, two of the 3 loaves of bread brought to the table were stale and had to be replaced (even the second set didn't taste very good) and everything seemed to be a hassle to get.
I put 100% of the blame on the assistant waiter.
You have to understand this guy left you with the feeling of absolute incompetence.
) Once the appetizers came, things picked up only slightly.
If garlic and salt  sledge hammer flavors are your thing, this restaurant is for you.
Of the several apps that I tasted, only the bruscetta was worth going back for, but I grudgingly give a nod to the steamers (white wine sauce and heavy garlic) and the crab cakes (very meaty but not much flavor...
how?).
Avloid the overcooked calamari and the absolutely boring ceaser salad (really, even a sports bar can get these right)  Dinner was thankfully better, but again the slovenly assistant waiter and overwhelming flavors marred a good, if basic, Italian meal.
Of all the meals I sampled, nothing actually stood out, but nothing actually tasted horrible either-  just mediocre and overwhelmingly seasoned.
The veal chop I ordered was tender and very buttery in texture, and everyone that tried the roasted potatoes was in love.
My partner was absolutely disappointed in her dish, unfortunately neither of us remember what it was exactly (a pasta with spinach and chicken) Everyone else seemed satisfied but never wowed by their food, and only two plates went back clean- two plates everyone at the table heavily partook of- the veal chop and a mixed seafood pasta   Desert and the wines served with dinner were the highlight of the evening.
I ordered a house Chianti that was very good for the price, and several  others at the table shared a bottle of Chardonay.
The regular wine connoisseurs at the table seemed very pleased w/ the wine selection.
As for desert I was once again able to sample several thing as well as take note of other peoples reactions.
Several deserts were ordered and for the most part passed around.
Of important note- the cheesecake (rich, dense and creamy but still light,  w/ a hint of lemon flavor) and espresso ice cream pie (very rich and creamy if slightly freezer brunt, but still one of  the table faves)  were most remarked upon and devoured in their entirety, while the tiramisu was almost completely ignored.
I took a small bite and what can I say- flat, dead, dull...pointless?
This is desert that every Italian restaurant should ace at, yet along with the several coffees and gelatos ordered, nobody had anything good to say about them (all of the coffee drinkers commented on an "off" taste)   So, to sum up- nothing horrible yet nothing stellar;  the service was OK in some ways but atrocious in others, the food was either serviceable or entirely forgettable, and the bar is a complete failure.
Another completely mediocre Vegas Italian restaurant.
Will I go back?
Never.

I have been visiting the owner/chef of Mastrioni's Cafe for about 15 years, since his days in the tiny, one-room with a window Cafe Lago.
Peter and his family have been delivering absolutely amazing food for as long as I have known them, and I am so excited to have them closer to my home and in the most gorgeous atmosphere, an atmosphere that they deserve!
The food is unbelievable.
I wish they still had a wood-burning oven, their pizzas and bread were incredible, and are still awesome, but I miss the flavor of that oven!
I usually get Chicken Marsala, which is fantastic (they ask me if I want that now, I don't even have to say a word... haha).
I can't leave without a cup of their Pasta Fagiolle Soup and their Caesar Salads are great.
I also love their Chicken Parmesan, any of the dishes with Vodka sauce, and their Swordfish Piccata.
Their prices are not cheap, but for the quality of the food, they are well worth it.
Go visit Mastrioni's Cafe, you won't be disappointed!

If you are looking for something really good in the Summerlin area then you have to make a trip to Mastrioni's.
I've yet to have a bad meal there!
Start with the Mastrioni's salad and you can't go wrong!
Ask them to split it when you order, it's enough for two people.
An amazing salad with Gorgonzola, walnuts, pears, cranberries and vinaigrette dressing.
Mussels with red sauce are excellent and I highly recommend the seafood linguine combo.
The special on one visit was linguine with clams, mussels and shrimp in a red sauce.
Excellent!
The shrimp are huge and fresh!
Service is attentive.

I wouldn't guess it from the exterior, but Mastrioni's occupies a beautiful space.
It's located in a strip mall and has the typical stucco outside.
But on the inside the restaurant has high ceilings dedicated only to open air.
The tables are nicely spaced apart and set with linens, art on the walls.
Super classy.
I really want to like this place, but the food wasn't so great.
I went with a couple friends for lunch.
I think out of all of the entrees we ordered, mine was the best.
I got the Shrimp and Scallop Vodka Pasta ($17).
I am a sucker for a vodka sauce and this dish didn't disappoint.
The scallops were cooked perfectly: to a supple tenderness, not overdone.
And the scrimps were shelled all the way to the tail.
I love that.
The dish had a nice balance was nicely portioned.
My bf got the Veal Marsala ($16).
I had a taste of the sauce and - holy crap (in a bad way).
It  was way too sweet.
My first thought was pancake syrup.
My mom got the Pork Tenderloin ($15), which she said was not so tender.
She said the gravy was very tasty and hearty, but so hearty that she could barely taste the pork.
Well, hot damn.
Both my mom and bf got a side of spinach with their entree.
I thought the spinach was pretty salty.
I love salt, but I love balance more.
They played smooth jazz -- Buble and Sinatra -- during our stay.
They tout a full bar.
My mom ordered a Long Island Ice Tea.
My bf noticed they only serve three Italian reds by the glass.
Seems a bit under par for an Italian joint.
Mastrioni's is a nice place to chill and the service was great.
But the food wasn't good enough to make me want to return.
#offthestrip #noncasino

We stopped here last night for a quick bite to eat.
What a find!
Top rate service, excellent Italian food, and the prices are not bad either.
Even though its located inside a strip-mall type setting, the interior is very nicely done.
Bar for a quick drink of finger food, semi-private area if you want to have a small party, and the normal tables are large enough to handle the portions.
We had the shrimp cocktail (super), Palm salad (colorful, not too much dressing, just the right sized heats of palm), and the Chicken Vesuvius.
Top that with a Blueberry martini which was not from some pre-mix but made from hand, and you've got yourself a fine fun meal.
I'm sure their desserts are great too, but we were way too full to even try.
So, just a great place to eat and seems like a fun location to hang out.
Glad we stumbled upon it.

I don't know what is up with the haters who have posted negative reviews about this place but they should give the place a second try.
Just got home from our first trip and....WOW!
The place is in a strange location but the inside is very nice.
High ceilings, nice art work just like others have said.
Our waiter was outstanding.
He was very knowledgeable, friendly and fast.
White linen table cloths and muted lighting serve up a nice ambience.
The bread was brought immediately and was decent.
The cocktails and wine were very good and although they do not have dozens of wine by the glass the selection was fine.
But how about the food?
I had the shrimp cocktail and we split the Mastrioni salad.
The shrimp was one of the best ever.
The wife used to prepare the apps in a restaurant and even she commented about how they were perfectly cooked, cleaned and presented.
5 big, beautiful shrimps done perfectly.
The salad was also very good.
We always love the salad w the mixed greens, candied walnuts and pears w the balsamic dressing and this was one of the best we have had.
5 of the 6 of us had veal.
Wen had it three different ways and I tried all of them.
Perfect.
Very generous portions.
Everyone commented about that.
My mom and dad couldn't come close to finishing theirs.
I had the parmigiana and it was awesome.
About the marinara sauce.
Some commented that it was watery and mostly just tomatoes and water.
Here is a clue for you.
Real Italian red sauce is like that on purpose.
If you want Prego and pasta make it at home.
The idea here is that the sauce is not supposed to overpower the food.
I think you should go back to Olive Garden for some nice "fast food" Italian.
The food came on time, hot, and well presented.
Desert.
Wife had tarimisu and is a specialist when it comes to this dish.
She loved it.
Dad had the chocolate pie and what a dish it was.
He talked about it all the way home.
The assistant waiter we had is also the pastry chef and we spoke to him for a few minutes to complement the dishes.
He was such a nice guy and very appreciative of the complement.
All of the staff was great, friendly, and you could tell they were very sincerely glad we were there.
They thanked us all the way out the door.
In summation, this is our new go to Italian restaurant.
For 6 of us w drinks, desert and tip it was 400$.
Worth it just to keep you Olive Garden (OG) rubes from taking up reservation times (yes, they take reservations.
Last time I went to OG waited 45 minutes ).
Five stars if the bread was baked on site and better.

I come here a few times a year and they are consistently pretty good.
Good service, good drinks, and the food is generally very good.
I had their classic Steak dish (with tomatoes, mushrooms other veg) which I liked, however, I thought the meat itself was a little tough.
I like their Caesar salad, complete with Anchovies.
It's a little droopy, which may be from the all the cheese on top, or perhaps the dressing has sat on the Romaine too long.
It is still tasty.
The Shrimp Parmigiana, I'm told is very good, though I've never tried it.
The bread basket is tasty while you wait.
Though not a sports bar, it does have a couple of the big games going on, so it's fun to stretch your legs for a moment and see the score --- if you like.
The tiramisu, so often so lousy at restaurants, is generally very tasty.
And huge.
It's a fun atmosphere here.

Mastioni's is beautiful inside and has a nice ambiance.
I was here for a work event and we sat in the back room...may make for a different review.
The service was great and they were very friendly and courteous.
The food was just average, but this may have been due to someone ordering the family style for us.
My favorite part was the puff pastry dessert and the ravioli dish.
Although not memorable for me, I'll stop by and give it another chance, when I can make the menu selections.

Consistently fantastic food and service!
The chilled seafood salad is to die for and the bouillabaisse is as good as it gets!
We are definitely regulars!
Upscale casual dining filled with locals.
Well mannered kids are fine here but this isn't Olive Garden or Chucky Cheese.

If you're a garlic lover, go for the roasted garlic app.
$6 and ya get a whole bowl of roasted cloves and plenty of bread to spread it on.
Crab cocktail is nice lump meat.
Cocktail sauce pretty bland but, they'll give ya extra.
Shrimp cocktail nice too ... large (U15 ct) and well prepped ... not at all soft.
Have had fish 3x, and always enjoyed it.
Recently tried seafood fra diavalo ... not on menu ... which was wery good.
Nice and spicy, and the seafood was added at the right time during the cooking process to insure product integrity.
Will go back again & again.

This is a favorite of ours.
;) This place gives you the 'back-east" Mom and Pop feeling the minute you walk through the door.
In fact, we enjoy the food so much, that we bring our out of town visitors here to dine with us-thus avoiding the strip prices with the same- if not better quality of Italian food.
For an extra special experience, sit at the bar and watch the chefs in action.
They often put on a funny, unscripted show-full animation while busting each others chops.
You can't go wrong with the following: *Seafood Risotto (usually on the special list) FULL of succulent seafood and rice cooked to perfection.
*Chicken Marsala- tender and flavorful *All of their delicious salads-especially the Summerlin salad *The veal  *Their pasta gravy  (almost as good as mine!
)   We think  the overzealous owner and crew deserve a pat on the back for a rare find in the desert.
Salute!

Much better Caesar salad this time -- and the anchovies are not the white kind.
(So popular for a minute for no discernible reason.
)  The Halibut (like the other fish) can be prepared three different ways, and I tried to bruschetta* like version.
I liked it, and the sauteed spinach that accompanied.
The actual bruschetta* appetizer was ordered and while it's good, it's a table share dish for sure.
The veal chop was cooked to order and very good.
The wine was great.
The dessert was just fine.
The biggest issue for Mastrioni's is service.
Our waiter just didn't really know his stuff.
'Where's the Halibut from?
' 'I dunno.
' No effort to ask someone further about it.
He just seemed a little overwhelmed with the task at hand.
And while there was definitely a decent amount of people at the restaurant, it hardly seemed like he was slammed.
Still, I look forward to another dinner there before too long.

Had dinner tonight at this nice little Italian place.
Arrived at 6pm and waited about 15 min.
for a table.
There were people waiting in line to get in.
Unusual for a place way off the strip, or for a place not located in Town Square or Boca Park.
We had a young lad serving us that was quite pleasant and efficient.
I ordered the house salad with balsamic dressing that was excellent.
My main dish was just a basic penne with meat sauce.
I thought it was very average.
The restroom was very clean.
The customers were well dressed.
Young blonde hostess was nice.
I got kind of annoyed every time the front door to the place opened, a strong odor of cigarettes came in from the smokers outside.
Not much they can do but I hate the smell of smoke while I am eating.

Still delicious!
I have no clue why we don't dine here more often...
I live like 5 minutes away!
We had: *Lobster Ravioli (special of the night) - TO DIE FOR!
Very generous on the lobster.
*Cheese Ravioli - A classic done right!
You can tell the pasta is homemade.
*Crab Cocktail - AWESOME!
Fresh crab and the cocktail sauce = money!
*Tomato Basil Soup - Another classic done perfecto.
Had a couple of great glasses of Chianti to accompany dinner.
We had to box up a few things and they wrapped everything very nicely- including the soup!
The leftovers were SO GOOD!
I wish I had room for dessert- hopefully next time.
Service is great and everyone is very nice and attentive.
What a great local place and they take reservations!

This is a nice restaurant.
Went there Friday night.
The place was quite busy and it has a nice atmosphere.
Our server Nick was on top of things for the most part.
My only criticism has to do with how our entrees were served.
Each person in our four person group received their meal separately.
Weird.
I mean how hard is it to serve four people at the same time.
The food was very good, from pasta, chicken and veal.
The tilapia picatta was not very tasty.
Fresh fish but way too many capers.
The prices were too high, nearly Strip prices.
$45 for a veal chop is overpriced in my opinion.
Our check was $165 for one appetizer, four entrees, 4 beers, and two sodas.
Just too expensive for a restaurant in a strip mall.
For that reason we will likely skip a second visit.

My son and I went for an early dinner.
There were two others at 5pm.
I had high hopes after reading the good reviews but was disappointed.
My son ordered a regular Bolognese with spaghetti noodles.
His meal was good, nothing to rave about but decent.
I ordered the seafood past at $29.
It was a good portion that would fill you up.
There were two large shrimp and 4 clams and 4 mussels in their shell.
Then the filler was tiny squid.
All of this looked great, but I've never had such a poor dish.
Either they forgot the wine in the white sauce or there was too much water in the pasta...
I don't know which but the white sauce tasted like buttered water and nothing else.
It was quite disappointing.
And I was starving so just about everything should have tasted good, but after this dish, I have decided that I'm not trying it again.
My son's spaghetti plus mine was $50 without gratuity... Sure the waiter agreed to make me something else, but if you have the most expensive pasta dish delivered without any taste... why would I want to try anything else...Not going back.

I was very excited to try this place because it is right around the corner from me.
We decided to have lunch with some friends there and I was very disappointed with the service and the food.
We got seated by a guy and ordered our drinks with him but never saw him again or our drinks.
We then had a lady come over the table and ask what kind of water we wanted.
She seemed very unhappy and did not want to have to deal with people, it didn't help that she had dark glasses on.
Three of us ordered sandwiches, I ordered the chicken parm sandwich and the bread was very burnt and that is all I could taste was burnt bread.
Everyone else complained about the same taste and that their sandwich was very bland.
The only time she was attentive was after we paid the bill, almost like she was trying to get us to leave.
There was no one waiting and there were maybe 4 other tables besides us.
I will not be returning to this place and I will not be recommending it to anybody.

After a massage at Massage Nirvana we went here for dinner.
Very comfortable atmosphere, yet VERY nice; upscale seating but comfortable attire is a-ok (as we were in cute sweats and tanks).
The front house, busser, waiter- EVERYONE very kind and warm.
We were never rushed, which we are used to so it was shocking when our waiter asked if we were ready to fire our entree- awesome!
The food is amazing, I've worked at high-end Italian and this place is just as good if not better.
Very generous with the bread, we got the Key Lime Pie Martini(and a Peach Martini, she preferred the K.L.P) and Very Berry Martini- both were delicious.
House salads as appetizers, I got the balsamic which I found perfectly balanced.
And I got the pasta with red sauce and sausage, my friend went a lil healthier and got pasta and broccoli, though her plate was good, well, mine was heaven.
Even though we were stuffed (large portions) we got Cheesecake and the Tiramisu.
Well, the tiramisu was light and fluffy- tasted like they had just made it, and the cheesecake was rich and yummy.
The plates average 15-18 (nicer meals like Veal is higher 25-30), price is fitting for the food, the bill was about $120- worth it!
This is the place for my pasta (or seafood) kick when I am visiting Las Vegas.

Awesome.
We had a crab cocktail appetizer.
Loaded with crab.
There were two specials this night which we tried; a veal chop which was heavenly and seafood risotto with generous amounts of seafood.
They also have an excellent wine list.
While it is advertised as and serves Italian dishes, they also have fresh fish entrees.

I had a hard time choosing the rating for this place since I had mixed feelings about the food and service.
When I walked in there was no hostess at the stand.
A waiter came to greet us and said someone would be right over.
No one really came?
Finally got seated after a while.
The people behind me were irked that no one came to greet them and asked how long I was waiting.
Appetizers: eh sauteed calamari- thought I'd give this a try since you don't really see sauteed calamari on menus.
comes in red or white wine sauce.
The calamari was OKAY.
wasn't great, wasn't bad, just slightly chewy.
We ordered white wine and i SWEAR the waiter said he was going to bring a side of the red wine sauce for us to try but no such sauce appeared.
The sauce was so plain and so watery.
It literally tasted like they made this great sauce and poured water on it to spread it a little further.
When I ordered this dish I imagined I would be able to dip the bread in the sauce.
would NOT recommend caprese- this was good.
no place can really mess this up.
they also give you oil and balsamic vinegar on the side to top it.
Entrees: ordered all the specials seafood risotto- i enjoyed this dish it was filled with seafood.
It came with about 4 large shrimp, lots of calamari, scallops, mussels, and peas.
after eating the sauteed calamari i was calamaried out.
this had a lot of calamari in it.
there were also a fair amount of peas, if you don't like peas better ask for it to be left out.
it was perfect!
came piping hot, not TOO creamy and just the right amount of flavor.
would order again!
eating my leftovers for breakfast!!
lobster ravioli- after all the hype via yelp we had to try the lobster ravioli and boy did it deliver.
the ravioli was delish!!
it was also sprinkled on top with more lobster chunks.
the noodle was made with spinach or mushroom or something (the ravioli was striped) and a little bigger than the traditional square, more like a rectangle.
ate everything and then wiped up the sauce with bread.
SLURP.
bone-in veal- i didn't try this but my friend ordered it.
He said it was alright and didn't seem impressed.
he enjoyed the other two dishes more.
Dessert:  Cannoli- I loveeeeeeee cannolis and I haven't found a GREAT cannoli to rave about in Vegas.
this order came with two, but not that great.
would not order again Sauteed banana gelatto- this was... just banana gelatto.
good but i was expecting more from the name.
maybe like chunks of banana or something in it?
Overall they did a a good job with the entrees.
The desserts and the appetizers are ones to forget.
The waiter took our bread basket away to get more and then we had to ask for it 3 times to get it back.
We ordered a specific year for our wine and was brought the incorrect one.
Also the clientele there that evening were dressed very.... minimal... Not something you'd expect at an off the strip restaurant.
Something to consider for those with children.
I'm coming back to this place but going straight to the entrees on the specials!

Impressions.
"I'm gonna make him an offer he won't refuse.
"  Ok, joking aside, I truly believe first impressions are important but don't tell the whole story.
This is one of those times.
So here we go.
Walking up to this small strip mall storefront, I was wondering what I was getting myself into but my daughter insisted we eat close to Golden Spoon Yogurt so we could get a good desert.
So in we go.
The dark room reminded me of the Godfather so I started to get the Italian feel.
"Cenare"  Being from back east, the first lesson I learned about Italian Restaurants is you can tell a good restaurant by the bread they serve you.
I will admit the west coast doesn't always follow that rule, maybe because few restaurants have the old brick ovens but I was disappointed in the bread served.
You could get better bread at Vons.
My next impression, was the menu.
Everything looked good and the standard Italian fare (veal parmagiani, Pastas, etc) was broadened by seafood dishes.
The prices were much higher than I would expect from a strip mall store much to my disappointment.
(see below for part of the reason why).
I was here with my daughter and she ordered the Kids portion of the Penne Marinara.
I opted for spaghetti and meatballs as I didn't want to break the wallet and was craving comfort foods.
The specials sounded great (Lobster Ravioli and Seafood Risotto) but I went with the standard.
After all, if an Italian place can't do Spaghetti and Meatballs right, well the rest of the dishes might as well be frozen dinners.
The penne was good, The kids sauce not too spicy but, and here is the pricing issue, the kids portion was enough for an adult.
The adult portion was huge.
The meatballs themselves looked like the Bull won.
(Old off color joke, you can send me a private message if you don't get it.
) Lets just say they were huge.
They were surprisingly light and flavorful if on the spicy side.
When I make meatballs or eat at some other restaurants, the meatballs are often too dense.
These were perfect.
The Spaghetti on the other hand tasted a little overcooked and the sauce, although flavored with spiciness, lacked the garlic I hoped for and was a bit watery.
I usually finish my food but I was able to bring home one of the two meatballs and half the spaghetti and my daughter brought home more than 1/2 her meal.
The service here made this place stand out.
Our waiter was polite, informative about the specials, and attentive.
My drink never sat for more than a minute without him offering to refill the Coke or my daughter's lemonade.
In fact, the busboy and another waiter also took time to make sure I was fine on the drinks.
I drink fast so that was a plus.
They brought us butter for the bread on request (otherwise you just get olive oil and balsamic).
They also told us about deserts without trying to push them on us.
Overall, except for the price and the dichotomy between spicy and watery sauce, I ended up impressed.
If I could change one thing, I would make the portions 1/2 the size and cut the price by $5.00 but hey, they must do ok to maintain those prices in such a low traffic area.
Buon Appetito

The only thing good about the visit was the food.
The service was horrible, and they made us feel as if we didn't belong in their restaurant.
I would not return to this restaurant, and even though the food was good, it was overpriced  for the quality, and definitely overpriced for the lack of quality service.

I loved my meal here at Mastioni's.
I did a seafood pasta with a vodka style sauce and came with my mom who was in town from FL.
She did a more garlic, oil type seafood pasta.
Both were awesome.
Dress nice, place is nice but doesn't break the bank.

I enjoy giving local businesses a try, especially since big restaurant chains can get a bit boring.
Upon arriving, I was impressed with inside décor.
Not bad for a strip mall restaurant.
As for the service, I was not that impressed.
Let me start with the bread, it's plain and not fresh.
I've had better from Smith's grocery.
The seafood appetizer was delicious, something I would order again.
It was the Combo Oreganate, a combination of shrimp, scallop, clams and mussels stuffed with bread crumbs and baked on top of butter and garlic.
That sauce was the only thing that the bread was useful for in dipping with.
The waiter was not very attentive, and when I ordered the entrée and appetizer, he was quick to correct my pronunciation.
Yeah, I get it; I can't pronounce your fricken menu.
Thanks for the lesson.
My husband ordered a steak and asked for it to be medium-well.
I tell my husband to always just order medium, but he's just not a fan of getting red meat.
Upon getting our entrees, we both notice how burnt his steak looks.
I order chicken, so everything seems to be in order.
The waiter drops off our entrees and quickly disappears.
He never once came back to check if everything was ok.
I'm assuming he knew how overcooked the meat was and did not want to address it.
I understand that medium-well means a small amount of pink in the center, not charred and dry.
We had to track down another waiter to send it back.
So the waiter sends it back to the waiter that was helping us and instead of checking the meat, he quickly runs over and says, "What, medium-well is too medium-well for you?
"  My husband was polite to respond, but I wanted to deck the guy for his attitude.
I'm not sure if he's an owner, a manager, or lead waiter, but his attitude was crappy.
He goes back and checks things out.
A few minutes later he comes back to apologize.
Gee, you think if you checked the meat out before you made such a comment it would have made the experience less dreadful?
We did not reorder the steak.
The bill was paid and we left with a bad experience.
I would give this place another shot if it wasn't for the comment the waiter made.
I was offended and have a feeling there was a pre-judgment made by the waiter based on our casual attire, but either way, it was uncalled for.
There was definitely a lack of service to correct the situation or for forgiveness to come back and try the restaurant again.

Pretty good!
This is one of those neighborhood restaurants where the servers know practically every customer.
So it did feel like we were crashing a party.
Still, the baked clams (oreganate, whatever that means) and eggplant parmigiana were both amazing and the service was good.
And they serve red wine at the correct temperature (slightly chilled).
Amazing!
Interesting dessert options that I did not get to try.
Roasted banana gelato, for example, sounded yummy but we were just too full from the fried food.
Full liquor license but I didn't see an actual bar.
There is a bar that overlooks the kitchen but I couldn't figure out where the alcohol was coming from.
The hostess looked like she wanted to kill me in my sleep, though.
That was a little awkward.
Still, a good neighborhood joint.

Tried to give this place a second chance and even though the service was better the meatballs failed on this experience.
The wine was great, the garlic bread yummy, but some how they were able to screw up a meatball.
When the plate came to the table the meatballs looked hot and delicious but then I took a bite and wanted to spit it right out.
It tasted like cardboard filler and rotten spices, maybe the meatballs had past its prime and someone forgot to check the expiration date...whatever it was it left a bad taste in my mouth.
My mom also ordered the spaghetti and meatballs...she won't be back again.
We tried telling someone about the meatballs but it fell on deaf ears.
So I will NOT be recommending this place to anybody or giving this place a chance again.

Went here for the first time on Monday.
Food was phenominal - had the grilled Sea Bass that was excellent.
Well prepared with a touch of olive oil.
Dominic was our waiter/server who went well beyond the call and provided excellent explanations, service, and brillant customer attention.
Well done - we shall return!

The food was excellent.
The prices were good.
Highly recommend it.

I LOVE this restaurant!!!
The absolute best Italian restaurant I have been to in Las Vegas!!!
Great food, Great staff, Great atmosphere.
You can see them cooking the food at the bar...
I have seen people walk up and ask how things are cooked and the cooks are really nice and answer the questions.
If you go, you need towalk to the bathroom and seethe history of the Chef.
He is really great!!
I wish I could find something that I do not like about this restaurant but there is nothing, well actually I wish it was closer to my house but I do not mind the drive for such great food!!

Returned the other night and enjoyed a good martini, then a big red to accompany one of the House Specials: the N.Y. Steak Pizziola* that was better than ever.
True, I was hungrier than ever, but really, the NY Strip steak this time was of better quality.
Sitting happily amongst the vegetables atop the linguini, this was a fine way to usher in the Thanksgiving week of hearty portions of solid ingredients.
Way too full to consider the canoli nor the tiramisu this time around.
*16 oz.
grilled black angus sauteed with peppers, onions and mushrooms in a tomato sauce served over linguini.

my friend lin was visiting me from albany,ny and after picking her up at the airport, we stopped by about 6 o'clock, before going to my home close by.
the food was good, chicken marcella and chicken parmizon.
we waited and waited and waited for bread and water, however, we were met by too many attendants (3-4), each watching and switching plates of butter, glasses,etc.
the main server came by too many times, and i was ANNOYED by him!
was he wanting a higher tip?
the prices were too, too high for this kind of strip-mall place.
2 dinners were over $40, plus a small tip.
will not go back for this kind of treatment.
however, my friend (who was starving, made a pig of herself, by slopping the hard bread lots of times in the chicken sauce.
hope no one saw her (she was in the middle of a divorce.

My friend is Siclian and for years I could only eat italian food when I went to his place cause of how good and authentic.
Right down to the homemade vodka sauce.
The egg plant parm here is amazing.
With the proper distribution of cheese through out the whole meal.
This is my new spot, best italian in Vegas off the strip guarantee!

My family used to frequent Mastrioni's when it was at the previous location.
Unfortunately, we are no longer in Vegas as often as we'd like to be.
Fortunately, the food hasn't changed.
Sooooo delicious...
I had the Veal Piccata, which was very tender and made perfectly sautéed with lemon and capers and served with a side of penne marinara.
I also had a taste of the Cesar Salad with Anchovies.
Yummy!!!
Our waiter was great and very attentive.
Will definitely head back the next time we're in Vegas.

We came for Valentines's Day dinner and were so glad we did.
It's easy to see what all the hullabaloo is about.
This place is gooood.
We made reservations and arrived 10 minutes early.
It being Valentines's Day we knew that it would probably be a little bit crazy getting seated.
There was a little confusion and we waited a bit longer than expected but they were very quick to remedy the situation.
The service here is excellent.
Our server was Vince and he was awesome.
Super attentive and polite, couldn't ask for better :)   I ordered the chilean sea bass, bruchetta style...holy cow, it was amazing!
Husband ordered the surge and turf, which he said was a little more charred than he would have preferred, but it was a ridiculously busy night for them, so we understand.
When we brought it to their attention, again they were quick to remedy with a fabulous dessert.
We picked the cheesecake (really really good), but since we devoured dinner there's wasn't anymore room and we took it home.
Very nice dinner for just the two of us or with a group of friends.
High ceilings, big open room, small bar that you can order food at in the back.
A little pricey, but worth it.
We'll definitely be back soon.

It's located in a strip mall and doesn't look like much, but the interior is sleek, modern, and beautiful.
On the Sunday night we were there it was surprisingly busy with most of their tables full by 7pm.
I got one of their specials, a seafood risotto ($30) full of squid, scallops, mussels, and shrimp.
There was rarely a bite without seafood.
Unfortunately, it was bland and forced me to do what I rarely do in any restaurant -- reach for the salt shaker.
I had to use it several times to liven up the dish.
The portion size was huge, but it also lacked the creaminess of a great risotto.
If you're a fan of chicken parmagiana, the one here is bound to please with a zesty and full bodied sauce.
I can't remember having a better version anywhere in town.
It was accompanied by a huge side of spaghetti, which made for some great left overs the next day.
They do have a kid's menu with a few pasta options.
3.5 Stars

My wife and I were hooked after the first visit.
The decor is very relaxing, the aroma embraces you as soon as you open the door.
We were bowled over by the Clams Oregenata...first that a place in Vegas had them, and second that they were so delicious!!
The calamari was terrific as well.
The only reason that I gave it four stars instead of five was I felt the drinks were a bit over priced...$10 or $11 for a well vodka and soda was out of line, otherwise a great dining experience.

Let me start off by saying this place has absolutely delicious food.
However, I cannot give it the full 5 star rating due to one time where my food was a giant ball of oil.
The prices are extremely reasonable!
Great place to bring a date or the entire family.
Quiet, relaxing atmosphere that could either be used for romance or just having a moment of cooling down from the desert heat.

The Rigatoni Bolognese is amazing!
It's my favorite dish is in this place.
(Meant to post in 2012.
Way delayed post.

A good go-to restaurant.
It is definitely on my list of favorites.

Im so glad  I read the reviews on here and this could be hands down one of the best Italian restaurants on the West Coast.
Ive eaten in North Beach, Italy, New York etc..
But this little gem in Vegas is no joke.

I thought I wrote this when I posted my pics from Mother's Day.
Ooops, I forgot but here goes.
Everything was amazing!
Being a server myself and knowing that Mother's day is one of the busiest days of the year, everything was on point!
The Veal Marsala was tender and flavorful!
We had a shrimp scampi appetizer that could've been a meal!
My Mom ordered their version of Spumoni and it was so good she had to have a second one!
We've been there several times and will be back soon!

This is not just italian.
Their seafood is superb.
I had the salmon picatta (heavenly), and my wife had their grilled halibut.
My wife's quote, "It was the best halibut I've ever had.
"  You cannot do better.

One of the top spots in town.
Excellent good, great ambiance, and service that is second to none.
A superb staff.
They never fail to impress me.

It is obvious why this restaurant is so highly rated and popular with the locals.........quality and excellent recipes.
The grilled veggie plate was perfect, the veggies were all still warm, and the garlic marinated peppers were so good.
The seafood salad was traditional and incredibly well cooked....meaning the squid/prawns/scallops were barely cooked thru so they stayed tender.
Dressing was perfect balance of evoo and lemon with lots of micro-greens/celery/capers.
It was a very large order enough for 4 to share as an appetizer.
The spaghetti bolognese was excellent, as good as I have had in a long time.
I am an Italian chef and make this dish several ways and generally don't think much of most bolognese sauce in most restaurants because it is just not that great....often good but not great.
This sauce neared perfection.
What was amazing was they split it for us and came out with two large pasta bowls filled.
The order was huge, great value for sure.
Our waiter Vince was excellent, so friendly and enjoyed talking cucina italiano well after they closed.
Kudos to such good service.
We will be back.

Been looking for good  spaghetti for quite a while.
This is the best so far here in LV.

great food and service always!!

Love love this place.
Best Italian  food in Vegas !
We visit Vegas every 5 to 6 weeks & always make it a point to eat here.
Great food, service, & owner very personable makes you feel welcome every time.
Highly recommend it

We celebrated a 50th wedding anniversary at the restaurant.
The service alone is worthy of 5 stars.
We were treated beautifully.
We did not want for anything.
The antipasti and grilled vegetable platter were delicious.
Generous portions.
I had the chicken Parmesan which I thought was done to perfection.
I love when it has little crispy edges.
My husband loved his cioppiino, he only wished it came with linguine.
Two of the others had osso buco which was gigantic, I had a bite and it was very tasty.
The veal cooked perfectly and tender.
I loved the decor, dark woods, low lighting, tables not too close together.
They made the evening a great celebration for my aunt and uncle.

It's alright.
Don't need to spend money here.
Overall 8/10 atmosphere 8/10 food 8/10 service 8/10  Food is ok not good not bad~

My favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas!
Love the Clams Oreganata!
The service is always great!

This is simply one of the best Italian restaurants in Las Vegas.
All of the food is delicious the service is great and you have to try the shrimp cocktail appetizer.
Three of the six of us always order the eggplant Parmesan because it is the best anybody has ever eaten.
All of the veal dishes are delicious the veal piccata and the veal Parmesan especially.
The tiramisu is made there locally by one of the waiters and the service is outstanding.
How anybody could give this place one or two stars is beyond understanding.
They would have to own a competing Italian restaurant to give this place a rating like that.

We experienced good food here before but tonight was not good!
The bread was rubbery feeling and boiling hot.....like it just was reheated in the microwave!
Then, I get chicken marsala and it was a watered down, buttery sauce, no idea where the marsala was!
I hope this was just an off night and the quality will come back up.

Kept hearing about this place on espn radio.
The guys keep raving about the food there and thought i would take my fiancee here.
I ordered the scampi shrimp and the seafood linguini (it advertises as fresh seafood).
Biggest mistake ever.
The seafood was not fresh at all.
All of it had that fishy taste that old seafood gets.
The shrimp was cooked well but it tasted horrible.
The calamari and mussels were bad too really fishy taste.
I just went there tonight and will not be going back.
I get that its vegas and there is no ocean here but this was laughable.
The total check was 150 after tip @ 20 percent.
The service was good and fast but goodness was the food awful.
I cannot recommend this place.
I have had better food at olive garden.

On a mission to find monster meatballs and pasta to satisfy my italian craving, i eagerly scouted the assistance of old faithful YELP.
After a few minutes i narrowed it down to a few locations (primarily targeted by distance) and proceeded to make a final call.
The deciding factor?
2 things.
A picture submitted by a fellow yelper showcasing a beautifully crafted, softball-sized meatball & a picture depicting the interior of the restaurant, Mastrioni's.
And boy am I grateful for YELP and it's users' pics.
I admit i wasnt sure what to expect.
Mostly positive reviews, a picture that resembled a half way decent restaurant, and a close proximity to home drove my willingness to explore new found culinary options.
Mastrioni's did NOT disappoint.
From the moment i walked in, i was impressed.
The decor, the lighting, the ambiance, the welcoming faces.
It all screamed authentic italian dining experience.
Food was I-N-C-R-E-D-I-B-L-E.
I love me some italian food.
Im not a professional food critic.
But i do love food.
And i do love to eat a delicious meal.
And i will now be a repeating regular here at Mastrioni's whenever im in town.
The Chicken Parmigiana is HIGHLY recommended.
It's my favorite italian dish and this restaurant does a fabulous job on a staple meal.
The meatballs, oh the meatballs.
A mountain of meat easily the size of a softball is moist, flavorful and cooked to perfection.
I ordered 2 on the side and didnt even make it to the 2nd.
The portions are pretty big so bring ur stretchy pants and appetite.
You're gonna need em....both.
Service 9 Food 9 Atmosphere 9 Overall 9  Recommended: HIGHLY

I just recently heard of this restaurant and have only been there twice, but both times were amazing!
Make sure to call ahead because the restaurant is not very big so it fills up fast!
First time I got the eggplant Parmesan, which was amazing but huge!
Which helped my decision to share the chicken Parmesan the second trip!
Definitely recommend sharing both of those dishes and if you tell them you're sharing they'll even split it for you ahead of time.
For appetizer we had the crab cakes which were delicious.
Crab cakes are my favorite appetizer so I order them at almost every restaurant I go to that offers them and these are definitely on the top of my list.
I also had a bite of my friend's halibut which was also very delicious and the portion was more reasonable for one person.
And last, but definitely not least... the dessert!
I am not a big tiramisu person, not that I dislike it's just not my first pick on a dessert menu, but we were told it was a must try and it definitely was!
By far the best tiramisu I've ever had!
I love that the kitchen is in place of the bar, I think it makes the entire experience more personable when the chefs and the owner introduce themselves and you get to watch them prepare your dinner.
It is the perfect place for a date night as it is classy but not one of those overly fancy places that make people like me feel awkward and out of place!
LOL!
Overall, the service, food and atmosphere are all perfect!

Best up-scale Italian steak and seafood on the West Side.
Been there three times, never disappointed.
A bit unassuming from the outside.
....but so was Nora's.

One of my favorite off the strip hotspots.
I actually prefer this over the restaurants on the strip.
If I'm ever craving Italian food this is the only place I'll go besides my family's own delicious homemade Italian.. Chicken parmigiana is a MUST try.
Pete and his staff never fail to please me and my guests.
I wish I could remember my favorite servers name...
He's Turkish and has been working there for years, one of the best servers I've ever had.
I will remain a happy, returning customer because the food remains amazing and the service is excellent.

Solid Italian food spot in Summerlin :)  We started off with the Complimentary Bread with Olive Olive and Vinegar.
Good!
Pasta E Fagioli ($5 Cup): Cannellini Beans & Pasta.
This was good overall.
Heavy on the beans...it was not finished.
I would skip this personally.
Grilled Chicken Sandwich ($12): Chicken Breast, Roasted Peppers, Baby Greens & Goat Cheese.
Pretty good!
Good flavored chicken with lots of greens/veggies.
Fair portion size as well.
Veal Parmagiana ($16): Baked Breaded Veal Scaloppini, Marinara & Mozzarella.
This was good, with thinly sliced veal and lots of flavor in the baked cheese.
Recommended!
Penne Marinara was my side choice with entree.
The pasta was under-cooked, and the sauce was a bit on the sweet side.
I'd choose the steamed veggies or sauteed spinach next time.
Skip this too.
Give em a try if you are in the area.
I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it again though.

In Vegas for a trade show and a "foody" friend who lives here suggested we go "off the strip".
Coming from Miami where there are many great restaurants, Mastrioni's did not disappoint.
Dominic our waiter, straight out of Brooklyn, is the brother of the chef/owner.
He "knew his stuff".
I had 2 appetizers, both were specials and my dinner companion had an incredible seafood salad to start and linguine with clams for his entree.
Wine menu had well priced selections.
Espresso fudge pie for dessert completed a most delicious meal.

I'm not sure if I'm lucky or if it's super dangerous, but Mastrioni's is a few blocks from our new house and after seeing it on Yelp we've been anxious to try it out.
Decided to go on a whim for my Mother's birthday after she asked for "hole in the wall" Italian.
Well, there's nothing "hole in the wall" about Mastrioni's... it's a classy little joint in a non-descript strip mall on Hualapai.
We have a two year old, which is the main reason we haven't been here sooner since it's not really a "kid-friendly" spot,  but I figured a Wednesday night would probably be slow and safe.
Not so much.
By 7 o'clock this place was jam packed!
Thankfully, the little criminal behaved wonderfully and we got to enjoy one of the better Italian dinners we've had in a long time.
We had calamari and crab cakes for appetizers, calamari was good but the crab cakes were excellent.
Mom had the bone in rib-eye, hubs had the seafood linguine and I had linguine and clams.
This is your tried and true Italian, better than probably any other I've had in Vegas and would rival any of my favorite spots in California.
I'd say it's more like $$$, but they are very generous with the portions/seafood.
Dessert was excellent as well and service was on point.
We will definitely be back and will probably become our new date night spot.

Had a great chicken piccata and garlic bread.
I have been eating at this restaurant even back when they were in spring valley.
Good food

Looking for Fresh Seafood and Excellent Italian Cuisine off the strip go to Mastrioni's.
The restaurants décor features wall art from local artists that enhances the dining experience.
Starting from the welcome greeting we felt comfortable.
The staff works together as a team.
Someone was always available to refill the water glasses and to remove empty plates.
Our waiter was knowledgeable of the menu and provided suggestions from the nightly specials.
We started off with the Complimentary Bread with Olive Oil and Balsamic Vinegar.
A special salad was the burrata cheese with heirloom tomatoes drizzled with balsamic.
Chicken and several types of fish can be ordered a variety of ways.
We chose the following: Chicken Breast sautéed with lemon and capers and served with a side of penne marinara.
Also Fresh Halibut sautéed with lemon and capers served with zucchini vegetables.
For desert it's homemade Tiramisu.
The entire dining experience was excellent.
Great job Pete!

After driving by Mastrioni's several dozen times, we decided to try it after reading the other reviews on Yelp.
We went on a Sunday night and the exterior of the restaurant is rather plain and unassuming but, once inside the place is very modern and nice.
We started with crab cakes and fried calamari.
The crab cakes were better.
The chicken piccata and the chicken marsala were excellent.
Service was very attentive and personable.
The noise level was just right, not too loud or too subdued.
Since it was our first visit we gave it four stars but we'll make this a regular neighborhood place to dine and see if the other items on the menu will bring up our score.

Second time here and it keeps getting better!
First, the service is outstanding, our needs were anticipated at every point.
The salads were fresh with just the right amount of dressing.
The linguini and clams had the perfect amount of sauce and spice, pasta was to the tooth.
Highly recommend and a must every time we visit Vegas.

Huge fan of the food & the wait staff.
The management needs a lesson in customer service.
Service was awesome...A+.
someone was always available to clear away, refresh drinks, serve, offer condiments or check on us in general.
The food was also spectacular.
Didn't care for the desserts, so only an A.
We split a salad (they kindly plated it in the back so no embarrassing scooping of food at the table!
) and there wasn't a green morsel left.
My husband loves spaghetti & meatballs and theirs didn't disappoint!
I had the scallops & they were delish!!
Like I said, desserts didn't wow either of us.
I wanted to briefly speak to the manager on duty about hosting a dinner for 45 people every quarter, but she was too busy to speak to me (no lie...that's what they told me) & the waiter brought some copies of menus with a handwritten name of who to call.
My husband said he'd like for the waiter to mention to the manager that we'd really like to speak to her very briefly...less than 2 minutes (to compliment the staff...we decided not to hassle her w/ the large party conversation).
The waiter came back & told us she said it could be a while...like 20-25 minutes or more.
I was speechless.
Granted they were busy, but what manager on duty doesn't have time for a customer....especially one wanting to give more business &/or compliment the wait staff.
Left w/ a very icky feeling & decided it was not a place I would entrust to do my quarterly employee awards dinner.
Their loss...there are tons of restaurants in LVNV w/ good food, good wait staff AND good managers!

I tried this place in a different manner, I went there for dinner the place was packed!
Definitely would recommend a reservation on the weekend,  it was really cute and datey.
Perfect place for a small cute romantical dinner for two.
I did not really order off the menu, so I cant speak much about how large their variety was.
We asked to be sent things out to try from the chefs recommendations.
Some of the dishes I never thought I would like  I was really surprised with and loved!!
Most of the things we tried appetizer wise have a little twist in them which makes me a happy camper!
I love the ambiance and the food, for sure I wana go back and order an Item or two from the menu and compare them to my normal liking!
But IF I can give a recommendation I would definitely recommend the tiramisu cake that is home made!!!
Its one of the best I have ever had, LOVED it!

Great food, good service, comfortable atmosphere.
An excellent experience on a Tuesday night in Las Vegas.

WOW... a little disappointing... We (3) went for dinner on Wed., the 26th;  the "hostess" didn't know what the heck to do with us...  the service was fair, and the food... ...We ordered 4 entrées... the great and famous Lobster Ravioli in cream sauce was salty... the sauce, that is...
I wondered if it was bisque out of a can...  Did I guess right, Mastrioni?
The meatballs were flavorless...  too much breadcrumbs in them...  and the sauce on them was almost just canned tomatoes.
Not horrible,  ...most folks would like the food, I guess, 'cause they do a lot of business...  it is certainly a cut above most...  Louise R.

The ambience was nice.
The service was good, better than last time.
But the food was not acceptable this time so we won't be going back.
We took our son who is a chef in another city.
He said the saute cook was flaring up the fire under the saute pan for dramatic effect and probably ruining the food.
Sure enough my Alaskan salmon was served very overcooked and as soft as Atlantic salmon.
My husband's halibut was served almost raw.
He should have sent it back but didn't.
It's a shame, we really wanted to like this place.

First time visit.
Great atmosphere, a little pricey but great food and service.

wonderful service, family owned charm.
food is authentic Italian, just like my family's cooking!
my home away from home!

Went to Mastrioni's for Mother's Day dinner.
As usual the food was amazing.
I ordered the Pasta Fagioli so much flavor and my favorite the Salmon w/ capers.
The food is always great, the service is fantastic one of my favorite restaurants.

The food here is very good.
I would give them 5 stars but the atmosphere is a little stale.
The pasta fagioli soup is amazing.
Their fish selection is impressive too.
Service was above averagel reasonably priced wine selection.

Great Service and great food.
Priced accordingly.
We've never had a bad meal here.
My wife had the seafood linguine and she is picky when I comes to pasta so it passed her test.
The bouillabaisse is awesome as well with plenty of spice.
The cream puffs are quite tasty too.

Never have had a bad experience here.
I enjoy sitting at the bar with my friends and chatting it up with the staff.
Everyone is super friendly and they remember your name!
Pete the owner... Sweet and kind.
He gets excited to share his food and at times gives out chef samples.
Nothing like a chain...smaller place and cozy.
I love how all the server staff is all males!
Love love love that!
The food is full of flavor...
I recommend shrimp scampi and lobster ravioli.
Both amazing!
Appetizer sizes enough for a meal.
Pretty good wine selection and they always serve bread.
Give this place a try...you'll be back for more!

The best Italian food I have had in years!
Their meatballs were delicious, chicken parmesan and osso bucco were also excellent.
The prices are very fair for the quality they provide.
I will be returning to this establishment in the very near future.

Nice, neighborhood spot.
Decided to go with a friend for an early dinner on a weekday.
Food was just fine and atmosphere nice.
We got a bit of a shock when the bill came.
Our dinner was 2 bowls of linguini with clam sauce, one side of spinach, one glass of wine and one club sold.
The bill was almost $80!
The food and service were fine but I think they have gone a bit overboard on their pricing.
Not a value at all.

Our first visit and definitely not the last.
Very friendly staff and our server, Dane, was excellent.... friendly, attentive and professional.
We had the baked ravioli and spaghetti and meatballs.
Both meals were delicious with generous portions.
The meatballs were some of the best I have ever tried.
Dane gave further explanation on a couple of the wines we were looking at and suggested one that we really enjoyed.
Nice selection of wines in varied price ranges.
We thought the menu was a bit pricey, but the ambiance and service, as well as the quality of our meal justified this.
We will be back, and bring our friends next time.

Love the lasagna when it is available ...
Truly world class!!!
!and the best meatballs on earth.
The servers are great... Pete the owner is usually around and gives everyone some personal time and attention.
Nice, Family run restaurant... We love this place!!!
Try the specials... You will love every dish!
No exceptions:) Every meal we have ever had at this restaurant has been delish!!!
Great vibe too.
A little bit family and a little bit elegant... Just right for us!

Very good Italian (for Las Vegas).
Service is pretty good.
Check-in desk could use some improvement as they always act like they are doing you a favor before seating you.
Sometimes have to wait 10-20 minutes even with reservation.
Recommend without hesitation.

