Oh dear.
American Auto, you should have treated me better.
I trusted them to replace my front windshield with the original glass that my Toyota came with.
You promised you did.
But when it got dinged on the freeway one week after I just bought the windshield from you, it was very questionable that you did in the first place.
How could I tell it was such poor quality glass that you installed for me?
Well for starters, all the hits from rocks that I had gotten on my original windshield were just small, circular-like marks.
But with yours, they just became long streaks that ran across the car like bad panty hose when they got dinged.
Twice.
I took the car back to this shop immediately after the marks and explained to them that although I understand it is not their fault that my car got dinged, but it is very unusual that the marks would looks like that, only poor quality glass would not be able to withstand the very small rock my car took.
I asked if there was anything they could possibly do for me, any sort of warranty, anything at all... since I gave them $200 just last week and this happened.
The body shop guy calls up the guy that installed my windshield.
I can totally hear both ends since his cell phone is so loud.
The installation guy basically said it's not their problem and too bad.
The body shop guy attempts to use some sort of material to make the crack look less intense.
I works for a  while, but after a week goes by, it doesn't look like he did anything at all.
They said that if I were to buy another windshield from them to replace this one, they would take 50% off.
I'm sorry, but as good as that 'bargain' sounds, it's not a good deal at all.
I'm out $200 for a crappy quality windshield that you put in my car in the first place, you should replace that for free, or better yet, refund me!
Maybe driving away in your BMW and thinking that I'm not going to review your rip-off business was a huge mistake.
So sad how businesses think they can get away with installing shitty products and not think that you would notice it.
Wow, never thought I would curse on yelp, but looks like it's a first now.

Just once, I would like to be charged at the end what is quoted in the beginning.
My alternator went out and I called American Auto Lube and Repair as they have positive reviews on another review site.
They quoted me $221 for the alternator.
The same alternator sells retail at O'Reilly for $180 but I figured they have to make their money and I am sure they do not have the buying power of O'Reilly.
Surprise, Surprise, I get the bill at the end and they charged me $272 for the alternator.
When we complained, the one who made the quote was no where to be found.
Businesses take note, being dishonest does not bring customers back.
I hope it is worth the overcharge to lose a customer for life.

IF YOU ARE EASY TO WRITE A CHECK TO MEINEKE, BAFFLED AND IN WONDERMENT BY THEIR SHOCK AND AWE TACTICS, THIS IS YOUR SOLUTION!
Go here.
Tell them Tami sent you, for a 0% discount.
:)  This owner, his wife, his a/c expert, Dan, and his German shepherd were all so good to me!
I am SO GRATEFUL.
I told him I take an immunosuppressant that makes me susseptable to respiratory infections and asthma attacks, that I just had pneumonia and was looking at not being able to drive for my car's a/c failing.
I only had $51.59 to spend on my a/c, I didn't know what was wrong with it.
Dan, one of the mechanics took the time to explain to me why it didn't work when my neighbor tried to do it with a can, he showed me actual readings of pressure, told me how an a/c system works, WOW!
On top of that, they made it fit in my budget, I could tell they really cared.
They were genuinely concerned for my health.
I was so surprised, GO THERE.
Never has a member of a team at a car repair shop worked so hard to help me not get suckered, in fact, I completely expected them to sucker me.
So impressed.
Very amazed.
Almost can't wait to go back!
lol     Thanks, guys!
And thanks, German Shepherd, for not gnawing off my meaty leg... Nice of you!
Here's to 44 flyers that I placed it 44 hands, guys!
Thanks again!
Tami Nelson

We used to go here regularly to have our elderly cars repaired.
I was skeptical when they replaced my battery when I knew the electrical problem was not my battery.
The third clutch repair in two years made me realize there was definite shenanigans going on.
This is a nightmare auto place.
The flags and patriotic stuff is "All American", but so is honesty,  they should give that a whirl.

Been coming here for years and Gerrard has always been good to me.
I've referred many people here and they were just as happy.
Gerrard is a honest mechanic and I will keep coming here.
I highly recomend.

They're pretty good.
I used them for everything from oil changes to maintenance on my '07 Ford Escape .
It ran good until the day I sold it.
I now have a '09 Lancer Ralliart and I only take it there for oil changes.
I started going here because of the convenience factor, my family uses them, and I got a discount on my oil changes.
I just picked up my car from there and while I like the fact that they have always been kind to me and I can just dump my car and then come back and pick it up whenever...it seems like their oil change price has creeped up :-(.
They were so busy too.
I tried calling because they said they would call when my car was ready and 3 hours had passed.
So, I tried calling them and got no answer, so we just drove down there because they normally have it done within 30-60 minutes.
Sure enough, my car was ready to go.
I went inside to pay and the phones were ringing like crazy.
She was doing everything she could to keep up .
That explains why I didn't get a phone call.
I like supporting family owned businesses and would like to keep coming here for oil changes, but I think I will have to re-negotiate my price next time considering I know a place that is a bit further, but throws in a free car wash with the oil change for the same price!
Like I said, I only take the Lancer there for oil changes.
This car is my baby now and I will only do any other kind of maintenance or repair at the dealership.

