Not being an expert on massages, I just wanted a niece relaxing body massage that fit into my schedule and was clean, professional, and had a licensed therapist.
Massage Haven fit the bill.
Not only where they able to get me in the same day, the whole experience from making the initial phone call to final payment was flawless.
When you walk in, you enter a quiet, relaxing environment that takes you away from the busy outside world.
My therapist was very good and I felt totally at ease and wouldn't hesitate to request for her again.
I'll be coming back next time I'm in town.

I have mixed feelings about this business model but overall I like it.
They have good staff that do a good job, and the prices are much better than every other place I've been to in the area (because I buy a package).
The facility is immaculate, inviting, relaxing, and parking is generous.
They've had to have one of those signs to educate consumers about customary tipping, and I can see why - because their massages are so affordable (if people are going off a %, then it's not as much of a tip).
I'm worried this place will do for massages what supercuts did for haircuts.
Yeah the lower prices are nice at first, but longterm I fear what will happen to the industry.

All through November...$25 1 hour massages

This place really surprised me.
So peaceful and relaxing inside, the private rooms were excellent, the beds even have a heater if you want that option, and my masseuse was great.
Seriously, Im surprised it can be this good for so little cost.
Will definitely be coming back.
The two downsides to my experience were 1) i waited half an hour for my 6oclock appointment, and 2) I was quoted $25 per person over the phone since we had a large party, but when we went to pay, they charged $30 per person.
Just a little irksome.

I'm only giving this place 3 stars and here is why.
When a therapist asks you about the pressure they are using and you tell them it's too hard and to please soften up, they need to do it and not continue on like they are massaging a tree trunk.
I asked my therapist to not use so much pressure 4 times and would not ease up.
Their prices are fine, the atmosphere is like that of any other decent massage place..........

My friend recommended that I give Massage Haven a try and was I glad I did.
The first time I went I was luckily scheduled with Danielle who not only helped relieve some lower back pain but was able to tell I was having headaches, even tough i did not mention it, and she took care of that too!
I went back a second time a few months later when the headaches started again and she took care of them again.
Really clean, very relaxing, GREAT deal!

This was more of a "meh" place but the atmosphere was soothing and it was about right for the price.
I bought a groupon and I kind of felt like I was treated as a "discount" customer.
The receptionists (very young set of girls on their cell phones) were sweet but had made an extra effort to tell the therapist that I was a "groupon customer".
I'm not sure why the distinction was needed...
The therapist wasn't personable and when we walked into the 8 foot by 8 foot room, he said "OK, face down, I'll be back in a minute".
There was no real... introduction...?
The massage itself wasn't bad but it has been the worst I've had.
The ambiance was nice until I realized I had the room right next to the front door and could hear outside conversations!
That combined with the "MINIMUM GRATUITY" sign at checkout... it came off as a little... poor mannered.
I'd consider going back for an inexpensive massage but for a legitimate pamper-me day?
No, thank you.

I want one in Charlotte, NC.
I was on my last day in Phoenix before heading back to the east coast.
Knowing that I had a full day of travel ahead of me and a kinked neck due to not sleeping in my bed, I had to find some relief somewhere.
This location is just north of Union Hills on 83rd Ave.
It's a short turn off Loop 101.
While the exterior is a basic strip shopping area, the interior is welcoming.
They have plenty of massage therapists and rooms.
It's gets packed, but it's because they offer great deals.
They were running a happy hour special Monday through Thursday for $35 for an hour massage.
Yes, please!
They make self-care affordable and something you can do for yourself on a regular basis.
I give it 5 stars because it's affordable and the therapist I had was excellent.
She also gave me tips on how to keep my muscles from tightening up too much.
While it's not the posh experience you'd find at the Biltmore or some 5-star boutique hotel, it's a place accessible to most everyone.
Pamper yourself regularly.

Always great service and price is perfect.
Very easy to schedule an appointment.

I love this place !
2nd time here and they haven't failed .Professional , clean and affordable.what I like about this place is that they know what they are doing and they are not chatty!Yes don't you hate it when you are there to relax but they just want to get personal!
Highly recommend this place !

I love this place.
I'm a monthly member and go every month.
All staff members that I've had a message by for the past year have been great, I've never felt uncomfortable at any moment and the $35 a month is great compared to other massage places in the area.
Any problems I've had have been fixed within 24 hours and the staff have always followed up with me.

Have been going there for several months for arthritis, neuropathy and help with knee replacement scar tissue.
Danielle is great and has made such a difference.
I joined and have a monthly membership, but actually go twice a month.

I can't believe I had not rated this place yet.
It is by far my favorite place to get massages in the valley.
Every experience has been amazing.
The atmosphere is very soothing, the price is good, and every massage has been outstanding.
I went there this past week for a pre-natal massage, which I had gotten once before from another company and found very uncomfortable, but I found this experience to be so relaxing, soothing, and invigorating.
Kudos to Cecelia for a terrific job!
Can't wait to go back!

Consistently great massages at a great price.
The membership is the way to go if you like to get at least one massage a month (who doesn't?
)  and the add-ons are very reasonable.

Try this place!
I thought it was important for you to know that I got to experience a therapeutic massage with Eddie today.
He was so good!
He was kind, checked the pressure levels often and was able to accommodate my special needs after my surgery.That was my 3rd and best massage I've ever had at Massage Haven.
Always clean with a true spa feel, relaxing music and friendly staff.
I recommend the $35 a month membership.
It's really just a credit for a massage next month.
That gets you a full hour by the way.
Keep up the good work!

