Friendliest service I have ever got at a tire store, including other Discount Tires.
I dropped off my vehicle with a nail in the tire, but not yet flat.
I got a call about an hour later saying my car was ready.
When I picked it up, there was no charge.
Tire plugged and everything good to go.
When I asked "no charge"?
I was told "just think of us next time you need new tires"..
Reminded me of how service was back in the good old days.

No matter where you shop, buying tires is always and expensive trip and a Plane Pain in the ARSE.
So why 5 Stars for Discount Tire?
Why I would love to tell you!
5 Stars because in my experience,  if you are not a complete Cheap Ass and  spend a little extra coin on their roadside warranty, they will ALWAYS replace or fix your tire No Questions Asked.
They have replaced tires for me without question on damn near evey car I have owned up until now.
Perhaps I have bad luck with tires but Discount has never let me down & thats about as good as it gets my friend!
Oh yea I almost forgot, prices are reasonable as well, BRAVO!

Great deals, great service.
The fellas are chill and don't overwhelm you with frivolous recommendations.
It turned out that I had purchased a tire there in the past and didn't even remember it, but they told me, and pulled the nail out that I had in there for free.
If you are getting anything done regarding your wheels or tires, Discount Tire is the place to go.

This place never ceases to amaze me.
In a day and age of warehouse stores, I assumed their prices would be higher.
After I bought my first set of tires there I will never buy them anywhere else.
And here's the kicker- their customer service is ALWAYS the best- very courteous and its not just the guys in the lobby.
One of the few companies that really gets it.

Nuff said.

Agree with the other reviews here ... this place is great.
I took my tire in the other day because it was registering low tire pressure on one of the tires ... found out I had a screw - I couldn't remember if that was the tire I bought from them or not, but they fixed it for free anyway!
Very good customer service.
I have gotten rims for my truck twice before from them and the price was right.
They are always willing to check your air, and assist you and really don't do a lot of hard selling and up-selling .. this alone makes me wanna keep coming back.

Very disappointed.
Good price on tires, but customer service was poor from the start and they put one of the tires on incorrectly and I had to replace my rotor because of it.
Not only that, but they were completely unhelpful (denied that they had created the problem) when I told them there was a problem.
I'll never go there again.
The discount on the tires wasn't worth the cost and hassle of brake work.

They were cheaper than Wal-Mart's tire center for the same tire.
We didn't check Cost-Co.
I would always call and compare prices for the exact tire you are looking to buy.

Worst Discount Tire ever!
Always been a loyal customer, if it wasnt for this one.
Broke my centercaps everytime they balanced and rotated my tires, said they ordered me new ones, 4 months later and nothing!
Acted like they didnt know what I was talking about.
Worst service ever!
Skip this one and move on to the one in Gilbert, much better!

I have a tire contract with these guys!
Great customer service!
I popped a tire on a piece of a palm tree on the road and they replaced it for a discounted price!

Chris here is fantastic.
I followed him from the Gilbert location, well worth the drive.
Honest, not pushy, and truly wants what is best for his customers.
If you are headed here to get tires, ask for Chris, you will not regret it.

I've been here twice:  The first was after finding my car had a very low tire one morning.
I coasted over to their shop, waited for them to open, and they helped me out right away...luckily I just had a nail, which they patched for me free of charge (awesome!
) and sent me on my way.
After that experience they had me as a customer.
My second visit was this past weekend.
I had to get new tires, since they don't last forever.
I called at noon on Saturday, and they told me it'd only take an hour to slap some new tires on.
I dropped it off to a very outgoing attendant, and went back an hour later, and it was ready.
All 3 employees I came across were very friendly, seemed like they enjoyed their job, and actually moved with a purpose, which was awesome to see.
I don't think my visit could've went any better...only if the tires had been free!

Recently bought a pre-owned 1998 BMW 740i .
and since I wasn't exactly sure when the previous owner bought tires or had them rotated .
I decided to have Discount Tire take a look.
Though I have been to this Discount Tire location before .
I have yet to buy any tires, since the need has not arisen .
have been rotating vehicle before they need tires.
With that said .
they looked at the tire and informaed me that they still have about 70% of the tread life yet .
they rotated the tires .
it still did not cost me a dime.
When I arrived I was told it would be about 90 minutes .
the wait was only 75 minutes .
which was just perfect .
because I had just finished reading the owner's manual.
Hopefully this time .
I will own this vehicle long enough to have to purchase a set of tire from them.

Discount tire is normally pretty good, they were very busy on this day so I waited in line for about 25 minutes.
It wasnt great but they didnt get my tires taken care of so I cant complain to much.

Had a flat in my 2012 Ford Flex from running over a nail.
I put in some fix a flat and pumped it up and went to the closest place which was Walmart.
They told me that they couldn't fix it because there was fix a flat in it and that I would have to buy a new tire for $200 bucks!!
Well lucky for me I took my husbands advice and went to Discount!!
They fixed it no problem in about 10 mins for free!!!
Ask for Michael he is awesome!!
Super nice guy and honest!
Definitely goes the extra mile to make customers happy!
Discount just got a new life long customer.

Stopped by here to ask if I could borrow a screw driver to put my license plate on because my temp tag had expired yesterday and I had an interview in Phoenix and Chris actually came out to my car and completely switched it for me and he was so sweet!
Very kind and professional!
I highly recommend this business if you need anything done for you vehicle!

My husband had the BEST experience here!!
They got us the best deal, had speedy service and had phenomenal customer service.
Would highly recommend for anyone looking to get a new set of tires!

Don't remember who personally helped me but he was super.nice.
I came in to possibly replace 2 tire due to one of them being punctured.
They were able to repair the punctured tire and even did it complimentary!
Definitely coming back when it's time to buy new tires.

Several years later.
Service still as good as ever.
This place just kicks ass.

