Blueberry coffee!
It smells so good in the car on the way to work.
Also I love that they add the milk/sugar/splenda for you, so nice.
The breakfast sandwiches are good and the hash browns are excellent.
Of course the Boston Creams are my favorite, so I wish they had a drive through so I wouldn't be tempted.

Located on 67th avenue, east side of the road, just north of the 101 in a little strip mall.
Weekdays outside of prime breakfast hours are great at this place - no long lines, pleasant employees, etc.
Rush hour and weekend mornings can bring the longer lines, especially for those people who order the egg sandwiches and such.
Much nicer after the remodeling.

I get my 4 yr old "chocolate meatballs" aka munchkins every 2 weeks or so, and we've always had nothing but fast, friendly service!

This Dunkin Donuts is hit or miss.
When i run in here for just coffee, the service is usually very fast and prompt.
When i run in there to order coffee and food, that usually becomes a circus.
There have been times when i've waited over 20 minutes for my food.
Usually it's not a problem, but when you have a business meeting that you have to attend to, it is.
Fast food, pffft.
Bring a sleeping bag.

We go to this Dunkin Donuts just about every time we viisit Arizona.
Donuts are of course always fresh and service is good.
I fell in love with the Vanilla Chai drink

Good quality hand soap and hand dryer here!
Thanks for not cheaping out on us dunkin donuts!
Stable WIFI!
Donuts can be better.

Great service here.
Fast, and in the drive thru they ask the people who order food cooked to order to pull around so as not to make those just getting beverages and donuts wait a long time.
Sometimes there are new people here and they take a bit of time getting up to speed.
But for the most part, a very fast drive thru experience is had almost every visit.
Thanks!

I came and ordered a coffee, cause that's what they're known for, right?
Sad to say I would prefer Starbucks over this.
Maybe I should have gotten a donut instead.
I tossed my drink after three sips.

Once walking in, I can see there's already a line.
Great I thought, another long wait.
This place was much different.
The barista was taking drink orders even before you were being waited in to get the coffee made and out there.
The line moved very quickly.
And service was presented with a smile and cheer.
Family friendly atmosphere, clean floors.
The manager walks around and asks how everything is.
And they're always cleaning.
I have 4 stars, for my particular service.
Ordered a coffee coolata and already paid.
Then was told they didn't have it.
So front counter people need to have more information about what's going on when waiting on ppl.

Very clean, fast service, friendly staff.
Would be 5 stars but they were out of what I ordered.

Ok so the food is fine, it's fast food breakfast food, not much to be expected.
Every time I've gone the service has been very fast, I've never had to wait long for anything.
BUT.... they are always out of something, and I don't go at weird times, the latest I've ever gone has been 11am, so I feel like they need to step it up with keeping things stocked.
There has not been one time I've gone where they have had plain bagels, which I don't understand because that's the most common bagel, how do you run out?
They have also been out of croissants, numerous other bagel flavors, and donuts.
Seriously WTF!??
Maybe I just have bad luck with the days i choose to go, but I'm definitely going to start eating a different location, because it's absolutely ridiculous that they would be out of these things so early.

Absolutely loved the service!
I wanted a dozen donuts and I got them and was out in less then 5 minutes!
Great friendly staff

Dunkin Donuts is always good and you can't go wrong with a chocolate long john, but they are hard to get here.
I must have got there after a rush because there just wasn't much left to choose from.
My advise is that if you are going to go, make sure you get there before everyone else does so you can get what you want.

