It's a Walmart.
It's new and clean.
Nicer than most.

It's a Wal-Mart that does not sell frozen drink mixers!
Can you believe this travesty!
I had to go to Target!
I like Target anyway, but I thought since it's so close to home lets save some time.
Nope, I had to hop right back into my car and head over the GOOD store that has frozen drink mix for my Lobsterita night!
The staff had no idea what I was talking about, I was thinking perhaps they were missing a chromosome?
No not really, just made me feel like a huge boozer but I like lobsteritas, okay?
Well everyone knows wal-mart - its good in a pinch, but not for booze.

Wellll....
I would not normally be reviewing a Walmart as I can't STAND Walmart (imagine that).
HOWEVER, I had to give a quick thumbs up to this location I stumbled upon in my quest to check off the random items on my shopping list because...  A) There were NO lines!!
Multiple cash registers were open!
I was in and out in a jiffy.
B) I saw not ONE person's butt crack or smell any bad body odor!
C) The people that worked there actually seemed happy and were extremely helpful and friendly - from the greeter to produce to the cashier.
D) Product was neat and in place and aisles were clean!

Awesome prices, happy employees, and normally have adequate employees at registers to keep lines down.
Saves us a lot of money on groceries and everything else.
Will price match just about any competitors ad.

Out of all the Wal Marts i've ever been to, this one has to be the best priced and best looking one.
The workers are very friendly, the place is always clean and tidy, and it's always bright in there, unlike the Hunt Highway Wal-Mart with really crappy solar power lighting.
I especially loved how sweet the boys in the automotives department were.
Very fast, friendly and helpful on telling me what i needed to know about auto parts.
Would recommend this Wal-Mart ANY DAY.

No way this Walmart is a dump.
Trash every were.
The shelves are a mess and its not a pleasant place to be in for long period of time.
If you want to go to Walmart I do not recommend this one.

i love this place.
i can get whatever i want when i want and they price match from other stores.

Not a bad store for a Walmart.
Very clean, usually well-stocked, and mostly kind associates.
I've been coming here since it opened and I would definitely say it is an above average Walmart store.

Wouldn't ad-match ANYTHING!
I had two checkers who did nothing but look for any reason to not match things.
"These strawberries aren't the right brand!
" (the brand in the Safeway ad was their house brand, and wal mart only had done kind named "berry-good.
)  Other example available, but I'm angry that I'm even taking this time to write this review away from my busy life.
Just stay away from this location - worst checkers ever, and they're so angry!

So many lanes, so few cashiers.
Cashiers look stressed.
Hold up on one lane so told might want to switch lanes then guess what.... Yeah.
Didn't help.

I actually like this store.
I used to live in Glendale and the Wal-Mart in my neighborhood was not very clean.
This one is very clean, organized, and the people are very friendly.
Just today, a cashier personally covered an extra 10 cents I had on my receipt because I was short!
I'm not sure if they can do that, but it was still nice.
:) I know some people may or may not be a fan of Wal-Mart for whatever reason, but I definitely like this one.
The only critique I would offer is that sometimes there are not as many cashiers as there should be at certain times during the day.
Overall though, this is definitely a pretty good Wal-Mart.

If you like standing in line this is the place to be.
Everytime I go there they have two lanes open 45 people in each line and enough attitude from the cashiers to make you sick.
Unbelievable its clean it works good pricing absolutely terrible terrible line management

