This was my first time in Las Vegas, and it was also my very first time at a comedy show.
I had no idea what to expect really.
My friends and I got tickets early and got them at a discount, which was nice.
For some reason I don't really remember the comedians or the jokes except there is an MC dude and a burlesque dancer who danced twice that night.
Oh yeah, and this was also my very first time watching a burlesque show.
It was pretty interesting, the dancer was very professional and she teased some of the audience and brought one old dude on stage lol he must have been like 80 years old haha I'm surprised he didn't get a heart attack.. anyways, we had an awesome audience that night and we were all just cheering her on and trying to be really enthusiastic about everything (like the comedians..) so we had a good crowd.
The show was really short though, it was like an hour long, so the jokes were definitely not quite enough, and I felt like they focused more on the burlesque dancer.
But we all know that sex sells, and we were all ogling over her performance so I guess for that it made up for the ticket...
I don't think I'll go back again though.. it's something you should try once since you're in Vegas already but for the burlesque dancing I can just go into a casino and watch the go-go dancers or something lol.
But ehh, it was a good experience.

We went to Sin City Comedy on our first night in Vegas.
We made it to the show right when it was supposed to start (got very lost in Paris), but they started late so we actually still got in.
They have a bar right outside, and if you're in VIP you get drink service as well.
The show is 18 yrs+ and they don't card at the bar.
You heard me right.
Even the lady we bought tickets from told us they didnt card so we could just go get drinks.
Ah, fond memories of my last illegal beverage....
Anyway, the MC the night we went was pretty funny, did some really good impressions.
The second comedian was HILARIOUS, and the third was alright.
There is a burlesque dancer that performs between acts to keep the crowd entertained, and I thought she was pretty good.
Had pretty good routines and didn't look like an amateur.
I would definately reccomend this as a good show to see.
It's only about $50, which is a lot cheaper than most shows.
The only downside is that you don't know who is performing until you get there.

I really like this show.
My biggest suggestion would be to arrive early because of the theater is laid out in an odd way.
They change the headliner weekly and the opening act is usually a newbie but it's pretty good show.

Why would you want to watch three guys in front of a brick wall?
You can see that anywhere, youre in Las Vegas why not see America's best comics and Las Vegas' best showgirls on the 50 yd line of the Famed Las Vegas strip?!
We have been to many Comedy clubs, love comedy, watch it on HBO and this is the creme de la cream.
we had a blast!!
and you wont get that at the Improv

I'd give this 1 star, but the wife liked it, so it gets a bonus star.
I'm not quite sure what I paid $60pp for.
An OK MC/warmup guy, a skinny-as-an-Ethiopian with bolt-ons doing 2 short routines, an OK comedian and the headliner (whose name fortunately escapes me) was the typical angry-middle-age woman comedian.
The theater is a mess, too.
It's like they wedged it into some space they had left over when they built the Miracle Mile.

I wasn't sure what to expect.
We wanted to do something fun, yet not too spendy on a Tuesday night.
This show sooo fit the bill.
I've been to Harrahs a few times and this was more fun.
After getting tix about 8:30 for the 9 pm show we went up the stairs to the actual line outside the theatre about 8:45.
Perfect timing because you're seated as you come in.
I was not going to sit front and center with a short skirt.
The girl tried to get me to sit front right, I filed in the next row after.
She didn't seem to mind.
We paid for general admission $30.
Not sure what VIP tix price gets you because the room is small and you can see okay from everywhere.
So save the extra 20 or so bucks.
I think the comedians are different and we lucked up with the main guy being really funny.
I loved the burlesque performer.
I could tell a few of the couples were uncomfortable but my date and I really liked it.
Not tawdry just fun and she knew how to shake it!
I will definitely go again

Very fun evening.
There was a host, two comedians, and a lovely bikini clad dancer.
Of course the value depends on who is there.
Too be honest, I don't even remember the names of the two comedians who were on tonight but both were really good.

3.5 stars (btw, don't ever pay full price for anything in Vegas)  This really wasn't what I expected, which was hot scantily clad girls doing comedy skits.
Nope.
Essentially, it's a comedy show with a strip tease in between 3 acts, opener/MC, comedian, and headliner.
Overall, I enjoyed it.
They cycle comedians so I can see if it might not be such a great show, but luckily our headliner was hilarious;he also did some magic acts which were cool too.
We bought our tickets from tix4tonight which came out to be about $30 a person with one free drink.
Not too shabby for Vegas!
Plus, if you have a voucher, just go to the box office line to get your ticket.

I caught this show a while back.
I've never heard of any of the comedians who performed on stage (if I recall we were there on a Monday night), and to be honest I can't remember who they are now.
What I can say is that it was hit and miss with some of them.
I do recall chuckling and laughing at some of the comedians...the others not so much.
The highlight had to be the strip teases by the dancer...I forget her name too but she was gorgeous.
She did quite the few tricks on a coat rack...I'll leave the rest to your imagination.

We love this show!
Every week there are a different set of comedians and a different Sin City Doll.
My Girlfriend and I have enjoyed the show almost on a weekly basis for the last few months and have even taken friends there as they come in and out of town.
You know you are there a lot when the MC Penny the Prince recognizes you at the bar... haha...   Don't let the "striptease" between acts scare you off as the girls are more burlesque then strippers and they have yet to show anything beyond a thong and hand bra... my point is that its sexy yet tasteful.
The comedians they get are generally top notch!
Sure, there are some nights where a comedian bombs worse then The Situation at the Trump Roast, but those are few and far between and whatever you do DON'T BUY A BLINKY CUP DRINK!
You have been warned... lol  My only complaint would be that the website and facebook for SinCity isn't that great because they never tell you who is going to be there.
Not that it would matter most of the time, but there are certain regulars like Carl Lebove that I would love to know when they are going to be there.

LMAO - literally!
Headliner was HELLA FUNNY!
Strip tease girl had great moves.
I'm so glad I went to this show.. just FYI line up early since the seats are not reserved.
Even though we lined up early the seats were so-so.
Its a small place, so I don't see anyone having crappy seats anyway.

Not a great theater and the waiting sucks, but the show was funny!
Don't bother with the upgrade and don't order a drink ($3 for water!!
) Don't pay full price (we got a groupon), but if you can get discounts it's definitely worth it!

If your on a budget and you wanna see a little bit Burlesque and funny comedians go here.
I recommend going on the internet and searching for this show to find a cheaper price.
I paid $34.00 for vip tickets.
Also a big note on the vip tickets when you get in you purchase two drinks a rum and coke is $15 and it comes with a blinky cup but the drinks are really strong.
The cup is like having two drinks in one so $7.50 a drink is not bad at all.
The best part is when the show is over go down to the bar show you have a vip ticket and you get a free drinks in our case it was two because it was just the two of us.
We sat right in the front and it was hilarious the comedians messed with us.
If you get a blinky cup be warned you will get made fun of in a playful way.
I don't remember the names of the comedians but there was a young gentleman from everybody hates chris he was hilarious and his impressions were great.
The second act was the burselic dance sammy she was perfect and she took a man from the audience sitting in the front.
You can tell that this man is generally not a person that would be picked I was hoping my boyfriend would get picked but I think the idea is to pick out an older looking person.
The 3rd act was an old man and wow he was great and was ranking on people who had the blinky cups.
He made a joke and called me doll do you even know who bill clinton is.
haha.
Then the 4th act is the Burlesque dancer sammy again.
The 5th act is an older woman and she cracks on men.
Typical male hater comedian but all around good.
Between each act the main guy from everybody loves chris comes out and he is entertainning.
The cost of the show was completely worth it I purchased my tickets from best of vegas I did get annoyed because before we got a tickets we had to run around the ticket booths because the computers were down.
PRINT YOUR TICKETS AT HOME I RECOMMEND IT.
We couldn't because we did it on an iphone.

I would say this is an easy fun comedy show.
The seating is a little odd but the price is right and we got a free drink with our ticket.
The comedians were good and even did a little improv,  not something you often see from people doing the same show multiple times a day.
Just remember that its comedy so lighten up and laugh a little.

This was a decent comedy show.
The jokes weren't forced like that terrible Defending the Caveman show and the comics definitely knew how to get the crowd going!
It also included a free drink which was a plus.
The only thing I'd gripe about was the hot and slutty girl that periodically turned the show from comedy to strip club.
Not that I mind a hot girl stripping on stage, but the guy controlling the lights was messing with us by turning them off at the most critical moment of her performance!
That was very disappointing...  Aside from that, great show!

This was hilarious.
I laughed so hard at the two acts.
The Italian guys was super, I couldn't catch my breath from laughing so hard!
Drink service was horrible, but our waitress could have been just having a bad day, because other people were getting their drinks.
It was fun!

I went with my husband & some family members on 11/12/11.
The opening act was ok, he did impersonations of some famous people but we couldnt tell when he was done, he would do an act & immediately ask if we were sleeping.....what?
oh thats it?
ok...I guess it was funny.
He did do a good Chris Rock impersonation & he got laughs for that.
Then theres the Burlesque dancer that dances between the acts.
Its a little cheesy, but still a little awkward.
The 2nd act was an older man, & he was hilarious, the last guy was also hilarious.
Our crowd was on the quiet side, there werent that many people laughing or they might have been too scared to laugh, who knows.... but I was laughing my ass off.
The venue was small, but it was nice to see the comedians up close.
We bought our tickets at the "half off" booths on the strip, definitely a better deal than paying full price & the ticket came with a complimentary drink.
We paid $33 for each ticket.
If you plan on drinking at the show, I suggest you drink before you go in & then try to maintain your buzz with the complimentary drink.
A cocktail was $10, or if you wanted it in those blinky cups it was $13, plus the tip...no thanks!
Also...word of advice, the "Half Off" people & the ticket says redeem at the planet hollywood/miracle mall Show Box office....we spent 30 minutes going in circles trying to find the show box office (after asking where it was), when we finally found it, it was closed.
We found another one in the middle of the casino...they told us to go directly to the venue, WHAT?
that was some BS!
If you're on a budget, just wanna sit down & laugh for a bit, I would recommend this place.
If you need more action or something more high end, skip it.

3 comedians and one hot dancer.
The first 2 comedians were my favorite, the last one wasn't as funny and sort of dampened the other 2 really funny ones.
The dancer was really hot and brought a Vegas feel to the comedy show.
Not sure I would pay full price to see this show, but if you get a good deal and want to kill an hour or 2, go see it.
Beside, the mall it''s located in is incredible

I like the idea of this show, and thats why I bought tickets for it.
Stand up comedy with strippers?
count me in.
Unfortunately it wasn't as good as I had hoped.
I purchased VIP tickets from Vegas.com for a discounted price and each ticket included a free drink.
So we sat in the front row of a theater that only had people seated in the first 2 rows.
Ok.
The free drink was a cheap draft or a well drink.
I am not a fan of Bud or Bud Light so I asked for a bottle of a different brand beer and the waitress said there was a 2 dollar upcharge for it.
Ok.
Earlier that day I saw a flier with a coupon "free ticket to Sin City Comedy with purchase of two drinks at 9.99 each".
So I guess the drinks you get as a VIP suck and the drinks you have to buy for a cheap seat are good?
Ok.
The comic who hosted the show was funny, and tried to interact with the crowd, what little crowd there was.
He tried.
The second comic was billed as "having been on the Jay Leno Show".
Not sure what act she did on Jay Leno, but she wasn't funny here.
I think I have a good sense of humor, I love to laugh and I wanted her to be funny so I could laugh!
but she was just bad.
I could be wrong but I think she was strung out on heroin.
Not funny.
Luckily the last comedian was HILARIOUS and I would have rather paid to see just his act but unfortunately his was cut short because he was sharing the stage with 2 other comedians and a stripper.
The stripper had a pretty nice body but her face was eh.
I think they call that a "butter face"?
yes thats it.
She could dance good too but it wasn't hot or even sexy.
Also the sound system was ok for the comics but when they played music for the stripper it sounded like shit.
The whole show ran a little over an hour.
Not worth the price of admission, even with a discount, sorry.
If they improved the show by adding another stripper and another comedian to make it a solid 2 hour show?
Sure.
Fix up the theater while you're at it.

Sin City is a regular stop for us.
Good layout for a comedy club, funny opening video reminding you to turn off  your cell phone and be courteous to those around you.
Not a bad seat in the house.
Have seen many good commedians and a few really great ones.
Did i mention Todd Paul....a sword, an apple, a unicycle, hat juggling...you got to see it.
Anyway VIP seats are front row(s) not worth the $10 unless you want a chance to be up close and personal with one of the Dolls.
We usually just hang out in the neighboring bar until the doors open then grab a seat along the back wall.
and remember - real men don't drink out of blinky cups, see the show you will understand why.

The seating was 1st come 1st servered and the setup was poorly done.
I don't think the people in the back could even see the stage.
The 1st two acts where pretty good.
Me and my husband laughed your ass off, Till we were asked to quiet down.
We're at a comedy show??
and I can't even laugh!!
The main act was horriable.
We didnt injoy it one bit.
AND I didn't understand what a stripper is doing at a comedy show.
Was i suppose to laugh at her??
huh

Terrible customer service, not at all worth the price of tickets, even at half off.
Don't waste your time.
Total rip-off.

Total rip off.
Terribly unorganized, theater is a make shift black box they made out of some old dusty storage room with nooks and obstructions.
Made u wait for an hour to watch barely an hour long show.
And what is with the stripper dancing and wasting time?
I came to watch comedy and when they cut the show to 60 min, I don't want to waste 20 of that watching a bad dance routine.
Obviously not for return customers, but for the naive ticket buyer.

I love coming to Sin City Comedy.
I have been doing so for a few years now.
I have even seen it change venues.
I have never been disappointed.
I always laugh hard.
I don't often see a comedian I am familiar with but there have been a couple that I have seen on Last Comic Standing on TV.
Plus there are the dancers.
Bonus.
I got pulled up once for a dance.
They had a pink feather boa wrapped around me.
I think I may have blushed a bit.
That kind of thing has never happened to me.
It is a good thing it was kind of dark in there.
It was fun though.
The price is a bit high for the length of the show.
As a local though, I know where to score free tickets.
For visitors, try the half price ticket places.

This show was stupid!
Thank God I only paid 25 bucks for it!
You can't even order a normal drink in a normal cup..they make u buy a cheesy blinky cup for like 13 bucks!
No way!!
Host is not funny, only guy that was funny was the guy at the end...I think his name was Dan Bernhardt....what's with the cheesy dancer..really????
Made it super awkward     and the icing on the cake is when she had to go thru a couple of people just to get one on stage....just leave it as a comedy show and get rid of your super un funny creepy mustache host...put a drunk monkey on the stage to host...it would be a lot funnier!!!
Stay away from this lame show...go gamble your money instead!

This sin city show was a lot better than I imagined.
It was definitely entertaining and fun to watch.
There was this one comedian that was good with impressions, I practically peed in my pants!

This is a great show!!
The new venue is really nice and there is not a bad seat in the house!!
The girls are sexy and a great addition to the show!!!
Who wants to just see the same old three guys in front of a brick wall?
It has music, variety, and comics that you notice from tv, and the price is pretty cheap.
If you dont have a great time in this show you need a new sense of humor!

Great intimate venue just above the casino floor at Planet Hollywood.
(Some employees at the PH had no idea where this was and sent us back into the Miracle Mile).
Our tickets were comp'ed - in fact there are stacks of these tickets around Vegas.
However, the comp means you pay a 1-drink minimum for each ticket @ $15 each.
So, our comp'd tickets cost us $30.00.
Not bad for a Vegas show - but my point: it really wasn't a comp.
The show:  excellent comedy, pretty and unpretentious cocktail servers in a venue that is small and intimate.

Much better show than I imagined.
Got tickets from groupon to come over here, $15 dollars and also included a free drink!
But I have heard you can basically get your tickets comped but need to buy a drink which is basically around the same price.
There were three comedians here, and the headliner had actually been on real comedy shows on tv before.
I thought the comedians were absolutely hilarious and did a great job in interacting with the crowd and keeping them engaged.
The venue is TINY, but it makes the whole setting for intimate.
Not to mention that I came late and they moved me to the front three rows because some VIPS didn't show up!
I've been to a few other comedy shows before and this one has definitely been my favorite.

This show was much better than I anticipated!
Just go with a good attitude, and you'll be sure to have fun.
I got tickets through a half price ticket place bc somehow I missed the groupons and coupons they hand out?
Whatever - it was worth the money to see the show.
The ladies who danced were actually really good, the comedians had me laughing, and the waitress service was excellent.
A great show!

No, no, no.
This was a waste of my time and money.
Unless you want to endure an hour and a half of highly offensive coarse sexually distasteful jokes, don't bother.
They don't offer any creative material unfortunately.
I saw 3 comedians on a Saturday night and all were filled with the same lame crude style of jokes.
I wish I would have missed this to actually see something better.

This is the only place in Las Vegas that combines comedy and burlesque.
The show features comedians who have appeared on TV and it being after 8 PM they work "Blue" (did I actually say 'Blue' Ok I am a 90 year old man.
) the burlesque was classic and a lot of fun.
They offer drink specials thru out the show.
So I say stop by and have a laugh a drink and a gander.
Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

I wasn't sure what to expect when I got there as I have been to some pretty cheesy shows in Vegas.
The tickets were reasonably priced and the theater was comfortable.
The seats are FAT FRIENDLY and it's cool (not hot)!
The first act was hella funny and did some amazing juggling and balancing tricks.
VERY entertaining.
The burlesque was an interesting way to break up the show...
I liked it.
2nd and 3rd acts were hiarious too!
Overall GREAT show!
I laughed so hard I had tears rolling down my face!
This is definitely a MUST see!

Should have walked out like the people next to us.
Drinks $$$....drunk lady in 2nd row kept heckling, talking loud, flipping everyone off.
They should have escorted her out.
Comedians not funny :(

Would give 0 stars if I could.
Run do not walk away from this offer.
We got free tickets from someone handing them out on the strip and since we were staying at planet, my brilliant hubby decided we should go.
It was the worst mistake of our trip.
The MC was a joke.
An old, washed up comic with the same routine he had in the 50's.
Didn't get a laugh in the house.
We were actually embarrassed for him.
It was painful.
We thought it also has burlesque- that would be fun.
Wrong again.
The whole Comedy routine goes on for over an hour with two breaks for burlesque.
The burlesque performers come out - one performed on a pole and the other on a chair.
In bikini type clothes.
No nudity whatsoever.
Was hoping for a light at the end of the tunnel, but there wasn't one.
Headlining comic was a disgrace to the industry!!
Not at all funny.
Corny and lame.
He said he opened for George Lopez but I can't see how.
The only thing he could open for George Lopez is a door... Not that George is that good either, but damn...He was a hot mess.
Horrible.
We got these tickets for free and I want my money back.
And they make u buy a drink so your free ticket ain't so free after all.
The waitresses kept coming around to see if we wanted more drinks- trust me, you can't drink this show funny...
I'm sticking to well known, amazing comics from now on - Kathy griffin (who killed!!
), Lisa Lampinelli, Joan rivers, etc...

Waste of time and money!
Only 3 burlesque dances and 2 comediennes.
You pay for your tickets and they don't say anything about an extra charge for a minim charge for a 10 dollar drink.
Horrible show!

Simply, don't go.
Too bad there's not negative stars available.
Should've walked out as others did but thought would try to wait it out and hope for better.
It got worse.
There was a female heckler that should've been thrown out.
She spoke out the WHOLE time, and loudly.
The comics tried to shut her up but...  Then there's the drinks, $14 for a plastic cup watered down drink and $10 for a Sam Adams in a cup??
At least the waitress didn't come back again to see if we wanted to throw away more money.
And the comics, not funny or because of the heckler, didn't get to try and be funny.
The dancer was tasteful, and the only positive part of the show.
Never again to that show.

My wife and I went to Sin City last night, what a disappointment.
Save your money and choose a different comedy show.
It was pathetic!!

Burlesque part of show is okay, nothing great.
There were two comedians at the 9pm show and one was so -so while the headliner was pretty good.
Show was an hour...expected it to be longer.
Unless you buy a groupon for $15 with the one free drink, I wouldn't waste your money or time.
Brad Garret's comedy club at MGM is much better.

decent show!
the two comedians were good!
the headliner was obviously way funnier than the host.
i liked the burlesque dancers and added a nice break in between acts.
we had $15 tickets so for the price the show is about a 3-4 star but i probably wouldn't pay full price for the show.
really liked the headliner he was super funny!
the cocktail waitress we had was not good!
she forgot what we ordered and we had to wait almost half the show to get our drinks!!
well all in all it was a good show for what we paid and the headliner!

Hmm...my cheap-ass senses are tingling!
I found tickets on Goldstar for FREE.
:)  I just had to pay a $8.50 fee.
(Of course, there's always a catch.
)  That's fine with me!
:) It was perfect too because the show is walking distance from where I was staying at the Quad.
So, I saw the show on a Tuesday night at 7:30pm.
The theater is located inside Planet Hollywood.
It's small and intimate which is good.
So, pretty much we weren't that far from the stage.
There is a two drink minimum, but that's pretty standard everywhere you go.
Well, at least that's how it is in LA.
LOL   I came into this with no expectations and I actually really liked it.
The comedians were for the most part funny.
And the burlesque dancers were sexy!
I don't think I would pay full price for this show but I wouldn't mind coming back either.
C'mon...who doesn't love to laugh?!
So...who's coming with me to Vegas?
You fly...I buy (cuz I'm cheap.
LOL)!
Note: I went Oct 22nd.
Yah, sometimes I lag.
LOL

I thought it was a pretty darn good show.
We brought the Groupon and I think thats the best way to go - it covers entrance, fees, and a drink for $15/person.
It's located on the second floor from the Planet Hollywood casino, which itself is conveniently located next to some hotels with good attractions, so it makes sense to stop in here while you're looking at those.
It had two burlesque acts, none of whom got naked, which was ok but I was expecting them to because I thought that's what burlesque was haha, I've never been to a burlesque show.
The performers only did one song each and they were pretty short songs, and they both ended with more clothes on than they started with haha, oh well.
The waitresses and the performers were all pretty darn pretty though, so you'll be entertained that much.
As far as the comedy, the host was ok - though he had a tough time warming us up haha, but the headliner was good.
He came down into the crowd since we weren't responding well enough I guess, and he was very funny so I guess they do pick good comics usually.
idk how much the drinks cost usually, but I had a pina colada and it was delicious!
Strawberry daiquiri was good too :-)    My only gripe is that the waitresses are constantly walking around asking you if you want something, getting in the way of the show and it's distracting.
We went to the 9pm show, on a Tuesday night, the auditorium was only half full, it's probably more fun when it's more full, it's not a very big theater to begin with, it's a little smaller than the Improv at Harrah's.
I think it's a good way to spend the evening, but I wouldn't make this my evening, you know, it's more like a time killer, but it's a darn good time killer haha, so I recommend going.

This show was great, the comedians were hilarious and the burlesque dancers were very attractive and classy.
This show was more than worth the money

Great fun for the price!
Ladies were beautiful.
Comics were good.
Price was amazing.
Worth every dollar.

I purchased the Groupon for the SinCity Comedy show the Comedian's were good we really enjoyed that portion of the show but the "burlesque" portion was horrible it wasn't even real burlesque it looked more like cheap strippers with nicer lingerie on if I wanted to see strippers I would have gone to the strip club!
The drinks weren't good at all and over priced!
In my advice pass on this show not worth the time!

It was "ok".
I understand that there are different comics every night and so the show may change.
However, they only had two burlesque dancers and they weren't complete songs so a total of a minute for dancers.
Which maybe would have been fine if the comics were good.
However, the show is described online as having sexy women comedians and dancers.
Every comedian was a guy, only one of the three was funny.
Basically, I don't know about the validity of this show.

Very funny comedians, lovely dancers.
But a thick post in the middle of the venue?
Can't see from seats!
Staggered chairs would help view-!!!
!Overall fun but venue needs improvement.

Awesome show!!!
We purchased a Groupon that covered the show and the one drink minimum.
It was a very small crowd.
So much in fact that everyone was "upgraded" to VIP.
So basically there weren't any VIP ticket holders and they didn't want the front rows empty.
That was fine.
The drink was, eh.
But it was included in my ticket so oh well.
I ordered a Malibu and pineapple.
I was told that it would be $1 upcharge since Malibu is not considered a "well" drink.
No problem, it's only $1.
The comedian was outstanding, the waitress was outstanding.
it's a good way to do Vegas on the cheap.
Definitely get a Groupon and go!!!
I have never laughed so hard.

Several unexpected issues...  First, we ordered Jack and Coke and they bring it out in 5 oz Dixie cups.
It tastes like it has no alcohol in it and the Coke if Flat!
The drinks were required to be purchased and are like $15 each!
Second, the show is incredibly distasteful.
If they were talented comedians, they would be able to get people laughing without dropping 150+ f-bombs, a s-bombs...  Third, making fun of Jesus over and over is a BIG NO-NO.
This isn't comedy... this is desperation.
Stay far away...

If I could've given this review a half a star I would have.
I'm a local in Las Vegas,  friends were in town and we wanted to do something fun with them.
Decided to try a comedy show with burlesque, big mistake.
It starts from lining up outside where some hack who thinks He's a comedian, who's really a glorified doorman, starts yelling obscenities at you about the rules of the club.
Not appreciated.
We went Saturday, April 19.
Whoever the comedians were that night were awful and I mean awful.
We bought VIP seating, that was our first mistake.
Not worth the price.
Very small room, every seat is close enough to the stage, save your money.
You would think with VIP seats and the extra money spent it would include at least one drink.
Wrong, you are forced to buy at least one drink, water $4.
Some VIP tables were offered popcorn, others including ours were not....go figure.
Again comedians, 2 of them,  were pitiful.
Dancers were good, but the whole thing didn't seem to blend well.
MC was desperately trying to hold the crowd together, tough job to do with bad acts.
Try Brad Garrett's comedy club, never had a bad evening there.
If you really insist on going, get your tickets on Groupon $10 ea but don't say I didn't warn you.

