the ice cream is solid, tasty and fresh.
mix-ins are mostly fresh - once in awhile you get stale tasting candy or brownie but not very often.
i'm annoyed that in order to have a good amount of anything in your ice cream you have to order double mix ins.
the place is likely extremely profitable, charging just over $10 for 1 medium and 1 small bowl of ice cream with 2 mix-ins each.
staff at this location are never very friendly and ordering is painful.
i honestly wish i could make my own rather than dealing with the uppity high school students applying a 4th layer of lip gloss and are more interested in who's dating who and what party they're going to after they get off work than engaging a customer.
the weird names for sizes, "like it" and "love it" are annoying and awkward to say.
i ask for a small and the employee always corrects me: "you mean a like it"?
whatever.
i don't know what a "like it" is, but i know what a "small" is.
i really preferred this chain 15 years ago when it was a mom and pop facility with paper signs, helpful staffers and better atmosphere.
today's coldstone screams corporate america.
it's just ice cream people.
there's just no reason to overly standardize and corporatize ice cream.

We've got these on the East Coast so I knew what to expect.
My family sent me a gift card to here for my birthday (really???
you want me to die an early calorie induced death?
) so one day after work I decided to indulge to get rid of some stress.
I swear my face tingles from the sugar when you walk through the door of this chain.
Everything is beyond rich.
If you're getting a cone or something make sure not to get more than one scoop or you'll probably develop a case of diabetes.
The ice cream cakes are pretty good but are expensive.
I'll stick with fro-yo in the future for sure.

I used to be anti-Cold Stone, but I've changed my stance since moving nearby and getting it way too often due to my girlfriend's cravings.
Yeah, that's it, I'll blame her for our weekly visits.
We started going to this location about a year ago and the trend always seemed to be pissed off, teenage high school girls with neck tattoos behind the counter hatefully making your ice cream.
It was especially nice when they felt the need to complain about their miserable lives to the customers.
But ya know, I learned something from one of them one day.
It sounds to me it was the owner or manager of this location that was the bane of these poor girls' existence.
So ya know what, I'm on their side now.
But that used to be the trend.
Over the past few months there seems to be a happier group of girls working who don't have neck tattoos.
They are more upbeat, positive, and don't complain.
They make damn good Gotta Have It sized specialty ice cream bowls.
Enjoy!

