MIX 94.1 use to be my favorite radio station in Las Vegas, and then 107.9 came around.
They play the best music and few commercials... and they do have awesome events!

For years, 107.5 has handled the Alternative music needs of the Las Vegas Valley - but no one can deny that they only play new stuff, much of which is no good.
For years, I wanted there to be a station that specialized in back-catalogue alternative hits.
With the arrival of 107.9 in 2005, I can rest at last.
107.9 is an alternative station, but unlike 107.5, they specialize in back-catalogue stuff, be it early 70s punk like Ramones and Sex Pistols, or 90s alternative rock like Nirvana and Soundgarden.
The station DOES play new alternative rock, but it's clear their focus is on alternative classics, and that's a good thing.
The best of old and new alternative alike, this is one of the most essential radio stations in Vegas.

107.9FM ricks.

hey .. on mon .107.9 adve.. no commercials..great .. on all other days it's a marketing frenziee.. i drove from us.
95 & charleston to us.95 & decatur.
with commercials .. i know it's revenue.. what about the listeners thank you

This stations was the bomb when it came out, I was like "Wow!
It is like they are playing one of my playlist mixes!
"  But now they are just Bleh alternative for the early thirties set.
Its just 94.1 with a new number.
Oh and me and the boyfriend joke that they play nothing but Stone Temple Pilots and Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Because thats pretty much it.

Was vacationing in Vegas over the weekend.
Found this station and can't get enough.
I stream it here.
Chicago radio blows.
Just a really good alternative playlist.
UPDATE 11/20/11:  THEY CHANGED FORMAT!!!
I NO LONGER STREAM IT IN CHICAGO.
YUCK.

Day 031/365 Yelp Challenge 2011  When I'm not at home and visiting my HS bff Tia (and her husband Jesse) in Las Vegas, NV, this is the radio station that I tune in to.
Even when it's 112 degrees outside and it feels like a hot, dry oven!
Upon returning back to Hawaii, I'm back to listening Star 101.9.

AWEFUL!
They just changed the format of this station.
107.9 was the only alternative station in Vegas.
Now it's Bob FM...wtf?
Now they claim to play everything.
They play nothing.
This was THE best station in town.
Now it's as bad as every other station on the air.
I guess I'll be using my iPod all the time now.

Going from great to packaged, processed, corporate marketing fluff in no time flat.
What is truly funny is they are on the air trying for this "Jack" vibe and forgetting that as soon as the commercials on Jack overwhelmed the airwaves, Jack went bye-bye.
And they beat you over the head with this " We-are-not-corporate" motto that really means that "we-ARE-a-corporate-marketing-scheme" and not much else.
So there you have it, a great alternative station ( much better than 107.5 ) that has become this mish-mash of 90's softies hits.
Blechh!
Corporate Rock Sucks ( unfortunately, it is also commercial Gold ).
Just goes to show that just as "FM" lost its meaning, so will Alternative.
Time to pay the Fiddler!
Madison avenue will sell your memories down the river and you'll be humming along as you buy to your hearts content.
Hey!
Wasn't that a Nirvana tune on that Nissan Vibe commercial with the drivers all dressed in Grunge plaid shirts?

