What a treat!
The food and service at SWB is first rate.
On a recent Monday night our party of five had a great dinner.
The tortilla soup and guacamole were prepared at our table - unique flavors & tasty.
Our waitress had described the ribs as one her favorites - a special chili sauce,  meat being cooked all day with the pork that falls right off the bone.
I'm glad two of us listened to her.
They were outstanding.
Something I would order again.
I'm one to ask a lot of questions and trust the opinion of the wait staff.
I found both our bus girl and waitress to give natural, pleasant and descriptive answers that took me down the right path.
I wrapped up dinner with a refreshing bowl of blood orange sorbet.
SWB has a casual atmosphere with an airy appeal.
Located in the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch, this does not come off as your typical hotel dining spot.
This gets a high recommendation from me, whether your a guest at the hotel or not.

I had a great dinner there.
One of my best in a long time.
It was sucha treat.
Once in a while you have to take care of yourself and just enjoy what life has to offer.
Chef Juan was great to talk to.
Seems this guy has been there sinsr they broke ground.
If you truely like yourself take a walk around the grounds after dinner and smoke a cigar at the big Fire Pit or over by the dock.
Life is good.

Since it's winter here in AZ it was great sitting outside by their fire pit.
The desert I had was really good!
It was a carmel tart.

My girlfriend took me to the "Wine Me, Dine Me" experience there for my birthday.
I have to say it was one of the best meals I have ever had!
It was a unique 4 course meal that Chef Jayson whipped up for us.
The  "Wine Me, Dine Me" menu changes daily so you can go as many times as you like and never have the same dish.
You sit at a kitchen bar table overlooking the chefs in the kitchen and you are able to interact with them, ask questions, etc.
Make sure you reserve in advance for this experience because the table only holds up to 3 couples so it's very intimate.
We were the only couple there and we had a great time joking around with the Chefs.
The service was above reproach and all of the staff was friendly and very helpfull.
I particularly enjoyed the premium tequilla and wine pairings that they selected for the meal.
There is a lounge upstairs and when we went they had a live jazz band playing which filtered down and added to the overall experience.
They said they have a Sunday brunch so I am looking forward to trying that next  :)

Came here with our family friends for dinner a couple of times.
Sleek, modern take on southwestern cuisine.
Very open kitchen with neat seating/tables.
The guacamole is very good, and they make it for you fresh at the table.
Good acidity of the lime juice balanced by the buttery, tasty texture of the avocado.
Low on the onions, which is good - I'm not a huge onion fan when it comes to guacamole.
The chips are good, but not the best I've ever had.
They do come in a cool cone basket though.
The tortilla soup is also very good.
The bring the chicken and tortilla in the bowl, and bring the steaming soup broth in a ceramic jar, pouring it into the bowl to make the soup.
The soup was creamy, spicy (not overly), and quite pleasant.
Big pieces of shredded chicken.
Salads were okay, but not great.
I had the chicken quesadilla, which were two quesadillas (one corn and one flour) filled with jack and oaxacan cheeses and shredded chicken.
Tasty and filling.
The maple glazed salmon is also very good - sweet and well prepared.
The service was friendly, but was not the fastest service, so plan for a longer dinner.

BOTTOM LINE: Okay food, nice employees, slow service, so-so experience, wouldn't go back.
After reading the reviews, I was excited to take my boyfriend here on his birthday for the Wine Me, Dine Me dinner.
I think $65 per person for a four course meal and alcohol tastings (note: tasting size pours) is a great price.
However, neither my bf or I thought the dinner and service was worth it.
It was fun to try something different, but blah.
FOOD / SERVICE:  FIRST COURSE: SHRIMP CEVICHE IN MANGO PUREE.
Both of us thought the mango puree was overpowering, not a lot of seafood, not that remarkable.
The accompanying tequila with a smoked salt was so nice!
When we sat down, there was an older couple on our right and a single older male on our left.
The couple told us that we could have seabass if we didn't want filet.
Chef Jayson introduced himself and started preparing our ceviche appetizers.
He put diced jalapeno on top of one, and I asked if we could have the other one without it because my bf is way sensitive to spicy foods.
Chef seemed a little offput by the question, but it was too late since he went ahead and put the jalapeno on.
We didn't care, I picked some off and my bf ate around it.
No biggie.
SECOND COURSE: SHAVED RAW ASPARAGUS SALAD.
My bf isn't big on salads or asparagus, so he asked if he could have a caesar instead.
The chef said, "No, it's a set menu.
" I waited to ask the waitress for a menu so I could order one for the bf (after all, it was his bday and I was more than willing to pay more to get him a salad he likes) but she must've been busy.
I eventually asked the hostess for one.
When the chef saw I had a menu, he told my bf he could ask for a caesar if he didn't like the asparagus salad.
*The salad was interesting and tasted bland.
My bf ended up eating all of his (I think due to hunger), and I only had one bite because I didn't care for it.
The second course is the last time we heard from the chef.
He talked at length with the older diners around us, but only stopped by to ask how we wanted our steak cooked, which his sous chef had already asked.
The sous chef brought us the salads, poured the remaining wines, and took care of us from then on.
We saw the chef leisurely talking with the other kitchen staff.
No one looked too busy.
ADVICE: If you're late 20s/30s like us, this may not be the place for excellent service unless you stay on the chef's good side.
THIRD COURSE: FILET MIGNON OR SEABASS.
We like to share things and had steak the previous night, so we went with one filet and one fish.
Each came topped with guacamole, served with hominy in a cheese sauce.
The filet was delicious, but my bf wanted his cooked more.
Had to wait quite a while for this since no one checked on us.
The seabass was moist, crusted with breadcrumbs.
Unfortunately, putting guacamole on top of the entrees didn't add much.
It was too heavy for the seabass and the flavor didn't quite blend or enhance the steak.
I don't like hominy so I didn't eat any of it and was still hungry.
FOURTH COURSE: SOME MINI CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE OR CAKE-LIKE THING AND A MINI HIBISCUS CREME BRULEE.
The desserts were tiny, served with a Washington Riesling.
Chocolate cake resembled a two-bite brownie, but was dry.
Neither of us finished ours.
The creme brulee was about 1.5 inches in diameter.
It was delicious though not set--it was runny like a raw egg.
Really nice pastry chef--he gave the couple next to us a huge bowl of berries instead of one of their dessert plates.
We should've asked for the same!
Since I was still hungry, I asked the sous chef to taste the garlic mashed potatoes.
(Open kitchen so I was eyeballing them all night.
) He gave me a bowl full and told me I could have more.
YUM!
They tasted amazing.
I also ordered fry bread from the waitress.
She brought me several pieces.
I would've finished all of them if I had butter, but couldn't get anyone's attention to ask for it.
* * * * * * * * * *   WRAP-UP: The restaurant was pretty dead even though it was a Friday and our reservation was at 7:45.
The bar and lounge area was more crowded.
Most people we interacted with were extremely pleasant and professional.
We just didn't see the server too frequently.
Waited a long time for things like ordering a martini, getting a martini, and getting and paying the bill.
The hostess finally took my credit card and found the waitress.
I really wanted it to be a great dinner for my boyfriend's birthday.
Too bad it was pretty disappointing :(  He said he liked the idea and appreciated the attempt!
Next time we'll stick to a sure thing, especially for a special occasion.

My wife and I went to SWB yesterday thanks to a gift certificate we purchase on Restaurant.com.
SWB is in the Hyatt Hotel at Gainey Ranch.
The hotel is beautiful and the restaurant is right off of a lounge on the lower level.
It has an open feel to it but because it to open to the lounge area it was a little noisy at times.
It wasn't a problem at all for me but if you want a quite dinner it could be disturbing.
The food was excellent.
I had a filet mignon which was prepared exactly as I requested and my wife had a different steak that she also liked.
The food has a Southwest flare and some can be spicy.
We split a salad which was plenty for us and we got a bottle of wine.
Service was good but not excellent (for a restaurant in this price range).
We did have to ask to have our water refilled at least twice.
Desert was incredible but we were so stuffed we could not eat it all.
So overall the food was excellent, the service was good, and the atmosphere was good.
It almost deserves fives stars but because the price range is so high I am rating it compared to other high end restaurants.
We spent $136, plus the $100 restaurant.com gift certificate so for a $236 dinner I like to see ever detail excellent before I can give something five stars.
If you like the menu of Southwestern food, this is worth a try.
The food was 5 stars in every aspect.

We ordered seabass and ribs.
Both excellent choices.
Service very good.
Ambiance was unexpected.
Felt like we were in hawaii with an open feel with palm trees.
Used restaurant.com coupon.
Great deal.

This was a typical resort restaurant the food was fairly ambitious and the food was pricey.
I had the chicken because almost any other entree was really pricey, and almost solidly steak.
Never the less the food was pretty good and the service was great.
Unfortunately the table next to us lit up and then it was pretty smokey, but we were already done, and we chose to sit outside so that I don't blame them for at all.
In the end it was a little too pricey for what your gonna get, some good food but also it was the resort and I wouldn't expect anything different.
I probably won't be back, our server was really nice though that's the only reason I feel bad about giving this place 3 stars.
Other than that it was all around ok.

After reading reviews on yelp, i decided to try out  SWB since we were staying at the Hyatt.
It didnt disappoint.
We were greeted by a welcoming hostess and seated by the window as requested.
And, as reviewers below mentioned, i purchased the restaurant.com gift certificate which came in pretty handy.
For starters, we ordered the freshly made guacamole and corn chips which were made table side.
We also got the Seared Chili Marinated Shrimp and Scallops.
It was pretty good and a good mini tapas.
For our entree, we ordered the Oven Roasted Sea Bass and Smoked Baby Back Ribs.
I really enjoyed our sea bass.
It was poached and smothered in this awesome salsa.
The ribs were great as well, super juicy and big chunky slices.
For our sides, we got mac & cheese and jack cheese grits.
OMG, mac and cheese was awesome.
It had a sweet kick to it because of the ham and peas.
Mmm.. to accompany our meal, we ordered a bottle of Chateau st. michele chardonnay.
We weren't able to finish our meal so they packaged it all up for it along with the wine.
It made a great breakfast the next day.
Make sure you get your gift certificate before you dine though.
It's always nice to eat well and save $$$.

Awesome Saturday breakfast buffet (until 11am).
I wanted a resort style brunch setting to treat my folks too while they were in town.
The service here is impeccable as are the grounds, which deserve a good walking through after you gorge yourself on heaps of fresh fruit, pastries, bacon and eggs.
Located in central Scottsdale.

Good food, pricey, very loud, lots of kids, OK service, atmosphere of a coffee shop.

For Mother's Day brunch it's a hit at my house and has been for two years running.
The good measure of any breakfast brunch is the Eggs Bene, it's a tough dish to get right and even harder when they have to sit out.
At this buffet they don't sit for long.
The eggs are cooked great and they take away the old ones if they have been there  long.
The rest of the selection is great with everything you would expect: crab legs, sushi, salmon, pasta, carving stations, omelette station, and desserts galore.
Champagne of course.
The service is great, the ambiance is relaxing, and the outdoor patio is great in the spring.
See you there next Mother's day!

We stayed at the Hyatt Gainey Ranch during spring break and had a fabulous time.
We ate at SWB for lunch and enjoyed it so much we ordered dinner that evening to eat in the room with our kids.
My husband ordered me the chocolate caramel tart which turned out to be one of the best desserts I've ever had.
I tried looking for the recipe and couldn't find it so I figured it wouldn't hurt to ask for it.
Surprisingly I received an almost immediate response from the hotel that they would let the chef know.
Within a few hours the recipe from the chef was in my e-mail with additional tips!
Now I call that customer service.
We loved the hotel and loved the restaurant.
Looking forward to going back someday.

My wife and I celebrated our seventh wedding anniversary with the SWB's "Wine Me, Dine Me" experience, and we were thrilled with the service, quality of the food dishes, and the inter-activeness with the staff.
Chef Juan and Pasty Chef Jessica particularly went above-and-beyond to make us feel welcome and to have a most memorable evening.
Chef Juan was warm and candid with us as we interacted through the evening.
Chef Jessica spent some time early in the evening getting to know us before selecting the perfect desert treat for us.
This was our first time to participate in the "Wine Me, Dine Me" experience, and it was very neat to sit at the kitchen bar overlooking the chefs' work-stations and to be able to talk to them as they prepared our meals and the meals for others in the dining area.
I especially enjoyed the presentation and explanation of each dish; was interesting to hear their concept and thought beyond each dish.
As noted by others below, the service-level was beyond our expectations, and we especially appreciated the one-on-one interactions with Chef Juan and Chef Jessica.
The four-course meal was perfect, and we really liked the food pairings with top-notch tequila and a few local Arizona wines.
Afterwards, we enjoyed an awesome gondola ride and were treated to a few wonderful songs from Marcus the Gondolier.
Before calling it an evening, we sat in the lounge area and listened to a wonderful singing, guitar player (already forgot his name, though).
Overall, we had a wonderful evening, and I give this dining experience 5-stars!

Excellent breakfast with consistent 5 star service.
I have had breakfast all over Scottsdale in traveling for work and the Steel cut oats here are awesome!
Plus, they give you both walnuts and pecans, plus strawberries!
Great job!

Take my review with a grain of salt since I came here for lunch on a Monday.
First the good: the ambiance is nice.
It's got a great open patio with waterfalls and shade.
The service is also acceptably attentive.
They slipped a little with the water refills, but nothing egregious.
Then the meh: the tortilla soup.
Is this really worth all the raves?
I think not.
It's very typical, non-inventive, tortilla soup.
By the other reviews, I was expecting to be blown away.
Didn't happen.
The soup is fine with chunks of chicken and vegetables, but the base is too creamy and far too bland to compete with the big guns in tortilla soup.
The house salad was also in the meh.
It's a mild pet peeve of mine to overdress a salad.
It happened.
I should've gotten it on the side.
My fault.
The roasted cherry tomatoes were yum though, and saved it all.

When I went it was very crowded and it took a while to be seated.
The breakfast is not very traditional American, it has a very latin/southwest style to it.
The name is not deceiving.
It was some of the best breakfast I've ever had though.
The atmosphere was lovely and you could sit outside by a fire pit that gave off a hickory smell.
It was just wonderful.
That hotel is just the perfect atmosphere to enjoy this little bistro.

Family came in from New York - and breakfast at the Hyatt has become something of a tradition for my cousins.
We met here on a Friday mid-morning, and all four of us opted for the buffet.
Nice selection of pastry, fruit, bacon, sausage, pancakes, scrambled eggs, eggs Benedict, made to order omelets and bagels with smoked salmon and all the expected add-ons for that.
Nice strong Bloody Mary, flavorful coffee, and a lovely morning out on the patio.
Yes - you are paying resort prices.
That said - if seated outside, you have a view of one of my favorite resorts in town.
Not something I can afford to do daily - and not something I'd want to.
But for a nice change of pace - and a way to welcome my cousins to Arizona for this too-brief visit, it was perfect.

Very good and conveniently located inside one of my favorite resorts.

Try the Baramudi!
That's all I'm going to say with my 5 stars selected!

So, it's a resort restaurant.
But it could be much better.
In spite of the fact the place was nearly empty, we were told there was no room and that all tables had been reserved.
Fine.
I get that.
We get that.
So we left our name, number, and room number, and had a drink in the central area bar.
And waited.
And waited.
Finally, I went back to check and the hostess said, "oh we've been trying to call you but we obviously wrote down the wrong number.
" Hmm.
They had our name and our room number; they could've figured out how to get a hold of us.
And then, the same tables that were empty an hour and ten minutes before were still empty.
Hmm.
No way to treat anyone, let alone diamond members.
Alas.

Great crab and avocado salad.
Gluten free and generous amounts of lump crab.

This was the main restaurant at the resort that was open for all meals.
A decent selection, but huge portions, which I found frustrating as for me it's a waste.
I can't save anything as I have no microwave to re-heat it.
And again being at the resort it's pricey so makes the waste seem worse.
They were accommodating enough to make me a gluten free pasta one night, which wasn't on the menu.
It was disappointing though.
Very bland and not much meat in it.
Still nice of them to go out of their way.
Food was pretty good, got boring eating there the whole time though.

A colleague and I dropped in for lunch.
Located inside the Hyatt Gainey Ranch Hotel, this bistro is kind of a cool spot for business lunches.
After browsing the menu, I asked the server for her recommendations.
She mentioned the Tortilla Soup and the Chicken Sandwich...I decided to order both!
Chicken Tortilla Soup, $7 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/swb-southwest-bistro-scottsdale?select=ierF1dcLqbHnkuSYQVBfEQ#ierF1dcLqbHnkuSYQVBfEQ  Chicken Sandwich, $13.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/swb-southwest-bistro-scottsdale?select=jP3kNNLapF2saR16v6cu4g#jP3kNNLapF2saR16v6cu4g  The Tortilla Soup came out first.
I ordered a small size since they didn't have cups and it was a nice sized portion.
It's not as thick as I normally like my Tortilla Soup, but what it lacked in texture, it made up in flavor...this is a good soup!
A short time later, the Chicken Sandwich came out.
This portion size is not too large, it's actually perfect for lunch.
I took one bite out of it and instantly became a fan.
The Bread is a sourdough sandwich roll and went perfectly with the grilled flavor of the Chicken.
The Fries were seasoned with Sea Salt...that makes a huge difference.
I prefer Sea Salt seasoned Fries over regular salted Fries.
Our server and the rest of the staff was very friendly.
The resort atmosphere was very relaxing.
It's a great spot for lunch if you're in the area.
Return Factor - 95%

Terrible food!
We dropped in for a friends birthday, hoping for something special since it was inside the Hyatt.
We ordered two mediocre salads as well as chicken tacos that were gross!
The cheese on the tacos was in edible.
Our service was tolerable, however, I would not recommend this place for anyone.

Went there last night for date night and had a great meal.
I felt the meal was slightly over priced but with a restaurant.com coupon it was a good deal.
The guacamole is made table side and delicious.
We had the steak with pistachio butter and pecan crusted pork chop on cornbread waffle.
Both were delicious.
It was not busy for a Friday night.
We should have sat outside, but opted for interior.

This is for the Wine me, Dine me.
It was not very impressive.
Our "wine steward" for the evening admitted he didn't even drink wine himself but thought we ladies would like the sweeter wine the best.
WHAT?!?!
Not only were you stupid, you were insulting too.
Maybe the restaurant should have a professional serving wine instead of college kid.
The Chef was very nice and the first three course were good but again, not impressed.
The dessert was the most disappointing, we should have asked for something different.
Even the chef implied at the beginning of the evening that the pastry's chef creation was a crap shoot....total fail!
I should have said something at the time but only went back later to tell the chef who had left for the evening.
I would stick to the regular menu.
Breakfast each morning was great so I can only imagine their other menus are good too.

Located in the lobby of the hotel (Hyatt Scottsdale Gainey Ranch), I didn't necessarily expect a lot out of the experience.
My business travels sometimes mean eating hotel meals for as much as ten days in a row, so I've lowered my expectations.
But hey - pretty okay!
First, it was a cold day and I got my pick of seating, so I grabbed a seat by the fireplace.
Ambiance and all that.
I was reading a book on my Kindle, just chilling like a lonely travelers.
We won't pretend the prices were cheap - it's a hotel - but I was jazzed by some interesting tastes.
My favorite was the jalapeño cornbread.
I'm a wimp for hot stuff, but this came out in the cast iron dish and I was in heaven.
Pleasant staff, quick service and they wrapped my leftovers up for me with utensils (joke's on them, that totally got left in my hotel fridge because I forgot about it).
Don't get me wrong - if someone's willing to take you out to eat around here, go, because there's a lot of good stuff around.
But if you're just trying to relax a little maybe after a day of flying, this is a pretty good option

Expensive for the food quality.. most bland tasting guacamole ever(they need serrano peppers)....the caesar salad tasted like it was drowned in mayonnaise dressing(the chicken on top was actually very good).
We had a team of two servers- one was great- the other one couldn't have cared less.
A manager never stopped by our table nor did we ever see one.
I would NEVER go back.

I like this place.
My wife and I spent a couple of nights at the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale where this eatery is located.
After a short wait in the cavernous adjacent lounge we were seated outside next to a blazing fire pit which was very comfortable and inviting.
As we often do, we opted to order a few appetizers in lieu of entrees to share.
We were not disappointed.
We sampled their southwestern crab cakes, grits, a ceasar salad and fresh ceviche which is basically Mexican sushi.
I don't typically order fresh fish this far from a coast but I took a chance and I'm glad I did.
Everything was really tasty with good texture and presentation.
The southwestern grits actually arrived by mistake in lieu of the cornbread we ordered which we got to keep anyway.
I wasn't sure what to expect but they were actually very good - cooked with fresh cilantro and some other seasons.
The service was attentive.
The atmosphere was romantically delightful.
When coupled with the excellent fare it was a very pleasant dining experience albeit a bit pricey.
If you order appetizers like we did you'll save a little money and have more food than you can finish.
Enjoy.

My fiancee and I have been here twice, and both times we have been blown away.
Today we came in for Sunday Brunch.
It's a little pricey ($45 per person), but includes delicious/strong bottomless mimosas, amazing breakfast food, outstanding lunch food, and ridiculously good desserts, too!
Service is always fantastic.
Very friendly, and very quick.
If it's not too hot, sit outside.
You're right by the pool, and the sounds of waterfalls are very relaxing.
Enjoy!

We stayed at the hotel here so we came down to eat some breakfast.
Buffet is $18 per person so it's a deal compared to ordering a la carte.
Indoor and outdoor seating available.
Our server was very friendly and personable.
Plenty of food choices including scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, pancakes (even ones with chocolate chip), cereal, fresh fruits, toast, pastries, and croissants.
All the hot items were fresh and hot.
It didn't seem like food has been sitting there for hours like most buffets.
My only wish list was for better tasting coffee and to have yogurt.

They have no idea what color a medium steak should look like.
My mother in law sent a filet back twice.
Asked twice for bread.
Had water refilled twice but not during the meal.
Asked for it specially.
Luckily the waiter Ryan discounted the bill 75%.
That's the only reason it gets 3 stars.
And please leave screaming tired children with a babysitter.
My parents and grandparents did not tolerate running through restaurants or screaming at the table.

I had the fajitas.
It was ok but nothing special.
I def think that all the food was lacking flavor..
The service was ok but the def need to work on it!
My husband had the steak sandwich he really enjoyed it!

