I am so happy that I found Tim and Absolute Pet Care to take care of my kitties while I was on vacation last month.
I have never left them before and did not like the option of boarding them where they would be confined to a cage.
I felt very comfortable with Tim - he asked questions about my cats habits and preferences that only a person with a real love for animals would think of, and was very professional in outlining what he would do for them while I was away.
My favotite thing that he did was his "report card" that he left for me showing what they had for dinner each day and.
how much they interacted with him.
I feel so lucky to have found this service and will definitely be using it again when needed.

Apollo enjoys the simple things in life... fresh water, kibble, tummy rubs, car rides with the window down, frolicking at the dog park, as well as walks and afternoon visits from Tim and the rest of the qualified pet sitters with Absolute Pet Care.
I feel lucky that we were referred to Tim (the owner of Absolute Pet Care) when we needed a pet sitter on very short notice over a holiday weekend.
Initially I was worried that we wouldn't be able to find someone who could really care for 130 pound, Great Dane (Apollo).
He's a handful.
On top of that, I expect the best when it comes to Apollo's needs and spending my hard earned money.
Once I met Tim during (practically the day before our trip), his professionalism eased my worries and he quickly became Apollo's new best friend.
I used to be a skeptic when it came to pet sitters and dog walkers, l thought it wasn't worth it.
Wrong!
It's totally worth it, the feeling of comfort is invaluable.
I trust Absolute Pet Care with everything!
Even with a nervous owner, such as myself, Tim knew what to do.
My main concern was that Apollo wouldn't adjust to a "stranger" coming inside the house, but I was wrong again!
In the free initial assessment, Tim went above and beyond my expectations, spending over an hour and a half getting to know us.
Talk about detail-oriented!
Beyond his comprehensive knowledge of pet care, Tim is one cool and friendly guy.
One thing was blatantly clear from day one - Tim genuinely loves animals.
The compassion and flexibility shown while working with a high-maintenance dog like Apollo is why this is my top pet sitting and dog walking service in the east valley.
The name of his company says it all, Tim is absolutely the best!
With customized pet care instead of pre-determined prices and set services, I never have to pay extra for things like walks or clean-up should any "accidents" occur.
Since Apollo can be unruly on a leash, Tim gave me some tips and used training techniques while walking Apollo without charging extra.
No unexpected costs at all.
Everything is clearly outlined from start to finish so I know the exact cost ans care tp expect.
They leave detailed notes for owners to read upon return, watch over the entire house and take care of all the little details, like mail, packages, etc.
Further, each pet sitter is llicensed, bonded and certified.
Should any sort of problem occur, I know someone can take care of my dog as well as my house.
Apollo enjoys spending time with Tim so much that I now use Absolute Pet Care for dog walking during the work week.
That feeling of guilt when I have a late night at work or a hectic schedule is gone.
There's nothing more I could ask for from a pet sitting company.
Yeah, I could pay a little less and go with pet boarding, a kennel, the kid next door, a neighbor or a friend, but these pet sitters are so much more!
I know this is a lengthy review, but if your a doggie parent like me, you need details.
So if your going to need a pet sitter, you absolutely should contact Absolute Pet Care, especially if you live in the Old Town, Scottsdale or Arcadia areas.
Apollo highly recommends it!

I would not trust our dog babies with anyone other than Tim.
They get so excited to see him!
His service makes us feel better about leaving the dogs behind, they're in excellent hands.
Give him a call, you will not be disappointed!

I've been relying on Tim and Absolute Pet Care since he started his business.
Tim is my dog's boyfriend - she loves him!
And I don't trust my dog with anyone, I'm so careful.
But I trust Tim and he is like a member of our family now.
He walks and plays with my girl when I can't get home and feeds her, too.
He will also spend the night if you need to be away.
Tim's always so good about trying to accommodate my last minute requests due to my job.
He also knows so much about dogs, training and their health, too so he's a great resource.
It is such a relief I don't have to worry about my dog when I know Tim is coming.
He is a wonderful person and I highly recommend him.

This review is a little late.
But so necessary.
Earlier this month, I was going on a week long vacation to Mexico and needed someone to watch my two boys.
I thought I had everything squared away and was going to have some friends stop in and check on them.
Then I realized I don't necessarily trust my friends on the weekends and would feel better having a professional come by, especially because one of my pups is a wee bit skiddish (and by wee bit, I mean a lot).
Tim was great.
I literally called probably 4 days before my trip and he came by to do the registration meeting.
I felt fully comfortable with him watching my babies.
While I was gone, I got emails updating on their status which is always assuring since I was in another country!
When I got back, the boys were happy and healthy and I had a wonderfully sweet note left on the counter.
I cannot express how grateful I am that Tim came to my rescue.
As long as I'm in his service area, I'll always be using Absolute Pet Care.
Call him now.
Don't hesitate and tell him Tiffany and General and Nino sent you!

Tim is absolutely amazing.
I am so happy we found him!
I just left my two dog babies for the first time this weekend and knew when I got home they were well taken care of!
He does a fabulous job.
He even emailed me once a day (at my request) with an update on our boys... Couldn't be more thankful!

Finding Tim and Absolute Pet Care was such a BLESSING!
Our dog had been traumatized by prior kenneling experiences, and we were planning an upcoming out-of-town trip.
Tim came to the house, had great suggestions,and got along splendidly with our difficult dog.
We completely trusted him.
I highly recommend Absolute Pet Care.

