Wendy's has always been a favorite fast food establishment of mine.
I love the burgers and they have the best fries in the industry.
But this review is for their breakfast, something relatively new for Wendy's.
I've had their new Frescuit breakfast sandwich and I'm a fan.
But at this location I found something new, a grilled panini style breakfast sandwich with eggs, sausage and cheese.
What I really liked was being able to choose a side.
I love their cottage fries, but when I saw one option was a yogurt cup, I went for that.
When I got to the plane and could finally eat, I was so impressed.
The sandwich was real tasty and the cheese was so gooey.
I saved the yogurt for later and that was really good as well.
And it was a really good value, under $4.
I'm not sure how bad for you the breakfast sandwich was, and it's prolly good that I don't have easy access to Wendy's, because I'd be eating this all the time!

I ask myself why I do this to myself... Oh ya I'm stuck at the airport in a bad mood and need to eat.
Honestly there were other options but this was quick and I could take it and sit in an anti-social corner of the airport.
So about the actual food/service.
The cashier was halfway decent.
Better than I expect at the airport.
The fries were hot and fresh but the burger was eh.... when I unwrapped it the bun was kinda soggy... Yuck.
I would say it's three stars on the scale of airport fast food.

Well, that girl we all know that is "Always Fresh" and "Always Juicy" is hanging out here at Terminal 2 at Sky Harbor Airport.
(Isn't that conflicting images?
Just Sayin'!
)  No, she isn't waiting to meet a Pilot sugar daddy.
She is here to give him some of her hot goodness.
Dave's little girl is all grown up now, even though she still has freckles and pigtails.
Of course I am talking about Wendy.
Who did you think I was talking about?
When I lived here in the Valley of the Sun 6 years ago, this Terminal was pretty sad, old and tired.
But they have done their best to update it, and add more fast food choices, like Wendy's.
I haven't tasted Wendy's Hot and Juicy offerings in a long time.
They now have many breakfast combos including an attempted upscale sausage egg melt panini.
They also have what the military would call S.O.S, or commonly known as "Sh*t On a Shingle" (Creamed chipped beef on toast).
But here it is on their biscuit, true to there southern image, although I believe their HQ is in suburban Ohio.
They have several SOS type options, including sausage and chicken.
I tried the $4.59 2 sausage and egg burrito combo.
It sounds like a great deal until you realize  that the burritos are about the size of a Milky Way bar.
Still, like Wendy, they were Fresh and Juicy.

Normally I wouldn't review a Wendy's because I think pretty much everyone has been at one time or another.
The one at Sky Harbor is quick as the come and the quality is fine.
I grab a burger for the plane if it's going to be a long flight.

So you are a captive audience in an airport, beyond the security checkpoint.
This is a fast food restaurant.
A recipe for a bad experience.
Menu is pretty generic fast food.
Prices did not seem extreme.
Service was friendly.
Good choice if you crave fast food.

Had the single cheeseburger combo for $5.99.
Experience was good.

The staff here is so great and humorous!
I had to wait forever for chicken nuggets but they threw in an extra nugget and they were nice and hot and well cooked.
Don't know why I craved fast food, but next time I am sticking to a frosty.

It's a Wendy's.
The reason I gave two stars was the cashier or "service" I received.
Maybe I happened to come on an "off" day but nonetheless, I step to order after she says "next" and she stares at me with no hello or smile or expression in her face.
Moral of the story?
I'd rather go to a vending machine where I'd get a friendlier transaction.

