Always friendly, and always great deals.

I went in to find a cocktail dress.
The dresses were located all over the store, sorted by brand.
The tricky part was I also needed something modest, with sleeves.
I wasn't finding anything.
I asked customer service rep Tracey for help.
She took me all over the store and showed me about 20 different options that met my criteria!
She was sooooo helpful!
I tried about 1/2 of them on, and in the end found the perfect dress.
I will definitely be shopping at Kohl's again!

I'm going to guess that at least a quarter of my closet is from this Kohl's location.
Every time I stop in even if I just want to browse I can't help but find amazing deals.
Yesterday I picked up a dress, two shirts, and a pair of shoes all for $25.
That's cheaper than most shirts are at certain female clothing store (and after you wash them once start to come apart!
)   There are so many racks to go through, and sometimes it takes awhile especially if you try your choices on.
But soooo worth it when you go home knowing you have a few new outfits and you didn't even have to break the bank.

I've been to this Kohls about 3-4 times now, and they have some AMAZING deals.
It's always best to go here when the stuff is on sale though, because if it's not on sale, you could be spending 40 dollars on one shirt.
When you see a sign that says "Kohls" sale, run run run to your nearest Kohls!
I bought 3 pairs of pants for about 60 bucks.
That seems expensive, but considering most female clothing stores are 50 bucks each pair of pants, 20 dollars a pair of pants (19.99 technically) is a pretty amazing deal.
The reason I am giving this four stars though, is because of those 4 times (except for the very last time) my mother and I felt as though we were being followed by one of the managers or workers.
We were looking over the shoes, and a bald manager in a purple shirt came over and pretended to be looking to see if things were tidy.
What he didn't see, is me behind my mom watching him stare at her as she tried shoes on.
Then, the next time we came in, the same guy followed me while I was looking at the 7 dollar sale ring display.
He started phoning in on his radio, and it made me feel really nervous and guilty, and I wasn't even shop lifting.
I don't like entering a store, and just because I look young, people have to stare at you like you're going to steal.
That, I consider very, very rude.
The third time, I came in with my mom (about 4 months later) and sure enough, that guy was on me like glue.
I don't know if maybe someone who looked like me got caught shop lifting in the past, and he thought I was that person, or what....but I'm actually nervous to go in that store now, because I feel like I'm going to get jumped by workers everytime I enter, for a crime I never even thought about committing, LOL.
Besides that one single guy, every other worker was kind, polite, and very helpful, as the other reviews said.
Also, I find that this one has more clothes that would look good on younger women such as myself.
A few other Kohl's I've been to tend to focus more on older women, so for the longest time I never even bothered stepping foot into a Kohls because when I did, I'd see older women's clothing and the only choices for younger women's clothing was some skimpy skirts and ugly shirts.
I'm really glad this Kohls is so close to me, because their younger women's clothing is very, very cute, and most of what I've seen lay low on the skimpiness.
Definitely take your daughter to this specific Kohls if you want to find her clothes that won't show off what shouldn't be shown!

I've had friends tell me over and over how much they love Kohl's.
As an avid thrift store shopper, I finally made the plunge and went to Kohl's.
First of all, of the clothing that they offered, I must say that I was really disappointed.
I'm a 30 something and while I'm not going to go around sporting the hipster look, I'm not ready for retirement.
Nothing I found was particularly fabulous and I ended up finding a few passable items in what I assume was the "juniors" area and quickly found out that there's a reason they have a juniors and a misses area in stores.
The pants I bought even though I went a size up from my usual size were still not big enough for me.
I'm not a teenage girl anymore I know.. but a bigger size was still so small I couldn't zip them up or even fit my thighs.
I've put in panty hose easier than these pants and everything I found was hip hugger style.
I was looking for casual office attire and instead I just looked like a 30 something trying to pathetically hold on to my youth or something.
That, however, was the bad side.
The housewares.. bedding/linens, bathroom goods, kitchenware/cookware exceeded my expectations.
If I can't find things at a thrift store, I'm either forced to look at Target or Walmart or pay the overpriced department store prices.
Not true at Kohls.
I found good quality for affordable prices and if you go at the right time and stick to the "sale" items, one can get a lot of very nice things for very little money.
I could have spent a fortune there.
I got the most beautiful duvet that although it was missing a sham from the set, it was normally $250 marked down to $54.
I walked out of there with my "savings" at around $400 and aside from the clothing which I returned all of it, I had a good experience.
Overall, I will still continue my shopping at other venues, but I will add in Kohl's to my shopping rotations when buying for the house.

This Kohl's location is nice, always neat and clean.
I love the sales, today I bought a shirt for 5.99 and another on sale for 9.99!
Can't beat that.
Upon arriving home I realized I have a coupon but no worries, you can always go back there and they will adjust your receipt.
They also have extremely hassle free, no questions asked returns!!
You can also not have your receipt without any problem.
The only thing is, for me it's kind of hit or miss, I'm over 30 so I  don't always find clothes here as a lot of it is very teen oriented or for the older woman.. there isn't really a sort of in between section..
But overall it's a nice store and when they have sales I'm sure anyone could find something.

Typical Kohls.
I do think their customer service/returns department goes above and beyond for their customers.
I had bought a few pairs of nice dress capris, only to find out they weren't allowed at work.
Unfortunately I had already taken the tags off.
Kohls still refunded me for them!

