John Normandin was awesome!
All of my friends bailed on me, so I had no choice but to hire a mover the night before our move.
John was so flexible and prompt.
He even gave us a wake-up call in the morning so we'd be ready.
There was an issue with my fridge and the water source, but John handled the situation perfectly and everything got moved faster than I expected.
He even moved my piano!
Every other mover charges extra for that!
I would definitely recommend John and Rent-A-Friend Labor Services AND I will hire them the next time I move.
Don't waste your time waiting for your friends to show up, just Rent-A-Friend!

Could not ask for better!!
John N. was simply great.
I was in a pinch and needed to move some appliances the next day, and he was a able to get me scheduled.
He had all the needed equipment (truck w/ rails, blankets, dollys, etc).
John's is strong guy too, and is able to handle all the heavy stuff well.
Friendly and his PRICES WERE UNBEATABLE!
So, go ahead and send him your business!!
You'll be happy you did.

Amazing ..... picture this- moving from KY, 3rd floor apt, husband had sprained his ankle, a 6 by 12 Uhaul trailor filled& we knew no one!
I found this company on the internet & they were available last minute(literally).
Very professional, hard working, fun, fast, careful and safe!
We were very pleased with how fast they got all those rubbermaids & furniture up those 40 steps!
We will use them again & we recommend them highly!
Give yourself a break& hire these guys!!!!!
:-)

Great experience, got everything moved from two locations for less than half the price of another moving company and in less time.
All my items were put where I asked and nothing was damaged.
Would defnately use them again.

John and associate were on time for our move, were friendly and courteous, moved everything quicker than expected.
We saved time and came in under budget.
No problems at all and nothing was broken!
Use this service!
I can't recommend them enough!

Very reliable, friendly, accommodating and understanding.
The best moving experience so far.
Guys were on time, final invoice was just like the estimate.
No hidden fees.
Will go out of their way to provide great service.
Will use them again and refer them to all my friends.

John and his friend are very helpful.
We will call them for sure if we need someone to help with our furniture next time.
We like them!

My girlfriend and I got the shaft from a different moving company, and were scrambling to find someone last minute.
John was one of the couple different people we called.
He was booked up, and couldn't help us last minute....
I can understand why.
I can only imagine anyone who has met or dealt with him has come to understand that he offers more than just a service to get things done.
Though we did not use his service this time, he was constantly in contact with my girlfriend, making sure that our second moving company was on time, what to look out for, the questions to ask, and followed up to make sure everything went well.
All just because he cares about people.
Thank you, John.
You gave my girlfriend a good piece of mind during a stressful situation.
Any time we need a service you offer, we will be calling you.

