Always excellent service and prices.

This Super Target is INCREDIBLE!
The groceries here are really fresh and good, I was very surprised!
They also carry an abundant assortment of wines, which also pleasantly surprised me, and with a Starbucks right inside and every thing else from clothes to beauty products to furniture, this is literally your one stop shop for absolutely every errand you have to run.
HUGE FAN!

Carts are always filthy.
Most kids working there are what I call "don't cares".
They need lessons in customer service.
Check your receipt as the wrong prices often ring up.
The older checkers are so slow it is painful.
The produce is bruised and pitiful.
Their meat is the more expensive than most without justification.

After going to countless stores looking for a computer chair we found the perfect one on display at this Target location.
There were no boxes for the chair under the shelf so we found an employee and she said they were out of stock!
I gave up and we decided to leave and take our chances somewhere else.
After about an hour I decided I would call this location and just see if they could find the chair at another Target near by.
I talked to the front desk person and she connected me to the same girl that helped us in the store.
She found that there was one chair at the Chander Target on AZ ave, and she gave me the phone number to call and reserve it.
Great customer service from both locations, and I got the chair, for a VERY decent price compared to some of the other stores we went to, and their items were lower quality to say the least!
Target wins.

I come here at least 3 or 4 times a week because it is so close to my house.
I usually like to cruise through all the clearance.
Everyone is alway helpful here and I can find just about anything I could need.

Clean store & the set up is always the same so its easy to navigate.

Typical Target.
I do like how they have the added benefit of a starbucks and (I believe) a Pizza Hut express.
They also have a grocery side that has a pretty good selection (produce even)!

