Its a typical McDonalds.
New and Clean.

No play area?
Bad idea when chik fil a is right down the street.
The food... Its mcdonalds  months later...
I now officially hate this location.
My 5 year old had the day off from school and I had the day off from work.
I needed my tires rotated (see my Discount Tire comments) and it was lunch time.
My son was excited to go to McDonalds, so we dropped my car off at Discount Tire and walked to McDonalds- it was very windy and he was a little annoyed.
We got to McDonalds and their debit functionality was offline.
So I had no cash on me and I had to explain to my 5 year old that we couldn't eat there.
We had to walk back to Discount Tire and cancel our rotation.
I then called another Discount Tire with food within walking distance and they were not busy- so we went there and between the call and our arrival they got slammed.
So rather than get my tires rotated there and go to Chik-Fil-A, we drove back to our local Chik-Fil-A for a wonderful lunch.
I blame McDonalds for a horrible day.

Typical McDonalds.
Its new so its clean and has a nice interior.

I dont care if it is "fast food" get it right!
Its not rocket science and yet never have I ever had my order correct when going through the drive thru.
We go every wednesday after my dogs training class at nearby petsmart and everytime we get home someones meal is messed up...
I think we are going to start going somewhere else.
Im tired of paying for the more expensive chicken meal and getting a cheap classic chicken sandwich, or asking for no-onions on the kids burgers and have to scrape them off when i get home.
Its just getting old!

The ABSOLUTE worse McDonalds EVER.....have only been here a handful of times and each and every time they have gotten my order wrong...My most recent experience was this past weekend.
The supervisor ILKA is the worst..walks around like she just does not care.
I actually got home, found my order to be wrong and I did what I had never done before...drove back and asked for my money back.
I will never go back to this McDonald again...I'm done.
I have not had this experience in ay other franchise before!!!
I also called the "Customer" phone number they provide, and I left a message but after almost a full week, no call back from anyone.
I only gave it one star because I didn't have the option of 1/2 a star or ZERO rating!!

