I would highly recommend this hike!
I was part of a group, consisting of various ages and physical abilities.
Neil was able to lead us all in a somewhat challenging, but not too difficult, and immensely rewarding, excursion.
As he had a hiking partner, Patty, join us, they were able to tailor parts of the hike to our various abilities, leading those who were interested along a slightly more difficult route in some places.
When I visit an area or city, I enjoy any opportunity to get out and experience some of the surrounding nature.
Red Rock Canyon park is beautiful and I found the geological history to be quite interesting; Neil was very informative on that topic.
As with another review, we had much-appreciated snacks at the summit of our route.
Both Neil and Patty were very patient with us, and there was never the sensation of being rushed along.
They are both so pleasant; you'll enjoy your time with them.

Without a doubt, the best attraction in Vegas is Red Rock Canyon and the only way to see it is with Neil from "Hike This".
I found this company when I was on a conference and had an extra day to burn.
I couldn't see spending the day on the strip so I called "Hike This" and was able to get in with a group on a scramble that same day.
( I was lucky because he books up very fast.
)  There were four of us and we had an amazing time!
We scrambled and hiked in and out of nooks and crannies to the most beautiful views imaginable!
Neil designed a route that would accommodate our level and although it was challenging, we never felt unsafe.
He provided backpacks, water and snacks and was brilliant in answering our many questions about the area, wildlife, geology.....Vegas shows...you name it!
I will continue to book Neil and 'Hike This" every time I am in Vegas.
It's the only way to really see "The Rocks"!

We are fit and in our early 60's, but had never hiked Red Rock Canyon near Las Vegas.
What a FABULOUS experience with Neil Sobelson of Hike This!
He is a gentle, knowledgeable guy who will pace the hike or rock scramble to your abilities.
We chose the hike and it was a delightful adventure.
Red Rock Canyon is absolutely gorgeous with colorful rock formations and awe-inspiring views.
Neil makes sure there's no stress, picking us up on time at our hotel, driving the 17-miles to Red Rock Canyon and bringing water, snacks, sunblock, even hats for those who forget them.
He answers emails promptly.
This was the highlight of our trip to Las Vegas and we highly recommend Hike This.
When you consider how expensive Las Vegas has become, the price for this half-day of fun and great exercise is a bargain!

