Professional and quality service.
Had an out of state water filtration system, Waterboy 2000 installed by Mike and his assistant from Paar Plumbing.
The initial flow unit for the Waterboy was incorrect and we received a new one before the final install.
Unfortunately, the new flow unit was larger and taller than the original and Mike had to spend time and materials to retrofit the plumbing.
Final job looked professional, fit and worked as installed.
They got the job done without a complaint.
Would use and recommend Mike from Paar!
BTW- Mike had a great drywall guy, George Rangel, that made a seamless (yep, I said that) transition from our old drywall to the new install.

It's a really good feeling when you get work done on your home that finally solves the problems you've been having!
Mike, the owner of Paar Plumbing, is so great, I had to review his company.
I was referred to him by my Dad's friend.
I had many plumbers over the years come in and sorta fix the problems (we have on our 1950's home).
Mike was the first one who SOLVED the problems.
It was messy, it was not super cheap, but it was done CORRECTLY.
He even hooked up the Ikea sink which turned out to be a huge hassle for my DIY project.
FYI-- those Ikea sinks are Euro plumbing fitted, so you have to pay to get the hookups converted (nothing about that in the catalog)!
Oh and they cleaned up things and left a great finish on things like doing the caulking right.
He was also honest about which things were long term issues and which things to not worry about.
He grew up in a plumbing family, he knows his stuff.
He also told me he prefers new install stuff the most.
I hate to even tell everyone, since it means he will be that much more busy, but I had to share.
We even high fived at the end.
Okay, that part was kinda yucky!
:) Thanks Mike (and your assistant) things are so much better now.

Mike is a nice enough guy, he just needs to manage his time more efficiently.
If you decide to use his services, you will need a lot of patience.
Just saying!

I agree that Mike needs to manage his time better.
I had an appointment for 3:30-4:00, set by Mike.
4:30 rolls around no Paar plumbing.
I called and left a message.
Mike returns the call and says he needs to re-schedule unless I wanted him to come out around 8pm.
I took time off work to be home for this and the poor planning does not help.
First impressions make a difference, this one was not very good.
I chose to call someone else.
It's great that your busy Mike, but a call is always better as soon as you know you can't make it.
I like giving my business to the locally owned, little  guys.
Good luck.

