Surprisingly good for a fast food joint!
My brother insisted I try them when I told him I'd never eaten there before.
Hesitatingly, I agreed.
I was instantly drawn in to the ginormous picture on the front window of "Memphis BBq burger" and my bro explained the whole $6 burger deal with them.
Apparently this is their moneymaker burgers and I went ahead and ordered the BBQ burger with sweet potato fries.
The burger was darn good!
It was a cheeseburger with crispy onion strings, BBQ sauce and pulled pork.
I could have used a little more of the pork but everything seemed of good quality and I was pretty impressed with this joint.
I'll stop hating on Carl Jr's from now on!!

We tried Carl's Jr. for the first time today.
This location was clean and the service was very good.
They gave us a number and delivered the food directly to our table.
They even checked on us after a few minutes.
I stuck with the chicken fingers and fries - I enjoyed the BBQ sauce but the fries were nothing special.
My husband said he really liked his burger (the famous star).
Overall I probably won't be craving this but it wasn't bad and I'd likely go back if my husband wanted it again.

It's not often I'm impressed with a fast food joint, but this place did good.
Yesterday I went to the drive through to take a burger home for dinner.
Long story short, one daughter working, the other at a movie with friends, the wife out of town.
I'm on my own....no need to cook a meal.
The girl at the drive through was friendly and courteous.
Food was prepared relatively quickly, and the best part is....they got it right!
I got exactly what I ordered!
That doesn't happen often, so I'm happy to write a good review for a burger place.

This place was probably the worst service I have ever had.
Everything I ordered came out wrong, and the girl that took my order was super rude.
I will for sure not be going back to this location.

Just got out of work, decided I'd go to Carl's.
I order my food and its descent.
But what really made me give the place two stars would be the service.
It was horrible.
Never coming back to this location.

I don't understand why the reviews are so bad.
I'm a long-timer here, so I've come to expect great service, "my pleasure", and always great food.

