Why did I even bother?
Sometimes after work, especially when I work overtime I am simply hungry and nothing is open because I get off of work at 12:30 AM.
I was starving and did not feel like cooking when I got home.
I happened to remember Carl's Jr. also sells burritos under their "Green Burrito" name so I thought I would just try it this once.
Well, it just so happened that night they weren't actually selling any of the Mexican food.
Bummer.
And I was already IN the drive-thru, sitting there with my stomach rumbling still.
I decided to go with the Carl's Jr. Six Dollar Burger combo, bringing my total to a whopping $8.68.
I don't know about other people, but paying anything over 6 bucks for something someone is handing me through a window never sits well with me.
And surprise - the burger didn't sit well with me either.
I got home and the fries were incredibly sub-par.
Just sad ass fries in general.
I didn't bother eating very many of them.
But my dogs enjoyed them.
The cheeseburger - such a joke!
I can't believe people fall for this "it's like a restaurant burger" crap.
I guess if you've never been to a restaurant and had a burger then...
Anyway the cheeseburger from the minute I picked it up was slip-sliding everywhere.
Why?
Because there was massive amounts of mayo and mustard sliming up the works.
I had to undo the burger, pick out everything, scrape off a majority of the sauces, throw out the mealy tomato, and THEN have the actual burger.
They say it's "Angus beef" - okay.
Maybe it tasted a BIT better than normal fast food burgers, but really?
NOPE..
I'd rather have McDonald's guys.
At least the fries are better.

The food is just ok....
This location they fall short on water.
Look at my picture at that small water cup.
SMH... nothing makes me mad like spending 20 to 30 bucks on food and then u ask for water and they give you a small cup of water.
Again I dont need to brush my teeth I want water to drink.
Three Stars from me.

I allowed my friends to talk me into making a Carl's Jr. run.
It was a mistake for sure.
I try and stay away from fast food as much as possible.
But, since I have a full house of drunks the last thing I want is for them to start cooking.
So, a buddy and I took everyone's orders and hit the drive thru.
I must admit, that while we were waiting in line, everything started to sound good.
Sometimes a late night burger is a perfect way to end a night.
We got there just a little before 11 pm and made our order.
It took a while for them to bring our order to the window.
We made the drive home and everyone jumped me as I walked in the door, like a pack of hyenas thinning out a herd of antelope.
The burgers were okay but I ended up paying for it a little later on.

