Ok, follow my lead in this order:  Carefully park your car (or your bike) in the Sequoya Commons lot.
Be a good citizen and return your library books at the Madison Public Library Sequoya branch.
Have a quick cup o' joe at EVP and find something fun to read.
Finish it all off with a late morning dessert at the Chocolate Shoppe!
You know what they've got here, and you know it's good.
All of it.
I highly recommend a chocolate-covered waffle cup with one scoop of something "healthy" like strawberry sorbet, and one scoop of the goods--anything chocolate.
Best enjoyed with two spoons and a handsome companion!

Two words: yippee skippee.
Love it.

The best ice cream around!
This place is the reason that I haven't been able to lose those last 5lbs but it's more than a fair trade.
It's great, it's unhealthy and everyone I know loves it.
They change the flavors around quite a bit and the sherbet  and yogurt varieties are great as well.
The store itself is new, clean and comes equipped with bathrooms.
Since it's located near a library, coffee shop, Whoops, a pet shop and, ironically, a 24-fitness gym so you're pretty much set.
Westmoreland Park is about two-blocks east of the plaza if you want a nice outdoorsy place to enjoy the goodies!

The best ice cream I have ever had.
Must be because of the super.. SUPER rich ingredients used, but holy hell this place kicked my ass.
I came here drunk a couple of times on my Madison vacation and it was very yummy.
I had the ultimate oreo 2x, the peanut butter cookie dough was delicious, and the Zoreo was overwhelming but I think everything is.. Love their "not low-fat" slogan.
Yay Wisconsin!

Fat Elvis with Hot Fudge.
Love it tender.
Then go home and sleep it off.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.

Two stars for the ice cream - I wasn't super impressed by the selection or how sticky and melted the ice cream looked.
Some of the tubs looked like they had been allowed to melt halfway and then refrozen before they were opened to be served.
One star for the dual top cones - probably the most amusing thing I saw all day.

Leave it to an overrated Madison establishment to wreck the un-wreckable: gourmet ice cream!
How??
Try this.
Keep the freezers at about 32°-for hard ice cream!
When I've asked the staff to convey the message to management (hard ice cream is supposed to be frozen, not gooey!
lickable, not slurp-able!
) the staff have on two occasions gone into excuse mode.
I didn't ask for an explanation, just that the message be delivered.
So I'm delivering it now.
One thing I do have to say, the problem is consistent.
The State Street location has this issue, as well.
But I chalked that up to it being...State Street, where they can get away with mediocrity.
I figured a neighborhood location would be better.
But no.
Not even in winter.
Oh and judging from the Chocolate Shoppe's obnoxious graphic design (did they actually pay somebody to create the visual disaster that is their in-store signage?
), I suppose the lack of care shouldn't be surprising.
Take a pint home, their upright cases seem to be running on full power.
Unlike their hand-scooped "ice" cream.
Or just go to Michaels, for some frozen custard of a proper softness.

Good ice cream!
Hope you don't get Justin as a server... That is if he comes out from behind the counter from his hiding spot, service is not his concern!

The ice cream is delicious by far, and they have a huge selection of nondairy ice creams.
I'm giving it 3 stars Because they are understaffed.
A huge line with only one person working on a Monday night in the summer.
Bad idea.

