I came here while visiting my dad.
I had to have my fill of fro-yo for the week and this is the place that my dad's family always goes to and recommended.
If I had to compare it to a place in San Francisco, I would say it's like Nubi.
I always have to try the original tart, and I also had their raspberry pomegranate (i think that's what it was).
Their fro-yo has the texture of Nubi, maybe a little bit more creamy and not as icy.
It was really cold, brain-freeze!
The raspberry flavor was very overpowering and barely a taste of the pomegranate.
We went int he middle of the day and it was empty, 2 other people were inside.
A lot of seating, seems like a good place to sit, talk, relax, hang out with friends.
Good price at $0.36/oz and they have frequency cards too.
always a good way to get you to come back.

I love love yogurt but maybe not very into this one :(   Place: very nice, couple small stables and long couch  Stuff: I like the girl more than the guy, because the girl gave me a promotion card (buy 9 get 1 free) but the guy didn't tell or ask or give me anything besides charge me :(  Price: not cheap and expensive than Yogurtland  Yogurt: more like ice cream ( I tried 5 different flavor but ..... :(  ............................. oh well ............................. whatever I say only my personal thinking :)

Over priced knock-off of other ubiquitous yogurt chains in the Las Vegas valley.
Yogurt and toppings were fine but kinda expensive.
Complacent employees and pseudo-hip decor was lame.
There are better places to get your yogurt fix.

I liked it!
Mind you, I am not a fro-yo snob.
Not in the least bit.
The only frozen yogurt I had until last year was from TCBY or DQ.
The only other chain I've been to besides TCBY is Golden Spoon.
So, the U-Swirl.
It is self serve, which I love.
I can have tons of different tastes, so this fit me pretty well.
It was very clean even though it was busy and there were a lot of families there.
The service was also pretty quick.
I like the selection of toppings, from fruit to cereal (captain crunch makes anything better).
The yogurt tasted very good, and not too artificial (the red velvet tasted exactly like cake, and was very very rich).
I thought the price was pretty good $.36/ounce, but then again, I've not been to a lot of fro-yo places.
I paid less here than I do for the same amount at Golden Spoon or a place like Coldstone, so I was happy.

Love this concept!
Place is nice and clean and they offered a toy to my kids.
The girl pulled out a basket and let them each pick a toy.
This must be their "thing" because they were able to do this at one in Henderson a few months back as well.
The couches and set up is fun and casual for sitting and eating and very condusive to kids.
The only weird thing is that the sales people need to do the samples which can be a bit difficult when they are busy.
I'm not sure if this is a health standards thing, but you can't just use the little sample cups and try them yourself even though you can fill your actual cup yourself.

I'm a HUGE Yogurtland fan so I was skeptical about this place that obviously was a knockoff.
And my friend and I would have ended up at Yogurtland but she was really seriously craving froyo...like right that second.
I live right by U-Swirl so we decided to give it a go.
I was surprised by its size and the amount of seating available.
Every time I've gone to Yogurtland I've had to eat my yogurt sitting in my car since the small amount of tables they have are always overflowing with froyo lovers.
We were pleasantly surprised by the variety in flavors and toppings.
Friend and I agree that the sweet flavors were yummier than the tart ones here.
The tart flavors here pales in comparison to other froyo places like Pinkberry, Red Mango, and Yogurtland.
My favorite flavor here is Irish Mint.
So refreshingly sweet!
The only thing that I thought was a bit weird was that when we asked for sample cups the worker dude came out from behind the register and gave us each our samples.
Made us feel like we were teenage hoodlums out to score as much free froyo as possible.
What happens if there's a line of people waiting to pay?
Do you still have to wait for him to go get you your individual samples?
Hmmm...doesn't seem very efficient.
Whatever, not my problem.
All I know is that I now have a go-to froyo place less than 2 miles from my house.
Yippee!

This is the second time I've been here.... the first time I broke my tooth on one of the mint chocolate chip morsels.
I blame it on the tooth and not the morsel so I wanted to give it another try.
I was still a little traumatized so I stuck to a fruity type of mix with no chocolate or nuts.
I had the raspberry pomegranate with the lemon ginger.
I topped it with soft items like strawberry, pineapple and coconut.
It was good but this is the only frozen yogurt place I've been to so I can't compare it to anything.
I like the mix I put together it was nice and tart.
Pros: I liked how they have a sign that shows which flavor is at which machine so I didn't have to wait long.
I also ate all my yogurt and still have all my teeth!

I went to U-Swirl last night to use a couponI had.
I had a mixture of red velvet and pumpkin (I know, the flavors don't work together, but I kept them separated pretty well in the cup).
What didn't taste as good were the blueberries on the red velvet.
That was an error.
I was pleased with my selection and with the service.
The ambiance is OK.  With the cold temperatures, it wasn't a night for enjoying sitting on the patio, so I got into one of their barstools and sat at a high table.
It was very quiet.
Two women finished their purchase and took their yogurt to go.
A father and daughter came in later.
I left while they were still filling their cups.
There was a nice selection of flavors, two of which were sugar free if that's important for you.
The toppings are standard.
The store was clean and there is a lot of paces to sit.
One thing I found funny was a sign announcing 24 hour video surveillance.
The end tag was "Please no photographs.
"  Is there some evil Yelper somewhere who is going to "case the joint" buy looking at Yelp photos so they can rob the place?
It just seemed odd!

I'm usually the Yogurtland junkie, but my friend took me here for the first time, and I really liked it.
The yogurt was more on the icy, not-so-creamy side, so it was a bit lighter.
The topping bar is amazing, it had a bit more selections and I saw that there was a cupcake frosting sauce, i didn't try it, my friend did.
But it looked really good.
They have a bit more flavors than yogurtland, my favorite was the mango and the vanilla cake.
When I went there, it was pretty empty, about 7p ish?
I was blown away by the decor in this place, I felt like I was entering a kids show movie set.
ha ha.
a theme of bubble gum drops and strawberry short cake.
ha ha.
I love the fact that they have punch cards!!

nice selection of flavors and toppings like any fro-yo place.
i found the yogurt to be a bit watery though...perhaps it was the flavors that i got (red velvet and original tart).
i also find it weird that in order to try a flavor, one of the workers has to get you the sample.
its awkward and makes it seem like they don't trust their patrons to get their own sample.
i would come back if i was in the shopping complex but there are definitely some better places to go to for fro-yo.

I take my daughter here about twice a week after school.
The red velevet is tasty but I am no froyo snob.
The staff is always super nice and friendly and they have a nice selection of toppings.
The place is super clean.
I also like that they have a lot of seating.
We went to I love yogurt and the place was so tiny we had to eat in the car.
I like not having to worry about finding a seat.

So, after a long fro-yo hiatus my fella and I were craving a little dessert after lunch in the area.
We walked in to this enormous location and proceeded to fill our cups.
I wasn't entirely impressed with their selection of flavors, but I settled for my tried and true pomegranate-raspberry with almonds and kiwi and my fella filled his with a mix of favorite flavors.
My toppings weren't as fresh as I had hoped for so that's the reason for the three star review.
The guy behind the counter was friendly and personable.
Always a plus.
Good if you're in the area.

The day i happened to walk in EVERY machine was down, but my main intention was to buy a gift card, and I was able to do JUST that.
I can't give em less than 5 stars because of tech difficulties...I have frequented this place so many damn times I lost track of how many punch cards I've gone through.
Plus the employee was friendly and helpful, and I did appreciate the signs on the door telling all they were down for the day.

Clean location with friendly service.
No complaints with the yogurt, as I am not a connoisseur...
So I haven't been to many others.
I do like this location better than Cherry on Top in Summerlin.

I'm absolutely IN LOVE with this place.
Every time I go there, the employees are kind and helpful and if there is an empty holder of topping, it's re-filled quickly.
Also, during the holiday's, they have cute little toys and stuffed animals the kids and pick from for free.
They also decorate like crazy!
You can also kick back on couches and chairs and put your feet up on the foot rests.
Absolutely love it!

If you are in desperate need for a ice cream/fro-yo fix and you can't find anywhere else to go, I guess it's Ok.
This place is HUGE inside and full of high schoolers.
I had the caramel flavor and it was good, but tasted... cheap.
I dunno.
I usually love fro-yo, but not a fan of this place.
Next time, I'll head to Dairy Queen or down to Luv-it if I need a fix of something frozen.

It's no pinkberry, but it will do.
Hmm.
Taro is my favorite.
A third less fattening than regular ice cream !

My boyfriend and I have loved to frequent this place.
He is diabetic and appreciates that they have more than one sugar-free flavor and even some toppings that he can use.
I love their cheesecake flavored frozen yogurt, but it's not the best out there.
Sometimes it's hard for me to reach all of the toppings because of the way the sneezeguard is set up.
Am I the only person with short arms?
The employees are always very friendly and it's nice that they are open late.
The seating is very comfortable and there is plenty of room to bring your friends.
Recently they got rid of the punch card program.
This is not an inexpensive treat shop so it really bums me out.
We will probably be visiting less often now because we don't feel like we're getting something back for the price tag at a later date.
I would have rathered they set a weight limit for the freebie than get rid of it altogether.

I've been to this U-swirl before and was not impressed.
Thought I'd try it again but was disgusted.
The floors were sticky, my clothes stuck to the chairs, both trashes full and the girl working was touching her nose and her hair was down which is unsanitary.
It may sound picky but other U-swirls have had great customer service and were sanitary.
A simple greeting especially in this economy goes a long way.
This U-swirl brings down the reputation of the franchises.
I feel dirty after I left and I will never come back.

Marshmallow and Cinnamon Roll sums it up for me.
This spot is probably one of my FAVES because of the FLAVES.
A nice little trendy spot located in the middle of Summerlin.
The décor is bright and vibrant and the place is really clean.
There are couches to lounge on or you can sit at their little tables.
The cost is by ounce so load the heck up!
They have a wide variety of toppings that are also included in the per ounce charge.
Again cheesecake bites are a winner for me.
This place has unique flavors that other places don't....I think that's why I prefer this place.
Might just stop by on my lunch!

Love the Cake Batter yogurt !!
I wish there was a way to sample the yogurt flavors with the lil cups but I couldn't find them and all employee's were in the back.
Very clean place and lots of choices for toppings.

Decent frozen yogurt.
The pomegranate is really good.
I like the layout of the shop.
There is plenty of room for sitting and visiting while enjoying a little FroYo.
Personally I like Yougurtland a lot better.
They are a little cheaper, and the yogurt has a little better consistency for my taste.
Good service, and a rewards plan if you are a regular.

Very nice that they are open until midnight!

When I went here, seeking some cool refreshment to offset the fire from a Dom DeMarco's Big Apple Pizza, the place was undergoing remodeling.
So, it probably has a much less Spartan atmosphere than it did when I visited a few months ago.
The frozen yogurt tasted good, but, alas, although diners had a good choice of toppings, Hot Fudge was not available, and some offered frozen yogurt flavors were rather weird.
3-1/2 stars overall on this limited visit!

Came in on a Wednesday night after driving around Summerlin in a panic, looking for fro-yo at a quarter--to-11 pm.
We dashed in as they were stacking chairs and were told we had 16 minutes to scoot outta there.
Np, just give us the sample cups and we'll be quick.
Very similar to a Yogurtland, this is a self-serve place with 12+ flavors and a full topping bar (fruits, granola, candies/poppin' boba, syrups, and crushed cookies/ chocolate chips).
I especially appreciate that they mark which yogurts are gluten-free, and that they also have a few sugar-free options (I get enough sugar from the toppings, I can handle some Splenda-enhanced fro-yo).
For the especially neurotic, they offer cup dividers if you're not keen on letting your flavors touch each other.
For people like me, you can swirl your flavors together.
$.39/ounce, and a nice area to sit down if you're there any other time than late night.
Kids running the place were friendly and nice.
Place was clean, and the fro-yo was bomb, though their tarts are less tart than a Yogurtland if that's your thing.
I actually preferred U-Swirl's.
Pending another fro-yo emergency, we'll be back.

Great place to hang out and chill.
Would be cool if they played up to date happening music.

We have been coming to this location for three years.
When we first started coming here it was clean and fully stocked.
Employees were nice and very helpful.
The past six months this place has gone downhill BAD!
Dirty every time we go, bins are all empty and filthy, yogurt machines froze up or out of order and the employees don't give a rip-always in the back doing who knows what!
Maybe that's why they brought in chocolates~tired of keeping yogurt fans happy I guess!
:-/

What's not to love about froyo?
Using the Yelp app, I've noticed an extreme lack of froyo places on the West Side, but luckily I passed this one earlier in the day and returned for a late night dessert- love how they're open til 11PM!
Location is open and airy, lots of little seating arrangements for those who choose to dine in.
Staff is friendly and there are several flavors available (about 10?
) along with a huge bar of toppings- including mochis, which garners them an extra star!
Upon check out (and they're mad cheap too- I had a huge portion for under $4), you're invited to join their loyalty club with your cell phone number, and they keep track of your purchases for credits and send you text alerts for discounts and promotions.
Bonus: they also have a chocolate shop counter inside with chocolate dipped apples and truffles!

A lot of flavors and toppings to choose from!
They even have non dairy flavors!
Yummy!
Will return to this one.
I feel like I ate a decent amount for what I paid!

