This is a nice place to have in little Maricopa.
Its the only sushi option we've got, and luckily, it does not disappoint.
Let me say right away that I have only had the rolls.
The raw stuff has eluded me, so if you're wondering about how that is, sorry...
I visit this place whenever I'm in a down mood, because the service and food here is excellent.
The prices are normal I guess for sushi places...I haven't been to any other so I don't really know.
The inside is quaint, not too frilly.
Comfortable for a meal alone or with folks.
Every roll that I have had has been above expectations.
Absolutely excellent.
I never know what to order, so I tell the guy behind the counter what I'm in the mood for and he makes several suggestions.
He has been on point each time.
Every employee there has been awesome.
The cook always smiles and waves when you come in - makes you feel very welcome.
I recommend the Maricopa roll (yup that's the name), the Dragon Roll, Killer Shrimp Roll, and the Dynamite roll.
Those are all the ones I've had so far and they are all especially tasty.
Fresh ingredients, well prepared, and great flavors.
The portion sizes are typical I suppose.
You might not get full, so you might want an appetizer.
Of these, I have only had the potstickers, which are one of the top 3 potstickers I've had.
Their menu looks plentiful, so I'm sure you could find your favorite sushi here.
If you're a Maricopan and you like Sushi, do not be afraid to go here.
Its a great place where you will feel welcome and have an awesome meal.
Zero complaints equals five stars.

I'd really like to know when this place is open because every time I go down to Maricopa to visit my mom I want to try the food.
No matter if it's morning, noon, or night they are always closed!
Sometimes I will see xmas lights on inside and I just don't understand.

We were really excited that Say Sushi re-opened, but after we came by on a Sunday and they were closed we were disappointed.
We wanted to support our small town and have dinner in town so we decided to try again.
Tonight the place was busy with only one server.
He was running around like crazy trying to help as best he could.
We ordered a dinner salad and didn't finish half.
The old dressing was rememberable, this was week and dry.
Our sushi came and it wasn't horrible, but the rice was a little dry.
When I went to the bathroom, the sink did not have hot water and was a little dirty.
This place used to be a inexpensive choice with great quality food.
Now their prices are the same as going to RA but without the atmosphere.
I don't know if we will be back!

Re-opened under new management after being closed for approx.
6 months.
Larger portions of rolls, more fish, a little less pricey.
Vast improvement .

I've been here twice since the new management took over.
I had an issue the second time, which unfortunately ruined my experience here.
On their menu they have a vegetable roll at a certain price (I believe it was $4).
I didn't want most of the ingredients in the roll, and just wanted the avocado.
The food was decent, but my trouble started after I got the bill.
They charged my almost $9 per roll.
When I asked about this, they said there was an "extra charge" for avocado only.
I asked them why they didn't tell me that when I placed my order since the extra charge wasn't on the menu.
They replied by telling me they could comp my drinks to "help out".
I told them it was offensive to suggest I couldn't afford the meal, paid the bill, and left.
Good riddance to that place.
I'd rather drive into town than deal with that BS.

I have been waiting to go here since I moved to Maricopa almost a year ago but it seemed like every time I stopped by they were closed.
Finally they got new management and somewhat normal hours so I was able to try it.
My first impression wasn't as great as I was expecting though.
I ordered a Sprite and when it came out it was just carbonation which, if you haven't tasted before, is pretty gross.
When the watiress came by again I asked for a different soda which she did bring but there was no apology for the carbonation.
I ordered the Crunch Roll and my friend ordered the Flaming Lobster Roll and the Monkey Balls as an appetizer.
My roll came out first and it was actually really good.
A few minutes later the other roll came out and it was actually on fire which was pretty cool.
Then when we were about finished with everything the "appetizer" came out.
At this point we were full so we had one and then got a to go box to take the rest.
Due to the fact that this is the only sushi place in town I'll go back for the rolls but I'll probably consider brining my own drink and appetizer if I want it to taste right and be there quickly.

Alright...
So when this place first opened it was mediocre at best.
With some new management direction and a good Sushi chef (Manny) behind the counter, it has improved vastly.
What has changed...
Hours...
It is open from lunch on....
Roll sizes...
They are more manageable in size (around) Menu...
Better selections and alphabetized!!!!
Presentation...
Proper plating is important!!
And the most important part....
The SUSHI.
Turnover is key to fresh fish and they see more of this now.
The dragon roll and the fire lobster roll are favorites...
The ingredients seem far better than before....  Well worth a try if you are local....

We are from Philadelphia and, having moved to Maricopa,  were looking for good food choices.
We stumbled upon Say Sushi and were very pleasantly surprised!
Great prices and service but more importantly very good food and portions!
We can't wait to go back!

It is official.
Say Sushi in Maricopa has begun it's final death throes.
No longer serving sushi or sashimi to order.
Say WHAT?
There is a buffet rack of mostly COOKED items and 3 low grade rolls where the bar used to be.
$12 for all you can eat.
So 3 months ago they fired a GREAT sushi chef who was the reason i kept coming back and seemed to have talent and vision.
Now they have gone to a lackluster buffet style.
Too bad.
They almost turned it around.

Ok, another new owner!!!
I've been going here for 5 years and Say Sushi has had at least 3 that I know of.
This time I think they got it right.
New and larger rolls.
Plenty of hired help.
I hope the new owners stay.
This is the best place in Maricopa by far.

I'm not a sushi expert, but this was pretty good, and the price was reasonable.

I travel to Maricopa a few times a year to look at houses.
The last time in town when we came for a closing settlement, which was a few days ago, my wife and I were looking for a sit-down place to eat, and my Real Estate agent recommended us Say Sushi.
My first impression before going inside is that it's supposed to be a large restaurant, but once we walked in, we were warmly greeted by the friendly Japanese waitress, and the place is not as big as we expected, but it's just the right size with a comfortable feeling.
We ordered the box lunches, and we were surprised about the portion and the freshness of the sashimi.
Driving into town from LA, there are plenty of good Japanese restaurants there, but not the prices of Say Sushi.
So very pleasantly surprised that this restaurant is smacked right in the middle of Maricopa.
We will sure come back the next time we vist Maricopa.

So happy with our decision to come here this evening.
Sushi in Maricopa made me a bit skeptical, but the food and service were amazing!!
Strongly suggest the monkey balls.

This is one of our favorite places to eat in Maricopa.
Always fresh, great quality sushi, friendly staff, and enjoyable experience overall.

We just moved out here to Maricopa and the food here is mostly mediocre, lots of fast food so when we walked into Say Sushi, we had low expectations.
This place is incredible!
Great sushi, and the staff is very friendly.
They have great daily happy hour specials and all day HH on Tues, Thurs, and Sat.
This is by far the best place to eat in Maricopa and is easily comparable to sushi places back home in San Diego!
We look forward to becoming regulars here.

really good sushi, good customer service and speedy.
rolls are good and decent price, they do need to add more rolls to their happy hour menu.
been here several times and never dissapoints.
i'm a happy customer

Awesome !

Okay food, but really only place in Maricopa so for what you get it is fine.
Wish it were a little cheaper though, but Sushi usually is expensive.

This place has some good sushi.
Happen to see it driving back from the casino.
I wish it was located in Phoenix.

I was a little apprehensive about ordering sushi in the absolute middle of the desert but they were actually good.
The rolls were wrapped well and neatly presented.
They even have a loyalty punch card.
I can't remember the name of that fried jalapeno roll that I had but it was amazing.
Decent Nigiri.
Good prices too!

Very nice staff, GREAT food!
Try the Monkey Balls!

Great EVERYTHING!!!
we ordered the California rolls, lettuce wraps, spring rolls and the Teriyaki beef dinner LOVED everything will be back for sure!

Say Sushi at least appears to have changed ownership several times since they opened.
While the food was good, when they first opened the interior decor was similar to what you would expect at an airport.
Sparse and uninviting.
I understand there was even a buffet there for awhile?
Well, the buffet is long gone and they have upgraded the decor vastly since the early days.
The interior is now inviting and cozy.
The food is good and the service as well.
The udon soup is great, the rolls are always well prepared, the salads and bowls are good choices, and the sushi itself is tasty.

Always good and fresh.
Great prices during happy hour.
better and bigger selection of happy hour menu has been added, great little sushi joint, one of the best I have been to.

Great food great service clean environment hands down best place to eat in Maricopa

Really fresh sushi, and nicely priced during happy hour- which is when I came in to try this place.
The staff is friendly and efficient and the sushi chef really knows his stuff; the sushi I had here are some of the best I've had in a very long time!

I want to love this place, I do.
I want to love them because they are a small business, and they have a great lettuce wrap.
(It's really, really good.
)  But I struggle, because of the service.
My first time in, I called in a to-go order about 8:30 and was told they close at nine I have to be sure to be there.
I was there.
But really?
You are getting an order from a first time customer?
Isn't that worth staying a bit late for?
Then, we went in and my family had sushi, I again, had lettuce wraps.
I ordered a salad, and not caring for seafood and having kids who are allergic, I was shocked that when I asked is it just cucumber and onion, and was given affirmation this is so, when it arrived with crab in it.
REALLY?
If that had been for one of my kids, you could have killed them.
I asked them to make a new one with no crab.
No can do.
WHAT?
You can't mix cucumbers and onions with a dressing?
No, because it has to "marinate".
Welll....okay.
The green tea is ...ummmm....green alright.
Tastes like motor oil, but it is the color green.
The fried rice is NOT fried, it is...just not.
nope.
No flavor.
We asked for some things to come out as appetizers, they didn't.
We asked for dishes that never arrived.
Everything you ask special is met with "no we can't.
"  Hmmm...  isn't the customer always right?
Then I asked if they make their own desserts...no, they microwave them.
Not at all what I wanted to hear.
My husband loves some of the sushi, so the food is not terrible for the most part.
But if you want service...you are so in the wrong place.

Love, love, love this place!
Great happy hour specials and the food is very good quality and delicious!

Tasty.
Best in Maricopa, ha ha.
Good for take away, but the dinning room smells and has for awhile.
If they fix that it would help a lot!

I mean, it's sushi in the middle of Arizona so one can't expect much.
Everything is as I would expect.
But I recommend it because it's a local small business, and they do their best to give the market a unique product.

I love sushi and have eaten all over the country but here in a little nothing town Maricopa,  AZ is this awesome hole in the wall with great people.
Great delicious fresh food with great service.
My favorite is on daily special "spicy tuna", it is a must try.
If you have people who think sushi is gross then their spicy or teriyaki chicken bowls are  fantastic..
Enjoy.

It is a great sushi restaurant no matter where  you go.
It's just good with great service.
Everything is fresh with great taste.
The test for me at any sushi place is spicy tuna - simple it tells you if the chef knows what they are doing.
Sean, the chef is fantastic.

I was so impressed by the quality and presentation of the food and large portions!
The service was also excellent!
I live near San Diego and this ranks up there to the likes of Nobu!
Definitely a great find in the middle of nowhere while on business travels!

This place is great!
I have been going here the last 5 years and watched it change several times but the current set up it great!!
The chef Sean is awesome at what he does, like an artist.
The food is and has been really good and I have yet to get anything bad there.
The waitresses that have been there for a while are great as well.
I highly recommend this place, only issue is that sometimes it is a bit cramped and can be packed at peak times for happy hour.

We love Say Sushi!
The staff is generally very welcoming, and even the chefs greet us as if we're old friends.
Happy hour is the way to go for our family, and you get very inexpensive appetizers with sake bombers!

Been here multiple times, sushi is great, never leaves me looking for more.
Would love to see them expand their drink menu beyond saki, beer and wine, but very happy to have food options other then pizza, Mexican and fast food in Maricopa!

The best sushi we have ever had.
One of our favorite restaurants.
Basically I don't like sushi any other place now.

