WOW!
If you can't have mama's cookin', you need to try this place!
After a recommendation from local family, we went there for a quick morning bite.
A breakfast burrito happily made to order, friendly staff and a small, clean, dining room that sits about 25 ... the tummy filler was hot and tasty with their homemade salsa.
There's a "salad bar" of salsas and other goodies in the center of the small room so you can customize your dish.
My family's faves are their tacos of course, nachos, carne asada burritos and albondigas soup.
I asked if TACOS was family owned/operated, of course it was.
This place is situated just South of the newly developed Maricopa commercial area.
If you blink, as you drive over some railroad tracks (from the North), you WILL miss it.
It's not because it's in a cluttered cookie-cutter modernesque outdoor mall that is now  prevalent in AZ, it simply is situated in, well, "quaint" looking AZ.. A hole-in-the-wall looking place with incredible food, TACOS N' MORE is on our Maricopa "TO-DO" list.

Has got to be the best breakfast burrito place in Maricopa!!
I have been on a vegetarian diet  lately and my favorite burrito comes without the bacon - eggs, potatoes and cheese with all their yummy salsas!
I go here usually once a week and the staff is always friendly and regardless if you are taking out or eating in they give you free chips and the salsa bar (which has tons of selections)!
Love this place :)

When my wife and I first moved to Maricopa, we were disappointed that there were very few "authentic" restaurants.
We saw Tacos N' More advertising they would be "opening soon" and we couldn't wait.
The wait was WELL worth it.
First, the food is very authentic.
I lived in Mexico for a year and this what I was missing, right down to the refrescos in glass bottles and Mexican style ice cream bars.
Second, their service is amazing.
They are the definition of family owned and operated, and they always greet you with a smile and ask "Where have you been?
" Finally, Tacos N' More is about as close as you get to home cooking because you are not limited to the menu.
The fact that they have a menu is absurd because you can order any item any way you would like it.
I always feel dumb asking "Can I get..." because they always answer "OF COURSE!
" A must dine-in for any Maricopa resident, and a great stop if you venturing through or going to the casino.

Family owned and operated, this place is solid.
The thing that sets this place apart from all the rest is how well they treat their customers, like family.
I've been there no less than 30 times and they have never "had an off day" when it comes to treating customers right.
I have had their burritos, tostadas, tamales and taquitos.
I like the carne asada taquitos the best.
There are always fresh salsas in the salsa stand.
They often offer tortilla chips if you're waiting a little longer for your order.
Plenty of drinks to choose from, all the way from Coke in a bottle to a nice selection of cervezas.
Tacos n More is a Maricopa gem.

a hole-in-the-wall joint with a great staff and simple but delicious food.
the salsa bar has a fantastic avocado salsa!
great ceviche, and the other items are served in a standard, quick-service mexican style.
order at the counter, then take your seat.
they have a large selection of bottled mexican beers and mexican-style coca-cola.
this is one of my standbys in maricopa.
it definitely beats the other greasy spoon chains.

I ventured over to Maricopa to visit some friends and found this little place.
I always like to give my business to locally owned and operated places, especially family places such as this one.
It's a cute little place, a house turned into a dining room, and it's cozy and warm.
The service was friendly and fast.
And the tacos were delicious!!
They have a lovely salsa bar with many choices but I am such a wimp when it comes to heat.
The pico de gallo was yummy and fresh and the chips were crisp and fresh too.
I don't get to Maricopa often but when I do, you will be sure I will be going back to Tacos N' More!

I have lived in Maricopa for more than 4 years and have driven by Tacos N' More numerous times but never ventured in until recently.
Of course, we again chatted with one of the owners, Mercy who was just a terrific hostess and down-to-earth great person.
Since then I have patronized them several times and the food is priced reasonably and TASTES GREAT!

My husband and I moved to Maricopa last fall and have been driving by this place every day.
We finally stopped in a few weeks ago and....yum!
Big fans of the carne asada burritos as well as the salsa bar.
This place is our favorite restaurant in Maricopa.
You should give it a try!

I don't know, maybe I hit this on an off day.
I ordered two enchiladas with carne asada, and one fish taco.
The fish taco was not solid fish, it was like chunk light fish, and smelled very fishy.
Hard to get the smell out of my office.
The enchilada meat was good, but the sauce was, I would say, just okay.
It's not horrible, but it's definitely not the best Mexican food I've ever had.
If you compare it to other Mexican food in Maricopa, probably not so bad.
But overall, not totally happy, and not sure I'm ready to give it another shot.
Very inexpensive, took about 15 minutes to get my food during lunch hour, even though I was take out.

Simply one of the best places in Maricopa to go for Mexican.
Sure, the waitstaff gets a little cranky; but, they work hard and keep the place clean.
I've had breakfast lunch and dinner here.
Food is solid, always consistently good and the price is right!
So glad they moved from their old location!
Kudos to Tacos N' More!

Very good Mexican, my favorite in town.
Reasonable prices and good variety.

It is definitely good for the price, but I didn't see quite what all the buzz is all about.
Perhaps we are all just deprived in the  culinary department out here in Copa.
In other words, there just isn't much to choose from.
The service was pleasant and fairly fast.
This is  a good place for Mexican take out, and the prices were decent.
I guess you get what you pay for here.
The burritos were good, salsa is spicy, and I will also try their breakfast menu.

Friendly service, great prices, best Mex in Maricopa

As a native of Arizona, I have been exposed to all kinds of mexican food, good and bad.
T&M is consistently very good.
Their tacos are meaty, enchiladas are tasty, and my favorite dish, loaded nachos, are the bomb!
I oredered a couple dozen tamales at christmas, and they were HUGE, and full of moist tender meat.
The owners and their staff are very friendly, and they have a loyal repeat clientele.

Great customer service, asada burro enchilada style recommendation was spot on and can't go wrong with the loaded nachos

One of the best Mexican Restaurants in Arizona!
It's delicious!
Your food is ready very quickly, it's very affordable, good customer service and the owners are very nice.
Every time I come in, they already know what I want!
They're very good to their customers and I definitely recommend this restaurant to anybody in the area.
Loaded Nachos and breakfast burritos are great.
I would give it 10 stars if I could.

Yummy food!
The workers are always nice and the food is awesome.
It isn't all greasy like other mexican resturaunts, they give you chips and they have a salsa bar so you can keep getting more items.
Great place!

Good food, nice folks.
Well worth a visit

Ok i've been coming here a lot but yesterday I will never go back.....
EVER!!
It's a shame because I loved this place and will come here every other week with my hubs.. here's what happened:  We get there and it was insanely hot inside, I thought it was just me because I am preggo but my hubs said it was a scorcher inside.
I sat down and he went to go to the salsa bar for our chips.
He was waiting in line behind some "fluffy" lady, she took too long and he sat back down.
We were both looking at her so we knew when the salsa bar was free.. and then we see her dipping chips inside the salsa bar!!
And not just a little chip she was getting gobs and gobs of it even though she is still standing there with salsa in her cups already.
She was sticking her whole hand in it it seemed like because she had salsa on her hand and we were about to call the worker over there to let her know what this customer is doing, but then we saw her double dipping her chips!!
I sat there in shock.. she double dipped!
It's now become a Seinfeld episode!
I apparently said the same thing pretty loudly because the couple in the booth behind us stopped and stared at her as well.
The worker there must have heard me, she looked at us, looked at Senorita Fluff and stood there with her mouth hanging open at the entire scene.
I thought the worker was going to tell her to stop, remove the salsa and let her be on her way but no.... the worker went up to the salsa bar, looked at her and poured fresh salsa inside the bar.
So there was new salsa mixed with fluffy germs from that customer.
The couple behind us got up and trashed their food and left.
We should have done the same thing, we just got our food and thought that since Senorita Fluff wasn't in the back cooking our food, it would be fine but my poor hubs got sick after eating.
We won't be coming back again

Great place, food and service!!
The new renovation really came out well.
I have not be disappointed after numerous visits!
One request: PLEASE TAKE DOWN THE POLITICAL SIGNS!!
I am surprised that a good business like this one would put this stuff up.
BUSINESS AND POLITICS DON'T MIX!

Good food and good atmosphere.
We have eaten here quite a few times and have enjoyed it every time.
It is not the best Mexican food in the world but its good and the best in Maricopa.

i really enjoy tacos and more, there food is impeccable and the staff and management are very helpful and polite.
I highly recommend if your in the Maricopa area to stop in and grab a bite.

I'm new to this area and needed my mexican food fix because Cinco de Mayo was on my mind.
This place is AOK in my book.
Staff was very friendly,  salsa bar was nice and cold, place was clean.
I ordered the Carne Asada burrito w/everything...which is rice, beans, cheese, pico, guac and sour cream.
Then I made it green sauce enchilada style...what do I know I'm a yankee.
It was big, affordable and most importantly tasty!
They gave me some chips to dip while I waited.
My salsa bar favs were the gaucamole salsa and the spicy(I added salt).
I'll be back.
Mari-crapa as I call it, is lucky to have a place like this.

This business started in a dumpy little building South of the tracks.
They survived by serving great food.
As they have now moved to a much nicer location, their prices seem to have gone up but I am sure that it is because of the rent that they have to pay..
I wish they had better combo meals.
The staff seems well trained, and it is clean as far as I can tell.

Tacos N More has become a standby for us here in the Copa.... Don't want fast food and don't want to drive to town - lets go have Tacos!
The staff are very friendly - the place is clean and the food is good.
We usually get to-go - having a Mexican Coke or Mike's hard while we wait.
Almost everything is available a la carte - though the beans and rice are good - I usually just go for the main course!
Carnitas - yummy.
Seasoned Pork - also yummy.
Carne Asada - has a good flavor, but I usually find a gristle piece and get grossed out (weird I know).
Ground Beef - also very good - and not your mama's orange seasoned meat but course ground and flavorful.
Tamales - delish (last time we were in there they suggested them enchilada style - yum!
)  Rolled tacos - Very good.
Hubby likes the quac - and 2.50 for a big container isn't bad at all.
Also a nice salsa bar.
I think my only complaint is the chips - they are thick and kinda stale tasting to me.
*insert catchy jingle music here*  Next time you're in the copa  - come and try some tacos!
And Moreeeeeee!

Good fajitas, burritos, rice, beans, and churros.
Fun atmosphere and Karaoke!
I enjoy this place and it's salsa bar, and I'm glad they are experiencing success.

I was excited for a new taco shop in town, WAS.
We ate there a couple times when they first opened and it was just OK, both other spots in town were better.
When I saw they had expanded, I figured they found there stride.
BOY WAS I WRONG.
Tacos, how do mess up tacos?
Gross fat chunks for one, weird flavor like it had gone sideways.
Don't even bother.

Closes without notice.
Meh, I'll  just go somewhere else more reliable.

The best mexican we have had after moving here from TX.
We never thought we would find a mexican place as good as the one we had.
Food was ready extremely quick and they were packed.
Its going to be our new regular dinner spot.
Only thing they need is a lady making the home made tortillas with beans and salsa on them when you walk in  you get one.
Other than that value was excellent, the quality was amazing and the service was on point!
Thanks Tacos N More!
We will be here again soon!

What a menu!
Tacos N More has a huge selection; quite overwhelming for first time diners.
They have tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc.
and offer many kinds of meats: chicken, ground beef, shredded beef, pork, as well as more obscure such as tongue, intestines, etc (no thanks!).
I ordered a chicken burrito with rice, beans, and sour cream as well as a shredded beef taco.
They also give you tortilla chips and have a large salsa bar.
The chips and salsa were excellent.
The shredded beef taco was also quite good, bursting with flavor.
However, my chicken burrito was not good.
The main culprit was the chicken.
My first bite contained a huge piece of cartilage, and a couple bites later I found some bones, then fat.
This continued for the rest of the burrito.
I don't know about you, but I'd rather not have to spit bones/cartilage out when trying to eat a burrito.
Service was friendly and they have the 100+ flavor Coke machine which is nice.
They also have outdoor seating, but it is pretty run down.
I may come back and try something else, but I would avoid the chicken at all costs!

The service was perfect.
The lady behind the counter was very courteous and helpful and big smile.
Orderded the enchilada and shredded beef taco and the cheddar nachos.
I was given a plate of chips and offered salsa bar while I waited for my order.
My husband is very picky about his enchiladas and he love the enchilada and the shredded beef taco!!!
I loved the nachos.
We will definitly be going back!!
Yum!!

Yuck!
Low quality food at high prices.
We won't be back.
I already said this in tips but worth mentioning again that $2.05 for a regular size fountain drink is ridiculous.
The kid's quesadilla has too much cheese that doesn't get melted all the way and the amount of grease is disgusting.

Favorite taco shop in Maricopa.
Liked them more when they were in the dive across the tracks, had a homier feel even though it was a bit of a dump...
But this place has good food, nice people running it, and reasonable prices.
They could give you a few more chips in their little chip boats though... Love their chile rellenos, their red pork is killer.
Great place to get lunch or takeout, dining area is clean though a little sterile...

I come here for their breakfast burritos.
I find them very tasty and reasonably priced.
In my opinion, a great way to start the day.
The older lady at the counter is always really friendly and always has a smile.
Haven't really had much of their lunch / dinner menu.
The first time I came here, I had lunch, a taco plate I believe.
Nothing special and seemed expensive.
It's the breakfast burritos and the friendly people that bring me back every time!

Love this place.
Great food, especially the carne asada tacos, and friendly service.
Breakfast burritos are huge and packed with meat.
It's not the cheapest food but the quality is worth the price.

