On yelp, I usually review places that already have a lot of reviews.
This is one place that I want to spread the hype on myself, because it's not a typical place people will shop.
Not that I have anything against grilling the normal fare like steaks, hot dogs, burgers, but sometimes I crave kebob from overseas.
But the issue with this is where to buy the meat, especially if you want it already marinaded.
I called a bunch of my friends in Vegas asking for a place that sells good marinated meat for kebobing/ grilling.
I gave up on this search myself because I went to a bunch of middle russian/middle eastern stores.
They didn't even have meat, or the selection was awful.
Finally someone tipped me off to a relatively new store called Max Market.
I am so happy I found this place.
The store is clean, and the owners are very very cool.
The meat selection is amazing, and there marinade is great, reminds me of the Los Angeles stores we used to go to.
Anyway, even if it's a drive, I highly recommend people to shop here.
Whether it's for their meat (highlight) or produce or random stuff you are craving (foreign beer, spices, etc.
) So happy I found this place!!

The prepared foods are eyes rolled back , heartracingly good.
This was my first time there.
I got a 1/2 lb of Hummus, a 1/2lb of boba ganouche, a spinach/philo dough pastry, 3 stuffed eggplants with a ground walnut filling (incredible), 2 quarts of sour cabbage a loaf of the most tender Barbari bread, and a vanila popyseed flavore frozen cheese desert that was like nothing I have ever had, all for $16.00!!
I feel like my visit here was a dream.
They have all sorts of Eastern European treats to try, and candies sold by the pound.
I am afraid I will go back and I will realize that this place is not real.
But I still have about 4 more meals to eat off of the 16.00 I spent.
What more can I say.
Max Market is an absolute treasure.

Great place!
My wife is from Russia and does a lot of shopping here...great stuff, would give it 5 stars if it was bigger.

Went to Max Market specifically for marinated meat, based on review by Arvin T.  I was told by the store owner that they don't have that and don't provide the service-hmm!

Great place to get some Eastern European goodies!
I was floored by the cheap olives: $2.99/pound and $3.99/pound (Whole Foods, you should be ashamed of yourself!).
The quality of said olives is very good -- hooray!
I also bought stuffed grape leaves (3 for $1) on my maiden visit and they're yummy as well.
Max Market carries a whole array of grocery items: deli products, breads, snacks, produce.
Too many things to see and taste at once....so I'll go again soon.
Shop was clean, staff is friendly enough, and the quality of products enticing.
I'll be back!

This is a great market to go to for a variety of items from Romania, Lebanon, and more.
The selection is not as much as other similar type of markets, but if you need something quick, it is convenient and has the basics.
I recently bought parsley, red onions, cilantro, Persian cucumbers, and mint.
The mint was very fresh and a generous portion.
When I go to Trader Joe's I get 1/4 the amount for 2 times the price.
I also like their parsley it was very fresh and the same for Persian cucumbers.
Anytime I buy Persian cucumbers from Glazier's, Trader Joe's, or Fresh and Easy they go bad within the next day or two.
These cucumbers were perfect.
I don't know what they do to them or where they get it, but they were good.
If I need something quick and easy, this is the place to go.
The few times I got deli items they seemed old.
I ended up throwing away the beet salad and grape leaves.
I am not sure when those were made.

Great place to get some Eastern European products!
I have a major weak spot for Bulgarian Feta cheese and this is where I get my fix!
Max Market carries an array of items.
Too many things to list...  Shop was clean, staff is friendly, and the quality of products are good.
I'll be back... tomorrow actually!

