Great Prices, very friendly & clean.
My only beef is they do not take manufacturers coupons.
They do send $5.00 off and $10.00 off in the mail though.

I love this Fresh & Easy.
They always have great deals and if you sign up on the website they send you really good coupons - Buy 30 and get 6 off or buy 50 get 10 off.
I also like their stuff because they are different and don't contain so much chemicals or artificial flavors.
They have a good wine selection and the wines are cheap and taste really good.
Also, they offer samples of their seasonal products in the store.
:) The staff is nice and always friendly and helpful.

Fresh everything!!
and I love their clearance section!!
i can always find what i need for dinner as well as freezing the almost out dated stuff aka veggies... there is one thing i am not a huge fan of... there is an employee there I have no idea what her name is but she is rude every time my husband and I go!!
I even try not to go when she is working...
The morning staff is always SOOOO peppy and happy but this girl just seems like she hates life!...

This little store is great.
Good prices and really friendly service from the people there.
It's funny when I walk in, I'm always greeted like a regular at cheers or something.
Highly recommend.

Great food at sick prices.
Their take home pizzas are bomb

I love this market!
The vegetables & fruits are always fresh & reasonably priced.
The sales associates are very helpful & friendly to boot!

I love this place!!
Great fresh food and the prices are so good!
The workers there are so nice and help you with anything.
They almost always have someone giving out samples.
Also if it is fresh and easy brand and you want to know what something tastes like they will sample it for you!

My friends and I have shortened the name of this place to "The Freasy" because we go here so much and get awesome stuff!!
"Did you make this awesome cheese dip?
"  - a friend to me "Why, no, I bought it at the Freasy for like a buck!!
"  - me to my friend  Dee, Diane and Sylvia are always friendly and helpful.
And they know me by name.
Try the Tomato Basil Soup, the BBQ Chicken Pizza, the Grill Packs, and the Parfaits, just to name a few of the legit items in this oasis in the desert!

This will never be my regular grocery store as its nowhere near my residences but its near my GFs and I thought may be a good place to stop in for a loaf of Jalapeno cheese bread.
I asked and the employee explained they didn't make that style of bread at their location (DAMN) and gave me a few other locations I could try.
The produce here was top notch and I could see myself upgrading to this store had they made that bread but all in all I can go elsewhere for my bread and get my produce selection.

I happen to like Fresh & Easy and frequent it more than any other grocery chain.
When my fiancé can't take me on base to grocery shop, I always hit up this F&E.
I find the same quality of service and health-conscious options such as my old F&E in Henderson.
The Friends points help too; a free card that allows you to accumulate points into "cash" redeemable towards your purchase.
I've hit the 500 pt 3x easily now and saved a few bucks on my groceries.

First of all, I love F&E, but I'm writing this today with three stars because of the recent changes that have taken place.
They've gotten rid of the clearance section for groceries and have integrated the clearance items within their designated areas.
So, this means that both clearance and regular items are on the same shelves, and you're only made aware of the discounted items by a yellow sign.
However, you've got to dig for them, pushing the regular priced items around and making a mess.
Plus, there is no indication when the clearance items are all gone, and sometimes, you'll push around items to look for the discounted items, and they're no longer there.
I was informed by a staff worker that the discounted items will only receive one markdown, as opposed to three markdowns should the item/s not sell by day's end.
Their ground beef has gone up as well as the nuts they sell.
In fact, a lot of items have gone up.
I haven't seen a F&E coupon in their circulars going on a couple of weeks now, too.
They've got great quality products, and I'm not taking that away from them, but more waste will result by getting rid of the section with clearance items.
Sometimes, you discover an item by accident on clearance and wish to try it, and I certainly don't have the time to rummage through each section on a shelf looking for clearance items that may or may not be there.
This particular store has recently changed their hours and have gone to being open 24 hours.
I'm not sure if that decision has had a trickling effect on the increase in prices.
I know this:  I will be shopping there less frequently, and that does really sadden me, because while I value the quality items they put out, at the end of the day, my pocketbook dictates my grocery store loyalty.

1 of my all-time fave supermarkets!
Try to swing by after 7pm for the 1/2 off today's specials such as the sandwiches and salads.
Plus, now they are 24 hrs!

