I *THINK* I've been here.
I know I've done karaoke at a tiny little dive bar on Sahara, and I think this is the place, but I'm not 100% sure.
I know my friends and I were looking for a place to do karaoke, and after hunting the web, I found this place (or some other bar).
We checked out Squiggy's (or some other bar) and there were about 15 people here, so we pretty much doubled the attendance.
Karaoke host at Squiggy's (or some other bar) wasn't pretentious like some other karaoke hosts, and the bartender was pretty friendly.
The clientle here (or some other bar) was a bit off, though.

Sure I was dragged here kicking and screaming to this place...A cover charge for some music that wasnt my liking...what the heck?!
I demand a refund!
The parking is horrendous!!!
Its highly likely that I will not return to this place

Used to come here all the time when it was Squiggy's.
In response to the "Goth Karaoke" information, yeah, it was off the hook!
I spent the greater part of Wednesdays & Sundays here.
Good times, right guys?
Well, I went back recently.
It's about 10x cleaner in there (if you can believe it) and it looks like they tried to make it a more "hip" scene.
Didn't care for it.
.mostly because the bartenders that made it awesome weren't there any more.
I hecka miss the "Irish-Spartan-Nazi-in-a-Kilt" shot and the "Atomic Rainbow".
Other than that, the karaoke is now ok, a lot of country music and drunk tourists, but meh.
Change in inevitable, right?

Went in here with my g/f for karaoke on a Friday night.
There was a good crowd, and the bartender was super nice and attentive.
Here's an example of how cool the bartender was:  When I arrived I ordered a couple of beers from their draft selection (which was pretty limited, but at $2 a glass I'm not going to complain).
When I went to pay I was told the bar was cash only.
"No problem, where's the ATM?
" the bartender points and says "Sorry man, it's out of service right now.
That's my bad, this round is on me.
" Totally unnecessary of him, and a lot of places I've been they would have been real dicks about it.
I walked the couple hundred feet to a nearby convenience store, got some cash, and the rest of the evening was perfectly enjoyable.

We went here for some Karaoke on my husbands b-day.
We love the dive bar scene so it was perfect for us.
I should say right away that this is a CASH ONLY bar!
They have an ATM (fees are 2 or 3 dollars I think) and there's convenience store in walking distance but the area is shady.
So I suggest you bring cash in case the ATM is down!
Karaoke started a little late but it was worth it.
The DJ was fun and the crowd was good too.
She let my husband sing and have a little more stage time than normal because it was his birthday.
The crowd sang some awesome songs and everyone was super friendly!
We felt like we had been going there for years.
Drinks were cheap and the bartender was really nice!
They have a small menu but everything on it is 5 bucks.
One of my friends got chicken fingers and the other one got the steak.
Both were amazing!
Home made and yummy.
They had a drink special (3 dollar tequila shots...gag!
) and a round of drinks for 3 people was 13 bucks (everyone had a shot and a drink).
Not too shabby if ya ask me.
We would totally go here again, especially for Karaoke!

I don't know man.
My dude and I came in here for some drinks before our reservation over at Herbs & Rye and as soon as I walked in I had a bad vibe.
I thought the bartender was friendly but the crowd was pretty shifty.
A random guy came over and just started bragging about his job and the people he worked with.
A woman from across the bar kept looking over at me, even after I gave her a good stare down.
The best part was that 2 beers and 2 shots of Jameson came in under $10-15.
I like my drinks cheap and this place did that for me, but I also like to be comfortable in my surroundings.
Not sure if I'd come back.

Cool place to watch Raider games during the season!!
$10 dollar buckets of domestic abd $12 for imports.
Loud and crazy bunch with a live DJ that plays old school west coast rap during the commercials and TD's.

This place is fun, cheap, and has the best bar food I've had (in a bar).
Now this place may not be for everyone, if your looking for an upscale place to buy $15drinks and is full of "pretty people" then this is not the place for you.
If on the other hand you want a fun chill neighborhood bar that has awesome friendly service, plenty of TVs for game days, free pool, fun karaoke (a dollar a choice on the touch-tunes juke/Karoke machine, hosted Karaoke on Wednesdays) cheapest drinks I can find in town, with friendly customers that will actually talk to you and aren't douche bags, and super yummy food....then this is the place.
According to previous reviews, this is a cash only bar, not true, I use my card in there.
Smokes are only 6 bucks in the cig machine.
The food menus is limited but way cheap and exceptional.
The cheese burger is only 4 bucks and is better then most burgers anywhere in town.
The steak, don't let the 8dollar price steer u away, it's a better steak than you get at red lobster or sizzler for 3 times the price, Great cut and cooked to perfection.
Fingers, wings, Cesar chicken salad and pizza is good too(3bucks after midnight for an entire pizza?!
Score) haven't tried the shrimp yet.
and most drinks are only 3,4 or 5 bucks.
Coldest beer in town complete with frozen mugs.
Seems like lots of regulars in there but they've all been cool to me the few times I been there.
If it was closer to my house I would most likely be a regular too if for the food and service alone.

The bartender on Monday and Tuesday swing is fun and entertaining.
Always a good time.
the pool table is always free and the band on Tuesdays is off the chain with no cover charge.
Great steak too.

