Wow, this is a GREAT new bar, dance club and restaurant/cafe, that just opened up (August 2009) in Madison on the East Side.
The decor is chic, lighting fantastic and best of all--- the music is hot and the drinks are BIG!
We've needed something like this in Madison for a long-time, so Plan B is a welcome (very welcome!
) addition to the Madison nightlife scene and a great place to hang out.
The place is supposedly a gay dance club (according to their website.
) I've been there four (4) times already and it I'd say it is straight-friendly, more than gay, as the place is packed w/open-minded, hot looking people of all ages and sexuality.
And, besides, this is Madison.
Who cares about who you sleep with?
:)   Plan B is about having fun and everyone is super-friendly: from the patrons packing the bar (think the Cheers Bar from the TV show, but better looking!
:)  ) to the friendly bar staff.
Those of us who live in Madison, no longer have to go to Chicago to have fun and dance!
And, there's even a free parking lot next door.

I'm surprised to see the overall low rating.
Let me chime in to shine the light on the good side.
Saturday night - while Cardinal Bar was empty as a desert, Plan B was packed with fun-seeking people.
Thumbs up for keeping it busy, because who wants to dance on the empty floor?
The cover on Saturday night was $5.
Which, is not bad at all.
Really, people, I know it's Madison, but $5 is a reasonable price.
More importantly, once you're inside, you just have to let it go and have fun so that the $5 was well worth it.
Easy to do.
It's not the best club ever.
If you want the best club ever, then you should probably head out to a bigger city.
But if you're ready to make the best of situation and simply want to have a good dance-off with your friends, Plan B is there for you :)

Good.... for Madison (ouch, sorry!).
Went on a Thursday night - which is college night (18+), but wasn't overwhelmed by highschoolers.
Instead, I thought most of the clientelle was around my age - mid twenties.
And there were a lot of hot gay guys there.
Not exactly the best scene to meet someone for me, but what else is there to expect at a gay dance club?
However, I did quite enjoy watching the shirtless (toned, hot) male bartenders...even if they would never screw me (undetermined).
Good dance music (hip hop and pop that wasn't spectacular, but solid), nice crowd, cool set-up, etc.
My biggest gripe is really the overpriced drinks.
I'll definitely be going again.

There was a lot of talk about plan b when I visited Madison for the weekend.
At first I thought it was a parenting/birth control center, but then realized it was a new gay bar.
So I'm not to sure If I like the name.
The inside of the bar was alright, I really liked the wood detailing on the left side on the main bar.
the back dance floor area seemed a little odd only because it was almost too large and the ceilings were low.
I went to the bar and ordered a cocktail, my usual gin Tom Collins.
The service was terribly slow and I waited well over 10 minutes for a bartender to acknowledge me, and the bar wasn't even packed on all sides!
I think maybe because the bar is new the bartenders don't have a system down yet.
something like "this corner" or "these 10 seats" are mine deal works good.
I took away two stars for slow service but I might try this place again once they're a little more experienced.

Finally an amazing place to dance.
It's got awesome paintings on the walls.
The staff seems to love working there.
It feeds the energy of the dance party.
A huge place to dance and places to rest too!

Plan B has got it going on, especially for Madison.
The place is well-designed with a lounge area up front and a dance floor in the back.
I love the modern, sleek feel of the place.
I've never had a problem with a line, but I tend to get there pretty early in the night (around 10 or so).
I think cover ($5) goes into effect at 9pm, but it could be 9:30.
The dj seems to be best on Thursday night, but the weekend music isn't bad -- typically a decent mix of retro (Madonna, Michael Jackson) and new (lots of Gaga).
On the weekends it tends to be close to a 50-50 mix of gay and straight, while on the weekdays it seems more queer.
I'm queer, but often come here with straight friends as well.
The only annoying thing is when the place gets overrun with bachelorette parties.
No, I'm not going to buy a lollipop from you to pay for your friend's wedding until I have the same rights, damnit!
I've been here maybe 6 or 7 times, and never had slow service at the bar, so it seems they've probably got that glitch figured out.
Overall it's a fun place, and I'm glad it's here.
And yes, the name is awkward.

So...I woke up Saturday morning with yellow highlighter all over my arms, champagne on my pants and bruises galore from slipping on the aforementioned champagne on the dance floor.
Seems like I had a good night!
Plan b: 1.
Nikki : 0.

Love the layout of the place, and the drinks were fairly reasonably priced, but the night I was there the DJ was a little too creative.
In total though, great place!

so, you know, the name alone deserves three stars.
AND DUDE, THERE'S A SMOKE MACHINE!
we went on a saturday night and it was disappointingly empty.
there were small clusters of people here and there, so the dancefloor felt like a junior high dance.
the music was more of a miss than a hit.
but you know what?
i had a fucking blast.
as tim gunn would say, i "make it work.

It's fun, even for an old, straight fart like me.
Great dance floor, interesting people watching.
Drinks are a little pricey as I recall.

Went to their HalloQueen party and had a ton of fun.
The place is nothing special but the music was loud and the drinks were tasty.
:)    Great mix of people that it draws!
Will definitely go back to dance!

This venue is the definition of drama.
Too many queer-bots and queens.
Enjoy your cut-throat evening!

I should preface this review by saying that I'm not really all that into dancing.
Or club.
So I guess take this review with a grain of salt.
But I will say that it will take you forEVER to get a drink.
That would be true if there was dancing or not.
Its really kind of frustrating.

I love Plan B, it's east side, but makes me feel like I'm in a city bigger than Madison.
Strong drinks, friendly service and everyone I'm with gay or straight usually gets a number.
Everyone just seems really friendly there.
Definitely a good time.

The problems with "Plan B," beyond the awful name itself are: overpriced cover charge, tacky, surly/obnoxious door staff, tacky, sticky floors and bar counters, tacky, the need to fight your way through the apparently prepubescent set on the chicken ni- er, sorry, 18+ night, tacky, overpriced and impotable drinks, tacky, terrible TERRIBLE uninteresting and hopelessly mainstream music and, oh, the fact that this place is simply irredeemably tacky.
Just godawful.
Not to mention how it overruns a several-block area of a really nice Isthmus neighborhood.
Every single bad gay bar cliché plays itself out here:  GoGo dancers on speakers, shirtless spritzhead "boyz" behind the bar, tons of (ostensibly) straight people either ogling or carrying on with each other - etc.
This place feels like a small town's fantasy of what a big city club should be like.
Or perhaps like a set from the L Word, about five years ago.
Avoid.

It's a gay club with all the gay club things you'd expect.
If you're looking to just get sweaty to generic gay beats with poppers clinking in your pockets, the dance floor at Plan B is a good place to do that.
If not, try the Bayou or Genna's.
Good luck getting a drink, even if you're sitting at the bar staring right at the bartender with money raised in the air for 30 minutes.
And good luck not regretting paying that ridiculous cover charge to get in someplace packed with heterosexual couples who love ogling you and your friends.

I don't remember much of this place, however I do have to agree with some of the reviews about waiting for a long time to get a drink.
Cover was $5 on a Sat.
night so coming from Chicago is really nothing.
Music suck and some of the bartenders need to put their shirts back on.
I can't wait to party with the college kids again!

But what could compel this person who has been pestered by friends to write yelp reviews for years to finally write (and, disclaimer, this might be the only review I write)?
Well....
So I'm new in town and some friends are visiting and want to check out the queer dance party scene.
The Isthmus suggests Plan B.
The Plan B website confirms that this is a good idea, once I google "Plan B Madison" instead of just "Plan B.
" We go.
We find...  (yadda yadda the space is good, the drinks are reasonable, the lighting has some good things about it, the crowd is refreshingly diverse in terms of age, it seems, yes, butand it is a Not Sketchy Place.
The last counts for a whole lot, to be fair.
)  I am the most glittery person there.
Okay, I can accept this one; it's not Chicago's Chances Dances, where I'm spoiled by the sparkly masses, and I don't normally wear that many sequins anyways.
So this is a totally workable issue (tubes-of-glitter-workable).
Onward!
The place that bills itself as *the* gay bar in Madison has mostly straight, gender-normative people!
I can sort of accept this, it's Not Chicago and so Everyone goes to the clubs, queer and straight and otherwise, and that's actually really awesome.
Kind of a Lot of people in hetero-couple-seeming-situations making out and grinding with each other in heterogendernormative ways, though.
Maybe it's an off night?
Nope, it's Pride Weekend!
So, yeah, a little much, not what we'd expected but okay, burlesque show yes yes yes thank you.
Onward!
The music seems to fall into the genres of repetitive techno/trance and pop-y-stuff-made-even-more-repetitive-by-making-3-minute-songs-last-10-minutes.
Some more diversity within these genres would be nice, and perhaps expanding into "less repetitive techno/trance" and "just plain pop-y stuff" would be good next steps.
Whatever, not terrible.
but but but Onward!
Dear Plan B Please Do Not Ever Play A Mashup Of Journey And Lady Gaga Again.
Aside-- I know, if you didn't hear it, it's one of those things that seems like it could be so bad that it's awesome.
Like jumping in a freezing cold lake after rubbing your skin with capsaicin (hey spellcheck, capsaicin is totally a word!
), or something.
It's not.
Please.
And I don't know anything about these stars, just writing this in the vain vain hope that it will come to be, so I'm just copying what the nearest reviews put, although "Eek!
" is closest given the last and Not Sketchy is worth So Many Stars.
But "Eek!...
" seems cruel and, on the other hand, the MOJALG prevents any further kindness.
Or consciousness, for that matter.
Don't ask me what songs they were.
I'm hard at work repressing.

For Madison this place is excellent, for those of us that live in large cities it is not fabulous.
At least it is in the city and you don't have to drive to get to the place.
And the interiors are nice.
You would do great in Boston!
On the downside, for a gay bar, 70% of the patrons are straight gals from Lodi celebrating someone getting married.
Not that there is anything wrong with that.
Oh Madison.
It was great to visit, but I am thankful I don't actually live there.

Pricey cover charge on Thursday (18+ night), not very clean, and the dance floor is small and got crowded very quickly.

I've been here on several occasions.
Some nights are good, others downright awful.
It depends partially on the crowd.
When there's plenty of people on the dance floor, its a good time.
When there's less people the experience tends to be disappointing.
The drinks are overpriced.
And the bartenders aren't always attentive, but this is tolerable when the crowd is good.
Rumor has it that this place is slowly become more of a "str8 girl bar" and it's sort of true.
Last time I went there was more straight couples there.
I'm no hetrophob but I come to a gay bar in hopes of meeting cute guys who are also gay.
I'll still go to this place because its otherwise the only gay club in town.

it can be fun sometimes but other times it really sux.
The bartenders not always nice.
The most hot n cold gaty bar in madison.
Somenights such as thursday it is overrun with straight girls and guys who think they can get with them.
Just because it is a gay bar doesnt mean you can scam on my friends.
ugggh I want to like you Plan b but you are not consistently fun and for that bad review.

The drinks are good, and service is spot on when the place isn't super crowded.
The music can be hit or miss.
Sometimes it's awesome, and sometimes not.
All in all an okay place.

For Madison, this place is all right.
One of the few actually "clubs" that I've found in Madison.
Cheap cover charge, and it seems that they only start charging after a certain time on certain days.
Cheap drinks, heavy pours.
Great music and a good size dance floor.
Diverse crowd, not just a gay bar.
And the fact that it's a block from my house is nice!

I've been going to Plan B since my freshman year in college, on baby night (Thurs), and it, 3 years later, is still my favorite club/bar in Madison.
They keep it classy, but fun.
The bartenders are great, so are the dancers (shout out to Spiderman!!).
It's a safe, fun place to go out, dance, have a couple of drinks and meet some fun people!

Waiting in line to pay a cover to find the place almost empty.
I can not say how bad the music is here.
Painfully bad.
Have friends over, buy some vodka and turn on the radio.. You'll have a better time at home.
Unless ur a Evensville bride to be.
Then come and be offensive to the few gays that are there.

I have to echo may of the other reviews - the drinks are fantastic and very reasonably priced, and the crowd is indeed diverse and fun...
I attended an after party for the Mad Rollin' Dolls this past weekend and I had a blast.
I'm not much of a club guy, but Plan B was a pleasant surprise.
Ups: - Indoor waiting area (if the club is full, you can wait inline while protected from the elements - Coat check!!
I love coat checks!!
$2 to ensure sure your stuff is safe and secure?
Duh!
- Cheap drinks (3 mixers & a tap were $12) - Great drinks (gin + ginger beer may  be my new fave) - Good selection of brews (Magic Hat on tap?
Awesome) - Good music - Entertaining environment   Downs: - None that I can think of; I'll be back fo sho!

I think this is the first gay club I've been to with such a high % of non-gay folks.
On one hand, I'm glad everyone is comfortable to come to a gay club, of course, I think that's great and what we call "progress".
On the other hand it sure says something about women in particular not feeling safe/comfortable in (for lack of a better word) "straight" dance clubs.
Non-gay men, take note - your club behavior drives women away from non-gay dance clubs to places where they can safely have fun without someone coming up and grinding on them from behind without permission.
No.
That's not okay.
But I digress.
Plan B was fine, I would go back if I had people in town who wanted to dance.
I probably wouldn't head here on a regular basis simply because I didn't love the music.
I enjoy Top 40 but I don't need a techno-beat attached to everything.
Sometimes sing-a-longs are fun just as they were written.
Well-drinks were cheap ($3) and strong; Someone missed the memo that if you're going to upcharge for "on the rocks" you  need to actually also put more liquor in that cup too  (Jack = $7.50 and not particularly generous).
Sigh.
The dance floor was large so there was plenty of space on this Saturday night to not knock elbows with everyone else.
Cover was $5 and there was no line at 10pm when we arrived.
Perhaps the cover charge could go towards some minor bathroom repairs - they were in rough shape with stall doors that don't lock and toilet paper rolls precariously stuck wherever they'd fit, as there were no holders.
BOTTOM LINE: I liked the crowd and the dance floor was decent sized.
I wouldn't go out of my way to go back but wouldn't object if out-of-towners wanted to hit the dance floor.

Seems to draw a mixed crowd from campus.
Strictly for dancing, not meeting new people.
The music is exuberant, but not especially adventurous or trance-inducing.
Absolutely zero for the mature gay.
No inter-generational mingling or campy boisterousness.
From what I can tell, most patrons seem to be meeting up with friends.
If you come alone, you will probably leave alone.

Don't be fooled this is more than just a gay bar.
Plan B becomes a home in no time... the staff treat everybody awesomely , the music is always kickin , drinks are flowing and yummy as hell.
The owners do a heck of a job at outreach with the community and not just the gay community.
There a great addition to the Willy Street neighborhood and while I could be a little biased I still say it's the best nightclub in town.

I went here not really knowing what to expect other than it's a gay bar.
To say the least, it's pretty entertaining.
I liked the music selection and had a great time dancing with friends, and come 11:30ish on a Saturday they start having some very fit guys dancing up on pedestals in nothing but boxer briefs and serving shots.
I think around midnight there was also a mini drag show.
My only qualm with this place is that there weren't really that many people on the dance floor on a Saturday night so it felt a little empty, and it didn't really seem like a good place to meet new people, which I kind of feel like is one of the points of going to the bar in the first place.

Not.
Fan.
Don't believe me?
Ask Steven or Liz (not Steve L or Liz B, but Steven V and Liz H) they've had the unfortunate task of witnessing me throwing a temper tantrum on more than one occasion at the door.
(But they like, and I like them, and so I go.
)  Why?
BECAUSE THEY CHARGE A COVER!
Even if it's 1:30 and they stop serving at 2am.
(I almost left this weekend).
Why does this irk me?
Because when I pay for something, in this case, to walk inside the door, with that exchange of my hard earned cash comes the expectation I'm going to get something in return.
And what do I get for my $5?
A bathroom situation that's an unfortunate cross between a slip-n-slide and a bad Friends re-run all about Joey... "how you doin?
" Seriously, can someone mop that floor?
It's not safe and it's just plain gross.
Couple that with the lurkers that think it's ok to watch me urinate, keep staring and I'm going to stare back, and you know what's going to happen?
(Figure it out, when I turn, my whole body comes with me.
)  2.
Bartenders working for tips find it more important to werk than work.
I just want a drink, and I'm already pissed that I paid five bucks for nothing, so get his/her number later and get me alcohol.
Cups on the ground.
(Why are their plastic cups on the ground?
Always?
This isn't Woodstock/SXSW/or anything as cool.
)   I'll stop there.
I did ask once why there's a cover and I was told, "it keeps the riff-raff out.
" Not true.
I've been, I've seen, the riff-raff find their way in.
You know who doesn't charge a cover and isn't concerned with riff-raff?
Every other bar in Madison.
$5 to get in + $3 to check my coat =  $8 to wish I was somewhere else.

Was there 6/22/13.
$10 cover and TV monitors were pulling in "No Signal".
Even the staff chuckled when I pointed this out during my exit.

Wow!
Being a gay bar that welcomes everyone is wonderful but if your a women be prepared to be ignored by the bartender.
Tried to get a beer waited for 20 minutes in a slow bar and choose to leave no reason to wait since he's to focused hitting on guys to serve his costumers.

People-watch the heck outta this place and thank me later.
Or people-engage and find even more of a story.
I went here for a New Year's party, ate Swedish meatballs and listened to a guy on cocaine (self-proclaimed) jitter on about unrequited love.
It put my life into perspective.
And by "it", I mean the Swedish meatballs.
Avoid 18+ Thursdays if you'd prefer not feeling like you're about to make a barely legal mistake.
[Oh my gosh, Katie - gross!
I'm just kidding.
But seriously.
] Somehow, even though I'm now 25, somewhat established and equipped with enough feminine wiles to last me 2 lifetimes, high schoolers scare me.
It's their judgmental eyes; they see right through to my former chubby girl core.
They host decent adult trivia on Tuesdays.
The crowd was small but the drag queen host was sassy.
They also hosted lube wrestling last weekend apparently.
You've now got a lot to think about.

By far the best place in Madison to go dancing.
Music is hit or miss, but generally good enough to get me on the dance floor (which usually doesn't get rolling until at least 11 or 12).
I'm prob the type of person that people are annoyed are filling the "gay" club... a straight woman with a bunch of her straight girl friends.
But the crowd is mixed and we always have a fun time.
Friday nights there is no cover, which is great.
Saturday it is $5, which people really shouldn't complain about, esp when there are good looking fellas dancing in their skivvies.
Drinks are affordable (great specials on Friday) and I've never had a hard time getting served.

YAY FOR BEING THE ONLY PLACE IN MADISON TO CHARGE A COVER THAT DOESN'T INVOLVE PIANO DUELS TO THE DEATH!!
At least this place looks like a real club, and has a large enough dance floor to accommodate people.
I was only here briefly on a Saturday night, but it looks like it has the potential to be fun.
Make sure you're with a bunch of friends though, and you pregame beforehand (though their drinks are plenty strong) if you do plan on coming here.
The service was spectacular.
Well, spectacularly slow, but it's something right?
Anyways, I honestly think Madison just needs one nice club where I can dress up for and get all fancy.
Because let's be honest, my bowties are awesome, and I need to wear them more.

My friend Sarah is all about paying the cover charge and tipping.
Well, she was denied entry unless she removed her hat.
The door person told her, her hat was gang affiliated.
Sarah should me her hat and there was nothing about it that resembled a gang sign.
What a poor excuse for a predominantly male gay bar.
Booo!

"dj" does not make his own remix and plays songs regularly.
the bartenders know how to hustle.
paid 5 dollar cash for a drink and when I decided to open a tab, I ended up getting two drinks of the same that ended up charging me 15 dollars.
to rub it in, my credit card statement says they charged me 18 dollars.
what a rip off by stealing another 5 dollars for nothing.

Plan B is one of my favorite places for a night out, and I can't think of too many flaws with it, especially when compared to other clubs that I have been to.
There's 4 factors that determine my liking of a club: The staff, the crowd, the prices, and the dance floor.
The staff for me gets a big thumbs up.
Everyone i've interacted with has been nice, and respectful of you and your space.
I've seen some of the staff get annoyed, but often for good reasons (i.e: Someone trying to get in without an ID).
The crowd is a bit more of a mixed bag, but still overall fine.
It depends on the day that you go.
I've found the crowd to be the most immature on Thursdays, which is their 18+ night.
This means there's a lot of bumpin' and grindin' and liveliness, but it's somewhat annoying at times.
Every day of the week has their fair share of creepy people who are just there to hit on people (I know it's a club, but it makes some people uncomfortable, so please be a tiny bit less overt about why you're there!).
The best day to go in on Friday I believe.
You get the big crowd that Thursdays draw in, but the people there are more down to earth.
The prices are like the crowd in that there's some flaws, but it's fine overall.
The drink prices are very good for a club, and the drinks are strong.
It eliminates some of the desire to pre-game before going, because you can just get a $4 Long Island (on Thursdays) or some good vodka mixers (on Fridays), and you'll be good to go.
Most nights have a cover, however, and sometimes that cover doesn't feel like you're paying for much.
The cover is never more than $10, though.
Some other reviews have noted that they weren't fans of this.
I can understand their plight to an extent, but compared to other clubs i've been to (i.e The MID in Chicago), this is an extremely tame cover price.
This cover helps pay for the dancers/entertainers (beyond the tips they get), so i'm not usually opposed to it.
Finally, the dance floor is great, depending on the day.
The floor itself is large, and can pack a lot of people.
It has a raised platform in front, plenty of flashing lights, the occasional fog blast, etc.
It's pretty much what you'd want in a club.
The music depends on the day of the week usually.
The Thursday music is always pop-oriented to cater to the 18+ kids.
On other days it can be more house oriented at times, which I usually like more, but to each their own.
Overall, the B is a thumbs up for me.
I don't think the owners and staff can do much else to make it better, but given that it's the most straight friendly gay club in Madison, it's bound to be crowded, and you're therefore bound to have a couple awkward experiences there.

I assume that people from Wisconsin are into small town bars and might not be use to clubs; but cover charges, dress codes and lines at the bar are pretty normal things to expect when going out at night.
I don't really understand people leaving low reviews for cheap cover charges that weed out people you probably don't want to be around.
I think this is a pretty normal gay club and I always have a fun time when visiting Madison and coming here.
People in Wisconsin are really friendly and easy to talk to so I always meet some really cool people and have made a lot of friends.
The dance floor is a little too laser beamy for my liking but I still enjoy dancing here.
The lounge seating in the front is nice if you want to be in a quieter space and talk with friends and the outside smoking patio seems to be the easiest place to mingle with new people.

DJ is a dick and only plays the music he wants.
Will also put his hands on you to push you away from his booth.
Thinking he's 'all that'.
Drinks are good.
People are good.

The service here is awesome.
Christina was here at the beginning and she knows her drinks.
Ask for the Lady B signature drink and she knows how it's made.
Cody, Charlie, and Mikey are awesome bar tenders as well.
Corey and Mark run a tight ship.
The performers are always on par.

I've only been here once for the charity lube wrestling.
As far as that night went the place was pretty great.
The lube wrestling, of course, was a blast.
I unfortunately did not participate, but watching was fun enough.
The look of the place is great.
I wasn't interested in drinking that night so I didn't have much interaction with staff.
It's not really my type of place (I guess I like my clubs to be weirder), but I'll be back for nights with fun events in the future.
Oh, the parking sucked, but it's a club so you can't expect much.

