I like that everything in this nail salon is brand new.
They spend a lot of time on your pedicure and foot massage which is nice.
A bit pricey compared to other small Asian run nail salon establishments in the area.

I had the pleasure of having my mani/pedi done by Anh.
She was a very nice lady and pleasant to chat with.
For an additional $5 I got designs on my big toes.
The thing I like most about this place is that they offer three different types of pedicures.
A new product that they are offering is a long lasting nail polish.
I will be trying this once I have grown my nails out a bit.
One thing I did find odd was that ESPN was on the TV.
There was a gentleman (assuming the owner) who was sitting in a massage chair and greeting customers.
The establishment looks new even though they have been around for 4 years (I asked).
The temperature was nice also considering the summer Arizona weather.
I will change my star rating if I determine their services are consistent.

I have decided that this is my new nail salon of choice.
I have been to so many bad ones that its nice to finally find one that meets my needs.
Anh is the best and I will be requesting her every time I go.
All of the staff is SO nice and "Johnny" is hilarious.
If you live in Mesa around Gilbert & University...This is the place to go.

I have been going here for about 2 years now thanks to my sister.
I love this place.
All though I'm usually there for 3 hours when I go it is because they really take their time and make sure you are happy.
They don't rush you like most of the places.
Johnny & Lisa (husband & wife) take great pride in customer service.
This review is long overdue for them.
All the girls do a great job and they were extremely careful with my first pedicure after my cast came off recently.
Try them out you won't be disappointed.
Can't wait for their winter foot waxes that they typically do at no additional cost in the winter months.

I LOVE this salon.
They are so friendly, clean and do a great job.
They have a ton of colors to choose from, they are inexpensive, the chairs are among the best, the foot rubs are great, and they seriously scrub your feet.
no need for callous remover here!
This is my new favorite place for a pedicure.
As much as I try new salons, I don't think it gets better than this.
Thankfully it's right up the street from my house!

I went here based on other user reviews.
I made an appointment for a pedicure and back fill.
When I walked in I I really liked the "feel" of this place.
It was middle afternoon so not to busy.
I was shown to my pedicure chair.
I was just starting to relax when someone looked at my nails and decided I didn't need a back fill just a regular fill.
YAY!
But then they started doing my nails WHILE I was getting my PEDICURE:( My monthly pedicure is my "quite and relaxing" time.
If I ask for them together that is one thing but to start them together is just wrong.
My pedicure was great... just not as relaxing.
The back filled looked ok when I was inside the shop, but afterwards in natural sunlight I saw where they old nail was cleaned up as good as they should have been.
When the owner found out it was my birthday they gave me my toe flowers free.
Nice touch... never happened anywhere else.
Thanks for that!!!
I will go back but  would like my manicure and pedicure separate.

Always busy, did a great job on my pedi even got a free paraffin foot wrap.My gels looked great, matched perfectly but a few nails started lifting quick.
I went back for a repair and Kathy did it for free.
:) Overall good experience but idk how cleanly they are.
Seemed OK, though.

Awesome staff and great prices.
Free paraffin wax with the pedicure is amazing!

The actual service is good, but the main difference between New Romantic and other nail salons is that the employees actually clearly enjoy working there.
The manager is a very, VERY nice guy.
My nails always look great and they listen to what I'm saying.
I would have given it 5 stars, but for 2 things.
First, I do not readily see how they sterilize their equipment.
Second, twice I have waited over 30 minutes, even though I had an appointment both times.
I find it best to go in the morning, as they have a tendency to get backed up by around 4:00pm.
Finally, I have read some Yelp reviews that say that this place is a little on the pricey side.
I disagree-- $20 for a complete spa pedicure that includes sea scrub and foot and leg massage is not a bad price!
Also, there have been a couple of times that I have been in a rush, so I told them no massage, and they took $3 off my total.

Walked in w/out appointment - new to the area - and was pleasantly greeted and immediately seated.
WONDERFUL pedicure (from Linda) and gel manicure (from Ahn)!
Everyone was so nice and it was a very relaxing place - no rude chatter or nasty attitudes; everyone seems to like their work there.
The massage chairs are the best I've experienced in a nail salon.
I didn't see how equipment was sterilized, or it would have been a "5"; however, everything looked very clean, the atmosphere was pleasant, the price was comparable to my last salon in CA, and I plan to go back.

Honestly I went here because of the reviews and had high hopes.
I just moved to the area and trying to get my regular to do's done.
I'm sorry but I've had better everyone was really nice but I'll take the drive to my old place in the future for the service.

I went here awhile back to get a full set put on.
Upon entering the place looked nice enough, just like any other cheaper nail salon out there.
They told me I could get right in but I ended up waiting for about 10 minutes.
Not uncommon, I know they didn't want to give me a waiting time and possibly lose my business.
I was put with one technician who began putting the acrylic on.
I then had a question about a glitter tip nail, and the man (I believe he is the owner) told me to go pick from his collection.
Upon looking them over, I decided against it but they had already given my technician to someone else!
I guess because she was unable to do glitter?
So I had to wait an additional 10 minutes for someone else to finish my nails, and it ended up being the owner.
He was nice enough but extremely rough in filing my nails.
I thought my fingers were going to break off!
I was very pleased with the end results, however, and the nails have not chipped or broken off.
I have another nail salon I like to go to, but this one may be added to the rotation.

Great prices, friendly service...always a treat (for me and my feet!)!
Johnnie and Lisa make everyone feel welcomed and appreciated.

This place looked a little drab from the house but I was wow'ed when I went in.
The staff spoke English the ENTIRE time I was there!
Johnny-the owner offered me water and brought me 2 bottles :) I will definitely be back.
Only negative-a bit pricy!!!

Cons:   More ventilation!
I feel like I am suffocating in the chemical smell when I first arrive.
Also, compared to the $20 mani-pedi I get in LA, the color just doesn't last as long nor does it dry as fast.
Pros:   They are decent at nails, but I really wanted to recommend their waxing.
I never have an appointment, and they always get me in.
They really do a great job.
Friendly and accommodating all around.

New Romantic Nail is still a nice enough place to go for spa services; however, there has been a change in personnel lately (Ahn and a couple others no longer working there) and seems the level of expertise is not quite what it once was.
I think, too, the last time I was there, the prices had been increased, and there is more of the "foreign chatter" than I remember before.
I was a loyal customer @ NRN for the better part of this past year, and will still stop in from time-to-time, but  new work schedule may prevent frequency of visits.

I got a pedicure and a full set last weekend, I have to say it was the best pedicure I ever had.
Lisa did my nails and they look fantastic.
I found a design I liked online and Lisa duplicated it so well!
I have received so many compliments on both my nails and my pedicure.
I think I have found my new regular place!

Very nice work, good service and excellent price.
Tina listened to what I wanted and made useful suggestions.
My mani/pedi was a delight and I'll definitely be going back.
FYI...I went back before the holidays with my Mom and treated us both to mani-pedis.
Even my Mom loved it (they spoiled her) and she's a picky customer.
She absolutely RAVED about it.
I've been several times and it's always a wonderful experience.
One other thing I like, they mostly spoke English around us which made us feel more comfortable.
It's just something I appreciate but rarely find in nail salons.
And the owner, such a sweetheart!
He just went out of his way to make my Mom feel special and I just loved that more than anything.
Highly recommend this place!

I stopped here after a friend told me about it.
I absolutely love getting a manicure and pedicure here.
Julie is the best!
She takes her time and does an excellent job.
My nails looks nice and I receive lots of compliments.
Will definitely continue to go here.

I recently moved to East Mesa from North Phoenix.
I thought I would have a terrible time finding a new place for pedicures.
Nope!!
I stopped in here on my way home and loved it!!
It was very similar to my old salon, so I felt right at home.
Everyone was so nice, which I really liked.
I was told the wait was half an hour, but I was taken in 15 minutes.
The woman who did my pedicure, Kayla, was nice to talk to and did a fantastic job!!
I am not only impressed, but very happy with the job she did.
She listened to what I wanted and did exactly that.
The prices were right in line with what I have ever paid before, if not lower.
I am so happy to have found a new nail salon.
All of the comments on here were what made me give it a try, so thank-you everyone.

Hidden gem in a somewhat empty strip mall!
Good prices for their services.
I usually just walk in, but you can make appointments also.
All of their technicians are good.
They remember their regulars too, which is nice!
Worth the stop.
I tried a spot a couple of miles away and ended up hating my nails and went back to New Romantic so they could fix them!

I took my daughter hear just to get her toes painted.
They were really kind to her and even brought her out a sucker.
Place looked clean as far as I can tell, I'll be back with my girls again.

I went to this place a few times and my last experience was horrible.
The girl who was doing my fill was sick, wearing a mask and constantly coughing.
She stopped after about 10 minutes into my fill and asked if I would mind if she took a 30  minute break to eat and for me to wait until she finished.
I said that I would mind so she continued.
Then she began again and then stopped and started staring outside the windows like a deer in the headlights.
The husband and wife owners began speaking firmly with her, in their own language of course, and she seemed to snap out of it for a while.
I wanted to get someone else to finish my nails, but of course, they were too busy to help me.
I was there over 2 hours for a fill.
RIDICULOUS!
I do NOT recommend this place at all.
I don't believe they clean as some of the customers may think.
If they did, why would they allow this person wait on customers.
She must be a family member or something.
NEVER AGAIN!

