This place has only been open for about two weeks.
I had the liver and onions with yams, green beans, and peach cobbler.
You will leave full, but you will not have enough for a doggie bag because the portions are smaller than normal.
I think it is because they are new.
On another note, you get three sides and a small piece of cornbread with your entree.
I was shocked that we got three sides.
My guess is that once EllaEm's turn a profit, the portions will increase which is understandable.
I must say that my liver and onions were the best I've ever eaten.
Everything was d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s!
The service was outstanding as well.
I can see that they are really focusing on customer service.
In contrast to ALL of the other local soul food joints in Vegas, they have the cleanest/nicest dining room.
This place will get my business and my support because they are trying to do it right.

The Food:  *I tried the Special for the Day!
OX TAILS!
They were great!
I also had the Yams, Rice & Gravy, and black eyed pea's.
The cornbread was soooooo good, I did not need a dessert however, I had the Chocolate cake with the chocolate icing!
I was stuffed, everything was well portioned (I couldn't finish everything) The Ox tails were tender, the food was seasoned great!
I complemented the chef a few times!
The Service:   *The waitress (PAM) was so nice, and efficient, her smile was great and her overall attitude made me feel comfortable, she made me feel she was working genuinely  and not working for a tip!
The Restaurant   *Beautiful, I'm from the Bay Area, so I haven't visited too many other places out here, but I love the cleanliness... From the table, to the floors, to the rest rooms, but most importantly the servers!
The music is nice and the television is great!
I will be back to try the other items on the menu!

Mrs. A.....
I have read the "Complaint" that you have wrote and I have come to this conclusion.... You are NOT keeping it real, you are just the bitter "ex-worker" who got fired...
I find this VERY unprofessional of you.
I'm not going to go back and forth with you, but because you posted your childish complaint with my name, I felt the NEED to reply.
- Keep this in mind - "To Each is his own" - My experience, If you want some good soul food, great atmosphere, good owner as well as servers and cooks... Go to EllaEm's and try it out for yourself....  *Be aware of bitter ex-servers, they'll sabotage anything... Smoooccchheeezz!

Sundays are packed as the local community has started coming in.
I found the portions to be pretty good myself (especially for the three sides); but in a buffet town I could see where some people may find them small.
You can get many of the dishes fried or grilled (I've had the catfish fried and the red snapper grilled -- both good.
)  I have to agree with Mrs. P though, the liver and onions (with gravy of course) were really good.
Great find in North Las Vegas!
Highly recommended.

I came here with my extended family while we were out in Vegas for a softball tourney.
The place was quite, cute and clean.
We got seated right away.
Ordered our food.
A main dish and 3 sides, I got fried pork chops, greens, mac & cheese and red beans and rice.
We had 6 people all together and the food came out quick.
I was quite surprised that our food was out already.
Everything I had was good.
All my sides were good.
Oh, yeah and they give you cornbread too.
The cornbread was tasty too.
I can't even say which side was my favorite, but I will say that the red beans and rice and greens were pretty damn tasty.
Our server was friendly and our glasses were never empty.
One thing I will say, is that their desserts, not all since I didn't try them all, but the Red Velvet cake and Lemon cake are not the ones.
I think it was a box cake with vanilla frosting, not even the cream cheese frosting for the Red Velvet.
Both cakes were a lil on the dry side.
Overall, it was a good experience and I would so go again if I was out wandering in Vegas.

My husband and I have enjoyed a half dozen excellent meals at EllaEm's, and have yet to be disappointed.
This is down-home cooking at its best--large portions of tasty, well seasoned Southern Soul Food.
Each meal, from crispy, succulent Fried Chicken to Liver and Onions, is balanced with three side dishes.
It's hard to pick a favorite side.
The macaroni and cheese is sticky with cheese, baked to perfection.
Collard Greens are the best I've had anywhere in the USA.
Black-Eyed Peas are tender, well-seasoned and melt-in-your mouth good.
Mashed Potatoes are creamy, filled with butter and milk, and smothered in home-made gravy--pure, straight to the arteries yummy.
Cornbread at EllaEm's can't be beat--it's moist, sweet, and the waitstaff is always waiting to offer you more.
For a satisfying meal served with a smile, EllaEm's is simply magical.
The portions are way too large to finish in one sitting for me, but they seem to understand that most diners are going to be taking home lots of leftovers.
This is a place where diners chat with each other, rub their tummies with satisfaction, and leave planning their next visit.
UPDATE: We have become Friday night regulars, and still think it's the best restaurant of all.
Our server, Anisha, never forgets the details (no lemon in hubby's ice tea and no gravy on my liver and onions) and no matter how busy she gets, she always smiles and checks on us.
This is just the most welcoming restaurant!
Update: I cannot believe the ONE trash review by Nelson Q. from Hawaii.
Considering all the excellent reviews here, one has to wonder if Mr. Q is trying to shift customers to the Hawaiian restaurant right next door to Ella Em's.
In all my visits, I have yet to have a bad meal nor poor service, and I've been eating there weekly since it opened.

Was in Las Vegas for a short while and never had soul food or could find any good while there.
Until my friend who lives here suggested this place.
And to my surprise I loved it the delicious fried chicken, greens, mac and cheese almost as good as my home cooking :o) And lets not forget the red velvet cake was delicious as well.
If you haven't tried this little treasure of a place I highly suggest it, I'll try it again when I'm in a couple of months to make sure it wasn't just a fluke.
And also to try something different on the menu, oh and to the person who felt they were forced to order a burger please the pleasure of going out to eat is getting what you want.
Never let a cook or anyone persuade you other wise.
Because after all you're paying the bill, so you could have easily left if they weren't fufilling your request for what you wanted.
I patronize businesses that are there to please the customer, if that's not the purpose then why are they in business.
Give them another try, and next time order what you want because I will.
A satisfied customer, see you next time Vegas :o)

!Great value!!!
Rarely do I go home with leftovers, this trip I did.
Super clean dining area....
Many return visits are on the horizon :  )

I finally made it here to try their Fried Chicken.
I didn't feel like eating solo today so I just ordered it to go.
Fried Chicken - Dark (leg and thigh)  includes 3 sides and cornbread   -mac and cheese   -mashed potatoes   -fried cabbage  The chicken was fried perfectly.
It was not greasy like the chicken you get from Popeyes.
The sides were all very good.
The cornbread was just ok.
There was also a sign on the register listing their lunch specials for $7 between 11am-3pm.

super delicious.
The best part?
it's right next door to us.
So glad we finally get a decent soul food in LAS VEGAS PERIOD.
Whether you dine in or do a take out, it;s sure to be a tummy filled meal.

After a full night of hardcore Vegas-style partying, I was in dire need of a fried chicken fix.
We found EllaEm's Soul Food, and, BINGO!
Exactly what I needed.
The cafe style restaurant was very clean.
I saw a few framed reviews on the walls raving about this place saying, it had "The Best soul food in Vegas of 2010.
" I ordered the smothered chicken with collard greens, mash potatoes, and mac & cheese.
We got it to-go and I couldn't wait to dig in.
Whoa.
Talk about a total food orgasm.
Now, to all my fellow Yelpers, I will say no more about this place; only because I was extremely impressed beyond words.
Therefore I insist that when you visit Las Vegas, this place is a must!
I can't really begin to describe how great the food was.
It sucks that I live here in San Diego...especially now since I will be craving those collard greens from Las Vegas.
Geez.

It gets no better.
If your looking for spectacular soul food, EllaEm's is the spot.
If you're in the Las Vegas area, make time to stop by this place.
EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing.
I can't speak highly enough of this place.

Soul food--yum!.
I bought a Groupon to this place after having read the Yelp reviews and there's a reason it's so highly rated.
I went with my teenage son and his father for dinner tonight, and when we arrived around 7:00pm, the place had only two other tables occupied.
It's a clean, nicely decorated, small place in a strip mall.
I ordered the oxtail stew and three sides: mac n cheese (eh, I've had better at TC's Rib Crib), mashed potatoes and gravy, and yams.
The latter two side dishes were done well and the oxtails themselves were fabulous!
I couldn't finish my food, so you definitely get your money's worth.
Each entree comes with the three sides, so that could also be why I was in a food coma afterwards.
Before our main dishes arrived, we were each served cornbread, which was heavenly--I wanted more, but didn't ask because I could have gotten full on that alone.
My son and his dad had the fried catfish and they rated it better than Hush Puppy's--the gold standard according to them.
I don't eat fish, but just looking at their food, I could tell it wasn't as greasy as the catfish I've seen at other places.
Service was great, the food is delicious, and the only reason I am not giving it a 5 star rating is that I'm a stickler for good mac n cheese, and theirs was just okay.
So, if you're every hankering for some good Southern cooking, head over to EllaEm's for the kind of food that sticks to your ribs and leaves you feeling satisfied...the guilt sets in much later.

Ella Ems  is a nice restaurant very clean.
I ordered the oxtail with and entree you get three sides.
I chose the yams , mash potato's and mac n cheese.
, you think i got enough carbs?
The oxtails were excellant meaty ,tender  and moist in a very good brown gravy.
Portion size on the oxtails were small , I received 3 med sized pieces.
Mash potatos  were solid .
Yams were amazing , very flavorful.
Some of the best yams ever ate.
The mac n cheese on the other hand were very disappointing.
No cheese flavor very, very bland.
They also serve cornbread which was very good , a little sweet, how us yankee's like it as my mother in law would say.
Overall pretty happy with the meal

This place is a real gem!
I had the catfish, which was a bit too salty, but delicious (hey, it's soul food after all).
The cornbread was the best I've ever had.
The service was prompt and very friendly, as was the rest of the crowd.
As a transracial family with an adopted son from Haiti, we weren't sure what kind of reception we would receive in a soul food restaurant.
It was not an issue.
We felt very welcomed, and EllaEm's does a great job of demonstrating pride in their heritage.
It was a great experience overall, and we will definitely be back!

This place was on our radar for some time, but we kept putting other places ahead of it.
We were first in as the doors opened, it's a small place, all tables, the menu was your basic "southern" one with everything from smothered chicken, to oxtails and meatloaf.
I ordered the meatloaf and it came with three sides, I picked the mac n cheese, the collard greens and black eyed peas.
The slice of meatloaf was about 1/2 inch thick but very small compared to most.
The sides were pretty good, the exception was the mac n cheese, it wasn't very thick cheesy, but runny and not much cheese flavor.
Corn bread served with the meal was sweet cake kind, served warm.
I liked the meal, but I grew up in the south, and we ate pretty good, the portions were large and filled up our plate, this plate was bare in places, so it made me think, they must be a little stingy with the servings.

Food delicious, portion size Big.

Had the Groupon.. yay!
Very glad, because I had never heard of this place.
So many people claim that they're cooking up soul food, however this place actually nails it.
I felt as though I was eating at my aunt's house.
I order catfish with potato salad and I also had peach cobbler.
Catfish was great.
Potato salad was amazing!
Uncommon for me to say this, because I have yet to taste decent store bought/restaurant potato salad.
I will say stay away from the cobbler.
Awful!
The inside is really clean and fun.
Great for kids.
Amazing staff!

Came hungry and left so satisfied.
Can I get an amen from the church about that catfish and those greens.
Good Lordy.
Definitely worth checking out when in town!!!!
Tell em' Lani sent ya!

This restaurant is worth getting off the strip.
The portions are HUGE.
My boyfriend had the Catfish dinner with 3 sides of Mac-n-cheese, yams and rice smothered with gravy.
I had the catfish sandwich with fries.
The catfish is amazing, succulent and spiced just right.
(We went to a much more expensive Southern restaurant later in the week and I ordered the catfish which was dryed out!
)  The sides including the fries were all wonderful.
We will definitely go back later this year when we're in Vegas again.
We're dying for the catfish again and try some new items!
I highly recommend making the 20 minute drive to North Las Vegas to eat here and then hit one of the Station Casinos as well.

This is a small place in a strip mall.
It only seats 47 people.
The sweet tea sucks.
I can critique it being I grew up on it.
Now, The menu is simple.
This time I got the pork chops smothered (gravy of course)....Fried cabbage, black eyed peas, and  rice and gravy.....They were out of greens and mac and cheese...But what do you expect in the afternoon when everything is homemade?
The pork chops were wonderful.
The gravy is awesome and the place was full.
Its good southern food at its best representation.
I am from South Alabama so I should know....

Great food... Had the Ox tails with Mac and cheese... Great food, cooked right gravy was on point, the corn bread hit the spot....
The Mac was pretty good and they give you a lot of ox tails also....

Are there any decent Soul Food restaurants in Vegas???
I've slowly lost any remaining hope after stopping in at EllaEm's.
SOUL is something that our food most definitely was missing that evening  When we arrived, the restaurant was very clean and looked more inviting than other soul food spots we've dined at(Kathy's, M&M)even the items on the menu looked very appetizing....Looks were definitely deceiving here because after our waitress assured us that everything was delicious, wifey asked "are your ribs juicy and fall-off-the-bone?
" "Oh yeah" she replied with a smile...about 10 seconds later, wifey sees liver and onions on the menu and she excitedly orders that instead.
"Oh, you know what?
that's the only item we don't have" waitress says.... Gee, thanks for the "heads up" on what you're out of.
So she orders the Ribs with 3 sides-mashed potatoes, yams, and mac and cheese and I go with one of their house specialities, Chicken and Waffles.
While waiting for our order, we hear BEEP, BEEP, BEEP at least 4-5 times...yes,  that dreadful sound of the microwave was a definite"Oh hell's no!
" moment....The cornbread comes out first, but not in huge squares as pictured in the menu, but more like 3-inch circles, 1/2 inch high....WTH?
4 and 5 star reviews????Really????
Some dude named Pedro was the only cook in the kitchen and I know for a fact, he didn't even take the time nor the patience to turn out tasty Soul Food....makes you wonder how much truth there is to the EllaEm's story and its two patriarchs, Ella Rea Gray, and Aem Upachak(photo of story included)  All of the sides and the waffles were definitely nuked,which made the waffles tough and spongy and the ribs were tough, dried out and not juicy at all.
We won't be  coming back here...ever.
Serving food like that is totally doing the two matriarchs a great injustice...ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(25/365) "No soul at all"

I am a white girl from Chicago.
I don't know much about soul food but i do know BAR-B-Q!
EllaEm's has the BEST baby back ribs I've ever had (in Las Vegas.
) I am surprised at some of the negative reviews here on Yelp, but thats what review are all about.
Yes, it is hidden away in strip mall on Craig road between a Hawaiian Plate joint and a Teriyaki Madness chain.
I decided to give it a try.
I AM GLAD I DID!!
We ordered take out because it was the day of the Emmy Awards.
We wanted to eat and relax at home.
We ordered the Baby Back ribs, collard greens, fried cabbage, yams and sweet potato pie for dessert.
ALL ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!
the girls behind the counter were very personal and the place was immaculately clean and inviting.
People!!!
Don't be so picky, this is Las Vegas!
Sure, there are better places to eat.
However, i will definitely keep this on my TOP TEN places  to get GREAT BBQ in NORTH Las Vegas!!

Just scrolling down the reviews & just wanted to say if you don't know about Soulfood then don't speak on it!
Soulfood is candied yams so yes that requires sugar!!
And Nelson G wow u just don't know good food when u have it!
EllaEm's is good ole Soulfood... Like home away from home!!
Never mind the haters you have done your grandmothers name great!!
I'm sure she is really proud of you!
I'm sure the food Nelson cooks ain't always great!!
Nowhere is everybody has good & bad cook days....
I will continue to eat at EllaEms everytime I'm n Vegas!!
That's my tourist attraction:)

A pile of well-seasoned catfish, solid greens and a mountain of mac and cheese for $7.
Yeah, that'll do.
Server was friendly and attentive.
Not much more needs to be said -- if you're heading out Craig Road, great spot for lunch.

OMG!
This place is awesome!
Some of the BEST collar greens I have had!
Almost as good as mom's.
I also had the BBQ ribs, they were so tender, fell right off the bone.
And the sweet potatoes....ALL of this will bring me back for more!

I came here a few times a month a year ago when I lived on this side of town.
It was so good!
I would always get fried chicken, rice n gravy, and mashed potatoes.
I came back a few months ago I went and the food wasn't the same.
Not sure if they changed recipes or the cooks weren't trained properly, but I was so disappointed.

I went there for lunch after a movie.
The food was pretty good.
I had ox tails with sides of greens, yams, and rice & gravy.
I was a little disappointed that the rice was slightly under-cooked, but everything was was yummy.
I could only eat half before I felt the need to take a nap :-).
My friend had chicken and waffles.
He was disappointed in the waffles, stating they lacked comparison with Roscoe's.
However, he did love the fried, smothered chicken.
The staff there is always friendly and inviting.
I will definitely be going back in the near future.

A really nice soul food place.
A lot of other soul food restaurants in Las Vegas have very cramped dining rooms (Gritz, Seven Seas) but this place is very spacious, clean and the walls are covered with art, family photos and posters of Black heroes like Martin Luther King Jr and President Obama.
I want to give this place three stars.
The food was pre-made and reheated in a microwave, but it was still good.
Still, it's always disappointing to have your plate of soulfood goodness put down in front of you and your mac and cheese is still holding the same shape as the container it was stored in.
I'm giving them four stars because of the ambiance and their stellar service.
Our waiter appeared to be working the place by himself but he was attentive, very polite and knowledgeable about the menu.
He offered a discount if we gave a great Yelp review, so think of that when you look at other reviews.
One dining partner ordered the veggie plate, which is basically cornbread and your choice of three sides.
One of her three sides chosen was fried cabbage and our waiter stated it's made with turkey bacon (there is a sign up that says their food is made w/turkey instead of pork when possible).
She was disappointed but I think its great that they're at least trying to cut back on sodium and fat by using healthier alternatives.
2nd dining partner had the meatloaf which included two sides.
3rd dining partner had  the oxtails smothered in gravy that were so delicious he threatened violence if we dared to touch his plate when he went outside to take a phone call.
I had the spicy chicken sandwich with a side of mac and cheese.
I always order mac and cheese at any soul food place I go to; it's not a real soul food restaurant unless you have bomb-ass mac and cheese.
EllaEm's was good, but nothing I'd go out of my way to eat again.
Since it was reheated, it wasn't melty and gooey, but it wasn't bad either.
The chicken was spicy, crunchy and a nice piece of meat, but the only thing on my bread was tomato and lettuce.
No sauce, no nothing, not even mayo.
I hope I'm not the only one who thinks that's odd.
I'm not itching to go back, but this place is definitely worth a second try.

I went for lunch on Thursday afternoon and the place was packed!
Great sign, usually, so my giddiness continued as I waited for my friend and hungrily watched other patrons place their orders and receive their lunches.
The place is cute, clean, and comfortable.
There were two large parties (one leaving, one ordering) when I came in.
All in all a good vibe, good music in the background that still allowed for conversation, and smiles abound.
I was excited!
It pretty much ended there.
I really, really, really wanted to like this place.
I would have preferred to have loved this place, but I would have settled for an "I love you, but not in THAT way" sort of conversation here.
Alas, I am not sure I want a second date.
First: The service was VERY slow.
Yes, it's a small place.
And mostly it was service with a smile.
But it was slow.
We all but flagged the waiter down to order our drinks.
And then again to order lunch.
He kept pointing out how slammed they were.
I could see it, I sort of get it, but then there should be more help on the floor.
He was genuinely kind and happy to help us, but it doesn't make up for the fact that once both of us were seated, it took 15 minutes-plus to finally let them know what we wanted to eat.
Add to that the wait for the food itself?
My hour lunch was approaching an hour and I hadn't had anything to eat yet.
Never got a drink refill.
Had to ask for silverware.
Getting the to-go boxes (I took those greens to go!
) and the checks was OK, but then had to wait for the payments to be processed while watching the waiter do other things.
OK, OK, there were SOME good points.
Here we go... food.
I decided to try the liver and onions.
You get to choose three (huge portions here!
) sides.
I went with mac and cheese, collard greens, and fried cabbage.
(Oy, I did not come here expecting to adhere to any diet, that's for sure!
)  The large portion of liver was cooked perfectly but the cut was off.
Too much connective tissue running through it.
I'd rather smaller pieces cut away from the parts you can't chew/eat.
It had a hint of a breading/coating on it that was not bad, not over the top.
But I had a small bit where it was all flour.
No bueno.
The collard greens were the best ever.
Seriously.
Eat them.
(Insert "Eat All The Greens!
meme here.
)  The mac was good, definitely homemade.
I only tasted it because pasta is not my friend, but the flavors and composition were really decent.
Not amazing, but decent.
The cabbage was, against all odds, really great.
Too oily/buttery for MY tastes, but still managing not to be wilted and brown; it was bright, a tad crisp.
Surprisingly good but slightly over on the grease scale for MY tastes (trying to be fair... it is, after all, "fried cabbage!").
S's massive portion of meatloaf with rice with gravy were good, she said, though the yams were a tad on the raw side.
She also had the mac and agreed: good, yes, tasty, but nothing to write home about.
(To go box for the food here, too, so that says a little something.
)  Another thing I didn't love?
The photos on the menu didn't seem to totally match the food.
Not just like, "hey, mine doesn't look like that," but in a "they don't even offer that on their menu!
" sort of way.
I felt cheated that I couldn't order cole slaw or green beans, even though they were so prominently displayed.
Huge portions of mostly OK-ish food.
Smiley but slooooow service.
Prices are fine based on portions, but when it's just OK?
*sigh*   Just not excited about a return trip.

Just tried Ella Em's Soul Food for the first time.
DELICIOUS   I had ox tails, my favorite with gravy rice, yams and collard greens.
Everything was perfect.
The oxtails were tender and flavorful, the greens cooked just right, not too salty, not too heavy.
The yams were pretty and sweetened to perfection.
I'm a flight attendant so I dine on all kinds of food all over the world and believe me.
Ella Em's is the real thing.
I hope they stay around.
It's a 30 minute drive from my house, good thing it's not closer or my ass would be as big as a 747.
Worth the drive and the darling girl waitress is adorable.

Moving here from Chicago, I just never thought about soul food in Vegas., but after today,,, Man o man!
The Oven baked ribs were on point as well as the black eye peas, fried cabbage and yams!
I will be back!

We have been reading reviews for Ellla Ems for some time now and always wanted to try it.
This past Sunday we were planning on trying breakfast at the new "Lumberjack's" restaurant on Craig rd.
but when we arrived there was a 30 minute wait and we decided to see if Ella Ems served breakfast.
They do not really serve breakfast but the waiter recommend the chicken & waffles which you could order with or without 2 eggs.
All 3 in our party ordered the chicken and waffles with eggs.
Everything came out hot, and everything on the plate was delicious.
The fried chicken was excellent, the waffle fresh and a good size, two eggs were cooked just how we ordered them.
We will be back to try the rest of the menu.

Ok - second time and I am NOT impressed.
Food was mediocre - preheating up cornbread, peach cobbler not cool- nor is telling people that some of the desserts are homemade- but I see the cheesecake factory box.
I'm sure what some of the other yelper's  stated are valid and true facts as well.
Out of two wait staff -only one is friendly- which is not good- nor is messing up my  order twice.
Would I come back here-Nope

A - Service A - Food A - Time A - Price (Better with Groupon)  Best experience.
Writing this from table.

Great food, nice atmosphere and friendly staff.

This place was pretty good and the waitress was really nice to us.
She brought my toddler some extra corn bread because that's the only thing he would eat lol!
I ordered the fried pork chops (pretty good), collard greens (delish), fried cabbage (blah), and mac & cheese (amazing).
My husband had fried chicken and waffles and he loved it.
The portions were huge.
My only complaint was the restaurant wasn't very nice and the bathrooms needed TLC.
I think we will order take out from now on but it was very good soul food.

Nice decor & ambiance for a strip-mall restaurant, very surprising and welcome.
We were there on a quiet afternoon and were amazed at how fantastic the food is and the service was just incredible.
One of the gals there saw me picking food off my husband's plate and brought me a serving of the same thing, gratis.
My southern hubby had the catfish plate and loved it, and we both loved the fried cabbage.
Not a southerner, I tried their cheeseburger - it was okay but there's a reason why this isn't a burger joint ;)  Next time (and there will definitely be a next time) I'll break down and try to deal with the southern obsession with frying everything ;)

this is a awesome place i recommend it to everyone

Second time visiting EllaEms's.
I sooo want to like this place especially since Granny reminds me of my Granny.
I just love looking at her picture on the menu & in the restaurant.
Service: A- I ordered take out and there was only one waitress who was cleaning, taking orders, etc.
Price: B-A bit pricey but I can deal.
Food: C/C- The food was just bland, bland, bland.
No real seasoning.
I'm from S. Carolina so I know down home cooking, but I was very dissapointed.
I ordered the chicken (bland but fried good), fried cabbage (Ummmm so-so), and the macaroni (tasted like paper; wth)...Dont mean to be harsh but this food was not good.
Seemed pretty busy so I'm guessing I'm outnumbered...Probably wont return for a 3rd time.

Firstly they do not honor the coupons as advertised on coupons.com.
Cost us 25 dollars for a worthless coupon.
The service was slow, I do not blame this on the waitress since she was the sole person seating, waiting and cashier!
Unbelievable, patrons were leaving because of the time it was taking to be waited on.
In my opinion, this is a management issue and if this is how they choose to operate, I do not believe they will be there for long.
The food was good tasting, the catfish was a bit undercooked for my taste.
The chicken, waffles, yams, rice and gravy were excellent.
If they choose to take care of customer service like they do the food service, they will need to expand!
The food was worth the wait, plan accordingly if you want to give them a try!

This little gem is about 20 minutes from the strip and well worth the trip.
Great customer service and the food was delicious.
Everything came out piping hot and tasted great!
I had the chicken and waffles, some of the best I've had.

Great service even though the place was packed and there was only one waitress.
Awesome lunch menu.

Awesome and amazing doesn't do justice!!!!
We had never been before but we are certainly going back.
Three people three different meals three amazingly happy people!
The fried chicken was the best I have ever had from a restaurant.
The cat fish was beyond expectations!
The oxtail was so good!
With each entree you get three sides.
The cabbage and greens were the best I have ever had (please don't tell my mom and Granny).
The mac and cheese was homemade and so good!
The yams made me long for Thanksgiving!
Yet the best part of this entire place was the service!!!
Kimberly was so friendly and warm.
She gave great suggestions on the food and was spot on!

I came here on a wednesday, during my lunch break, and ordered the lunch special: chicken with collard greens and rice and gravy.
Military discount 10%, came out to 8.
- YUMMY cornbread!
Can I get another :)?
- One salty piece of chicken and the other made perfectly with the right crisp.
Weird.
- I shouldn't have gotten the rice and gravy.
Average.
May I should have gotten yams or mac and cheese?
french fries?!
- Collard greens are okay.
I tasted that bitter after flavor after awhile.
- SLOW SERVICE!
If you have an hour lunch, don't expect to be at work on time.
- Unique?
I like the decor and music (High school flashback R&B)!
OBAMA :D

There aren't very many places to get soul food in Vegas, so this was a pleasant surprise.
It appears to be a family run restaurant and there's not too many staff members here.
There was one waitress/hostess here when I came for lunch, so the service was a little slow but expected.
I got the $7 lunch special that comes with an entree choice, two sides, and cornbread.
I had the fried chicken, which was decent but not great.
I had a drumstick that was cooked to perfection, but a breast piece that was overly salty.
Not sure why that was.
I also got a chance to try the catfish that my coworker ordered and I would get that if I were to come back.
Perfectly crisp and flavorful.
Among the sides I tried, the cabbage and yams were good, while the mac and cheese and collared green were just alright.
The cornbread was very moist with good texture as well.
If there were a 0.5 star rating, I would probably give EllaEm's a 3.5 overall.
There are hits or misses on the menu.
Also, some extra staff members to help with the service would be beneficial.

We decided to have dinner here on Friday night after reading some of the reviews.
My fiancée is from NC so his taste buds are hard to please when it comes to southern food.
Upon entering there were 3 ladies (servers I assume, they were all wearing black) and one couple having dinner.
The decor is nice and enjoyed the "home-like" feeling of the Granny pictures.
They must have satellite radio and the best radio station ever, it was warm, inviting, and even a little romantic at times with the selection of music, soul, jazz and R&B.
The server immediately came to our table and took our drink order.
My Fiancée had the fried chicken dinner with greens, Mac n cheese and yams.
I enjoyed the catfish with the same three sides except I had the mashed potatoes instead of yams.
They were all very large portions, the food was nice and hot and yes, everyone is right, the corns bread is pretty yummy...................but can we talk about the catfish????
Even if you are not a fish lover, you should try this!!!!
It is crispy on the outside, the breading or whatever they use is not to thick or overpowering, it's perfectly seasoned and crunchy, but wait, when you get to the fish.....OH MY!
It is like butter; it melts in your mouth and is so delicious you would never even think it is fish.
Definitely the best WE have ever had (yes I had to share, the meal was large) I am not from the south, but have visited NC and eaten catfish at many other places before and this is by far the best I have ever had.
The server, ( I am sorry I do not remember her name) was also very helpful, when I explained this was our first time there and may need assistance suggesting dessert, was very pleasant and helpful.
As they got busier, (many people were coming in to pick up to-go orders) and three more parties came in, we were constantly checked by the other servers, asking not only if we were ok but if there was anything else they can get for us.
Overall, we were extremely happy and will definitely go back!

Great atmosphere.
Amazing food.
Friendly service.
Definitely a place we will go again!!

This had been maybe my 5th time to EllaEm's thanks to Groupon.
I had always had a pleasant experience until last nite.
NEVER go at night.
The service was HORRIBLE.
My friends and i walked in, you couldnt miss us, 3 adults with 4 kids.
We sat ourselves down and no one acknowledged us.
There were only 3 other guests sitting at tables so it wasnt busy at all.
So we sat, and sat, until i got a little anxious and finally one waitress walks over past my table didnt look at me and go to my friends table and pass her one menu...I was thinking didnt that silly girl see all of us walk in and why would she only give her one menu then turn around and walk away.
I wondered were me and my kids invisible??
Well finally another waitress came over Heather to take my order and all.
Tonight my review of the place is mostly of the service because that determines whether i want to spend my time and money at a place where the employees are so very rude.
My friends and i had sat at two different tables next to each other since it was 8 of us.
Their waitress (the rude one) had taken their drink request and all before mine did, however my waitress brought out my drinks and cornbread before theirs did and when she did i watched as she kinda slammed it on the table WTH?
Another couple came into the door an ederly couple and she was right on them as soon as they hit the door with their menus and giving them their drinks and they had not been in the door 5 full minutes.
I know we counted.
SO this really mad my friends mad.
I can say this the other few times i have come to EllaEms it was during the day time so maybe the day shift is friendlier, Ramon is the waiter usually there that i see and he has always given me and my friends good service.
BUT last night LaRonda the rudest swinging her hair waitress has left a bad taste in my mouth.
And after reading more reviews i see other people complaints about the very slow service.
I would like to give them another try but i am not too sure about that.
And to hear they are microwaving the food YUK i can do that at home.
THAT really makes me think twice!!

I have eaten at EllaEm's a few times.
So far my experience has been a very good one.
The fried catfish, fried chicken wings, yams and collard greens are delicious!
I normally go during the day.
The staff is also very pleasant and accommodating every time I go.

My husband and I stumbled upon EllaEm's randomly one night.
The service was top notch.
I ordered the Fried Chicken sandwich and my husband ordered the Smoothered Chicken.
I am giving the location a 3-star only because I wasn't a big fan of the sandwich.
My husband truly enjoyed his dish.
From what I was able to try without being attacked, my husband's Smoothered Chicken was great!
I noticed everyone says you have to try the gravy, yes the gravy is good.
I however, LOVED the corn bread.

Had the Fried Catfish, (very good), Mashed Potatoes with brown gravy,(good) collared greens,(not good) my co-worker got the grilled Red Snapper,(very good) mac and cheese(not good) and collared greens( she liked).
I thought the service was good, portion size good and the restaurant was clean and well decorated.

Fo Shizzle my chicken Dizzle...
I like this place!
The place is fairly basic inside, kind of a retro - modern vibe too it.
It is set up more like a quick serve place but it has waitress service.
The service was friendly and homey.
They had some lunch specials for $8 or more.
The Fried chicken special was $8 for 2 pieces and 2 sides.
I had mac and cheese & greens...
I almost ordered 2 sides of greens --- Iove greens.
The fried chicken was good.
Very lightly breaded, crispy skin and juicy on the inside.
The seasoning on the fried chicken was a little boring but the chicken was cooked just right.
I did experience an unpleasant bite when there seemed to be a nugget of salt all in one bite.
I guess that happens sometimes.
The mac and cheese was pretty good.
The greens were tender and full of flavor.
Soul food has a ton of salt in it, just in my opinion the salt could be toned down.
Of course, I wouldn't mess with a family recipe that has been passed down through the generations just because some Asian guy said something on Yelp.
While I was eating the chicken I looked at my fingers and they didn't have any grease on them.
I realized that the chicken was not greasy at all.
Just crispy & Juicy.
The $8 lunch special over all was excellent.
The portions were generous.
The food was way above average soul food.
I would prefer a real piece of cornbread instead of the little muffin they serve.
I will go back fo sho!
Side note:  While I was there I saw Dina Titus eating Lunch, and I noticed Too Short in the pics for this place.
You have to love a place that has served both Too Short & Dina Titus!!!
Maybe not at the same time but still, how many places can say that??

This is my second time to EllaEm's, the first was with my girlfriend and we thought it was amazing then.
This time my grandmother was in town so I decided to take her somewhere different.
The atmosphere, service (Ramone awesome waiter!
), and food is some of the best you can get in Vegas.
Hearty home style cooked meals are hard to come by but this place nails it.

My best friend and I have been twice in the last month, and I must say, it's that good.
I had the fried cabbage for the first time and ended up ordering a side of it to go.
Two thumbs up!

Omg!!!
A friend and I visited this soul food spot on 12/1/12.
The young lady that helped us was AWESOME!!!
She took her time explaining the menu and was just the nicest young lady.
The restaurant is small but cozy,great music was playing I had the red snapper and was quite impressed!!
My friend had the chitterlings dinner and she raved about how tasty they were.
We found out the owner is from the Bay Area so that explained a lot since were also from those parts.
All I can say is keep up the good work and if anyone is looking for a soul food spot THIS IS IT!!!

We had a late lunch here a few weeks ago and it blew us away!
So good.
Friendly staff and great food.
Much better than M&M Soul Food.
Better prices and better tasting food.
I don't need to have the staff at a soul food restaurant serve me wearing tuxedo shirts and bowties like they do at M&M.
We will return often to EllaEm's!

Very warm welcome when you enter.
Food was prepared freshly and delivered in a scrumptious display.
Kind of expensive 4 people with regular size dinner meals came up to $90.

Found this restaurant on Yelp while driving around Craig.
What a great recommendation for a comforting and filling brunch.
Had fried chicken (awesome) and the sides where southern perfection.
My friend had the meatloaf which was moist and delicious.
Recommended!
On a side note there is no pork used in the side dishes or gravy, so you non pork eaters can enjoy guiltless food!
Service was extremely friendly and quick.

Delicious!
Started off with a sweet tea, then I ordered the liver and onions, and my friend ordered the fried chicken and gravy.
My sides were black eyed peas, fried cabbage, and collard greens.
The liver and onions was smothered in gravy, and very tasty.
Not too salty, and not bland.
There was a lot of food for a great price- I ended up taking most of my sides home, which were very good warmed up the next day.

Food was awesome, but to super long to get with not many patrons at the time of 8pm, plus only one waiter, on Valentines night, felt bad for him then felt bad for the people who came in at 830pm and were turned away only to ask : " but on the front door doesnt it say you close at 9pm?!
"...my lady ordered the Wingettes n waffles which were the bomb and I ordered the country fried steak, which was super good but it was cut into 4 pieces of what looked to be a small piece, though it was filling, the service really could use some help.
I actually parked in front of the hawaiian place and wanted to eat there but looked over and decided to give this Soul Food joint a try, all in all the food was awesome, service not so much.
I only tipped the boy because he looked so overwhelmed and deserved it!

Wow, what a pleasant surprise!
Originally planned to go to Poke Express next door but totally forgot that they are closed on Wednesday so we decided to visit Ella Em for some soul food grub.
We were warmly greeted at the door by Victor who seated us right away.
Entrees were a little bit on the high side ($9-15) yet still not too expensive considering you get 4 large sides including the corn bread.
We also learned that lunch specials tend to run between $7-$9 and it comes with 2 sides.
They also offer 10% military discount.
We ordered:  Pork chop - This reminds me of how we cook pork chop in the Philippines!
Well seasoned and tasty.
Rice & gravy - Basic rice here, nothing to write home about.
The gravy was nice and and you get to choose between chicken and beef gravy.
Both were delicious, but I prefer the beef gravy.
I would probably skip this next time and order another side in the future.
Collard greens - Not a big fan of collard greens in general but hubby said it was good (But he had better when he was in Mississippi).
Fried cabbage - DELICIOUS!
Sooo homey and definitely a big hit for both of us and we licked that bowl off for sure!
We should have ordered more of these.
Fried chicken (2 pcs) - Juicy and crispy!
I love fried chicken cooked this way, lightly battered and seasoned with Granny's special seasoning.
Mashed potatoes - Tastes like how we make it at home.
Between my husband and I we could have skipped it but my daughter will probably not like that cause it's her staple.
Yams - Soooo good.
Sweet with a touch of cinammon!
Corn bread - I love their corn bread but it was waaay too tiny.
You can order more for 50 cent a piece.
Wish they would make it thicker.
All the food that came out were freshly made and the service was friendly, we felt like we're eating home cooked meal on Thanksgiving.
The kitchen is super busy with several to-go orders and it was barely 4pm, but we never felt neglected by our server.
We will be back to try their catfish, oxtail, and peach cobbler.
Was it authentic?
I possess no authority whatsoever on southern-style cooking, but my soul was definitely tickled with such a positive dining experience.

OMG it was off the hook!!
!Everything me and my husband ate was bomb!
The mac-n-cheese is heaven on earth!
The yams was like a party in my mouth and the ribs good lawd they were like silk on my tongue.will be back everytime we are in vegas.
Customer service was on point also.

Family owned & fabulous!
this place is adorable!
The prices are decent, waitresses are friendly and helpful.
Food service is fast & delicious!
They have a lunch special for $8!!!!!!!!!!
Also, chicken gravy is on point.

I'm rarely in the area and was joined by fellow Yelper Andy T.  to check the place out.
Can't recall what else I had aside from the chitlins but I know, we've had better.
Nothing really remarkable.
I've been to M&M in Los Angeles and Kathy's (prior to their move) to name a few which were much better experiences for Soul Food in my opinion.

This small cafe has all the right ingredients-nicely decorated, friendly staff and great food!
I ordered food to go and it was bagged up fresh and hot.
I had the chicken fried steak with gravy, macaroni and cheese and collard greens.
It was truly delicious!
I would have give it 5 stars but for the cornbread.
I was expecting a large square and only got a small circular piece.
A big piece of cornbread would have topped off the perfect meal!
Will definitely go again and again.

Fried chicken, rice and gravy, cabbage and Mac and Cheese was great!
Also tried the collard greens and ribs.
Everything was delicious!
Kyle, our server, was very nice and attentive.
Can't wait to go back!

If you're in north town and craving some good ol' fashioned soul food, you definitely gotta try this place out!
Their prices are good for the amount you get and the inside is very clean and welcoming, considering the poor location choice, which is in a plaza on Craig road and Revere -where stores are constantly closing and new businesses open left and right.
If it is your first time and want something other than their really good fried chicken, YOU MUST TRY THE FRIED CATFISH!
I don't know what they do to the catfish, but there is no fishy taste at all.
(you know what I'm talking about) It's very clean tasting and the seasoning and batter is not overpowering, making this light crispy fish a must try.
The sides totally compliment the food and leave me stuffed and satisfied.
If you're thinking this is just your ordinary soul food joint think again, there's plenty of SOUL and HEART stirring up in this kitchen.

I said I was going to give EllaEm's 4 stars, but looking back, I don't know what they could have done better.
I went here with the work gang for a semi-going away lunch before my maternity leave.
Everybody recommended the fried catfish, and although I am not usually a huge fan of catfish (what's with that gritty-like texture), I caved to peer pressure and decided to try it.
Great choice!
The fish itself was light and flaky and the batter was delicious and a little spicy.
So good.
Also, the lunch special came with 3 (3!
) fillets, so that was more than enough.
The lunch special ($8 I think) also comes with 2 sides, of which I chose yams (delicious and sweet, just like I like), and mac & cheese (good, typical soul-food stuff).
Others at the table ordered the greens, the fried cabbage, and the mixed veggies, and the only complaint I heard was about the mixed veggies.
Oh and they also brought out delicious homemade corn muffins before the meal!
The service was friendly and prompt and the iced teas (sweet & unsweet) were all delicious, too!
Overall, this place was so good that I might consider venturing up to north town just to bring my husband here!
Note to management: can you please heat up your butter or serve it in a bowl soft or something?
Trying to spread those hard packets on our corn muffins almost ruined them!

one of the best catfish i've had.
i've tried so many and this one had so much flavor and yumminess.
will definitely be going back!

My husband and I both ordered the oxtail dinner.
It came with a choice of three sides.
We got mashed potatoes and gravy, collard greens, and macaroni and cheese.
Everything was absolutely delicious!!
And portions are HUGE.
definitely worth the money.
Service was friendly and fast.
We will definitely be back.

Good one of the better soul food places in Las Vegas!

Soooooo Good!!!!
I had the catfish, greens, yams, mac n' cheese and corn bread.
First of all the food was very hot when served.
I love that!
I hate getting a cold plate of food.
The catfish was cooked so Right, not all greasy but fried perfectly.
The greens and yams for SOOOOO delicious.
The corn was the perfect amount of sweet, just Delicious and they serve it with room temp butter, not cold butter.
Cold butter with bread doesn't make sense to me.
The mac n cheese was just okay to me but only because I've had some phenomenal mac n cheese homemade.
It was clean, the staff was courteous and helpful.
If you are in Vegas take the detour off the strip and hit this place up.
They were named the best soul food restaurant in the Las Vegas area but I've been to several places in L.A. and they have been the best so far.
YUMMMMMYYY!

Best soul food and best service everyone is so nice even the cook

I love finding little hidden family owned restaurants because you know they put their heart and soul onto every place... and they definitely heavily ladled on the soul!
Now down to the food: -catfish filets: They were flaky and moist with the right amount of breading and crispiness on the outside.
Not too oily, but still sinfully good -The country fried steak was just downright comfort on a plate.
Very rich- I would recommend getting the chicken gravy over the brown gravy.
I think the chicken gravy just goes better.
-Yams- amazing!!
I would highly recommend this side.
It's sweet almost like a sweet potato pie filling.
I liked it because it almost served as a palate cleanser at the end of my meal & as dessert too!
I will definitely be back to try the other dishes that caught my eye: oxtail, fried chicken, more catfish mmm they will need a wheel barrel to roll me away

OMG!
Great Soul Food.
Our first time there today and will definitely go back.
Had the catfish, which was perfect and the best collard greens I have ever eaten.
Be sure and try the yams too, oh so yummy!!
They also know how to make sweet tea, and portions are large.
Service was GREAT!

Great soul food.
I rolled by and picked up the fried chicken "to-go".
I got home and it was soooo good.
Perfectly seasoned and spiced.
The food took a little long to cook (about 20 min) for a call in order but well worth it.
The staff was very helpful and attentive.
Unfortunately, they only honor a military discount with the combo plates and not individual items.
Looks like ill have to roll by for a combo plate and try the catfish.

Yum.
Yum.
Yum.
So glad we stopped in.
We were looking for a great fried chicken meal and we found it.
Everything is homemade and delicious.
We'll definitely be back.

First off, I loved the whole atmosphere of this place!
It's a real small, family owned spot that's kind of tucked away in a shopping center and easy to miss.
This may just be me but the interior has a 50's diner kinda feel with the red & chrome which I thought was cool.
They also keep their restaurant really clean and that's a huge plus.
We ended up going fry crazy haha.
I went with the catfish and my wife picked the fried chicken, and let me tell you...they know how to fry food at this place!
Both the chicken and fish were fried completely even to a perfect gold brown.
The catfish was unbelievable!
It's cooked just right with that "oh, so good" tender flakiness and their seasoning is dead on.
Not too heavy with a little kick and just enough flavor to compliment the fish.
The chicken was pretty dang good too but it had a slight flour taste which could probably even out with a little more salt.
They aren't skimpy with portions either...alongside the fish or chicken, you get 3 sides and cornbread.
Their mac n cheese is just ok but they have really good greens, red beans and the cornbread was definitely up in the top compared to most places in town.
Easily one of the top spots to go to if you're looking for good fried food!
They have amazing food with a good selection and with the portions you get, the price is hard to beat.
We went in at about 8pm on Friday and they were getting slammed with customers so I really think they could benefit from staying open a little later.
It felt like we were being slightly rushed which is why I'd give them 4 stars but I'll definitely be coming back for more!

5 stars!
Oh my if you're looking for great fresh and hot Down home SoulFood  look no farther you have came to the right place.
This past Sunday, Oct. 6 2013 my mother and I came in here from church I order the catfish dinner with my choice of three sides: rice with beef gravy, collard greens and yams.
Everything was dellicous the only downside if you can even call it that is the small potion of cornbread.
Maybe their trying to help us save on calories?
lol I  could tell by looking at it that it was going to be awesome which it was.
Next time I'll  order more cornbread I was in a bit of a hurry due to having goceries in the car.

It was the best chicken and waffles ever and the service very friendly.
My fiance who ate at  Roscos in La when he lived there said it even beat them for their chicken and waffles .
So we recommend it to all our friends who live here and come here to visit.

When you think of Soul Food, Catfish comes to mind.
No, not the stupid reality show on tv but the real actual fish.
Here they do have it with your choice of it fried or grilled.
They also have Chicken n Waffles.
I took my 12 year old son with me to check this place out.
We did ended up getting the Catfish and the Chicken n Waffles.
The Chicken n Waffles were pretty good.
You get 3 nice sized chicken wings, a waffle, and eggs any style you want.
The chicken was crispy and slight breading to it.
The waffle was just ok.
I was expecting to be at least a little more crispy than it appeared.
The eggs we got scrambled.
Nothing special to note there.
The Grilled Cajun Catfish was good as well.
Came with your choice of 3 sides.
I picked Mashed Potatoes with Beef Gravy, Mac n Cheese, and Mixed Veggies.
This is where I got really disappointed.
The Catfish was decent but all the sides tasted a bit bland and was lukewarm.
The veggies were definitely not fresh because it was partially soggy, it looked lifeless, and was chewy when I took a bite.
The Mac n Cheese tasted like what I make my kids at home with the instant microwave stuff.
It's not fancy but it is good enough for them.
Here at a restaurant that is unacceptable.
Last but not least, the Mashed Potatoes were a bit dry.
Maybe they didn't put enough water or milk in the mix before putting it in the microwave?
As for service, they are a bit slow here.
We came in at 6:45 pm on a Tuesday night.
There were only two other tables occupied at the time.
We got our food I would say about 15 minutes later.
After about 5 minutes both our drinks were empty.
Another 5 minutes later I had to ask for a refill on both our drinks.
Rule of thumb, if you have to ask for refills after so much time has passed, that is not good service.
In closing, I would stick to ordering the Chicken n Waffles and Catfish.
Stay away from the sides, well at least what I ordered.
To be fair I cant assume everything was nuked.
I also would like to try other items so I can give them the benefit of the doubt especially if it warrants updating this review.
Until then, its 2 stars for me.

Enjoyed dinner tonight for sure.
Catfish and fried cabbage is a must!
Oxtail with rice and gravy was also very good!
We will try fried chicken next time.
Fast and very friendly staff!

EllaEm,s a unique house of soul food.
As soon as you walk in you are greeted with a smile and very friendly staff.
We had the lunch special catfish and two sides of your choice and fresh hot cornbread that was lip smacking.
If your in the area give them a try, there was nothing wrong I give 4 stars cause there is always room for more improvement.

Food was amazing.
Good home cooking.
I highly recommend this place.
The service was outstanding as well.
Ramon made us feel like we were regulars even though was our first time there.
Good food and good music.

It was my first time to dine there last week, I just have to say that the service, and especially the food, was excellent!!!
Anisha, my server extraordinaire, was just lovely!
She was very knowledgable about the entire menu, extremely accommodating, and was so much sweeter than my sweet tea!
I will definitely come back, with even more friends next time!
I think I've found myself a new soul food hang out!
My goal is to try everything on the menu, and eventually go back and make a few favorites!
The place may be far away from my house, but it is definitely worth the trip!
For that kind of food, and with that amazing service, you will be coming back for more!
It'll feed your belly and your soul!
Much love, EllaEm's staff!
(Especially to Anisha!!!
) Can't wait to go back!!

The food here is fantastic!
I am from NC so soul food is in my blood (and on my hips!).
You get a ton of food, no way anyone can handle an entree and the 3 sides in one sitting.
The ox tails were tender and seasoned well; yams were excellent, collard greens were amazing; and the mac and cheese was tasty, although the cheese/eggs were a little curdled.
We will definitely visit there a lot to get our soul food fix!

Yum yum YUM!!!!!
My top soul food restaurant by far!
It's hard to find good catfish in Vegas, but theirs is always fresh tasting, cooked perfectly, and just down right delicious!
I will admit that's sometimes the sides aren't consistent, but I've had more good days than bad.
Mac n cheese, yams, greens, and red beans n rice are my top picks!
Definitely worth a visit!!

This place is fantastic, the food is delicious and Kim was outstanding in assisting us.
We will definitely return for a visit when we're in Las Vegas!!

Ate there four times in two weeks.
I had Red Snapper, greens, potato salad and mac n cheese twice.
I also had fried chicken two sides of greens and red beans and rice.
Oxtails and gotta say I love the cornbread!
So good!!!
Service was cool, our waitress was very personable and funny, The chef over heard me talking about the food, came out introduced himself and we cracked a few jokes.
It truly was good home cooking.
Food came out fast and steaming hot just like I it!

My husband and I went here on Valentine's Day for breakfast.
Since we were the only one's there it was really intimate.
We ordered the Chicken n Waffle breakfast, VERY GOOD.
We will go back again but it will be for dinner.

OMG!
Great food!
The collard greens and black eyed peas were better than I grew up with!
No main entrée is even necessary.
I got the fried chicken and my wife got the ribs.
Each entrée comes with 3 sides.
My wife got the fried cabbage and Mac and cheese (e both got the greens).
I'm not a big Mac and cheese lover but couldn't help but steal a few bites of hers.
Simply awesome!
Best fried chicken in Vegas hands down!
The ribs were also good.
.. Good service with nice kids serving.
The young man that waited on us had a real passion for the food and it showed in his body language and words.
Dumbstruck going back soon!
Next is the catfish.
Saw it on a customers table.
Looked amazing!
That customer was very happy!

The best soul food I had in Vegas by far so if your in Vegas you might want to make the effort to get some good soul food

Ok, first I must say I was a bit turned off by the girls working behind the counter.
They had a tendency to play with their hair and not once thought about washing or sanitizing their hands.
I brought it to their attention.
They weren't happy with me but oh well.
Then a change of Shift and the scenario was completely different.
First let me say Thank You Ramon.
You made our stay fabulous.
When Ramon was working he sanitized the silverware.
Whenever he worked with someone's food he always had gloves on and was extremely pleasant.
Whenever he handled money he always sanitized afterwards.
I am impressed.
The restaurant is extremely clean, a good find no doubt.
The food brought back memories I cherish if being back in Greensboro North Carolina at my Aunt Sadie's home at dinner time.
Everything that came to us was flavorful and absolutely delicious.
Catfish and fried chicken, crispy and not greasy, an awesome cook.
Cabbage cooked with bacon wow, red beans and rice right out of the south.
Out of all the things that make me mad is the fact that I haven't found it before today.
Be Warned I will be back.

Introduced to this place on Monday this week, been here everyday since for lunch.
Best Catfish and Meatloaf ive ever had.
After having a meal here my belly feels so warm and satisfied.. Makes a crappy day amazing!!
Will be back here very often.

Very impressed!
My Chicken & Waffles craving led me to a long awaited bookmark, right next door to my favorite Hawaiian spot in town!
Ordered the Wingettes & Waffle (Lunch Special).
The chicken was good, crispy and juicy with a very tasty waffle!
Not my favorite chicken in town, but it was done well, and the waffle was great!
Eva had the Fried Pork Chops (Lunch Special).
Comes with two sides...we chose Black Eyed Peas and Collard Greens.
The pork chops were pretty much PERFECT!
Very thin, crispy and tender...so good!
Doesn't get much better than this guys!
On a side note, the Cornbread here is DELICIOUS!
It comes out piping hot with just the right amount of moisture inside....like a great cake.
It doesn't even need BUTTER!
And to finish, we were recommended the Peach Cobbler.
This was good as well.
I liked the crust/breading here...they make this fresh in-house.
Recommended!

The food here is excellent, I think the collard greens were the most outstanding item...really, really good!
We both had the fried chicken and it was fresh and super crispy.
Nice environment and the servers are very lovely.

Hands down best soul food joint I've had yet.
There are still a couple I haven't tried in Vegas.
So as of now this place takes the lead!
They are voted "Best soul food restaurant in Las Vegas" and they do live up to that reputation.
When you first walk in, it's kind of small but had a homey comfy feel.
The ladies there were very warm and welcoming.
Advising us we can take a seat where ever we feel comfortable.
Service was excellent.
Someone came and got our drinks and order real quick.
I ordered the smothered chicken, white meat.
It comes with 3 sides & also cornbread.
I got -- mashed potatoes, greens, & Mac n cheese.
And oh my goodness.
The mashed potatoes were one of the best I ever had.
Idk what they put in it but it was so creamy and the gravy accented the mashed potatoes just right.
The greens were pretty alright, nothing special about them though.
Mac n cheese was da bomb!
It had just the right amount of cheesiness.
Now let me tell you about the chicken!
The chicken was perfection.
Even tho it was fried, it wasn't dry, it was so moist!
I do recommend getting the white meat instead of dark because it does make a difference on the taste.
The beau got the chicken and waffles.
It doesn't come with sides but it does come with 3 chicken wings, eggs (your choice of how it's cooked) & comes with corn bread as well.
The portions are large so he could barely finish his 3rd chicken.
He loved and thought the chicken was delicious as well.
I'm impressed with this restaurant & will probably return when I need a little Soul in me.
Lol

My second attempt at Soul Food in Vegas landed me at EllaEm's.
I am much more pleased with this experience over Gritz Cafe.
I was greeted promptly by a beautiful young lady who was very attentive throughout my dining experience.
I ordered the fried pork chops with fried cabbage and collard greens.
My food arrived hot and the portion size was just right.
If you're looking for soul food in Vegas, the quest ends here.

We had a great meal here.
LOVED the fried chicken ( dark meat although you can get breast meat if you prefer), fried fish, and ribs.
Collard green were tasty, Mac and cheese a bit bland, yams were yummy (a little sweet for me but others liked them).
Service was terrific and super nice.
The only disappointment was the peach cobbler made with canned peaches and it had a soggy underdone crust.
No need for dessert anyway because portions are generous.
Give this place a try.

The best food ever I was again @ my favorite place to eat Saturday again I love the food & my pretty waitress

Southern food is an art.
I use the term southern, whereas EllaEm's and many of the cafes of this type in town use Soul Food.
I believe they are synonymous as both southern and soul food share almost all aspects.
They most unifying similarity is they are both born out of poverty, and this is what makes southern/soul food an art.
It is easy to make a fantastic meal when you have the finest cuts of meat and important spices with which to flavor the food.
However, when you have to create magic from the poorest cuts of meat, vegetables that are easy to grow and considered common, and your spice palate consist of little more than salt, pepper and broth that is the example of a true artist.
It is easy to paint when you have all the paints and a fine canvas, but to create something out of nothing with almost nothing shows real talent.
EllaEm's is artistry on display.
It is fine southern food with flavor to spare.
This is not a diet conscious restaurant where calories can be counted.
It is instead a representation of a culture where food is used as an offering of love, and often the best of times happen around a dinner table.
There is little pomp, and no circumstances here, just good food at a reasonable price...well mostly reasonable.
On my first visit I had the fried chicken (dark meat), fried cabbage, red beans and rice, mashed potatoes and gravy, and two corn muffins (my heart will never forgive me).
The chicken was excellent, very moist and fresh with a good crispy crust.
My one of only two complaints from the evening was there were only two pieces of dark meat chicken.
The sides made it more than enough for a fulfilling meal, but one more piece of chicken would have made me feel better about the order.
The red beans and rice were good, but not great.
The mashed potatoes with chicken gravy were to die for.
I must return to have the chicken and waffles with chicken gravy (for which my heart will once again curse me).
I had the fried cabbage at the suggestion of my friendly and courteous, albeit somewhat slow, server (second small complaint) .
The cabbage was perhaps the best part of the meal, and would win hands down if not for the corn muffin.
Go ahead and order two at the start because one is just not going to cut it.
I would like to give EllaEm's 4.5 stars because of the two small discrepancies I mentioned above.
I rounded up instead of down because ElleEm's is exactly the type of business I, and I hope you, like to support.
It is local owned, not in a fancy location, and providing a good service at a reasonable price.
I big you if you are wanting a good meal with a distinct American cultural edge, chose ElleEm's over any one of the worthless and "soulless" chain restaurants which litter our city.
It adds wonderfully to the burgeoning community Vegas has so long needed.

I guess the thing that messes things up for ElllaEm's is that I grew up on soul food in L.A. and it's simply better than any I've had in LV....M & Ms, Roscoe's Chicken N Waffles, Aunt Kizzy's Back Porch, Harold & Belles...you hear me knockin'?
Went with the chicken  and waffles and they were ok.
The chicken needs more seasoning and there needs to be a few more pieces on the plate.
The waffle needs to be pumped up some because they are a bit on the thin side and not too flavorful.
I would recommend there be a host/ hostess  posted  at the entrance because when you walk in you don't know what to do.
Do I wait  for a server or do I just pick my own seat?
Service needs to be faster as well, we waited far too long  for the amount of food we ordered.
Now, me and my out of town guests  were dead set on trying the peach cobbler but they said they ran out.
I love cobbler so I tried again on Sunday and they ran out again.
Still have not tried the cobbler.
I think EllaEm's excels at their sides.
The yams are some of the best anywhere.
The collard greens are excellent and the fried cabbage is pure perfection.
However,  the mac n cheese was just ok.   Prices are reasonable  and parking is really good.
There are several other good eateries within this shopping center as well.
For first timers I recommend ordering the pork chops, collard greens, yams and the cobbler......if you can find it.

I had the oxtails (which were excellent) and mac & cheese,  potato salad,  & black eye peas as sides.
Lysa ordered the fried chicken with greens, mac & cheese,  and steamed vegetables as sides.
The food was very well prepared and quite tasty.
No doubt we will be making regular visits here.
The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because of the less than stellar service that we got from the young man.
First of all, he didn't know the menu.
He tried hard enough but needs help.
We ordered the German chocolate cake for dessert and he said that we had to pay for it before he will serve it.
WHAT?!
In spite of that,  don't be surprised if you see us there.
Over and over again.

FOOD- awesome awesome awesome!!!!
ive only had the OX Tail and the waffles/chicken and it was absolutely delicious.
SERVICE- AWESOME.
The people are friendly, they ask how everything is doing, and they are very respectful.
Atmosphere- Great.
Price- The OX tail is pricey, but well worth it.
Very well could be the best Soul Food in las vegas... as it was rewarded for 2 years.
I dont like N. Las Vegas to begin with but i'm glad we at least have this on our side of town.

Came on Father's Day to check out the menu items as I was looking for some soul food.
I had the catfish, Mac cheese, greens, and mashed potatoes.
The catfish was great, the mashed potatoes were delicious.
I had the chicken gravy on my mashed potatoes.
The Mac cheese was very disappointing as were the greens.
The greens had too much of the stems left on them and the Mac cheese was dry and no cheese flavor.
The server was really nice but unfortunately the service was extremely slow.
They should also greet guest when they come in as we were unsure if we should stand in line and place the order for here or if we should sit and wait for the server.
The servers kept passing us by while we sat so my daughter stood in line and then asked if we had to give the order and then sit down.
Other guest were confused as well.
I will still come again but may just have my order to go.

First off, I am one picky SOB and do not take my soul food lightly.
I was skeptical of Ella Ems like I am of all restaurants.
Since this was my first visit I asked the woman behind the counter what she recommended.
I went with her recommendation and ordered the ox tails with collard greens, red beans and rice wth gravy.
I ordered my food to go because I left my boxer out of his crate and don't know if he will destroy anything.
Let me tell you every dish was seasoned and cooked to perfection.
Beans, greens, oxtails and rice.
The gravy was also delicious.
The only thing I did not care for was the cornbread muffin.
It is too sweet for my liking, it is closer to cornbread cake.
If the cornbread was more savory I would have given 5 stars.
The staff yet needs to be evaluated from a dine in standpoint and I will do that on my next visit.
Yes I will be back.
This establishment is definitely worth visiting.
What are you waiting for, go!
And now, the idis.....

EllaEm's popped my soul food cherry, and since I have absolutely nothing to compare it to (besides the chicken and waffles at Roscoe's), I'm gonna say that this place is freaking delicious.
I ordered the fried catfish.
It comes with any 3 sides of your choice.
I originally chose the Mac & cheese, potato salad, and mashed potatoes with beef gravy, but our waitress said they were out of potato salad at the moment so I settled for the candied yams instead.
My boyfriend ordered the Wingettes & Waffles, which is just chicken wings and a waffle.
The fried catfish was cooked great.
It wasn't too oily at all.
The Mac and cheese tasted no different from any other Mac and cheese but the mashed potatoes and candied yams were probably the best I ever had, and I don't even like yams lol.
The portions of both the catfish and the sides were huge.
So big that there was no way I could've finished it all no matter how hard I was trying.
My boyfriend's chicken and waffles were also delicious.
The waffle was kinda thin but it was still really flavorful to me.
I didn't try the fried chicken wings by itself but the way they cook their chicken and their homemade waffle recipe made for a perfect combination.
About 15 minutes after we started eating, our waitress came back to our table with a side of potato salad for me, on the house, because she felt bad that they didn't have any when she took my order.
So that was really nice.
The potato salad was just okay though /: I actually felt kinda bad that I didn't like it more than I did since she was giving it to me for free and all lol.
I'd rate their service a 4.9 out of 5 though.
Only because when we first walked in we were instantly confused.
We weren't greeted at the door by a hostess or anything so we weren't sure if we were supposed to go up to the counter and order or wait to be seated or seat ourselves.
(FYI you seat yourselves) Out waitress was really nice.
She took care of us; never let our cups go empty, checked up on us an appropriate amount of times, made us feel comfortable and at home, and she even complimented me on my eyes lol.
(I gave her an extra couple dollars for her tip for that one haha) By reading the reviews, I noticed a lot of people complaining about how "slow" their service is.
I am wholeheartedly disagreeing with that.
Yeah, they're not fast food restaurant speedy, but for the fact that they're actually COOKING their food made to order and for how much food they put on the plate, their service is undeserving of being called slow.
But that's just my opinion.
All in all, very good.
And I will definitely be going back again... and again and again and again lol.

Stopped in for carry out.
Food:   Delicious  Service:    Awesome  Price:   Very Reasonable  WILL BE BACK !!
I loved the mashed potatoes !

I came to Las Vegas, NV from San Diego, CA in June 2014 to visit my daugther who is a teacher.
I asked her to take me to a good soul food place and she took me to EllaEm's.
I ordered the Oxtails and my dauther ordered the Barbeque Ribs.
OMG, the food was great!
The customer service was outstanding and the price is right!
I have told everyone in San Diego how great the food and service was at EllaEm's.
So get ready EllaEm's you will see me again and several others from San Diego.
From now on when I 'm visiting my daugther, EllaEm's is on my list as the place to eat.

Went on a recommendation of a friend and they where right.
Best okra, home style Mac and cheese, delicious mash potatoes and fried chicken.
Homemade lemonade was yummy!
If you like good old fashion home cooking this is the place!

