Autumn does a fabulous job on my hair when ever I'm in the Scottsdale area.
The salon is charming and the staff is welcoming.
I've had a number of different cuts and color combination and they were all great.
I really appreciate the turn around time too.
You can get in and out in a reasonable amount of time and look like you spent half your day in a salon.

Autumn's Hair Studio is so cute, comfortable, but at the same time keeping that trendy edge.
Autumn does a wonderful job with coloring hair too.
Every time I'm there it seems like people are having a terrific time.
Even the people waiting!
I've always loved my hair when I walk out of the salon.
What more can you ask?

I don't think I have ever had so many compliments on my hair before!
I have had people I just met comment on my color, my bangs, the style, everything!
And I just let Autumn do her magic!
Never again going to a Great Clips!

Awful!
My daughters hair turned out GREY/GREEN ASHY!
When I brought her back to salon to show them they said they didn't see any gray green or ashy!
They said they did what my daughter wanted.
Who would want their hair green & gray?
They had damaged ashy hair too, no wonder they saw nothing wrong!!
BE AWARE!
Don't let anyone do color unless you have seen their work.
Unprofessional and would not refund money.
We are stuck with green hair and an expensive lesson;(

Autumn is fantastic!
I have been going to her for a few years for color and hair extensions and she does the BEST work in the Valley!
My color is always perfect and I've kept my extensions in for 7-8 months (normally, extensions are supposed to last 4-6 months)!!
Autumn has taken me from platinum blonde to brunette... back to blonde... and my hair was not damaged, fried or broken.
She is a perfectionist and she will always work to make your hair look its best.
Plus, she's great at working her clients in, in a pinch!
She's always on the ready - just one text away.
I don't know any other hair dresser who is as accommodating.
I highly recommend you give Autumns Hair Studio a try - you will not be disappointed!!
(Plus, her salon is not snobby - whenever I'm in there, her clients are friendly and warm; and a "hair appointment" turns into what feels like an afternoon hanging out with the girls.
It's a blast!

I have been going to Autumn for the past three years and my hair has never looked so good!
My mom, who lives in Boston, and is in the beauty business herself, flies to Arizona just to get her hair cut and colored by Autumn.
She is that incredibly talented.
Go visit her you will not be disappointed!

Autumn gave me a new life!!!
I am BLONDE!!
And, now I can even go to MENSA Meetings^_^ Seriously, they are the best.
I'm due to go back and I can't wait!!

I don't think i can say enough about how much i love Autumn and her studio!
She is a master colorist!
Seriously!
I cannot recommend her enough!

I'm a guy.....but my wife loves this place, I give her a surprise appointment every couple of months and she always says great things about this place...husbands, send your wives here, she'll come back happy and hot.

Autumn always finds time to fit you in-no need to schedule 6 weeks in advance like so many places in Scottsdale.
I have short straight hair and her cuts always lay beautifully and last 8 weeks.
She has a real talent for creating the perfect style that's just right for you.
Highly recommended!

I used to go to a fancy Scottsdale salon... until I received a Groupon for Autumn's Salon.
I have been coming here ever since!
I love the salon, it's small and has a very personal feel, but is in a nice part of Old Town Scottsdale.
I also have frequently texted Autumn and she has squeezed me in  last minute for an appointment when she didn't have to.
My husband goes to her as well for his hair, and loves it.
I also have amazing extensions I am in love with that have lasted almost 8 months!
What more can I say??
Go see Autumn!
You won't be disappointed!

I have been patronizing this salon for years and have never had a bad hair day!
:) The atomosphere is casual and very friendly (for a Scottsdale Salon!
LOL!
) Just this week I decided I needed a trim for a special occassion and she worked me right in!
Seems I see the same people over and over on my visits which tells me she keeps her clientel happy and coming back...which is a good sign at any salon!
Any doubts???
Just look at my hair!
:) (fits nicely under my crown!

Can not say enough good things about Autumn!
She does an amazing job and it's always a good time when you go there.
Between her and Margarita, they do an amazing job of getting everything done.
She's super easy to schedule appointments with via text and will always somehow fit you in.
I've tried other places with groupons, etc but I always end up going back to Autumn.
It's the best place in Scottsdale and more than affordable.
Go!
It'll be worth it!

Autumn is absolutely fantastic.
I was having issues with my extensions and she fixed what seemed like an unfixable mess.
I have been going back to her ever since.
Plus, she is so friendly, it is always a fun experience to be in her studio.
I highly recommend Autumn's Hair Studio!

I was recommended to Autums salon by Jennifer L (previous review) and I have not been disappointed.
In fact Autum cares so much that you like your hair that she fixed mine for free!!!!
Reading a previous review about green/ash color and not caring is just not believable.
Autum cares very much what her client likes and feels.
Not to mention you will get THE BEST BLOW OUT EVER.
I sometime go just for a blow out for her amazing sidekick Margherita.
It is a very comfortable atmosphere and never pretentious.
Two chairs and a bunch of fun.
One recommendation because it's so casual bring snacks or laptop because no one will look at you weird.
Get work done while getting processed.

I love this salon!
My hair is always the best and the service is amazing!!
Love you guys!
Thank you always having 100% great customer service !

As always Autum crushes.
I went from my usual ombré brownish/red to strawberry blonde.
Autum did such a god job I had a natural red head compliment my hair thinking I was natural.
I can't wait to see what we do next!!!

I love seeing Autumn!
I have been going to her for my hair for 4 years now and I will never go anywhere else.
Not only does she have an eye for color and style, taking my hair from chestnut brown, to light blonde, to 2 various shades of ombre (which I received nothing but compliments on), back to brown...
I refer so many people to her I feel like I should carry her card around :)

