The Wesley Bolin Memorial Park completes the whole capitol mall area.
Numerous monuments honoring veterans and commemorating the lives lost in America's wars make it interesting and a place to be respected.
Cool statues and green grass also make this a nice place to spend a shady afternoon.
I found that it's a great place to relax and unwind.
Not to mention the fact that you're in close proximity with the gorgeous capitol building!

Located around the state capitol, this park serves as a memorial for fallen officers and vets.
Multiple statues and memorials, as well as a large community green area around Jefferson & 17th.
The park also serves as a local running course for many events such as the Run to Remember, the Phoenix 10K and the start of the PF Chang marathon/half marathon.
The course is fast and flat and makes for a good running experience through the streets to Phoenix.
The above mentioned green space allows tired runners a nice spot to relax and refresh.

I was pleasantly surprised with this memorial park.
It has several monuments and statues all spread out which you can take a nice little stroll around.
It's also surrounded by the Senate and House of Representatives buildings as well as the courthouse and the State Capitol Museum.

A great place to wonder an afternoon away.
Numerous monuments for WWII, Vietnam, Korea, Fallen Peace Officer, even  Sept 11 monument.
Large grass park easy for kids to run.
Parking is free and easy to access.

Lovely park filled with history.
I was exploring downtown and enjoyed taking it in along with the beautiful capitol grounds.
Only thing that would make it better is a water fountain!

Stumbled upon this Memorial Park while in Downtown Phoenix and found it to be a perfect way to spend the rest of our trip to Arizona.
Fairly large park of Korea, WWII, Vietnam, Fallen Officers and September 11th tributes in forms of sculptures and monuments.
All of which are greatly information, but do a good job of providing history on those who fought in the war with great honor and providing remembrance of those who have fallen for freedom.
Great to stroll through, run around on the grass or sit in the shade kind of park.
Parking is also free.

