I love Fresh and Easy, the man and I come here for pizza essentials, like fresh made pizza dough, fresh goat cheese, and tomatoes.
The staff is very friendly and eager to help.
I find it very convenient that  there is self checkout and their prices are very reasonable.

Fresh and easy has been a good market in a pinch, it's not a full grocery store substitute but if you want something fresh and pretty flavorfull it's worth the trip.
Fresh and easy has been helpful many a Friday at home night supplying things like Brie and other delicous and low priced cheeses.
Honestly pices for goat cheese and feta are cheaper then any supermarket and better quality it's worth it for cheese's of the world alone.
Also you can technically try anything in the store, I'm sure toiletries as well as some pastas don't count but they have a huge selection of really good pre made meals, which until recently weren't really healthy hence the fat woman in the picture I posted.
Either way I'm not proof reading this and writing it on my iPod touch so I apologize if this review is not my best but overall I really like fresh and easy, they have good quality foods not usually found in grocery stores, are healthier than take out( barely) and great on a stay home Friday or weekend, check it out you will find something you like or something good for lunch at work.
:) that's a smiley as if to show this place is friendly and I welcome you to visit.

Love the freshly made items..
Perfect for flight crew..like me... Or singledom.. :-).. Fresh veggies, fruit..
Dairy.. All that you need ..
It's not a complete, over huge grocery store ..
So don't go there looking For 2000 options of shampoo..
But you can get your fresh, quick & easy all right here.. (my god..
I sound like a radio ad)

I had heard that they sold British bacon, so I decided to stop by.
At first I thought they were closed because I didn't see any cars in the parking lot.
Then I saw the entrance was over to the side and there were 2 cars.
The store was nice and empty of customers.
The produce and food was displayed very nicely.
The store was clean and welcoming.
And yes, they have English bacon!
Yum yum!
And it's much cheaper than going to the British shop over on Hayden and McDowell!
Self checkout was a breeze.
I would definitely come here again.

This is a great quick place to shop if you want to be in and out.
It is very small bug has all of the essentials.
My one complaint is that they don't have much of a selection in produce.
And if they have a buy two deal you have to buy two.
For example I was there last night and needed a cucumber.
Well they only had packages of two so I had to buy two.
What a waste but I really needed one.

My rating went down, because I love F&E ...
But not when the lady I always see there is rude...
Sorry F&E .. Dont make me drive over to 7th..

I'm a big fan of their strawberry water and if I'm looking for a better lunch than what I have at home I'll swing by and pick up a salad from here.
They have a good selection- and it's constantly expanding.

My sister introduced me to F&E and I must say, I was underwhelmed.
In her defense, she's only been the one in Scottsdale and was a little put out with this location.
I knew in advance that you check yourself out and bag your own food which was not a problem.
The prices on the F&E line of products is a little lower than other stores, but the name brand stuff is priced too high.
They were charging $9.00 for a bag of Starbucks coffee when Target AND Walgreens sell it for $8.00.
So, we're in line bagging our food and the machine has some defaults.
We got an error message a few times then it would flash "wait for a cashier.
" The cashier would come over, enter a code and then we could proceed.
That happened 3 times.
I decided to scan my food quickly before I received another error message...too late.
Suddenly everything stopped working for everyone in line.
None of the employees knew the necessary code because "we are all from a different store!
" One of the cashiers found the manager and everything was working again.
I'm not going to say that I won't ever go back, but next time I'll anticipate delays.

I'm a big fan of Fresh & Easy.
I was sad when I heard they were closing down some of their stores, fortunately they left the store open.
Food quality is great, very convenient, lots of self checkout aisles.
Sorry that a number of their locations have shut down.

So "fresh and easy" is how I like my women but I'm not sure if I can say the same about my grocery stores.
I bought vegetables from here once and they seemed to spoil a LOT quicker than those from your average Fry's  or Safeway.
Do they ship this stuff all the way from the  UK or something?
This might be an ok place to buy tea and  crackers and bread and Nutella and all sorts of stuff  pommies eat but for your general grocery shopping I find  it lacking unless I "settle" on the brands they have or the  closest thing to what I acutally want.
Self checkout but I'm  used to that by now.
You also bag your own but one of the  employees bagged it all for me.
Perhaps she was bored but I  thought that was nice of her.
Plenty of parking all around  the building.
This is a "once in a blue moon" kind of place  for me.

There close out fruits and vegetables are so affordable, I can eat them none stop.
I'm not the greatest on pricing for other items, but they appear to be reasonable.
The products that I did but were unique and flavorful.
Looking for other locations in the Phoenix area because I work all over the valley.

This store has an incredible staff.
Its employees are always helpful.
Love this place, feel like I am at home.
This is where I do 80% of my shopping.
Some amazing fish is sold here.

Very clean, staff is friendly.
I only bought a salad for lunch (southwest quinoa salad), but I liked it so much that I took a picture of the ingredients so I can try to replicate it at home.
I just signed up for their rewards card, too.
It's not the biggest grocery store in the world, but it has the basics.

I finally got fed up enough with dealing with the tweakers and other various psychos that frequent Walmart so I decided to drive a little farther than normal and check out Fresh & Easy.
It's very bright and clean and everything is laid out nicely.
Very easy to find everything and I like that they don't have lots of options for different brands of items (why are there 27 thousand different companies who make ketchup anyway???
)  They focus on quality rather than quantity and I for one appreciate that.
Not to mention that their prices are awesome too!
Who would have thought quality and affordable could work together?
I will definitely plan a little extra travel time in order to shop here from now on.

Love this F&E location.
It is always clean, staff is always friendly and the food is always great looking.
The fact that they offer organics, local brands, as well as, your typical Kraft Mac and Cheese boxes is a huge bonus.
This makes it higher on my list than Sprouts or Trader Joe location since they don't carry mainstream brands alongside their local selections.
I like that I can find Charmin toilet paper, organic veggies and ready made meals all in one place!

The US arm of English food giant Tesco.. LOVE the selection of English food that I can't find elsewhere (or at reasonable prices at least) such as Heinz cream of tomato soup, Sharwoods curry related offerings, Baxters French Onion... Also a reasonable selection of other items at fair prices and never too busy or crowded.

I love Fresh & Easy, one of my favorite stores to grocery shop at.
There isn't even one near my house anymore and I drive the distances to make it to this one.
One thing I'm upset about, which is no knock on this specific location and more about the company in general, is the fact they keep shutting down locations!
7th st and Thunderbird shut down, 35th ave and Greenway shut down, one off 43rd ave and bell shut down, and when I googled my phone for another location it had shut down too.
Thankfully I found this one which I'm absolutely terrified will disappear!
On the upside, the locations I always went to shut down extremely early, between 8-9pm each location and they were closed around 6 on sundays.
This specific location is open early, closes nice and late like a regular and normal grocery store.
It's the only place I will go to buy fish, I refuse to buy it anywhere else.
It's fresh and delicious, and their pre made items make you look like a professional chef when all you have to do it pop it in the oven.
If you're a health and organic junky, this place is for you.
It's like Sprouts and Trader Joe's but I feel it's better.
As long as they are here they will always have my business.
Friendly staff, plenty of parking, decent prices for the organics, never an issue with a check out line, clean store, and delicious food.

I go to this location occasionally when I need to pop in for something organic.
It's a very clean store however they don't have a large selection on vegetables or fruit.
I have to go to sprouts if I want a better organic selection for this type of item.
They do have organic milk creamer some organic cheeses but I haven't seen any organic meat.
It's very good just to pop in and grab something when I'm out.
If I need a lot of things I'll go to Trader Joe's or sprouts but this is great for convenience

