A little shout out love for my church =) The Rock kind of reminds me of the Cheers theme song...."Where Everybody Knows Your Name.
"  A church where you can't walk in and out without being noticed and in a good way....trust me I tried escaping unnoticed the first time I visited....it didn't work =) It's a real environment with real people....and most of all we support each other when life gets difficult.
God has shown us what it means to love....and in return it pours out of the people at the Rock....  Pastor Chris Tong shares messages from the Scripture but makes it real by sharing his life experiences.
The Rock is all about reaching and helping the community....Each year, we put on a community BBQ event Memorial Day weekend and each month we feed the homeless at Ethel Pearson Park.
If you're new to the area and interested in finding a community of believers, come check us out!
You won't leave without receiving at least one hug =)

Not a perfect church, but a church with real people that really care.
A church that would rather grow in spiritually one at a time building disciples rather than 1000s of still wandering sheep.
I agree with Theresa's review.
Its a multigenerational and cultural church all aiming for one thing.
To grow closer to God through Christ Jesus.
I no longer live in Vegas, but the Rock will ne a forever home... Miss ya'll

The Rock is a warm, friendly church with a family feel.
The worship is fresh and dynamic.
My kids really enjoy the children's ministry and my husband and I are continually learning and challenged by the scripture based messages.
The Rock is a church that we look forward to attending each week.

Was in Las Vegas for the CES Show and being early I could find no reason not to go to Church.
Hit up Google and found The Rock and boy am I glad I did.
As stated in other reviews, the people are friendly and welcoming.
The sense of family caring is easily seen and the worship band was awesome.
The Pastor provided a great message on "6 principles for running the race to win" which encouraged "getting in the game" (for Christ) and being prepared through training and disciple.
The Rock is looking for and working towards finding a permanent home from which they can affect people's lives in a positive way for Jesus.
Keep this church, congregation and   Pastor in your prayers.
And hey, if your ever in Vegas go to Church!

Ok folks, listen up!
If you are looking for a Godly church where the people are real and you want to hear sermons that will move you, this is the place.
The pastor is sensitive, caring as well as the entire staff.
I attended for a couple years while living their and let me tell you, it changed me.
Highly recommend to anyone, including the broken hearted.
Can't leave a Sunday without hugs from everyone.

My husband and I moved to Vegas in Feb this year, so we needed to find a new church.
We decided to search on yelp and found this church having good reviews (that the church is loving any legit).
So we tried this one out as our first pick.
And it turned out that it is really God's guidance to come to this church!
I can see God's love through the brothers and sisters there, and that is very important as it shows that God really dwells in this church.
No way we can love without Jesus and the Holy Spirit in us.
Everyone is also honest, sincere and genuine.
So we are very happy that we finally found a church we can grow in.
The small gatherings are awesome as that is the time for brothers and sisters to share deeply and support each other at times of trials.
The gathering times are indeed a time we poured our hearts out for God and each other.
It is not simply socializing.
And we can be transparent with each other without condemnation.
Forgiveness is also nurtured here.
Meanwhile we support each other to follow God's ways and please God.
Everyone supports each other through prayers and God's truth.
It is for real that "the truth will set you free".
I accepted Christ since I was a kid, have been in different churches since I was a kid; had been looking for a church to have deep growth for ages......and I think I finally found it here.
I can't thank God enough for this.
I can see that God really uses the pastors and leaders there, as they all love God and have the passion and love to feed the sheep (us).
I have to note that if you are looking for something " perfect" (flawless), no church will fit your bill.
If you have a hard time to find a church that is loving, accepting, forgiving and non-condemning, if you feel broken and afraid that no one accepts you, then you should come to the Rock.
You will find Jesus and His true love here.
I felt broken and wounded for long, had been in dead valley for so long.
Now God is breathing life in me again and reviving me through this church.

I can't tell you enough about these people here.
I am new to Las Vegas and they have made me feel at home and at ease.
They don't ask for money, they do hug you and want to share the love of God.
Especially for me who wanted to take part in the worship team music, they made room right away and have impressed me with their honest prayers.
I have learned so much from Pastor Chris who is a real genuine person, and his team follows his lead.
If your in town or just wondering what it would be like to go to a church this place may be the place for you to try out.
It's growing and you can be a part of that growth, which will make you realize what it really means to be a Christian.
I mean a real Christian.
Love all, love hard and love God.

