So happy to be the first to review this wonderful new Thai spot!
As I am the first I'm going to be a bit... verbose.
That is my nature by default and here I feel it is somewhat justified, so pardon the upcoming lack of concision.
I'm one of those who rates Thai food right after sushi as far as favorite cuisines go.
As such, I have tried just about every Thai restaurant in the valley [and have many favorite dishes at varying places].
Thai Paradise is newcomer but it does a stellar job of living up to its name.
The decor is pleasant, bright and vibrant.
The chairs are the weakest link comfort-wise, but they're not major enough of a hindrance to prevent enjoying the food.
It's pretty small and as such there aren't very many tables [I didn't count but I'd guess it wouldn't seat more than 20 at a time].
Went there to eat dinner with six other hungry [or, four hungry, two starving] yogis after a heated yoga class at the always excellent Inner Vision Yoga [just one mile west of this restaurant].
Upon arrival we ordered drinks and apps [Thai Iced Tea, Iced Coffee, "Thai Lemonade," crab puffs and egg rolls].
Drinks came out immediately, and were all delicious.
I am not much of a coffee drinker but I would down one of those Thai Coffees any day of the week.
VERY tasty [same for the Iced Tea].
The lemonade is homemade and tasted like it had lime and also some salt in it.
I wasn't really crazy about the salt to be honest, as I LIKE the puckery sourness of lemonade.
One diner said it tasted like a virgin margarita, and that's pretty right on.
The apps arrived and this was our first indication that we were in for really excellent service.
The orders come with six to an order, which we knew would leave one person wanting in our party of seven... Not so!
As the owner added an extra of each with no charge so we could all enjoy.
The crab puffs and egg rolls were fantastic, but the real star of the appetizer course was the dipping sauce.
Unexpectedly subtle and complex in flavor, clearly not a throwaway.
Not that plasticy sweet n sour garbage you get at a lot of places, this was delicate but flavorful and perfect for balancing the richness of the fried food.
The entrées arrived very promptly and all were delicious.
I am a fan of a lot of heat in my Thai food, but we were doing it family style so I couldn't order anything 'thai hot.
' I'll be back very soon to try that level of spice so I can comment on it.
As they were, everything was very tasty.
We tried several old standbys: Pad Thai, [Tofu] Red Curry and Pad see ew.
All were fabulous [though I wish we could've ordered them hotter].
We also ordered some of the place's special dishes that are definitely not Thai standards.
"Rama shrimp" is fried shrimp in a panang-ish curry on top of fresh spinach and served with crispy noodles.
Pretty great, unlike anything I've had before.
My favorite though was the "Seafood Spaghetti" Ridiculous amount of flavor in this dish.
Scallops, mussels, shrimp and actual spaghetti with some kind of INSANE sauce.
Didn't get a chance to try their mango sticky rice dessert, which is my favorite dessert in all of dessert-dom, but will definitely do so next time.
The value of this place is phenomenal, great portion sizes for very reasonable prices.
Clearly the owners recognize that serving amazing food at a great price is a recipe for success.
All in all I can't wait to eat here again and try more of the menu.
Like, all of it.
edit: I just wanted to elaborate, as I've had some messages inquiring about the value...
When I say value, I mean it!
Seven of us ate for $67 dollars.
That's including drinks and appetizers.
Ridiculous, given the tastiness of it all.

The sauce for the Seafood Choo Chee was absolutely fabulous and I would return just to drink their Thai Tea again!

My husband and I live near the plaza where this business just opened.
The plaza itself doesn't really have a good long term relationships with small restaurants.
Sandwiched between the Goodwill and the JCC is the latest restaurant-one Thai Paradise.
I have a soft spot for Thai, so we walked over to try it out.
In all honesty, I was expecting a dive: bad lighting and mediocre food.
We walked in to a darkly painted interior, candles on the tables, and a water fountain!
The prices seemed pretty reasonable-gave the impression that they actually were using good ingredients.
All the entrees come with a free drink which includes Thai iced tea or coffee.
I ordered the Thai iced tea, and it came with crushed ice!
The tea was the right consistency-too many places water it down.
I ordered curry noodles and my husband ordered pad see ew.
When they brought out our food, they also brought a little condiment tray.
They recommended which sauces would go great with each dish.
The entrees were so amazing!
The sauces had great depth and complexity.
We went back again today for lunch.
The lunch specials are $5.95 and come with soup or salad and a drink.
Yum!
I ordered pad Thai and my husband ordered the chicken satay.
Both excellent.
I plan on eating here often.
I hope other people do too because I really would like an amazing Thai restaurant within walking distance.
They give discounts to certain local businesses.
They also give 30% off to cops in uniforms.
And they have a small delivery area.
I don't think they serve alcohol.
But maybe they allow BYOB?
I also want to say I really love their serveware...it's all really different pieces.
Here's some pictures I took: http://www.flickr.com/photos/maventheavenger/sets/72157622397320733/

I go to Thai community church in Gilbert and Thai people love this restaurant.
My Thai friend, he is a single guy, eat there 3-7 days a week since he does not cook.
He said the food is authentic and close to the taste of his home food.
So.. what else can I say?
I went there 2 week the first time I got introduced.
There is a special order only on Saturday or Sunday and not in the menu, only exlusive people know (which is only Thai community know), you have to call to ask about that special menu, the one that I tried is Kao Mun Gai.
It is like heaven!
It is a thai version of hainamese chicken rice dish.
O gosh..
I just want to go there again to just eat that.
Last Sunday I tried the lunch special of curry noodle.
It is excellent!!
I recommend this place definitely!

Update: as of the first of the year, they are no longer offering free iced thai tea and iced coffee; although they are offering free soda with a dinner entree purchase.

Oh no....
I just ate all the crab puffs.
This place makes everything from scratch, even the sweet and sour sauce.
The curry is the best around and the Pad Thai, Basil Chicken and Sweet and Sour Chicken rocks!
Come here and taste the difference.
Best Thai food in Chandler!

Had TomYum, spicy basil chicken, & musman curry.
Soup was good, very flavorful but needed more veggies 7/10 Musman curry was ok, I've had much better, it was too thin and not much flavor 5/10 Spicy basil chicken was very good 8/10  Taste: 7/10 Quality: 7/10 Service: 9/10 Variety: 10/10

Stopped in for a quick lunch today.
Small place in a strip mall that feels like every other hole in the wall Thai place you've ever been to in the valley.
I would guess it would sit about 30 people total.
The lunch special started with a chicken vegetable soup that was really simple and tasty.
I had the pork Pad Thai (medium spicy level).
Food was tasty, just the right amount of spice and served with a small egg roll.
Thai Lemonade was...um...interesting.
Definitely agree with other reviews that note lime and salt in the mix.
Refreshing but I don't know that I would call it lemonade in any classic sense.
Recommended.

I had the Pork See-ew (lunch special #2) with flat noodles and soup.
It was excellent.
I had the medium (which is between the lowest mlld and hottest - spicy Thai) which I found to be perfect spicy - just enough to make me sweat a little bit...
The soup was very good too.
The place is not in a "great" area, but the restaurant was clean and felt like a cool place to eat.
We were there as a group of 4 and were alone from 11:00 to 11:45.
Food was delivered pretty quickly and soup was brought out very quickly.
Soup...  Service was not really great.
It wasn't bad per-se, but the waitress was not very friendly.
Felt more put out that she had to be working...
But she did a god job with orders and such, just not very polite/friendly.
I'd still go there again for sure!

my boyfriend and i stopped in for lunch one day but just barely missed the lunch specials.
Darn!
i love panang curry with a passion.
whenever i am about to eat it or when i am craving it i imagine all the terrific spices that give it a real kick.
unfortunately when i smothered my rice with my curry and chicken i took my bite and was just kind of stuck.
it tasted as though my curry had been watered down IMMENSELY.
based on the fact that i feel as though i got the wrong order or something i am scared to even try anything else.
my boyfriend said that the pad thai was good but did not say if it was any better or worse than my favorite spot in arizona  Thai Rama oh how i love that place.
but of course not more than my favorite place in tracy, CA.
But this place was just ehhhh for me.
never going back.

Second time here.
Still like the place.
I had the chicken BBQ.
It was a special not on the menu.
The chicken was well marinated and cooked.
I feel like the rice could be better, but I am not complaining!
For less than 10$ this place is a steal .
Very tidy and clean especially considering the price of the food.
What's even better is that the chicken is halal!

Had lunch on a hot Sunday.
They are not open but owner will whip up lunch for you while he's prepping the next weeks food.
Had pad see ewe - good.
Had Khao Soi (curry noodle soup) - hard to find and often bad -downright awesome, just like I had in Chiang Mai - turn out owner is from there.
Makes authentic Nam Prik (look it up) if you ask.
Damn!
right here in Chandler, I'm tearing up.
Going in the rotation for sure.

Very bad.
I won't be back.
The first sign was there were no Asians eating there.
Should have been a clue.
Having lived in several Asian countries for many years I know what authentic Thai food is.
This isn't it.

Overall: For the price the food is better than most.
Not my first, or second choice, but it would be my 3rd in the Chandler area.
Ambiance: 1 - old, run down strip mall location Decor: 1 - not a place you want to stay in.
Clean, yes but really made to be a take out location Food quality: 3 - I think the quality was good Food quantity: 3 - portions were decent but lacked meat/veggies in the curry dishes.
Food preparation: 4 - everything was properly cooked.
Service: 5 - very nice people, very attentive  Green curry... A bit thin IMO, good flavor just to light for me.
Steak salad...
Loved the flavors.
A bit small for the cost.
Need to chop up the cabbage, not leave a chunk on the plate.
Musman curry... very thin, lacked flavor, very average overall TomYum... pretty flavorful, about middle of the road for this soup.

I've heard a few people say that this place is pretty good, and the people who run it are originally from Thailand who then moved to Tucson, then to Phoenix.
I had Green Curry, and I thought it was good, but it definitely didn't have me shoveling for more.
According to my friend who was with me, the sticky rice with mango was excellent, but I'm not a fan of sticky rice, so I won't let it influence my review.
The staff was friendly, the food was ok, so I rate it with A-OK.  Won't be visiting again though.
I had: Green Curry Thai Ice Tea

This place isn't horrible, but I wouldn't go back if I had a choice.
Like a previous review, I have to agree that the location wasn't that great, it's a dying strip mall, but I never let location influence my judgment of the place, as for the atmosphere, it's nothing special or awful, it's forgettable.
Now the reason for the rating is the food.
It's ok, but I'm not a Thai food connoisseur, so I'm just judging on how much I like it.
It tasted fine, but it didn't rock my taste buds or have me give a pause and wonder what in the awesome world did I just awesomely put in my mouth!
It's a restaurant you probably would visit when you are hungry, all the other restaurants are closed and you happen to be in the neighborhood.
Nothing horrible about the place, but nothing memorable either.
I had: Curry (I think it was green curry) Sticky Rice with Mango (I will never try this desert again) Thai Ice Tea (Not bad, pretty good)  And like this review, this restaurant is rather bland.

This is a tiny surprise in an otherwise unassuming Chandler strip mall.
No, it's not the most beautiful locale but then decorations are NOT why we go to a restaurant.
It's the food and the service, both of which at Thai Paradise are exceptional.
We have been to this lovely oasis several times now and have never had a bad experience.
(Including the time I mistakenly ordered my Drunken Noodle "Thai Hot" which was wonderful if firey.
) All of the curries are wonderful but Panag Curry stands out.
A broad menu with many different types of homemade dishes prepared with skill and love sets Thai Paradise apart from it's contemporaries.
The lunch time specials include a lovely soup that is simple but that you find yourself wanting more of.
It is difficult to choose any one dish to praise here since all of the meals we've enjoyed here have been wonderful, with nothing tarnishing any of our visits.
The owners are very friendly and only too happy to explain about anything on the menu.
All of their dishes can be ordered either mild, medium, hot or Thai Hot.
This last should be dared only by true lovers of heat because while it never drowns the the flavors like at other Thai places it is intensely hot.
I myself perfer the hot while my wife is pleased by the medium, truely everyone can enjoy Thai food with no fears of searing their lips shut.
Gather your friends together and visit Thai Paradise, you won't even remember it's in a strip mall, we never do.

Thai Paradise may not have the best location or with the best decorations, but I find that of the Thai restaurants that I have visited, that this is one of the better choices.
With friendly service, good food, and reasonable prices, I would recommend this restaurant to anybody.
I have not had many of the dishes, but I also have not been disappointed in any of the dishes which I did partake in.
I especially enjoy the red curry beef at the spiciest degree and Thai tea (though the Thai coffee and lemonade are enjoyable too).
I have to agree in regards to it being a more authentic cuisine though.
Thai Paradise is culturally owned by Thai, the employees are Thai, and it is frequented by Thai people which are part of my social circle.
The setting may not be completely Thai, but the Thai restaurant is not the first restaurant at this location.
If you have not tried this restaurant, I encourage you to try it out!

Not the TOP spot for Thai, but definitly worth the prices.. Great food, good Prices, and very tentative service.. Not the best location, but the food is great.
We had the Red Beef Curry, and Pad see ew, bboth were great.
Cant wait to go back and try other dishes,.
Next will be the drunken noodle.
If my job was close by, this would be a weekly rotation nominee

I've been to Thai Paradise several times now since they've changed ownership some time last year.
I mainly order for take out but have dined in once or twice.
The food here is quite yummy and the prices are reasonable.
They offer lunch specials daily until 3 which is a bonus for when I'm craving Thai food for lunch on the weekend.
I also like the fact that there is no price hike up for the same dish just because it's dinner time on their regular menu.
Portions are pretty generous and a regular order usually gives me two meals.
*What seperates this from other Thai places in the area:   -They have thai spicy spaghetti here (like Noodle World in CA) -They have Thai Boat Noodles (only place I know of in AZ)  Also on my last visit, I've noticed they got some new tables and chairs which made the place much nicer.
I also like the huge city lights portrait on one of the walls.
The decor is simple but it works.
*Side note: minimum $10 purchase for cards.

PL2.
Pad See-ew stir-fried flat noodle, egg, broccoli, black sweet soy sauce and your choice of meat  was great... not quite as good as SWADEE but the prices are...  ALSO Weekends do not have LUNCH SPECIAL... Kind of shocked me when i got my bill..   Will definitely be going back..
This could easily be a weekly stop.. (During Lunch Mon-Fri)

I was pleasantly surprised by the food since then ambiance and location is not impressive at all.
We had Crab Rangoons, Pad Thai, Panang curry and sweet n spicy Fish.
I thought the fish was a bit soggy and could be more crisp but the sause was great.
Overall, I think I will go back since it is a minute away from where I live.
They also deliver within a couple of miles for a delivery charge of $1.50.

A MUST TRY!
My husband and I have been searching for good Thai food in the area.
We were not expecting a lot as we have yet to find good Thai food here in Arizona.
At Thai Paradise were pleasantly surprised with the authenticity of the cuisine.
The food here is fantastic!!!!
Definitely bursting with flavor and Thai Hot was perfectly spicy.
A great kick but not too much that it was over powering any of the great flavors.
My husband ordered the Curry Noodles with Chicken and I had the Spicy Basil with Beef.
Both were delicious!
And echoing what Jamie M. wrote, great depth and complexity in the flavors!
We enjoyed it much more than Thai Rama.
We're glad we tried this place, we'll definitely be back!

This place looks a lot worse than it is.
The poorly shot photos of their food on their windows and walls do not do them any favors.
I wound up eating here by chance when I was bringing back a group of teens to the JCC a few doors down--we had a few minutes for lunch before bringing the rest of the kids back to tucson.
Most of the kids wound up in the mexican place next door, and seeing as we were pressed for time, I decided that Id get some thai food since I love thai.
I asked the lady in there if I could get something very quickly to go, she said no problem.
I asked if I should get the pad thai or the yellow curry, she said get the yellow curry.
So I did.
She asked me how hot (and knowing that I had a cold and wanted something kinda spicy, but also momentarily forgetting that I was in a thai restaurant) I told her "make it pretty hot".
In retrospect, I might have used a bit more caution with that statement.
I also ordered some crab puffs which i know is not authentic, but i was in the mood.
The crab puffs turned out to be excellent.
Just different enough from your standard chinese food arrangement and yet still delicious with their different style dipping sauce.
The yellow curry was AMAZING, albeit a LITTLE bit spicier than I would have liked on a normal day...well, actually, it was a freakin inferno...but it felt good to eat it with my cold and all.
Just be advised ;) Would definitely go back next time im in the area.
My only complaints were that it took a little bit longer than I would have liked considering my situation, but had I been sitting down it would not have been a problem, and secondly the price was a little high I felt.
It was after 3 (so a late lunch, i guess) and wound up having to pay the dinner prices.
The two orders, without a drink came to about $15.
Not terrible, but a little more than I would have liked to pay.

Soooooo good!
Excellent food plus judge Judy on the tv ;-) The garlic chicken was freaking great and the beef pad see-ew also excellent.
And the Thai iced coffee is delicious!

I love this place, I've tried several in the area and nothing compares.
The Curry Noodle is my favorite!
Christian owned and operated, I'll come here from now on.

Im from California and I can't seem to find any really good thai restaurants out here but Thai Paradise is pretty okay :) I like the crying tiger!
It's the best dish ever yummm.
They unfortunately stopped delivering so now I have to go in an eat.
): still 4 star worthy to me!

This place is awesome some of the best Thai food I've had in a long time.
Don't let the lackluster interior fool you because there is some amazing food to be had here.
My personal favorite Thai dish is the yellow curry with potatoes and onions.
Johns is the red curry.
They give you a 1-4 scale of how spicy you like and be cautious because when they say hot they mean HOTTTT...
But its soooo good.
I have only seen one lady working there besides who ever is in the kitchen but she still provides pretty good service even when they are busy.
Overall this is my new favorite spot for Thai food and definitely worth the drive its not close by for you.

Definitely the best Thai food restaurant in Chandler.
Way better than Thai Rama or Latitude 8.
The chicken larb is awesome and so flavorful.
My usual is the pad thai, which is excellent here.
I always have to ask for extra lime at other places but their pad Thai already has tons of lime flavor.
Check it out!
I don't want this place to go out of business!

Headed to Thai Paradise on Mother's Day with my sons around 4:30.
I was so looking forward to trying this place based on the many positive reviews.
When we walked in the door there was a sign by the register that said "Cash Only Today".
The man greeted us and I said "Sorry, I don't have any cash on me" and we turned around and left.
I debated going to another place, but instead decided to see where a Chase Bank was close by so I could grab some cash.
Lucky for us there was a Chase just a block down (big surprise...lol)  Anyway, waited behind two other really slow cars in the ATM lane, finally got the cash and headed back.
The whole thing took about 15 minutes.
Walked back up to the restaurant, grabbed the door handle and it was locked!
Really?
15 minutes!
And they're supposed to be open until 8pm!
Needless to say, we didn't eat there.
I'm giving them a 3 star because I have to give them something and I figure a 3 won't affect their average.
I do still want to try this place, but I'm a little weary to just head on over there, knowing now that they'll just close whenever they feel like it.
What made the whole thing even worse is that the whole intersection at Ray and Alma School was under construction.
You can't make left turns hardly anywhere so just to get to the place and then leave the place....two times....took a ridiculous amount of parking lot turnarounds.
Ugh!
BTW, we ended up going to Palee's Crown and it was fabulous!

A clean little thai place tucked in a strip mall.
They have 5.95 lunch specials.
The food was okay..nothing to rave about, but not bad either.
The waitress was sweet, and the service was good.
The thai iced tea was yummy.

Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday due to the rave reviews and that it was supposed to be cheap.
Unfortunately, they only do lunch specials on weekdays (not out of the ordinary I suppose) so my lunch entree was $8 plus my soda so about $14 with tax/tip which I normally wouldn't consider "cheap" for lunch.
BUT, the food was AWESOME.
I had the drunken noodles with tofu.
It was the first time ever that I couldn't eat all the noodles (believe me, I tried).
Huge portion, and very tasty.
I asked for a "medium" spicy and it was perfect - just a little too spicy - just how I like it.
My only complaint about the food was that the tofu was a little too chewy/hard.
I didn't specifically want soft tofu, but they fried it too long in my opinion.
Otherwise, very yummy.
And did I mention that there were a TON of noodles?
Seriously.
I will definitely try to stop in during lunch on a weekday and try something else on their menu.
I have a feeling it will all be good.

My boyfriend and I love Thai food.
we have been to most Thai restaurants in the east valley.
That being said, Thai paradise has the BEST Thai food we've ever had!!
The place is small and tucked into a strip mall, but don't let that stop you!
The owner/ server puts out some amazing food.
Try the Pad See Ew, def my favorite!!
Thai Paradise is a hidden gem!

I've never had Thai food before so I suppose I have nothing to compare it to, but this restaurant didn't serve very tasty food.
Maybe it was just what I ordered.
I don't know.
Plus it had a funny smell.
It wasn't terrible but I'm not going back.

It was okay.
I tried the yellow curry with tofu.
Didn't care for the tofu and wished I had just gotten it with extra veggies.
The eggplant was a little tough.
Hubby had red curry.
Son had panang curry with shrimp.
He liked it but the shrimp still had the tails on it.
He also tried the Thai lemonade.
That I really liked!!!
I do love salt and margaritas though.

The Tom Kha always brings me in, then I have to stay for the drunken noodle and a Thai tea!
The restaurant is pretty tiny and you can sometimes hear awful karaoke from next door, but the food is worth it.
I resorted to Thai Rama once when my Thai craving hit and they were closed, never again...the taste does not even compare.
It's never been busy when we go in, so if you're looking for a new Thai place give it a shot; I would be heartbroken if they went out of business.

It's been a while since we came here.
We used to really like this place.
We happened to be in the area, and so we thought "let's drop in!".
I don't know what happened.
Maybe a different chef?
The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.
My wife complained her basil chicken was too salty.
And even though I ordered medium spice, my curry wasn't hot at all.
It was also very soupy.
Not nearly enough chicken and vegetables.
Service also was indifferent.
It used to be a husband/wife.
I'd never seen this girl before, and she was not very attentive.
Kinda sad.
Finding good Thai food is difficult (I've actually been to Thailand).
This place was one of the better ones, but not this visit.

The Thai food here is "alright.
" It's not bad but maybe for my taste buds, it was a little on the bland side.
I ordered Shrimp Pad Thai (I thought them skimped on eggs, bean sprouts & green onion) which that dish normally has those ingredients.
We also ordered the pork lab (this was good), chicken satay (peanut sauce was bland and thin and cucumber salad did not have much flavor) and yellow curry (thumbs up).
I give my overall take out experience an average rating because it was literally "alright," it would satisfy your craving for Thai food.

found this place looking for something to eat  thai ice tea  very good food as well tum yum soup is the option if you like spicy and full of flavor !!!
the only complaint was the service :( (im a server so i know about it ) we were 1of the only 2 tables at the place and the service should've e been  better  otherwise i'll be back !!

Ever since I moved to Chandler, my husband has commented on how unhappy I look after meals.. and I always reply with the same complaint-- I'm unhappy because there's no real Asian food in Chandler!
I never have a grimace after Thai Paradise though.
I love this place!
At the end of the day, nothing hits the spot like their curry pork ribs and Thai iced tea.
My husband and I are trying everything on their menu because we love Thai food.
The chef is super nice and it is obvious he takes pride in his dishes.

This is only the second Thai place I've tried in AZ, but it far exceeds the previous restaurant.
I phone an order ahead, and it was ready in less than 10 minutes.
The restaurant was clean, and had plenty of people going in an out, which is also a good sign.
I placed an order for chicken pad thai with a side order of egg rolls.
The pad thai had complete, excellent flavor.
It could have used a tiny bit more chicken, but nothing I would seriously complain about.
We ordered the mild, but will try medium next time.
The egg rolls also had excellent flavor, especially with the sweet & sour sauce.
My wife and I were able to split a single order of both, have plenty for seconds, and even a little bit of leftovers.
We will definitely order from there again.

Since this place is in a large shopping center there is a ton of parking.
I am always a bit leery when I go in for dinner and there is no one else in the restaurant and the owner/manager/server is watching TV and Reading a news paper.
The restaurant is ok if a bit clutter and Asian Grocery store feeling when you come in.
I ordered the Pad See Ewe and my friend ordered Thai Green Beans.
Unfortunately they were completely out of green beans... which just seemed odd.
The Pad See Ewe was ok, not really enough broccoli for my taste and not very flavorful or spicy.
Can't say I would really recommend this one.

I like to support family owned restaurants but I don't think I'll be back.
It was empty at 7:30 on a Friday night, a sign that makes we wary.
They had a small menu with mainstream dishes and less of the "exotic" Thai items that I find more flavorful and authentic to the SEA (Southeast Asian) palate.
I ordered the Pad Thai for a basis of comparison.
The noodles were sitting on too much sauce that was overly sweet.
I would have liked more bean sprouts that wasn't cooked in for a fresher crunch.
Portions were nice and not too expensive.
The server was nice enough, but the mediocre food can't lift this review.
I'm disappointed if this is one of the best Thai in the Valley.

New to the area, drove around and stumbled upon this restaurant.
Not many patrons, but  it looked promising.
The smell was less desirable but comparable to an Asian restaurant you would find in Southeast Asia.
I had the yellow curry, sweeter, but tasty.
I would come back again.
Reminded me if the red curry I ate in Cambodia.

I dropped in Thai Paradise right at 11am one day after a long morning of searching for houses.
I walked into an empty restaurant.
Certainly not the first empty restaurant I've been in, but it always makes me wonder if the crowd hasn't hit or if it just isn't any good.
In this case, there was no crowd in the next hour, but it certainly wasn't because the food was bad.
I had Pad Thai with beef, and it was great Pad Thai.
The noodles were cooked just right, the taste was consistent all the way through to the last bite, and the mound of crushed peanuts was substantial.
Maybe I got some special treatment because I was the first customer of the day, but the service was great and the owner/cook/server wasn't overbearing or absent.
The Thai Tea was some of the best I've ever had.
I really should call myself a Thai Tea connoisseur by this point since I've had more of them than I can remember.
And Thai Paradise does some great Thai Tea!
Hopefully it isn't always slow for their lunches because I'd like to go back and try their Pad Se Eew or other dishes.

I think they changed the owner or something.
I used to like this place, but today i bought sweet and sour chicken, it smelled so weird.
Like something is just not right (old ingredients?
or old rice?).
This is my first time writing a review online and this restaurant deserve my time so that i can warn everyone about this place.
Save your time and money, and maybe your health by avoiding this place.
It used to be a good restaurant, not anymore.

This place was GREAT!
The owner was very friendly and the food was delicious.
You can't go wrong here.
We will be back soon!

The place doesn't look like much but the food was Amazing and full of so much flavor.
The portion sizes were very generous and priced very good.
The women who I assume is the owner was very pleasant and helpful.
GOT TO give it a try, we will definitely be back

I've been to a lot of Thai restaurants and none has ever been this disappointing.
I always judge each by their Pad Thai and this place has the worst I've ever tasted.
Highly recommend you try someplace else first!

Was craving Thai food and wanted a close by place to get some take-out.
Tried Thai Paradise for take out and am impressed!
I got chicken Pad Thai and chicken Panang - both were very delicious!!
We will be trying other dishes from here soon.
The gentleman who took the order was nice, and the lady who checked out my order at the restaurant was very friendly and sweet!
While the place is small, it's clean and nice.
And it had patrons sitting and enjoying lunch - so while some reviews say it looks dead, the place knows Thai food.

Sour food other than the rice.
Everything we ordered was uneatable.
Very disappointed.
Seafood soup was sour

I keep coming back for the Panang Pork rib curry (only when available).
Delicious!
The owners are a husband and wife that originate from Thailand and they are super nice!

I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
The actual restaurant is nothing to write home about.
Little hole in the wall, next to an American Legion so the smell of smoke can sometimes linger in the air because it comes through the vents.
That being said, the food is FANTASTIC!
Order it Thai spicy and they mean it!!
REAL spice.
Not some place trying to cover it up with chili oils and such... it's REAL thai peppers.
And it is delicious.
Their Thom Kha Gai is one of the tastiest I have had and the Pad Sewee with beef was fantastic as well.
The owner, "Little" is as sweet as sweet can be.
I absolutely LOVE this little known gem.

Came here for lunch!
There's only one other customer here.
The guy at the cashier appear to also be the boss boy, the cook, amongst other things he was doing.
Lunch appears to be pre-made and gets reheated once ordered.
Myself and the other customer ordered two completely different dishes and the cashier/cook/bossboy disappeared for what seemed to be the quickest 5 mins ever and came back with both dishes.
Suspicious much?
Mine was super salty instead of the extra spiciness that I requested.
No I won't be coming back.

If you get it to go is the best way .. Food is very good.. Luckily my girl friend ordered for pick up and when we got there to pick up, there was only one older guy who doing everything including cooking .. We were little shock but after we tasted the food , it was great.
Drunken noodle and beef salad was great

I just recently moved to the area and really found a "Jewell" of a restaurant.
Love the Pad Thai, Spicy Basil, and for Lent, try the Catfish Pad Ped.
He does Thai hot Perfect.

Best Thai restaurant in Chandler and I've tried them all.
The only place that will actually make dishes spicy if you ask them to.
Thai Rama pales in comparison.
Latitude Eight is too Americanized, expensive, and small portioned.
Give this place the credit and chance it deserves!!!
Really great quick service with amazing food.
The larb, beef salad and egg rolls are great appetizers and I always get the pad kee mao (drunken noodles).
My girlfriend loves their pad Thai.
They also make a mean Tom Kha kai.
I want to try their spaghetti seafood and beef noodle soup in the future.

Thai Paradise is incredible!!!
I was shocked at how good it was since it's a tiny little place in a strip-mall, (never judge a book by its cover or a restaurant by its less than fancy ambiance).
The service was friendly, capable, and fast which makes this a great place for lunch, not to mention the lunch specials come with soup.
The Saytay Chicken was tender and flavorful, (though I have had better peanut sauce) and the Pad See-Ew was the best I've had in all of Phoenix!!!!!!!!!
Fast service, delicious food, and a great price, what more could you ask for?

Arizona has got to be one of the most culinarily (yes, that is a word) inept states in the country...The reason why is that if there's not a location in every shopping plaza or a commercial on every channel, Arizonians will not eat there.
The family owned, authentic, "hole in the walls" get shut down before they've even had a chance to expand.
DO NOT let Thai Paradise disappear!
If you enjoy real Thai food, great service and reasonable prices this is your spot.
I eat here 2-3 times a week and have never had a bad experience.
The owners are great and will not let you wait without getting you a bowl of soup and glass of water.
Americanized "Thai" restaurants would have you believe that all Thai food is super sweet and must always taste like coconut or Curry.
While you can find your share of sweet-coconut-curry, the majority of the menu is full of authentic dishes, hand-made noodles and the ability to chose how "thai" (aka "spicy") you want your dish.
(By the way, I go with the medium and it is the perfect amount of spice for me)  The place is never packed, which is a sad thing...If they're ever shut down, I'll be beyond disappointed.

Awesome Thai!
Started with the Tom Ka soup which had plenty of potato, carrots, noodles and the perfect amount of lemon.
My chicken dish was large and a perfect spicy level for my liking (3 on a scale of 4).
They were extremely tentative to vegetarian needs as well.
This is absolutely going to be a new "regular" place!

Thai Paradise has been one of my favorite places to go for Pad See-Ew.
I have had a difficult time finding good Pad See-Ew since moving here.
Their portions are large and could last two meals (I'm a early 20's male and I eat a lot).
For the price it wasn't too bad, but I still thought it was a bit on the pricy side.
I got to know the owners very quickly and they would know my name, face, and order when I would come in or call my order in.
I've only ever had the Pad See-Ew and their egg rolls and I love them both!
The place is small and quiet which makes it a good place to just relax and talk.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good Pad See-Ew.

Owner was super nice!
The wife had the Pad Thai curry and I had the drinken noodles.
The food was great!
I'm visiting this area and we plan on coming back before we leave town.
It definitely a gold mine.

I had a craving for Thai food and decided to try this place after checking in with Yelp.
I ordered takeout, had a shrimp pad thai and the chicken drunken noodles, both at level 3 spicy (from 1-4 where 4 is spiciest).
I thought that both dishes were pretty good although I am accustomed to eating spicy food and would not recommend a higher level than 2 for your average foodie.
I liked the drunken noodles more than the pad thai -- it was full of flavor and made better by the abundance of thai basil in it.
The only thing that would made it really stellar was if the noodles (chow fun noodles) were a little less soft and more al dente.
But that could be because i ate it 15 mins later and not right at the restaurant so it was soft, and broken up -- just a personal preference, dish was still good.
The pad thai was also good and I might be in the minority here but I do not like too sweet of a pad thai.
Thank goodness, it was not too sweet, a little bit tangy and just right!
I really like the pad thai.
Service was very friendly.
I would go back.

Every time I come here the owners are welcoming and almost know exactly what I want :) The food is delicious, If you tell the owner what type of good you like, whether spicy or sweet, they will have multiple recommendations to fit you're taste buds!!
Their Thai Tea is amazing as well!

Always hard to find Great authentic Thai food!
Thai paradise was a pleasant surprise.
Really enjoyed the panang beef curry.
Very flavorful and he can make it hot!
Owner is really friendly.
We will be back for sure.

This is excellent Thai food by real Thai people!
Good experience in all areas.
The owner was friendly and we talked for a good 20 mins.
He has special meals that he Makes from time to time that you would truly only find in a Thai persons home.
Good place.
Nothin fancy.
Just good Thai food in a clean, no frills environment

Great local family ran little restaurant.
I ordered the Panang curry and my BF got the Thai basil.
Both dishes were very good with great flavor and nice portions.
The same person who took our order also made our food, presumably the owner.
He was very nice a friendly.
Good prices too.
We will definitely be back to try more of the menu.

