We stayed in the Barcelo Edinburgh Carlton Hotel the first weekend of August 2009 for 3 nights.
Whether you like this hotel or not is going to be very taste dependent.
First, there's no doubting that it's in an excellent location: right on the Royal Mile at the opposite end of the street from Edinburgh Castle.
The view from our room were great & it's walking distance to many must-see places within Edinburgh.
The downside to its location, however, is the sheer noise from the street that occurs during the Fringe Festival/Edinburgh Festival.
Because the Royal Mile is lined with pubs, rowdy drinkers were out whooping it up directly beneath our window until 5 a.m.
If you do decide to stay there during the Festivals, make sure to avoid taking a room overlooking the Royal Mile.
The hotel itself is nice.
The staff cooly efficient.
When I developed problems with my flat iron & suspected it might be the outlet, the staff responded almost immediately to my request to inspect it (it wasn't the outlet).
The lobby is grand & spacious, though not really outfitted for sitting for long periods of time & people watching due to the lack of seating.
However, the rooms are beginning to show their age with worn carpeting and furniture that has seen better days.
Despite this, however, the rooms were clean and had a few amenities: iron & ironing board, pants presser, hair dryer, safe, refrigerator.
All in all, the rooms were not unattractive, just not as newly refurbished as I've come to expect.
But it would have been vastly more comfortable had the air conditioning actually worked.
The days we were there, it was sweltering inside the hotel room, despite the air-con going all day & night.
I think the heat was due in part to the full wall, ceiling-height single pane windows that let the direct sun in all day long, despite having the curtains drawn during midday to help keep the heat out.
Despite our inquiries, we were told that the air conditioning was, in fact, working--though clearly to no effect.
In sum, I think I would probably look elsewhere to see if something else in the area was available before staying here again, though I wouldn't completely rule this hotel out due to the convenience of its location.
But I definitely would NOT stay there in the middle of summer in the room that we had--the noise & air conditioning situation were just too uncomfortable for me to bear again.

They say it's all about location, location, location and if that's the case then this would probably be the world's best hotel.
But I'd say it's also about character, service and getting what you pay for.
I was in here for cocktails with a friend a while ago, and it was my first time ever in the place.
I have to say, it was pretty soul-less.
Being part of the Barceló chain, you know it's always going to be more or less the same standard as any of their other hotels in terms of cleanliness, prices etc but the bar area definitely lets them down in this one.
For starters, although it's open to non-residents (in fact, they usually have a blackboard outside on North Bridge plugging their latest drinks deals) there are no signs or directions or anything when you walk in to the reception area.
This wouldn't have been a problem if any one of the half dozen or so members of staff around had been willing to help or even acknowledge that we'd walked in.
When we eventually found it, the table we sat at was dirty.
Not a good start.
We saw from looking around that you waited at your table to order your drinks rather than going to the bar yourself, so we waited... and waited... and waited.
After nearly ten minutes we went up to the bar, only to find that half of the things on their cocktail list were out of stock.
Then we had the same problem with the bill.
We'd asked for it, but then waited another good 10 minutes or so before going up to the bar to pay.
It wasn't even busy either; I could have counted on one hand the number of other tables that were occupied, so I don't really know why the service was so slow.
The cocktails themselves were great, which is why I'm not giving it 1 star.
Apart from that, not great really.

