Just needed to give a Yelp shoutout to the staff at The Advocate -- my friend and I were passing a couple hours there the other day before meeting friends for dinner, when we noticed that the "seasonal sausage of the month" was pork and rhubarb.
That sounded crazy delicious to us, if you will, but being that we were heading to dinner, we didn't want to order a whole sandwich or a full meal with mash, spinach, etc.
Originally we just decided to bag the idea, but after the bartenders conferred, they offered to just charged us 1.50 pound for one sausage, so we could try it.
So nice of them!
The cutie bartender also got bonus points for copious amounts of sausage jokes throughout this endeavor.
Well played, Advocate!
Oh, and that sausage WAS delicious.
(THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!

The Advocate is another if these Edinburgh pubs with a history which they kindly provide you with on the menu.
It's something to do with an advocate, that's all I remember.
This pub is very pub like.
Quite cosy and good for an afternoon of munch and drink.
They have a thing about sausages here, they often have different flavours so we opted for sausage and mash.
It was quite delicious, a large portion and very filling.
A reasonable pub lunch price too.
Not as overpriced as other Royal Mile area bars and the staff are very chatty and friendly.

The Advocate is not my favourite of all the pubs in Edinburgh, but if I am desperate it will do the trick.
Situated just around the corner from the Royal Mile, The Advocate is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach and always seems to be a popular choice with the tourists.
I don't have anything particular against The Advocate, its just that I have been here on several occasions and each time I haven't had the best experience.
The pub is generally filled with locals, and if you go in during the afternoon, most of them are drunk and looking at you in a really sleazy way - not nice.
Most of the time the staff have been friendly, but occasionally there are some workers who completely fail to acknowledge your presence and you can be stood waiting at the bar for ages to be served.
The Advocate serves above average pub food and the prices are really reasonable too.
I would like to come back here for a meal again, but the drunk locals and the poor service has put off for the time being.

Quite unlike the New Town area, the Royal Mile and it's surroundings can often have a slightly grubby, cheap and seedy feel about it.
There always seems to be a contingent of tramps and dossers kicking about, and while I rarely have a problem with gentlemen of the road, the hostile drunks that loiter around inside and outside of the Advocate are a fairly revolting bunch.
God knows where they come from, as property and rental prices round here aren't exactly affordable for your average benefit-dependant lush, but they do make their presence felt.

The Advocate is located in Hunter Square, right near the junction between the Royal Mile and South / North Bridge.
It's a place I've only been to once for drinks, and I can't say that I was blown away by what it offered.
We were in there on a fairly quiet weekday evening, and the atmosphere was pleasant enough.
Drinks were of a reasonable price, and I would have totally got some food if I hadn't already eaten that evening.
Two evening meals would have been a little excessive.
Anyway, this place isn't really on my radar now as a place for going out for a drink to.
I can't really comment on the alcohol beverages on offer, as I'm not a drinker, but everyone else I was with seemed to get on just fine.
It's not a hotspot for a night out, but still well worth a look in.

Just over the road form the Tron, you couldn't have two pubs that were more different from each other.
Unlike the student, party like atmosphere at the Tron, the Advocate has got that slight old man, traditional feel.
But seeing as not many old people, or any people really, come in here it has almost no atmosphere whatsoever.
To be frank it's pretty boring.
I've been in there a few times, and each time it has been really quiet and you feel awkward talking, in case you disturb the perfectly preserved silence.
It's not a great feel for a pub to have.
The inside is quite nice though, with a few little nooks and crannies to hide away in.
There is a big old traditional bar selling all the normal drinks at pretty average prices.
They used to do a student discount, but that no longer is the case.
I haven't had the food, but I would assume it is very much like the rest of the pub - dull

Two stars for the fact that this place got all 10 of us in for dinner and drinks without reservations and literally no wait at all!
The service was so-so.
I could have used a bit more friendliness, but as I said before, I think this is a European thing...Sufficient service at best.
There was a menu printing error regarding the special of two entrees for $10 each; which apparently was only select days of the week.
Since the actual days that said special was honored were not printed on the menu the restaurant wasn't going to give us the stated price.
After a few words with a manager, they honored the menu and apologized for the error +1 star for some honest business.
The food was decent; nothing to write home about, but we were full!
However, four of us didn't feel good AT ALL later that night and there was some bathroom jockeying going about.
Highly suspicious if you ask me!
-2 stars.

Was here late Saturday afternoon/early evening during a Wales v Ireland rugby game.
The ambience was great: jocular and enthusiastic without being rowdy or noisy.
A great option if you fancy keeping track of the match, but also want to enjoy a bit of quiet chat/banter with your friends.
The pub itself is delightful, a mix of booth seats, cosy corners and high tables with stools, warm lighting in fascinating light hangings, and walls papered with sheet music and gentle, unimposing red tartan.
There is a wide selection of real ales (I had a Raven Ale from the Orkney's) and a good whiskey selection.
The food is also delicious -- standard pub grub, burgers and what not, but well prepared, tasty and served with a smile to your table.
A good option if you find yourself in the Royal Mile/North Bridge area.

Good beer at reasonable prices considering it's so close to the Royal Mile.
Great haggis too.
I don't know why so many previous reviewers have slated the staff, I've always found them polite and helpful.

A good pub, nice selections of Scotch and other drinks.
A little loud for my tast, but the bartenders were nice and the clientele well behaved when we went on a Friday night.

Dinky little pub on Hunter Square that's ideal for a quick drink heading home or just heading in to town, but not quite big enough to spend a stretch of time in without getting a little cramped.
Owned/sponsored by Belhaven, this pub is linked to the White Hart bar in the Grassmarket and the World's End bar on the Royal Mile.
How The Advocate squares up to the rest of the Belhaven pubs I'm not too sure but taking it at face value it is a nifty little pub that had an impressive selection of whiskies for a small bar.
There isn't an awful lot of space in this bar making it feel quite closed in as you can be standing a couple of feet away from people eating dinner as you're drinking a beer and watching the football on the TV.
I never tried the food as I was only passing by but with what I seen it looked like general pub fare with things like burgers, sandwiches and steak pie (do you really need anything else in a pub?
)  A few bottled craft beers were available from Belhaven at around £3.40 per bottle.
Tucked away between the Cowgate, the Bridges and the Royal Mile, it's only understandable that they sold "The Advocate" beanie hats too.
I have to admit that I was very tempted to get on.
Service was good, pub was nice and warm for it being a cold afternoon and the beer was cold.
Definitely worth a visit if you're passing through.

Old fashioned, nothing wrong with that.
It suits the building and the clientele.
Many whiskies available and they do a flight as well.
Food is a mixture if renowned bar snacks, burgers, steaks or chicken wings.
Vegetarian food is available too.
Quite a selection of drafts.
Atmosphere is welcoming friendly and apart from the 3 massive tv screens it could've easily passed as an victorian pub.
OK.
Coat hooks on the bar.
Nice touch!

