I found Dr D a few years ago and he has helped me tremendously with various running injuries, in addition to keeping my spine functioning properly so that I can function optimally!

I was getting migraines on a weekly basis and had tried everything to "cure" them myself.
I heard about Dr. D through a friend of mine and decided to go pay him a visit...and I couldn't be happier with my decision.
Nice, clean office, very professional staff, and the best thing...my migraines are completely gone.
Dr. D is very knowledgeable, friendly, and professional.
I would HIGHLY recommend this chiropractic office to anyone looking for a chiropractor...not to mention they have an amazing massage therapist with a great deal on their massages.
5 stars!

I got a groupon for their sauna and jade table massage.
So far I've tried their infrared sauna and I will try the massage table this week.
The sauna is just GREAT!
I've used it 2 times and the 30-40 mins you are in are more than enough to sweat all those toxins.
They provide towel and a bottle of water and because it is a single person cabin, you can turn the light off if you want.
The missing star...a shower for a quick refresh would be awesome!

I wished I had known the massage alone was $55.. the groupon deal was a waste of money for me and I was a little disappointed...
The jade bed is impossible to relax in while 5 people walk around and talk around you.
Then I sat in the infrared sauna while it heated up for 10 minutes (equivalent to just sitting in your car during March) because they forgot to turn it on.
So, a bit annoyed, I just went home early.
The massage was terrific though, I would give her 5*'s if the other factors weren't involved..
I also wish I could remember her name :(   I was tempted to ask for my extra $20 back, so I could go relax at the bar at Frasher's!
Agghh

First time visit.
I highly recommend Erin for massage.
She did wonderful job on my lower back problem.
I also tried out Jade table massager and sauna.
Great prices with Homerun deal.
Would definately return.

Chair massage from Jim...
THE BEST!

I am a massage therapist of 11 years and very picky about massages.
Had injured myself day before I had the appointment so timing was perfect.
It's a little noisy when you're on the jade bed if someone is in the front office, but the jade bed is awesome.
I didn't notice any noises when I was getting a massage because I don't have issues with being able to focus on the present and tune other distractions out.
Dr. D was able to get me in to see him for ART and an adjustment after my massage and I felt great afterwards.
In fact I signed up for their great monthly deal.
Couldn't be happier with this place even if I don't like to drive 10 miles to south scottsdale!

The Healing joint is a fantastic facility for both chiropractic and wellness needs.
Dr. D is wonderful.
He is a true healer who is there to help you get better.
His vast knowledge and kindness  truly makes him fantastic at what he does.
Both my husband and I have gone to him for treatment and he has helped us both with our issues.
I had a knee injury from running and because of Dr. D my knee feels great and I am running again with no problems.
My husband and I also take advantage of the great monthly deal that is offered.
The Jade bed and sauna are wonderful and so relaxing and the 60 minute massage is amazing.
All of the massage therapists that I have had are great and very professional and knowledgeable.
The Healing Joint is truly a wonderful place.
The friendly and knowledgeable staff gives the place a wonderful sense of community and comfort.
I look forward to my time there and highly recommend this place for your wellness journey.

Jessica was AMAZING!!
I went in because my calves were seriously destroyed by me working out and not stretching properly.
They were so inflamed that I could barely walk.
I asked for a 1.5 hour deep tissue.
She spent more than half the session on my calves and legs.
Thank goodness she did!
They needed it.
When i got off the table I was able to walk with nearly zero pain!
I was truly shocked and thankful!
I will very much recommend her to everyone.

This place is great!
Dr. D always does an excellent job and offers great advice.
I always recommend the Healing Joint when someone is looking for a good chiropractor!

