Pei Wei has a great selection of Asian cuisine, select from various meats, including shrimp, and your choice of brown/white rice or noodles.
Their latest offering the Japanese Beef Chile Ramen is a great new addition to the varieties offered and another sign of their commitment to quality food.

Yes yes, it's a chain, but it's pretty darn good.
They have consistently good service here on Dysart, and the place is always immaculate.
There is this young, dark haired front register kid who works there frequently.
Give him a raise!
He knows all about the menu, always smiles, and has a great attitude!
I actually am starting to prefer the food at Pei Wei to their grand daddy, PF Changs.
If Pei Wei added some egg drop soup to their menu, I'd never look back.

I have tried different locations of Pei Wei, but I will just rate the Avondale one because that is the one I go to more often.
It is OK, service is good.
The favor of the food is either sweet, hot, or salty.
I can not taste the different between Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Vietnamese cuisines.
I know it is a chain, but maybe I am spoiled with all the different cuisines around the valley.
We go because my husband likes it.

While I was visiting AZ a while back, a co-worker treated me to lunch here.
I loved it!
I wish they would bring this franchise to Chicago.
Basically, you order at the register, they give you a number, then they bring it to your table.
Same concept as Corner Bakery.
I had the Mongolian Beef on Fried Rice.
So good!
I remember there was a station next to the soda fountain that had all of the different sauces.
I really enjoyed it and thought it was a nice change from the choices in Chicago.

Pretty good place over all.
I like the food it is great and the service is ok too.
I would go back anytime I had the urge for some good Asian infusion.

I visit this Pei Wei about once every couple of months and always have the honey seared chicken and crispy  potstickers ( I get the kids meal, its the perfect size).
There have been a couple of times that the rice has been barely warm and my order has been messed up a couple of times.
the staff has always been friendly and correct the problem.

Not bad Pei Wei!..
I ordered the Japanese Teriyaki Bowl with fried rice and It was good, I also added some of the chilli paste that Pei Wei has and it just made it that much better.
I have not tried any other dishes here, but I can honestly say i enjoyed my meal here.

You know, this was one of my favorite Pei Wei experiences... they got the food out fast even though it was lunch time and they were pretty busy.
The service was also great on top of that.
The lady we ordered from even gave us the "To Go" cups rather than the hard plastic ones, which I always have to request at other locations.
She did it before I even had a chance to ask!
She said that she was psychic ;)  Their iced tea was delicious, as usual.
The food was also great, but no better or worse than other locations.
I really don't like to review chain restaurants like this, but this particular location stood out a bit from the rest.

Fast, friendly, clean location.
Always a good experience here.
Beef Chile Ramen FTW!

always get great service and the food is always great....my FAVORITE asian place ever!
friendly service...most of the time very fast.

Pei Wei is one of my favorite restaurants.
They have a good selection of food and their prices are decent.
Their food is fresh and so far I've liked everything I've tried.
They have a great kids menu, too.
This location is clean and has quick service.
The staff are friendly, too.

good food but a bit overpriced...

This place is too Americanized!
Their food doesn't even come close to real Asian food.
It is a good place for people who want to say they are adventurous, but really like to eat hamburgers & hot dogs.
Over priced!

Okay.
Quasi-Asian.
PF Chang-lite.
Two soda machines with dozens of options holds things up and causes lines.

Great food!
Pad Thai is awesome and the lo mein and especially the fried rice with shrimp fast sort of cheap and tons of flavor!

This is our go to place for family outings.
All three of my kids enjoy the "Honey-Seared Chicken with Noodles", they love it!
And that means that we get to enjoy our lunch/dinner when we eat there.
My hubby usually orders the Kung-Pao Beef, which I prefer over the chicken, because the meat gets a caramelization that the chicken doesn't get.
And me, I am usually the one that orders the "new" dish that they are introducing, like las week was the "Black Pepper Chicken", which with tender and crunchy asparagus, was a very yummy dish!
And it never hurts if you get a BOGO coupon in your inbox every once in a while!

Either comparing to other PW's or to other Asian diners, this one is A-OK.  Their food to me is on the salty or too spicy side.
We usually come here when the husband has a hankering for "Chinese food" but doesn't want "authentic" Chinese food.
I can deal.
The parking kind of sucks here though so try to avoid coming during peak hours.
I've had pretty consistent decent service though whether it be dine in or take out.

My wife and I have eaten at this Pei Wei about once a week since it opened.
It was our favorite restaurant in the area.
Unfortunately, they haven't been maintaining their restaurant.
The booths are worn out.
The soda machine malfunctioned during our last visit and shot soda all over the guests.
The dining area is dirty.
The food is still good.
However, it makes me wonder if the food is safe.
If they're neglecting their dining area are they also neglecting their kitchen?
On a recent visit we advised an employee that the tea didn't seem very strong, hoping he would check it out.
Instead he was rude and advised us that the tea is the same as always.
Excuse me but I've had their tea every week for the past few years and I know when it's not correct.
I would recommend that they hire a manager that actually cares so he could make some repairs, do some maintenance, clean the restaurant, and retrain the staff.
Pei Wei should be ashamed of how they've let this restaurant slip.
I've written emails to their corporate office.
Now we'll see if they do something to bring this store back to the excellent restaurant that it was.

I find they offer solid Asian cuisine at a reasonable price.
I love the fact that I can place the order over the phone and then pick it up when it's ready.
I usually get the Chicken Lo Mein along with Lettuce Wraps or their Crab Wantons.
It's like a fast food version of PF Changs.
If you are in the mood for Chinese food, you could do significantly worse than stopping at Pei Wei.

We've heard of Pei Wei, but had not tried it in Los Angeles.
What a lovely treat.
Friends directed us to the restaurant on Dysart.
Very easy to find at the corner of a strip mall.
Limited parking.
The shops that surround the Avondale location are very busy.
Anyway, we found a spot, and proceeded into a world of soft lighting.
The dining area is composed of dark wood and black leather booths.
Sleek.
Clean.
Minimalist artwork.
Following the signs we ordered our meal, then self seated.
Collected silverware and condiments along the back wall.
Waited for our food to be delivered to our table.
We started with crab filled won tons nestled in a garlic, ginger, red pepper sauce.
Luscious.
Followed by two pork-filled egg rolls with a delicate mustard dipping sauce.
Yum.
Two entrees: (1) Chicken sauteed in teriyaki sauce with spinach greens, carrots, cabbage and onions; (2) Beef and broccoli tossed with Mongolian garlic sauce.
Both meat dishes served over a bed of white rice.
Tasty.
Beautiful array of colors and textures.
We ordered way too much food for two people.
We could have shared one entree and appetizers.
My only minor complaint .
too much sauce over powers the flavorful meat and veggies.
Next time I'll ask for sauce on the side.
Otherwise what a delightful surprise to find a bit of Asia in Arizona.

This was our first ever visit to Pei Wei.
It wasn't bad, but it didn't wow us.
I think for what you get it was kind of expensive.
We all shared the lettuce wraps which were great.
I had the coconut curry and it seemed pretty bland plus the chicken had hard pieces in it which was gross.
Bottom line for me if I am going to spend that much I would rather go somewhere else.

This would be a daily stop for us!
Pei Wei Spicy Stock Velvet and Brown Rice.
Very good for us.
And now that we are down in weight, we share a dinner portion and are stuffed.
Makes lunch very affordable at 20 bucks for three people.
On a sad note, we pulled a bag wrapper out of our meal a few weeks ago.
:(  Update: Will note that today's water cup was full of something unpleasant that dried to the side, thank God I looked before I drank it.
Plus our sons order was incorrect and we where charged for an adult meal instead of a kids.
No mention of refund and late getting to an appointment, so we could do nothing about it.
That's two strikes.
One more and we won't be back to this location.

Per Wei is always hit or miss depending on location...This one is a miss and been so consistently for quite some time.
I try it again every now and them in hopes they have hit but no luck yet!

East meets west.
It's not authentic but is appealing for a quick, fresh lunch.
I like the pad thai extra spicy.

It's ok food and over priced.
Is rather go to Panda Express.
Try AJK Chinese Cuisine not to far from here.

Great spot for a quick bite to eat.
I always go with the Carmel chicken and fried rice.
It hasn't failed me yet.
The only downside is that the parking is pretty tight and it gets quite busy around dinner time.

Great food great service!
The Kung Pao Chicken is outstanding i would recommend always getting the larger portion its just that good

Pei Wei has great food and super value.
My kids ask to go and making them happy is a big deal when I just don't feel like cooking.

