Mom always told me first impressions are important -- hence the 5 stars.
After being traveling all day, including being stuck in the middle seat in the back of the plane --- hey, I need leg room.
Checking in was so easy and quick then I get to the room.
Wow, is all I can say.
The room felt so big.
The walk-in shower is huge and has a bench --- very cool.
Free wi-fi, HD TV, smoke-free and breakfast.
There is no restaurant (for dinner) on site, but there are a handful of places that within walking distance.
UPDATE:   While I was waiting for my room to be cleaned (ended up missing class because I was sick, see next review) I discovered a very cool pool set up for the kids.
Lots of things to climb on, slide down or have water come down on them.
(picture attached)  I asked the desk at check out if this was the new set up for the Courtyard pools and found out that it was created specially for this Courtyard.
Too bad it too far away for my niece and nephews to enjoy.

I was not jumping for joy when I was told that I had to go to Wisconsin for a few weeks.
I complained about the area, I complained about the drive, I was prepared to complain about the hotel.
Well I walk into this hotel and I had honestly nothing to complain about.
This hotel looks like it should be in a big city.
The furniture is contemporary and new.
The staff is GREAT.
The shower is huge and has a bench just in case you wanted to create your own steam room.
The rooms are large and come equipt with flat screen tvs.
Free Wi Fi and good breakfast where I can get a cook to order omlette.
I am not saying that I am dying to come back to WI but if I do I know exactly where I am stay.

He scared the living daylights out of me.
The last thing I expected was to find a large stranger walking into my room early in the morning.
I was still in my night clothes checking my email.
He stood around acting confused, checking his clip board and mumbling that the room was supposed to be unoccupied.
I assume he was the maintenance man.
He didn't leave until I told him to get out.
I was really happy to have found this new Courtyard hotel for my frequent business trips to Middleton.
Now I just feel uncomfortable going back there.
Tip for hotel management: Please train your staff to knock before entering a guest room even if they think it might be unoccupied.

I would give it a higher rating only if it were in a better location.
The facility itself was very nice.
The room was oversized.
Two actual queen beds (rather than stupid full-size) plus a pull-out chair (for when DS1 was being a butt-head to his brother) with plenty of room to roam around.
Bathroom was just as spacious.
Even had a little granite alcove in the shower.
Lots of room to store our things.
We arrived at about 3am and had to call for directions (I thought is was on the other side by downtown... fail).
Staff was always very professional and accommodating.
Even at 3am.
The pool was loads of fun for the kids.
Good sized jacuzzi.
The mini-waterpark features were cute and a plus was the glass wall to the fitness center.
DS2 wanted to work out so I could still sit by the pool while he cranked it on the elliptical.
Pool was not so great for laps...
But they have an agreement with some healthclub nearby.
We only managed to hit the breakfast buffet once.
It was decent.
We only had the continental option (you can pay $2 for the hot foods).
Average selection.
My only beef is the area is very business park-y.
There are some higher end dinner places nearby, but not much for breakfast or more casual.
Costco is right behind the property, with Costco gas literally next door.
Kind of a bonus.
I got it for $50 on priceline, so for what I paid, I'm not complaining.

I'm at the Courtyard for a business meeting.
The lobby is clean and I appreciate the spacious sleeping rooms, but the bedding is pretty worn out.
The meeting rooms are fine, but I definitely wished it had more windows.
I felt like I was in the dark the whole day, which made my long meeting seem even longer.
Light people...please have more natural light in your meeting spaces - it would really help keep the juices flowing.

Wonderful hotel.
Everything is modern and spacious.
I stayed in a room with a king bed and sofa.
There is a large flat screen TV and easy to use internet.
The lobby has a fireplace and plenty of seating.
The amenities are clean and working well.
The only unfortunate aspect is that the walls are kind of thin.
If next to one I can usually make out a conversation.

Absolutely no problems - can't say that about a lot of hotels.
Everything was clean.
The staff was all friendly.
When I called the front desk about borrowing a cork screw, they brought one to me and said "Keep it.
"  Nice.
Free wi-fi, two computers to use in the lobby, good breakfast (excellent thick bacon), free Wall St. Journals.
It's both well thought out and well run.

I stayed here while in town for training on two different occasions.
The staff was courteous, the rooms super clean, and the rates reasonable.
Unlike some other hotels, I found my room to be really quiet at night.
I love that my room had a separate sofa (I hate watching tv in bed) but the tv still swiveled so you could watch in bed.
The bar is moderately stocked with a very friendly bar tender, and there's a small selection of restaurants in walking distance, some of which are pretty good.
If I had a car when I was in Madison or didn't have free time (the later was the case) I would choose this without a moment's hesitation.
however...
Some of the hotels have shuttle services, where as this one doesn't (my only complaint).

Stayed here for a work trip.
Walls are paper thin and we could all hear our neighboors clearly.
Paul Mitchell shampoo, which is pretty nice.
One of the few courtyards WITHOUT starbucks so that kind of sucked.
Average hotel but not terrible.

Great hotel with great staff.
The rooms are clean and large.
The shower is big enough that a few people could fit and even has one of those built in seats.
The breakfast buffett is ok, not great.
There are currently no evening food options but I was told that they are completely renovating the hotel and will add a restaurant.
The rooms don't need any work but apparently they are going to remodel those too.
Props to all the staff that handled the blizzard without any hiccups apart from the shuttle service being suspended for one day.
The hotel bar and lounge are great for sharing a drink and conversation.
The 24 hour gym is a little light on equipment and free weights, but the jacuzzi and pool make up for that.
Oh, and while you're there don't forget to get a cookie at the front desk.
They're great.
Misc: WiFi worked flawlessly and I used the business center for several hours too.
The shuttle can take you for free to locations within a few miles radius, so use yelp to find an interesting bar or restaurant.
The walls aren't the thickest so be prepared for your neighbor's *ahem coworkers, alarm clock to wake you up if they let it buzz for several hours.
True story.

Clean, friendly service!!
Nicely appointed for the business traveler.
I was very pleased.
The front desk help exceeded expectations, my room was super clean.
I will stay there again.

This hotel is an amazing deal for the price.
Very clean and rooms contain enough lighting and have a good layout.
Showers are gigantic.
I was once invited into the suite and a whirlpool and extra lounge area are pretty amazing accommodations!

Decent budget oriented hotel located off the belt line highway in Monona.
We were upgraded to a whirlpool suite when we checked in at 9 pm so our room was extra large with a large corner run whirlpool sitting in the room.
Despite the ample size of the room, unfortunately we still had the typical budget hotel bathroom  with barely enough room to turn around.
Half of the room had an interesting tile floor to accommodate the large tub.
I did notice some noise from the hallway a couple of times during the night-not super noise proof.
The room did have a well functioning a/c unit that allowed us to really cool off the room (a necessity if you want to sleep under the very heavy comforter that is the staple of a lot of the Country Inns-wish they had something lighter),

Stayed here recently for daughters hockey tournament only 5 min away.
Nice hotel.
Clean, beds are comfy, plenty of  space in the room.
Nice flat screen tv, good size!
Mini fridge & micro .
Gr8 price.
Quiet.
Food @ bistro a lil pricey for my liking, but overall a good hotel & i'd b glad to return

Perfect for the business traveller.
Much quieter and nicer than the hotels I have stayed at in downtown Madison.
Looks brand new and very clean.
Close to several excellent restaurants as well.
Super friendly staff who made me feel very welcome.
Thanks!

