This place is located behind the Orchids Garden.
You may pass it up and assume it's in the plaza with the restaurant.
I went for a facial, I needed some pampering.
Marianne is amazing!!
This is a new location for her.
My facial was 85 dollars and well worth it.
It lasted longer than an hour but she did ask if that was ok.
I didn't mind.
I recieved the pomegrante peel along with some scrubs and a nice hand arm massage.
Marianne seems very experienced and is really interested in getting to know her clients and their skin issues.
i even walked out with some free samples!!
I will be back for a follow up.
Since she is new to this location, her credit card machine isn't set up.. Bring cash and be ready to be put into relaxtion mode!

She is absolutly fantastic- she did me and my male friend fabulously...

Marianne does a great job with Brazilians.
She is located with in the Satsum Wellness center and has her own specific room there.
She does a great job of making you feel comfortable while she's ripping the hair out.
If you've never had one than I won't lie.. it does hurt.
I can tell you that Marianne does her best to ensure that she doesn't cause too much pain and talks you through the process.
She uses different waxes and uses a more sensitive wax for the more delicate areas.
She does her best to make sure that she gets every last hair.
Great job, clean shop and a good experience.
I will definitely go back to her!
Cost is average at about $65 plus tip.
One last note... it is very easy to book appointments with Marianne.
She takes appointment online via her website and is very accommodating.
Also works Sundays and is open late.

This place is great.
I needed a wax for an event in 2 hours and Marianne got me in with no appointment.
She is professional, friendly, and got me taken care of with enough time for my event.
I would recommend her for anyone needing a wax.

Great lady who really knows what she's doing!
You should check her out!

Wow, what a TREMENDOUS experience.
Very clean and friendly.
I had a brazilian wax and the attention to detail was amazing.
Marianne was easy going and gentle.
Best WAXING salon I have ever been too... and I have been to many...
Even first timers will feel comfortable here.
I will return again and again each time I visit Vegas...   You have Tons of waxing choices for your entire body....   Great place for GUYS to take it all off  !

Very pleased with my experience here.
I've been waxing for many years, and have tried so many salons here in town, and I have to say this was by far the least painful wax I have ever had.
The wax Marianne uses was phenomenal, and with her expertise, I was in and out in 20 minutes.
She does both men and woman's services, and with summer coming, I highly recommend you check her out!!
*boys take note, no one wants to see a sweater at the pool :)

Marianne is amazing and she is definitely a professional.
I was a quick process.
I would definitely go again!

Marianne has completely changed how I view hair removal.
I saw her first because of her fabulous reviews and a Groupon.
Now, I see her because I can't imagine going back to shaving!
As far as Brazillians go, I had no experience before going to see Marianne.
She is in a clean office and is VERY professional.
The pain is minimal (I didn't do anything before-hand - pain reliever, creme, ice, etc...) and totally worth the results.
I wish I could let my armpit hair grow out long enough to wax, but...summer in Vegas is not kind in sleeves, so I guess I'll wait until winter!

If only I lived in Vegas, I would frequently see Marianne!
I was on vacation and decided last minute that I needed to surprise my man.
As any yelper would do, I yelped around the area for an esthetician.
Mind you, there were a lot around the area but for some reason I chose NAKED.
It was a gut instinct I tell ya.
hehe    So, I noticed that she closes at 7p and it was around 5p.
She also has a website where you can get more info and book an appt but since it was close to 7p,  I immediately called her to see if I can get an appointment.
Thinking that she would turn me away, she actually took me in as her last customer!
that got me really excited!
First things first, the building isn't hard to locate, however the suite that her office is in was a bit confusing.
There are other businesses within this suite, so right when you get into the office, there is a reception table and because it was closing time no one was there.
However, there was a sign saying to wait in the waiting area and Marianne will come to get you.
So, I waited patiently.
Marianne came out and greeted me with a huge smile and a welcoming vibe!
Walking into her office took me by surprise because other places where I've been in, there were rooms where you could undress.
But because of her small office, undressing happened right there which I didn't mind.
We all have the same thing!
lol  Overall experience,  Marianne has an awesome outgoing personality which I appreciate.
During the entire session, we just kept the conversation going and it kinda helped me to forget about my hairs being ripped off my skin.
haha  She was quick and got me in and out within 30 min.
She did tell me that she will be moving her office soon to expand.
You should truly check her out.
She does offer other services and you can check out her website.
Wish I was there to get a facial.

Best Wax EVER!!
I found this salon on yelp.
I have gone to BOX in the past and I was very happy, although this place is better!!
She did a combo of hard wax and wax strips and it ended up not hurting as much.
I will totally be back!
The location was easy to find and had plenty of parking.
The appointments were easy to make online.
I decided at 4pm I wanted a wax and made an apt for 445 today.
AWESOME!!
My only complaint (not that it will stop me from going back) is that it seemed rather warm in the waxing room.
$65 for everything removed.
I also wanted an eyebrow wax, but I thought 25 seemed a little pricey for those so I will go to my usual place.Totally worth 65 for the brazilian!

Marianne is AMAZING.
My first wax and I'm a believer.
She's super sweet and made me feel so comfortable.
Choose Naked when looking for a great place to get waxed in Vegas!

The first time I ever got a wax (a brazilian at that) was here and I came back!
No, I'm not a sadist, it's just that Marianne is a very warm and welcoming character and helps guide you through the process.
She even helps distract you during some of the more sensitive areas.
She is very experienced with male brazilians and understands it's different for men than women.
I'm a hairy arab, and she took it in stride.
She seems to have experience with all kinds of body hair and she is meticulous to ensure she achieves the desired result.
Marianne is also very professional and I could not recommend her more!
If you are a guy thinking about getting a brazilian this is where you should go.

Getting waxed by Marianne as I write!
She is sweet, professional, and keeps the pain at a minimum with the two types of wax she uses.
Only downside - I have a new addiction and will probably NEVER buy another razor again!
Buyer beware - go once and she'll hook you with her charm and great waxing skills!

Marianne is such a great person that I thought this is how I want to start my review.
She is so passionate about her profession, it's inspiring.
She loves to help people and make them feel good about themselves.
She is simply great as what she does and I always leave happy.
Her new salon looks great too!
It's very comfortable and it has a calm, zen-like feel as soon as you walk in.
I used to swear I wouldn't go anywhere else than that P. Kitty place but I realized that it's the aesthetician that really makes your experience a good one and not how fast you can get out of there and Marianne definitely does that.
Sure, getting a brazilian done in 15 minutes or less is great but at a place like Naked, the extra 10 minutes is well spent and it's nice talking to her.
Marianne offers combo packages too so the more brazilians you buy, the more you save.
I love this place and I recommend it to those who get brazilians elsewhere and to anyone who is thinking about getting brazilians or any other service she offers.

She is fantastic!
I came into Vegas for the weekend and she squeezed me in last minute.
Best Brazilian Ever!
Wish I lived here.
She's fast and great price!

Marianne is super friendly and professional.
She has enough experience to understand when a customer needs distraction and when you can crack a joke.
I left happy and baby smooth with a big smile on my face.
I was on vacation when I went, but I recommend Naked to anyone looking to get rid of some excess hair.

walked in and i was surprise it was just like a doctor's office but there is no window, just a sign on the door that says to wait for someone to get you if you have an appointment.
Marianne is such an awesome lady.
she was fast and sociable and talked me through the whole procedure.
i got the braziilain wax.
it didn't hurt as much  as i anticipated and i didn't take any tylenol/advil before i went.
i'll definitely be going back.

I know, I know, seeing 5-stars for a wax bar seems strange!
Although, this place really is better than the rest!!
I have been calling this my bi-monthly wax joint for almost a year and I am a huge fan.
Appointments: I always make same day appointments and the owner is very flexible.
She does online booking which is nice.
Price: reasonable and comparable with the other wax places in town.
She offers a yelp check in offer.
Wax quality: she had different types for thin and coarse hairs.
This is great for those softer areas.
Variety of services: she waxes EVERYTHING.
My bf gets his nose/ear hair waxed.
I personally get the Brazilian.
Attitude: awesome.
The owner makes you feel more like a best friend rather than some stranger ripping out your private hairs.
She is very funny and I often find myself laughing between strips.
Location: clean & easy to find.
The owner is knowledgable about skin care as well.

I am a 53 year old male who decided on Naked for my first ever Brazilian wax.
Actually my first waxing of any kind.
The decision to make an appointment with Marianne was a good one.
I originaly emailed to ask a few questions and she called me back with in minutes.
She answered all my crazy questions.
When i got there the place is decorated in a way to make it very tranquil.
Marianne was professional and put me at complete ease.
There was nothing i would really call painful in the experience as she took great care.
I would highly recomend her services and will definetly be a returrninig customer.
If you see this Marianne thank you so much for making the experience a positive one.

There are a few things I really loved about this waxing salon.
First, I like the privacy aspect of their setup.
When you walk in there is a small waiting room that is closed off from the treatment areas.
After your wax, Marianne walk you out through a separate exit.
So, you never see other clients (and they don't see you).
Second, I like the ease and convenience of their online scheduling.
It is easy to make appointments, change appointments, and cancel appointments.
All services have prices and descriptions, too, so you always know what you're getting.
The website is very user friendly!
And, lastly, Marianne.
She is kind, professional, and makes you feel extremely comfortable.
I will definitely be a regular customer from now on!

About a year ago I made the decision to get my first wax.
I did a lot of research on it and I saw a groupon for Wax Naked.
When I arrived Marianne greeted me, took me to her room and walked me through everything.
A year later and I am still going to her!
She makes you feel very comfortable.
I won't go anywhere else!

She loves natural products and that makes me happy.

Was back for my second ever brazilian wax.
After my first experience six weeks ago i was totally at ease thanks to Marianne.
She is skilled and makes the whole experience very easy.
The facility itself is extremly clean and is decorated very elegantly in a manner that induces serenity.
I would highly recomend this place.
I am a regular customer for life.

Execellent customer service and privacy.
Online scheduling and a very hassle free place.
Top notch

The reason I gave this 3 stars and not less is because Marianne is very nice and the treatment room is very clean.
YET:  1) I called to make an appointment the day prior, very clear that I wanted full legs/bikini/underarms.
She claimed that all she heard was bikini and underarms.
Regardless, she made time for me and was professional.
I called NAKED due to the 5 STARS rating from so many people.
2) I have soft hair.
After the wax, I got home and noticed there were a few clear full hair patches still left on both my legs that were still present yet just 'shortened', meaning that I basically had a bad 'shave' through waxing and payed a lot of money for it.
3) The underarm was was extremely painful, which was not the case in previous wax sessions I have had for my underarms.
There are still some hairs that were 'shortened' and will grow back right away.
4) She did a good job with bikini for wearing a full bathing suit.
I will likely not be returning, although she is very professional and very clean.

Marianne is the consummate professional whether you want to remove the whole enchilada or leave a little grass behind!

Marianne is amazing.
I recently was out of town for vacation and had to go with someone else and let me tell you it was sloppy and not impressed at all.
Marianne is so professional and so neat.
She takes pride in her work and will do whatever she can to  make you happy and leave satisfied.
I strongly recommend her.
I have been going to her for 5 years and never would I go to anyone else in town.
She's the BEST!!!

Not sure it could have been a better experience for my first Brazilian.
I had had back waxes before and knew there'd be some pain and discomfort but it was manageable because Marianne was quick, informative and appeared to use good technique.
Professional, discrete without being made to feel you are doing something wrong (because it's not), clinical without feeling like your just another dollar bill.
Marianne is great, made me feel at ease, explained everything to my satisfaction and tried to minimize the inevitable pain.
Anytime I am in LV I am visiting her and may even have to fly in just to get the job done,

Marianne is awesome!!
I found her on a Groupon a couple years ago, did my four sessions then went waxing hopping for a bit.
I returned this week and have no clue why I ever left.
She actually makes a Brazilian enjoyable.
As enjoyable as someone ripping your hair out can be at least!!
Marianne is very thorough and is so much fun to talk to while "getting serviced".
I have now purchased a package and vow not to stray again!

An extremely wonderful experience!
I want to start off this was my first wax ever, and as a guy I was initially tremendously nervous about getting a Male Brazilian wax job.
I had a few questions about the procedure and Marianne answered everything including the embarrassing stuff.
After arriving we were greeted in a private waiting room where you can freshen up.
We were promptly brought into one of the waxing rooms.
it was comfortable smelled good and looked relaxing.
As i said this was my first go at this sort of thing and i pretty much had to be walked through everything.
Marianne took it slow told me what she was doing and was super professional.
She let me know what to expect and did an incredibly thorough job!
I am hooked for life as my wife really likes it as well.
if you are a guy and you have never done this sort of thing before or even if you are experienced with this sort of thing I highly recommend you go to Naked.
taylor

I've been coming here for about a year and started with really bad acne but now my skin has improved dramatically.
I've had quite a few peels and facials and also learned to take better care of my skin.
Naked is a place that is inviting to a dude.
Marianne is very knowledgable about skin and products that she uses.
She has a very professional approach and a warm personality.
I never feel like I'm being taken advantage of, I appreciate her generosity  and honesty.
I've been to other places for skin care and haven't had the results I've had here.
I will continue to be a loyal client

This is a no brainier.
Couldn't make it easier...5 stars and online booking for appts...you don't have to get a PIN number either...it was so simple.
I don't live in Vegas, so I used all the great YELP reviews to guide me here rather than other places that came up on the yelp search.
I really wasn't into going to the Spas on the strip and pay those high prices for some technician who does manis, pedis, massage, oh and waxing.
I wanted a real waxing professional.
Marianne is that, indeed.
She was fast, relatively painless, comfortable, her place is spotless and her bed is comfortable....and she is a very sweet person.
She uses two kinds of methods...paper and no paper for the Brazilian.
Plucks and trims, if you want that.
:).
There is no doubt I would come here every time I come into town and wish I could come here once a month for her...definitely a yes!
Stop looking and go to the web site now to make an easy online reservation!

Will definitely be coming back.
Loved the service and Marianne was awesome!
She made me feel comfortable and at ease considering it was my first time EVER getting something like that done.
She was quick and talked to me so I wouldn't distract myself with the short spurts of pain, (not as bad as I thought!
) Will definitely recommend, especially if it's your first time!
(:  Stef

Marianne was great!
makes you fell at ease right as soon as you walk in the door.
Will book another app with her for sure next time I am in town.
very good price too.
Read her website it is very good and you wont feel a thing she loves her job and it shows.

I love this place.
Marianne is great.
Needed a quick back job and I was in and out in 20 minutes.
She is so personable also, you forget that you are paying her to sadistically yank hair from their roots, out of your body.
With very little pain.
I suggest Naked to everyone from beginners to professional waxer's, both men and women.
And I smelled fabulous when I left.

I love Marianne!
She's awesome!
My oldest got a facial & her eyebrows done & my second oldest got his eyebrows done & I got my Brazilian too!
Her services & advice are excellent & she works with you too!
My family & I will be regulars from this day forward!

Took me a while to write this review but seeing how I rely on Yelp when I try new places I felt obligated.
This was my first time experiencing any sort if wax treatment and I'm not sure I ever will again.
The pain and treatment I can but the service I got here was terrifying!
The owner was very friendly at first but then started talking about how someone is after her and how she thinks he injected her with something one day after work and then she jumped to talking about DEMONS!
Yes!
I'm serious!
She said something was after her.
I honestly believe she was high (and not on MJ) which is not a great experience when you are getting your wahoo waxed.
After it was over she asked me to go pull cash because she said that when people pay with a card it doesn't release the money to her for a few days and she needed it now (so she could get a weekly and get away from her stalker).
I thought I was going to get murdered.
That being said...maybe she was going through something personal?
Not sure but it was so uncomfortable.
Overall, the wax was okay.
I still noticed a lot of hairs on my legs and...other places.
:(   **Updated: I would also like to note that since I've posted this review one of her customers (or relatives) has harrased me about this post (and my other posts).
He has gone so far as to send me personal messages talking crap to me.
Really sorry Steve B.
If I offended you or your friend but I shared what happened to me during my visit here.
***BEWARE yelp reviewers, you will get hate messages if you write a negative review here.
****  I AM POSTING A PICTURE SO YOU CAN ALL SEE WHAT I MEAN.

It's clean, private, and relaxed.
Marianne was great and made me feel comfortable.
She was very easy to talk to.
I would recommend her for any type of wax, she is very quick and good at it.
I will be a regular here :)

