It's nice that their phone quotes are accurate and they don't bring the high pressure upsell tactics while they're in your house.
They do what they say they're going to do and the results speak for themselves!

These guys are awesome!
They came out on short notice, were very friendly and thorough, had no problem with a large spill on my white carpet, and were gone in under 45 minutes.
They even gave me tips on keeping my carpet clean in between appointments!

Not only were Travis and Biff super friendly, but they did their best to accommodate my family.
When I called to set up our appointment 11 o'clock was our only option, I asked them to please try and get here sooner since I have kids who get picked up at noon.
Well, they were here at 10 and done by 11:30!!!
The house smells fresh and clean and the carpet looks like new.
I was very pleased, so much so that I already recommended them!!!
P.S.
They also went above and beyond and helped me load a HUGE TV set for donation into my car.... can't say enough good things!
Call you won't be disappointed!!

Darnell & Nick came by to clean and seal the grout downstairs and clean the carpet upstairs.
First, they were kind and professional.
They gave me a fair quote and explained the process clearly.
Second, my carpets are scrubbed clean and my tile floor looks great I had no idea that cleaning the grout would make such a big difference, but it was worth every penny.
It took a little longer than I expected, but the results were worth it.
I highly recommend this company.

this past weekend i had a couple rooms done, they came out awesome.....and i hate carpet!
Darnell was very pleasant and extremely professional.he did such a great job it made me rethink my feelings about carpet!
i will definately recommend them to my friends as well as have them come out to do some of my other rooms.

A few weeks ago I discovered a little doggie mistake under a large desk.
Of course it had been hidden for weeks on beige carpet.
We called Heavens Best Carpet Cleaning and were incredibly impressed with all their efforts to remove the stain.
The truth is it didn't all come out, how could it, but the effort and true concern by this company was impressive.
The remainder of the house looked the best it ever had.
These guys are not miracle workers, but if your looking for a company that takes pride in their work and clearly care about satisfying clients.
Call these guys they are the best at what they do!

Long story short, one of our dogs anxiety caused a huge mess in our office.
With family coming in town for the weekend, we wanted the carpet looking good again.
We called Heavens Best.
We explained our situation and even though they were very busy for the week they managed to get someone out to our house.
Travis came out and did an excellent job.
You can't even tell where the dog urinated.
Great service and wouldn't hesitate to use them again!

Very professional and nice guys .
I love how they did their job.

When we bought our new home, we had Heaven's Best come out and give the carpets the once over.
What a difference.
After we've been in a while, I'll call them again and have them come out, and so should you.

Just used heavens best this week to clean a few rooms.
We hit a bump in the road when Darnell was caught up doing more work for the previous appt and as a result was late for mine.
But his pleasant demeanor and great work made up for it.
Sometimes grace and mercy for us humans is necessary;) thanks.
Ill call again when I'm ready for the upstairs!

I just used Heaven's Best Carpet Cleaning for my carpet and an area rug.
They were very professional and friendly.
My carpet and rug look beautiful.
They are coming back next week to clean my tile and grout!
I  highly recommend this company.

Darnell is probably the main reason why this business does well.
He was extremely nice and knowledgeable with the service.
Not only were they on time, they were early to the appointment..
When does that ever happen??
They came in, got the job done, and left.
Just the way I wanted.

Amazing service!!
James the manager was able to come to my house in a very short notice!
Couldn't be any happier!
Had a very tough ink stain and it's completely gone.
Very happy customer.
Would recommend this company to my friends.

Darnell did an amazing job!!
I came home and found that all of the stains on my carpeting were gone, and the house smelled really clean.
I would definitely use Heaven's Best Carpet Cleaning again.
They were professional, efficient, and Darnell really seemed to enjoy his job.
Thanks Darnell!!

Happy Saturday!
I cringed at the fact of spending my one day off waiting for our carpets to be cleaned!
UNTIL I met Darnell & Harry!
Best team ever!
Both came in, introduced themselves & were so incredible.
I could not have been more surprised at the magic they created in cleaning our carpets!
I will never use any one other than Heavens Best!
Great Job & Thank You!

I will agree with the others that Darnell is very nice and has a great demeanor.
However, I am not able to recommend the service for carpet cleaning.
I hired Heaven's Best to clean carpet and tile for my home.
Tile Job They did a good job with the tile.
Just make sure to feel the tile before they leave.
They did my bathrooms by hand and  there was a film left on them.
I let Darnell know and they wiped the floors down again to clear away the film.
The area in which they used the machine turned out good.
I keep my floors pretty clean and was hoping that they would get a few of the tough spots out.
They got most of it out however, note that some of the tough spots may get lightened and not removed.
Carpet Cleaning As for the carpet cleaning I was rather disappointed.
The first time they came out we reviewed the area prior to cleaning and I was told that the spots on my carpet would be removed.
After they had completed the carpet there were still spots.
I was told that the carpet would look better once dry.
They had relayed that the carpet would be dry in about an hour.
Well, 2 days later...
I still had damp carpet.
I called Darnell to inform him that I was unhappy with the job due to the remaining spots and that my semi-dry carpet was now hard.
He offered to come back and clean the carpet again.
Upon their revisit I pointed out the spots that were still dark and Darnell said that he would clean the entire area again.
The spots were removed this time however, they did not redo the entire area.
They actually didn't touch 1 of the 2 bedrooms and the carpet is still hard in both the original and redone areas.
It is more than likely the solution they use.
I have a feeling that the first team used too much cleaning solution which left my carpet wet for 3 days and the 2nd visit did nothing to make the situation any better hence...  hard carpet.
If you're going to use Heaven's Best I would probably make sure that Darnell is the one doing the work and I would check everything before you let them leave.
I unfortunately am going to have to hire someone else to come and redo the carpets.

After writing my initial review Bill the owner of Heaven's Best here in Vegas called me to discuss my service.
He offered to come back to my house to see the areas that they had cleaned and was committed to making things better or refund my money.
Well, they came back today and I have to say that I am more than pleased.
We discussed the hard carpet, potential reasons why and how they felt they could best address the issue.
Result...  clean softer carpet.
It was also nice to receive a follow up call from Bill later this afternoon to ensure that the carpet was better than before.
It's nice to see that Bill, Darnell & company care about making their customers happy.
I will be happy to recommend their services and look forward to calling upon them again!
You've definitely won me over as customer.
Thank you for everything!

We had several area rugs taken back to their shop for cleaning and they came out wonderful.
Darnell,David and Dale were great.
Very kind and considerate picking up and replacing the rugs.
I would highly recommend them it was quick and affordable.

Bill Cleveland was great at solving my issues and following up to make sure I was satisfied with the service.

