I actually found this place from a Groupon.
I am so glad I bought it, the staff was professional and courteous.
Their office was welcoming, warm and had a very relaxing atmosphere.
The lady who took care of me was fantastic in every way.
She gave me a tour of their building and explained the different types of products and procedures that they offered at the spa and adjoining medical office/chiropractic center.
I was very impressed.
I will be going back, and I definitely recommend this place to everyone.

I had a worthwhile therapeutic massage from Kat.
Kat found knots in muscles everywhere!
She worked them out semi-painfully, but I knew it was worth a moment of pain to get true muscle relief.
I found this place through Groupon, and I will definitely be going again.

Let me begin with the positive.
My therapist and massage was first rate and I am happy I bought the groupon discount.
On the negative side, Valhalla Med Spa felt sterile, like a doctor's office.
There was absolutely no ambiance whatsoever.
I booked an aromatherapy massage and that was a joke.
I was shown a selection of essential oils and asked to choose a bottle.
If any were burned, placed, etc., I never smelled a thing (and I have a sensitive nose).
There were no warm towels, cushy robes, candles, nice smells, or adequate music.
The music, in fact, was a tinny Josh Grobon CD and sounded like it came from a $20 cd player without real speakers.
If Valhalla wants ratings as a "spa"  it needs to step up the ambiance.
Finally, if I had paid full price I would have been sorely disappointed, regardless of the actual massage.
I expected the whole massage experience, not just the rub.
For the discounted massage rate of $50, it was worth it and I would and did book again.
Full price--nope.
PS The staff was professional (again, like a doctor's office), but I did not get the tour or explanations Leslie R received.

I received an excellent therapeutic massage from Kat.
She made me feel comfortable, relaxed, and went to work.
It was one of the best massages I have ever received because she asked me what I wanted and then delivered a fabulous deep tissue massage.
It was only supposed to be an aromatherapy massage, but she really worked my body.
It was awesome.
During the massage, she ensured I was comfortable and reminded me to inform her if there was ever something off or if I wanted her to focus on a specific area.
Although not your "typical" spa, you will not be disappointed with the service.

I had a group-on for Zerona treatment, was a rip off...I didn't feel anything nor did the girl explain anything to me.
I looked up the reviews on this machine and its a scam.
The lady did not answer one question for me.
My timer went off and 10 minutes later she came in and told me to flip.The office manager wouldn't refund my money.
Once you question them they are very unprofessional and do not care about customer service esp the little red head girl they have working in the front If I was you and you want a nice and pleasant visit go to another spa.

Expert care and incredible people skills best describe Lynette the best esthetician on the planet!
Your face is in great hands with Lynette!
Cutting edge treatments for your entire body.

Great professional service, great doctor who cares about his patients.
Close by in shopping center, large area for parking.
Quick in and out service.

