Located in the shadow of the Stratosphere this place has good ol Vegas-style pizza-Cheap & Fast!
!We ordered the FAMILY DINNER special w/1-2topping 18"pizza,spaghetti,lasagna,salad and garlic bread plus a @L of Coke=$30!!
Delivered in 30 minutes.
Pizza was good,lasagna too but spaghetti was nothing specialsalad was warm from being delivered in the same bag & the garlic bread wasnt toasted.
Still a good value & pizza for breakfast the next day!!

Tried this place a couple of months ago for "Pizza and a Movie" night at home.
Delivery was prompt and the Mr. Food Pizza (love that name) we selected was tasty and satisfying, with plenty of toppings.
See the pic I posted.
Negatives were the doughy crust and the fact that it arrived luke warm.
Driver did not have an insulation pack for the product, which we thought was odd.
Isn't that taught in Pizza Delivery 101?
Still haven't found a pizza in town better than Metro, but my quest endures.
Albo Pizza is not the worst in town by any means, but it lands in the middle of the pack.

Great food, lowest prices on the strip.

Wow....the pizza was absolutely amazing....and the pasta was crazy good!
The "special" sauce was truly special.
And I really really liked the homemade garlic bread!
It was very laid back, and the service was superb.
The prices were great for the amount of food we received!
I can still taste the yummy pizza....can't wait to go back and have the pizza and pasta again :-)

This is a jewel on an area of LV Blvd that is otherwise tattoo parlors and wedding chapels.
I got some idea in my head to walk from Fremont Street back to the monorail to get back to my hotel near the Convention Center.
It was a pretty lengthy walk but enjoyable and after my bar stop downtown I was getting hungry.
I had passed this place on the walk up and decided to work in a stop on the way back if it was still open.
It was, but just barely.
The hostess who also became my server cheerfully showed me to a table and informed me of their dine-in special, which was competitive in pricing with Little Caesar's.
The pie I ordered and received, however, was competitive in taste with some of the finest joints around, Grimaldi's included.
She even left the TV remote at my table so I could surf while I waited for the food.
When you get more food at better quality and great service when you're not expecting anything of that caliber (i.e.
a single-digit dollar figure on the check!
), it leaves a good taste in your mouth.
These guys are late-night heroes.

Tried this place based on the positive reviews.
I visit Vegas about five times a year.
It is just north of the Stratosphere in a pretty seedy area.
Inside, we entered and were the only ones in the place which we thought was a bad sign.
As far as atmosphere goes it is pretty basic -- ugly red paint and bleak.
There is a single TV and a small very basic bar.
I had a pizza and wife had pasta -- the pizza was really good.
I almost finished a 10 inch by myself.
The crust was perfect and the toppings were fresh and yummy.
The pasta was just okay.
the pizza was definitely a winner and I would get it for takeout in the future.
The price was super.
about 22 bucks total.
They serve no alcohol at all so no cold draft beer to go with your pizza.
I mean, the place was a hole but the pizza was really good and the price was right.
I think most of the previous posts are just plants by the owner.
Bottom line - a hole but solid cheap pizza.

Ok so we were at Dino's bar and were a bit hungry deciding what we were going to do to fill our tummy's as we had not had dinner.
We were drinking and needed something on our stomach as to prevent the psycho drunk after effect as well.
Albo's pizza is located behind Dino's bar and has a nice indoor seating option if you choose to dine in.
We opted to place an order for take out in which they actually walked it over and delivered to us at Dino's so we did not have to wait :) Yay!
We ordered a large Albo Special: pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, ham, onions, mushrooms, black olives, green peppers   Pizza was good, and plenty cheesy which is a bonus as they are a pizza shop that does not skimp on the cheese!
That is something that drives me nuts when you have to add cheese as an extra topping just to get a decent amount, not here!
Pizza is good and the friendly personal service is even better :)  My next trip to Dino's we may just have to order another pizza from Albo's :)  They also had several pasta dishes that looked yummy as well!
They have a wide and varied menu to choose from and not limited to pizza.

Shocked!
Shocked, I tell you!
The pizza at Albo's is really good!
Very cheesy.
They do not skimp on the mozzerella that's for sure.
One night, I picked up a pizza from my old stand-by, Napoli, on Decatur, and one from Albo's....to see which one was better.
Albo's was better, by an angel-hair.
Frankly, I think that Napoli was having a bad night; probably breaking in a new chef.
Albo's has pick-up specials: 18 inch, and 14 inch.
They should have a 16 inch special, but for some reason they don't.
(Guys; piece of advice: put a 16 inch pick-up special on your menu....immediately!!!
)  Here's the cosmic amusement of it all: Napoli is run by Russians.
And so is Albo's.
Having recently had a number of very mediocre pizzas while I was working in Italy, I'm wondering: Have the Russians figured out how to make better pizza than the Italians?

Best delivery pizza hands down!
Although my husband spent less than 2 seconds with the delivery guy, the hand off was fast and furious but the end result was superb!
We haven't step foot in the eatery, just received a flier on our door...pretty tasty; and we're picky!

Love, love, love Albo's!!!
5 stars is not enough.
I am at home recovering from surgery in a hospital bed and not able to get around very well on my own.
My room mate works odd hours right now and after finding Albo's they have been a life saver.
Thanks to Nick and the other driver that don't mind coming in and dropping my order off I get to eat a nice hot meal on those nights.
Food has always been delicious and so hot and fresh.
Love the hot chicken wings.
They are flavorful but not real hot.
The double Philly cheese steak.
So yummy!
Also love the Chicken Parasean with wide noodles and the sub is really good to.
They also have those great wide steak fries.
And you have to try the ranch dressing.
Is so good on everything and it is handmade on site.
The only bad thing I have had from there was a chef salad and that was only because the lettuce was old and turning brown.
The toppings were tasty and plentiful on it though.
I still have to try the pizza.
Maybe tonight!
Be sure to check them out they are one of the cheapest amnd best places around.

Great pizza and portion size!
Was backpacking around Vegas and it was just next to Tod Hostel and Motel(where I stayed).
Took out a large pizza for a very good price(probably 26 dollars for an 18inch pizza.
Great stuff!
Friendly waitress who greeted us.
10/10 in terms of economic value and portion.
Will highly recommend it!

Albo's is a standard for lunch, dinner, and hangover food.
They have a carry out special: 14' one topping for like $7.50.
Amazing if you are super hungry and don't want to think about what to get.
Also their lunch specials for around $7 are great... yummy chicken fingers!!!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes when they deliver they get stuff wrong... i.e.toppings or extras... but since I live so close I just walk over there and check my stuff before I leave.
It's also nice to sit in the air conditioning watching the tv for a bit anyways.
They are nice people, and if they do screw up on a delivery, they will come back and make it right.
For a HANGOVER there is nothing better than taking one of their pizzas to bed with you.

Best grilled chicken burger in the world.. fries was good and their ranch dressing is like nowhere else.. delicious and it's only $6.. thumbs up

Let me tell you, I am fond of their calimari!
If I am absorbing the spiritual energies and might of the slain beast I am devouring, the noble squid is a wise choice indeed.
The lemon wedges on the side were good as I can rest assured that I have eluded scurvy for at least the time being due to their high vitamin C content.
Did someone say cocktail sauce???
Oh hell yeah!!!
My inner animal spirit is primarily Architeuthis dux (giant squid) or, sometimes, Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni (colossal squid) but now it might be the particular binomial nomenclature of the Albo's calimari squid.
I like to drink Sprite with it!

The food was fresh and absolutely delicious.
I was surprised how diverse their menu is.
We had the calamari, lasagna and their albo pizza.
I would say that was the best pizza I ever had in Vegas.
Definitely recommend this place!

Okay, so my wife and I were trapped in Downtown Vegas by the Las Vegas Marathon.
We wandered around until we got hungry, then stopped into Albo for a pizza.
I asked the charming Bulgarian woman at the cash register if they could make a pizza very, VERY thin -- "New York style.
"  She said their pizza wasn't that thin, but they would try.
10 minutes later, a guy proudly brought the pizza to the table and said "this is the thinnest pizza we have ever made.
"  And, to paraphrase the Talking Heads, "it was.
"  The pizza's crust was nearly paper thin, the sauce was tasty but not over-seasoned, the cheese was fresh and the sausage was moist and flavorfulywithout being greasy.
My wife and I are happily married, in large part because we have the same taste:  in home decor, in comedy...in PIZZA.
My wife lived 10 years in NYC and, the morning after our Albo experience, she expressed her confusion over the fact that she thinks the pizza we had by accident in a crummy part of Vegas was one of the 3 best pizzas she's ever eaten.
So, if you get a chance (or even have to manufacture an excuse), go to Albo and tell them to make it "...very, VERY thin.
"  You won't be sorry!

Pleasantly surprised there pizza was very good it reminded me of ny pizza the wings were good too I did notice the girl had an accent I asked where they was from she said Bulgaria.
Damn keep it up good pizza worth a try when you go to Vegas

Always good, always on time, delivery people are helpful, polite, can communicate clearly ( hear that Cafe Verdi?
) and just plain good all around.
I order from them again and again after other places locally have let me down.
This is the kind of local place you want to support instead of calling chain stores.

Amazing food!

Ordered around 9;30pm.
Arrived in 45 mins on a Wednesday, just like they said.
Affordable 18" thin pizza for $18+ change.
We ordered the vegetarian and we weren't dissatisfied.
Lots of cheese and well portioned ingredients.
Not the best pizza I've had, but they deliver downtown and were open :) 3.5 stars, if halves were allowed on here.

I LOVE their Philly Cheese Steaks, I just got the plain Cheese with American Yellow Cheese it was AWESOME(not grease) on the toasted sub roll the price was great and it has become my new favorite place for Philly Cheese Steaks, next time i will add onions and mushrooms thought just to kick it up.
I live here in Vegas just down the street from here and I should have tired Albo's 1st.
My friends love the chicken wings as well, keep up the great food and prices are affordable for locals as well.
Thank you Albo's we Love you!

DO NOT GO HERE!
We went here Saturday 10/26/13 to buy pizza for dinner it had decent reviewes on yelp and Google so we gave a try my husband went in while I stayed in car.
When we got back to the hotel he informed me there were roaches everywhere on the floor and some in the straws that the employee decided to kill with a napkin and not wash her hands after and proceeded to bag up the food coming out the window.
When the roaches were brought y o the attention of the asdociate she proceeded to say they've had problems but keep coming back!!!
UNBELIEVABLE I cannot believe my husband would not ask for a refund I threw the food away.
Roaches don't just stay in one section of the restaurant!

Update : Still great!
Delivery people are still friendly, on time, and know what they are doing.
One mistake ( forgot drinks ) was made good on the next order without a problem.
So far they have never let me down.

I love Albo's Pizza their Double Philly Cheese Steaks, are the BEST cheese steak subs I have had in Las Vegas and I have lived here 7yrs and it took me this long to find the perfect cheese steak to MY Boston/NY taste.
Now I have my neighbors ordering them too from the Seigel Suites so it's close to home, fast delivery; food is still hot when we get it and it's all we ever order LOL.
Always 2 to 4 Cheese Steaks because they are so good.
We also did a taste test contest  with Albo's  Philly cheese steak -vs-Boston Pizza cheese steak across the street from  ALBO's and Albo's WON hands down!
With the freshest bread daily and the quality of meat is outstanding with the right amount of cheese.
(Boston pizza meat was too salty and didn't have the same presentation that Albo's given you and the bread sucked up all the cheese and just not as good as Albo's my ALL time favorite, I will never go anywhere but Albo's for them.
They are so good, I even put a pic on my Facebook cause their that good, staff is very friendly and we have dined in twice which is very charming atmosphere.
I even took my Boss there for lunch he's very picky BUT he even loved the Cheese Steaks He said "they were the best he ever had" and he's eat worldwide and loved them.

Situé au nord du Strip, Albo Pizza ne paie vraiment pas de mine vu de l'extérieur.
Conseillé par le staff du Cat Hostel où j'ai séjourné 1 nuit avant de prendre mon vol pour New York le lendemain, je rentre dans l'établissement qui est vide à 21h.
Normal les américains mangent tôt.
Accueil souriant par la serveuse qui nous tend des menus typiques américains.
J'ai commandé le burger classique avec frites et mon amie les spaghettis et boulettes de viande.
Après à peine 10 minutes d'attente viennent les plats.
Le burger est particulièrement savoureux et les frites dorées à point!
Les quantités sont quant à elles énormes et le prix imbattable, comptez 12$ pour un plat et une boisson.
En résumé Albo Pizza est une très bonne option si vous cherchez un resto passé 21h dans cette section assez désertée du strip.
Merci au staff du Cat Hostel!

Ordered from Albo's for a team lunch.
I personally ordered the turkey club with fries, just average to me.
My team members got the meat calzone and that was better than average.
I'd say overall it's a basic pizza/bar food restaurant.
Beats ordering from a pizza chain.
I wouldn't go out of my neighborhood to come here but it was decent for a working lunch.

used to go there all the time till I seen them on dirty dining(google KVNV dirty dining) and you will see, and what is worse my family and I ate there the day the pics were taking, never eat there again.

Just received a email from yelp where they took the picture down of the roaches on the walls and floor of their restaurant.
I find it a little discouraging that I never received a reply or apology from the owners of this restaurant yet yelp found it necessary to take pictures down because it isn't a broad representation of the business.
Hhmm I wonder how much that cost you aldo pizza?
Don't worry I won't step into a place where they're are roaches crawling everywhere and I don't get a simple reply of concern from the owners!

The grinders are what I always go for, but nothing beats their pie after a long night of drinking and karaoke at Dino's next door!
I have had the Philly, and it does not disappoint.
Today I went for the eggplant parmesan, and it is amazing!
The bread is fresh and delicious, the sauce is great, and it's buried in cheese.
Perfection!
Fiancee always gets the party melt and would probably eat one every day if allowed to.

