Don't  trust to any bad review.
I.m Russian and i went to Las Vegas many times.
My last visit we are stayed in Caesars Palase for 20 days.
We are tested many restaurants, but only Sea Harbour has very nice atmosfere with wery good quolity of food.
We spend 500$ every night but it's included 3 or 4 bottles of very good shampaine (100$ per bottle).
The dungeness crab with different kind of souse was prepared  for us every time with diferent method of coocking,specialy for us by cheaf.
Yammmy!!!!!
Im going back in january!!!!
I hope they are remember Mister P. :)

I've first went to this resturant in Canada, and so when my family and I stayed at Caesar Palace and saw this resturant, we immediately thought we should give it a try.
The food was good, and the staff were very nice.
What i didn't like was the atmosphere.
Don't get me wrong it's gorgeous in there, but i feel like I should be eating french cuisine or something and not family styled chinese food.

My fiancee and I ate at here over the weekend during our "nice" dinner night.
Our "nice" dinner quickly (or should I say, very slowly) turned horrible.
When we walked up, we were greeted by a nice hostess who promptly seated us.
This was the last pleasant moment.
We ordered an appetizer, which took 30 minutes to get to us (mind that there were only 3-5 other couples dining).
I eventually had to tell the manager that we had yet to receive our appetizer -- 30 seconds later he returned with it.
I will mention that our server walked by us approximately 20 times during our wait, without making eye contact or apologizing at all.
About 1 minute after finishing our appetizer, another waiter (who we had not seen all night) brought us our entrees without even removing the appetizer plate.
The food looked horrible, as if it had been sitting in a steam tray all day.
I had ordered the Hong Kong style noodles, which were thrown in a cheap, green-tinted pyrex serving tray and looked like one giant glob of noodle.
The sauce was bland.
The shrimp had a nice flavor to it, but that was about it.
My fiancee ordered Egg braised tofu with abalone sauce, and it essentially was fried tofu slathered in a disgusting looking gravy on a bed of creamed cabbage.
Both my fiancee and I have traveled the world extensively and have eaten fare from numerous countries and this was by far the poorest "authentic" cuisine we had ever tasted.
Steer clear, don't waste your money (or your time) here.
Food:          D Service:      F Ambiance:  B+

WAY overpriced.
it's definitely a great place to enjoy exotic and unique taste.
I've been to few high class restaurants, but It's customer service was among the best imo.
The restaurant itself is separated from other stores by an elevator, so it felt kinda special and more luxury.
The surround environment was not too chinese, but slightly oriental and elegant.
BUT, the food was awful.
I was like 'um this is exotic' but that was it.
totally not worth the money.

The wife and I went here prior to a show at the Colosseum.
We decided to try the five course tasting menu with match wine.
Negatives: Overall, I was a disappointed.
There were only three different wines which didn't start until we were on our third course.
The sauvignon blanc served with the lobster didn't pair at all.
My wife's seared sea bass was tempura-ed and very fishy.
Normally, when one orders a paired wine service, that service includes poring the wine in front of the guest with a brief description of the wine and why it was chosen for that particular course.
The only piece of information we received was, "this is an xxxx, enjoy".
Positives:  The staff was very attentive and accommodating.
The space is extremely pleasant and relaxing.
The Pinot Noir and desert Muscat were excellent.
(It would have been nice to have seen the bottle they were poured from.
I would have found them at the wine store and purchase a few bottles.
)  I think we might go back sometime and try ordering A la carte.

I gave it two stars for the ambiance and service which were impeccable.
The food - Lame.
Uninteresting and overpriced.
Singapore noodles were dry and the sea bass was full of bones with a bland sauce.
We must have been the only people in the restaurant, which seemed like a complete waste since the location was pretty incredible.
We didn't have a bad time, but I wouldn't come here again.

Dined at Sea Harbour the last weekend in July, this was my second time dining there and I noticed a few changes.
The menu has been streamlined and they now offer a new prix fixe dinner that is available to solo diners.
There has also been a change in corporate ownership.
Apparenly, Caesars (HET) has taken over operation of the restaurant while maintaining the Sea Harbour branding.
All in all, the dining experience still leaves a lot to be desired...food definitely takes a back seat to the room setting.
Unlike it's predecessor (the much missed Empress Court) the food is remarkably average considering the venue.
There's just nothing memorable about the quality of the dishes served.
My appetizers looked and tasted suspicioulsy like commercial food service items available from Sysco or the like.
Sauces were heavy handed and there were substitutions in the accompaning vegetables from what was described in the menu.
Room decor is outstanding (hasn't really changed from Empress Court days) however they really need to do something about the serving carts that they roll to the tables.
They have solid rubber tires and the noise they make rolling over the stone floor is really annoying  Dining room conspicuously empty on a Saturday evening during prime dining time.
I wouldn't be surprised if this room undergoes a change of branding yet again in the near future.

Update...Sea Harbour actually limped along a bit longer than I thought it would.
Note however that it has recenly (within the past couple of weeks)been re-branded back to Empress Court.
I'll be there in a couple of weeks to try it out

Only reason i came here was because I was staying at Cesars and the meal was comped.
It was nearly empty when we went for dinner....goes to show you it is not a very popular spot.
The service was good but the prices if i had to pay were VERY overpriced and SMALL portions!!
Honestly, i could have gotten more food and better prices at Pf Changs.
Sorry would never come back here again.

The restaurant was formally known as the Empress Court.
Extremely overpriced and the food's taste was decent but definitely didn't match up with its price.
We came for a family dinner and ordered a black cod steamed in soy sauce.
The waiter did not inform us on the market price until we saw the bill which cost $268 for a 3lbs black cod alone.
The market price in the supermarket was $5.99/lbs so i wonder which market did they got the fish?
Our bill was actually over a thousand bucks for 5 roasted pigeons, 2 black cods, two Yang Chow fried rice, 8 prawns, and one kungpao chicken.
All of this would cost us about $300 at New Port Seafood restaurant in Alhambra or 888 Seafood restaurant in San Gabriel and their foods taste better too.

It's a bar in Caesars Palace - opens late so handy for drinks!
not much else to say really!

