Note:  I bought my dress here back in August 2009 so my experience may differ.
I came to this location to try on my "dream dress" since the other location didn't carry the Piccione line and of course I said yes to the dress!
They have a wide variety of dresses for brides, bridesmaids, mothers, and flower girls to choose from that will fit your budget.
Customer service was great!
The woman that helped me was Debra whom and she was a sweetheart.
She happened to be at the N Rainbow location when I tried on other gowns so I was comfortable with her.
My sister and I brought our children and Debra was very kind to them.
She went out of her way and printed out papers for them to color.
Since I had been to both locations, I'm assuming that most girls knew me because when I saw them at the Bridal Spectacular they said hello to me which I thought was really nice.
The only problem that I encountered here was that my gown was supposed to be sent to the N Rainbow location and not this one but I can't complain since I did get my dream gown!

As the MOH (Man of Honor), one of the many obligations to the bride is helping her find a dress and all of the pre-wedding activities.
To say that I am beyond lost when it comes to all of this would be an understatement.
I have been Googling up a storm to find out what my responsibilities are.
Thank goodness for Alfred Angelo, because they have made a good part of the dress and accessory shopping easy.
My friend is a simple kind of girl and marrying into an Asian family.
At first, we thought finding a gown that would make her happy would be difficult.
First time into this shop and we were able to find a gorgeous dress with red incorporated into the train and sash.
Along the way we stopped by to get a headband, veil, and a fitting.
Every aspect has gone along wonderfully smooth.
::Knock on wood:: Now we only have a follow up and a final check in before the final product.
The variety of dresses are amazing including the Disney Fairytale line.
Now they even carry the Bella dress from the most recent Twilight movie.
For those who wish to marry your own sparkly vampire... you can now purchase your dress here.

I did not find my dress here but the customer service was so great.
After a disappointing experience at David's Bridal I was a walk in and treated like I had an appointment for months.
I wish I could remember the little gals name but she was in the dressing room helping me into the dresses, was not pushy, and was a peach!
My Mom found her dress there and is tickled.
The ordering process is seamless and they even offered to mail the dress to her because my mother lives out of town.

I didn't end up buying my wedding dress here, but I did get my bridesmaid's dresses from this store and my flower girl's dress.
The staff was not very helpful at all when I was trying on dresses & they weren't very helpful when my bridesmaids tried on dresses.
I feel they are understaffed because every time I came into the store, there was no one able to help me.
I made an appointment and I still had to wait because a "walk-in" came in before me.
What is the point of making an appointment if I have to wait anyway?
The dresses did come out awesome; however, my bridesmaids each told me when they got sized for their dresses the staff tried to convince them to get larger sizes then they needed.
Thank god they didn't listen to them because when their dresses came in, in their actual size, they fit them fine.
I didn't get any alterations through Alfred Angelo because they said it can take up to 6 weeks to be done , which is ridiculous.
Overall, I was very very pleased with the dresses, but the staff could work a little harder at better customer service- they all seemed like they didn't like working there.

I have been to Alfred Angelo twice, once for a bridesmaid dress and my most recent trip to look at wedding dresses for myself.
Customer service has been good.
The first time I went in for a bridesmaid dress I didn't have an appointment but one of the consultants quickly made time for me to try on a few dresses.
When I was wedding dress shopping, the consultant assisting me, Jantelle (I think) was extremely helpful.
I had initially set an appointment at Alfred Angelo a couple months previous at a wedding show otherwise I probably never would have went dress shopping there.
Ultimately, I just didn't care for any dresses at AA, they just seem very mass produced and nothing special.
The dresses themselves were probably 2 star but customer service was a solid 4.5 stars.

BE AWARE!
This location has the most unprofessional, inappropriate and inconsiderate sales associates I have ever dealt with.
They were not accommodating, knowledgeable or have a clue on how to treat customers with integrity and respect.
By the way, during this entire experience, there was no one else in the store.

I found my wedding dress here.
I was helped by Mary and she was fabulous.
It only took about 7 dresses before I found "the one.
" I know I disappointed Mary because I didn't cry.
I loved working with her and she was awesome.
Sometimes conversations got lost in translation over the phone or when I was dealing with someone other than Mary.
But all in all it was pretty great and I found the dress of my dreams.

I made an appointment at  this location to look at dresses for my bridesmaids and myself.
The customer service was definitely lacking.
When my bridesmaids had gathered an armful of dresses to try on, I was the one that grabbed them and went and found a dressing room (while one of the employees watched me).
They had to find their own undergarments to try on with the dresses.
We had to ask for clips to pin in some of the dresses.
All of this should have been done for us since we had an appointment.
When I decided to look at dresses for myself I told the lady what I wanted.
Instead of offering to show me what dresses they had similar to what I wanted she just said that they did have some dresses similar and left it at that.
I ended up going and looking myself.
In addition to having no customer service they had very few sizes to try on.
My MOH fell in love with one of the dresses and decided to get it there.
The rest of us went across the way to David's Bridal where we had another appointment scheduled.
We all ended up getting our dresses there instead.

I haven't been in yet because every time I have scheduled to get my wedding dress altered, they push back my date!!
My wedding is in less than 2 months (very short engagement; fiance is in the Air Force) & I've expressed that to the staff, the lady on the phone says "you'll be fine.
" Really?
They haven't even seen my dress yet...
I go in tomorrow, I'm hoping my experience in person is better than what I've recieved over the phone.
Not impressed so far.

I love this store, makes David's look like a discount bridal store.
Have been in a few times and both the ladies that have helped us ( Kelsea & Catilina ) were amazing & very helpful.
I will always recommend Alfred Angelo

I am FINALLY done with this place.
It was not a great experience here AT ALL - for lack of better words!
If I could give 0 stars I would... First off, after pushing my alterations date back THREE times, they demanded $500 from me THAT DAY for my alterations...
They failed to tell me that was expected when you come in for alterations, so I was really shocked...
Especially after the terrible customer service I had been receiving from these people.
The seamstress is friendly but really pushy on buying MORE things from them, like a veil, the slip, etc.
Things I didn't NEED to get from them.
I did purchase a slip from them but I was constantly reminded that since I didn't purchase a veil from them I wouldn't have it steamed...
Ok???
I figured that... Lol.
The employee's constantly told me they'd call me to not worry and call them but I waited just 2 weeks before my wedding (they had the dress for over a month now) on how my dress was doing and when to come in for a final fitting and they finally scheduled me to come in when they said "does sunday work?...
cause you don't have much time" NO SH*T!
It's not my fault you cant call your customers... & The seamstress informed me during my final fitting that the employee's complained about me calling ONCE and my mother calling ONCE.
Really??
Nice to know you can't understand that I work also and need to make the appointment around my crazy schedule so I need time in advance.
TERRIBLE customer service.
I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone.
There's a David's Bridal right behind them... Don't do what I did, save yourself the headache, and go to David's!
I'm sure it can't be as bad as this place!!

This store is beautiful and the people who work there are so kind and helpful.
My Mom and I walked in and we were immediately greeted.
We had just came from David's Bridal where we learned these stores usually need appointments.
We were told it was ok if we didn't have an appointment and they'd be happy to help.
Cathalina showed us some options and she didn't bat an eye when I told her how low my budget was.
She helped me try on three different styles, all were gorgeous.
She had to pin me into all of them, but didn't seem to mind and she was very professional.
I didn't feel pressured to buy one of them, but I knew I had options.
There was a woman behind the counter who complimented me on the one I really liked, which I thought was nice.
This store makes you feel special and the people in in are very helpful.
If you check it out I highly recommend Cathalina!

Great customer service!
Irene was so nice.
She picked out beautiful dresses for me to try on.
She was very helpful.
They didnt have the dress that I wanted to try on from their catalogue, but she pulled out a very similar bridesmaid dress.
I ended up buying that dress and it saved me a lot of money.
The only reason why Im giving them 4 stars is because the some of the dresses I tried on were dirty.
But all in all, the experience was great.

The Alfred Angelo staff are incredible!!
Warren, Ashley & Anna went above and beyond to help make our wedding day perfect.
After a erroneous ordered bride's maid dress (incorrect size).
Warren, Ashley & Anna did all they could to replace the dress in the VERY short window we had before the wedding.
Not only did they accomplish getting a new sized custom order bride's maid dress, but they were exceptionally professional and apologetic.
Highly recommended!
I'd give them 6 stars for customer service if I could!

Attractive store and attentive staff.
Shamaica was sweet and helpful.
I haven't decided on my dress yet, but I had a very good experience and have no complaints!
The mirror setup really helps you see dresses from every angle.

