The store is clean and nicely laid out, and it's easy to find the department you're looking for.
They have all the necessities, but not nearly enough variety.
Of course, I'm just slightly biased coming from San Francisco where the women's Macy's store is 7 floors, and the men's and children's store is across the street.
The location in the San Tan mall is where I normally go since it's closest to where I live, but I do make the drive to the Chandler mall if I need more of a selection.

Everyone is so friendly, in particular, Myra in the Impulse department.
She's always friendly and has a good eye for fashion.
She has no problem telling me what looks good on me and what doesn't.
She's never pressured me into buying anything and for that I keep going back - been over 2 years.
I love this location.
It's always so clean and the layout is easy on the eyes.
I don't get overwhelmed when I walk in.
I agree with others when the selections are as big as other locations but their level of customer service by far stand out.
Having a Starbuck's at this location and a handful of coupons is always a good day.

This is like a mini Macy's, it's smaller than the one by my old house.
I think the selection suffers because it's small which stinks.
However, the service is great.
Very friendly.
When I was shopping for my dress for the company holiday party, the sales woman was angel and kept running back for different sizes for me, she was happy to help.
The dressing rooms are very nice and spacious, there's even a sitting area for women to plop down their significant others.

This is a really nice Macy's to shop at... it somehow feels 'higher' end because it is not organized like the other mall Macy's and because their dressing rooms are spacious, well-lit, and modernly decorated... whereas the mall rooms are like going to try clothes on at Ross!
I found a decent selection of maternity clothes in their itty bitty section of Maternity, so I was satisfied.
The prices were Macy's prices, but they had a coupon you could use for 10% off (unless it was the Motherhood brand... yay for me!..
not!)...
so I didn't get to use it for this purchase.
Besides the very nice decor and layout and modern feel of the Macy's, here were a few things I noted:  The ladies working here were genuinely NICE ladies... very friendly, helpful, talkative, just had a great attitude.
I would come back here over the Chandler Mall just for that :)  PS: they have a Starbucks here but couldn't accept by Gold Card because their system wasn't linked??
:( no Americano for momma.

Very small men's section with very few fashionable items.
Coming from Chicago this is really sort of dingy and small overall.
Understaffed, there was nobody to help out or do dressing room assistance even on a not so busy day.
Old feeling store with poor lighting.
Surely there're better stores in the city.

I have heard nice compliments about our customer service and how clean our store is.
Come in and visit us!

I was really disappointed when I went to Macy's last week.
I went prom dress shopping with my sister and we found 2 dresses that she loved.
We decided to buy both of them so that we could take them both home to get my parents' opinions.
I went to return one of the dresses, with the original receipt, and they told me that I could only get partial store credit and partial cash.
Apparently because my sister had used her Visa giftcard to pay for the dress, they wouldn't give me cash for that portion of the return and would only give me store credit.
The only reason they are even getting 2 stars is because I was able to find a few decently priced things after I shopped just about every rack in the store.
The return policy on the receipt says that a return for cash can be made if you have the original receipt.
Apparently there is some "fine print" that they didn't bother actually printing.

