My friend just got married here on Saturday and all I can say is "WOW".
When you here about a wedding in Vegas, you don't usually think it's going to be that great, but this was amazing!
The grounds were absolutely beautiful and we were graced with wonderful weather that day.
The wedding coordinator was so nice and every one working there from the DJ to the bartender were friendly and just added to the overall great feeling of this place.
The officiant who conducted the ceramony was funny and had us all laughing throughout the (short) service.
The decorations were BEAUTIFUL.
The wall behind the wedding party table was covered with twinkle lights with sheer fabric over that.
There were more lights over the pillars around the room.
The table decorations were simple black table clothes, white chairs with white bows.
A round mirror on each table held a couple of tea lights and a vase of yellow roses.
Everything is done by The Grove from the flowers to the food.
The brides bouquet was a lovely combination of yellow roses and lilies and the bridesmaids (me included) had yellow roses.
The food was good as well.
Prime rib with gravy, steamed veggies, baked ziti, salmon in some sort of sauce (I didn't try this one) and rolls.
YUM!
I almost went for seconds but decided not to be a pig, lol.
But best thing ever?
OPEN BAR!!!!!!!!!!
Totally made up for the $18 pina colada I had the day before.
I think I had about 6-7 mai tai's =)  The only down side is the time limit.
The wedding was at 11 and had to end by 3.
My friend did say it is possible to buy more time though.
If I had to get married on a budget, I would totally get married here!

I went here for a community meeting open house about two years ago.
The grounds are absolutely breathtaking and you forget you are in Las Vegas, Well worth taking a look at for a wedding off the strip in a garden environment with its own onsite catering and banquet rooms.

We checked out the Grove on our trip to Vegas this weekend since we are looking for outside wedding venues.
This place was nice.
The grounds are beautiful and they offer you 3 options for an outside wedding (the gazebo, by the water and under the trees).
They also have really affordable all-inclusive packages, which is nice because you can basically sign up and not have to hunt for a florist, photographer, cake, etc separately.
We thought the outside of the venue was a bit shabby though.
It looks like there is a trailer park or something next door and they are also doing a lot of construction on the streets leading up to the venue.
That was really my only sticking point with the place.
Also, the reception hall wasn't as nice as some others we saw and the dressing rooms were basically regular bathroom stalls.
I don't think we'll book the Grove but it seems like a popular spot.
There were 2 weddings happening on Saturday when we visited.
3.5 stars

My husband and I got married here last Sunday.
For the most part it was pretty ok. For the price ($400 - can't really beat that for a wedding venue), we can't complain too much.
The limo arrived on time and got us there about 20 minutes before the ceremony.
I was able to slip on my dress and I was ready to go.
As I was standing by the door, ready to start my walk though, I could hear the minister Phil yelling at my guests to get out of the way and sit down.
I'll be honest, he was kind of an asshole.
My Uncle was only walking to his seat but was rudely scolded by him for it.
I must say (sarcastically) that seeing that on my wedding video was great.
We had a Garden Terrace ceremony and I must say that looks can be deceiving.
The pictures online don't give you an accurate idea of how small that area really is.
We had a small ceremony there, so it ended up working, but any more people and it would have been an uncomfortable fit.
We didn't have too many hiccups and to be honest, I was more into the whole "committing myself to my new husband" thing than being concerned with what was going on around me.
Overall, it wasn't bad and I was happy with our day.
The photographer on site (Kay) said she was really backed up with photos, so we should hopefully get them in 3-4 weeks.
Fingers crossed.

My husband and I got married here last Wednesday.
The grounds were absolutely beautiful, you can choose 3 locations gazebo was our choice and we loved it.
There was 2 lady's working and both of them are lovely and very helpful.
They help me make my day special:) Thank you I'm giving 4 stars because of limousine service which one was not really good.We couldn't find car, park fairly far and didn't want to come closer( it was really windy).I think it would be much easier if the driver text the customer there would be any confusion (its how is done in DC)

One of my cousin's got married at this wedding venue.
It's definitely off the strip, so make sure you allow time to travel here, especially if it's during the week and around rush hour.
The staff did a good job with the decor.
Only have a few complaints.
First, the girl who bartended didn't mix the drinks very well.
I ordered a vodka w/cranberry juice and my drink tasted just like juice.
Second, the venue could have warmed the temperature up a bit.
It was a bit chilly inside and everyone that day was looking to get in from the cold, blustery day going on outside.
Other than that, the food was tasty.
They served up carved roast beef, chicken florentine, caesar salad, cheese tortellini salad, mashed potatoes, au gratin potatoes, rolls, and grilled squash.
The facility is perfect for medium-sized weddings of no more than 100 people.
The bathrooms are clean and the staff is friendly.

I have to update my review of the Grove because in the end we decided not to have a humungous wedding and went with a small ceremony like we both always wanted.. and we had it at the Grove.
This place is awesome if you want a stress-free wedding day.
They take care of everything.
All you do is pick the package you want, let them know the # of guests you are having and what color flowers you want.. (and a couple other things I guess if you plan to do the reception here too).
We just did the ceremony here and did a reception dinner on the strip since we had a small group of 25.
The ceremony was short (which I think everyone appreciated :) but it was really beautiful.
It was actually raining on the strip in Vegas on our wedding day, but at the Grove it was sunny and clear skies.
Most of the services affiliated with the Grove were great - the flowers were gorgeous and I used the hair/makeup service they refer and that turned out great as well.
The limo was on time and the driver was nice enough to call the Grove and give me weather updates as I worried while it was pouring down rain on the strip.
Stephanie was awesome, making sure everything was just perfect on the big day.
After the ceremony, the ladies at the Grove offered to help me with the complicated bustle on my dress when me & my bridesmaids couldn't get it working.
Now that is service!
We got the shuttle bus service for our guests as well which made it easy to get everyone to & from the strip.
Definitely recommend that to save lots of $ on cab rides and it gets everyone to the venue on time.
The only thing that was not so good was the photography.
I definitely recommend hiring your own professional rather than using the one they refer.
We got 125 photos, and I figured that would mean maybe she takes 200 or more and gives you 125 good ones, but it looked like she just snapped the camera 125 times and that was it.
I was expecting a few photos with our eyes closed and things like that, but to be honest, a good chunk of the photos were like that.
There were 4 of the 125 that I liked :( Luckily one of my friends who is great with a camera took a ton of photos and saved me.
The pluses: +Outside venue (love!
) +Super affordable +Stress-free planning w/ all inclusive packages  Minuses: -Photographer  The big day went off without a hitch!
Many thanks to the Grove :)

I wanted to get married in Vegas, so that I didn't have to do a lot of planning or have a big hassle... but I didn't really want a Vegas Chapel wedding, and I sure couldn't afford a casino wedding.
The Grove was a perfect choice.
The price was right.
The staff (particularly my planner Xina) were professional and made everything happen with very little effort from me.
It was excellent to do a one-stop shop - I got to pick the menu, the flowers, the cake flavors, the ceremony style, and customize the music.
I think I spent about 3-4 hours total planning the details of my wedding.
I was VERY happy with the venue and staff.
The venue: Was actually a LOT nicer than the website photos!
It was beautiful outside.
The reception hall was elegant, really.
The food: Delicious.
Not lying.
And I'm a SF foodie.
We opted for a beer and wine only package.
Cash bar.
Was very happy.
The officiant: great.
Gave a great ceremony, touching, appropriate humor.
The coordinator: Super on top of it.
Detail oriented.
Gracious.
Their subcontracted services -   Photo: Per other Yelpers, and looking at the photographers website, I opted to use my own photographer (www.spittingimageproductions.com) and he ROCKED.
Flowers: gorgeous, simple, elegant.
I did a red rose bouquet for me and my matron, corsages for the groom, best man.
I ordered two extra wrist corsages for the mothers - really inexpensive!
My bouquet lasted forever.
Cake: OMG yum.
I ordered the white cake, and paid the $30ish upcharge to have fresh whipped cream frosting and fresh strawberry filling.
It was freaking delicious.
And I don't even like cake.
Limo: The only negative of the whole event.
The limo shuttles were standard shuttle busses.
The drivers made NO attempt to identify themselves to guests - people were really confused.
The shuttles were clearly rented or borrowed from other businesses.
One of the two shuttles had a nameplate in the front, but it was grossly misspelled.
Even after confusion, the drivers did not apologize at all.
I expected a bottle of cheap champagne or bottled water, but I didn't even get a smile.
DJ: The DJ was good.
Not wow, but just fine!
We didn't have a lot of dancers at the party, so it wasn't a focus.
He played some classic wedding fare, and also mixed in some of the merengue, salsa, cumbia and bachata that we provided on disc in advance.
Feel free to message me and ask any other questions about my experience!
I highly recommend The Grove.

Very long review, but if you are planning on having your wedding here you should read this before you set the date .....
So many issues with this place!
Unreal!
They are suppose to make this whole thing easier on the bride and groom and instead it was a nightmare.
Issue after issue with them.
Not happy with the service we were given.
First we had problems with The staff.
They  had problems getting our paperwork in order.
We had to send it several times, and spoke to several different coordinators that obviously didn't communicate.
They called to change our time 2 weeks after we set the date and time.
I was printing out the invitations when she called, so wasn't too big of a nightmare, but still set me back.
They changed our time because the minister wasn't available at that time.
This is something that should be taken care ahead of time before they book a wedding at that time.
I was told I had one coordinator then was given to another one.
So confusion was an issue.
Then we had set up a phone appointment to go over final plans 4 weeks before the wedding.
She called two hours after our set appointment to say sorry we had a lot of walk-in and I got caught up.
I set out time in my busy schedule to talk to her and she was very not convincing in apologies.
We had an appointment that should have come first instead of those people that walked in.
So I rescheduled the appointment for the following week.
Again 3 hours later after our set appointment she called again saying she was sorry that she got caught up.
I was ready to cancel the whole thing, and find someone else.
Had I not had family flying in from around the country I would have.
The icing on the cake was the limo!
He was 15 minutes late picking us up so we arrived at the grove basically when the wedding was suppose to start.
As I got out of the limo my dress rubbed on the door frame and was covered in black oil!
i was so angry, but what can you do?
They should have a clean limo picking up brides in white dresses one would think.
The coordinator got club soda, but it was oil.
My dress was ruined down the side.
Her response was sorry it will come out when you clean it, and the photographer will touch up every picture so you wont see it.
That was besides the point.
My $1000 wedding dress was ruined before the ceremony even started.
The ceremony went well thus the 2 stars instead of one.
The Minister was awesome, and the photographer was great as well.
Even though there was much confusion.
The ceremony started almost 20 minutes late because the ending of the wedding before us was still getting pictures.
I was left in the brides room standing there waiting for the photographer to take pictures before the ceremony.
The thing that sent me over board was the limo driver.
When we arrived back at out reception area he told us he was on overtime and that we owed him $60 bucks for being an hour late arriving back at our destination.
This was not our fault!
He was 15 minutes late for picking us up, and the coordinators and photography was slow on getting us going.
So it wasn't our fault.
My husband was irate as he said he mobbed us for the money.
We just got married and were ready to enjoy the night at our reception, and instead of taking it up with the grove (because they are hired out not part of the groves staff) he mobbed us for the money demanding it really.
I got my purse and gave him the difference of what we had originally tipped him and went on our way.
This was a nightmare!
So disappointed with the service given by the grove and the limo company the grove hires.
The minister and photographer were amazing, but this place gave us issue after issue making our wedding not so pleasant.
I recently met a new friend through my husbands work who also got married at the grove.
We both had stories to tell, and went on about it for bout an hour.
I have urged her to write a review as well about the horrible service she was given to spread the word.

We recently got married at The Grove (June '12) and were VERY happy with everything.
The staff were very helpful and responsive throughout the process and we were grateful for all of their help.
Zina (sp?
) was amazing and made sure everything ran smoothly the day of.
The location itself was beautiful and perfectly fit our desire to have an outdoor wedding off of the strip.
They were very flexible and let us do all of the little special things we wanted to do.
We brought in our own outside florist and photographer, so I cannot speak to their quality.
The DJ did a good job and the food was tasty (some of the better wedding buffet food I have had).
Overall we were very satisfied!

The place will forever have a place in my heart.
My husband and I were planning our wedding and looked at a bunch of different places to have our special day.
Some places were expensive, some places were cheap.. but the Grove was just right.
Fit all of our needs and the staff was extremely helpful and nice.
They have different packages with things that they offer and everything was reasonably priced.
We got married on November 26, 2011.
The limo came to pick us up right on time and we had a smooth ride to the Grove.
My husband and I got married in the beautiful gazebo.
All of our guests sat in the gazebo and watched us get married.
The whole property itself is truly gorgeous!
My father and I had a beautiful walk to the gazebo while everyone watched and it was really memorable, I will never forget it.
Some places that offer wedding packages come with a view of a golf course or at a hotel.. which in my opinion can be distracting because you have people playing golf walking around, or you have hotel guests walking in and out of hallways to and from the bathroom.
This place is just right!
Once you book your day.. that time is all yours.
Only your family members and guests are there and no one else walking around!
It makes it very intimate and private.. and weddings are a special and private thing.
Another thing I loved about the Grove was that we did not have to hire a photographer to come in, it was included in our package.
All of our pictures are so beautiful and I honestly look at them everyday.
The company that was included in our package was Sunset Studios and they did a great job!
My husband and I were VERY happy with the Grove!
We loved it!

I'm so excited to write this review!
I went to a wedding here once and thought it was beautiful, and my husband and I decided to have our wedding here.
We were just married at The Grove in September 2012.
I mostly dealt with Zena, who was awesome and very willing to help out and answer any questions we had.
We also had the opportunity to attend their "open house" a month before our wedding, which was great because we were able to taste test the food and cake.
We had a large wedding with about 150 guests and the ceremony was set in the orchard at sunset.
We had a specially made arch, and they were very accomodating to allow us to set it up earlier in the day even though there were other weddings going on in other parts of the venue at the time.
They took all of my "supplies" and decorated the reception room exactly the way I wanted.
This was a big plus for me, I didn't have to worry about setup at all.
Our wedding package included cake, bride's bouquet / maid of honor's bouquet, two boutonnieres, DJ, food, open bar, wedding planner and our officiant's fee ended up being waived because our wedding was on a Sunday.
(They apply a discount for having your event on a Sunday).
They also do include centerpieces, but I wanted to use my own for my specific theme.
I did not use their photographer, I hired my own.
Photographer is included, but you have to pay additional for any pictures.
I'm going to review specifics because that's what I was looking for when researching this venue:  Cake - Amy with Cake Couture was super nice and her cake was not only beautiful, it was delicious.
It was more beautiful than I expected.
She decorated it to my specifications, and she even offered great suggestions.
All of my guests told me afterward how tasty the cake was.
I posted a picture of it (cherry blossom cake).
Food - The food was delicious.
We splurged for the prime rib and it was tender and savory.
Our guests also thouroughly enjoyed the food.
DJ - The DJ was incredible.
He did exactly what I wanted at our wedding.
He kept the guests updated on activities, he played our specified list, he was always giving me and my husband updates on what to do next and let us know of any time constraints.
The music he played was a good mix for our crowd.
There was absolutely no lag time and everyone enjoyed the music and the dance floor was always full.
Officiant - Our officiant, Phil, was kind and cracked a couple of quick jokes which kept the ceremony light.
He did forget to do a reading I asked him to do in an email, but it really wasn't a big deal.
I blame myself for this.
I should've re-confirmed it with him because I asked to add the reading after I already turned in the final paperwork to him.
Now some negatives:  Flowers - I made an appointment with Sherry who is in charge of the flowers.
I had no idea what I wanted for the ceremony and I know nothing about flowers.
Sherry was NOT helpful at all and rude!
She didn't have any pictures of the seasonal bouquets, and she didn't offer any suggestions on what I can do with the ceremony space.
Even when I asked, she had nothing.
I felt like I was an inconvenience to her.
I ended up just telling her my colors and hoping the bouquets turned out ok.  (They did, btw).
They wanted to charge too much for bridesmaid's bouquets so I just ended up making my own.
As for the ceremony area, I ended up decorating it myself.
I strongly suggest any bride that meets with Sherry to have exact specifications of what you want and/or doing any additional flowers yourself.
Donna (wedding planner) - Now, I found Donna to be helpful, but my wedding party and my guests didn't like her.
She did help me with any questions I had and she was organized with all of my specifications.
At the rehearsal, she was very snappy with my wedding party, BUT I am going to be the devil's advocate here and say she was entitled to be snappy.
We were only allowed a 30 minute rehearsal and my wedding party was too busy being social and talkative rather than paying attention on what they were supposed to do, so I do hand it to her that she took the initiative to get their attention because it made her the bad guy and not me.
We ended up taking an hour and 15 minutes, so I totally understand Donna's annoyed attitude.
However, the day of the wedding, she got snappy at me when I thought they were playing the wrong ceremony music, but I got over it fast because I was being a spaz and I knew that I didn't have to deal with her anymore afterward.
She is a little rude, but she does have a difficult job.
My maid of honor says that's not an excuse for her rudeness.
OVERALL - I had an amazing wedding here!
My guests are still talking about how beautiful and perfect everything was.
I do highly recommend this place.
The price is reasonable for the beautiful setting and accomodations.

Recently attended a banquet here.
What a fabulous place!
Unlike all other reception halls in Vegas.
Not only did they  provide fantastic service, the place has a beautiful and secluded garden that transports you right out of the typical Vegas hub bub.

The location is beautiful.
What felt a little weird was seeing other areas on the property set up for wedding ceremonies that were meant to happen shortly after the one I attended was over.
We were rather rushed out and it made me sad that we couldn't enjoy the place for a longer period of time and take more pictures.
I did find the background music piped outdoors to be a bit loud and the seats were situated so far back from the Minister and the couple that we had to strain to hear what was going on.
My friend said she had requested that the chairs be closer but they didn't follow through.
These aren't major issues but were slightly irritating at the time.
If I were to get married in Las Vegas, considering a venue like this is the way to go to avoid the cheese factor.

Our wedding was beautiful, reasonably priced, easy to plan...
I would really recommend this place and Zina!

There are some things in Vegas that I just don't understand, and The Grove is one of them.
Why in the world would someone want to have one of the most memorable days of their entire life held in this postage stamp sized little pocket park that is stuck in the middle of suburban Las Vegas where all the houses look like they were stamped out by cookie cutters?
Once you slip inside the actual grove, yes I'll admit it's beautiful.
But it's small.
And once the champagne buzz goes away and you step past the trees you realize this is just a place stuck on the side of the Gilcrease animal sanctuary and surrounded by houses.
Lots and lots of houses.
If you ever want to go back and show someone where you got married I'd be willing to bet you'll cringe about how it looks from the outside.
The staff is friendly and helpful, the venue itself is beautiful, but if you have a larger sized group don't let the website oversell you on the location.
Go visit it, and walk the place.
You'll either see what I see, or you'll be in love with the place so much that you'll be whipping out your debit card and signing contracts before you know it.
My fiancee's comment: From the outside it just looks horrible.
Yep, totally agree with her on that one.
One last thing: This is one of the places that Apple Maps has trouble with...use Google Maps on your phone to find it.
3 Stars - Splitting it right down the middle.
IMHO, it ain't all that.

My husband and I got married here in August of 2012, we are from the LA area and we had a very intimate ceremony and reception of about 35 guests.
Our wedding was absolutely perfect!
The staff was amazing and extremely helpful at this location.
There vendors that were associated and that we used were great, the food was yummy, the cake was delicious and the DJ was a super cool guy.
The coordinator I believe was Zina and she was so sweet and professional.
The first time that we went to the location the reception area had this ugly maroon carpet, much to my surprise when we actually had our big day they renovated to an Italian marble that completely tranformed the area.
The price was exceptional and the quality was superb.
All of our friends and family still talk about our wedding and how it was the best time and wedding that they have been to.
We wouldn't change a thing about our great day at The Grove in Las Vegas!

My husband and I got married at the grove on 9/8/13.
We had a large wedding ( 200 people) Our coordinator was Zina, and she was amazing!!!
Amazing in every sense of the word.
From the moment that we booked until we walked down the aisle, they answered every email very promptly, answered every question that I had no matter how miniscule.
My rehearsal and wedding day went off without a hitch.
It was perfect.
We got married in the almond orchard, the background music was perfect, it was all perfect perfect perfect.
The price that we paid was ridiculously good.
The food (I've heard :-)) was wonderful.
Amy at Cake Couture did a great job and our cake was beautiful.
We used our own florist, minister, photographer and videographer.
But the DJ, the venue, the lighting... all of it was gorgeous.
I recommend the Grove to anyone.

We planned our wedding at The Grove and were not very satisfied.
We did the ceremony only package.
Our wedding planner was not pleasant at all, the minister did not do the blessing of the rings or the prayer we had requested.
we were told the ceremony would take 10-12 minutes and it took about 4 and our photographers did not speak English.
We were very disappointed.
Hey, at lest we're married!

The Grove was a great choice considering I was an out of town bride.
They handled everything for me.
The ceremony and reception space were beautiful.
The food was good and they were able to mix up my signature drink perfectly.
The flowers were amazing.
And Zina was great.
There were a couple of hiccups though...
The Cake I had asked for an art deco style peacock feather pattern on the cake (even sent a photo) and ended up getting one large slanted peacock feather on each layer rather than the pattern.
This ended up making it so that the cake didn't coordinate with the other peacock feather items I had at the reception.
The Open Bar We had the open bar option A and so I figured that if a guest ordered any of the items on the open bar's included list, that it would be included.
I found out later that my guest were paying for drinks all night because if they ordered a shot (even if it was on the included list) it wasn't included!
I was a bit embarrassed.
Wedding Coordination I didn't realize that the wedding coordinator would not be there through the end of the reception (which I could have really used).
Zina ended up leaving just after we were seated and she brought us our dinner.
I really could have used someone to help me coordinate the rest of the evening.... especially the sparkler sendoff I had planned!
(which, by the way I do not recommend lol).
Over all, I would use them again.
It just would have been nice to know about these couple of things before hand.

My husband and I were married at the grove on August 3rd.
We got the largest package so they didn't schedule anyone else to have a wedding that day - this gave us more people that helped us throughout the wedding.
They worked with us a lot and even though I only met with the coordinator twice, she remembered everything we requested.
We even added extra vendors which they accommodated to and we didn't have to worry about anything at all!
We did not have our ceremony there, as we got married in our church, but they made our reception exceptionally beautiful.
We had about 150 guests and everyone seemed to have a great time.
The dj took our personalities and made the perfect song list himself.
He even let us use our grandmothers old record player and record for our first dance with the microphone up next to it.
Even though I was a pretty laid back bride, we seemed to have no hiccups or problems what-so-ever!
They did a beautiful job and it was a night to remember.
:) P.S.
they have random animals that roam the grounds.
It's super cute and exciting.

This place was great!
Made everything very easy for us!
There was no stress on my wedding day because they made it so easy.
You can't beat the price!
It would be very hard to have a comparable wedding at this price anywhere else.
The grounds are beautiful.
No one else was there during our slot, so we had the entire place to ourselves.
Cake and flower vendors were great!
They had great ideas and I didn't have to spend much time worrying about little details.
Food was great and bartenders were also good.
The only thing I would suggest, bring your own photographer.
The photographer provided was very rude and did not speak English.
Only about 1/4 of the photos were actually good.

I absolutely love this place!
Everything was so easy.
I just had my wedding yesterday and it looked so elegant.
They did all the decorating for us because we brought in our own linens and center pieces.
Our wedding planner Zina was full of energy and great advice on where to find all the great deals.
She unfortunately had a minor accident and I ended up with a brand new wedding planner two days before the wedding!!!!!!
But they are so organized and communicate with each other that it seemed like our brand new planner, Donna, was with us from the very beginning.
Our DJ Francisco was amazing right down from the song selection to making sure we stayed on time and informing us on  what to do next!
Great crew all together.

The Grove did an awesome job with my daughter's wedding a few weeks ago.
I can't say enough good things about how the wedding turned out.
I highly recommend this place for the beautiful settings, the food, the prices are very reasonable, and how accommodating they are to your personal touches.
It was a great experience!!
Amy was wonderful to work with and very patient with our changing demands.
She made a chocolate cake with salted caramel filling that was delicious and very moist.
We were extremely happy with how the cake turned out.
We had chocolate covered strawberries between the layers of the cake.
She made them that morning, they were really good.
Thanks Amy, we loved it!!
The flowers that Sherrie did for us were absolutely perfect and just beautiful.
We rented a chuppah and upgraded the flowers from what is included with the package.
The prices were reasonable and it was more than we had hoped for.
Thanks Sherrie for the great job!
The food was great, we had the prime rib and chicken piccata.
Everything was hot, fresh and really yummy.
I got a lot of good comments from people on the food.
I'd actually come back and eat there again if I could   Zina was our wedding coordinator.
She was so great to work with!
Answered all my questions promptly and kept us on track throughout the day of the wedding.
We dropped off centerpieces and different things we wanted on the tables and everything just looked beautiful when we got there.
We rented a photo booth from Ugly Duck Photobooth rentals for the reception and a chuppah for the ceremony.
Zina made sure they were set up where they needed to be, and everything was perfect!
It was a very fun day with no stress because when I got there, I could see that everything was perfect and totally organized.
Zina knew exactly what we wanted, had everything in place and I was able to relax and enjoy the day.
Thank you Zina, you are truly awesome!

I absolutely looooooooooove this place for a wedding and reception!!
It's so gorgeous and it's perfect for  beautiful weddings that doesn't include walking through a smokey smelly casino!
The twinkle lights on the trees make it so pretty for scenery and picture taking!
Definitely have your big day here and you'll have the wedding of your dreams!

We had our wedding there on May 17th 2014 and it was absolutely perfect!
For a person that does not do planning events or has no wedding experience, The Grove made everything simple and easy!
Everything went smooth, no hassles, everything we wanted was available and done for us.
The staff was amazing!
Friendly and professional.
The Orchard area was beautifully decorated for us, it was very difficult to choose the place we wanted to take our vows because each area was beautiful and breathtaking!
Our cake was gorgeous and exactly what we asked for.
I would recommend this place for anyone who wants to have a perfect wedding.

Initially I was excited to book my wedding here because it is pretty and affordable.
However, I was unable to do so because the staff is completely unprofessional!
After verbally agreeing to hold a date for me until June 15th so I could gather all of the money for the deposit, I received a phone call June 10 saying I had to have all the money that day or they were giving the date to someone else.
I did consider scrambling to find all the money that day, but then I realized that they can't be trusted and that was bad business.
They simply had to wait 5 days, which they agreed to in the first place.
If they couldn't even do that who knows what would have happened with my wedding.

