Pretty snazzy fries and a decent double double were my companions during this workday, and I must say they were truly good company.
Perhaps if I was able to sit down and enjoy my meal rather than have to eat it on the go, I could have savored it much better.
But, I'm in the process of streamlining our courier service and had to focus more on the navigation of the driver than this delicious burger and tasty fries, so something might have been lost in translation.
Needless to say, if I ever find myself transferred to our Mesa branch for the day, I know I'll stop by In-N-Out Burger to sate my loins.

The young man who took my order at 10 last Sunday night was nice and wanted to talk football because I was wearing a Colts shirt which was nice....friendlier than most...ordered double cheese burger combo....I thiink it was #2 of 3 choices ...could have ordered something from secret menu but just wanted something basic at that time of night...if it wasn't the greasiest burger I've ever had I can't remember when I've eaten anything greasier....not as good as Steak and Shake or Fatburger.

Greatest burgers in the world!!
Not expensive either.
I could eat eat here everyday!

I stopped eating hamburger meat a little over a year ago.
I really miss cheeseburgers.
Q: What's a girl to do??
A: Go to In-N-Out, and order a 'grilled cheese, animal style'.
I just found out that you can basically get a cheeseburger without the beef patty.
It comes with lettuce and tomato,(in my version, they held the lettuce) 2 slices o' cheese, grilled onions, slathered in their awesome sauce.
Yay!
It really tastes like the cheeseburgers I remember.
If that sounds good to you, you can order 'animal style' fries, they come loaded with cheese, onions and the sauce.
Freakin' delicious.

The double combo was very tasty and inexpensive (less than #7).
The people at the counter all had smiles on their faces and seemed to be very glad to work at In-N-Out; they apparently get very good training.
Nice end to a long day.

It's the best of the fast food hamburgers.
I'm not crazy about their fries they're never done enough and I always forget to order them well done.
For the food, I'd only give them 3 stars but they earn the extra star on customer service.
The last 2 times I've gone through the drive-thru they have a real person taking orders.
I love this!
So much better than talking into a speaker.
I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm craving a quick burger.

Fresh  food good prices.
Meat is small, but you can go 6x6.
Secret menu for regulars.

Thank you for an awesome quick meal In-N-Out Burger!
I used to eat here all the time in college, but now it is just an occasional "treat", need to watch the waistline.
Last night there was no food in the house, I got home from work late and I was too tired to go shopping.
In-N-Out Burger Saves the Day!
The usual long line of cars were in the drive thru, but the line moves fast.
We pulled up, placed our order, 3 minutes later I am eating the best burger I have had in a LONG time:) Ahhhh my tummy was happy!
I don't like their fries, so I just got a cheese burger and a rootbeer.
That was all I needed to satisfy my temporary starvation.
My other half had the Double Double and 3 orders of fries (he like the fries, to each their own).
Cynthia served us and she was too cute and very nice:) I'll be back in another couple of months!
See you then!

Delicious as always!

One of the better burgers I have had from a fast food place.
The veggies are always fresh and I love the "special sauce" aka thousand island.
Just an all around good burger.
Their fries are also great too.
Made fresh and perfectly seasoned.
The only thing I wish is that their burger patties were a little thicker...

I grew up in La Verne, CA...home of In-n-out #3.
I love in-n-out.
However, i give this location a 4/5 because they hardly ever get my order down as I speak it.
Most in-n-out locations are quick to understand my order...especially the originals out in CA.
I love the food and the staff is great.
I just wish they could get my order right without me having to repeat myself a couple of times.

All I have to say is ...... 25 min in the drive-thru.
Ummm there were only 3 cars in front of me......?

This was my first experience at In and Out.
I love that you can order your burger protein style (in lettuce rather than a bun).
I thought it was very tasty.

It doesn't get any better unless you go to a gastropub and get a burger.
This place truly does cook what the customer wants.
The secret menu has some creative and amazing eats.
Well done fries are my latest favorite.

I don't understand the appeal of this place.
Fries were bland, the patty on my burger was the size of a small McDonald's hamburger, and incredibly, for being so thin, it was bright pink in the middle!
Do they use the grill just to heat it up?
Because it certainly wasn't cooked.
I'll stick with Five Guys.

I admit it -- I had high expectations going to In-N-Out for the first time.
I heard great things about their burgers, and I was hoping to get blown away.
I was not.
Now on the plus side, I love watching whole potatoes get smashed through the french fry press.
That alone was worth the price of the meal.
In fact, I'd love to get one of those for my house.
But the burgers?
Not so much.
I ordered the double-double, and it was OK, but not really unique or outstanding in any way I could taste.
For my money, a Big Mac is not something I can easily replicate at home (unlike the double-double), and the Burger King Whopper just tastes better.
But that's just my two cents.
I didn't hate it, but I certainly can live without it.

Can't go wrong with this place, I have been eating at In-N-Out since I lived in Cali.
16 years ago.
and this is still my Favorite burger Joint.also make sure you get your burger  "Animal style"

I always enjoy my visits to In-N-Out, usually get the cheese burger w/grilled onions, fries and drink... can't go wrong

What can you say...."Perfect"

Dear In-and-Out,    Your spread is delicious.
Your "hidden" menu makes me feel slick when I order a 3x3 animal style.
Your fries are.. okay.
Your shakes are milky dreams flowing forth into my gullet to wash down that delicious mustard-fried patty I jammed into my facehole.
BUT, you'll my heart belongs to another.. another 5 in fact (wink wink).
So I guess this daliance will have to remain just that.
An affair for a short time.
Maybe we can share numbers?
You can B-ext me pics of your various stages of lettuce, pickles, and buns, knowing all the well I'll be back in your neck of the woods some day...
But for now, We'lll always have Phoenix.. Good bye...

I LOVE in n out burger, but this particular location kind of lacks.
I order a double double, mustard grilled, no onions with chopped chillies.
My burger came with onions and without chopped chillies.
Also mine and my girlfriends buns were stale.

Hard to believe this was my first time EVER at In n out.
I'm not a huge burger guy, I usually order the chicken at fast food places.
Right after I walked in, I knew there was something special about this burger place...
The menu board was simple and focused... kinda like Five Guys.
I ordered the single cheeseburger animal style with fries.
OMG!
With my first bite, I was in heaven!
The perfectly toasted buns to the grilled onions and secret sauce, I had to slow down to make sure I enjoyed every bite!
I washed it down with some strawberry lemonade!
I cant wait to come back here more often and try other secret menu items!
Think I'll try animal style fries and mustard grilled burgers, or maybe hot peppers added.
The possibilities are endless!

Keep doing what you guys do best, thanks for the great service and quality of food.

Superb!
In the words of Samuel L. "That is a tasty burger.
"  I dined in at this location.
My burger was perfect - warm bun, crisp veggies, and perfectly cooked beef.
My fries were piping hot when I got them and everything was done in a reasonable amount of time despite the restaurant being slammed.
Next time in the area, I will be back!

Went to Fiesta Mall yesterday and there's a huge In n Out there.
Customer service was awesome but then again all In n Outs are like that.
The cheeseburgers taste better here or maybe because I was really craving it.
BEST BURGERS EVER!
If you haven't tried this place yet, you're missing out!

For fast food I've gotta say this would be my first choice.

_________nom_____nom______nom______yessssss_________  1st of All  In-N-Out is the best burger ever not just on the west coast but on EARTH!
You just can't forget the TASTE, these will call your name from your burger loving subconscious, saying "NOM ME", so taste is 5 Stars, ten even, no, A MEEEEELLION!
These PRICES are better than any fast food place for the quality of food your getting here, for example: The Buns have been Made just for  In-N-Out by Puritan Bakery, which has supplied these buns for In-N-Out Burger since the late 1950s, using only high quality all natural ingredients, They don't have preservatives and are used when fresh, just like everything else at  In-N-Out.
This has got to be why it doesn't smell like a fat sweaty trucker (ahem MacDonalds) when you walk in the door, it actually smells like delicious appetizing food!
So price and Quality are Tops.
The SERVICE is always atypically friendly, Its like they hire former Disney Characters, Im pretty sure they are like glowing sparkle Fairys or perhaps some other form of semi- Magical people.
You just don't get 'tude here, ever.
EVER.
So staff is excellent.
CLEANLINESS is one of my hang ups, I can spot a speck of ketchup on a wall at 50 yards, or a dust fragment from space, But at this particular  In-N-Out Location, I know they have seriously high scrutiny for cleanliness.
My last visit was just yesterday and they had a supervisor literally giving the wallpaper the ol' White Glove treatment, scouring the place for any specks of dirt, lifting up the fake plants and looking under the bins of salt & pepper packages, even searching the window shades for any sign of dirt.
The folks behind the counter had White, clean aprons on and the whole place just gleamed with cleanliness.
LOVE.
In-N-Out will you marry me?

Who can hate a delicious In-N-Out.
Anything less than 5 stars would be insane.
My favorite meal is a 4x4 with peppers inside, fries well done and a vanilla shake.
Extra spread to go with burger and you have perfection!

It is In-N-Out, how can it get less than 5 stars?!?

The first time I ate at In-N-Out was when the chain first popped up in the Phoenix area.
I wasn't too impressed.
I had a plain cheeseburger, and it seemed like just your typical fast food burger.
This was before I knew about the now not-so-secret menu.
I went in again to try their burgers again, this time ordering a cheeseburger- animal style, with a Neapolitan shake.
The burger had a soft bun to go with the grilled burger meat, melted cheese, crisp lettuce and fresh tomatoes.
Animal style is the way to go, because of the extra depth of flavor from the mustard-grilled burger, extra pickles, and chopped caramelized onions.
The extra thousand-island type sauce helps too.
Compared to other fast food chains, you get a really good value for your meal here.
The extra ingredients for "animal style" don't cost any extra, and the burger meat tastes way better than something similar for the same price elsewhere.
The veggies were very fresh, as opposed to the wilted veggies you find in some places from burgers sitting out on heat lamps for who knows how long.
The neopolitan shake was pretty tasty.
It's another "secret menu" item, and while I've never had a chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla shake all in one, this will not be my last!
I wasn't too impressed with the fries, despite being freshly cut and fried.
They tasted a bit dry and crumbly.
Service was very friendly, and the cashier even gave me a cup for water while we waited the few minutes it would take for our meal to be made.
Once we were done, another staff member came by to clear our table.
Very nice service for a fast food place!

I am a huge In-N-Out fan and eat here regularly.
All ingredients are fresh, never frozen, which comes through in the quality of the product.
Often called "fast food", INO rises above the rest.
Associates are always friendly and eager to help customers with anything they may need.
I'll recommend INO to anyone, even vegetarians!
INO has a delicious grilled cheese that comes with everything that comes on a burger (except the meat!).
If you havent yet, give it a shot!

My favorite In-N-Out location by far!!
The associates are extremely friendly and my cheeseburger always turns out correct and extremely delicious.

Want a hot steamy fries and a great cheap burger come here!
In n Out won't disappoint.
Loved this place ever since I was little when we could only get it on vacation in Cali.
Thanks for bringing it to the desert!

This place gets it!!
Where are you going to get a double double awesome burger and a nice sized strawberry shake for 5.50 !!!
The combo meal with fries is 6.75..... Cheaper than McD's !!
Great value to say the least.
Rock on in and out!
Lol.....head over to 5 GUYS and pay almost 30.00 for two people to eat!
WRONG!!
My burger and fries at black angus was13.00 last week!!
Geez!
Go try fatburger and pay 10-15 per person !
crazy!

good  burgers

Fast, friendly, delicious, and affordable!
I LOVE IN-N-OUT!

So fast food restaurants aren't a big deal to me much anymore.
I mean, it's not the 90s.
I try to skip out on those as much as I can (well unless it's late night and that's all that's available, except the diners).
I did do a review for Wendys not too long ago and mostly gave it a 5 star because of the improvements.
So this is my 3rd fast food review.
You know sometimes we get a craving for a cheeseburger (even if it's overpriced).
So for myself, my go to places for fast food is probably this or Wendys.
So anyways, with this being probably around my 10th time coming here, I recently got the 4x4 (for the 2nd time).
The burgers really do never disappoint (for the price anyways)  It's a solid, tasty burger.
If you are really hungry, I don't think a double will cut it though.
They are just a tad bit small.
Maybe it's because I eat too much and been spoiled by other restaurants, but eating a double combo, I'm usually still hungry or hungry again 2-3 hours later.
If you are misreading the review, I'm not really bashing the prices.
Pretty moderate compared to other places  Overall, one of the better fast food chains and so far haven't disappointed

