When I was living in Edinburgh, we frequented Medina.
So much so that we chose it as the location for my friend Sarah's 21st birthday party.
Now, being American, this was kind of a big deal for Sarah and myself, but not much so for anyone else.
That's okay.
So the night before the party, we pulled an all nighter after meeting some Scottish lads who charmed us back to their place and played guitar for us all night.
They also snuck us into a bakery for 4 am meat pies, and no, that is not sexual innuendo.
So on the day of Sarah's birthday, we went to the hardware store to buy a pan to make her a birthday cake.
There were these little tiny plungers there and I made a comment about using them anally not realizing the little tiny old man who owned the shop was standing behind me horrified.
We bought our cake pan and ran away to Sarah's flat.
Now, this is where things get sketchy.
I drank 3/4 of a bottle of wine and blacked out the next several hours of my life.
Yes, I am a cheap date.
There is photographic proof that I ate straight icing that we made and I got it all over my face.
I spilled a pint on my crotch and it looked like I pissed myself.
This is when it gets relevant.
We went to Club Medina and I proceeded to pass out on one of the big comfy couches.
My friends took pictures of me with my mouth gaping open, possible drooling occuring.
Everyone put their coats on top of me.
My next memory is walking down the street and Sarah falling in the gutter and exclaiming "It smells like fresh rubbish"  Anyway, to get back on topic, this place had decent drinks and awesome music.
Great place to dance or just chill out on plush furniture.
Cute hipstery guys.
You really can't go wrong.

On the odd occasion that I attend Medina for a bit of night time galavanting, I totally feel like I'm back in my old student union, fighting for suitable dance floor space, struggling to get a drink at the bar, and queuing for what can seem like a year to get inside in the first place.
But there was a reason I went crawling back to the union sheepishly week after week, despite the fact my feet used to stick to the floor, and the vodka they served up used to induce hangovers that give my head panic pains at the mere memory of their awfulness.
Similar to my experiences of nights out at the union, Medina promises a good bout of down to earth fun, cheesey dancing, and no nonsense drinks prices.
There is some cushioned seating around the dance floor if you want to chill and avoid the grooving crush, but where's the fun in that?

Hidden alcoves, a plethora of cushions and afghans strewn everywhere and some occasionally decent alternative hip hop, funk and soul nights to wash it all down with result in Medina being an A-ok club.
Notice not anything special though.
The proximity to the University of Edinburgh student union means it quickly fills and the tiny layout of the place doesn't aid congestion.
Plus weekends tend to be crap here for some reason.
Cheap drinks and an average entry fee seem ok though.

Out of all the theme nights held in the different Edinburgh clubs, Medina's have sounded the most interesting and exotic, so I'm a little disappointed I've only been once!
From African, to Indian and Middle Eastern themed nights, this place has really amazing events going on all year round.
I eventually made it over there for a fundraiser event, and wasn't disappointed!
I do have to say the club can be rented out, as it was that night, so everything, from the bar to the music and activities,  was provided by the hosts rather than Medina itself.
From the decor, it's easy to imagine all these exotic events taking place here, as it's quite dark and cosy, and filled with  colourful cushions and seating areas.
If you want a little more privacy there're a few intimate booths to the other side of the club.
I had a great time, and I'd really love to go back and see what Medina's like on one of those other nights!

I've only been to Medina a handful of times, but it's always a good night.
It's quite similar to the Bongo Club, in that they're always hosting one-off nights or charity fundraisers, often organised by students.
It's nice to have a change from the usual George Street nights on offer every once in a while.
I love how this place is decorated.
the wall s are all painted like a huge big sunset, with sillouettes of black palm trees and mountains set against it.
This, combined with all the booths and nooks and crannies almost makes you feel like you're on holiday somewhere considerably warmer than Edinburgh.
Although the drinks are definitely not on the premium or uparket side, they're really cheap.
And as entry is usually free, Medina's a great place for a night out when you're watching the pennies.

I've been to Medina a few times in my first and second years of uni and, although it's never offered the best of nights, it's a pretty good club with a good atmosphere.
It's always doing charity fundraising events which attract a large and friendly crowd.
The entry fees are never extortionate at only about £3 per person.
Similarly, the drinks are well priced and you definitely won't feel out of pocket after a good night in here.
It's not a large club, but there's plenty of seating which is good for relaxing on with a drink and some friends.
The dancefloor isn't enormous either, but the music is usually decent (in a cheesy way) and everyone seems up for having a good time.
Not the most lively club which Edinburgh has to offer, but certainly not the worst.

This is a popular venue for charity nights or University society nights so it can be hit or miss in terms of the music and how busy it will be.
However, it's a good venue and I always have a good night here.
There are lots a little cubby holes full of cushions so you can hide away from the dance floor and just have a drink and a chat.
There is a dance floor big enough to strut your stuff if that's you thing or there are comfy seats around the dance floor if youd' rather watch other people strut their stuff.
So something for everyone!

Medina is a good wee club to visit if you want all your drinks for £2.00 and you enjoy a night of standing and dancing, which isn't a bad way to spend your night.
There are a few seats around the dance floor, and a few booths behind the DJ bit.
The floor area is not huge, but IS cosy.
There are about five or six staff behind the bar, and once you dodge your way through all the people on the dance floor, service was really quite good.
The DJ was called 'Nasty P' but is actually quite a nice guy.
He played lots of Hip Hop, R&B and Rap music but there were lots of other classic tracks from a wide variety of artists, like AC/DC, Dusty Springfield, Gorillaz and Jackie Wilson.
Like most clubs in the 'student' area of Edinburgh, there were no signs of any loutish behaviour.
Everyone seemed to be out for a fun night and there wasn't a noticeable bouncer presence.
I'd visit this place again.
The only criticism I had, the whole night, was when a member of staff was collecting empty glasses in, she knocked over a full can of beer and it poured all over the stage area.
It was quite a big puddle.
I thought I was being helpful by pointing it out to the girl that spilled it, but she just said that the rest of the floor would be wet soon, ( I suppose the dancers DID all have their drinks in their hands ), but, it probably would have been a good idea to mop it up a bit.
Later on a guy slipped and landed with his back on the ridge of the stage.
He quickly got up and incorporated it into his dance moves to pretend that he meant it.

