To the owners: Time to close up shop, sit in the corner of a cold, dark room and curse the day you ever thought it was a really super awesome idea to open a shortbus version of Chipotle.

I disagree with the other reviewer.
This place is MUCH better than Chipotle or Qdoba.
Fresh ingredients, attentive staff, and a clean dining area.
Far more choices too than the other, more well known franchises.
Check it out.
You won't be disappointed.

It's not bad.
It is also hit and miss.
Tonight,  the food was not very warm and the chicken was dry.
Last time I was there it was better.
For what it cost, it was filling and not horrible.
That said, pancheros on the west side is better.
They make fresh tortillas.
The tortilla I had tonight was warned up, but still a little stiff.
I think they could do better.
Even just rotating the good they have on hand would help.
If it's a slow nigh, having a whole line up of ingredients sitting sort of sucks.
Better than subway next door.

Good, but not great.
Sometimes the food tastes fresh - sometimes i doesn't.
Good space and friendly people.

This is another one of those places where it is what it is.
Don't come in thinking it's the be-all, end-all and you'll be fine.
It's basically like Qdoba or Chipotle.
There's nothing overly special about it, but nothing wrong with it either.
I got a chicken burrito.
It was really good.
I liked it.
It was overloaded with toppings.
I can't hate.
Was it beyond expectations?
No.
But it was solid and I didn't feel like I overpaid.
I'll go back in the near future.
Oh, and try the Boylan's Root Beer.
It was unique and good, if you like root beers.

I llike this place.
I've heard it called the Subway version of Mexican food, which is pretty true.
You get in line and order your basic item (burrito, tacos, other things) then customize it as you sidestep down the counter.
One thing to remember: you get a lot of food.
Last time I got a burrito and ate the whole thing and regretted it.
Not because it wasn't good, but because I was like a python that had eaten a wildebeest.
The food isn't fancy, but I don't think it's any worse than Pedro's, and for a lot less money.
Also, you can drink beer!
I love a fast-food place where I can booze it up.
The people who work there tend to be a mellow bunch, which I also like.

Similar to Chipotle or Pancheros.
I'm sure devotees of those two places can tell the difference if they ate here, but I can't.
Overall, it was good food that filled me up at a reasonable price.
Definitely good for a quick lunch or dinner.
A good substitute for Chipotle or similar if you're in Sun Prairie.

