Jon is very skilled in deep tissue, clinical trigger point, medical massage, PNF, stretching and corporate chair massage.
I always get a great combination of deep with trigger point and stretching and feel amazing and slightly euphoric afterwards.
It really gets the blood going and loosens up the body.
I sleep like a rock after a massage with Jon.
I always go to him because I like having my  little "away" place to relax and focus on my massage but, HE WILL COME TO YOU!
Jon is just a gem.
He takes great care of me and goes out of his way to make my massage a wonderful  experience.
Very professional.
I would recommend Jon to anyone.
Kim F. in Phoenix

I have been getting my body work from Jon at Intuitive Touch Massage for two years now and feel like I have finally found "that guy"......you know, the one you have been trying to find at the massage franchises that never seems to exist or doesn't stay long if you do.
He is reliable, educated in his field, GOOD at what he does, and he is just an all around sweet natured person.
I would suggest trying a small business owner that CARES about what he puts out there and in return you can feel good about your dollars staying in AZ and helping out "the guy" who keeps overhead low...Call Intuitive Touch Massage and tell him Kim sent you!

I finally found the best massage therapist.
Jon has helped my feel better especially with my bad back...
I will continue to see him as long as he is available.

Jon was amazing, I do not have enough words to describe the amazing massage experience I had with Jon.
This was by far the best massage experience I have ever had, and I will be returning.
Jon is professional, does fantastic work, is personable, and has amazing prices that are worth every penny and then some!
I will always support local business until the very end, and that's why I found Jon on Yelp and went to him.
I will making another appointment in the next few weeks, I've never been so refreshed.
If you ever need a massage in the East Valley call Jon!
He also travels!
Spread the word, support local, and give Jon a call!

Recently moved to Az.
I was looking for a new therapist.
I have had several massages.
I have to say Jon's hands are just what his business name says.....intuitive touch.... Would highly recommend you trying him out!
He's very professional.
easy to find.
Jon has a great approach towards his work.
He definitely knows his business!
His techniques are great.
Customizing to your personal needs.
Will definitely return on a regular basis!

A Million 'THANKS' to Jon!
Realized I needed a massage this morning and called a bit after 8 a.m, my call was returned before 8:30 and Jon was able to get me in by Noon.
Needless to say I was already impressed by the wonderful customer service.
Jon will travel to you so you can enjoy a massage in the comfort of your home or he has a very centrally located and easy to find home-studio.
I went to him and his home and studio are so calming from the moment you walk in.
THE BEST MASSAGE I HAVE EVERY RECEIVED and I will only be choosing Intuitive Touch from now on!
The deep tissue massage cleared up aches I hadn't even noticed I had and he focused heavily on areas that I felt needed lots of attention.
I am feeling 110% now!
Jon is a true professional and clearly loves what he does!
Seems extremely reliable and very educated about so many different aspects of the body.
Very reasonable pricing and discounts for students and veterans.
I will be making another appointment soon!

Jon is amazing!!!
My sister and I was visiting from out of state and Jon showed up with one of the best massages I've had in my life!!
And I have had a lot of them!
He was very professional, informative, on time, and amazing!!!
I wanted to bottle him up and take him home with me back to Denver.
I highly recommend Jon!

Jon is amazing!
Highly recommend him to anyone looking for a relaxing and affordable massage.
He is very friendly and professional and is clearly passionate about what he does.

