FANTASTIC food, atmosphere, wine, staff, everything.
Very psyched to find a fine dining restaurant in my hood that is pretty affordable.
You can get two course dinner for ten pounds from monday to thursday, there is a pre-theatre menu, a two or three course lunch menu and the regular dinner menu is amazing.
We had the scallops starter and the black pudding/haggis starter-  fabulous, both of them, with beautiful presentation.
For entrees we had the halibut/scallop/languistine with a fantastic lobsters butter and the rack of lamb- PERFECTLY cooked, followed by sticky toffee pudding and a beautiful mix of fruit.
The restaurant has beautiful artwork, an run by a husband and wife.
i hugely recommend it to both locals and visitors.
a rare find.

WARNING: Dont be fooled if, when walking into Hewat's, you think you have wandered into the worlds smallest restaurant - there are plenty more seats around the corner, you just cant see them.That said however, try and book for Hewat's, as it is a very good restaurant, and does fill up quickly.
Warning aside, Hewat's restaurant is an exceptional place for a meal, hidden in the Newingtona area of Edinburgh.
The decor is minimalistic creams and dark woods, and the staff, with the exception of one waitress who looked very annoyed with her customers, are lovely people.
However, it is of course the food that draws the customers, and it really is exceptional - a blend of scottish and french classics that really are something special.
Hewat's is a slightly more expensive dining experience, however, they do offer an excellent deal of 'Dine for a Tenner', which is extraordinary and still high quality food.

An excellent restaurant.
It doesn't really seem like anything special from the outside and yet it was a very special surprise.
I was taken here by our supervisor and we were greeted by very friendly staff.
You can tell it's a family run business who try and put their best into this place.
It's interior is deceiving, you walk into a cute waiting area whilst the dining area is round the corner, with dark wood decoration and minimalistic decoration without being pretentious.
I had the steak option which was tasty and make sure you keep some space for the desserts- tasty and so pretty you hesitate momentarily to destroy them but they are truly delicious!
I was taken aback when I found out the 19 year old son made these delicious gems- I wish I had that talent!
They have this great lunch and dinner deal on at the moment.
Would definitely come here again.

This place really is amazing!
It's a decent sized, stylish and contemporary restaurant in Newington which has friendly service and a great menu.
I went for their two courses for £10 menu which was delicious and incredible value.
I went for the cullen skink starter followed by the beef stroganoff with rice.
They both seemed to take no time to arrive, despite the how busy the restaurant was, and were served in good, filling portions.
Their other menus are a bit more expensive (by about £5), but they have a great range of fresh and locally sourced fish and steak to choose from.
Hewat's is a well priced place to hit for a meal, and one which offers plenty of choice, tasty food and good service.

Hewat's used to be one of those places you only went to once in a blue moon, nothing to do with the service,  it's just really expensive.
Then a while back they introduced the Dine for a Tenner menu.
Thank you credit crunch!
I got a flavorful Wild Mushroom and Leek soup to start, which no bowl will ever be a big enough portion.
And for main Beef Stroganoff with Pilaff Rice.
Yes, you read that right, Beef and Rice, but it tastes wonderful.
Getting a seat in here is tricky, book in advance!

The Man is a Yelp convert and as such, when realising that we'd not booked a restaurant for our 2 year anniversary, he immediately went to Yelp to find a good place in Newington.
He made a couple of calls and finally discovered Hewatts, which had space for us at 8:30.
We were greeted by lovely staff who took our coats and led to our table.
We were in some kind of annex/private party area which was admittedly not quite as nicely decked out as the rest of the restaurant, but was certainly fine for us.
We were immediately told what was not available off the wine list, and got down to trying to choose from the very tasty sounding menu.
Our chosen bottle of wine had a proper cork in it and we had a bit of a giggle with the bartender who was sent over to open it, as the waitresses apparently often do, as they don't feel comfortable with a cork screw.
I liked that - sure this place has a fancy menu, but the staff are real and nice and not putting on airs.
I chose the haggis risotto with pan fried black pudding which was really really tasty, and the perfect portion size.
The Man had cullin skink which he thoroughly enjoyed.
This leads me to question the "French" branding on this place as it seems to be more modern Scottish than French ...   For our mains, The Man had Boar which was fantastic, and I had a wild mushroom and brie tartlett.
Admittedly, I found the pastry of the tartlett very heavy and ended up leaving most of it on my plate.
However, the overall dining experience was lovely and I look forward to another special occasion so we can return.

Having never heard of Hewat's, I was sceptical at first, then I took a look at the menu and two things emerged: It was more Scottish than I expected and more expensive!
The average starter was about £6 and £16 for a main.
The steak was sitting at a pretty £26.
This is not overly expensive for Edinburgh, so it's not something I'm complaining about.
On this note - during the week they do a 'Dine for £10' deal - which is something not to miss - this food for £10 is a fantastic deal!
The were very friendly and attentive when we arrived, taking our coats and offering us drinks while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive.
For a starter I had the Cullen Skink with mussels which was very good.
My OH had the black pudding & haggis risotto, which I was lucky enough to get a picture of before he inhaled it!
He loved every bite of it.
For the main meal I had a seafood mix, pea risotto & the OH had the Boar.
Yes, boar!
It seemed to be a favourite as several of the group we were with enjoyed it.
My only quirk is I find it difficult to peel king prawns in a nice restaurant without using my fingers.
The food is a strange fusion of Scottish and something I can't quite place my finger on.
Even the desserts seemed to be fusions of other deserts.
Dessert - where do I begin.
One coupe had the taster platter, and the OH had the sticky toffee pudding - which looked and tasted amazing.
I would have had the same if I had any room left in my stomach for more food!
During desert, the chef came by the table and offered everyone a complimentary glass of a white port and talked us through it, which was very nice.
Overall they took care of us, the food was delicious & I would definitely go back - probably to try the desert alone!

Went to Hewat's while visiting Edinburgh on a tip from our B&B.
Arrived 20 minutes after it opened on a Wednesday night, so we were the first table of the evening and were promised that we would get the host's "undivided attention.
"  Not so much, but more on that later.
Hubs and I took advantage of the 2 courses for a Tenner since the menu wasn't that much shorter than the regular one.
I ordered the mushroom soup and roast pork while Jeremy went for the smoked fish cake and salmon/prawn dish with crab and pea risotto.
All of the meals were tasty, although the fish cake was by far our favorite.
Nothing mind-blowing, but satisfying.
Desserts were the highlight of the meal.
The sticky toffee pudding was rich and sumptuous, to the point that we were struggling to finish it although we desperately wanted to!
The lemon tart had a nice crisp bruleed top and had the perfect balance of tart and sweet.
They also had multiple scotch choices at prices that amazed these two Americans, so I think if I lived in the area I would come here for drinks and desserts more than the dinner.
Despite the tasty food we were disappointed by the service.
We were told that since we were one of only three occupied tables that we could expect lots of attention, but the whole experience took about two hours.
Food came out hot, so perhaps it was the time it took to prepare it, but no one checked on us while we were eating.
It also took about 10 minutes to get the bill after we requested it, and another 10 for them to take it to the register.
Perhaps it was customary to walk the bill to the register, but we were told this so I can't say.
Nothing was terribly wrong, we just felt a little neglected.
Overall we were glad to have tried this place.
It was a nice beginning to our holiday here, and would most likely be back if we didn't live thousands of miles away!

A group of us visiting Edinburgh for the Rock and Roll half marathon visited Hewat's on our first evening in the city.
What a wonderful experience.
The staff welcomed us when we arrived, took our coats and seated us promptly.
Our dinner was delicious.
Everyone enjoyed their food.
I had the beet and goat cheese salad as a starter, and wild boar for the main dish.
The boar was juicy and flavorful.
A companion of mine, who is usually rather particular about beets, thought the salad was extraordinarily good.
He also described his duck breast entree as tasting the way duck should taste.
The other people in our group loved their seafood, saying the salmon, sea bass, and prawns tasted fresh caught, and were the best they ever had.
For dessert, I had a great sticky toffee pudding.
Another companion had the creme brulee and enjoyed that.
Overall, Hewat's had a comfortable atmosphere, a friendly and attentive staff, and fantastic food.
The next chance we get to visit this lovely country, we will be back to Hewat's.

We thoroughly enjoyed dining at Hewat's.
The food was first rate Scottish cuisine and the staff was very nice.
Don't be fooled by the exterior.
This is a first rate place.

WHEN I FIRST punched 'Hewat's Restaurant, Edinburgh' into Google my mouth watered at the number of rather appetising dishes the menu had to offer.
I thought to myself... 'This looks like my sort of food'.
The restaurant opened in Edinburgh in 2004 and is run by husband and wife team Richard and Margaret Hewat.
Chef Richard boasts a formidable CV indeed; positions as head chef at RBS world headquarters and Fisher's in Leith giving him notable pedigree.
With Margaret's wealth of front of house experience, the couple work closely to maintain the reputation of this well-established business.
The warm, rich dining room had a lovely atmosphere to it indeed.
Each table immaculately laid and complemented by the glow from the tasteful chandeliers and contemporary art work which adorned the spotlessly clean dining room.
For starter I opted for Cullen skink with mussels (£6).
I do enjoy sampling the different variations of this classic dish from chefs around the land I must say.
The mussels were plump and perfectly cooked, as I'd expect from a chef who once headed a team (at Fisher's) that won the coveted Egon Ronay award for Seafood Restaurant of The Year.
It did take me a few mouthfuls to get into the dish as I felt it lacked a good whack of seasoning, but it did grow on me as the flavours from the smoked fish met with the creaminess of the soup to start the meal off on the right foot.
It was also great to see a restaurant make its own bread; something I feel sadly lacks in eateries these days.
Sarah had warm duck and shallot tarte tatin with plum, port and balsamic dressing (£6.50).
This was a great idea for a dish but although the duck was tender and pink, the pastry was a little under done and the shallots needed a bit more caramelisation.
The sauce was very pleasant and harmonised the dish.
The dining room started to fill up as we came to the main event but that, to the staff's credit, did not alter the quality of the service as my roast tenderloin of wild boar, braised pork belly, apple compote, crackling and pulled pork and black pudding mash with savoy cabbage and chorizo (£16) was served up.
At first glance, I thought there were a lot of elements to this dish, all of which I like, but wasn't sure if it perhaps had too much going on.
I dived into the boar first, which was well executed and seasoned and complemented by the rich gravy.
Pork belly is one of my favourite cuts of meat and I like to see it done justice.
The actual meat itself dissolved on my tongue but I would have like to have seen the skin crisped up rather than left flabby.
I didn't feel the stick of crackling that was offered really gave anything to the dish bar an aesthetic aspect and it wasn't particularly great crackling, as some parts were just too hard to bite through.
That in mind, I must give a special mention to the pulled pork and black pudding mash with the savoy cabbage as they were just a total triumph and worked in perfect harmony with the apple.
The chorizo just added that little hint of spice that lifted the dish up a notch.
If only the skin on the belly had been seared for a minute or two, this would have been a knockout plate of food.
For main, Sarah had roast rump of new season lamb with redcurrant and rosemary jus, champ potatoes, red cabbage and ratatouille (£17).
The lamb came presented in a rustic-style and was perfectly cooked; pink and tender while the red cabbage offered a great flavour and maintained a slight bite.
Every vegetable component of the ratatouille was perfectly cooked and identifiable through a rich tomato sauce with the seasoning bang on the money.
A minor criticism would be the sprinkling of spices that seemed to come on every plate; it's just a tad outdated.
We admired the wine Margaret had recommended as we pondered our dessert course.
Wild strawberry crème brulee with shortbread (£5.95) caught my eye while Sarah went for the classic sticky toffee pudding (also £5.95).
The brulee passed the acid test when I cracked the crisp top with my spoon to reveal a subtle and rather pleasant flavour of sesaonal strawberry.
The shortbread was buttery and with suitable snap, while the berry compote cut through the creaminess without being too sharp.
Sarah's sticky toffee pudding was light with a silky, smooth butterscotch sauce as you'd expect.
The vanilla ice cream was lovely and added a cold contrast to the pudding.
Both were a great way to end the meal.
I suppose at the end of any meal you ask yourself 'would I go back?
' and I certainly will be back.
The level of cooking demonstrated by Richard and the quality of service leave me looking forward to discovering more of delights that got me so excited when I first laid eyes upon the menu at Hewat's.

This is a fabulous restaurant--our best meal in Scotland, maybe in the entire UK.
Low key, attractive, comfortable restaurant serving traditional Scottish food with a modern flair.
Extremely reasonable--midweek dinner menu was three courses for something like £22.50.
I had black pudding and haggis risotto--absolutely delicious--followed by salmon served with a sea vegetable called "samphire," which I had never tasted.
Unusual and super good.
My wife had a Mediterranean vegetable dish to start and a more traditional risotto (leek and onion?
) for her main.
All excellent.
Sticky pudding for dessert was exceptional.
Attentive, friendly service.
Very pretty restaurant.
A great find.

