We stopped by Mekong Plaza yesterday to shop at the market and eat at Boca 7 (which is very good).
In the back of the mall, in the nearly empty food court, is a brand new Filipino-Hawaiian place called Wholly Grill.
Since we had already eaten we bought some items to-go to try for dinner.
Considering we ate the food hours later and microwaved it, everything was good.
What made it exceptional was the amount of food we got for the price.
Also, the lady running it is from Cebu, and the style of cooking there differs from the Manila style most Phoenix Filipino restaurants employ (this according to my wife who was born in Manila but spent her adult life in Cebu).
I hope this place will thrive.
Its great to have an inexpensive Filipino place in town that can cook Cebuano dishes!

I was down in Arizona for a dental seminar.
After a long day,, My friends and I decided to hit the mall(Mekong Plaza), Luckily, We ran into a newly opened Filipino/Hawaiian Resto.
This place is a "MUST" try.
The food was EXCELLENT, YUMMY and the servings were HUGE!!!!
But most of all "GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE"  I can only wish we have something like this kind of "Mom and Pop" resto in northern cali.
We had a great experience and I "HIGHLY" recommend it.
I promise you will keep coming back for more.
:-)

As a Filipino in Phoenix it's hard to find Filipino restaurants in Phoenix especially Tagalog Filipino cooking.
Most Filipinos in Phoenix are illocano or Visayan and there really isn't alot of Filipino restaurants to try so when my mom and I saw a banner outside of Mekong Plaza of a Filipino grill that just opened, I made sure that the next time I found myself at Mekong I'd stop and try it out.
Anywho, Wholly Grill is owned by a Cebuana, and they specialize in grilling hence the name.
There are usually two things I'll try out at a Filipino restaurant and that is their barbeque and the house special.
In this case it was the pork barbeque and the Liempo (grilled pork belly).
Chona the owner was pulling out all the stops to get people to try out her place hence the 4 stars coz she was giving out samples.
The barbeque was not sweet which was good and not too saucy!
I think that's what people are not big fans of and that's sugar sweet filipino food.
The Liempo was not fatty nor salty and with the 2 scoops of rice and the macaroni salad (pinoy style with the raisins) along with two pork bbq sticks for around $10 it wasn't a bad deal.
I just wish she had sago or Halo-Halo.
But it's not bad, and if I need a Filipino fix I'll stop by at Wholly Grill!
you should too!

Wholly Grill gives me yet another reason to make Mesa, and particularly the Mekong Plaza area, a favored gastronomic destination.
Located in the north wing of the Mekong Plaza complex, a block away from the Mesa terminus of the light rail, Wholly Grill offers savory, satisfying  grilled and non-grilled Filipino dishes as well as juices and smoothies.
Pork belly has become a craze in many restaurants recently, but the liempo (slices of pork belly marinated in citrus and soy, then grilled) in this place is a traditional Filipino dish and, after trying it in this Grill, has become one of my new favorite dishes.
Make sure you order the grilled eggplant salad in lime-ginger dressing as a side - it accompanies the liempo perfectly.
In addition to grilled and skewered chicken, pork, beef, and shrimp, you can also get specials such as nilaga (beef and veggies in broth), pancit (noodles), dinuguan and other Filipino specialties; just ask what the day's special is.
1-item plates with rice and a side cost between $5.95 and $7.50, and a 2-item combo is $8.50.
And don't forget to finish your meal with the saging turon (fried banana roll, one buck); it's especially good when you add ice cream (for an additional buck).

After having read the reviews, I knew we had to give this place a try.
The husband and I had dinner here and are already planning on eating at the Wholly Grill regularly.
The service was superb.
The owner was very friendly and made sure we tried a sample of the house specials.
She was very attentive and made sure we were taken care of.
We had the BBQ chicken and the Liempo (BBQ pork belly) and both were excellent.
Our dishes took a few minutes as they don't cook the meal until you order it, but it was worth the wait.
We added an order of lumpai shanghai (at three pieces for $1, who can turn that down?
) and the lumpai was also very good and very fresh.
We had the Cassava cake for dessert and it was a great ending to a delicious meal.
They are now offering longsilog and tosilog for breakfast too.
Prices are reasonable and portions are big.
Definitely try this place out - you will love it!

My picky children aged 7 and 11 loved the food.
The youngest had the BBQ beef and gave it two thumbs up.
My oldest said the eggrolls were the best he has ever had.
He also had a great flan for dessert.
Prices are very reasonable and the service is very friendly.
This is in the mall with the Mekong supermarket so you can enjoy a great meal with your shopping trip.
I had the bbq beef with the eggplant side (excellent).
Even the macaroni salad is a cut above anything I've had before -- not too heavy like most.
My wife had the pork skewers with the papaya salad side -- it was a perfect accompaniment to the grilled pork.
We shared a strawberry banana shake, which thankfully was not too sweet.
It is a very rare occasion when everyone in the family likes a restaurant, but this one fit the bill.

This place is wonderful!
Great portions, great prices, great service, great food.
Defintiely plan on going back again and again!
Fortunately, we live close by.
Be sure to try the fried banana rolls with ice cream for dessert.
It's heaven!
My husband and I tried the pork belly and bbq pork.
Both excellent!

This place is so good.
The owners Ivan and Chona were very personable and the samples were wonderful, we ended up getting a good selection of BBQ Chicken, BBQ Pork Belly, and Shrimp and Beef Skewers.
We also had the banana rolls with ice cream,   Go in the side door and not the main door, unless you love the smell of fish.
The smell is not coming from Wholly Grill, but it is in the market.

I read the reviews.
I had a craving for Flip food...so I dragged poor unsuspecting hubby along.
It's located inside the mall around the corner from the nail polish store.
*swoons* Nail polish AND Flip food?
Momma's come home.
Too bad that nail polish is more expensive than that food!
Anyway, I was slightly put off by it not being a restaurant, but I got over it once I had that pork adobo goodness in my mouth...and all that RICE!
The BBQ chicken.
O.M.G.
TO DIE FOR!
Their lumpia shanghai was good and 3 for $1 - I can easily see people totes forking out mega money to get that full feeling!
I met Chona and she was a total sweetheart.
Note to self: add her on FB.
:)  I really enjoyed the cassava cake and atchara.
I can't wait to bring mommy here when we're in AZ.

My brother-in-law suggested this place to me after he stumbled upon it shopping in the Mekong Plaza.
He told me about plates they served and how delicious it was.
we were both in the general area so i suggested we go and eat there...he didn't hesitate...  Finding this place may be a tad bit difficult because its not your typical store front location.
Follow the signs or ask around and you'll be fine.
Its located inside a plaza and is similar to the mall food court eating type experience (if anyone else is there.
lots of seats.
it was pretty empty but it was a tuesday afternoon) so just be ready for that.
Wholly Plate #7 Two-Item BBQ Combo (except tuna) is what i ordered.
Meat: Skewered BBQ Pork & Liempo (pork belly-"house special") Side: Macaroni (standard).
Rice Included.
*ordered a side of atchara (perfect combo with the BBQ) and of course extra scoop of rice.
All of it was soooo good...thats all i really gotta say about that...with my nieces so dessert is unavoidable so we got a couple orders of turon w/scoop of ice cream ($1.00 each item)...delicious...  On a side note i couldn't help but acknowledge the owner for running to the store to get bananas for the turon as they just ran out.
they didnt have to do that but to see my nieces devour it is always worth the wait...or course be patient as the meat is made to order...did i mention its worth the wait?

4/7/10  Wanted to try this place back in March when Mom and I spotted an ad mentioning Filipino food in the plaza, but we'd already eaten pho, so had to wait until the next shopping opportunity brought us to this area again.
Met the very warm and friendly owners-- we really do wish them great success!
Since it was almost closing time, the food items in the buffet, and there weren't many to choose from, didn't look interesting, so we decided to try the pork skewers (the recipe of which the husband and wife team were very proud of), as well as the liempo (pork belly) serving that called out to Mom.
A combo plate of these two items also came with rice and achara (pickled papaya and carrots).
I also ordered one piece of saba at langka [saba bananas (or in this case, plantains) and jackfruit, wrapped in lumpia wrapper and deep-fried].
The wait for our food took longer than I expected, but it wasn't too much of an issue since Mom took awhile to do the groceries.
The wait, however, was worth it!
I really enjoyed the pork barbecue skewers- the flavors really took me back to my childhood in the Philippines, when street food, already a daily ritual for us then (and just now gaining popularity stateside) had us sampling BBQ, fried fishballs (and the many different sauces to dip them in!
), steamed rolled rice and tuber pancakes, ripe and sour mangoes (the latter eaten with bagoong (very tiny salted shrimp) or vinegar and garlic, and "dirty" ice cream, to name a few from food carts that were to be seen all over Metro Manila and around colleges (grammar schools) and universities ("colleges" here).
Writing about those pork skewers actually make me want to stop at Mekong Plaza now, instead of going for Italian or French food I was considering earlier!
The liempo, on the other hand, I could've gone without; I remember thinking that we should've just ordered a double of the BBQ!
The skewers were just more flavorful than the pork belly pieces.
While Mom enjoyed the liempo, she did agree that the BBQ was were the money was at, and the owners really did have something to be proud of!
Let's not forget the dessert!
On second thought, maybe we should.
First, I didn't care for the presentation.
Take a gander at the photos, and you'll see what I mean.
Second, it wasn't very sweet.
Not even sweet enough.
See that pool of caramel sauce the turon rested on?
I did not leave a single drop on the plate!
Not because it was so delicious, but because the roll really needed the added punch.
Mom already knew it wasn't going to be anything to write home about, just by looking at the offering, but did wait till I took a couple of bites before saying "I should've just bought the ingredients at Mekong and made you those at home!
"  My sentiments exactly, Mommy dearest!
Oh, but the pork BBQ!
Run and try some now!

I went to Wholly Grill last month based on the Yelp reviews.
I've been to the Philippines a couple of times and have eaten all the native dishes.
I had two barbeque pork skewers with the rice, carrots and brocoli.
I normally don't like to review a place after one visit, but realistically, I don't find myself too excited to go back and give them another try.
The BBQ was meh.
The yellowing brocoli and carrots were heavily drenched in pepper, not very appetizing.

I have one word for you, son.
Porkbellies.
Specifically, GRILLED Porkbellies.
With a side of rice, a side of pickled eggplant, a side of macaroni salad, and a side of cucumbers.
It doesn't get much better than this.
(crunch, crunch, crunch)

I've only been here a few times, and each time, the food has been really good.
It's a nice change-up from the other Filipino restaurants in AZ.
I usually order the grilled pork belly, grilled beef, rice and the eggplant condiment they have.
They cooked the grilled items when you order them, so it's a bit of a wait, but it's worth it.

Great little place.
I ordered the grilled pork and Chris D. got the pork belly.
They were both delish.
I think I liked the belly best.
They lady behind the counter was very helpful in explaining things (our first time with Filipino food).
She also gave us some watermelon to go with our lunch.
As we were leaving I asked about the special pork they had that day.
She gave us a taste and it was melt in your mouth good.
We actually had leftovers, I made pork fried rice with the next day.
Thank you for the outstanding customer service.

Wholly Grill is no longer alone in the Mekong Plaza food court, as the other eateries finally opened during the Moon Festival.
But the food is just as delicious as before and the service just as friendly.
I had an overpowering craving for pancit palabok today and made the trek to Mesa to try Wholly Grill's version of it.
It was wonderfully authentic: rice noodles generously bathed in a thick savory annatto-hued shrimp sauce, with tender shrimp, crunchy bits of crushed chicharon (pork rinds) and flakes of tinapa (smoked fish) -- Filipino comfort food like no other!
Of course I had to pair it with gulaman at sago, a popular Filipino cold drink sweetened with panocha brown sugar and with cubes of gulaman (flavored agar) and tapioca balls.
The meal reminded me of the scene in the Disney movie Ratatouille, where the food critic took a bite of the food and was immediately transported to his mother's table when he was a child, eating her delicious cooking.
That was pretty much like my experience today.

We met Chona who is the owner of the restaurant.
The food brings back memories back to Angeles City where we have an abundance of grill joints that sell grilled pork bellies and chicken.
Her special sauce makes her grilled food really tasty.

The food is okay and cold.
They forgot my Oder =( I had to wait at least 20 minutes to get served.
It was mind boggling because the girl in the behind the counter didn't noticed that my food wasn't serve yet and she is the one who took my money and I paid for my food.
She had a very passive look and overall I am disappointed with the service and food.
The staff needs to revamp their customer service and communication skills.
That's why I had to give Wholly Grill one star.
I would not eat there again.

I tried this place out for the first time today and must say it was the best experience I've ever had eating Filipino food in Arizona.
Not only is the food spectacular (I had the Lechon plate), but the people are as friendly as ever!
I'd been waiting to find a place in the metro Phoenix valley that serves tasty Filipino food with integrity and a positive attitude.
I am happy to say that I have found it.
Pinakamasarap na pagkain sa valley for sure!

I was in the area and starving for lunch so I popped in and tried their chicken adobo and lumpia and both were good and the adobo was very filling.
Finally I have found another Filipino place I can eat at again since my old fav closed.

Fast and friendly service, with hearty filling dishes.
Now to be honest, I am not an expert on Filipino cuisine, so all I can say is what my taste buds tell me, but the lumpia was very good, perfectly crispy on the outside, with flavorful meat on the inside.
The chicken adobo was also good, and reminiscent of soy sauce marinated chicken that my mom used to make.
They serve lechon on certain days, and I would definitely like to try some of that when I am in the mood for slow roasted pork!

Only tried the adobo, but I loved it!

Excellent Filipino BBQ at this place.
I was visiting Phoenix for work and needed to satisfy my Pinoy craving and this place hit the spot.
I'm not sure what the owner's name was, but she made sure I was taken care.
The liempo here is one of the best I've ever had so make sure to order that.
The place is located in a shopping plaza so keep that in mind when you're looking for it.

First the Mekong food court has a charm all its own.
Enjoy it, embrace it.
We knew from prior reviews that Wholly Grill's claim to fame was the pork belly.
We tried the pork belly, tilapia and shrimp skewers all of which were very good as were portions and value.
The plates were topped off with plenty of rice and a side dish, which for both of us were steamed veg.
Pork belly would elsewhere be more expensive, and the tilapia was expertly foil wrapped and grilled with a fragrant and tasty ginger/onion/tomato mix.
All in all, much better than you'd expect from a food court meal.

I would actually go for 2 1/2 stars...The Lechon (special on Saturdays) tasted like it was premade.
The "crispy" part of the pork belly was almost gooey.
The meat itself tasted good, although better with some Kikkoman shoyu.
The pancit was good, but heavy on the vegetables.
The gem was the shanghai lumpias.
For $2.00, you get 5 mini (half) lumpias, that are GREAT!
They give you a sweet and sour sauce on the side, which I don't think goes well with it.
Being a true Filipino, I like my lumpia with a vinegar sauce.
If you ask the cashier, for a vinegar sauce, they have a white vinegar, with some onions in it.
It was ok, better then then the sweet and sour...Overall, a descent find...

Yes I'm a fan!
I rarely get to eat Filipino staple foods such as monggo (mung beans) with pork.
I loved it.
We went there for lunch with two other fellows and a Mexican friend - she liked the pork liempo.
I finished my generous-portion plate of pork chop, rice and monggo.
Also recommending egg roll (lumpia shanghai).
I have also tried their ready-to-eat dried fish (called jeprox).
What I did not like is the eggplant salad, kinda too cold and not seasoned.
Overall experience was great, can't wait to have another lunch sometime at Wholly Grill

Came here with a Filipino friend.
Ordered the Lechon (pork), blood stew, and the pancit guisado.
I love them!!!
i love the Lechon especially, crispy skin and juicy meat.
Overall, very good filipino food!

This was my first time there, I was looking for a quick to go place for lunch and I figure that since it was in a food court, it would be fast- but no I waited longer than I wanted and there was only one person in front of me.
I ordered the bbq steak over rice, the food was good, the portion was ok.
It was my first time having Filipino food and the cashier did try her best to explain their dishes to me.
I just think this place would be better as a sit down resturant, not inside a food court.
I also though that $11, was pretty pricey for a quick lunch.

Great

Back to the roots is what I say.
NOTHING will beat moms cooking but this place is definately a soul soothing gem hidden in the Mekong plaza.
Charming food and friendly places but its definately something for the adventurous palate if you'd not accustomed to the cuisine of the Phillippines.
Try the Bangus (marinated fish dish) served ith rice and Eggplant.
Exotic, tasty and stays in the box.
If you're looking for more americanized anything in the BBQ region but if you'd like to get a taste of real Filipino food the Sinagang with the fish sauce is AMAZING!

Food is just OK, service is very slow and menu items are limited.
There is actually not much real Filipino food on the menu.
Centers around grilled items (chicken, beef, etc.
) that has obviously been cooked before hand and reheated.
I wouldn't eat here again unless it was the only restaurant in Mekong Plaza that was open and I was VERY hungry.

The restaurants in the Mekong Plaza are all worth at least one try.
The Wholly Grill is one that is worth a second, third and fourth try.
We needed something good and cheap for dinner, and are all about supporting local businesses when we can, so we meandered over to the Plaza to see what the food court had to offer.
We opted for Wholly Grill and were not disappointed!
I got the grilled pork belly and my partner went for the pork skewers.
I couldn't tell you which one I liked more.
The skewers were tender and juicy, and my partner loved the eggplant salad she got with it.
They reminded me of the awesome street food you find in that part of the world.
My pork belly was crispy on the outside, and the perfect texture on the inside.
If not cooked right, pork belly can be chewy, rubbery or like trying to gnaw on a piece of fat.
This was not like that at all.
I was full and kept eating.
Every time I thought I was done, I saw another piece of meat on my plate and had to have it.
The staff was super friendly.
When asked what she recommended, she giggled and said the pork belly, like she wasn't expecting a ginger, white girl to go with her suggestion.
There are a few more things on the menu I'd like to try, if I can get around ordering something other than the pork belly.
Which I'm already craving again.

Since the first time we tried the Liempo and the lechon, we were hooked!
We are from Las Vegas and every time we come to Arizona, we have to go and eat at Wholly Grill.
The pork liempo and their lechon (on Saturdays and Sundays) are awesome!
On the 22nd, we took our entire family here to have lunch before we shop for our ingredients at Mekong market.
Everybody loved what they ordered.
My brother in law loves their chicken adobo, my husband super loved their chicken bbq and my niece loves the dinuguan that she ordered.
The rest of the family ordered the liempo like me.
We also loved Ate Chona, she owns the place and cooks everything.
She is one sweet lady that takes pride on her cooking.
We have ordered party trays here and have never been disappointed.
Their food takes a little longer to come out because she cooks them fresh.
You cannot rush perfection -- this is coming from a person that loves to cook and takes pride on the food that I make as well.
Last Monday, we ordered a tray of Lechon Kawali (it would have been lechon but Ate Chona did not have fresh pork belly anymore) for our Noche Buena.
Another top notch dish from Wholly Grill.
It was totally delish!!
The tray went too quick and was disappointed that I wouldn't have any left over for the lechon paksiw.
I always recommend Wholly Grill to all my friends who wants to visit Arizona.
A must try place if you are craving or wants to try good Filipino dish ... you won't be sorry!
We totally love this place!
I wish we have a place in Vegas that is comparable to this.

Tried the celebrated pork belly.
Tasty, especially with the dipping sauce, not bad at all, but imho not nearly as good as the roast pig next door in the Mekong Palace.
The accompanying vegetable, broccoli, was way undercooked, almost raw.
Some of the other dishes that I saw  - shrimp with noodles and rice - looked interesting.
2 1/2 rounded up to 3.

I happened to go on a day of a Filipino Festival in the mall.
Long lines of customers at Wholly Grill, most of whom were speaking Tagalog.
So this place seems pretty authentic.
The grilled skewers were fine.
I was particularly hungry that afternoon.
The service was chaotic, but I think it was due to the festival.
Food was coming out slowly and there wasn't any order to the line once I ordered.
Others received food ahead of me.
I'm sure they'll be more consistent on non-festival days.
The festival was fun to watch.

Located in the food court at MeKong Plaza, this is a great place for authentic and very tasty Filipino food.
We ordered the BBQ chicken plate and the bangus (fried whitefish) as well as the palabok that we ate within the food court.
Absolutely fantastic!
We live in Prescott Valley and there isn't a decent Asian restaurant within 50 miles.
It was a real treat to eat Filipino food again and this restaurant won't disappoint!
Atmosphere isn't that great, but the people who work there are terrific and the food is wonderful.
We got the dinuguan to go and it was also terrific.

This is the coolest little place!
Yummy lumpia, great prices, reminds me of the Porter Square Asian Food Court in Boston... Who could argue?

Cowabunga Dudes:  This place ROCKS.
Had the pork skewers - best damn fillipino food this side of Manila.
Will definitly go back.
Can't wait to try the chicken.
Rock On,  Moi.

This place is so cool.
Food is made to order, so it's nice and fresh.
The menu was pretty large and I was disappointed that I couldn't try any of the meat dishes (oh, Lenten Fridays!).
I mean, the pork belly looked PHENOM.
I decided to order the grilled mahi-mahi.
Any of the entrees come with rice and one side, so I chose the eggplant salad.
(It was either that or the papaya salad.
That's an awesome option to have, right?
)    I was starving when I got there, so even though I probably only had to wait for 15 minutes, I felt like I was waiting for an eternity!
The mahi-mahi had a nice garlicy flavor to it, so when you combined it with the white rice + vinegar/soy sauce, it was too good.
The eggplant salad was different than anything I've ever had and it added a nice saltiness to the dish.
Another Filipino food win!

If you didn't know they were here, you might miss them.
They are in the Mekong Plaza, but are not visible from the outside.
You have to go through the first set of doors that take you to the market, then go down the hallway at the north end.
Back in there is a food court, and Wholly Grill is there.
This place specializes in Filipino food.
There aren't a lot of Filipino places in Phoenix, and even fewer on the east side.
Of the ones I've tried this was as good as any of them, and had bigger portions.
One huge complaint I have with many of them is the microscopic portions (that often include bone and fat).
Here the portion was reasonable.
They have a decent variety of dishes here.
The ones we tried were very tasty.
Not as good as my wife makes (by a long shot), but tasty.
The ladies behind the counter were friendly.
I wouldn't journey here just to have dinner.
But if we're at Mekong (or nearby) and feel like some food I definitely can see returning.

Every now and then I decide to hit Mekong Plaza for the hell of it (Mostly the market to try new things).
I knew there was plenty of restaurants in the plaza, but haven't been in any of them.
So, anyways we seen this place on Yelp before in the past, but haven't decided to try it at that time.
So the other day, my friend and I, after checking out Guitar Center, drove over here to check out this restaurant.
Ok, first of all, it is part of there food court, so its not really a sit-down restaurant.
It looks smaller compared to the other eateries in the food court, but the menu looks impressive.
When we both go to a new place, for some reason we usually get the same foods, nothing fancy, but things that look tasty and that we know we would enjoy.
So we both got the BBQ Combo plate with the rice and Macaroni Salad (always a favorite side dish).
We sat down at the table right in front of the restaurant, in case they couldn't find us.
First thing I noticed was the flys, because someone did seem to slack at cleaning the tables (dont know who is responsible for that).
We were the only ones who ordered and waited probably 6 minutes before anyone else ordered, so we knew they were probably working on our food.
Finally about 20 minutes after we did order the food came out (heard they make food after you order so no big deal).
The beef looked and tasted great (don't know anything about Filipino BBQ beef so it tasted fine to me).
They gave a great amount of rice, and just a little sample cup sized of macaroni salad (tasted great, wish it could of been more).
For a decent price, it wasn't too bad at all.
There is plenty of places to check out there, even Asian Cafe Express (down the street) is excellent on its own.
I recommend trying this place and even the other restaurants there as well.

It has been a while since I've dined at this place.
It used to be okay, but now seem to have slid down the scale a little bit.
First, the Kare-Kare lacked meat and looked like it was sitting in a warmer for several hours as the meat was somewhat soggy.
Same with the Adobo.
The grilled Liempo was pretty good, so was the lumpia.
Service was a bit slow compared to most asian eateries.
As for the Halo-Halo desert, not only did it not have much ingredients to it, but they added mango.
In case they forgot Halo-Halo should never have Mango bits to it.
The milk and acidic fruit just don't blend well.
To top it off, there were too many flies in the food court.
Overall, not a pleasant experience, and definitely not going back in the near future.

I will come back every Saturday and Sunday every once in awhile just to get the lechon not the lechon kawale because my mom makes hers a lot better along with our Turon that has my sisters and my favorite included: langka.
Which we found out that theirs does not include it,just sweet banana which was really good it's just kind of a bummer when you know the Turon that we make obviously has it.
I felt bad for my mom since she thought the guy standing in the front could speak any dialect from the Philippines to find out he's from Hawaii, so none of the things she was saying to him in Tagalog went right over his head.
Anyways back to food!
Pancit palabok-C- Lechon kawale-C Lechon-A++++

We got the Adobo.
Was okay but my pork was full of little bones and hardly any meat.
I bit on my first bite and a sharp bone stabbed my gum.
It was painful.
I don't think I'll ever get it again.

Having the Lechon Plate...Cebu Style slow roasted pork with crispy skin.. two skeweeed BBQ pork...and of course.
Having a Halo- Halo..

Ordered the Lechon plate with the sweet cucumber.
I was kinda sad...my rice was warmer than the entree.
And the flavor was not as bold as I imagined it would have been.
Also had the pork skewer....amazing flavor I must say!
Next time im gonna order the BBQ Beef Plate.
The halo-halo was delicious as always.
Im gonna come as often as I can so I can start knockin down everything on the menu...one by one.

