Good Mexican place Super nachos are good.
I have great memories of coming here at 3am schwasted and if you asked me then I would have given it 5 stars.

After a day of snowboarding at Devil's Head Wisconsin, we stopped by Madison, WI to look for a place to eat, before heading back to Chicago.
My friend suggested La Bamba.
OMG order the Super Nachos the chips they use is so good.
It has a different taste and crunch.
Warning, you must have friends to help you eat this.
They give quite a lot.
I also tried a soft shell taco.
The shell made everything taste so good.
I wish they had a place in the burbs.

Ok, so La Bamba is a chain and it may not be a 100% representation of what you'd find in the Barrio or from a food cart vendor in Mexico City - fine.
We get it; none of us are as worthy as the handful of ethnic (particularly Mexican and Thai) food snobs (with big chips on their shoulders) that lurk Yelp....  Now that we've got that out of the way - La Bamba is a great "go to option" for when my burrito demons rear their ugly heads.
Why?
The stuff is fresh.
There are no freezers anywhere.
I've watched them make their hot sauce from scratch - they take dried peppers, smoked chile peppers, water and a touch of oil, toss it into a huge VitaMix mixer and puree it.
Handful by handful.
Nothing from a can.
My favorite item?
The Super steak burrito, no cheese, no beans, add hot sauce.
Yum.
I could eat 2-3 of them at a time, no lie.
The steak is always flavorful and tender, with nary a sign of gristle, excess fat, or any other nasties.
Service is always helpful, fast, and friendly to boot.
Tip those guys - they do a great job!
The only thing I've ever been less than impressed with are the nacho chips... they seem to always be a touch on the stale side.
Otherwise, La Bamba is a definite WIN.
Food = 4 stars Service = 4 stars Value = 3.5 stars MISC = 2 stars (inside isn't anything great)

Authentic mexicans, I love the burritos, and they are willing to customize them.
I get the super sized beef with no lettuce, added avocado, jalapeno and sour creme.
I would give it 5 stars, but sometimes it hasn't always agreed w me.
I think the lettuce was to blame, so I ask them to leave it out.

Having just moved to Madison from Los Angeles, CA, I have been fiending for some legit tacos.
I just tried La Bambas Tacos Al Pastor, and while they aren't what you'll get at a taco truck in East L.A., they are pretty darn good.
My friends and I consider ourselves Taco Aficionados, and I will say that the 5 tacos and large horchata has me full and thoroughly satisfied.
Definitely a must-try for some pretty-darn-close-to-110% authentic tacos.

My coworker Rick has been telling me how great this place is for a very long time, I finally decide to try it the week I leave .. WTF was I thinking ... Why didn't I listen to him earlier ... OMG I love their hole in wall style mexican food ...
Being from LA it brought back to east LA, it was very authentic ...
They had tortas which I wanted to get but I decided to go with the burrito ..
It was delish!!!
They grill it, and their salsa is La Bamba ....

As the (seemingly) only restaurant open on the East Side after 9-10p; LaBamba's has become something of a staple for me, which is cool, since they have good cheap ($.99 beef tacos on Tue/Sat), fresh  authentic (for Madison, WI...) food made how I like it.
The Staff are very friendly, they now know me by face since I've been stopping there so often.
There's no drive thru, but the service is good enough that I've never been in/out in more than 5min.
They have a pretty large menu, all of it made to order for you.
As of this posting I've not been able to confirm the burrito/head claim as per the motto, will update if I'm able.
The cons: The size of the tacos is relatively small (think street-food snack-handheld... or just buy one, you'll see), so get like 3.
The access to this location is via the EW service road, which though 'paved' is one of the worst roads easily I've seen, even by madtown standards.
So expect 30s of bumpy ride & testing your car's suspension sys.
Its not the place's fault, in fact their lot is nice and well-maintaned; just thought id give a heads up.
My personal recommendations are the tacos al pastor w/ cilantro, onions, and a cup of their horchatta, which isn't over-rich like I've had at some places.
Also they stay open late (THANK YOU, at least one place gets it, lets start a movement here people!
), nice variety of Jarritos bottles if you want something other than the fountain, They'll include hot sauce & limes if you want & the staff are great at helping if you're trying to learn some Spanish.
Look for coupons sometimes in the monthly savings mailers.
But if your by east towne and quiznos or KFC is closed and need something quick, cheap, and yum, stop by LaBambas.

Tasty steak and chicken burritos.
Get it with avocado!

Dear God,  Thank you for letting La Bamba be a thing.
I don't know how many times I've needed a super burrito with steak to kill a nasty post football game or Dells hangover.
Thank you for allowing the staff to be kind enough not to judge my friends and I today for being so sunburned we couldn't move.
Thank you for letting them serve the best hot sauce on earth.
Thank you for somehow rigging things so I had to stay at the shitty Best Western across the street for a week while working in Madison.
I don't hold the 10 pounds I gained eating here every night against you.
Good luck with heaven and stuff,                                      Kyle K  P.S.
If you are as cool as Billy Graham says you are you'll let a La Bamba open in Milwaukee.
If you do I just might stop making the spaghetti monster joke about you.

Im writing this one for the unhappy reviewer who stopped while on a road trip, just to clarify the La Bamba experience for any other Yelpers.
La Bamba is a college town restaurant, famous for serving burritos to drunk college students when the drunk parade starts after the bars close.
La Bamba burritos as big as your head are well loved and well remembered by many Big 10 students.
The Madison location used to be just off State Street, but moved out to the burbs some years ago.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is very cold and cafeteria style; get your food, eat and get on your way.
I would not go here for a sit down Mexican meal.
Most folks go for one thing - the burritos.
My personal fave is the mini combo con todo!
Including that famous hot sauce.
It's been sixteen years since I graduated college, but every time we drive by East Wash we have to jump off 94 to get a La Bamba.
You crave them, wolf them down, and then think, meh.
It's alright.
(Not as good as at 3:00 a.m. after many many cheap tap beers).
The tacos are good as well, and they do have pastor.
I even pack a cooler and haul some up to my old college roomie in Mnpls.
Hint:  they taste even better the next day, after refrigeration for a day, and they do freeze well.
So if you want to try this wonderful burrito as big as your head experience, have at it.
If you want a nice Mex-American meal with frozen margaritas, this is not your place.

Two words: Super Burrito.
It may not be as big as your head, but its as big as your late night appetite.
I suggest the steak version without beans.
However, they're very accommodating, so have them throw in some chorizo if you're feeling wiley.

