Well, today's the day I dump on SNMC unfortunately.
As an east-coast transplant I knew nothing about naturopathy, but it has a good reputation out here and I thought since I'm paying for my own health bills I would try it out and see if a Naturopath could help me with a few minor issues.
The first time I went in I found out that my few minor issues were really deeply rooted systemic problems and immediately I was strong-armed into taking a $200 blood test to determine what food products I was allergic to.
This is, of course, above and beyond the visit fees, which were not cheap either.
Well, what do I know, I didn't realize everything revolved around my intestines so okay let's do this test and figure it out.
Apparently I'm allergic to 13 different things, a 'fact' I seriously doubt.
I'm not going to go into everything that took place with Dr. Crinnian and his residents, but suffice it to say I spent more than $600 with these people and neither of my two issues have been resolved.
In addition to that I developed a rash and Crinnian wasn't available the day I called in so I made the first appointment I could get with Dr. Marchese.
She had a better bedside manner than Crinnian BY FAR but prescribed me with something that made the rash worse.
Super!
The next time I saw Crinnian I told him the rash wasn't getting better and I guess he was pissed that I hadn't come in to fit his schedule because it was relayed to me through one of his residents that it wasn't his problem because he didn't diagnose me.
Well, no one at the medical center ever diagnosed me, ever.
I was basically asked to diagnose myself with hours of repeated questioning of my symptoms.
Even when I figured out what this new problem was, and told Dr. Marchese (I dumped Crinnian in a heartbeat and went back to her) that the only thing that has gotten rid of it before was antibiotics, I kid you not, she prescribed me a homeopathic remedy for COLDS WITH RUNNY NOSES.
needless to say, that didn't work.
Taking into account all the supplements they insisted I needed to survive I'm sure I probably spent well more than that $600 in the five months I went there.
All Scottsdale Naturopathic Medical Center wants from you is money, endless streams of money and their doctors don't seem to actually care if they are helping you.

Unreliable.
They don't deliver urgent documents, test results and referrals in a timely manner.
Never before have I seen a doctor's office have to be nagged like these people need to be nagged to get their jobs done.
Unprofessional.
In the face of another doctor's prescription for thyroid or allergy medicine that clearly works, they'll refuse to renew those prescriptions based on their personal belief systems.
Even if such refusal puts the patient at risk.
Shysters.
Over the course of a two year relationship with these people, they will push thousands of dollars of unnecessary herbs and supplements on you.
Do your research carefully before relying on these people to better your health.
There may be some good eggs there, but it appears much of the basket is rotten.

I visited this office today for the 1st time.
I had previously been a patient at the last location they had near the Scottsdale area.
When I made the call for the appt (at 8am), the kind girl in reception was able to accomodate my request for a same-day appt (at 8:30, no less).
That was pretty awesome that they could accomodate my same-day appt request - big plus.
She was also very friendly and prompt.
I walked in on-time and checked in and sat in the waiting area to read.
It was about 20min later when I got called in by their students (this was a student/Dr rotation).
Good thing I wasn't in a rush to get to work because a lot of things just took longer (some advice for those out there).
The 3 students that took in my vitals and medical history were friendly, warm, and seemed to have good bedside manner.
The lead student had the most questions and I thought was very thorough in her 'investigation' of my concern.
When the Dr. came in, I really enjoyed the visit.
She was also very good at explaining things (educated me) and was warm, genuine, and friendly (and attentive, of course).
I really liked her and would definitely see her again.
Overall, they answered all my questions, took a lot of time asking me medically-relevant questions and digging in to my concern.
They seemed eager to help and eager to get to the root of things (which is RARE in most Dr.'s office's, they just want you in and out!).
Everyone was pleasant and friendly and useful (most important!!).
I'm surprised they have 2 previous bad reviews.
This is the 2nd time I've been to this business for care and I never felt cheated or harassed or strong-armed into anything.
If anything, I always ask costs up front so i don't have sticker-shock later.. maybe that's why I don't have issues...  afterall, they are spending more time on you (that's how they get to the root of problems.. .supposedly).

My visit with Dr. Sims, was great!!!
I transferred to her from another Physician that didn't give me the results that I felt I needed.
I chose to go on a student shift where they consult the attending physician after the intake, but I actually saw Dr. Sims each time I came for a visit.
She got right on it to "fix" my situation, without me having to go on a round about way of wasting money and no results.
Based on my experience with Dr. Sims, I have chosen to make her my primary care physician!

An oasis of Natural healing and Alternative Medicine.
Some of the finest Naturopathic Doctors in the country work and teach at this clinic.
I may be a little biased since I currently work here, but prior to that i was also a patient.
I feel what this center offers is so unique and so needed that its importance cannot be understated.
Here patients get to see medically trained alternative medicine practitioners.
That means that the doctors on staff went through rigorous medical training AND training in alternative and natural therapies.... in a nutshell you get the BEST OF BOTH WORLDS.
Moreover the docs on staff here have years of experience treating all kind of conditions from the mundane colds and flus all the way up to the most complex medical conditions like auto-immune disease, cancer, diabetes, etc.
The clinic operates both as a healing center and as a teaching clinic.
you can either be seen on a 'student rotation' where you're seen by students supervised by one of the doctors at a heavily discounted rate, or can pay more and see one of the physicians privately.
Since its a teaching clinic, wait times can sometimes be a little longer, however the quality of care you receive is unparalleled in today's medical system.
Top notch institution, would recommended it to anyone seeking high quality medical care at an affordable price.

The office staff is friendly and very courteous .
The environment is very clean, comfortable, and colors gives off a soothing effect.
Appointments are easy to schedule.
The physicians spend a great amount of time getting to the root of problems instead of the quick fix pill approach, listening and answering questions to help you fully understand your medical condition.
Knowledgeable  physicians making recommendations that are in your best interest is what stands SCNM apart from the rest.
I definitely would and have recommended SCNM to my family and friends.
Keep up the good work SCNM!

Got an appointment exceedingly quickly!
Dr. Volk and staff are great.
Went for a routine checkup and blood draw.
Signed the papers so I could get the info emailed to me and received everything 10 days later.

