The smooth jazz/top 40 mix at a sushi place is weird, rolls were so so but you have to get the "roll in the sand" roll.
Pricing very high/unfriendly service

This place is good...It's clean, spacious and the staff were helpful.
We liked our box lunches, the salad had a different type of dressing-Good!!
They use chicken breast- white meat , woohoo...Gyoza was very tasty (BF loved the gyoza) and you get to pick from a few rolls to be in your bento box which is nice to not have to get "Mr. Usual California Roll"...
They have a sushi roll made especially for the summer that has tempura shrimp, crab, avacado, cucumber and mango...I love mango so for mango to be in my sushi = I knew it had to be good and it sure was... We watched the sushi chef make a few interesting rolls for a couple and in one roll he used a crepe as a substitute for rice and the lady kept raving about it.. We didn't spend alot of money-our lunch was $8.95 each and the summer roll was $8.95 as well.
All in all we liked our experience here and we will return

What an awesome lunch!
My mom took me here to try some fusion sushi.
Having been to various places on the strip, i was happy to get away to attempt something new.
The chef and wait staff were absolutely friendly and super attentive.
We had a ton of food (omakase-style) and each dish was just phenomenal.
The chef even made some house signature dishes as well as some new fusion dishes i have never had.
Overall, 5 stars!!
Will definately visit again when i'm back in Henderson.

We've been coming here for many years.
I take my parents here, or some times my relatives.
Before it has a different name, Wonder Sushi, I think.
Then they renovated it, and changed the name.
But the same people.
Food is great and people/staff are friendly.
Clean and spacious.
Plenty of parking.
Highly recommended.

This place deserves more reviews.
Stopped in for a quick bite to eat and to my surprise food and service were great.
Good Happy Hour!
I love spicy food and very much enjoyed the pink panther roll and the jalapeño popper roll.
Good Eats!

This place has some great online coupons and their happy hour sushi prices are awesome.
Creative rolls, good service.
I've now been twice (once for lunch, once for dinner) and it was good both times.
I've had some bad sushi experiences in las vegas, but this place I will come back to.

I LOVE this place!
It's right down the street from work and my boyfriend and I always go here to get our sushi fix.
We're fans of cut rolls and we have never been disappointed with any of the rolls at Midori.
Unlike most other sushi restaurants, they have a great rice to fish ratio.
They also have an awesome happy hour!
I can't really say much about their other menu items, but with ingredients as fresh and delicious as those I've had, something tells me that you can't go wrong eating here.
With food this delicious and a very attentive staff, Midori keeps us coming back for more!

We were seated and served very quickly.
Service was great, and the food was great too.
My only complaint was the spicy tuna roll wasn't spicy at all.
The salmon nigiri was great and so was our other shrimp tempura roll.

Another WOW evening at our favorite Sushi/Japanese restaurant in Green Valley.
An unassuming shopping center location with fresh, tasty treats.
Excellent sake selection with the option for reasonably priced flights.
From the fried tofu to baked green mussels, yum, yum!!!
Everything priced well.

Kinda impressed overall.
Parking - Strip Mall, no issue.
Hours - 12:00 pm to 9:00 pm, so if for lunch, don't go before noon,  3.
Decor - Very nice.
Plenty of tables and can seat I would think up to seventy people.
Also has nice sushi bar.
Service - Went during the week at 12:30 and there were probably 7 or so different parties.
Not too bad, although my wife ordered a cooked bento meal and I order the Chirashi which is raw sliced fish and it took about 10 minutes after she got her meal that I received mine.
Food - I will have to come back for the sushi, however, this is not an AYCE place, it is more specific to ordering per person something.
They have great lunch specials, something like 10 or so different bento lunches.
Bento Box - I found the to be fine, but with the basics in them and not all the fun authentic nice tasting little things you would find in a true bento  box.
However, for the American Japanese taste, I believe you will find all of it appealing, nicely presented and tasty.
Chirashi - You can tell the quality of the place by the raw fish.
Here, this is a lunch special and it is chef's choice on which raw sliced fish to give you.
I found the selection from Mirugai, to Ika, Maguro and Ebi to name a few quite nice overall.
However, if I am going to have Ebi, I always expect to have the head and stuff deep fried and served and they did not do that here.
Summary - I found the place quite nice overall and would go back.
It did not remind me as "authentic" as I have had at other places or even in key Japanese places, however, still pretty darn good overall.
Check it out.

Usually the word "fusion" does not elicit a positive response from me, but I came here for lunch just to try it and not only was the food awesome and well priced (I had the tonkatsu bento box), but the waiter took my order fast, got my food fast, and refilled my water six times.
I will definitely be coming back here.
Excellent service Midori Sushi!
Keep it up!

Very good rolls... Great service!!!!
Have yet to be disappointed!!!
Check it out!!

I've eaten here a couple times during the off hours after the lunch rush (between 2-4pm) and have enjoyed the food and service.
I hope more people patronize it because it's tucked into a quiet corner of the Smith's shopping center on GV Pkwy and 215 and could use some love!
While I can't comment on service during the lunch and dinner rush, I was please with the attentive, not overbearing service when I ate there.
The waiter (the only one I've ever seen here) is nice and friendly and does everything in a timely manner.
I like the shrimp tempura bento box which I've gotten the last couple of times I ate here.
It's a steal for $10 bucks and very filling!
It comes with miso soup, shrimp tempura, chicken gyoza (I think), a tasty little cucumber salad, a choice of a limited selection of rolls and rice.
It's a power lunch if I ever saw one and again filling!
If you want a quick, no frills lunch in the Henderson area, check Midori out!

They don't open till 12pm - if you have an early lunch time you are out of luck.
Food and service is good though.

Secret tip: Ask for the off menu rolls - chef will accommodate requests if you sit at the bar.

Its a DAMN shame on a saturday night, and this place is flat out empty.
On the other hand, with a group of 12, and half of the group are kids... it was the best dining experience i had in awhile.
Food is SOLID.
Fresh fish and sushi...entrees are very generous... Service was very good....  Really hope they make it...cuz we are going back next year if still around....

The food is good and reasonably priced.
The jalapeno popper appetizer is the best I've ever had.
Its got slot of choices for rolls but  many of them are tempura.
The ambiance is mellow and the service was good.
Its worth checking out.

I have only gotten to-go from here - chirashi for dinner.
It is nice enough but nothing outrageously amazing.
The sushi chef is from China.
The one time Eric R. and I came in for dinner, there was no one in the restaurant.
It was still open for 30 minutes, but the server who came to see who walked in indicated they would rather not take on new guests.
I am not sure why the open sign was on then...I have seen places close early when there are no partrons, but the sign was on so we definitely felt awkward and left...for a horrible styrofoam journey at China Tango.
I don't ever think of this place but if you are craving basic chirashi and are in the neighborhood, take it to go.

I think this restaurant is a bit tucked in, so you could easily miss it.
We tried it for dinner and overall, I enjoyed it here.
We're not big on AYCE sushi.
This place has a variety of rolls, sashimi, and decent selections for my 4 year old son.
We've come here a couple of times, each time there weren't many customers, maybe one table or a couple patrons up at the sushi bar.
The service was just OK.
They didn't try to attempt to be very attentive and more focused on cleaning.
Price was very decent and reasonable.
The food was great quality.
My boyfriend ordered a small dish which included some Kobe beef, which was phenomenal.
I think I ate more of his food than I was welcomed to.
LOL  I'd probably be back.
Maybe to get take-out.

Midori really is as good as it gets.
You'll find no better source of fresh and beautifully prepared sushi...all at a great value.
Every time I try another sushi restaurant I end up thinking that I wish I'd gone to Midori.
Truly great service too.
Highly recommend!

Great service.
Quality of fish is excellent.
Nice ambiance.
The only thing that would've made the experience better is traditional Japanese rather than easy listening piano.
Service is spot on.

It is hard to find but worth looking for.
The food is so good and the prices are very reasonable dare I say "cheap" for the quality of the food.
I am from Hawaii but I will go here everytime I visit Vegas - so far I ate there 3 times in two trips to vegas in the last year.
My brother in law  lives in Vegas so he goes here weekly.
It is near Green Valley Ranch Casino, just cross over the freeway bridge and its on the right inside a small mall with a decent breakfast place nearby (forgot the name).
I don't know where you can get a teishoku dinner for only $10 or kobe teri beef teishoku with shrimp tempura for about $16 includes miso soup rice and salad.
The seafood cucumber salad is also a deal for about $6, without seafood only $3!!

It's odd to say that originally I give this place an OK rating, however, I always seem to find myself coming back because of the convenience.
I just had to change my perspective of this place and actually give them a better rating than before.
The other day, I took my employee out for lunch here.
We didn't have time for a full service sushi lunch, so we decided to get the sushi combination A for about $10.
It's actually a good deal!
You start with some miso soup brought to you.
I enjoy the taste of it and they put a lot of tofu in it, so you're having a great soup overall!
On the plate is 5 different nigiri sushi like shrimp, ahi, hamachi, salmon and more.
You also can choose spicy tuna sushi roll as well.
The overall dish is light and perfect for a light lunch.
The place is small, but very intimate and offers a surprisingly cool vibe.
I enjoy the sushi bar, ample seating and the fake bamboo tree wall, breaking up the monotony of the entire room.
Their bathrooms are clean and the staff is actually very nice.
Overall, it's not the most "authentic" of sushi restaurants, however it still does the trick for me.
I'd probably say that this place is pretty darn good and practical if you're looking for a sushi joint in the Green Valley Area!

Some of the best sushi I have ever had!
I eat sushi at least once a week, and this has to be some of the freshest and tastiest sushi I've ever eaten.
Don't go here to be dazzled by amazing service or awesome atmosphere bc you'll only be disappointed.
However, if you want some of the tastiest food in town then make sure to to find this (well) hidden gem.

I went there with my family on a whim tonight for the first time.
I was craving some sushi and literally went to the first place I found on my Yelp phone app.
Im glad I did as I found a place I see myself going to many more times.
I was shocked a bit by the lack of clientele for a Saturday night but I did not let that stop us and you shouldn't either.
The menu has a good assortment of offerings.
Lots of variety which my daughter liked and combination dinners which I thought were great.
They also have non sushi items which my wife, who hates sushi, enjoyed.
The service was excellent, The food was well presented and tasted good, and I got out of a sushi restaurant with my wallet intact, which is a surprise.
Over all a good experience, I would recommend Midori to anyone.

Midori is the BEST kept secret sushi restaurant I have been to.
I can not remember how many times I have ordered sushi from here.
The place is very relaxing if you want to get away from work or stress.
The ambiance is great and the customer service is the best!
They're never pushy and they're always so helpful and friendly.
Although they do not have AYCE, their sushi is at a reasonable price.
Their Sleepless in Seattle roll is great (Especially if your'e a philadelphia roll fan).
I'm eel/avocado person so one of my favorites is the Kamikaze roll.
The initial-D roll is another favorite of mine (It has mango in it so there's a sweet flavor to it).
If you're looking for a place to chill and relax and eat a roll or two, this is the place to be!

Loved the name and design of their logo so we thought we would try it.
We ordered 4 different rolls and they were unimpressive and the tuna did not taste fresh.

Visited Midori for dinner.
Fish was excellent!
Salmon was melt in your mouth fresh.
They have a very interesting selection of rolls that sets them apart from other sushi restaurants.
There were rolls for sushi lovers, tempura lovers, and baked lovers.
They don't seem to want  to get creative or off menu though.
Staff was extremely friendly.
The place was small but very clean with a nice decor.
There were couples and a family dining as well.
I was a little surprised by the price; it was a bit more than we expected.
We will be back !

This is a great place for fresh sushi, low carb sushi if you desire, however there is no all you can eat here...Why?
Probably because the food they serve here is high quality and good.
I would recommend this place and if you like good tasting, good quality, go visit this place.
Most of the time you can get filled up on two rolls.

Amazing Tuna Poki!
Hawaiian Roll drenched with the best Ponzu ever!
10/10 Agadashi Tofu!
The batter is amazing.

My co-workers love this place.
I'm a little more "mehhh" about it.
Disclaimer:  the only thing I've ever ordered here is the Sashimi Silver lunch special ($13.95).
It comes with several slices of tuna, yellowtail, and salmon sashimi.
You also get a little salad, soup and rice.
It's OKAY.
But, a little smelly.
And not a "wow, super fresh" smell.
Kinda disappointing.
My co-workers always get the bento box lunch specials.
At $9.95, you can get better sushi lunch specials elsewhere.
Positives include attractive decor, convenient parking, and friendly service.
Overall, okay for a work lunch, at most.

This is the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to!
Everything on the menu is excellent, from the great selection of bento boxes, to the extremely high quality selection of sushi rolls and sashimi.
I travel all over the US and Europe and have never found a better sushi spot.
Relaxed and calming atmosphere with friendly service.
Easy to get to if you are staying at Green Valley Ranch Casino.
Absolutely fantastic!

We had dinner there the other night.
It's a cozy little restaurant.
The sushi was good , not the best I've ever had, but it was nice presentation.
I did notice that the bathroom was not well maintained and could use some updating.
I think poorly maintained restrooms tells a lot about a restaurant, because if they don't keep that clean, then they likely don't keep their kitchen which the consumers don't see clean.
With that said, I will probably go back because the service was good and I did enjoy the food.

Just came home from Midori- OMG!!!!!
AWESOME!!!
quiet, relaxed, no owner handing out the check and rushing me out the door.
The lo carb menu, and sashimi was magnificent.
The waitress was wonderful.
Kept our drinks full continuously, very friendly.
Loved this place and now need to spread the word so if you are into a class act place this is it!

Never disappointed when I come here.
Always good sushi, and a nice place to eat!
Like that it's close to home.
Always happy, and full, when I leave here.
Check them out!

My family loves this restaurant!
The staff is very friendly and never far away if you need anything.
I haven't eaten anything here that I didn't love.
Nice, relaxed atmosphere with quiet music in the background.
Fantastic!

I felt bad for this place - my husband and I went on a Tuesday and we were one of three tables in the place.
Must be the location?
Hopefully it's busier for them on the weekends.
No complaints, the sushi was good and fast.
Not much waitress interaction.
I don't remember leaving thinking, "That was incredible!
" but I have no complaints.
Could be a nice best-kept-secret place for you and your friends.

Finally, a delicious, HEALTHY sushi place in the Las Vegas area.
My husband and I have tried closed to 20 sushi restaurants in town and this is our new favorite.
Their sushi is delicious and fresh but their low carb cucumber-wrapped sushi and sashimi is the reason we keep coming back.
The best low carb options are the oisis, 3 musketeers, and lazyboy.
We really enjoyed the tuna sashimi tower.
Service is excellent and the inside is beautiful.
This place is a must for any sushi lover :]

I agree with Aurora's review.
Place is clean and the food is good.
No one here except us.
Waiter is nice.
Can't complain.
Needed to find a place to eat near where we were at.
Feel bad that it was so empty.

Lunch specials are awesome!

We have been coming here for a few years now and we love it!
We go every friday night for our date night.
I always get the same thing.
We go so often that the staff brings over tea and asked if want the usual.
The food is great and you can't beat the prices.
My only recommendation would to be to eat here when your not in a rush.
It's very laid back and they want you to take your time while dinning!

Omg!!
I have been to a good amount of sushi places and their quality is getting worse and worse.
This place has the best quality I have had hands down!
They say the locals don't really like it here, but I am a local and say I would drive from the other side of town every week to eat here.
Good portions great authenticity of their food, and great knowledge from the chef.
Come here!!!

Was driving by and decided to try this place out.
Atmosphere very chill and relaxing and the service was great.
The menu is well organized and had so many options!
Loved the bento box combos, very well  priced.
Everything tasted fresh and delicious.
It lost a star because the chicken was a bit dry, but the salmon was perfectly cooked: I'll be back.

This place is truly a must go to for people in Green Valley area that are a fan of sushi, or eastern cuisine in general.
It's hidden in the corner of a large shopping plaza on the far left, and sadly, when my husband and I went there weren't many people there.
The interior is very nice.
It is serene and extremely relaxed.
The music that they play there is also pleasant.
I take not of that, because most Chinese and Japanese places you go to play not so Chinese and Japanese music (aka top 40's or Disney songs turned into piano..yes, the last one has happened once.
)   If the place is empty, you are allowed to sit anywhere you like and the server comes to you quickly.
They are nice, polite, and ALWAYS on top of your water, but do not hover around you to the point of awkwardness.
The prices are pretty standard when it comes to sushi, and the menu is HUUUGGGGEEE.
At least 6 pages, I think.
They have all sorts of rolls available, and even low carb ones.
I opted for the Dinner B which included teriyaki chicken, rice, tempura, miso soup, 6 rolls (you get to choose from 4-5 kinds) and a salad.
Onward to the food.
Delicious.
Nuff said.
Anywho, as said in my tip, I'm in love with their spicy tuna rolls.
I've been to quite a few sushi joints where they claim to have spice tuna, but that is, indeed, a myth.
This place brings the right amount of heat with their roll and oohh, it's so good!
The presentation of the food is top notch.
It looks so pretty that you kind of feel bad eating it.
This can be said with their sushi as well.
(My husband ordered the Sushi dinner.
) Their teriyaki sauce was sweet and lacked the salty taste that you get at a lot of other placed.
I liked that.
This has been dubbed my new sushi joint in Henderson, and if you are ever in the Green Valley area, I highly recommend it.

Conveniently located next door to my work.
I come here during my lunch break from time to time.
Service is quick and efficient.
Sushi is good.
Lots of lunch specials to choose from.
Nice calm ambience inside.

My husband and i were introduce to Midori by my sister 3 years ago.
Ever since then, we go every Thursday night and sometimes for lunch.
There is a sushi place on the corner of our major streets but we drive across town (from summerlin) just to go to Midori.
The food is not only delicious and fresh but its also consistant.
The service is great and because the waiter knows we are regulars, he brings our waters with lemon and tea to the table as we sit and asks if we'd like the usual.
We always have the best dining experiance and love it!

This place a unreal.
The atmosphere was glorious.
It was so quiet and serene.
The service was perfect, they were so attentive.
I recommend the Ugly Roll.
If seriously tastes like breakfast in your mouth, like bacon and pancakes!!!!
I had the Sashimi which was amazing.
I would totally return!!!
Their menu is great.
I wanted a no carb sushi option with no rice and they have if in the menu.
Definitely returning!!!!!

Service is ungodly slow.
They messed up my sushi order.
Kitchen order came towards the end of the meal.
Appetizer order came at the very end of the meal.
This place is dead on a Friday night, should have no excuse.
I have no idea why the reviews are so good.
If you're in no hurry and want mediocre "sushi" at best with some flavorless calamari for dessert, this is the place for you.
My 2nd star is for refilling my water and bringing the bill out faster than everything else.

What a great find.
Midori was recommended to us as a new lunch spot.
As others have said it is a very calm and serene atmosphere with quiet music.
The bento box lunch specials are fantastic!
They come with salad, miso soup, rice, an entree (tempura and teriyaki salmon are my favorite), and a sushi roll.
They also have a great selection of sushi, sushi lunch specials, special rolls and all of the typical Japanese dinner dishes.
We have always had great service and never a bad meal!

Yeeesss yes and yum.
Beautiful presentation and taste.
Very calm atmosphere inside and clean looking.
Server was kind and professional(even though i got food to go) lol food was great try this if you're looking for good sushi/sashimi in henderson.

