First off, yes, I visit nail salons - and you should too.
What can I say?
My nails grow like a werewolf.
If you are in sales (okay, so I am not) you should get manicures to keep the hands looking good for the clients.
I started getting pedicures because a) my feet were funky and b) those sheet-shredders started digging into neighboring toes when I ran and creating a bloody mess in my socks.
That's attractive!
Now regular visits to the nail salon, and no more bloody toes; no more stinky feet.
Plus I never get tired of pulling out my 14" feet and the techician saying Big hands!
Big feet!
There are only a handful of nail salons in Queen Creek, and Pure Nails is the one I typically visit.
It is in the parking lot next to the Sonic.
The salon offers manicure, pedicures, facials and waxing.
In addition to individual services, they offer packages designed to save a little money.
Tomorrow I have a speed dating event, so I need to be well-groomed.
All of the chairs are the spa massage chairs.
Truthfully, I don't like the chair kneading me all over - so I keep it off.
The pedicure included clipping, cuticle removal, sanding the nails down with the Dremel tool, lotion massage and a little rub down with hot stones with a finishing hot towel treatment.
The standard pedicure is $22 (manicure is $12, but you can save a few bucks with the manicure & pedicure combo for $32).
The technician told me for $5 they offered a callus removal.
In Atlanta they used to have this tool which looked like a cheese grater - and I loved.
Running it across my foot looked like shucking corn, but it left my heels smooth and runner friendly.
Alas, I have not found that tool again.
This callus remover was a pumice stone and a file, but it worked.
This is a tricky part - because my feet are ticklish, so I have to focus and not accidentally kick the technician.
A lady in another chair suggested I go for the sea salt treatment - another $8; however, the technician said that if you order the sea salt treatment it includes the callus removal - so for $8 I got both.
The entire pedicure lasted just over 35 minutes.
Next up was the manicure.
Pretty standard, really: cut, cuticle removal, more Dremel action, lotion massage - but it was good.
Another 20 minutes on the manicure.
In the end, the total was $40 for almost an hour.
The chairs and tubs are clean; the staff is friendly and attentive.
Being a good establishment and one of the few nail salons in Queen Creek, they can fill up quickly on the weekends.
If you can go during non-peak times, the wait isn't long.
If you live in Queen Creek, give this place a try.

GREAT!
I asked them to turn off the TV and they turned on nice music.
Foot and Hand massages were nicer than most.
I'll go back.
Nan

i loved my new nails

I have gone here many times but after my experience today won't return.
I'm in a wedding in 2 weeks and thought I should get my nails done, they had this little old mad do my nails and unfortunately he's not that good.
I have to ask him to re-do them 2x and the more the tried the worse they looked.
No one offered any help to him!
And then I was over charged.
I still gave him a tip for trying but I'm extremely disappointed that this place would allow someone to paint nails that doesn't know how to.
I kept my composure in the store and still gave him a tip for trying but I can't go to a place that won't help there own employees!

Kinda frustrated this last time.
Nails are lifting and she fixed one and said the rest would be fine.
That wasn't the case.
Hopefully next time it will be better.

Very bad service.
I made an appt for 11 am and I had to wait 15 min before they started my nails.
I don't make appts to wait for a service.

I'm giving two stars because the decor is lacking umph!
The people here seem very unfriendly and not very welcoming.
The woman I worked with didn't even seem to want to be there and do my pedicure.
No one greeted me.
If I wasn't in desperate need of a pedicure I wouldn't be here.
I would much rather make the drive to ocotillo and Ellsworth or power and germann to get my nails done.
Nails by Kate is wonderful!
This place however isn't great at all.

