This place is open till 3 and I barely made it in time the other day.
I was hungry for some lunch and tried their roasted Veggie wrap.
They sell Boar's Head by the pound here for all you meat lovers out there.
While the inside of the wrap was a good veggie assortment it did not taste roasted and the tortilla did not seem to be cooked either.
It got super doughy half way through, it was however a ginormous wrap that was piping hot for well over 20 minutes later.
Next time I will come earlier in the day maybe that will be better I still want to try everything else here it was clean and about $6 for the wrap, chips, and a fountain drink.
They also had coffee and a large assortment of tea bags along with a cooler chalk full of red bulls and Pepsi type products.
Bagels & Lox I am so there again!

ok so i am known to have my order messed up.
i swear anytime i order take out its my order out of everybody else's that gets screwed up, but normally i can just call and have it taken care of.
all except for last saturday when the whole salon ordered from new york bagel.
heres how it went: the receptionist had everyone write their orders down and she called them in.
my order: spinach bagel sandwhich with eggs and cheese.
so when the order got there mine was missing.
of course!
the receptionist called before i even got the chance and told them "hey we are missing an order" the lady at the bagel place assured her she wasnt and that it was in with the egg and bacon platter that was ordered.
so when i went back to eat my much looked forward to yummy breakfast sandwhich all i found was a dry toasted spinach bagel, no egg or cheese to be found.
the receptionist then told me she already called about it and that the lady had told her that was mine.
this not ok. so i call her back.
i told her that we had just called about a missing order and that we were still missing that order.
she told me no it was there she had checked it.
i said yes the bagel is but no egg or cheese.
it was supposed to be a sandwhich.
she said no it was just a bagel i said no.
so on and so on.
so i said ok fine then i need to get my money back she said "No you have a bagel there and a egg and cheese ( they had included a side of cream cheese)  put it on the bagel and eat it!
" " are you serious that egg is someone elses food" with that i hung up i was so appalled in how poor the customer service was.
i and the whole salon vow never to prder from there again!!!!

These are some of the best bagels I've ever had and I'm a born and bred M.O.T., so trust me they are great.
Crusty on the outside, nice flavor and sweet and chewy on the inside.
They deli side is pretty good, only had breakfast sandwiches from them.
I get a dozen every few weeks and stick them in the fridge.
A little toasting and they return to their brilliance.
Hard to believe such good bagels exist in vapid NoPhx.
Thought the only stuff up there was giant corps and annoying hairstylists.
Side note:  The people who work there are not native English speakers, so when you whine to them over the phone about your order and complain, they might not totally understand you.
Oy.

Went over here for a late breakfast, and was totally surprised with how delicious my Lox sandwich was.
The bagel was chewy, with a great crust, and an incredible amount of garlic on the bagel.
I could see how someone could get annoyed by the amount of garlic, but garlic is pretty awesome, so take that as you will.
The sandwich was an awesome mix of the classic lox.
Capers, Red Onion, Cream Cheese, Tomato, and delicious smoked salmon.
However, what really set this place apart was that they served the sandwich WARM, which I have never had before.
Part of me wanted to think that it was odd, but my first bite made all of my concerns float away.
It turned the sandwich into an amazing mush of fish, capers, onion, cream cheese, and tomato, and at that point, I was sold.
I'll be coming back, for sure.

I've been here once, because my hours are not quite "bakers hours".. but it was really really good.
The service reminded me of being back home in my small town.
Hubby had turkey on marble rye and I had a bagel sandwich.
Both delicious.
Service was fantastic.
Don't live on this side of town anymore, but this is definitely a gem worth visiting.

Family owned business with some fantastic NY style bagels!
They are the old time hand rolled, boiled then baked bagels.
They are ALWAYS fresh and tasty.
If you don't go you will be doing yourself an injustice....

Great place for breakfast lunch or a snack.
Service 5 stars Bagels 6 stars Clean 5 stars Price 5 stars  That is a 5.25  I get the hot pastrami on sesame seed bagel with swiss and thousand island dressing.
The cheese is melted into the soft interior of the bagel while the hot pastrami and dressing combine to a wonderful flavor, topped by the chewy outer crust of the sesame studded bagel...  wheew  sorry  It comes with a drink and chips for $6.99.

Their bagels are the best around and they are super friendly, however be learly of their meat.
I picked up a turkey sandwhich today and the meat was rancid.

I love hole in the wall places.
This place was so hole in the wall we drove by it twice not realizing it was actually in the industrial park part.
I was craving some bagle and lox and this place was closer than driving to Chompies at Paradise Valley Mall.
Even though they were out of lox (apparently someone had walked in just after they opend and ordered 13) I did get the BLT on aseago with cream cheese.
These are the best bagels I have ever eaten, Hands Down!.
I look forward to going back for some lox!

I work around the corner and have been going here since they have been open.
I have had nearly every sandwich on the menu and every bagel they offer.
They use Boar's Head meat (best of the best) and make their bagels fresh throughout the day.
I am originally from NJ and consider myself a bit of a bagel snob.
I have had no luck around town trying to find a decent bagel.
There is one near my house (back east bagel's) that won New Times best bagel and it is one of the worst I have had.
That shows how weak the bagel gene pool is in this town.
But, NY bagels has a very good bagel and a variety to choose from.
I get a dozen bagels to bring home and freeze to have for bfast on my way in to work.
I am not going to claim they are equal to a NY/NJ bagel, but they are the best I have had in town.
The staff and owners are very friendly as well.
There are very few other locally run places in the area, most are fast food franchises.
I have been going here for quite a while, and will continue to based on the quality of food, their cleanliness, and their friendliness.

This place better every time I go there.
I work just a few blocks away and have been on the hunt for smaller independent eateries.
I ate here the first time and they were out of bagels so I got a sandwich on regular bread, which was alright, but I'm glad I gave it a second chance.
The bagels are the best I've had, better than Chompies even.
They use all boars head meats and other fresh ingredients.
For lunch $7 (after tax!
) buys you a sandwich, chips and a drink.
Down side, polystyrene drink cups.
Also the building makes it not overly obvious that it's a restaurant.

I've come to this place several times and it never once has disappointed me.
Yum!
Need a heart attack anytime soon anybody?
Yeah, bagel pastrami sandwiches can provide that quick if you keep eating one, but boy is it good.
I might just take one for the team and suffer a heart shutdown :)  However, this place charges a pretty penny for something that basic - granted I'm not saying I can re-create any of their sandwiches, but wow we're in a recession man!
This place is definitely proud of their NY background and it shows on the walls; plus their accent is undeniable - ya heear!
-- yeah not sure if that's from NY either haha!
Regardless, I would recommend this joint if any of you are close by and stop for some heart-stopping food :) - enjoy!

Had a hankering for a bagel today (which is pretty uncommon for me) and decided to head up with a couple of fellow workers to this place.
Of COURSE the oven was busted and they didn't have any bagels, so I wound up ordering a lox sandwich on rye bread.
For some reason they kept calling this a "nova", although I just googled "nova lox sandwich" and now know why, but I didn't at the time so I was squinting at the menu and confirming that I was actually getting an ELL OH ECKS sandwich.
The sandwich was pretty good, but at over seven bucks it was a little pricey - any lunch at that price (including my favourite Fuji Apple Chicken salad at Paradise Bakery) places it into the "rare treat" category, especially when you can buy one whopper and get one free @ less than half the price from Burger King these days.
And I'm guessing a whopper would be pretty on-par with the Nova sandwich, health-wise.
AND I'd have gotten a better sandwich from Miracle Mile for roughly the same price.
A-ny-way, good place, but bye bye one star for calling yourselves a bagel deli but not actually having any bagels on the one day of the year that I actually decide to visit.
If I ever come back, you might regain the star (assuming your bagels are actually as good as others have observed).
Wonder what that accent is..?

This place is right across the street from my work.
All the meat used here is Boars head.
The place looks really clean and smells delicious!
I asked the owner what his reccomendation was and he mentioned the Philly Cheese Steak.
I really liked it.
This place also has several breakfast bagels that look amazing.

I was craving breakfast, we were outta eggs, and I've heard some good things about this place, so here goes:  It's strange that a place this good is in such a weird area (I actually had to map it; it's almost a blink-and-you'll-miss-it kinda place).
It's like their real estate agent played a trick on them or something.
I'm forever grateful for amazing little spots like this living in the meth-y part of Deer Valley as I do.
Having only been here on the weekend so far maybe I'm wrong, but it wasn't too busy and that's a shame since their product is so good.
These are some TASTY bagels!
Crisp out the outside (especially crispy after toasting) and soft and chewy inside, really perfect all around.
I ordered an Everything Bagel with egg and bacon and it really did me in, all lip-smackin' and teeth pickin'.
I see that some other reviewers are fond of buying a dozen or so and stocking up their freezers, which is an excellent idea.
I also ordered a coffee and it was FREE because it was before 11am and I was buying a sandwich.
Awesome deal!
I would dish out 5 stars if they had a full-on barista instead of the Farmer Bros. pump action coffee, but hey, nobody's perfect.

I have been coming to this hidden gem for several years now.
Ben and Elda (The owners) are the nicest people!
I believe they are from the Ukraine.They remember your names, and are always pleasant.
I love that the prices are very cheap, and especially since all their meats are Boar's Head!
The bagels are delicious, however, you simply cannot mimic bagels from NYC unless you're "in" NYC.
But, these bagels are far better than anything else around in Phoenix.
Great place to go!
HIGHLY recommend.

usually I'm a Hot Bagels girl, but i was studying up at deer valley area and had a hankering for a bagel sandwich.
It was very similar to Hot Bagels, except the bagel was 10 x better!
soft and chewy yet crispy on the outside.
I had a maple honey turkey on everything with all veggies and yellow mustard.
The lettuce was shredded and not very green, but the tomatoes were very juicy and fresh and the pickle was awesome.
I liked that i got to pick my choice of potato chips too.
Definitely will be going back here and trying a egg bagel sandwich.

I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Great Bagels and smiling friendly people!

I went for my first time the other day.
Had a Philly cheesesteak and it was delicious.
Friendly and good service!
a little pricey

Hands down, I just ate the best bagel I've ever tasted.
I enjoy lox so much that I buy the Philadelphia cream cheese with salmon in it because it's the closest substitute I can afford on a regular basis.
I've had good lox in New Orleans, but I really haven't been thrilled with the bagels I've had here.
That changed, however, upon my first visit to NY Bagels and Deli.
There was a constant flow of patrons, and the wait was negligible.
The place is clean and the tv (bonus pts for having ESPN on) was without volume, keeping the noise level appropriate.
They had almost every kind of bagel in stock, including blueberry, jalapeno, spinach, and the standards like everything, sesame, salt, etc.
I chose the Nova on an onion bagel, which is smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers, red onions and tomato.
The salmon portion was very generous for a $7 breakfast.
I don't mind paying that much for a sandwich that doesn't skimp on quality ingredients!
As others stated, the bagel has a great crispy exterior and fabulous, fluffy interior.
I highly recommend this place if you're on the north side of Phoenix.

I always forget how quality this place is, they use all boars head meats and have an excellent bagel selection.
Their lunch special is also incredible for 5.95 you get a huge bagel, loaded with quality meat accompanied by a fountain soda (I refill like a mofo, I'm thirsty) & chips!
Way too much food needed for the average bear but at that price I can't complain.

bagels are pretty good considering there aren't any rel bagel shops out in the valley.
the service here is TERRIBLE!!
Can;t get orders right, can't get people moving in and out of the shop....I stopped coming to this place for a year and sad I came back the 2 times I did to try and give them another shot.
Even worse.

I just left and ordered a turkey club on a bagel.
Really good!
I let her make it her way and enjoyed it even with spicy mustard.
This thing was huge!
I went thinking the bagel would be small, but it was more than I could handle.
They use only boars head, so you know it was a quality sandwich.
When in AZ, will definitely pay them a visit!

Last time I was in here I ordered a Hot Hero Sandwich.
I even asked the lady at the counter what was in the Hero sandwich.
She explained there was salami, etc, etc.
plus a drink for $7.
Well she/they couldn't get the order right because out came a Gyro wrap.
I say Hero you say Gyro.
Well I say let's call the whole thing off.
I took the Gyro wrap since I was pressed for time.
That was definitely the worst tasting Gyro I have ever had.
The meat was burnt at the edges and the wrap had what tasted like a garlic sauce in it.
Yuk, I won't return.

DELICIOUS!!!
Wow, my son and I had Italian Subs.
The bread was PERFECT!
It reminded very much of the subs I would get when I lived in Chicago (take that as a huge compliment).
The sandwich was very large so easy to split unless you have a huge appetite or can't control yourself around yummy food.
I can't wait to go back and try some more there.
The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is that maybe some fresh made chips would send it to the 5 star rating other than that...yummmmy!

New York style bagels that actually taste like New York Bagels.
Service can be slow but the bagels are worth the wait.
Go on the weekends and there is never a wait.
Oh, and get their cookies.
The oatmeal raisins are amazing.

This place is a great value for lunch.
I get their bagel sandwiches on a regular basis!

I came for lunch, ordered cold corn beef on rye with a side of chips.
Quick service, about 15 other people in the restaurant dining or eating.
The food was good, tasty rye and corned beef.
Only thing keeping me from 5 star rating was the size of the sandwich.
The corned beef I'm used to at delis is usually 4-6" thick with heaping mounds of beef.
This sandwich wasn't skimpy just not the hulking deli sandwiches I'm used to.

This is probably the first time I have given such a bad review to any restaurant I have eaten at.
My friends and I had gone for breakfast and it could not have been worse.
The bagels had no taste and nor did any of the sides we ordered.
How can you make such tasteless eggs and breakfast potatoes is something I cannot understand.
Worse there is a one cup limit on coffee.
Can you believe it, for a breakfast place you get only one filling of coffee.
Avoid this place like a plague if you can manage it.

I have never had bagels this good outside of New York City!
The rest of their deli is amazing also.
Great family-run spot I was so pleased to find when we opened our business in the Deer Valley Airpark!
They bake their own bagels as well as the french rolls.
Delicious!

Food was good, prices are a bit steep for what you get.

Went here in the afternoon on Christmas Eve hoping they were open.
Got there just as the owner was walking to the door to close.
I said I could go and the owner said "no, no, no, I'll help you".
I got 2 Italian subs, owner told me they make all breads at the shop and as others said, they use good meat.
The sub was stuffed and the bread was soft but with a nice crunch.
Sub took a while to make as there is a technique of stuffing it but it was very good.
I'll certainly go back.
Pricing is fair too; the sub isn't a foot long, perhaps 8-9" but well stuffed and for 2 subs, 2 drinks, 2 chips and 1 fat deli pickle we paid about $16.
Worth the price and the wait.
They are only open for breakfast and lunch.
I'll def.
go again to try breakfast...or for another sub.
Yummy!

I love NY Bagels!
I eat breakfast here at least twice a week, and often get bagels for the family on the weekends.
$5 for a sandwich and a drink, and you're full!
And the family that runs it is great.
So if you want something cheap, go to McDonald's and eat off the value menu.
If you want something filling and tasty, go to NY Bagels.
You'll be glad you did!

Friendly staff, great bagels, all boars head meat which is awesome.
Overall great spot for breakfast or lunch!

These are the best bagels I've ever had!
I had the sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast bagel on a sesame bagel.
The eggs were made fresh, which is always a plus!
The prices are really cheap too.
$5 for a bagel and a drink.

I am from New York.
Born on the upper east side of manhattan to some yuppie parents and raised on the Gold Coast of Long Island.
I am a snob by nature.
To make matters worse when I was about 19 I decided I was brave enough to try my hand at cooking professionally.
Anywho fast forward about a decade I dropped cooking like a bad habit we don't need to get into what I actually do now.
I'm more retired then anything.
Ok getting to the point.
When ever I decide to take a mental health day during the week or when I'm feeling frisky early on a Saturday this is my go to spot.
BEST BAGELS IN PHX.
#fact.
Two fried eggs bacon and cheese on a toasted everything bagel.
Don't get fancy at this place stick to the basics and thank me later!

