Advanced Garage Solutions installed several cabinets in my garage last year.
There were no problems and they were paid promptly.
I called the owner, Jason, recently to do more work.
On several occasions he said he would come over to measure.
He has not.
I have called him several times with no response.

Update- 2014- the cabinets function well.
have called Kane and Jason at least two times each today as well as emails, to find out how and when they are going to correct the massively out of level garage cabinet install.
The price is low, but where is the customer support when YOUR team makes a mistake.
I will update and edit this review as the problem is either taken care of or ignored.

thany you jason!
what a great experiance from start to finish.
i though it was going to be a prefabricated unit only to find out it's all custom built on site.
the cabintes have lots of sapce and the garage looks looks 100%  clutter free.
im glad i made theis purchase what a great deal and service.
i posted pictures on facebook to tell everyone use this guy!

Had my cabinets installed and found that the door on one of them was too big and couldn't close properly.
I called them on a Monday and they said someone would contact me the next day.
By Friday I hadn't heard anything so I called them again.
They offered to send a tech out on a Tuesday in the middle of the day.
I asked them to give me a time at the end of the day since my wife and I both work ( like normal people).
They said they would call me the following Monday.
Didn't hear anything by Tuesday so I called them.
They finally set up an appointment at 4 pm on a weekday.
I took a few hours off work to meet them.
Well, 7:45 pm ( close to 4 hours late !!
) rolls around and there is no call or tech.
I called Tom and I was told to call the tech directly.
I told him since it was so late maybe he could come by the next day after 5 so he could go home after a long day.
He thanked me and swore up and down that someone would stop by the house the next day.
Well the next day came and went with no tech and no call.
I called the tech three times and he didn't even bother to return my call after he swore that he would call me and that a tech who lived in my area would be stopping by around 5 pm.
They didn't show up to a time set by them after I took time off work AND then stood me up the next day when THEY set the time.
I called and spoke to the owner and made it clear that I wasn't happy.
All he did was apologize and set the appointment for 2 weeks out when my in laws were in town.
I agreed to it since I was off and didn't want to miss any more work because of them and their extremely poor customer service.
All I asked was that they set the appointment at the end of the day or the beginning of the day so that my in laws would not have to wait around all day for a tech who who had already lied to me and stood me up.
The owners response was that the tech would have to be there after lunch.
After this I was so frustrated I decided to simply sand the 2-3 mm off there door so it would actually shut.
I texted the owner to tell him not to show up to the appointment since I fixed it myself out of frustration .
His response to a customer who is frustrated , had been lied too, and stood up for an appointment was NO RESPONSE.
Botton line is that they sold me a defective product ( the tech who installed them must have known the door didn't close because my wife noticed it the first day after install ).
They were totally unorganized and unwilling to meet the needs of their customer after they were 4 hours late for an appointment that I had to miss work for , AND stood me up for the following appointment .
Their cabinets were poorly cut and they had excess glue along the edges of the doors.
Their products are not quality AND even worse they don't stand behind their products.
They are very cordial, punctual, AND even available on Saturdays when it comes to collecting the money BUT when there is an issue they will lie, no-show to their appointments, and leave you hanging.
I would recommend going with one of the many many other garage cabinet companies in the area

Well I wish I would have read the advice from others on this site and taken my business elsewhere.
My cabinets where installed in Feb 2013 and the doors are falling apart and it is April 2013.
Not from abnormal wear and tear,  doors that house stuff we hardly use.
The cabinets we use daily, are just as bad.
Now the worse part I called for service and  tell the "secretary" I need someone out here in the late afternoon because we work, which is how we paid for this, she has to constantly call u back because she has to speak with him to confirm his schedule.
Needless to say she has not called, Tom called on Friday to say "give me the weekend to get my schedule together and I will call u Monday".
I'm still waiting, left messages, still have broken doors.
Horrible experience.

This company manufactures and installs garage cabinets.
Tom (one of the owners, the other is Deidre who handles most of the phone and email contact) came out, measured our space, designed our cabinets on the spot, and gave us a quote.
We exchanged a few emails asking questions (like how much to get handles, getting them to drop off color samples, etc), we decided to go with them.
They were able to schedule us within 5 days of our finalizing.
Paul (he makes and installs the cabinets) showed up and got the cabinets installed in one day.
He had to improvise a few things on the fly (e.g.
making sure our 220V outlet was accessible, plus an obstruction Tom hadn't accounted for).
There were a few things Paul wasn't happy about that he pointed out to me, and he arranged to come back to take care of them.
He didn't even take payment then.
He came back, addressed them, and we paid in full at that time.
After about two weeks something apparently shifted or settled so that one door didn't close properly, and Paul came back and fixed it (plus replaced a door he didn't like because it was bowing).
I really liked how easy this was, and how conscientious Paul was.
The cabinets look great.
So in the "pro" column I have to put how easy the process was, the conscientiousness of the installer, and the service after the install.
They claim if we ever have any problems to give them a call and they'll handle it.
The only "cons" I have are regarding the actual materials.
But it is important to understand that everyone uses these same materials.
So it's not a problem unique to AGS.
The doors are a laminated particle board, and only the surfaces visible from the outside are laminated.
The inner surfaces are exposed particle board.
They should have had an option to laminate the inner surfaces too (it would protect them better from moisture).
Though I would have preferred a marine plywood that could be stained and sealed (and, if Tom and Deidre are reading this, I would recommend that option be made available with whatever up-charge is appropriate)  The shelves are a "press board" (actually high-density fiber board).
Very strong, heavy, not laminated or coated.
Plywood shelves would be lighter, probably thinner for the same strength, and again could be sealed if the customer wanted.
Yeah, I'm not a big fan of particle board.
But, as I said, everyone does it this way.
So I can't single out AGS for this.
If they had offered those options I mentioned I would have given them 5 stars, because everything else about the experience (at least so far) has been great.

