I have nothing but WONDERFUL things to say about FTC.
The staff is so knowledgeable and committed to helping their patients.
I have (what I consider) to be a unique case.
I was diagnosed with Breast Cancer at age 28.
I had no children and was wanting to preserve my right to do so.
Instead of the staff being concerned with financials, they jumped right in to make sure I could move foward quickly.
I had a very small window of oppurtunity, and they wasted no time.
They handled me with care and love, it was a very trying time in my life and they made me feel at home.
I would recommend FTC and Dr. Behara to anyone who asks.
They have no idea how much they gave me.
The oppurtunity to have children in the future, and the peace of mind to move forward with life saving treatment without any worries about fertility.
I love this place and this staff.
Amazing!!!

I love Dr. Craig - the staff here is amazing, friendly, helpful and caring.
Always willing to answer your questions.
Dr. Craig explained all options to me and gave it to me straight, and now I have a child!
He never gave up!
Thanks Dr. Craig to you and your amazing staff!

Dr. Behera has the best personality of any doctor!
She always makes you feel welcome and takes the time to answer questions and explain procedures.
She seems to really care about all her patients.
She's beautiful, pleasant, patient, and hugs her patients.
Dr. Behera and Dr. Craig even have a family celebration every year where they invite all patients to bring their families for an afternoon of fun.
The staff had told me they look forward to that event every year because they get to see all the babies that come into the world from their efforts.
We attended this year and stood in line for a half hour just to let her know we were having a healthy pregnancy and have our picture taken with her.
The staff is also awesome.
They are not always as cheerful (after all they are drawing blood which I am sure gets boring).
But, they perk up right away if you start a conversation with them and are very pleasant.
The only complaint I have about this business is the wait time.
I would go at lunch to get blood drawn and it was not unusual for my total time in the office to take 30 - 45 minutes.
The blood draw only took 5 minutes.
Early morning visits tended to be quicker.

Horrible!
Good luck getting an appointment.
I almost missed one cycle and ended up missing another because it takes days and several phone calls and emails to get a response.
Once you get in plan on waiting at least 30 minutes in a crowded room.
You see Dr Craig once for your first visit and then never again.
His nurses all give different information every time you go even for the same procedure.
I went through three IUI's and am still not sure about the procedure even though I've asked many questions.
Even the pharmacy there doesn't know what they are talking about.
I once asked for a consolation with the pharmacist only for him to give me completely wrong information and another time they only gave me half of what I was supposed to get.
I would not recommend this doctor or his staff and would highly recommend going somewhere else.

We have worked with Dr. Behera for the past 3 years.
I agree with the other reviewers regarding her kindness & care for us as patients.
Everyone in the office is always pleasant & friendly.
My mediocre review is because Dr. Behera has been unable to give me much insight into why I cannot become pregnant.
I am 34, my eggs, uterus, and ovaries are perfectly healthy as is my husband's sperm.
There is no explanation as to why we've been unable to conceive.
During our IVF consultation, we were assured that it was the likely solution to our problem.
We were told "there is no reason why this shouldn't work for you!
" Except it didn't...twice.
We've invested over $20,000 and are still childless.
While I know there is no guarantee, I feel like we were led to believe that because we are young and healthy, the odds were in our favor.
I wish we would've known from the beginning how unlikely conception via IVF is despite our youth & health.

I don't know where to start, we've had such an amazing experience at FTC.
My husband and I had been to another clinic and had a terrible experience.
We went through an IVF cycle that resulted in only one embryo.
An IVF cycle with Dr. Craig resulted in 15 embryos!!!
Our treatment was far more individualized and the results speak for themselves.
At FTC we finally feel  taken care of, but also cared for.
I've never met a kinder and more compassionate staff.
I've discovered that a few if not many of the staff have been involved in fertility treatment themselves in one way or another.
The empathy is apparent.
I've been hugged, comforted, and cheered on, all while receiving high quality, modern, and evidence based treatment.

