My Son's iPod Touch volume buttons broke so we took it to get repaired by the Guru Crew.
I found them via Yelp Talk and opted to get it repaired rather than purchasing a new one.
They were able to diagnose the issue as a bad cable.
That was the good news.....the bad news was that the only supplier for the cable was in China and that it would take 3 to 4 weeks to get it delivered.
We patiently waited one month for the cable and the repair.
All in, it only cost us $55.
That's a lot cheaper than purchasing a new iPod Touch.
The guys there were great and kept us informed of what was going on.
I hear they fix Video Games too.
Will I return?
I'm considering brining my old school Xbox units in to get repaired.
Of course I will, they did a great job!

I think they're the best!!!
Why?
They are professional, honest, and have wonderful customer service.
Most of all their prices are the most reasonable in town.
They don't even charge to diagnose the problem.
So far, I've had them look at and repair two laptops for less than $100!!!
I recommend them to everyone.
In a profession where so many are out just trying to take your hard-earned money, these people are a breath of fresh air.
Thanks guys!

These guys do great work!
Have had my laptop and a Xbox repaired here.
Kept me updated and got my stuff back to me ahead of promised delivery date.
What more can you ask for?

What I needed: a repair shop to fix the shattered glass screen of my iPhone 3GS.
Went to Guru Crew after a friend of mine recommended their quick and affordable iphone repair work.
I was considering a couple other repair shops in Vegas that I researched online, but I decided to go with one that someone I knew could truthfully give praise about.
No regrets!
The customer service was fine, the turnaround time on the repair was 30-40 minutes for only $40!
No complaints, and close to south end of the Strip/Las Vegas Blvd.
I shall go to Guru Crew for my future iPhone repair needs =]

Had an iPod Touch 3g with a cracked screen.
I  found these guys on Yelp and called them a few days before I actually went in.
They were quick to answer the phone, courteous, friendly, and told me the truth in regards to cost and whether or not they had the replacement parts in stock.
He didn't know because the guy who does the ipods was out to lunch.
So I called back a few days later and was told the same information regarding cost and I heard them checking in the background to confirim they had a screen in stock.
I went in and left my ipod there.
Since they had other jobs, they asked me to come back in a few hours.
I got a repair estimate copy and left.
I came back a few hours later and the screen had been replaced.
They even charged the ipod, put a temporary screen protector on it, and they also straightened out the metal casing on the side where the volume button is.
It had a little "bump" on it due to it being dropped.
I figued they had to make the screen fit perfectly.
I wasn't charged extra.
In person, they were professional and courteous.
I would recommend them.
THANKS!

Took my Iphone 3GS to them for battery issues.
They were able to replace the battery in 24 hours.
The only issue we had was when we went to pick it up the next day they did not open on time.
They are supposed to open at 10 and didn't open until 10:30.
It's a little far from our house so we had to drive around for a while.
Service was good and everyone was very helpful and friendly.

Absolutely the best.
I had a router issue, as well networking and printing issues.
It was the first time I used them -- I called on a Saturday morning.
Guru Crew arrived at the appointed time, within an hour actually and resolved all the problems with alacrity and economy.
And they did it at a time when we had carpet cleaners and a handyman at the house, in other words, at a time of rampant confusion in the house.
There's no question that, if required, I'd use Guru Crew again.

Did a great job on my system.
No upselling or bs.. honest guys and great prices!

THE BEST!
I highly recommend this place.
I took my laptop to Guru Crew after spilling coffee on it.
Admir, a Guru Crew Tech., assisted me in a very professional manner.
My laptop was fixed in about two hours.
Now I am using my laptop to type this review.
:)))))   This place is not costy and the crew is honest.

I really like this place and its a + that it's so close to where I live.
Came here after my iphone 3g took a plunge and landed screen down on a rock.
The screen was cracked along with the lsd.
Called guru crew, got a quote, went in, got the same quote/estimate.
The guys there were all friendly, eager to help and knew what was going on without me having to explain.
I was told I would have to wait about 3-5 days for the needed parts to come in so I left my sad phone with them since it was useless to me anyways and it seemed like it would be in good hands.
I have no trust issues.
They called when it was nice and ready four days later.
Paid $45 whereas the guy at the apple store told me it'd be pointless and at least $100, psh.
Anyway, be sure to take advantage of their yelp deal that's going on..save yourself 15$ :) Now I'm thinking of taking in my laptop.

This place is great!
Downloaded a virus and when I called they were very helpful.
They would have come to the house, but I chose to drop it in the shop.
Super easy and quick.
Dropped it off on my way to work.
Picked it up on the way home.
No pressure or upsells.
Just told me I had a virus, they removed it, and now my computer is just like new.
Prices very very reasonable.
I definitely would go back- but I hope I dont have to.
lol

I called and asked if they could fix my Asus notebook,i had total power failure and no way to begin to figure out what was wrong.I brought it down and was told it was probably the power jack and would be $85 to fix.I got a call a few days latter due to a holiday they were closed otherwise I would have gotten back the next day.They checked the notebook out got it powered up and found noting wrong.I was given my notebook back no charge,I am sure that I could have been charged never knowing that they never did any repair work since it was working great when I got it back,I would bring my electronics back any time because of this experience.I have found the problem that caused the power loss.

fixed my laptop free of charge after i brought it in a second time when i dropped it again.
very friendly and fair priced.
highly recommend.

