Really good pulled pork sandwich with secret sauce made by owner.
So.
Good.
I have also had chicken parmesan here, which I love.
I keep going back because they do not dissapoint.
Kids love the spaghetti and pizza too.
Sorry, there is not much more to this review (check out the pics I took that might help) but the food is just dang good and every time I have been its been good.
Why not the 4 stars then?
the place is hot - simply put they have an air conditioning issue and every time I have been I have been hot (even during this time of year when its cool)

I used to get delivery from this Rosati's when I lived out in the QC.
I love the fact that I could order dinner, have it delivered and have leftovers for lunch the next day.
The spinach mushroom pizza is awesome too.

3 new sandwiches.
BBQ pulled pork.
Fish sandwich.
(you are welcome!!).
And grilled chicken sandwich.
Good stuff!!
Come see me on Monday, Thursady, Saturday or Sunday Night!!
Best dang pizza!!
YUMMY!

I've been craving spaghetti the last few days and decided to stop in Rosati's for dinner with a family member.
The chicken parmesan sounded good so I ordered that, and it came with a salad and garlic bread.
Their marinara is good but could have used just a bit more spice.
The chicken was a little firm but still tasty.
On the menu there are plenty of cheap items including hot dogs and sandwiches as well as fish and shrimp entrees.
Even the dinners are decently priced.
Service was great.
We will be back again.

I normally love rosatis!!!!
We go there all the time....did not feel like pizza though so we got a beef sandwich and some baked mostaciolli....ordered the pasta with extra cheese and extra sauce on the side...got home and had maybe a half a cup of pasta barely any cheese and NO SAUCE!!!
I called up the store and asked to talk to the manager and was put on hold...five minutes later I Hung up...called back and was told the.manager was too busy to talk to me...I work in foodservice and this is not how you treat a customer...asked for the owners name and when he was going to be there...she gave me the number for the one on power road and Hung up...called that location...talked to that manager who was very disappointed in the service we received...said he would talk to the owner and have the owner call me...after receiving no call back we called the owner who said he would talk to the manager and call us back...STILL NO CALL BACK...I love the food normally but refuse to go back to this location being treated this way...ROSATIS YOU MAY HAVE LOST A CUSTOMER FOR LIFE...

UPDATE...the owner finally called us back after 2 weeks and gave us a 15 dollar credit...he made excuses for his employees and did not act sorry at all...ROSATIS YOU HAVE LOST A CUSTOMER I WILL DRIVE OUT OF MY WAY TO GO SOMEWHERE ELSE...

Had family in town and stopped by this local pizza joint for the first time.
We were all really impressed with the pizza, once it cooled down a bit it was one of the best ive had.

I'm giving them three stars because they are a chain restaurant and have no competition.
Their food is by no means anything special, but it does of course beat Pizza Hut or Domino's.
The Pizza is what you would expect to find at any similar place, such as Nello's or Street's of New York.
The salad looks like the typical ready pack with some added onions of peppers.
Overall the place was clean, and the staff was friendly.
I would eat there if I lived in the area and didn't feel like driving 10 miles to a better establishment.
Stop in if you are looking for a simple, Americanized Pizza / Pasta joint way out in the middle of nowhere.
Cheers!

I like their thin crust pizza .
For me so far it's the best in the area.
The only thing I don't like is the prices.
I wish they would offer more deals.

The pies are better than most and I LOVE the hot dogs.
Try the Gonzo if you love green olives like I do.

AMAZING pizza.
This place has some of the BEST thin crust pizza I've ever tasted!
So far, the only things I have tried from this place is the thin crust pizza, their salads, fettuccine alfredo, garlic bread, fried zucchini, mozzarella sticks and chicken tenders.
The Garlic bread was amazing, the salad was your typical salad you can get pretty much anywhere but it did taste pretty amazing for a salad, the fried zucchini is to die for...I don't know what kind of breading they use but whatever it is, it's perfect.
The Mozzarella sticks were yum, the chicken tenders weren't anything TOO special, and of course the pizza is best served thin.
The only complaint I had was the fettuccine alfredo.
It wasn't BAD, but it just wasn't as good as I was hoping.
It seemed as though it was lacking flavor as compared to Olive garden's fettuccine or my own personal fettuccine, but it was still good.
I don't plan on getting it again though, but that doesn't make it completely bad I just don't see the point in getting it when my own recipe is better :P  As far as the service goes, our waitress was really sweet.
She checked up on us every few minutes but not enough to be annoying, and she refilled our drinks when they got low.
Very sweet woman, I just wish I remembered her name so I could brag about how nice she was =( The place was clean, and the decor of the place was very typical "New Yorker" pizza place.
Overall, I liked eating there at lunch.
(A lunch special for both my mom and I only came out to about 13 dollars, and that included drink with FREE refills, a HUGE salad, and a HUGE bowl of pasta with a side of a pretty large chunk of bread, awesome deal.
For the people saying their prices are hefty, Yes!
This is true, but there ARE deals out there, you just have to know where to look.
Next time you get a Fry's receipt (if you shop there...), look on the back.
I can't tell you how many times I've got a coupon on the back of the Fry's receipt that had one for Rosati's.
In fact, one of them was "Order a large pizza or bigger and recieve a small/medium (cant recall which one) pizza for free" and the other one was "Order the family size pizza (biggest one on the menu) and get it for 15 bucks instead of 20 or whatever it originally is.
There ARE ways to get the prices down people, just gotta keep your eyes peeled!

Our waitress was great.
But the service was super slow.
Probably cause one person was taking table orders and waiting on every table.
And 4 people standing up front not doing anything but talking to each other and playing on their phones.
The owner needs to start managing this place.
Very disappointing for a first visit.
Better pizza places right down the street

I feel I can't be 100% fair since I did not order the pizza or a regular entree but what I did order was a disappointment so that is what I am judging here.
The minestrone cup of soup was not bad but nothing special and my side salad was inedible due to the ocean of balsamic vinegar that was poured onto it.
The croutons were so soaked they were black.
I had to ask the waitress to please take it off our bill.
My parents were satisfied with their eggplant parm plate and chicken parm hero but I wouldn't think a bowl of soup and a salad would be that difficult to get right.
From what I saw the pizza looked like pizza hut or dominoes style not real pizza...
I don't think I would go back here.

Thin crust pizza is one of the best around.
The Italian sausage is an authentic ground sausage so if you are used to the major chains preprocessed sausage you may not care for this topping.
Would not recommend the bread sticks.
The sticks appear to be brought in pre packed item that is reheated.
The sticks were stale and hard.
Friendly staff that practiced good sanitation practices.
Observed constant cleaning of the dining area and use of hand sanitizer by all staff.

My first time at Rosati's and my feelings about this place while generally positive are very mixed.
We arrived one hour after they opened and my son and I were the only customers.
Normally, this is a red flag for me but since I hadn't eaten here before I decided I would just proceed with caution...  Our waitress was very friendly and courteous which is a big deal for me.
Having a great server can make or break my opinion on a restaurant no matter how good the food might be.
But as more people trickled in she started getting really lax with our service.
We ordered an appetizer which was a garlic bread with spinach, tomato, & cheese.
For our main course I ordered a chicken sandwich and my son had a child's cheese pizza.
We were the only customers in the place so I figured we would not have any problems with getting our food quickly or our drinks running dry.
I was wrong...  People filed into the place and browsed the menu, got their drinks, and placed their orders but my son and I?
We were left wanting...
I finally just had to ask the waitress if we could have some more water she made some offhand comment about not being able to tell if our drinks were full.
I thought "hmm, come check in with us and I'll tell you.
" She came over after about 15-20 mins to tell us that "someone" turned off the oven or something and that our app was going to come out with the rest of the food.
When it all finally got there it was delicious and hot but alas I'm deeply opposed to being served massive portions of food.
My son's child size pizza was so large it could have fed the both of us!
Had I known about the portion size I could have just ordered that and saved $13 dollars.
We left with over full bellies (since saying no to large amounts of good food is difficult) and with enough food for another complete meal.
Like, I said I'm torn about this place.
Great food, okay service, and I'll probably go back.
If your watching your waist or want to save a buck share a single dish.
Trust me it will be enough!

I've been going to this location for the last 4 years.
Haven't had much outside of their thin crust pizza (adventurous, I know).
They've had 2 different servers that have worked there forever, only 1 now...can't remember her name, but she is seriously one of the best servers I've had anywhere.
Funny someone else mentioned they ususally only  have 1 server working the tables, then 3-5 bussers and register people standing around doing nothing...laughed when I read that because it's true.
Their thin crust pizza has always been consistently good.
The other dishes I've had a few times have been mehhh.

Stick to the pizza.
I ordered a sub sandwich and french fries( which were a extra fee).
The sand which was small with barley any meat and the fries, well I was looking to see if some fell in the bag.
I also got a calzone which was also pretty small.
Not worth the $20 I paid.
Like I stated sick to the pizza unless you have alot of extra money to spend

Dude seriously?
I got a pretty damn decent glass of cabernet sauvignon for $3.95 and my husband got a 16oz beer for  $1.99.
Insane!!
The BBQ wings we ordered were hot, fresh and delicious!
(No pun intended.
)  I'm on my second glass of wine now, and at this price I could sit here all night long.
My server Kristen was awesome she gave the best customer service, ask for her when you get there!
The most pleasant dining experience I have had in ages.
Kudos Rosati's!

Takes forever for pizza to bake.
Double dough is super flimsy.
Pan pizza has so much dough!
Love the cheese they use, but makes for a puddle of grease.
Too spendy to frequent.

I love going here and my family and I often stop in to grab dinner!
Our waitress, Susan, whom serves us almost every time we.
One in knows our order and everything by heart!!
We always get great service not to mention their food is always delicious!

Holy pizza goodness!!!
Get the deep dish pizza style with pepperoni and the kingdom of heaven will send angels to dance on your tongue!
Only downside is they have nothing on tap just bottles.
If this changed I'd give it 5 stars.

Rosati's was my go to while in Kansas City so i was glad to have one close that delivers.
The pan and double dough are my favorite as well as the calzone and a decent salad.

Well, I ordered penne with Broccoli Alfredo sauce.
The menu says it's creamy but it was very liquidly.
My partner and one of the friends had eggplant Parmesan sandwich and they said it had no flavor at all.
With one exception of my friend, she had a calzone and she said it was really good.
The server wasn't that great at all.
She didn't pay attention to what we were ordering and got our order wrong forcing us to wait at least another 20 mins.
That wait wasn't worth it at all.
So if I had to rate this place, it'd be 2 stars out of 5.
Now my mouth is in need of something better and I'll have to get it from elsewhere.
Definitely won't be back here like ever.

I come here all the time.
Food is hot and delicious.
The server, Sue, is amazing.
She has been here for years and she is the reason we keep coming back.
Love Love Love the calzones.
Love the Penne Broccoli,  and the RIBS are to die for.
You want to try the Egg Plant Parm yourself and not base your opinion on what some idiot writes in these reviews, because it is beyond flavorful and delicious.
Next time your out, stop by, and tell Sue we said hello....
Your going to love it......

I've been going to Rosatis for over 5 years now.
Not because it's the closest, not because it's the cheapest because it's the best.
I've eaten in where the service has always been outstanding (not once did my ice tea get close to empty).
I've also picked up and had dinner delivered.
The pizza and pasta is the best in San Tan Valley and their beefy cheese sandwich isn't far behind.
Eat there you won't be disappointed.

Love love love Rosatis, every time I order I always get what I want.
They are a little pricey but I think it is well worth it.
I actually tried Barros and regret it.
I will be sticking to Rosatis.
Best pizza in Queen Creek.

I've been a few times and was very pleased with every experience.
The food is good, prices are fair and the service is solid.
No real complaints.

