TPC Las Vegas (formerly TPC The Canyons) is a sweet course in Sin City.
I really enjoyed myself there.
I am a huge fan of desert golf, and this one didn't disappoint.
I played during aerification, so the greens were a little bumpy - but it didn't spoil my round one bit.
The course is currently in the rotation for the Seniors - and Tiger Woods won his first professional tournament here.
It also recently received honors in GolfWeeks Readers Choice Award as a Top 50 Public Course.
The courses main feature is that it is located in a canyon.
So many of the par 3's are tough.
All that stands between tee box and green is desert floor, sage and brush.
There is also a fat gorge on the back nine - which made things challenging.
The hole that got the brunt of the gorge was titled "Gorge-eous.
"  We got absolutely dumped on out of nowhere for a few holes.
Overall, a studly course in Vegas.

Course was fantastic.
Greens are fast fast fast.
If you hit off faiway into whar they call the veronca (rocks)  drop and take the stroke.
It will chew your club up.
Pay attention when putting what may look up hill is usually down hill.
Use the mountain range to gauge slope.
Have fun!

Just played here again this morning for $60 (locals rate).
Definitely a great value at that price.
The course is surely challenging, but not to the point where it's ridiculous.
I wouldn't recommend it for a total beginner, but even someone with 15-20 handicap shouldn't have too tough a time and enjoy the round.
Although there are a few holes requiring a "long" carry off the tee.
We play here probably more than anywhere when the price is right... probably put about 20 rounds in here in the past year and a half.
It's always in great shape, the staff is professional and friendly, and we've never really run into problems with slow pace of play.
The do a good job spacing the tee times, and it never seems like there are too many people on the course....  although when it's only $60/round...
I can't believe they aren't packed.
I'd have to say this course is in my top 3 for Vegas.

Another one of my favorite golf courses here in Vegas.....this one is tucked between the Suncoast & Rampart Casinos in Summerlin.
It is the sister course to the private TPC course in Summerlin where the PGA event is held.
This course can be challenging for high handicap players and beginners.
However, for everyone else the immaculate and fast greens are a lot of fun.
I played in a tournament, scramble play, and had the round of our lives....we couldn't miss....bad thing was that another group had the game of their life and beat us by 1 stroke!
Dammit!
Besides tournament play, I've played this course numerous times on regular days....I like how it's not very crowded on weekdays.
The scenery is your typical Vegas desert course, but the rolling hills and well maintained course doesn't make you feel high and dry.
The clubhouse is very nice and the food is excellent!
The starter is friendly and is always full of useful information.
Not too many courses have starters like that anymore.
Will I return?
I can guarantee that I will!

A great course for the money.
Staff was very friendly and not snotty at all (as they can be at some courses).
Greens were deceptive but still fun.
Listen to the marshals when they say all greens slope down away from the mountains and to the city, regardless of what it LOOKS like.
I booked on golfnow.com to get another 25% off the price.
This course is definitely worth the money.

It's pretty amazing that you can play were the pros play.
We played here on Sunday on a golf package that I booked with the JW Marriott located within minutes of the course.
We teed off around 10:00 am and we never saw anybody behind us the entire day.
We finally caught a group in front of us around the 16th hole so it was enjoyable not playing with groups stacked on top of each other.
The course was decent but for being a TPC course I was disappointed in the maintenance of the course.
It seems like the course must of got to much recent play and I noticed it.
Fairways are all pretty wide and the slope was not that tough from the mixed tee box.
Greens were a 11 on the stimpmeter so they were fast but rolled true.
The practice facility here is very good including the driving range, chipping area and practice putting greens.
I would probably play here again but would not pay the regular rack rate which is $169.00 per player for this time of year.

Simply beautiful cool breeze amongst The mountain back drop, tip added on.

Got my first chance to play here last Saturday and would have to say for the locals price of $60 this place is well worth it.
Was definitely a challenging course, but for someone who barely breaks 100 (hey I only golf once a month if that to anyone laughing), I was still able to keep up and enjoy it.
Desert style course but still some pretty wide fairways offer some give for us shanking and hooking, left to right.
Can't be a great judge of greens as they were aerated on the Tuesday before I played.
But they are large and can offer some loooong putts.
Also as others noted, once we got out there we didn't really run into anyone else on the course, played through without any slow downs.
So they definitely are timing sending groups out very well.

So in all honesty this is an amazing course, but foursome organizer beware!
I got stuck buying the round of one of two of my guests who got sick and could not make it.
I have golfed in Vegas for 11 years at some pretty amazing courses and this is the first time EVER I have been charged for a no show.
As much as I love this course I simply won't risk golfing here again to be stuck with the cost of a no show.
There's to many options and it's not worth it.
Great course but be sure EVERYONE shows up.

TPC Las Vegas is a pretty nice place to play.
The course is pretty challenging in that you can't take a driver and smash it on every par 4 or 5 out there.
The greens are super fast and the greens are also really hard to read (apparently the greens all run towards the Stratosphere Hotel).
Other than that, the course doesn't play too hard.
I managed a pretty decent front 9 until I got tired (running on 3 hours of sleep).
After that, the wheels fell off and things fell apart for me, my swing wasn't the same in the back 9.
The clubhouse is where I took off a star (I was going to originally give TPC 4-stars).
The bathrooms were old, the toilet privacy stalls/doors were falling apart and unhinging from their nuts and bolts.
Mind you, there are realllllly nice private and public courses in LA that play like private courses with bathrooms that look like a billion dollar bathrooms.
TPC LV's bathrooms were not.
No GPS on your carts and you're paying how much to play?
Yeah..they have the distance on the sprinkler heads to give you the distance, but why no high-tech GPS systems?
All in all a pretty good experience.
The practice range was nice, starters, clubhouse folks, even the refreshment cart girls were nice.
Next Vegas trip, I'll try another highend course though!

By far my favorite golf course out of the 16 courses I have played in Vegas so far.
I love hitting over huge canyons.
Tough course for a beginner but due-able for an average golfer and an experienced players dream.
The greens and fairways were looking great.
More views of the city than any other course I've played so far.
Nothing bad I can say about this course.
It was fantastic and I hope to play it many more times.

TPC LAS Vegas like many of their properties you expect perfection or close to it.
Located up in the Western Hills of Las Vegas this golf course and property does not disappoint.
From their very nice modern and well maintained clubhouse, to their large practice area using Pro V1 Golf balls ("practice").. to their nice chipping and putting green all the way to the first tee its very well handled.
Onto the course where two nines could not be more different.
From the shot making target golf of the front 9 to the back 9 where you gently roll up and down over the canyons with lightning fast greens and deep bunkers make each shot a test.
Downside, no ranger for 8 holes as the never having played golf before foursome in front of us made us wait on every shot..
I think I'm going to write a book called Plumb Bobbing for 12's.. Give me a break pick the phucking ball up already.
Manicured fairways, great back 9 and fast greens.
No rangers to move play cost them 2 stars just for that.

Why would anyone play the Wynn for triple what it cost to play here.
This place is classy, beautiful, serene and relaxing.
Some of the holes have deep canyons and it is a blast to try to hit over them.
It feels great when you get over as you are never going to roll one to the fairway on these holes.
They have ice and water on many of the holes.
The marshall kept up the pace so everyone could play on time.

TPC Las Vegas should be reclassified to include wedding venues as well.
We had our wedding there and our experience was lovely.
The onsite wedding coordinator was attentive, answered all of our questions, extremely nice, professional, and we didn't feel like a wham bam vegas wedding.
It was like working with family.
I should know being a wedding coordinator, maid of honor(s), bridesmaid(s), usher, etc!
I was like that girl from 27 dresses!

Rental clubs are nice, service I'd great, TPC LV is a great experience.

Great golf course ruined by a by bad apple at the pro-shop... we booked for a 4 one had bad back on the day of the game and one backed out due to other issues the guys excused for one wanted a full fee for the other only agreed after a credit card dispute..  second time said green fee is 69 when golf now said 59 for 6.00 pm tee time.... and accused us of lying.. watch out!!
make sure you know the fees or will get ripped off..

Great staff, course is in good shape and the practice facility is really good.
The greens are in fantastic shape however the bunkers need some help.
All in all a good place to play for the money they charge.

We played this course on Christmas eve.
Went out at 8:30 and didn't see a single person the entire day!
I love not being rushed.... or rushing the people in front of me.
Everything was top notch from the Valet, to the starter, to the practice range, to the GPS golf cart.
The Marshall (joe?
) was AMAZING.
He was from the east coast and just awesome.
Again, it's target golf.... we don't have target golf in the bay area.
If you have a slice, good luck finding your ball in the desert landscaping!
This course is great for all skill levels (well, maybe not total beginners).
the pro shop has tons of cute outfits & accessories.
I found the cutest foot joy glove.
Skip the snack bar before you get to 10.  it totally sucks.
A very small selection and our bratwurst was a weird color in the middle.
Luckily they had beer and Cheetos.

Played here one 1/7/13.
To be fair, I am not sure if there is a drought in LV and if there is I am sure it makes maintaining a golf course very difficult.
However, when I played the greens were rock hard and pretty bumpy.
There were ball marks everywhere (I don't know how with how dry and rock hard the greens were).
The fairways were reasonable but not plush by any means and some of the tee boxes were allowed to completely yellow/die.
The bunkers were in excellent shape though!
The rental clubs are reasonable (I rented a set of AP2s) and they have plenty of other brand, flex, and model options.
They did finally get new carts with GPS that functioned very well and made the round MUCH more enjoyable.
I can't imagine playing without them.
The pace of play was great (3 hour round) and the starter was obviously concerned about it and wanting to pair us up (I was a single).
The layout is just alright.
Plenty of scoring opportunities and the greens aren't so undulating that you will miss a tons of putts.
Most of the holes are just a driver, 3 wood, hybrid off the tee and a wedge or short iron into the green.
The pro shop people were friendly and accommodating.
All in all, its a decent course but with so many options in las vegas I do kinda wish I had played somewhere else.
For the GolfNow.com price of $60 (all-in) + $65 club rentals I am satisfied.
Anything more and I would have been incredibly disappointed.

First off if this review was just for the staff it would be 5stars very friendly and helpful from pro shop to maintenance crew.
The course itself was a little disappointing.
It was in good shape but lacked distinction, a lot of the holes it felt like I had played already.

I think I found my home course here in Vegas!
First of all it is extremely close to my home in a Summerlin which is a huge plus, especially if I get the itch to go pitch and putt for an hour or so.
I was disappointed when I didn't move quickly enough online on an early tee time so I decided to call tpc and ask about resident tee times and specials.
They have tons of specials for residents so don't be intimidated by their listed prices!
I was able to get on at 6:10 am as a single with no problems.
The service was courteous and efficient.
Small details like having range balls in nylon bags instead of plastic baskets was a treat.
Felt like a PGA pro!
anyone who has been to a pro tournament know what I mean.
The range was nice, got to hit off the grass.
Didn't get too much time to evaluate the practice facilities since my tee time was so freaking early but I will provide a followup review about that!
The course was in very solid shape.
The fairways were green and spongy(in good way).
The greens were punched a few weeks prior but was very solid.
Can't wait to be back next week because it will be perfect.
The course is forgiving without being boring.
I also like the fact some of the holes have trees because I love parking my cart in the shade whenever possible.
The GPS is very accurate and state of the art.
Beware of ads that appear on the screen when driving because you don't want to be distracted and plow into a bunker.
After the round, I actually took advantage of the summer pass for residents which is $600 for 12 rounds, no restrictions.
That's $50 per round!
I am going to be playing a lot of golf this summer!

