I attended EVBC from February 2011 - August 2011.
When I started, I was not exercising at all and so I enjoyed being motivated to go work out several times a week.
I went to Kristi's sessions (the owner).
During sessions I felt like she would sit on her cell phone most of the time.
She rarely corrected our form or pushed us further because she rarely looked up from her phone!
This disappointed me, but luckily I found motivation from within and kept going because I was tired of my sedentary lifestyle.
In June 2011 she was really talking up her Fitness Challenge and how great it was.
The cost was $125 and if you completed the challenge you would get $75 of that back or put it toward a future challenge.
The challenge was going to be eight weeks long and was advertised as having prizes awarded weekly to top scores, such as gift certificates and free months of boot camp and at the end there was supposed to be an overall point winner and an overall weight loss winner with prizes.
I decided to do the challenge and participated for the entire eight weeks.
During this time I never once received an email regarding the challenge or updating us on prizes or how anyone was doing!
When I asked Kristi at boot camp about the challenge she would always say she was about to send that email out, but the emails never came.
It has now been over two months since the challenge ended and I have never once received any communication from EVBC about how it went or who won or ANYTHING!
I sent three emails over the two months asking how the challenge went, and then finally expressing my disappointment about not hearing anything and asking for my $75 deposit back.
During this time I was on vacation and couldn't speak to Kristi in person at boot camp, but I had communicated with the business via email previously and thought there should be no problem now.
I received no response.
Finally, I gave up on ever hearing anything back from EVBC, and I posted a review on several sites regarding my disappointment with the business.
Only after my reviews were posted, did I get an email from the owner pleading with me to give her a chance before posting negative reviews.
But I had given them over two months already, with no response!
She told me if I removed the negative reviews, I could have the entire $125 back, not just my $75.
That's a lot of money for me, so I complied.
It's now been a week since I removed the reviews and notified her of it, and I have not received any money back or any communication from EVBC!
So basically, I give up!
The fitness challenge was a total disappointment, and I can't imagine that I'm the only one who paid $125 and got nothing in return.
I also prepaid for the next three months of boot camp, but this whole situation has left me with zero desire to attend EVBC ever again, so I will just have to accept a loss.

After posting this review, I received an email from the business owner threatening me with a libel lawsuit unless I removed the review.
She says that I don't deserve a refund, but the reality is that an honest person would refund every participant of that challenge IN FULL because she did not fulfill any of the promises she made.
Having spoken to several participants of the challenge, I have learned that none of them received any communications about it and NO prizes were ever awarded.
She insists that I didn't receive any communications because I didn't complete the challenge (false) when it is clear that I was not alone.
She is withholding money which is rightfully mine because she doesn't want to be negatively reviewed online.
In response to her comment, I think my review made it pretty clear that my feelings about EVBC changed recently due to bad experiences, and therefore my review has changed.
I don't think I can be faulted for having a change of heart after feeling that my money was taken with nothing given in return.
Also, my username is my real name, but there is no rule that says it has to be, only a recommendation.
This business owner has no right to share my full name in her response to my review and I have reported it to Yelp.

I have given up on East Valley Boot Camp.
I have sent numerous emails asking questions about using my Groupon and she has never gotten back to me I have recently made 4 different attempts on Facebook I was looking forward to trying out her boot camp this but based on the customer service I have not received I WILL BE TAKING MY BUSINESS ELSEWHERE.

It's a complete scam.
I registered for this March 5th boot camp on February 14th.
They processed my $100.49 and never received any information about where/when to show up.
On the first day I showed up in the general area according to their website and could not find the group.
After contacting them via email and phone I have still not heard back about how to participate for the one month of sessions I've already paid for.
They took my $100 and I am receiving no service or communication.
TOTAL.
SCAM.
Don't waste your money like I did.

Took my money.
Please be careful.
I paid for bootcamp Dec 30th 2011 to start Jan 2 2012.
I showed up first 2 days and no one else did??
I emailed and called.
Someone responded Jan 9th that Kristi the trainer was in hospital and would get back to me.
Never did.
Started leaving messages and emailing all of February with ZERO response ever.
I just today, March 9th 2012, called my bank and they are refunding my money and setting up a claim with East Valley Bootcamp's PayPal account.
I feel better now but have no idea why a business would not return a call or email after several months!!!
Now I read other reviews and I totally get it.
They suck.
End of story.

I purchased a group coupon for  East Valley Bootcamp.
I registered online, twice!
I sent emails asking for more information on the location of the Bootcamp and in my naiveness, I went ahead to the park at 5:15 am.
And no one was there!
I called and received no response.
Luckily,  my money was refunded but I would be very careful using this Bootcamp vendor.
There are many other reliable bootcamps in the valley, choose one of those.

My wife and I signed up for East Valley Bootcamp back in December of 2011 through Groupon.
The deal was very good, and the location was close enough to our house that it allowed for us to get our workout in before leaving for work.
At first, the exercises were well ran by a very friendly couple.
After the first week, our bootcamp was forced to move locations due to the lack of payment to the Town of Gilbert for use of the park we were exercising at.
This was our first hint that this program was not managed well, but we enjoyed the workouts and the people running them.
After our groupon expired, we decided to re-enroll for 6 months and pay up front.
BIG MISTAKE...  Our bootcamp instructors informed us in March that they were not being paid by the owner, and were basically working for free.
After our classes were ultimately cancelled for good, I wrote to the owner and requested a refund for the months that we were shorted due to the sudden class cancellation.
The owner has yet to get back to me, and I would be surprised if we hear any response at all.
My personal opinion is that this business is poorly run, and I would never recommend attending anything put on by East Valley Bootcamp.

