we hired cameron to be our wedding dj.
from the first time we met him we knew he was the right dj for us.
he was chill, but we knew he would keep the party on track.
he had tons of experience, a reasonable pricing structure and a super friendly and helpful demeanor.
it turns out his schedule-keeping skills were mighty important on our wedding day.
the wedding ceremony was over an hour late because of rain, and subsequent hail, during the time we should have been exchanging our vows.
we flip flopped the cocktail hour and the ceremony to allow the rain to clear.
cameron played cocktail music, told our guests to grab a cocktail and appetizers and as soon as the rain let up they'd get to see a wedding.
awesome.
i didn't have to worry about a thing, except perhaps the rain letting up.
which it did.
but now, back to this review.
i'm a last minute kind of girl, even when it came to the wedding, and cameron was not bothered by me a bit!
i called him 3 days before the wedding with my latest brilliant idea - a wedding video for my husband's grandmother who wouldn't be able to attend.
i was in luck - robbie, the videographer, was available and we added the video to our contract at a really fair price.
cameron knew my situation, and he could have charged me double because at that point i believed i really needed a video, but he did the fair and honest thing instead.
i like a business man with ethics.
continuing my theme of last minute decisions, we were still selecting songs to play during the ceremony the day before the wedding, asking questions, and generally being a giant pain in the ass.
being the accommodating wedding dj that cameron is, he took everything in stride, helped us make the final decisions and never showed even an ounce of annoyance toward me.
if i were him, i would have strangled me.
the music selection he had was extensive and fun, and he was happy to add to his collection with a few off the wall selections we just had to have.
he rocked our party with energy and class until the venue made us leave and everyone had a great time.
5 well deserved stars!

When we first met with Robbie and Cameron to discuss doing our wedding video I knew right away they were going to be great.
They have such great personalities and made us very comfortable right away.
They truly love what they do and it really shows.
I did not know how great they were until we got our video and watched it.
I still get emotional thinking about how beautifully they captured our special day.
Robbie used multiple cameras and it was the best idea - she captured so much that we did not see and even the photographer missed.
It was such a precious gift to us to see what a great time our family and friends had at the wedding.
All of the guests thought Robbie was very sweet and polite and made them feel at ease about being filmed.
She had a very long day but she was consistently professional and nice all the way to the end of the event.
She had so many great suggestions and her creativity got some amazing moments on film.
Cameron took at least 7 hours of film and edited it down to one of the best wedding videos I have ever seen (I am not saying that just because it was my wedding!).
All of the important moments were captured and transitions were so smooth and flawless.
The continuity was great - if flowed so well that it really told the story of our day.
Thanks to Robbie and Cameron we have a beautiful record of our special day that we will always treasure.
We had a limited wedding budget and we were very happy with their pricing - it was very reasonable and I think we got an incredible value for the money.

Thank you Cameron for everything you did to make our wedding day that much better.
You not only helped keep the wedding and reception flowing smoothly, but also for taking the time to really care.
You brought multiple ties to make sure you had "just the right color" to match and going out of your way to bring me appetizers!
You were so easy to work with.
If we ever need a DJ or anyone we know does, we will definitely be recommending you!
Thanks again for everything!
Chelsea and Jimmy S.

Thanks Cameron and Robbie for making our wedding a special day with all the captured memories.
Cameron is very creative and easy to work with.
He knows what needs to be accomplished without being invasive.
Production is good with plenty of material to choose from.
Truly a full service company you can trust.

The first thing I want to say about Cameron and Robbie is that from the first moment we met them they became instant friends!
My husband Michael and I absolutely love them!
We booked our engagement photos, wedding photos, and DJ services with 3 Oceans and couldn't be happier!
All of our photos came out wonderful and Robbie really has an artistic eye to capture those great moments.
Cameron was wonderful as our DJ and was invaluable to our wedding ceremony.
He went above and beyond and helped coordinate all of the other vendors so the evening went off without a hitch.
Communication was amazing and every email and phone call was answered promptly and no question was too silly!
At the wedding reception Cameron even wore clothing that fit in with our wedding scheme.
I definitely, most heartedly recommend 3 Oceans for your events!
They are professional, warm and friendly and made our special day amazing!
Thank you so much!

Cameron and Robbie are the Tag Team you want for your wedding.
They are experienced and do a wonderful job.
They handled both our engagement and wedding pictures and We're just blown away with how many excellent pictures we have of these events.
Cameron was the point man at our wedding helping coordinate all the other services and DJ'ing our party.
All of our friends came back with such positive feedback for what a great time it was.
This is an excellent value for a better than fair price and they are a large reason why our special day was such a success.

