A new branch, this one with outdoor seating and umbrellas.
Pitting the Best of the West vs. Best of the East, I ordered the standard two burger In-N-Outer plus a slice of onion, planning to do the same when I got back to the newly opened 5 Guys Burger on Long Island.
The In-N-Out burger overall was good, the lettuce and onion adding crispness, but the burgers themselves were thin, overcooked discs.
However, the sauce was so addictive that my brother had to restrain me from going back and ordering another.
Sorry, West (see my review of the 5 Guys in Huntington Station, N.Y.), the East Coast burgers are plumper, juicer, tastier, and cooked medium, as a burger should be.
One more star for the East.

I can't believe how crowded this place gets!
I figured that meant the food was good, but I was not impressed.
The burger was decent, but the fries were terrible.
Sorry In-N-Out, I'm not that broken hearted you're not in Illinois.
Visit Date: 11/14/09

This is one of the newer In and Out Burger locations and it sits on the corner of a big retail area near the county line.
Overall, there is really no way to go wrong with In and Out.
Every one of the locations offers the same thing.
The value is great which makes it popular with snowbirds.
Five bucks for a single cheeseburger value meal is cheaper and better than McDonalds.
The place is crowded and every time I've been there service has been slow.
But for me it is not really an inconvenience.
People generally order a lot of food when they go there, like for an entire family, so the orders are large.
The bathrooms are extremely clean and from what I can tell the whole place is.
Usually I eat outside under the umbrellas.
Great place, great burger, definitely better than Five Guys.

spotlessly clean and staffed by suspicously polite teenagers.
where are we?
stepford?
it was my first in-n-out experience, and this is by far the jazziest location i have been.
it tasted pretty good too.

Consistent with all In N Out restaurants.
Always awesome.

Visiting the new Fiesta Mall In N Out Burger in Mesa a few times and despising the food, especially the soggy nasty fries, I tried this one in AJ to give it a chance.
It was lunch time and just packed as these places get.
Oddly enough with inside packed, line outside the door and people eating outside, we got in the long drive through line and I don't think we spent too much longer than five minutes.
The fries were awesome and crispy and FRESH and a pretty good burger and nice fattening chocolate shake.
Great, fast service and the food was GOOD!
I think I'll go back some day!

I love In-n-Out and I visit one every chance I get (living in Denver, this is not terribly often).
This is a large, extremely busy, and clean location.
Great customer service and as usual delicious burgers.
Thumbs up!

This place needs about negative 20 stars.
I lived in California before they moved out here.
Coming back to Arizona I thought I was safe from the insanity these locations caused.
I swear I'm in a Fringe (or X-files, for the older Yelpers) episode.
I had a co-worker who made a trip to LA and said one of the reasons was to get a burger from here.
I asked him to stop taking the drugs.
Plain and simple: the tasteless patties on every burger have the consistency of sun-dried cow patties and sadly they may be the best thing on the menu.
Oh and I have a burger like, once a year, since my sister insists that I give it a try since she loves it.
Don't worry I make sure she takes her pills.

Well this lived up to the hype.
For about $4.00 you get a truly excellent burger.
Although it was cooked well instead of medium it still retained it's juiciness.
I thought there was a little too much salt on the patty.
Not so much I didn't still wolf it down.
The fries were standard, not bad but not memorable.
While places like DuMont or Royale make better burgers, I've never had anything this good at this price point.

It's in n out.
If you like it, you like it.
if you don't, you don't.
I like it.
It gets crowded though.
I go during nonlunch/dinner hours.

I love this place, it's convenient, good tasting, and cheap compared to other fast food establishments in the area.
Fries are sliced right there, using whole potatoes!
Burgers are cooked to order.
I love the SPREAD and always ask for extra packets for my dipping sauce for the fries.
It's a taste of mayo, ketchup, and relish - YUM!
Waiting is my biggest complaint, but what can you do?
The best thing is if you haven't been or don't know - check out there SECRET menu online!
Too die for!

Great place for a burger and french fries.
The staff is great.
The only down side is the raw onions, if you get them on your burger, expect to keep tasting them for the rest of the day.
Good burgers for sure.

OMG I love this place!!!
Im from Canada and this is "continentally" good

I'm becoming less and less impressed with In-N-Out.
Being from Illinois I originally thought this was the greatest fast food I had ever tried when I came out to Arizona and had it for the first time, although now I wonder if it is even much better if at all than the likes of Wendy's, Burger King, etc.
The burger really isn't all it is hyped up to be once you have had it a few times.
The fries are worse than most other fast food places, so they try to give you a bunch to make up for that.
It's probably the coolest looking fast food place though and the employees wear neat uniforms.
This particular location gets really crowded, so you may want to go at a good time to actually get a table.
The food is pretty good, but after you have had it a few times you start to realize it's not as great as you originally thought.

Love In-N-Out for what it is.
It has made fast food even faster by simplifying its menu and streamlining service.
It's always packed with people but you still get your food fast.
Plus I really love the fact that there packaging and cups have scripture printed on them.

This is our favorite fast-food joint when we travel out West.
The burgers are awesome and the prices are reasonable.
Restaurants are always clean and many have outdoor seating.
Fries are skinny but good.
Other fast-food restaurants have better fries, but these are still good.

The staff is great.
Complaints about being too friendly are just dumb.
Want to compare this staff with just about any other burger joint in the Valley?
Food's good, fresh and cheap.
Don't find the burgers swell enough?
Houston's has great ones, and only sixteen bucks.
Only downside is the location.
Very crowded entrance/exit from the shopping center and tight parking.

Hamburger with animal sauce is the best.
best fries while they are hot

My non yelp daughter (who I still need to get on board with becoming an avid yelper) and I go here all the time.
We really love their fries.
The burgers are probably my favorite for fast food.
The service is always really fast and the food is hot and fresh.
I hear there are "off menu" items that I am just starting to learn about which is fun.
Prices are great.
Only complaint is the parking lot was very poorly designed.
Going through the drive through is a nightmare at times.
I will say though, I was impressed that one time when there was a really long line then had someone outsite taking additional orders to get them going faster.
That is really great service especially in this AZ heat!

I so wish we had these out East.
Every time I visit the West coast I make it a point to stop at In-N-Out, multiple times.
This location seems to be just as awesome as the rest.
Can't wait until our next vacation!

I don't get this place.
The burgers are super greasy with no flavor even if you order them animal style   the fries were horrible.
And we couldn't all sit at the same table.
This was my second visit needless to say I wont be going back.
I just dont get the hype go to Carl's Jr much better food

Been there twice.
With all the hype you'd think it was out of this world.
I found the burger to be dry, small and overpriced.
Frys were overcooked and flavorless.
BLA.

The best burger joint I have ever had!
Travel a lot, been to many burger places that claim they have the "greatest!
" In and out burger can claim this, hands down!
The sauce on the burger, is unique and tasty, making this place original!
Smart thinking, placing an order taking outside, making the wait time less!

Really great burgers!
I love that I am able to get a burger "protein style" (which just means no bun/but wrapped in lettuce.
) The lettuce is always crisp and fresh, the burger is cooked to perfectly and I am a fan of their "special sauce" which is 1000 Island'ish sauce.
So good!
Sometimes simple is best, and they so burgers right.
Their fries are equally tasty, though I like to get mine well-done so they are extra crispy.
*Side note: If you like their sauce, try the fries "Animal Style" it is pretty awesome!
All in all: great staff, great burgers & fries and clean restaurant.
Minor down fall is sometimes their lines (both indoor & drive-thru) get crazy busy.
So you may have to patiently wait for your meal.

Love in n out.
This location is consistent with all others.
Hits the spot when I get a craving for a burger.
This location is ALWAYS very busy, usually 10-15 min from walk in to having food.

