I have had Yoshi's before and never had a problem.... but I have never been to this one until recently.
It looked clean inside, but as I learned looks can be deceiving.
I wound up with food poisoning the next day.
Worst experience ever!
Try at your own risk.
You have been warned.

I decided to stop by on my way back from ABC decorations.
I saw the place was busy so must mean pretty good food?
Yeah, I was wrong.
Ordered the teriyaki chicken bowl, you cannot go that wrong with it.
The sauce was so sweet.
It was like eating maple sauce with chicken and rice.
Too sweet for my taste.
I should have read the Yelp review before I went there.

If it's good enough for AC Green it's good enough for me.
(Those who have eaten here will know what I mean)  The yaki soba is just a shade above average but it gets bonus points for having a lot of vegetables and being so cheap.

I used to live less than a block away from this place and would eat there lots.
I think this place is really good for what it is.
The price is right, the soba is good and my wife loved the dynamite chicken rice bowl.
An added bonus is the basketball theme for AC Greene fans.
Better for you than Jack in the Box.

Your typical rice bowl joint.
They have some good dishes, but be warned, they tend to be very random with their spicy dishes.
One day its really mild, the next day you feel like a dragon is breathing down your throat.
It is fairly fast during the lunch crowd (even if you see a lot of people lined up) and has decent prices.
Nothing really special to write home about but I'd pick this place over a rice bowl chain.

This used to be a premier rice bowl restaurant and now it has turned into absolute garbage.
The staff is seriously rude, they started using a different chicken, and it doesn't taste or feel the same.
I go now to Yogi's on Camelback for a better experience.

I still love the food here.
it's quick, good and the service has always been great to me.
Sucks that they're trading staff with the Central location.
Oh well..
I haven't been here in years, but ordered my favorite Yakisoba and an egg roll.
I personally think these guys have the best egg rolls.
Also the owner actually works out of this location.
On occasion, Ive seen a few Suns drop in too.
Good times, good stuff!

A bowl of rice and a very nice price and and alot of spice is what makes me come here.
I can get a Salmon bowl with brown rice and and a ton of hot spice for less than $7.
Walk in there is a line leading up to the some registers and meny board on the wall, the usual Jap fair chiken teriaki bowls etc, options for all while meat and the like.
I got for the salmon bowl $5.99, a great way to have fish that is not fried at a decent lunch price.
I find the teriaki sauce a bit much so I order light on the sauce.
for $.25 more you can upgrade to the health factor of brown rice.
Get your bowl and head to the condiment area, there is hot chilli powder, sauce and sliced green onion.
I really appreciate the onions.
I think some of the low scores come from the fact japanese food just does not have the flavor punch that Chinese and Thai do.

I like the food here but since the new staff took over a couple of months ago the service is horrible.
Staff is non friendly especially the lady at the cash register.
If you go past 1130am during the weekday plan on waiting 10-15 mins to get your food.
I go here daily and this is the case 9 times out of 10.
I keep going because I like the food and its healthy.
Taking advantage of the 15% off from lunchclub and getting a stamp each visit keeps me coming back.
Wouldn't suggest this place unless you can be very patient and ok with their cold attitude.

I work close to yoshis and for quick and cheap sushi rolls, it works!
The chicken bowl was also delicious with lots of veggies.
This is my third time here since March and today I saw they just added a crepe station where you can get nutella, fruit and other sweet goodies as toppings; there are also savory options.
I would definitely choose this place over samurai sams or kyoto.

They say you get what you pay for, prices are fantastic, and food was surprisingly good, I live a block away and plan to continue going here for some quick sesame chicken!

A hot, quick lunch of healthy, real food for about $5.
What a deal!
I love that you can get brown rice at no extra charge and they will make non-spicy dishes spicy upon request.

Healthy food that's quick and cheap

Had lunch here yesterday, it wasn't bad.
I do wish their bowls were a little larger so there is room to get the food from the bottom of the bowl.
I don't want to just eat the protein off the top then only eat the vegetables, then only eat the rice.

I looked this place up online because it's right down the street.
I saw that you can get salmon but replace the rice for noodles.
So I went down there.
Because I don't like rice.
So I go in there and say, "I'll take the salmon and replace the rice for noodles" This chick said, "nah, we only do salmon on Friday's".
I said, "ok, cool whatcha got for me, baby?
" She said, "try the yakisoba bowl if you like noodles".
It was excellent.
Service was great.

Very good spicy teriyaki - I come here all the time.

Best Japanese fast food in the valley.
Great staff, clean.

The 3 stars given on this review are for the food, which is fantastic and reasonably priced.
The Teriyaki Chicken bowl is very good and my favorite is the Sesame Chicken bowl.
The reason I don't give this place 4 or 5 stars, is the consistent rudeness\slowness of the staff during the weekday lunch hour.
I go as often as once a week, but often nobody is managing the counter, or they ignore the customers for a bit, or they give dirty looks when taking orders.
Go for the food, not the service.

good customer service but overpriced low quality sushi.

i may have been here a few time but i hate myself in the morning.
the food is ok nothing great and some of it down right nasty.
the crowd ranges from business type to hoodlums.
now that i am not working in that hood anymore i will never set foot in here again.i;m sure.

Dinner was great.
Had the large beef bowl; beef, broccoli, and rice.
Very delicious and satisfied my hunger.
Friendly staff and great cook.
Thanks!

Ordered the Sesame Chicken extra Spicy...and it came out quick and hot.
The rice was very nice...done to perfection.
I will def be back to try more items from the menu

"Have a rice day!
"  Solid rice bowls for quick, savory, reasonably priced meals.
Having been a patron of Yoshi's on and off for nearly ten years, they are consistent; clean, a flair for local sports, considerate service, and flavorful rice bowls.
Unforgiving reviews for the sushi seem erroneous, as countless places offer things on their menu that I steer away from, and that doesn't say anything about why I do go there.
Substitutions are easily acquired, so if there is something that one wants to stay away from, like raw meats or a certain spice, they are very willing to accommodate.
The Sumo Bowl could easily feed one, but it wouldn't be able to sit in their snug booths to eat it; for those of us who practice the art of the belly grab a chair at a table or even outside if summer has relented.
On the corner, plenty of parking, easy in and easy out, makes Yoshi's great take out.

Was a customer almost daily until today...I got the teriyaki bowl with vegetables and rice and come to find out that the bowl was recycled.
Not the bowl itself the rice.
There is rice with sauce and vegetables in the bottom then there's another layer of smash rice then the veggies and the chicken...adding picture

