Because I am currently unemployed, I had to share the great find that AMC theaters only charge $5 for matinees!
I went to see Law Abiding Citizen at 11:30am.
There were only two other people in the theater.
It was lovely.
I basically had stadium seating all to myself!
By the way, if you haven't seen Law Abiding Citizen you should do so!
It has a great story line and keeps you at the edge of your seat throughout the movie.

This is a decent Mall based movie theater.
The AMC movie theaters always seem to have a little audio bleed in from the surrounding theaters and this is no exception.
If you have a loud movie next to you, expect to hear bits of it.
The area is clean and pretty nice.
The AMC clips they have  (turn of your cell phone, no talking, etc.
) are old and scratchy and didn't fit in the screen.
They need some updating.

I love going to the movies!
This theater is conveniently attached to Arrowhead Mall on the north side...there is a Starbucks next door and the food court is just slightly above.
If you take public transportation, the bus stops in front of the walkway to the ticket counter.
Parking can get tight like all malls and theaters.
There's even an amphitheater area on the other side of the entrance for you to finish a conversation or for the kiddos waiting for their parents.
The theater itself is good.
Plenty of bathroom stalls for the ladies!
Open concession area (although I have never seen any of the other concession stands open other than the main one), wide hallways, and clean.

I remember when this was the best theatre in the west valley.
The theatre needs a remodel.
It is older and a little tired looking.
The last time I went there I was not impressed.
Parking is never good since this location is at the mall.

This theatre is very conveniently located in the Arrowhead mall which of course makes parking a breeze.
It isn't my favorite in town because there always seem to be tons of teenagers here (i'm sure BECAUSE it is in the mall) and yes I know if they are too loud then we are too old.
In any case the theatres are busy and bustling.
The concessions seem very high but I guess that is a trade-off for the convenience.

I love being able to go to an early movie and only paying $5 to see a movie.
Which is a good thing- because cheap is NOT the adjective that can be used to describe the concession stands.

The seats are very uncomfortable.
The first two we sat in were broken.
They are old and dirty.
We went to see the screening of a Metropolitan Opera performance.
There was quite a bit of sound from the theater next door.
The popcorn tastes like it has been sitting for a while.
The imitation butter has no butter flavor.
You have to put it on yourself so the top of the bag is soaked and the bottom has none.
There is no flavored salt like the Harkin Theater provide.
The Met has a great program in a poor venue.

You wait in a single line that is covered and INFESTED WITH PIGEONS POOPING and cooing over your head.
It STINKS and bird poop is everywhere.
Then you enter and think every things OK.
The theater is old and very stained, dirty and STINKS from filth and the chairs don't rock either.
My husband thought he was hungry and tried a soft pretzel from the concession stand.
I took a bite, It was covered in FAKE Butter and the pretzel was like bread Styrofoam.
It's a throw out.
I am NEVER seeing a movie here again everything about this place stinks.
I need my real camera to photo the pigeon infestation.

WOW I saw a movie there on Weds night with the kiddo's in one of the newly remodeled theater's.
Forget Harkin's I am never going anywhere else.
Plush, Luxurious, Wide, Power Lazy Boy like Recliners that go all the way back in banks of 2 with arm's that lift up.
Awesome.
Only drawback is the wife and I missed half the movie because we fell asleep.

Theater is in a great location as it is attached to the Arrowhead mall.
A lot of kids running around the outside of the theater, but to be expected due to its location.
The theater has recently been renovated and is top notch.
Very modern looking and the seats are awesome.
The concession stand has also been redone and is very nice.
Prices at the concession stand are expensive, but I figured I can't ding the theater for that since all theater's concessions stands are the same in this day and age.
Staff are very friendly and courteous.
I am very happy with the recent changes, and if you have not been back since the renovations you really need to.
I definitely will be dropping by here more than the Harkins down the block now a days!

They now have recliners in some of the theaters.
I hope they don't change the prices, because this is now my favorite place to stop and catch a flick.

I work with a girl who has autism, and I brought her to the movies.
The staff were very respectful and friendly.
They have clearly given their employees excellent disabilities awareness training, which is refreshing.
Definitely a business worth supporting.

Not bad.
Smaller theater.
You go inside to purchase tickets.
There is no outside box office so the other reviewer is mistaken about the pigeon poop, unless they remodeled since then.
The Woman's bathroom on the east side is very small with only three stalls and the floors were dirty.
On the plus side the service was great.
Very nice folks and plentiful staff on site.
The seats also recline, which is very nice.
Things that could be better; the movie is way too loud.
The booming noise of the movie next door interfered with our very loud movie too.
For some reason there were a lot of folks running up and down the aisles tonight.
The floors/stairs/aisles are really echoey for sure.
They make a lot of noise when you are just walking down them forget when you are running or jumping.
It sounded like an earthquake.
Very distracting.
The theater is really a three star review but I upped it to four for the nice treatment I received.

Great location next to the mall has reclining seats but I think the seats at amc esplanade in the Biltmore is better.this theatre is cheaper though!like others have said when people walk down the stairs in the theatre it is loud...other then that great movie going experience and they have the soda machines with over 100 options(3 of them)

ok, I like to go to the movies, so my friend Mary and I went to the AMC to see the Woody Allen movie.
they have these electric recliners that are awesome.
Who cares what was playing, the seats are the BOMB!!!
you have got to go there are make sure you ask about the seats.
this gives me another reason to F**k Harkins!!

I've been to this theater many dozens of times since I was just a teen.
It's changed quite a bit recently.
They remodeled the bathrooms AND theaters.
They put in electric recliners (better than Lazy Boys!
) in the theater.
Now there's plenty of legroom and you still have a cupholder.
They've done away with the box office outside where the supposed "pigeon poop" might be, which really is no big deal because you can buy your tickets at the touchscreen ticket kiosk or at Guest Services inside.
This is now my favorite Go-To theater.
.and honestly, "pigeon poop" on the outside ??
There are many many other theaters that aren't half as good as this theater  on the inside.
Pigeons must've nailed her in the head or in her Starbucks or something.

This theater has basically been here since the mall first opened in the mid-late 1990s.
It was wonderful at first and then it gradually became run down as most places do after a couple decades.
I gradually found myself going to other theaters for this reason.
Today was a fluke that my hubs and I ended up here.
We received free movie passes and decided to give this newly renovated and upgraded theater a try again when going to see Riddick and wow, the theater is so much neater and streamlined.
I love the self automated soda fountains where you can add your own flavors in.
I love being able to choose seats while buying tickets so you don't have to worry about finding seats (when it's already pitch dark because you waited too long to drive to the theater and are grateful there are previews.
But who procrastinates like that anyway?
)   The automated reclining seats are extremely comfortable!!
I almost felt like I was in Scottsdale at iPic, but instead I was right here at an AMC theater on the "west side" of town.
It's about time!

Super disappointed with the seating.
If your going to offer movies in the crappy theater rooms.
Have more show times

Yes, I've been bitten by "come, enjoy and possibly take a nap in our recliners" bug.
I hate to admit it as I really hate lazy boy chairs, but the recliners in a movie theater are an awesome idea.
Another thing I hate are mall theaters, especially the ones with hidden, narrow, basement like entrance.
Well apparently I hated them until I got to this one.
Took my son to see Frozen.
It looked crammed when we opened the door and got in, but the line moved so quick that in about 30 seconds we were at the ticket counter.
Impressive.
I love that you pick seats, even tho we couldn't pick two seats together (that's what you get for being late).
However the nice lady that had seat next to my son offered to switch seats with me - another win!
Kids seem to like the soda machines, I like that it adds up to clean and upgraded look.
The show rooms seem smaller than in other AMCs but I prefer that.
The reclining chairs are nice and clean.
Even if you put them all the way down, there is still about 12in space in front, in case someone needs to go by.
I did not see any leftover popcorn or garbage.
The only thing that sucked is that bathrooms are really small, just 2-3 stalls.
But hey, not everything can be perfect I guess

Love the Lazy Boy styled reclining chairs and wider aisles.
So comfortable and cozy.
All that was missing was a pillow and blankie.
LOL   I'm diggin' the serve yourself candy , that helps move the concessions lines along much faster.
Loved that I could select my seating at the time of ticket purchase.
I'm waiting for the technology that allows me to order my popcorn and drinks delivered to my chair, so I don't have to struggle to carry my soda and popcorn up the stairs .... is that wrong ?

Giving this AMC a review after the remodel.
This place rocks!
I've seen many movies throughout my life here at Arrowhead but none quite like the past few since the amazing remodel here.
Now each seat reclines like a lazy boy and they are spaced more apart and now have assigned seating.
We just got done seeing the Hobbit which with previews is solid 3 hours of movie time.
Made the time pass and really nice to enjoy the film.
The only reason I don't give it 5 is that AMC really nickels and dimes people.
The prices are very high compare to other theaters.
I would suggest buying the tickets at Costco before hand.
The popcorn is more expensive ($8 large) and they even charge you 50cents for a mini popcorn seasoning shaker as well!!
Other theaters have this for free to use by the butter.....Seems to me that they are raising prices to pay for the new seats?
Anyways, for some movies the increase is totally worth it, for some might not be.
Overall I do really enjoy watching a movie here at Arrowhead and will watch many more here in the future!

Since redoing the theater, it is amazing.
Great place to watch a movie, and its hard for me to want to go somewhere else.
My husband says the seats get really hot, but I don't think so.
The only thing I don't like it the small entrance and the new self serve drinks.
It seems to take people longer to get their drinks and get out of the way, making it a huge traffic jam.
Overall great theater and movie experience.

I have mixed feelings about the AMC Arrowhead 14.
I will give it 5 stars for comfort and 1 star for convenience.
When we arrived, the movie we were planning to see was sold out for the next 2 shows.
So, we decided on another movie, which was sold out for the next show and the one after only had front row seating.
We decided to buy tickets for the next available showing of the movie we came to see.
When purchasing the tickets, we found out that there are hardly any seats in each theater and that is why all of the shows were sold out.
So, we bought our tickets and passed time for a few hours by walking around the mall (maybe that is their business plan).
When it finally came time to see the movie, we walked in and saw the gigantic chairs that were taking up all of the space in the small theater.
They were by far the most comfortable movie seats I have ever experienced in a theater!
Maybe too comfortable.
It is extremely easy to fall asleep in these large, plush, reclining seats.
If the movie is terrible, like the one we went to, it can be a huge bonus to be able to take a comfy nap during the movie.
However if it is a good movie, that might end up being a problem.
I am not sure if they take reservations for the movies here, but if they do, I would highly recommend purchasing your tickets prior leaving for the theater.
It will save you a lot of time waiting around for the movie and you will still get to enjoy the huge comfy chairs!

You were happy when they put in the new stadium recliners and ability to reserve seats.
It has made it much easier for a group to go to the theaters and sit together.
I gave them only four stars because I don't like the new concession stand because the popcorn is not fresh and it is not staffed very well.

Love it love it love it!
Reclining leather seats; $5.00 early shows; self serve Coke products; you reserve your seats when you buy your tickets and you can cruise the mall until the movie starts.
Doesn't get more comfortable!

I can't remember what movie we saw here last December while visiting my family, but I do remember how awesomely comfortable we were.
It was a fantastic surprise when we walked in and saw the large, heavily padded and reclining seats for our averagely priced matinee showing.
Other than my visits to Muvico, which you do pay extra for, I don't recall more comfortable or spaced out seating for such a great price.
We had arrived, livin' large!
;) They let us choose our seats when we purchased our tickets, which I have seen before but usually at a premium ticket price, so as I said, this was a welcome surprise.
The theater itself was quite bright and clean.
My only complaint, which may or may not be the theater's doing, is the valet parking (at a mall, really?
) was quite confusing.
I parked and then my party headed in to meet the rest of our party, and on the way saw a valet sign near our row.
It just wasn't clear and I felt I had to go move the car just in case.
This is one of those malls where the parking lot is almost bigger than the mall itself and parking is always a hassle, and we were short on time.
It was just unclear and inconvenient, but other than that, stellar movie experience!
Oh, and the movie was The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug, also excellent!
I'd really like to be a cool dragon, for the record.

Wide, comfortable, reclining chairs perfect for cuddling and watching a movie?
Yes please!
So worth the extra $3 it costs over Harkins.

One of my favorite theaters.
This is a very comfortable movie experience with leather recline seats, stadium seating, and plenty of leg room.
I do like the assigned seating but it is kind of a bummer I can't buy my tickets with fandango.
Still, I highly recommend this theatre.

Upscale move watching is the way to go, the only downfall is you have to book your tickets early and we have trouble planning anything.
However, we love going to this place as a family.
It really is a different movie experience and they do not charge extra for the large sofa like seating.
You can even refill your own soda here adn the service is great.
Do not book your tickets on the Flixster app on iphone since it does not allow you to choose your seats.

My family and I really enjoyed this theater especially the nice and cozy leather lazy boy seats that recline!
We took in the 140PM matinee show for just $5 per person you certainly will not be able to watch a new release movie with comfort for that price.
The concessions are your typical high AMC prices but with your AMC stubs card you can save some money.
I would not recommend going to this theater after matinees as the theaters are rather small and I am sure real crowded hence the reserve seating.
AMC is the best value in town when it comes to your traditional theaters.
Move over and catch up Harkins.

This is the best theater in town!
Once you go here, you never want to go anywhere else.
We tried to watch a movie at Harkins last week, and it felt so ghetto.
I really like the reserved seating, the leather seats, the soda machines, and the service is always good.
We are spoiled rotten by this movie experience!

What kind of theater does not have Dr. Pepper?
Wow.
The beverage "trough" stations are always messy and sticky.
I dunno, this is just not my place I guess and it seems like always a problem here with something.
I think I am just going to suggest hitting up one of the other AMC's in the area or another chain.

This was my first visit to this particular theatre and overall it was not a good experience for me.
There are some good things about it which I will talk about and the not so good things that led to the 2 star rating.
Now the good things.
It is really a beautiful place.
I knew it was being remodeled for the longest time and it turned out really nice.
The box office is inside and it is with guest services station so no waiting outside in the hot as heck AZ summer heat and occasional bad weather.
I absolutely love their "serve yourself" soda fountains.
Its one of those that has like 100 different drink options and its out in the open outside of their food ordering station.
So no more waiting in line behind people ordering food if you just want a refill - its in its own separate area and there is of course more than 1.
Their chairs are a nice experience.
Soft, comfortable leather seats that can recline all the way into an almost bed-like state.
This kind of seating is perfect for your next movie date night.
The bad stuff that I'm sure you are curious about by now.
Since this was my first visit, I had no idea that you must pick out assigned seating for yourself and whatever guest(s) you bring.
The movie my husband and I were going to see was Spider-Man 2 which came out yesterday, May 2nd.
We ended up using a self-checkout kiosk because we were waiting in line for 5 mins behind a lady and her children and I didn't want to wait anymore.
As he was selecting our movie (second morning show at 9:45am), he calls me over and asks me about assigned seating.
I look on the screen and only the first 2 rows closest to the screen were available with the rest blocked out.
I was so confused at this point.
How can all but the first 2 rows be reserved so early in the day?
I should've went to pay with the cashier so I could talk to someone about this and I do regret not doing so but we continued on with the self-checkout.
Lo and behold when we got to our theatre, we were the only ones there.
We first sat at our initial assigned seating in the first row and we knew with the seats reclined all the way, it would not do.
Anyone who has watched a movie in the first few rows know how uncomfortable it is.
Maybe 15 mins has passed by this point and only a few more people have sat down.
We thought we would just move further back and get more comfortable.
I think it was about 10 mins before the show started, the people for the row we were in came by and reserved it.
Frustrated, hubby and I left the show completely.
I asked for a refund at guest services and they were polite and helpful about it.
I do acknowledge that a lot of this frustration and misunderstanding is on me and I own that.
I have never heard of a movie theatre forcing you to reserve seats and never would I expect it to.
I can certainly understand the need to make reservations for some events but this one I just cannot understand.
If someone can explain it to me, I would actually love it.
Happy ending though.
Since it was still early enough in the day, we went to our usual theatre, AMC 30 @ Deer Valley to catch our show at 11am with our refund in hand.
AMC 14 did not have another showing until 1pm and that was way too late as we had other obligations to tend to.
So for new releases or any big, popular movies, try to buy your tickets early online and reserve your seating then.
Walking in will get you the worst seats in the house.
With Spider-Man 2, we should've probably bought them the day before, at the very least.

The transformation is amazing!
This place went from disgusting to being the BEST Theater in Town.
The reserved seating is kind of cool too.
Thank You AMC!

When we moved to the area, we came from a small town with 1 old, always dirty, uncomfortable movie theater.
This was freaking amazing!
We'd never been to a theater with seats that recline & were so spacious.
I always avoided the movies back home because the seats were SO close to the next person, I felt claustrophobic.
Not here, tons of comfy space without someone in "my bubble.
" I love that fact that you reserve seats ahead of time.
Sure, you pay more but it's soooo worth it.
I also just discovered that movies during the weekdays are only $5!
I can't imagine going to any other theater & enjoying it now that we've been to this one.

Love the seats and assigned seating.
Very clean was surprised at how much it had changed since the last time I was there 16 years ago

Don't hesitate to take the trip out here!
Love the new theatre!
Love the new everything!
Theaters are a bit cozy but exceeds in comfort.
And don't forget to join the stubs program!
For the frequent movie goers like my self.
It's the cheapest route!

First I'll say that the only reason this isn't a 1-star review is that they have some phenomenal seating available.
Nice electric recliners with plenty of room are the only way to watch a movie!
Unfortunately, these scumbags made us sit through 21 minutes of ads before the movie started.
That's no exaggeration or guess--the movie was scheduled for 7:00 and started at 7:21.
After paying for premium seats and the premium cost of food and drinks, making us sit through 21 minutes of ads is completely unacceptable.
We won't be back again.
Other premium theaters like iPic spare you from ads and start on time.
We're all used to insanely over-priced popcorn, but at least at some theaters you get butter.
Not so here, just some awful "butter flavor topping" that you can apply.

OK, back when I was in middle/high school, I would come here occasionally and never really enjoyed my experiences.
However, it was close to home and it was part of the mall, so why not?
I believe the last time (before this past weekend) that I went here was when I was dragged to see Twilight with a bunch of friends.
Wow, how it has changed since then!!!!
It is completely different now!
You used to have to buy tickets outside in a separate booth, which was a bit awkward.
However, now you walk inside (a definite plus when it is 110 degrees+ here!
) and buy tickets there.
We were all a bit thrown off since none of us have been here in a while, but we walked inside and went up to the counter anyway.
We wanted to see Edge of Tomorrow which we had heard good things about, but it has been out in theaters for a while now.
We were extremely shocked to find out that the showing was sold out--we definitely were not expecting that!
However, we decided to just do some shopping and come back for the next showing 2 hours later.
Just in case, we bought our tickets right away.
It was a little confusing because it told us to choose our seats; they have assigned seats now, I guess!
It also didn't seem right, since there weren't very many options...
I thought, "Maybe they are just sections?
" We soon found out that this was not the case... the theater we were to see the film in simply had about 20 seats!
Next, we thought, "Wow, it must be a tiny theater!
"  We eventually got in to our theater at the end of the hall and discovered that it was indeed quite small, but it was not too bad.
However, we were very pleasantly surprised to see massive, reclining, extremely comfortable chairs!
Our section of 4 seats took up the space of at least 6 or more seats in a regular theater!
We were definitely happy about this!
:) So, yes, it was a little small, but it was definitely worth it since it was almost like a private showing for a decent price!
Not that many showed up for this showing either-- I guess the earlier showing was full because the tickets were super cheap before 12pm.
Overall, it was a very pleasant experience.
They even have those really cool soda machines with tons of choices!
The best part is, you don't have to have the employees fill your drinks for you either.
They also seemed to have healthier snack choices at the concessions stand too.
Altogether, it was a much better experience than I've ever had in an AMC before, and it was definitely a massive improvement to what was there at Arrowhead before!

I love the leather reclining chairs and reserving your seats.

Where have you been all my life, AMC with reclining chairs and reservations?
Even the airlines don't treat you this well anymore!
Best place I have EVER seen a movie.
I am a regular now!
Either go with a recliner or go somewhere else!

I'm a huge fan of the AMC Esplanade but decided to check this location out as a possible alternative.
If you're familiar with Esplanade seating, the seats are a hybrid of the Cinema Suites and the Fork & Screen seats.
They were a little more comfortable than Fork & Screen but not quite as comfy as the Cinema Suites.
There is nothing wrong with this theater but it's unlikely that I'll return because I truly am spoiled at The Esplanade.
I'd also forgotten that the Cinema Suites showings don't allow children... a fact I remembered while we were seated next to noisy children at this theater.

Awesome!!!!
Love the seating.
Chairs are totally comfy and the assigned seating is great.
The food is VERY PRICEY though.
And they run out of ice a lot

