Did you know that it is very expensive to take a king comforter and /or mattress pads to a cleaners?
Been years since I have had to look for a laundromat with large capacity drums for king comforters/mattress pads as I had a large capacity washer before I moved.
I saw a few reviews and decided to go for the 16 mile drive.
Vera's is clean and had 5 large capacity front load washers.
I used them all.
There are approx.
36 standard size washers and 22 large front load dryers.
Nothing was out of order.
There is laundry service available.
It was quiet when I got there on a Monday in the early afternoon.
By the time I left it was 5 PM and it was getting busy.
There is a single, clean bathroom available.
There are a few seats inside and some plastic lawn chairs outside.
A small flat screen TV tuned to CNN for some noise.
For the price of cleaning 2 comforters I was able to clean and dry 1 king comforter, 4 king mattress pads and 2 blankets.
I'll be back to clean my sleeping bags.

These guys are the best!
I have used there drop off service and in house laundry for years and have never been disappointed.
Very friendly owner and staff as well.
I should have written this review a year ago but it really sparked when they included $80 that I had left in one of my pockets on this last trip.
Love these guys!

The first and last time I went, this place was crowded.
It seemed a little out of date to me, and the people that were here didn't speak English and let their children run around barefoot while screaming.
(Not trying to be racist at all, that kind of behavior is just annoying) Needless to say, I'm sure I can find a better place to do laundry until my landlord fixes my dryer.

Vera's was great!
Fast, reliable, and everything was well done.
They even found money in my pocket and put it in a little bag for me.
I had no idea I had even left money in my pocket.
Very nice people.

Note: I did not use any of the machines; my review is based on the was, fluff, and fold service.
My washer and dryer went on strike.
It was one of those weekends I had too much stuff to do, and worrying about my laundry was the last thing I wanted to add onto my list.
I called Vera's and the woman I spoke to was very helpful.
I decided to take a leap of faith and hauled my dirty laundry up to the shop (including the still-wet denim I pulled out of the washer when it stopped, mid cycle).
She explained she would weigh everything after she dried it because my jeans would have cost so much more while wet, for which I was thankful!
My laundry was finished before the time estimated, and everything was neatly folded or hung up and bagged for me to pick up.
The facility, itself, was very clean - notably clean.
I didn't use any of the machines, myself, but if I had to, this would be a place I'd consider it; but with how affordable the wash service was, I don't know if I'd go any other way.
Now that my washer and dryer are fully functioning, I'm trying - really hard - to stay motivated to do my own wash instead of outsourcing all laundry to Vera's!

The machines work, they have a TV, the staff are very helpful and polite.
The decor well it 's a laundry Matt   Outdated butt clean.

