They were open at 5:49 am.
This was a big deal for us!
We were on an early flight home on a Monday morning, so it was nice to have breakfast before we boarded our plane.
A grande Awake Tazo, a bowl of oatmeal, a tall nonfat latte and a danish, as well as a bottle of Fiji water for the plane, cost $16.27.

Love: skinny Carmel latte~ Carmel java chip frappaccino ~ egg salad sandwich ~ Caprese panini  The rewards program also offers decent perks.

This review for the one at Gate C5:  Thankful they open at 5am... gotta have my caffeine for these early morning trips, but this one seems to short my cup no matter what size.
What's that all about?

drinks are great just not the employees.
Very inconsiderate, chatting with eachother while there's a long line of customers.

This is your basic airport Starbucks.
Expect long lines, high prices and marginal service and you wont be disappointed.

This Starbucks was a bit difficult to find at first.
It is stuck in a place that is small and when the line gets long you have to like fit together to order and to be able to be close enough to hear your name called.
I think they were doing construction of some kind that is why the wall was so close to the entrance of this location .
The staff was only in a rushing mood.
"What do you, how do you want it, pay me now and move on..." So do not expect any real kindness.
The line was so long.
I mean I had time, only because I am addicted to their green and really wanted some before I got on my flight.
So what better way to spend the time then to wait in love for something you love.
I got through to the cash register quickly, but waited a lot longer then I would have liked for just some shaken green tea.
The prices were not too bad for being an airport, of course they are a bit higher, but I got the green tea and a cinnamon coffee cake for $6 bucks.
Not ridiculous I suppose.
Its there, that is pretty much it.

Due to the airport remodel, Gate C5 is now Gate C16.
Same location, same so-so expectations.
What is new these days is the BLONDE ROAST coffee that is being pushed in all locations, except here.
They sell the beans, the Via, put up banners...  and yet, none brewed.
C'mon!
WTF?
This is the difference between corporate-owned and franchise Starbucks stores.
Same beans, different brand of service and higher prices.
Staff is nice and do their best to keep the lines down.
Can't ask for much at an airport.

they do not accept giftcards  my coconut mocha tasted like chocolate ice  plus, they took a LONG time especially since I was the only customer there.

Oh Airport Starbuckses.
So important to life, yet so poorly reviewed.
I love you Airport Starbuckses.
Without you my flight would be so much more disappointing.
Also, thank you for still making the Salted Carmel Mocha (even though you are all out of the Salt Topping).
Never Change Airport Starbuckses.

Ok this place just gets 3 stars...
Here's the positive: your in a captive environment so thankfully it's here, the staff is always very friendly and work with a sense of urgency, the coffee is always on par....
Here's the not so good: There's no seating at all, there's always a pretty big line, the costs are around 25% higher than your used to paying for the same drink elsewhere and they don't give you any stars if you use your gold card.

Hooray for caffeine!
As you can imagine the airport location is always busy.
This crew has their operation flowing smoothly.
The line was a bit longer but I had the time to wait for my morning brew.
They were quick to take orders so the line moved quite fast.
It did however seem to take a little more time for my order to finish though.
I do understand how busy and hectic it can be.
But as always, my order was perfect and very tasty!
Since I always have my Starbucks card, it's an easy choice when choosing where to get my coffee.
And they open at 4:30 am for those early morning flights which is always a bonus.
Thanks Starbucks for starting my day off with a kick!

