So disappointed.
So I went to PT's Place on 05/22/10 after having a bad experience at Pt's pub on sahara.
We literally left sahara and came to this location.
We have been here before and never had a problem.
This night was busy, but I mean not anything that a bartender can't handle.
We sat there for I don't know how long without any recognition, the bartend came to our side of the bar and never asked us if we needed anything even though there was 4 of us and 1 soda in front of us that didn't even belong there.
After a good 10 or so minutes, probably longer, we decided to leave.
Strike 2 Pt's we used to love you.

if you are in this bar, you have to del with johnny as your bartender, he definitely makes the experience  a good one.
without johnny it may not be quite what i experienced

This place Is kinda like "Cheers" where everybody knows your name... except In this bar everyone forgets It the next day.
Great memories and moments can develop here and the happy hour roks!
It starts nightly after12pm and you can get a club card to earn points for drinking and munching.

Great Bar.
I guess some other PT's dont serve food.
Well this one does.
I went with the cheesesteak with whiz and fries.
Both are delicious and the best Ive had outside of philly.
They play Broncos games so im happy.
Lots of seating at the bar, and tables and couch seating.
Your only a stranger once here, and the other bar patrons are very friendly.
Good happy hour specials and The Frosted mugs.
I shall be here each time my Broncos Play.
:) And try the Zookie.

This place is awesome Saturday night kareoke is fun and happy hour special from midnight til 3am food and drink can't beat that great place

Since Big Dogs on Nellis and Owens went away, we needed a local watering hole.
We found this place a few blocks from the house.
The drinks are cold, the food is tasty and very affordable, and the service is fantastic.
Definitely beats the other places in Sunrise Manor.

Came here for my sister in laws bday and ended up staying 2 min.. Bartender Jeremy or johnny or something made this whole experience horrible.. We came around midnight waited way to long outside to be buzzed in..
Asked another person in our party to open the door for us.. And right when we got in that bartender with an attitude was flashing his flashlight all over screaming for our IDs and told the person in our party that if he ever opened the door for anyone again he would be kicked out.. Well we didn't have it and the whole group left.. What bad customer service.. You let us wait outside for so long but didn't waste any time to ask for our iDs right when we come in...
Honestly if you don't like working the graveyard shift as a bartender there then you should quit.. We came to celebrate something nice and I wouldn't say you ruined the night for us but you sure did damper it..

Day shift is the best.
If you need a beer or want to play for a while, day shift bartender Fatia will totally take care of you.
She is bomb.
Leave her a good toke, because she is the best.

