I like and trust Dr. Ganem and intend to continue with him as long as I am in the area or at least as long as he is on my insurance.
He has a relaxed yet direct and honest communication style that is very refreshing.
In my several visits with the good doctor and his staff I have had overall good experiences and I would recommend him.
At this point I am docking from 5 stars based on what can best be considered a glitch in the administration of prescriptions and samples as executed through the support staff at the practice.
This resulted in my taking medication with undesirable side-effects...a medication which was apparently not the first choice for my needs.

Dr. Ganem is as good as they come.
Very professional with excellent communication skills and a thorough knowledge of his discipline.
He brings the complicated world of cardiology to your level.
You will know exactly where you stand after each visit.
His staff and office are a pleasure to work with.
I fly here from Indiana just to see him.

Got us in right away.
The lady who answered the phone and the drs are wonderful.
I recommend these Cardiologists if you are looking for one.
My hubby had to go to Mayo Clinic for a different issue, and they insisted on doing a full workup, including cardiology stuff--didn't find anything different than what Dr Ganem said (AND, they mayo EKG gal didn't do the EKG right and was frightened that my hubby was having a heart attack as she did the test and kept panickedly asking him if he was ok, and he was very relaxed!).
So, if Mayo is the best, Dr Ganem and East Valley Cardiology are also the best, as they have better EKG techs!
I read on here that Dr Ganem doesn't have good bedside manner.
He was a little cool, but in no way did I feel uncomfy around him.
Dr Einhorn, his associate, is my cardiologist, and he is very funny and engaging.
if you are looking for good drs, choose either of these guys.
if you want entertainment, probably Dr Einhorn, then, as you'll get fun and good doctoring.
Dr Ganem has a great reputation and there's a reason.
He's that good.
But you probably won't be able to get any funny jokes out of him.

Recently, my husband had an appointment with  Dr. Ganem who usually sent him home with a pat on the back telling hubby that he is fine as his condition worsens.
This time, hubby went into the office armed with his wife!
And Dr. Ganem, who usually comes in quick, took almost an hour to see us this time.
Fine we'll wait.
Cause I had questions that needed to be answered.
My issue is that this cardiologist seems like he was bothered by my questions, as if I was taking up his time.
First of all, he is paid and my husband is in pain.
So, I figured he owed us the time we're paying him for.
Hubby seems to like him.
But as for me, he has a lot to prove.
We will be looking for another cardiologist in the near future.

This was a great experience.
I was able to get an appointment within a few days of referral and all tests with one week.
When I met with Dr Ganem he took the time to listen and answer all of my questions even stating he was there to make sure all my concerns were addressed.
His "bedside" manor was great and was by far one of the best physicians I have ever dealt with.

Dr. Ganem is very arrogant and condescending.
He comes off as inconsiderate and rude when you meet him.
He may be a good doctor, but he lacks character.
I need his clearance for a procedure that allows me to be able to eat, and he was so irritated that I called the emergency number and requested he call me.
My other doctor would not perform the procedure until Dr. Ganem sent a clearance form.
His staff is just as bed, especially their billing department.
They could not explain charges on a bill, and admitted they were wrong.
They removed some, and then tried to make excuses as to why the others were charge.
After agreeing to an amount to pay, she took my payment and then slammed the phone down on me.
I would never recommend anyone to this doctor.

