One of their sales guys has tourettes.... five stars!

Cow town Apple Store and I are friends.
San Tan Village is a crazy mall with a terrible design and even worse parking, but the Apple Store's good in my book.
It's much faster to get service here than the Chandler location, the crowds are usually thinner, and in my experience their repairs are done quickly and with plenty of care.
It is a smaller store and doesn't have as much hardware on display, but the service is great and there are still plenty of demo systems.
And if you're an older or less experienced Mac owner, I've seen people running the gamut from 8 to 80 in here getting excellent help from the Genius Bar crew and One-to-One instructors.
I wouldn't hesitate to send my grandma to this location for whatever she needed.

In August 2010, I purchased my first Mac computer.
I will never use a PC again.
Not only is the Mac wonderful, so is the staff at the Apple Store, San Tan Village.
Even when they are busy, the staff finds the time to help the "tech-impaired" like me.
They offer wonderful classes and followup help at the Genius Bar.
The One to One service (which can be purchased along w/ your computer)  is worth every penny.
You can't go wrong with a Mac and with the Apple Store, San Tan Village.

I am the girl who is all things Apple.
Since one of my smart asianic friends told me I had to get an iPhone to be considered one of the intellects..
I jumped on board.
OKAY..
I being all things Apple now... frequent Apple stores..
When I need an iPhone protector, I dont go to the annoying mall hagglers, nope..
I go to the store that knows my phone.. my pc.. my apples.
THIS Apple store, leaves much to be desired.
All Apple stores greet you when you enter.. not here.
Thats okay.. tis the season of some grinches..
I head to the phone area.. the protector I bought 3 months ago is falling apart.
I just decided to vent a bit when I am finally greeted about the fact that the $40 cover was all a mess now..
I dont drop..
I dont peel ..
I treat my Iphone like the queen it is of apples.. well.. he reluctantly decides to just replace.
But he keeps reminding me that its not the policy past 14 days.
IF I get a $40 cover.. it better last more than 14 days.
He didnt want cash.. he said hed 'have to go to the front' should I pay cash.. Im loving all the other Apple stores.. just not this one.. its a green sour apple...

I've been meaning to leave a review for months, now I finally have time.
That it's still important to me after all this time is a testament to how great my experience was.
I went to the store with my dad, who after years of using a shitty pc that ran painfully slow finally succumbed to my pro-apple pressure.
His crap pc took its final dump, and I took him to the store to browse the desktop computers.
We were helped by Greg F., who was extremely helpful and kind.
My dad is a quadrapalegic, so Greg told us about the options available to mac users that don't have use of their hands.
He told us if we brought in a hard drive with the pc back-up and paid $100 for the introductory 1 on 1 classes, they'd transfer all his info onto his new mac for us for free.
My dad needed some time to think it over, we didn't end up coming back in until a couple weeks later.
When we entered the store, Greg recognized us immediately, blew my mind by remembering my dads name.
He helped us pick out the right mac, got us into the genius bar without an appointment, and even threw in the special keyboard my dad needed for free.
Then at the genius bar we met Fladdy, who said he was going to get all my dads data transferred while we wait, a process that usually takes 24 hours.
So in about 45 mins my dad left with a new mac loaded with all his old PC's information, and I left with a whole new appreciation for apple.

I went into the store anticipating poor and arrogant service.
Reading some of the other posts prepared me for that type of experience.
What actually happened was quite the opposite.
The store ws very busy, but immediately as I entered Andrew approached me with a smile and eager to help.
I went in to buy speakers for my IPad.
Andrew showed me different speakers and offered his experience with my selection.
I purchased the Phillips speakers.
Even after I was being handed the receipt, I posed another question just to see his reaction...would he be impatient?
He was not!
His service was focused on me the entire time answering every question, even the seemingly simple ones.
Andrew made my experience very positive!
I will return to that store.

Sorry apple.
Love your products.
This store needs a major overhaul of practice , procedures and customer awareness.
ATTN: Manager.
I Have now left this store for the third time unable to Complete a purchase.
Hard to believe, but true simply  because no  "specialists" were available   to process the transaction.
In the end I purchased my iPhone from at&t and it was a great experience.
My iPad from target And now I am going to purchase my new Mac book online.
I wanted to Have it for today, but will have to wait for UPS.
Either way Apple still gets my business .
But is this really a long term successful business practice?
Apple might want to look at GM to remind them of what they don't want to become.
And yes I am frustrated.
I just wanted to spend some money  and they would not take it at this store.

I honestly HATE this apple store.
I love the products but this store is absolutely unprofessional.
Every time I leave the store it's with a frown on my face.
I don't like how there are people with showing tattoos, dreads, and piercings every where.
There's always a healthy supply of associates.
I just wish they would be useful for once.

Tried to call and inquire about the new Ipod Touch and I swear the phone rang about 64 times before someone answered.
He said they were busy and don't have anyone there to answer the phone...???
Well, maybe you all shoud be more aware that the phone is ringing and there just might be someone interested in buying something from you, but decides to go elsewhere because the service sucks!

Update on SanTan Apple store...
I got a message today from an employee from the SanTan Apple store, Sabrina Leslie.
She said that she read my post and wanted to help.
She asked me when I could come into the store and she would personally take care of the transaction.
I came in... She was waiting for me, helpful and smart.
Low and behold...
WHILE SHE WAS HELPING ME SHE TOOK THE TIME TO TELL OTHER PEOPLE THAT SHE OR SOMEONE WOULD BE RIGHT WITH THEM.
Class act!
I was in and out in less than 30 mins.
Chandy will be happy.
I am happy!
Sabrina Leslie was awesome!
Moral of the story... MORE PEOPLE LIKE Sabrina Leslie, Harrison Walter, Nathalie Thabuis... AND APPLE WILL BE JUUUUUUST FINE!
Thank you Sabrina!!
WRITTEN PREVIOUS TO SABRINA HELPING!!!!
Bad experience at the Apple store at SanTan mall:  It is not often that people write to explain a "bad experience" at an Apple store.
But tonight I am writing on my Facebook to share a really upsetting run in that my dear girlfriend had at the apple store at San Tan.
Just this morning I read a story of a little 10 year old girl who saved her allowance for a year to get a new iPod.
She unfortunately showed up at a store that was closed for the "Steve Jobs memorial service" she was turned away by a blue shirt.
As she was walking away the store manager ran after her and brought her back into the store so she could spend her yearly income for her new iPod.
She left happy... My girlfriend, however, did not.
Earlier in the day I stopped by the SanTan store for myself, while making my purchase I asked a very nice employee if they had any iPhones in stock.
A little back story, My girlfriend had ordered her iPhone 2 days after I did directly from AT&T.
Only to be told as recently as this morning that she still had many weeks of waiting for her phone.
The employee told me that they had a few and asked me if I would like them to hold it for me.
I said yeeeesssss please!!!
So they had me write my name on the back of a card and they held the phone.
I immediately called my girlfriend who was very excited about getting the new iPhone and told her to cancel her order with AT&T.
After being on a call to some guy from India for 40 mins... She was able to cancel her order.
So after work she went down to the Apple store.
She was just as excited as the 10 year old with her income in a jar.
She walked around the very busy store....
Picked out a case for her new phone, and patiently waited for one of the "blue shirts" to help her.
She watched as several People around her were being helped.
But for some reason, NOT ONE person even said hi to her.
Not one person took the time to acknowledge her standing there.
She stood next to a girl who got there after her, and watched her get helped before anyone said anything to her.
One blue shirt even made it a point to not look her in the eyes and even walked around her and placed his had on her shoulder as if to ask, "do you mind moving over here I need to get by you.
"   She left..... No phone..... No service.... No help.... No respect.... No order.... Not even the pink case she had picked out.
NOTHING except,  She purchased contempt tonight.
Good news is it didn't cost her anything.
There is no two year commitment, in fact it lasts for life.
You all know I am a die hard Apple fan.
I am however more of a fan of my girlfriend and the respect she and any person deserves.
Dear Apple, It's simple, take two seconds and acknowledge the people that made your company great...
The customers.
No matter how good your stuff is...
If no one can buy it, or want to deal with rudeness to buy it... You are doomed.
I miss you Steve....
Please don't let apple turn into this...
I really hate PC....

Had a problem with a dead iPod.
Went to the other Apple store in Chandler, they weren't so helpful there.
Went here, they took care of me.
I was inches away from being an Apple hater, now I'm a fan again!

I'm writing this review for my father, must say for the store being slammed he was still able to be helped and questions answered.
The workers are assigned to specific stations and if they don't know an answer they walkie talkie someone who has the answer.
I can appreciate that other being told, I don't know or making something up.
It helps to make an appointment for the Genius Station, which my father did.
Then we moved to looking at more products and was helped promptly.
I usually get clastraphobic in stores but I felt comfortable the entire time.
They should maybe consider doubling the size of their stores.

I was without my iphone for 14 hours, 32 minutes and 57 seconds.
It was tough.
The worst part was that I didn't know what was wrong with the poor little guy, we were laying on the couch together and I picked him up and the light had left his body.
I couldn't get him on at all, he was dead.
I hopped on the laptop and made an appointment here immediately.
That's a lie.
First, I called my cell phone carrier like a pendeja and they insisted that I buy a new iphone immediately.
I did a cry/laugh THEN I made the Apple Store appointment for first thing the next morning.
Thank you so much for being open on Sundays!
Everyone here is super friendly and helpful!
They fixed my iphone in a blink of an eye and we were back in business in no time.
I love my iphone.
I wish I could have iphone babies with it, we'd call them.... iMoanz.

What a *great* crew here!
Start to finish, Customer Service was outstanding.
The Genius Bar workers, Jeffrey and Katie, helped me with an issue that has mystified others in other places.
They *patiently* took the time to understand, deeply, why things weren't working as they should be and explained each stage of the trouble-shooting as they tried different possible solutions.
People who can work this degree of wizardry with technology don't *always* have the best people skills but these two have it ALL.
It makes me very happy when people are proficient but, also, kind.
I highly recommend this Apple Store!
:^D

I've been a valued Apple customer for nearly ten years but I've recently noticed a sharp decline in the high-level customer service that drew me to Apple to begin with.
My most recent experience is a classic example.
I was on vacation when my iPhone took a dip in the Pacific.
Upon returning, I stopped by the Apple store to have it replaced only to learn that they wouldn't even talk to me without an appointment and the soonest appointment was two hours later.
I found this odd as there were several employees loitering around.
I guess their time was more important than mine.
I rescheduled a couple of days later when I knew the store wouldn't be so busy.
Upon arriving, I couldn't get any of the employees to acknowledge me to check me in for my appointment.
I finally decided to rudely interrupt two employees that were in the middle of a meaningless conversation.
I was checked in and waited nearly 30 minutes PAST my scheduled appointment before I gave up and walked out!
So hopefully the third time will be the charm.
Not really!
Same scenario as before.
I booked, struggled to get acknowledged then was rudely greeted by the Apple "Genius" a solid 20 minutes after my scheduled appointment.
I had three issues that needed to be resolved including loose screws on my laptop, a broken iPod touch and my water-logged iPhone.
The "Genius" told me that he only had 25 minutes booked and could therefore only take care of one of my issues.
I kindly told him that his schedule was unimportant to me as they have burned over an hour o my time.
I explained my displeasure and the "Genius" responded to me by saying, " well, what do you want me to do?
" I responded by saying "nothing much, just your job!
"  After they replaced my two I-devices, I told them that I would gladly take my laptop and my business elsewhere.
Upon leaving, the manager asked me what the problem was.
Upon explaining, he said that they have missed their numbers the past few months prohibiting him from hiring new staff.
I kindly responded that the problem wasn't the quantity of his staff but the quality.
I look forward to taking my annual $20k in Apple purchases elsewhere.

In for my iphone4S battery issues.
I have now had 3 iphones in three months and the Iphone is doing the same thing all over again..
I just spoke to Steven at the Apple Store and he told me this time that it was one of my Apps that was causing the problem.
I asked him why I have had it replaced 3 times and he told me that the rest of his crew were idiots and did not know what they are doing!!!
I was shocked by this statement..
I asked to speak to another representative because this guy acted like I was crazy and all I want is a phone that works with no battery issues!!!
What a lousy experience!!
This will be the last iphone I will ever purchase!!
What a nightmare..
I am now looking at my 4th new one in a span of 4 months!!
Lousy product and terrible service by this Steven at the San Tan location.
I am actually shocked since everyone else I have dealt with has been great!!!
They need to get rid of this employee..

All the Apple stores I have been to deliver great service and are a pleasure to browse and shop at, but this one is my Fave because of the staff.
The people working at this location have repeatedly delivered levels of service beyond my fairly high levels of expectation.
There have been several times over the past few years when they have overruled Apple policy in order to take care if me, because of my patronage and loyalty.
I appreciate this, and it is good business because their actions keep me coming back.

Great customer service, knowledgeable staff.
LOVE this place!

Back in June I received a MacBook pro as a graduation present.
Three months later the display starts to go.
I bring it in, they tell me I need a new graphics board.
I wait for the part to arrive, and they "fix" it.
A couple weeks later, I am typing a paper for school and I have horizontal bars of random colors in the middle of my screen.
I hurry over to the apple store, tell them what happened, and they make me wait two hours because I didn't make a genius bar appointment...
Even though they have 5 employees standing around "looking busy" on their iPads.
So then they tell me I need a new display.
They order it and call to tell me that the part is in and if I don't come by Friday they ship it back to inventory.
As convenient that was, I wasn't able to make it due to school and work.
So then I return again to order my part and the employee Andre was very helpful and ordered the part I needed and took my laptop, and told me that it'd be ready in 2-3 business days.
I get a call the next day saying my computer is done, so I drive to San Tan and I am greeted by an employee and he directs me to sit at the bar and wait.
I wait a good 10 mins, get up and ask to be helped.
I wait another 10 mins only to hear that I wasted my gas driving there because my computer is not done.
I told him that they called me and said it was done.
He apologizes and says that was a mistake and that they meant to say the part came in.
Wow, these apple geniuses are incredibly smart!
Why on earth would you need to tell me that if you have my laptop at the store?
This store is a joke.
I mean, why do you have so many employees on the clock if they aren't going to do anything but take up space?
If I could just give this store a 0 I would but it demands at least a star.
Anyways, I will never use this store ever again, worst customer service I have ever seen.

This Apple store is the dog's bollocks!!
We love coming here!
It is an absolute must when visiting San Tall Mall!
In fact it is the only store that I do attend when visiting.
The staff are professional, courteous and hip at all times!

apple time!

This was my first time EVER in an Apple store!!
I'm not sure I'll ever buy another Apple product outside of an Apple store!
The customer service was outstanding and the place was just plain fun!!
The set up for this place was great with all the different tables.
They even had a table just for kids with iPads for them to play with.
I never knew that they offered workshops to teach you how to get better use of your product.
These people are marketing geniuses!

We went to this Apple store to get my mother an iPhone.
There was a perfect storm of problems with her previous cellphone carrier and Apple employee Jeremy G. helped her for 4 (FOUR!!!
) hours.
Again, the problem wasn't with Apple or their support but Jeremy was amazingly helpful in trying to get her set up with an iPhone.
Whoever manages this store has trained the employees well in both basic customer service and in troubleshooting.
A+ for Jeremy G.

I really like how you can check yourself out now.
DL the Apple Store app, scan your item from your iPhone, log into your Apple ID and pay.
So simple and definitely cuts down on having to wait for an associate.

Great customer service, and what can I say about the products except for they are the best.
For business I am usually there at least once a week for iPads, iPods, or other.
Plan on walking as the parking out front is very limited.
Business team is great and have me on a discount plan!

I had a compleicated question for the genius bar, I had to go through 3 genius' for them to help me.
They were very patient with me and helped me a tremundus amount with a project for work.
They are always so friendly and on top of everything.
I enjoy my visits more becuase of the great staff.

After my experience with this store I will probably not be upgrading my IPhone when my current cell phone contract runs out.
I have spent the last 3 days going between my carrier, Apple and the insurance company for my phone while everyone decides who is responsible for replacing my phone which is less than 1 year old, with a touchscreen that doesn't work right.
Finally I decided to go to Apple even though I had been advised I'd be responsible for paying for troubleshooting on a phone under warranty just so all options could be exhausted.
I go in right after they opened and first get told that an appointment is required, fine I only had to kill an hour.
I go back and the person at the "genius bar" apparently thought I was wasting his time with my lowly 3GS.
He couldn't have been more pompous and condescending.
Basically I was told that they weren't going to do anything until he probably saw the smoke practically coming out of my ears, then it was "Well I want you to be successful so I guess we can look at replacing the screen..." At that point I thanked him for wasting my time.
Thankfully I had been in contact with the office of the CEO of my phone insurance who assured me that if Apple wouldn't resolve the situation, they would.
I have a new phone coming tomorrow.
Thanks Apple for being NO HELP at all.
I believe it's time to go back to Samsung.

I'm giving it a 4 star because it simply is to small of a location for as many cutsomers as they get especially on the weekends.
Went in there today with a malfunctioning iPhone 5 and not only walked with a new phone for free because it was still under the 1 year warranty, but also info on how I was throwing away 20 bucks a month paying for Verizon's phone coverage for 2 phones.
Staff is very knowledgable but the place is always busy so be prepared to wait.

I live in Gilbert Arizona and went to the Apple store at the San Tan mall here.
I had to go in 3 different times before my phone was fixed, I was helped by 3 different people and ALL 3 times I was treated horribly!!!
The first time my appointment was at 1:40 and they did not get to me till 2:15.
The second time the guy helping was very condescending and made me feel stupid for not knowing much about the icloud (which I had never used) and would say things like "well if you were at home and I wasn't here what would you do?
" when I had a question and then he said he would be right back, walked away and I never saw him again, and the third time I was accused of LYING about my phone being broken (the exact words being "well I could not duplicate the problem but for good faith we will replace the phone but if it happens again then we will KNOW it wasn't the phone.
") after the guy takes my phone in the back room for a good 25 minutes leaving me sitting there having no idea what's going on.
I left the store and cried I really could not even believe how awful I was treated.
My whole family is furious with how horrible this experience has been that although the apple product is great the costumer service is SO BAD that we NEVER want to get an apple product again in fear of having to go in and talk with these people.
Several of my friends have been trying to decide what kind of phone to get and after hearing my experience with this apple stores costumer service have gone with a different brand so to avoid the humiliation and frustration I went through!
I honestly expected amazing service because apple professes to be costumer oriented.
I can not even express enough my disappointment.

I have to make an appointment for an hour later to ask a basic price question while there are employees just standing around.
Now that's customer service.

The service here is HORRIBLE..   First I walk in and asked one of the guy regarding my phone because the button on top does not work.
Then he told me to go to the front and find a guy with the red ipad...WTF red ipad right?
The while i was walking to the front, the girl that stands in the middle doesnt even ask what we need & just puts her hand out and says do you have an appointment?
We said no, we are just looking for someone who can help us with the problem.
So the girl says, you need to get in line to make an appointment.
Which we did...
There must been about 2 people in front of us.
When we got to the front, in like 5 mins, she asks if we have an appointment again.
Of course we said no, AGAIN.
"well we are all out of appointment time today, you need to go online to set one.
" WTF.
seriously, she made us wait in line just to tell us that we need to go online to make an appointment because they are all booked?!
HORRIBLE SERVICE!

I was looking for a 5S in any carrier because I wanted to pay full price.
When I walked in at 12:15pm, the greeter was very rude and annoying.
I knew what I wanted.
He asked me with an attitude "you buying a phone and you don't know which carrier you want?
" Then I patiently told him I wanted either Verizon or Tmobile because they're unlocked to all carriers.
He said there were Silver and Space gray 5S for Tmobile avaiable.
Then he walked me to the manager.
The manager was even ruder and unknowledgeable.
Everyone knows Verizon 5S is factory unlocked but she kept insisting it's locked to Verizon only.
Then she told me to wait while she double-checking.
She never got back to me at all and kept me waiting for so long.
After a while until I couldn't wait any longer, I asked if anyone was coming to assist me then they sent a man to assist me after a few more minutes.
The man who assisted me asked me to wait again so he could check if they had stock available.
Then he came back and told me there were no 5S left.
People at this store had to be kidding me.
They're not only unknowledgeable but also very rude.
They keep wasting my time for nothing.
I never write reviews but this time I have to.
I've been to Chandler, Biltmore, Scottsdale Apple stores but never experienced this joke before.
Apple needs to do something with the staff at this store or else you'll being losing more Apple fans like me.
This store doesn't even worth 1 star.

I was looking for a 5S in any carrier because I wanted to pay full price.
When I walked in at 12:15pm, the greeter was very rude and annoying.
I knew what I wanted.
He asked me with an attitude "you buying a phone and you don't know which carrier you want?
" Then I patiently told him I wanted either Verizon or T-mobile because they're unlocked to all carriers.
He said there were Silver and Space gray 5S for T-mobile available.
Then he walked me to the manager.
The manager was even ruder and unknowledgeable.
Everyone knows Verizon 5S is factory unlocked but she kept insisting it's locked to Verizon only.
Then she told me to wait while she double checked.
She never got back to me at all and kept me waiting for so long.
After a while until I couldn't wait any longer, I asked if anyone was coming to assist me then they sent a man to assist me after a few more minutes.
The man who assisted me asked me to wait again so he could check if they had stock available.
Then he came back and told me there were no 5S left.
People at this store had to be kidding me.
They're not even unknowledgeable but also very rude.
They keep wasting my time for nothing.
I never write reviews but this time I have to.
I've been to Chandler, Biltmore, Scottsdale Apple stores but never experienced this joke before.
Apple needs to do something with the staff at this store or else you'll being losing more Apple fans like me.

I have been to several Apple stores over the years and in many states.
This apple store has always been the easiest to get in and out of.
I had plenty of help in our recent computer purchases.
I even had a computer that I bought refurbished online and it was not working of course when it arrived.....
I took it to the apple store and they checked it and within a few minutes, it was up and running.
There has never been an issue with a product that they can't fix.
I really appreciate how the guys at the genius bar seem to walk me through options to fix the items I bring them or what what the products potential will be down the road.
Other stores seem to be just as busy but the staff here seems to be more attentive and just nicer when you need someone to help you out.

I've owned a Macbook for some time now, but haven't ever had a reason to visit their store.
I have avoided going in due to the high levels of smug - not only from the employees, but also many of the patrons.
There's a general "I'm better than you" feeling at places like this that you can also find at Prius dealerships and many parts of California.
The reason for my visit, was that I needed a software update that could not be downloaded.
Why I thought I would be able to pick this up at a place that calls itself the "Genius Bar" is beyond me, but I digress.
The "genius" took a look at my laptop, and said that I needed to order the update directly from Apple HQ... and then proceeded to tell me that he had no less than three other customers neededing the same update on this lovely black Friday.
I then asked him if he understood the irony of a company who prides itself on having most of it's information in the cloud - but not being able to help that many poor suckers in one day due to their policy, while STILL having the nerve to call themselves geniuses...
So, my suggestion, would be that if you only have ONE software update that requires an actual disk to download, maybe have a few of those in each of your stores.
The good news?
I don't ever have to go back.
Which kinda makes me feel like a genius.

Just upgraded my daughters phone (with a 15yr old son in tow who kept asking unrelated questions) The staff couldn't be more friendly!
Not just interested in an up sell, but really what device was best for her!

Okay, I have been an Android guy for YEARS.
I have worked for Verizon for ten years and sold against the iPhone for the bulk of that time.
About 6 months ago I made the swap over to Apple and have not looked back.
Visits to their stores always tend to get me spending money.
Accessories stacked to the ceiling, nonstop flow of non pushy sales people that (for the most part) are always helpful.
This place is pretty awesome.

My husband and I went there to upgrade our phones and were lucky enough to cross paths with Jonathan Brewer.
I showed up with my phone bill in hand thinking I was fully prepared for the exchange.
Unfortunately, we forgot our password and to start, couldn't get a human on the line.
When we tried online in the store, the retrieval code was sent to my husband's phone (because he's the main on the account) which wasn't working because it had water damage (hence why were there).
Long story, we were there for 2 hours and Jonathan was patient, professional, and had a good sense of humor thank God!
After the debacle of getting into our wireless provider's account, he still sat down with us with our new phones and answered all of our questions.
What a great guy and we will return again.

I've gotten pretty decent service here.
My old iPod wasn't working well and I took it in (after spending hrs myself trying to figure out what was wrong) to the Apple store.
Though it was WELL past its warranty, they made me an offer to upgrade from my 80 GB iPod to a 160 GB iPod for $60, a brand new iPod.
I took it right away because I knew they cost a lot more than $60.
That made made super happy because the solution they gave me was much, much better than what I was expecting.
I was super, super happy with their resolution.
I did make an appointment and it was easy to do that on the phone.
When our iPhone wasn't working properly, really sucking up too much data, this one took a bit more to resolve through Apple's technical support.
After exhausting them and going to the Apple store, they saw that we were still under warranty by a few weeks and promptly replaced the phone with a new one.
Granted, we didn't have the latest and greatest phone, so I don't know what that would have been, but at least for our issue, they were able to resolve it.
We should be getting our next iPhone for me tomorrow and we know that Apple will take care of us.
Thanks for doing a great job!

We have received nothing but great experiences at the Apple Store in San Tan Village.
We are always greeted with a smile and we get our questions answered.
The One on One trainings are very helpful.
I have to say this is a very busy store, however there are a lot of employees, so everyone gets helped.
I see other reviews saying the employees are not friendly, I have never experienced that.
What I have seen many times at the Genius Bar is the Apple Employees doing everything in their power to help the person in need, even when the customer was being rude and making a scene, they were still willing to help.
If you are a business owner, you owe  it to yourself to go in and meet the Business Specialist team.
They are a great resource for you.
I have been helped so many times  by the Business Specialist Team.
Delrhea always makes sure that I am taken care of, I have referred many people to her and I know that they are always  in great hands.
Casey and Jed are awesome as well.
Woohoo!
As good as it gets!

Where do I start, hmmm so I felt like the worst customer ever seeing as my phone was incredibly difficult and with any simple task it did not oblige; they were so patient and chill (even though today is Mother's Day and it was pretty swamped).
I give major credit to Sean and LC for helping me out and making it a stress free experience and doing whatever they could to help figure out the multiple problems my phone was throwing at us.
Great guys and overall amazing service.
One of the better apple stores I've been to around the country.
So thankful and super thrilled with my new phone.
Thanks guys!!!
Spider-Man rules all the pizza around me.
-Nicolette Waterhouse

Apple at San Tan village had the absolute worst customer service  I've ever experienced at a apple store.
"Ben" in particular was so rude to me for no reason.
My guess is he hates his job.
I spoke with a manager but she had no empathy and it was like talking to a wall.
I will never come back to this location.
They don't care about customer relationships nor do they value their customers

