Fry's and Fry's Marketplace is ostensibly the first "suburbanite" grocery store to appear in Casa Grande, part of a wave of development a few years back that also brought us Target (yay), Dillard's (uck), Best Buy, Harkins, and so on.
The rest of the grocery stores in town are either Wal-Mart or some other chain that has a mini-Wal-Mart vibe going on.
The Fry's has a few good things going for it.
The food selection is awesome, and many things are represented that Casa Grande has never seen the likes of, like fresh sushi and an olive bar.
Of course, I never see anyone buying it, so who knows how long the dream will last.
The greeters are also friendly.
There are also a few things dragging this joint down to two stars.
First, I've been there twice within 10 minutes of the posting closing time and found all the doors locked.
Really annoying, considering this is the only place to buy groceries on the north end of town.
Otherwise, you're looking at a 10 minute trek into town.
Second, the front-end manager is completely clueless or absent or both.
Literally every time I go there, there are too few checkout lanes open.
If you have a ton of stuff, you will wait forever since only 1 or 2 of the lanes are regular non-express lanes.
If you have a couple things, prepare to wait behind gobs of technically inept people trying to operate the self-checkout kiosks.
Third, the baggers (if you manage to get a bagger -- unlikely) have not been trained properly and they will smash your goods into a pulp if you don't watch them like a hawk.
I have seen them try placing a bag full of soup cans on top of peaches.
Of course, then you can't watch the cashier for ringing errors.
I don't know which is worse.
Do you want to have bashed fruit, or do you want to pay extra when they ring up your Hungarian wax peppers as gold bullion?
You decide!
Overall, they have good stuff.
The produce stays fresh for days on end, unlike the almost-overripe stuff sold at Safeway and Albertson's in town.
However, having good stuff is overshadowed by crappy customer service and the fact that half your stuff is likely to be obliterated and/or overcharged.

I used to have to drive 15 minutes to a grocery store... having one .2 miles from my front door is complete heaven.
Things I like: - wine selection, perfect for a small city grocery store - the hours 5am Starbucks before traveling FTW!
- produce, good selection that seems to stay fresh  - prices, coupon program, I routinely save around 25-35% off my bill  Middle of the road: - Customer service, it is completely hit or miss.
Things I don't like: - not a fan of the seafood - better off going to whole foods or costco in Chandler - people are lazy and don't put their carts away, not the store's fault but I hate it.
Is this an AZ thing?
or just a Casa Grande thing?
hate.
Overall - this is one of the nicer stores in Casa Grande worth shopping at.
I'm there 4-5 times a week for odds and ends.

The sushi was fresh and awsome!

I just relocated from the East Coast so I'm seeing a lot  of places I've never heard of.
Fry's included.
When I went I just thought it was like a grocery store but I was quickly surprised.
They have it all and at reasonable prices.
Seems very similar to a Target but with a mellow non-big box store vibe.
Since its close to where I'm staying and I get fuel points I'll be going there a lot.

Little concerned that there wasn't an indoor portion of the gas station.
Was pleasantly surprised when we walked into Fry's Marketplace.
Great grocery.
Stocked up on snacks and drinks.
Great stop for travelers but be wary of the longer than expected drive from the interstate to Fry's.
Awesome otherwise.
Will return.

Groceries who needs em.....

It's a nice store but I think the employees need to go through a bit more training because they can be extremely rude and inappropriate.
Also, is there really no place for the employees to go smoke but right out front where people are walking to their cars?
I feel like I have to make a mad dash for my car so my son isn't exposed to the thick clouds of smoke we have to walk through!

It's a nice store with friendly staff.
Produce section great...Don't know what else to say here!
Lol!

Took me a while to find it but eventually did.
Very friendly, very helpful staff , nice atmosphere too.
They carry a wide variety of stuff sort a like a Wal-Mart.
Prices here a reasonable and competitive.

nice big store, a lot of extra features, at times employee's are nice and helpful, most are.......i personally don't go to the pharmacy or the furniture side of the store.i love the quick check-out's, cashier's are friendly and helpful.

