I heard about High Noon's Friday the 13th special.
They had an assortment of tattoos available for only $13!
Feeling impulsive, I stopped by and got a skull tattooed on my left hip.
The procedure was excellent!
This is not my first tattoo.
My artist was Luke, and he did a fantastic job!
The place was clean, and there is beautiful artwork on the walls.
The staff was really friendly and welcoming.

I've spent months and months looking for a tattoo artist to do my first tattoo.
It is such a huge decision to me.
I kept hearing about Mikey and High Noon Tattoo from a lot of my friends.
I always loved the work that came out of this shop and I am SO glad I decided to go to High Noon.
It was honestly the best experience.
Not only is their work amazing, but the shop is so welcoming and clean and the staff couldn't be nicer.
I felt so comfortable there and am so pleased with my tattoo.
The prices are really great as well, especially for the amazing quality you get.
Each artist there is incredible and will ensure that your tattoo is exactly what you want.
I will go nowhere else for my future tattoos.
I highly recommend High Noon tattoo.

I have an entire sleeve done by one of the owners, and a large calf piece to boot.....and I get compliments on the work all the time.
Seriously, its annoying.
I've done everything from bring in my own artwork, to giving them an idea and letting them come up with something, and straight up letting 'em just go for it and do whatever they want, and they never let me down.
I have a fair amount of tattoos from various shops, and I would highly recommend this shop to everyone, and always do.
All 3 artists are excellent at what they do, the shop is clean & safe, well decorated, and a good old fashioned sarcastic good time on top of all that.
Do yourself a favor and go there.
Let them know what you want to get and they'll set you up with the best artist for what it is you specifically want.
They're good folks.

Been getting tattooed here for the past 5 months or so by Mikey.
Clean shop with great artists!

Mikey is wonderful, took  a drawing I made for my husband's forearm of his mothers cancer ribbon with cancer colors in it, he tweaked it a bit made it very cool, and we love it.
Mikey is an amazing artist, and the shop is exceptional.
He has also done a tattoo on my mother in laws chest, it turned out more elaborate and detailed and beautiful than we ever could have imagined.
A+ for Mikey, shop, staff, all the way around!

Mikey did a very large thigh piece on me and it is one of my favorites.
It is a great studio and they do some of the greatest work around!
Perfect shop for custom work:)

Aaron was amazing!!
I brought in the image that I wanted done, that I had found on a website.
I was concerned that he, or any artist at High Noon, wouldn't do it because I've been turned away before because the artist prefers to do original work.
Never should have concerned me.
Aaron was amazing, and when I offered him artistic license with the color scheme, he really took it to heart and made it very feminine but still bold.
It's not in your face, but it doesn't back down.
Like me!!
He was done in 45 minutes and the detail is so precise, that my husband spent two hours taking it all in!
It even appeals to my mom, who was very against the idea of me getting a second tattoo at all!
The shop itself is very clean and styled to look like a wild west saloon.
They did have the chiropractor's chair (my tattoo is on the low neck, mid shoulder area, and I was able to sit comfortably while I was being inked.
Aaron waited until I was watching to pull out the individually wrapped, medically sterilized needle, which was also very reassuring!
Absolutely the definition of professionalism for this business!!
I am ecstatic and I'm thinking I may go in again for one of the original roses that they have there!!
Beautiful!!!
With my pricing rating, I'm basing it on my opinion of the complexity of the tattoo, the intensity of the color and the time it took.
I'm not willing to divulge the price I paid, I'll leave that up to the guys.
One thing to keep in mind, is they only take cash, but I really can't say I blame them.
If you decide to get inked by anyone at High Noon, be prepared to be a walking gallery, because it's some of the most amazing art ever and you'll be dying to show it off!

My husband and I have driven from SD to Phoenix twice to have work done by Mikey.
We love the quality, his traditional is fantastic, and it's always worth the extra effort to make it out there.

Awesome.
I was in Arizona during June.
Saw Joseph.
Amazing work.
Amazing prices.
Went out of his way to work with my schedule.
Even made a change for me before I left town.
I look forward to doing business in the future.
My next visit to AZ actually!!

If you are in the Phoenix area, High Noon Tattoo is worth checking out.
I had a couple of tattoos done a few years ago and had hoped to return to the same tattoo artist.
Unfortunately, his store closed and he moved out-of-state.
So I asked around, asked friends, and searched the internet.
I knew the next tattoo I wanted required someone who could do portraits well.
After all, I was not going to pay $ and later ask to be on "Tattoo Nightmare.
"       I eventually heard about Mikey at High Noon Tattoo.
From the very beginning I was extremely pleased by his artwork online.
I called him up, scheduled an appointment, and during my visit, I really liked the eclectic mix of western inspired furniture and some truly wicked (wicked being good) artwork.
Further, the tattoo he ultimately did was done well.
Mikey was extremely attentive to detail, the portrait looked like the picture I provided him, and the price was reasonable for the amount of time needed to tattoo my right leg.
I definitely plan to visit Mikey again before the year is out and I recommend you check High Noon Tattoo, too.

I have gotten two tattoos done by Mikey and have thoroughly enjoyed the experience each time.
Everyone is really polite and knows how to create a fun environment during a not-so-pleasant experience.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a solid tattoo shop in Phoenix.

I was here a couple of years ago.
Today confirmed that I'm not going anywhere else while I'm here in AZ!
Jonny did an all-time FABULOUS job on my hummingbird.
I was 100% satisfied with the atmosphere: great customer service, great people, splendor skills=1 Happy tattooed chick!
I'm totally referring peeps out your way!
Keep it FRESH!

First tattoo.
Manny was great at keeping me calming and chatting with me thru the process.
Super clean!
Love my results!

Wow!!
I can't say enough good things about this tattoo parlor.
Every time I've been in there, the place is packed with people, yet they always get me taken care of ASAP.
The customer service here is simply the best in the valley.
They are always polite and friendly.
All of my best tattoos were done here.
Rocky has been my artist for my last 2 tattoos and they are the best ones on my body.
They are so bright and clean, I really love them.
Rocky took the time to work with me and get my designs perfect.
I will never go anywhere else!!
Thanks Rocky

