My experience at Elements was great.
The staff was very friendly and welcoming and the atmosphere is that of a nice, expensive spa on the Strip, but the price is much more affordable!!!
I would recommend this place to anyone.
I've gone a few times and have tried almost all of the therapists and they are all extremely knowledgeable and not fresh out of massage school.
Definitely give it a try!

Affordable and professional.
But the massages are just OK.  Have used several different therapists, the quality of the massages are not to the level of a nice spa but the prices are about half or less so you are definetly getting better value.

The staff are very nice!
Had no problems canceling my account cause of moving.
Massages were very good by using the owner of the company Julie I think is her name.
Massage therapist vary in technique.
I was happy with results and pricing.
Taz

My husband and I just had massages here tonight.
We had gotten a deal from Living Social and since it's in our neighborhood I thought we'd give it a try.
I was pleasantly surprised.
It's in a strip mall and the when you walk in it's serene with nice music playing.
They have a tiny front office but have snacks and water.
The massage itself was great, I had a bunch of sore spots and had my therapist changed up the pressure whenever I asked and she always asked if I was doing ok.
I wish the massage tables had a warmer underneath them.
Every time they adjusted the sheets it was noticeably colder.
A warmer table would make the massage even better.
But the prices are really affordable!
We would come here again.

Great experience here!
The staff was wonderful, the facility is very calming and I felt amazing after my massage!

This is a very nice zen like facility.
The receptionist is super sweet and helpful.
We had a couple massage and the couple room was very nice.
My massage therapist performed the deep tissue and he got rid of the many knots that were on my upper back.
It was getting almost unbearable but since my massage therapist can feel how I was tensing up, he lightened the pressure, but was still firm.
My bf enjoyed his massage very much as well.
We were given chocolates and bottles of water on our way out.
They have a wide range of hours that people can book.
Also, when you refer someone to this office, you get $20 credit for your next massage.
Pretty cool.

One of the best massages of my life was here.
Thank you Julie for such a wonderful experience.
The facility was peaceful, and the massage table was comfortable.
The temperature was warm (in a good way) and I left very pleased with the overall experience.
Awesome.

Anna was my therapist, and despite being a tiny woman, she can really apply the pressure.
She got in deep, and got all my knots out, leaving me really satisfied, and relaxed.
The ambiance is nice, the rooms are clean, and the staff is professional.
I has an 80 minute massage, and it felt like only 20 minutes, since I may have fallen asleep at one point.
I'll definitely stop back in again, next time I'm in LV.

A friend referred me to Elements.
Her therapist was Zaz, an amazing deep tissue specialist.
Terry, who answered the phone,is knowledgeable and so helpful.
Heather, the masseuse, was great.

Elements is like Massage Envy in that it is a "massage club" with cheaper prices if you become a member.
It is not like Massage Envy, however, in the fact that it is not pushy if you don't want to become a member, and it doesn't look like there are membership fees like at Massage Envy.
I would give them 5 stars for the excellent service they provided me before the massage (a disaster with scheduling and a Groupon) and for not pushing me to become a member.
My massage was pretty relaxing and needed, and Lena did a great job of working out the knots.
I will be back and even consider joining their membership club.

Wonderful staff!
It felt like the massage therapists truly cared about giving me the best experience.
The massages were tailored to my personal needs which I love.
I would recommend this place to anyone.

I will NEVER return to Elements in Henderson.
Short version: Without permission, they enrolled me in (and charged me for) a monthly membership, they did not cancel the membership when explicitly directed, and they "lost" all of my information (contact info and massage credits).
Long version: I paid for a simple gift of six massages (one per month).
Once the six months was up, my relationship with this business was to be severed.
Instead, they began charging my card each month for a monthly massage membership service AFTER the termination of the gift plan.
Once I discovered what they were doing, they did not refund my money.
Instead, they left a "credit" for the unused massages on my account.
Because I (foolishly) saw the massages as valuable, I decided to keep the monthly massage membership for a few more months.
When I decided I no longer wanted to pay for monthly massages, I called to cancel.
They told me I had to come to the business in person to cancel the service.
Guess what happened next?
The next month, they charged my card AGAIN.
The manager informed me that there had been some changes in the staff and assured me that Elements would make everything right with my account.
Subsequently, I was not offered my money back; instead, I was offered massage credit.
I advised her that she needed to remove my credit card information from their system that day.
I was not going to go through an unauthorized card charge a THIRD time.
I made an appointment and went in the next week to use up one of my many massage credits.
When I arrived at the business to redeem one of my massages, the receptionist informed me that there was NO record of me.
And by no record, I want to be clear.
There was no record of my ever having been a customer OR of my massage credits.
Just like the previous experiences, the owner refused to contact me.
I have not been back since that time.
Even now, they owe me a number of massages that I will not redeem.
I am happy to be done with this business.
EDIT May 2013 Long after the experience and reading the response from the owner, I sent an email (on 5/6) to her about my frustrations and my experiences.
I asked her if I had been given accurate information when I was told that my account (with all of my massage credits) had been deleted.
The manager contacted me on 5/24.
She remembered me and my situation.
She informed me that she found my information in their system and reinstated my account and my massage credits.

I just had the worst massage session ever yesterday with a massage therapist initial R. Why it was my worst session you ask?
This massage therapist does not know muscle physiology.
He has strength, I give him that but does not have technique to relax a muscle or to perform deep tissue massage.
I ask for that technique but he just gave me more strength.
I feel he's trying to rush the session.
Very rough on my body and definitely not relaxing.
Very rough hands for a massage therapist.
Even with the oil used in the session, my skin felt like it was scrubbed with sand paper.
He puts he light setting so bright, my eyes were watery because of it.
Opposite of relaxing.
He only dims the light on the last 15 min on my 80 min session.
His stomach keeps gurgling.
He didn't apologized for it or ask to be excused an d it's just unpleasant to hear it while you're trying to relax.
I notified him where the most sore spots in my body but since I guess he doesn't know muscles, he just put pressure with his palm and that's it.
No specific pressure in sore muscle or anything like that.
(How can he pass his certification?
) 7.
The day after my massage session, my body feels even more sore compared to before my session.
Also, being a girl, I would've appreciate if you ask first before you massage and mess up my hair during a massage session.
The only good thing about my session is that he gave me a couple chocolates after the massage was over.
Hopefully my next massage session won't be this bad.
I'll definitely ask for a different massage therapist.

Elements has a very high turnover of massage therapists so you never know who you are going to get.
When I find a therapist I like, I like going to the same person as they get to know your body and what you need.
I ended up cancelling my membership because the massages were always someone different and just alright.
THEY ARE STILL CHARGING MY CREDIT CARD!
I have called over and over to get them to reverse the charge 2 months after I cancelled, and the only person who has the authority to do it is never in there, can't be called, won't call you back, etc.
I ended up having to call my credit card company to dispute the charge and block any future charges.
Shady business practices and so so therapists with a high employee turnover = no bueno.

The staff is very friendly and accommodating.
If I lived in this part of town I'd be a regular.
But I don't, I live super far.
They recently had a groupon offer going on.
I still have an extra that I won't end up using.
So if you're in need of a pamper session and and you're on a budget, you should totally let me know because you won't find a better deal for an 80 minute long massage anywhere else in town.
Ever.

I've been a member at Elements Therapeutic Massage for almost 2 years now.
Like many of the massage places out there, it is all about which therapist you get.
My therapist is Suzana, and she offers the best massage I've ever received.
To put that into perspective, I've had nearly 250 massages in my life, from 26 different therapists.
I am a firm believer that massage is more than a luxury.
The release of tension within the muscles that comes with a good massage has been scientifically proven to improve brain function, productivity, alertness, and overall health.
I am kind of a massage aficionado, so for me to say the Suzana gives the best massage I've ever had, that is the highest praise I can give.
She is also incredibly friendly, professional, and has an innate understanding of when i feel like chatting during a massage, or when I just want to lay there and relax.
This place is similar to Massage Envy with monthly memberships that come with one massage per month, and you can add more massages if you like.
If you do not use your massage for that month, it rolls over as a credit for the next month.
Their rates are about $10 per month more than massage Envy, but the quality of their staff is better.
Massage Envy tends to hire directly out of Massage Schools, while Elements hires people who have at least a year of experience.
Since they pay their people a little better, they tend to get a higher quality of therapists.
Give them a call and book a massage with Suzana,  You will not be disappointed.

Update: Tara is a very good therapist.
I join their membership now because of Tara.
Downside: Tara is pretty popular so it's hard to get an appointment with her.

PLEASE schedule a massage with Markus...he is a goldmine for the body!
His knowledge of the skeletal and muscle structure results in a session of healing and relaxation.
Thank you Markus!

Start your review...We love this place.
My wife and I bought a groupon for this place and were very impressed with the way we were the staff treated us.
A much needed massage was in store.
Can I tell you I had Aiyssa and my wife had Dana Marie these girls rocked.
A big thank you to both.
They very knowledgeable and worked out every part that needed help without issues.
Being that we love massages and my wife works in the spa industry we know what we want.
We will definatlely be back and recommend this place to all friends.
Once agin THANK YOU!!!
Alyssa and Dana Marie :)

This place is the place to get a massage.
They are well trained and very friendly.
I won't tell you who I use because I want to keep her for myself.
He'll she is busy enough as it is!

Oh gosh.
I've never woken up with so much pain the day after my massage.
My masseuse was so rough and the session felt so rushed.
Probably won't be returning again as I'd like to feel relaxed during my massage, not punished.

As I stated before, my loyalty is to the massage therapist, not the salon.
My therapist Suzanna moved to Massage Heights on Stephanie and Warm Springs, so that leaves me little reason to return to this location.
Coincidentally, the prices for their upgraded monthly memberships are much lower than Elements.
At Massage Heights, the $79 per month package gets you a 90 minute massage each month with a free Hot Stone upgrade.

