Family stayed here while on a weekend stay in Madison to see the Univ.
Wisc football game.
This is a very nice hotel for families on a weekend, or for business travelers.
We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite; both beds were king-sized and very comfortable.
We had a refrigerator, microwave, and coffee maker.
Big bathroom was very nice.
At $139 plus taxes ($20).
It is a very good deal.
The hotel is about 20 mins.
from downtown.
The staff is very friendly and accommodating.
Has a buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Pool is so small, it is not really a pool for swimming, has nice work out room, and the pool-hot tub area is very clean and pleasant.

We stayed here on a Saturday night after catching a concert in the Dells.
Cambria Suites is located in an office park on the east side of Madison.
The styling of this hotel is very contemporary and comparable to the Hyatt place.
The room we stayed in was a king room, and it had a separate office area, 2- 32 inch flat panel tvs, and a very spacious bathroom.
There is a nice shelf wall that divides the office area from the bed area.
For under $100, this place was a steal.
The only downsides were that the tvs were a little small for the room and there was no free breakfast.
Overall, I would stay here again.
Its a nice alternative to the Super 8 and some of the more rundown Madison hotels.

A very nice hotel with suites instead of rooms.
It's relatively new (2 years old?
) and well designed throughout.
The rooms are comfortable in size with lots of electrical outlets (one of my peeves with many hotels), very nice furniture in the rooms and a comfortable lobby area.
They make a decent latte in the morning too.
The cost for a room is very reasonable considering how nice the hotel is.
My only complaint is that it is located several miles from the center of town so there aren't any decent restaurants that are nearby.
In any case I'd definitely come back here.

Very nice rooms.
Quiet and peaceful.
Away from Madison downtown but worth the drive.

Stayed here over a weekend  for a wedding and although the place was full to the gills, I had no complaints.
I had a 2 queen suite which could sleep 6 with the pull out couch if you needed it and it was beautiful.
2 large flat panel TVs in the room (one in the bed area, one by the couch) made it comfortable for my insomniac friend to watch TV in the couch/desk area when I went to bed.
The room had a mini fridge and a microwave in addition to the standard tiny coffee maker - we didn't use these things but they'd be nice for a longer stay.
The bathroom was generously sized and was stocked with Bath&Body Works products.
At check in we were supplied with complementary breakfast buffet passes.
The breakfast was great for free, hash-browns, bacon ,sausage, (instant) scrambled eggs, fruit, yogurt, cereal and the standard mini muffins & bagels.
Juice/milk/coffee were also provided.
We didn't have time to use the pool or exercise facilities, but they were there and seemed nice.
With taxes I paid about $140/night and I feel like I got my moneys worth.
As a Madisonian I can tell you that this is definitely not in the heart of the city, but if you don't mind that, I recommend this hotel for your stay!

Nice hotel with crappy wireless.
When traveling for work you need wifi and this place was bogged down every night to dial up speed, if you could even get onto the network.

I love Cambria Suites so much I wish there was one in every city I visit because it would be the only place I'd stay.
The hotels are clean, beautiful, and inexpensive.
The pool area is small and the wireless service was slow, but overall I still love this hotel as it's one of the very few that I feel comfortable staying in because it's so clean.
My only complaint is that the guy taking care of the bar could stand to smile once in awhile.
In a service position you need to be friendlier than this guy was.

This place is new, clean, top of the line, hi-tech, everything you'd want and more.
And if you stay here make sure you go check out Takumi Japanese for dinner... its really freaking good...
I suggest the alligator roll.

I stay here Monday through Thursday almost every week.
This hotel is very clean and the staff is exceptional.
Since Cambria Suites isn't a very well known hotel name.
I often compare it with a Hyatt Place.
It's a very similar concept.
The rooms are modern but comfortable.
They all have 2 TV's, a refrigerator and a large bathroom.
The lobby has an informal walk-up bar and a limited menu that has a lot of staples.
There's also a hot tub and pool....that no one (but me) ever uses and a nice size gym.
I also love the paths that surround the hotel for running.
Try it, you'll like it.

Very nice hotel.
Newer facility in office park.
The room was good sized.
There are flat screen tvs, a desk, a separate seating area, and very comfortable beds.
I slept great.
The breakfast looked good although I only had the yogurt.

I'm a little on the fence between two and three stars.
Can I unofficially give it 2.5 stars?
We chose Cambria because we wanted to get out of town for the weekend and they were offering a pretty good deal through Groupon.
The place it new and nicely decorated but I felt it was a bit loud and the walls were kind of thin.
Most frustrating is that even though the rooms have individual thermostats, the heat/air is the usual hotel-style super loud unit under the window.
I mean, super loud.
It woke me up every time it kicked on.
That combined with a noisy neighbor left me exhausted in the morning, not the escape I was hoping for.
The location is ok I guess if you don't mind driving every time you want to go down town (if you're looking at a Groupon they may be offering, the picture is misleading, it implies that they are downtown).

Just stayed for the weekend, and had one of the best times.
Staff was very nice, rooms were very clean and modern.
I like having the separate sitting room from where the bed is.
There is one thing that they could improve though.
I wanted to sleep in, but the sun woke me up each day because there is only a sheer curtain, so ask for a room on the west side if you want to sleep in.
This would not keep me away though I would definitely stay here again.

I loved this place!
I would have given it five stars, but FREE breakfast through Hampton Inns beats Cambria Suites.
If you are use to the Hampton Inn standard: clean facilities, new furniture and structure, great customer service and a comfortable bed.
This is the place for you!
Not to mention, this is one of the few hotels with all cable channels and HBO.
It seems we have gotten away from the days of when hotels would advertise "Free HBO/Cinemax and A/C.
" Both of these were great.
The wi-Fi is very strong and awesome.
We streamed YouTube for my son's dinosaurs shows and it worked perfectly.
All around, this was a five star hotel, but Free breakfast would be nice.

Great!
Clean, spacious rooms, comfy beds, nice bathrooms, upgraded features, friendly staff, decent  (pay) breakfast!
We scored this place via a mystery hotel through Expedia or Travelocity or something - so the price was right.
Only downside - location wasn't really ideal for us.
Overall, nice place and a place we'd consider again in the future.

Big, clean rooms.
Modern design.
Comfortable, quiet and easy access off of highway.

The Cambria is really nice and I have always enjoyed staying here.
The lobby area is spacious and open and the restaurant/bar area is well laid out.
Pool is small but nice and clean and I find the people who work here nice and inviting.
Rooms are suites complete with two flat panel TV S, microwave and frig.
Beds are comfortable and housekeeping is timely and complete.
Wi-fi was slow at times especially using my Apple TV.
Parking is a bit of a pain at times but all in all this a nice property.
Breakfast buffet is average but satisfying.

For a family getaway, we opted to stick to the Cambria Suites chain and thoroughly enjoyed our experience.
The suites were spacious and comfortable.
We were a little surprised not to see a safe in the suite but just a small detail.
Customer service was extra friendly and helpful.
The pool was a bit small and shallow but the perfect size for our young children.
We love the Cambria Suites brand and look forward to our next visit!
We did opt out of the breakfast buffet and hit up Cracker Barrel nearby instead.

