New place in Hard Rock, I thought I would check it out.
I ordered a panini, and was given a cold sandwich.
I then informed the clerk that a panini is supposed to be warm..and pressed.
She was pretty rude about it and said, "you know it would have been fine either way" when I got the sandwich back thrown sloppily into a bag I took a bite.. and it was still cold in the middle.
Big time fail.
I will never go back.
When I checked my reciept to see the name of the place for the review, i also noticed that I was overcharged..

While staying at the HRH this unique coffee shop was a treat!
The coffee drinks, delectable pastries and sandwiches made it the best option around for breakfast or a quick bite.
Make sure not to leave without trying one of the empanadas!
The only complaint was that the last time I was there they weren't offering the Açaí smoothie that they had initially.
All in all though the baristas were attentive and pleasant.
Where to get breakfast was always an easy decision :D

This place definitely hit the spot 4 days in a row during my last vacation to Sin City!
Their paninis are delicious!
They have naked juice, fresh fruit, and best of all, it's relatively cheap (considering the fact that this is Vegas).
My favorite panini was the "Quixote".

I was pleasantly surprised to find this place situated right next to the Paradise Tower elevators.
They actually pull of the Italian café feel pretty well considering they are in a Vegas hotel.
Great selection of sandwiches, desserts, a full coffee bar and gelato to boot.
And the prices weren't that bad considering they were the closest place I could purchase food at after rolling out of bed - - their coffee is $2 (less than the Sbux down the hall) and a small gelato is only $3.

Alright, they make some bad-mothuh-truckin' espresso drinks, so I am definitely a fan.
For Vegas, the prices are pretty legit (i.e.
$4.75 for a large blended drink, $4.00 for a medium latte, etc.
etc.
)  There is a Starbucks right around the corner--well, around the corner and down some way--but I would take the time to head to Espumoso just because the cost is about the same, but the drinks really do taste better.
The service is lacking a little bit, but what can you expect?
It's the Hard Rock Hotel and all of those kids working there have some kind of attitude (unless you're in the HRH tower, then you're golden)  Go forth my dear reader, and enjoy some coffee made with a REAL espresso machine.

Grease and coffee smell are mixed in the most unpleasant way.
Not so inspiring.
Espresso is average, at best.

