When my family visited Hong Kong Kitchen II the first thing I noticed is that the family dining area can be moved around to host a large group of people.
Its also very clean while we were there for the 1 1/2 we noticed constant cleaning.
The bathrooms are also spotless and smell nice.
The Food: (Hunan, Mandarin Hong Kong Style)  No M.S.G All the food that we ordered tasted fresh and was full of flavor.
During our meal the wait staff stopped by often and paid attention to see if we were looking at them in a way that says, please come here I need something.
Often Chinese food tastes over salted but this was not the case.
My wife had the sweet and sour chicken because our children 2 and 4 could dip it into the sauce, it was not over done and the vegetables were also fresh and high quality.
I ordered the wonton soup and I have noticed that not every place makes it the same.
The wonton's were solid and tasted good but the  chicken broth of the soup was weak and lacked other meat such as shrimp or pieces of chicken.
The best wonton soup in the city is hosted at "PF Changs" which has pieces of pork and shrimp.
I had the chicken Lo-Mein and I always expect the slightly greasy noodles but they didn't taste that way or like paste.
The amount of chicken in the lo-mein plenty and I felt it was a good meal  This is a family business (I asked) and they seem to have a good flow of position and were polite in teaching my children a work in Chinese.
I will always visit a family business over a standard eats in your all to common strip mall.
I will visit this place over and over again as I would like to try everything on the menu.

Good take out at affordable prices.
Not any better than Pei Wei or Pick up Stix, but very convenient if you live in the neighborhood since there isn't anything else remotely close.
I can recommend with a clean conscience.

The first time I visited the HK Kitchen I was not impressed by any means with their food but the dinning area was very clean and the staff were friendly.
I even said to myself that I would not return.
What a liar I turned out to be.
In the mood for soup and house lo mein all while trying to stay within a five mile radius, I decided to return to the HK Kitchen.
It is literally two minutes away from my house, walking distance no less.
I walked in and was immediately greeted very warmly.
I already had a notion of what I wanted so I headed straight for the counter and quickly viewed the menu.
Looking for Soup section I did not see westlake so I opted for the bowl war wonton soup and then I confirmed with myself on house lo mein.
I must have waited about 15-17 minutes tops before my order was ready.
I paid and as I was walking out clients slowly began to pour in.
Filling the place to half capacity.
I arrive home and immediately started with the soup naturally.
To my surprise the soup was good and loaded with meat and veggies.
Then I attacked the noodles.
Again I was shocked as the noodles were much better than last time.
I mean they weren't awesome, but they were good.
Seems like something changed at the HK Kitchen.
After this experience I am likely to return.

So, pretty dang impressed by this place for sure.
These guys took the food quality to the next level compared to all the other places serving the same style of food.
I had the veggie lo mein and it was fantastic ... cheap prices too - the lunch menu was big, lots of choices and I think mine was like 5.95 ... super cheap and so much food.
Great service and I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu....everything that all the rest of my group got looked amazing too and smelled so good.
They all said it was top quality and taste too.
MUST GO BACK SOON!!!

Very good food, great lunch menu and affordable all in one.
Had a meetup here with four other guys for lunch today and two of them eat here constantly and kept raving of it.
Nothing short of wonderful here but nothing extremely out of the ordinary from a Chinese restaurant to bump it to a five.
Service was excellent and timely, place was very clean, located far south east but I hear there's actually people that live out there these days so that's cool.
Lunch menu was pretty large - lots of choices and everybody mentioned that theirs was exceptional food as well.
You get the typical egg drop or hot-n-sour soup prior to the main dish coming out.
Food comes out pretty quick (crackin the whip back there).
Price was pretty cheap - good deal :)  Not sure I'll travel that far south just to eat there but if I'm around that area or need to have lunch meeting with the S.E.
SEO boys again - it'll be in my mind to return and try some more good food :)

Argh.
The first time I ordered takeaway food here it was not ready when I arrived.
I arrived 5 minutes after it was supposed to be ready and ended up waiting for 50 minutes longer.
The food took 70 minutes rather than the 15 they quoted on the phone.
Argh.
But the food was really good.
Argh.
I would have just left but we were having a conversation with someone else in line.
The line of people waiting to pick-up was all the way through the restaurant.
Argh.
Good business practices would have been to offer everyone a discount or something, maybe even serve up some munchies and drinks for the crowd waiting and growing irritable.
But no.
Argh.
But the food was really good.
Argh.
The food was so good we decided to order from Hong Kong Kitchen II again.
Argh.
This time they said 20 minutes.
I arrived 30 minutes later.
And waited an additional 15 minutes.
Argh.
And one of the two entrees was beef and not chicken.
Argh.
I may go back to Hong Kong Kitchen II but only if I'm in a patient mood.
If I had caught the mistake in my order I have to wonder, would I be there another 30 minutes or more waiting for them to get the right food?
Argh.
Serious organizational challenges here.
Tasty food, reasonable prices and a possible good location for an episode of "Kitchen Disasters.
"  Argh.

Awesome lunch for under $6.
I have never been disappointed with their dishes.
My favorite is the Chicken with Vegetables, add a little bit of spice.
2nd on my list would be the Mongolian Beef... You must like onions to appreciate that platter.
But again, I have not been disappointed with any of their dishes.

One of our new regular spots for chinese food for dine in or take out.
Good service, good prices.
Food is always fresh, flavorful and hot.
I would recommend this place.

we have been several times for lunch and dinner, and are never unhappy with the food.
Really the best chinese food place we have been to in the area by far.
Panda Express is disgusting compared to this place, it is worth a few extra miles to get good quality meal at what I think is a very fair price.
Lunch specials pricing is especially good.
Highly recommended.
Always had to-go, never stayed to eat there.

LOVE, LOVE THIS PLACE - though we only order take out....
Menu is a little limited but we've LOVED ALL ITEMS we've ordered so far.
Lunch specials are a GREAT DEAL... about $6 1-item over rice + soup + eggroll+crab rangoo.... Plus, it's only 5 minutes away....  Like this over IRON CHEF Kitchen at POWER ROAD and CHANDLER HEIGHTS....

This is about the best Chinese food I've tried around this area.
It has great flavor and fresh ingredients.
I love coming here for lunch because of the lunch menu

We order Hong Kong Kitchen for pickup 1-2 times per month, and we have for about a year and a half.
It's consistently delicious, hot, and between the call and being ready takes an absolutely consistent, and incredibly speedy, ten minutes.
We have ordered take-out from this restaurant approximately 20-25 times and we've never had to wait.
Our faves:  Teriyaki chicken Sweet & sour chicken (or pork) ALL of the lo mein dishes Egg rolls are to.
die.
for.
Fried rice -yum.

One of the better Chinese places in the area.
They know how to make some really good sauces.
The veggies and meat are very fresh and have great flavor.
However, avoid the Egg Foo Young here.
It is fake, not real eggs...it is disgusting!
I will go back

I've only had take-out from this restaurant, so I can't comment on the dining area.
The food is delish.
Very good sized portions and freshly prepared.

You get your moneys worth all of the portions are a really good size and their food is always great.
We eat here a lot because its by our home and every time is a good experience.

We are regulars here.
Usually, we call in & pick up.
The lunch specials are a great deal.
I love that they include soup (and fried rice, an egg roll, & a crab rangoon), unlike many of the other local Chinese places.
However, if you eat there, it seems the portions are larger than if you take your food to go, and tea is also included.
The General Tso's chicken here does not taste the same as that which I grew up eating on the east coast, yet the unique flavor is delicious.
We will continue to use Hong Kong Kitchen as our go-to Chinese takeout restaurant.

I am Cantonese I exactly know what wonton noodle soup should look like.
It's fine if you make a different type of wonton soup, but you should not use the name of " Hong Kong", Hong Kong or Cantonese wonton noodle soup should use Cantonese noodle not the north china noodle, wonton should have shrimp in it, the soup should made of some beef or chicken or fish broth.

HKK is close to my house.
The food is very delicious and the portion is very large.

My family and I come here all the time.
The staff always remember what we order (we are pretty consistent) the food is amazing and they are always quick and attentive.
I recommend this restaurant to every one who likes Chinese food!!

Best lunch in the area!
We have made this one of our local favorites.
The helpful staff make the experience overall a winner for our family.

Great food.
Nice size portions.
The employees are very nice.
I highly recommend this place.

If you are looking for awesome Chinese food at a great price then look no further than Hong Kong Kitchen!!
I am a frequent take out orderer and love this place.
You cannot beat their lunch specials for $6 you get a full meal with soup, egg roll and crab puff included.
Staff is very friendly and accommodating also.
General Taos chicken is my favorite :)

Actually really liked this place, the reason they received the 3 stars is because the chicken that I got was not that great.
Decor was really nice, very clean and nice chinese decorations.
Bathroom was really clean.
Lo Mein noodles were seasoned really well.
Crab Ragoon you can tell were premade however were made fresh and super yummy.
The rice that I got was good as well.
The problem with the chicken was that it was over cooked I think.
I almost believe that it was recooked.
The ends were super crispy and not juicy at all.
I ordered General Tso's chicken.
I have yet to find good Generals chicken in the valley so I will have to keep looking.

First of all, the price is definitely right.
So, I can't complain.
There is usually only one waitress working at lunch, and she hustles, but she still falls behind quite a bit.
If you order a beverage, you probably won't get a refill.
The food is hit and miss.
On our most recent visit, the chicken tasted a bit fishy, and the rice and noodles were very oily.
But, we've had some decent meals here before.
I think we'd move this up to 3 stars if the food was better of the waitress had a little help from somebody to keep the drinks full.

This place has great food at a good price.
The portions are huge enough to share which makes it super cheap.
I had been here several times and the only complaint I had was the iced tea, it was terrible.
They could also add a little more heat (spice) to their dishes, but not a big deal.
The last time I went in was a really negative experience.
I ordered the orange chicken with white rice and an extra order of the white rice.
All was fine until they brought out the orange chicken with no rice at all.
They said they didn't have any white rice.
I'm not sure why they didn't tell me that from the beginning especially since I asked for an extra order of it.
The problem was this, they had plenty of white rice but since so many people call their orders in and pick it up, they gave the rice to them.
They had the rice that I ordered, I know this because my sister-in-law (whom I turned on to this place) actually came in when my food was delivered to the table without the white rice.
I ended up just leaving the place after paying for my crab puffs and I text my sister-in-law to see if they got white rice.
Yep, they sure did.
It is not good business to do that sort of thing.
They are a Chinese restaurant...you would think they would have enough white rice, but I guess not.
It didn't seem like they understood the problem.
They said sorry and that was the extent of it.
Haven't been back since.

