I had a flat tire on the 101 today with no usable spare.
Roadside assistance dispatched my call to Quik Pik and Michael was on the scene in 20 mins.
He towed my car to Costco, but they didn't have my tires in stock.
So, he graciously towed it across the way to C&R Tire.
To make matters worse, C&R was already closed for the day so I had to leave my car overnight, but I did not have a ride home.
After making several futile attempts, I heard a knock on my car window.
Startled, I peered over and saw Michael's kind face.
He said he didn't feel right leaving me alone in the parking lot at night w/o a definite ride home and OKed it w/ his office to drop me off.
What a lifesaver!
Thanks again, Quik Pik and Michael, for quickly picking up this damsel in distress and (literally) going out of your way!!
Hopefully, you don't need a tow truck, but if you ever do, I'd highly recommend Quik Pik.

All excited to go to tonight fun Elite event at Howl at the moon...   1.
Convince beautiful wife Yelpers are fun people and not a bunch of food nerds.
Check 2.
Get off work early enough to change before the fun.
Check 3.
Pick the kids up something to eat.
Check 4.
GET STRANDED AT KFC.
CHECK 5.
Get a ride home and still try to get to the EVENT...no check.
Eat dinner @ IL Posto to help cure the blues.
Check 7.
Try jumping the battery and realize it must be the alternator.
Check 8.
Call Roadside, since I am the "Insurance Man" Check 9.
Wait 35-45 min for the super fast and friendly guy to tow the car home.
C H E C K 10. Review it because I am home and not at an EVENT.
Quik Pik was fast friendly and I hope I never have to use them again.

Got my little car smashed from "stem to stern".
Then I lost my keys for about 20 minutes.
Bad day but driver #60 was Quik, friendly and patient with me.
Like others said hope I don't have to use them again but if I do.....

DO NOT..I Repeat...DO NOT use Quik Pik Towing.
Actually they are: 5-D Leasing, L.L.C.
dba Quik Pik/All Over Towing  They don't take the shortest route so they add mileage.
My car died just as I was pulling in to where I work.
My insurance company covers towing up to a certain amount of miles.
The repair shop I chose is close to my home so I drive by it every day I go to work.
I checked the mileage from the shop to my car four times using the odometer of two different cars while I was getting rides to work.
The mileage was less than what the insurance company covered.
I called the insurance company to have it towed.
They chose Quik Pik Towing.
Quik Pik Towing arrived late.
The driver told me the mileage was higher than what the insurance company covered so I would have to pay the difference.
I explained to him that I checked the mileage and assured him it wasn't.
He said the office tells him it is and refused to load the car until I paid.
Hindsight being what it is I should have called the insurance company and told them to send someone else.
I paid.
The driver loaded the car and left.
I followed because I was curious about the mileage difference.
The driver pulled on to a residential side street and stopped (I got the feeling he was hoping that I would just drive on).
I stopped and asked him if there was a problem.
He told me he forgot to do some paperwork.
I went and sat in my car.
When I didn't immediately leave he started the truck and left.
The small amount of time furthers my belief that he didn't have forgotten paperwork and it really was an attempt to keep me from following him.
When we got on the highway he pulled away.
I tried to stick with him but when I hit 75 mph (10 mph above the speed limit) I backed off and just tried to keep him in sight.
Even at 75 mph he was pulling away quickly.
He had to be doing 85+ mph, and with my car on top.
It all became clear when I watched him pass the turn he needed to make and drive down a couple more exits before getting off.
He was adding mileage.
I intend to raise the issue with my insurance company.

After dealing with several other towing companies in the Valley I am convinced Quik Pik towing is the best out there.
The office is friendly, professional and interestingly enough all Women.
Go Girls!
The drivers are courteous, professional, and arrived in record time.
602-993-4874 They are open 7 days a week and 24 hours a day.
Thank you Quik Pik for outstanding service.

I called on my roadside assistance on my vehicle and they scheduled Quik Pik Towing to come to my car.
My Roadside assist sent me Quik Pik's # and I wasn't sure if I needed to contact them, or just wait.
I called the # and the woman who answered was very friendly and I told her about the Roadside Assist.
She said, "You must be Jeff".
I said, "Yes".
She said she had all the info and confirmed it and said it's the shift change for them, but she would send her best driver ASAP which was within 60mins.
He was at my location in 20.
He knew about all the issues with my make and model, it's a hybrid, and knew how to get it out of Park and on to his truck.
His name was Ramon and was nicest guy.
We laughed and told jokes all the way to the dealer.
I've been in the computer field for many years, and Ramon asked me what I do for a living and when I told him, he said, "I don't know much about that, but if you don't mind, tell me what your average day is like.
"  That tells me a lot about a person.
Usually people just change the subject.
What would have typically been a big inconvenience actually turned out to be not that bad at all when you are dealing with friendly and professional people.
Go Quik Pik!

I know everyone has a different experience with the same company but I must say I had an excellent experience with this tow company!!
The driver was very kind to me and showed up quickly!!
He was my life saver yesterday!!!
Thank You Quik Pik!

Awesome, Great, Terrific almost an hour less then what I was told for eta!!!
was locked out of my van and he was able to get me in, in like 10 seconds!!
saved the day!
Will definately use in the future!!!

i called to have my car towed (overheating) to the dealership.
I had already bought the coupon on here and it turns out the dealership would be doing something.
I really liked the service Kevin gave over the phone and he even found a better price than I expected.
The tow was here super quick within the hour that I called and the driver was SUPER polite and thorough.
I told him about how I jumped the coupon and he offered to bring my printed copy to the dealer to see if they could apply what I already paid.
This has been my most positive experience with a towing company although I hope no one ever needs to be towed :)

Great tow experience.
Like most people, you're never really prepared for a breakdown, so when my car had an electrical freak out in the middle of the summer on I-17, I was glad my towing coverage scheduled Quik Pik to tow me 90 miles back to Phoenix, on a Sunday.
The long drive gave me time to learn a lot about the company and the industry as a whole.
The owner spent a lot of time going over how he trains his employees and how he operates his business.
I couldn't have been happier with his level of professionalism.
In an industry that is built 100% on service, Quik Pik is a company I would recommend to friends and request thru AAA or other roadside assistance companies in the future.
Going in my cell phone for sure.

2 classic project cars needed to get to their new home, so based on Yelp reviews, we called QP Towing.
I'm so glad we did.
Joey, John, Violet and Lauren were all super helpful when making the arrangements, and Roger got our two babies moved safely.
Would defintely call them again.

Does it matter what towing company you use?
Before my experience with Quik Pik I would have said no, "They're all the same.
"  Unfortunately that is definitely not the case with this company.
The driver, David, was rude and abrasive,  suffering from some inferiority complex that made everyone around him cringe.
When I called the main line to voice my concerns and express my issues with his conduct and professionalism,  I was dismissed.
I cannot stress enough or warn others to avoid this company.
I would rather push my car over 100 miles in the middle of an Az record breaking scorching summer, burning my hands in the process,  than call these incompetent, negligent "tow specialists.

Great experience!
I needed my car towed at 4 o'clock in the morning.
Bonnie answered my call and she was very cheerful and helpful.
The driver David was also very nice and professional.
Best of all, they had my car home safe and sound in about 30 minutes!
Highly recommended tow company.

I would rather run around the I-10 blind-folded and naked in the summer than deal with these clowns again.
Run away!
'Nuff said.
I had a flat tired and called up my insurance company and they said it would be an hour.
Great no problem.
I called Quik Pik an hour and 30 mins checking to see the status, Dispatcher said they had an emergency( some wonderful little rugrat was locked in a car).
Once again, No problem.
She said it wwould be 25-35 minutes.
The driver called me 45 mins later and said it would would 45   Problem.
Big Problem.
I said excuse me?!
He then goes just keeps saying sorry sorry.
Another 30 mins later and the driver calls.
" Im in the Johnny Rockets parking lot"  That would be wonderful if I lived near one, but I dont.
He want to Tempe, I live in central Phoenix.
Blamed it on the GPS.
I was livid.
He then said he was going to get to my location right away.
Must have some magic potion, because he clearly doesn't know where I'm at.
I asked him to tell me my cross streets.
Guess what?
Wrong again.
I give him turn by turn directions and hung up then called the dispatch again.
Asking for another driver.
They said he was the closest.
WTF.
You dont have a driver in the phoenix area.
I told her she better pull someone else from another call and get them to my place asap!
25 mins later another driver said he was 10 mins away.
NICE!
making progress.
He rolls up in 10 mins and I don't know what mechanic school he went to but these fool first put the jack on my car in the wrong spot.
I told him there are indents for jacks and got on the hot asphalt and showed him.
Why did captain magoo still place it in the wrong spot.
Guess what happes when you put pressure on plastic!
Bend!
Opps.
I again show tell him where to put it.
After 4 times of his jack coming off the ground and me moving my car he finally gets it right.
Oh he whips out his phone while he is jacking, yeah thats safe!
If your insurance uses these clowns, tell them to call someone else

I was stuck in the desert in my semi tractor trailer.
They were prompt courteous and super professional.
Larry was sent to help me and had a great attitude in the heat of the desert.
I highly recommend them if you need a heavy duty wrecker.!

As I was driving home from work this past Monday during the storm, my oil light came on in my car.
So I got off the freeway at the next exit and pulled over and googled tow companies in Phoenix and Quik Pik Towing popped up.
I called them and told them I needed a tow and explained where I was.
The dispatcher was very nice and told me that due to the storm and the road conditions, that it could be up to a 2 hr wait.
I was a little upset at the time frame, but I knew that it was pretty horrible outside so I set up the tow with them.
After I hung up, I did call around to other tow companies in the area and they all gave me the same wait time, if not longer than what Quik Pik told me.
About 30 minutes later I get a call from the Quik Pik driver named Lonell and he was very nice and he told me that he was on his way to get me but it would be about an hour.
I said ok thank you for calling.
Lonell called me again 30 minutes later to let me know where he was.
It was so nice to not wonder where he was, if he is coming, is he lost.
The updates made me feel a lot better.
I never had to call the dispatcher to find out his progress.
He called again and told me he was right down the street, as I'm on the phone with him I see a pink breast cancer awareness tow truck coming down the road, which I thought was awesome, and it was Lonell.
He got out of the truck and was very friendly, nice and personable.
It was raining hard and he told me that I should wait in the truck so I didn't get drenched.
He loaded up my vehicle in a timely manner and dropped my vehicle off at the dealership and then gave me a ride home ( which saved me from having to find someone to come get me ) I am very glad I chose Quik Pik.
The service was great, the driver was friendly and not intimidating, and I really appreciated the updates that Lonell gave me.
I would recommend Quik Pik towing to anyone in need of a tow service.

I got into my car at ASU west to leave only to discover that I had a flat tire.
Grrrreeeaaatttt!!!
Me being a girl, of course I don't know how to change a flat.
Heck, I only recently discovered what a spare was!
I checked for my spare only to find that I didn't have the right tools to change it myself...I was gonna youtube it :/   I called my roadside assistance and they told me that the driver would be there anytime  between now and 60 minutes.
Based on my previous experiences with tow truck companies, that usually means 2 hours.
I was fine with it since I was in a safe spot with a friend.
To my surprise, 40 minutes later, I get a call from Darrell, the driver.
He was super nice and friendly.
He checked my tire and told me that he could change it if I'd like.
Heck yes!
So he went to get my spare and guess what he found?
All the tools to change a flat right there in my trunk!
I'm such a girl!
After he changed my tire, he checked all my tires and being they were all low on air, he filled them and I was on my way in no time!!
Super super amazing service!
Thanks QP and Darrell for saving the night!
I definitely recommend QP if you need roadside assistance!

Let me tell you that these guys are super reliable and super friendly staff.
I ran a bit late for them to tow a vehicle I had parked and they waited for me patiently.
Reliable and best deals in phx!!

Brett came and picked up my car when it left my wife stranded on the roadside.
He arrived faster than the quoted time was very friendly and problem solved when I found out I didn't have a tow hook for my car.
He also was knowledgable about my car and new how to get it in neutral when it wouldn't power on.
Definitely would recommend.

Stuck at work due to a car issue.
Got the run around from several other places.
My driver Otis showed up and saved the day, and took me to a 24 hour service shop nearby that had me in and out the same night.
Thank you Quik Pik and Otis for being the only good part of an otherwise terrible day.

Three hours for a tow truck to arrive!
I called my road assistance service to arrange a tow truck.
Quick Pik/All Over Towing picked up the call.
The first eta 1 hr and 30 min... After waiting 90 min called Quik Pik provider they said they were backed up and it would be another hour.
When asked why I wasn't notified they didn't have a response.
I asked where the tow truck driver was, dispatcher responded they had no way of tracking.
Called back 1 hr 15 min later and BONNIE stated they just got the call an hour ago.
I corrected her and she said there was nothing she could do about it and stated they did "expedite" my call.
Bonnie is not very bright bc if she was sticking to her story of only being an hour why would they expedite my call?!
To add she stated that she saw the driver's location on GPS and he was within minutes away.
I thought it was pretty amazing that the company had a tracking system installed within 1 hr and 15min.
I tried to get Bonnie to give me an estimate and she stated she would have the driver call me immediately with an ETA... That didn't happen.
15 minutes later I called the road assistance service back and explained the situation.
They called Bonnie.
Bonnie told them a blatant lie and stated she just got off the phone with me not even 5 min ago and she had told me the driver would be there in 15 min.
Again not very bright of Bonnie because the road side assistance co and I had been on the phone with each other for more than 5 min at that time.
When the tow truck driver arrived approximately 25 minutes later he was courtesy, but the fact that I was left stranded for 3 hrs really is an indication of what this company is all about!

Love these guys!
Great service, arrived amazingly fast and took care of me and my car when I was in a car accident this week.
Highly recommend them.

Had my truck towed to my place from work.....broken pulley n power steering went out with everything the belt was turning.....so I called these guys n got some great service....Sal was great at towing the truck home....only thing was the price lol....but great service.

Like the others have said, amazingly fast service, and friendly & courteous right along with it.
The price is standard; I couldn't imagine paying $5 or 10 less and having a subpar experience.
This company was actually the 4th I had called and picked up promptly.
From now on they will be the first I call, without hesitation.
The driver even left me a coupon for a local mechanic to save me some money on repairs.
Very good experience.

