AZ Body Mechanics is the ultimate full body healing location.
You can basically do everything there from massage, to chiropractic services.
In addition, they offer free workouts with stuff like P90X and Insanity.
Very cool indeed.

AZ Body mechanics is great!
They have a lot to offer.
In office myotherapy, pilates reformer sessions, inexpensive group classes, great friendly staff, and Dr Ehren is great at what he does.
I have only been going for a few weeks and I feel so much better already!
The office is very relaxed and the main room looks more like a mini gym, rather than a stuffy doctor's office.
Check it out!

AZ Body Mechanics is awesome!
The staff is friendly and Dr. Ehren always welcomes you with a smile and inquires how you are feeling.
You can tell he truly cares.
I've had 3 back surgeries and have utilized Pilates in my rehabilitation after those surgeries.
Lesley Shea is the BEST instructor I've ever had.
She pushes me hard to get a great work-out, all the while paying careful attention to my back condition.
I haven't felt this good in a very long time!
Thanks Lesley!
You're the bomb!

Over 3 years ago i hobbled into az body mechanics, hopeless w a diagnosis of "probable Somataform Disorder", (i.e pain is in my head) a confirmed diagnosis of an Immune System Dysfunction, Fibro and Rhematoid Arthritis diagnosis.
I was also 50 pounds overweight from steroid medications.
The day I walked in the door dr. Ehren Doty he told me as long as I wanted to get healthy they would never turn me away.
Three years later 50 pounds lighter and glowing with health,just like their new office/studio at City North,he and his wife Stacey Dewolf have proven themselves to be true to their word, with their help and guidance I have utilized all modalities they offer, Chiropractic, Pilates, Myotherapy and Nutritional.
I have NEVER felt like I was being sold anything, or pushed into something I wasn't comfortable.
I have my masters degre in nursing and have travelled the country to find someplace that could help and guide me in my desire to regain my health, so I believe that my background may give credence to my claims.
The best gifts come from the mouths of friends and strangers commenting on my physique, some friends have actually asked if I had breast surgery, a tummy tuck and a face lift!!!!
Nope, just having my body and psyche worked on at the Body Mechanics!

I went to their website and they had posted under promos $89.00/unlimited Pilates monthly if a referral and also $79.00/unlimited if joined with a friend, they also had a holiday package if you bought 10 classes for $250 you got 2 free.
I was sent in by a referral and asked about the special.
I was informed they were in the process of removing that ad and offered me the 10 classes for $250.
I asked them if they would honor since it was still on the web site ( I literally looked up the number from the site and called) I was told it was no longer the special and she would let management know about it still being there.
Aren't there laws against false advertisement?
I think if nothing else it would be good and honorable business to stand behind your advertising, even if it is not correct.
Alison

Just recently signed up for the unlimited groupon and loved it.
One of the best workouts I've ever had.
Now I am a member.
Rhapsody, Jenni, and Renae are all excellent instructors.

