Shop.
Sip.
Savor.
What a concept!
After an exhuasting day of shopping, what a perfect thing to do is slip right into Fred's, located on the 2nd floor of Barney's.
Sexy Bar area with dark lighting.
All the service, from the moment we entered, to being seated, to drink & food orders, was impecable.
Racheal, the Assistant GM, came over several times to inquire how things were tasting, gave personal suggestions, tips & insider info.
Richie, the bartender, shook the perfect martinis.
We tried new Sobieske Vodka, (smooooth), his special signature Pomegrante Drop, (sugared rim), French Manicure (only for those who like them sweet), and the man drink: 007, (grey goose, Tanqueray, blue cheese stuffed olives).
The pomme frites we presented in a tall glass wrapped in parchment paper & served with 3 sauces for dipping.
(i much rather fries from Burbon Steak, or the garlic truffle fries at Greenhouse).
These were more like large steak fries.
But, still good & hot.
Emilia Romagna White Pizza with 12 year old Balsamic glaze was pretty ok.
I would have preferred a thinner crust.
Was a bit dry from  too much parmasean.
My 5 stars are obvisouly based on the awesome attention we recieved, treated with the ut-most respect (HTF), and service from days gone by!
I will denfinatley be back for their AMAZING HAPPY HOUR which is EVERYDAY, 4-7.

Yabba, Dabba, Doo!
:-)  http://tinyurl.com/45psjk  That's what I thought the first time we strolled into Fred's at Barney's in Scottsdale Fashion Square (BTW, anyone have any idea why they call it "Scottsdale Fashion Square"?...It's not a Square...it may or may not be Fashionable, too close to call...It is in Scottsdale...so, maybe 1  1/2 out of 3?
:-)  How wrong I was about the origin of the name, and how very happy I am to have found one of the best little restaurant and bar combo's in all of Scottsdale.
The place is actually named for Barney's son, Fred (also apparently long departed, like Barney, for the great cocktail lounge in the sky:)  But I'm still here and while I am, I will take every opportunity I get to soak up the cocktails, food, ambiance, service and convivial chatter at Fred's:)  Fred's is as pleasant a place to dine as anyplace I've found in Scottsdale...the food and cocktails are excellent, the service is as good as anywhere in town, the room itself is both comfortable and sophisticated (overlooking scenic Scottsdale Rd....although the décor and scenery inside is also delightful...esp.
at lunch during the week...if there is a larger gathering of attractive women in a single place at noon, I don't know where it would be:)... and the people...they are all first string...everyone at Fred's is a delight, from the hostesses and wait staff, to Richie the Barman (more about our pal, Richie later), and the managers of Fred's:)  After working all morning and finally finishing things up for 2009, it was time for a cocktail:)  The Beautiful Carin and I dropped by Fred's to ring in the New Year (at least it was midnight in Minsk, Prague and London while we were there:)  That's right, we closed Fred's down, yesterday...at 5:00 pm:)  We sat at the bar and had some delightful afternoon snacks and several cocktails as we chatted and laughed with Richie, the bar manager (and the Best Barman in Arizona:) and several other afternoon revelers (including the guys who put together all of Barney's "look and feel"...incredibly talented guys:)  More about Richie...Richie is simply the best barman I've encountered here in Scottsdale...he's a certified genius at creating cocktails that are both imaginative and tasty...the 007 martini, the Pomegranate Lemon Drop (Richie's Special), his brand new Blueberry...10 oz's.
of ice cold, alcoholic pleasure in a glass:)...and Richie is the kind of guy that makes me feel like I'm in Manhattan, sitting in the bar at the Waldorf, helping the barman solve the problems of the world...he can talk about anything and he's got that great NYC personality:-)  Even more than the cocktails, the atmosphere is stylish and sophisticated...something that other bars and restaurants try for, but can't (quite frankly) match...again, Fred's feels more like Manhattan than Scottsdale...and that is the right atmosphere for this marvelous little spot:)  David (the GM) has put together a very talented team of the best and brightest from a number of high end establishments in the Valley of the Sun and essentially given them free reign..."Here's the framework, create what you want and the customers will come".
The result is an interesting menu and top notch execution (where even the Club Sandwich and Pomme Frites both have interesting and subtle notes), where everything is made with fresh local ingredients and obvious care and attention to detail:)  No kidding, even the chicken wing appetizer is spectacular!...
(you should see the "ladies who lunch" hoover those little bad boys down...delightful:-)  Fred's just charms me:)  So, I think I can be forgiven for my little bit of whimsy (you know, the Flintstones thing:) because Fred's (and Barney's, by extension) inspire a little bit of whimsy...especially after two or three of Richie's signature martinis:)  Yabba, Dabba, Doo!

I don't get it.
There are so many things in this restaurant that don't make sense.
The dining room was clearly well designed and comfortable, but why are the servers dressed like they work at Olive Garden?
It seems as though it was caught in a weird fine/casual dining vortex.
The menu was pretty boring, if well executed.
The service was perfect, but again, those tacky red ties!
I think there are so many restaurants in Phoenix at this price-point that are more imaginative and serve tastier food.
There was nothing overtly wrong, but nothing that made me want to go back.

I mean who doesn't love walking into Fred's and eating lunch in the middle of Barneys...I've been twice and honestly had a great experience!
amazing service and delicious food.
Once for brunch - I had the prix fix brunch that includes a salad, brunch entree, drink, dessert AND coffee... for 24 bucks!
not a bad deal....  second time I came was a little different - I strolled in with a friend and we had a boozy weekday lunch - he had the burger and I had the chicken salad...he ordered a manhattan which he exclaimed was the best one he's ever had and I had a delicious pinot grigio (micah I MISSSSS you!!
) but the wait staff was the best!
we made friends with them and chatted them up for almost two hours... they kept coming over and gave us cute places to go too... they were really sweet!!!
Too bad its INSANELY overpriced like the Proenza Schoulers!

Being the foodie that my husband and I both are, how we didn't know about this gem long before now still surprises me.
After talking about it with some friends we finally ventured in last night for happy hour and I already can't wait to get back!
Their happy hour menu was great - $5 pizza's, wings, bruschetta and more.
Upon talking to their GM we learned that all their pasta is made fresh in house and a lot of their ingredients are imported directly from Italy.
In our short talk you could tell that there is a lot of thought going into how everything is organized, prepared and made and they care about customers' feedback.
I couldn't believe how quiet it was for a happy hour though and it made me think about how many people probably don't even know it is there.
Even though it is located in Barney's, that atmosphere is welcoming to anyone - there is no pretentiousness.
I hope more people find the elevator at the Valet entrance for Barney's, take it to the second floor and experience the quaint restaurant for themselves.

Fred, Ethel, Lucyyyyyyyyyyy!
I like-a dis place!
I have been here 4 times..can't believe I haven't yelped it yet..but I have been taking a writing hiatis because my 4000 texts and 2800 talk minutes seem to be eating up all my time.
Speaking of eating up...you've got to come eat up the grilled asparagus with melted Parmesan and balsamic drizzle...frizzle de dizzle..me good!!
I have to get it every time!
The bartender is awesome here!!
The drinks are divine, the peeps hanging around to take care of your every whim...who could ask for anything more?
Oh wait..I can!
And they delivered..free valet outside the south entrance with an outside elevator just for Fred's!
Oh no they di-'nt?
Oh ya..they did!
And on top of all that, Tony down in the shoe department has no problem pouring you a glass of vino and putting dessert on your feet!
Yes I did, and it was well worth it!
Love you Fred!

I had a fabulous experience here at Fred's after aimlessly wandering through Scottsdale Fashion Square.
It was a weird time when the urge to eat hit the bf and me - right around 4:30pm.
Fred's to the rescue!
The bartender/server that evening was REALLY nice, allowing us to order off the Happy Hour menu even though that began at 5.
I ordered a Nicoise salad ($19), and the bf had a delicious Angus Burger ($14).
The pomme frites were also to die for, and came with two different types of sauces.
I think one was an aioli-type and the other was also mayo-based.
I usually don't like mayo, but I gobbled this up!
And, yes, I know it's ridiculous to pay $19 for a SALAD, but it was so good and fresh and came with grilled medallions of tuna with baby lettuce, cucumbers, olives, anchovies, tomatoes, haricot vert, potatoes & boiled eggs tossed in a mustard-lemon dressing.
Mmmm.
And these were huge portions, so you really aren't getting ripped off.
Ask the bartender for his famous Manhattan.
It's the best you'll ever have.
I swear.

it's mother's day, and i wanted something a little swanky for my mom.
she's rad, and she deserves a nice brunch.
fred's definitely fit the bill.
the decor, with it's dazzling wood, beautiful booths, round tables and comfy, round-ish chairs was impressive.
everything was cushy and chic.
it's a small place, with impeccable service and a fantastic menu.
everyone except g opted for brunch.
for something like $28 per person you got a beverage (mimosa, bloody mary, sparkling wine or soda),  entree, side salad and a shared basket of muffins, scones and pastries.
they looked so awesome, and g said they were (i couldn't indulge ... this low carb thing sucks sometimes!).
everyone agreed brunch was lovely - eggs really do taste better when they're locally sourced and cage free.
my omlette was excellent - spinach, cheddar and 3 eggs.
the home fries were crispy and well seasoned (well, the two bites i ate - again, this low carb thing sucks!).
g had a turkey club, which comes with the crust cut off - i thought that was a cute touch.
the turkey was the kind you have for thanksgiving, not the standard chopped and pressed lunch meat crap.
everyone was drooling over his fries, which he gladly shared.
the only hiccup during the meal was g's iced tea.
it came out more milky than transparent and he said it tasted odd.
the server noticed it when she came back to the table, commenting that it looked "strange" and offered to bring him green tea instead.
g's chill like that and accepted the green tea, but would have preferred a properly made iced tea.
oh well.
our meal ended with our server presenting mom with a special goody bag of beauty samples.
it was stuffed with great stuff that i'm sure she'll be addicted to shortly - sorry dad!
;)  4 stars to you fred.
you deserve it.

Had dinner at Fred's last night.
I like the design, and a big window overlooks Scottsdale road.
Feels like being in a big city.
Advice - talk to the sales staff in the store on your way in, mention where you are headed (or mention you are considering Fred's) and they may give you a card for a free glass of wine.
It was good - expensive, but not terribly overpriced given the location.
The menu had lots of good choices - we had rigatoni with broccoli rabe recommended by the bartender, and the salmon - both were very good.
The salmon was cooked perfectly - I give them props - ever so slightly charred on the outside and moist on the inside.
When I cook salmon its usually soggy on the outside and dry on the inside.
Here's my two complaints:  I thought the wine list was overpriced.
But I always think the wine list is overpriced.
If I pay $10 for a glass of wine, it should be better than the $6.99 bottle I get at Trader Joes - they rarely are.
And, in Phoenix in July, a glass of water should be automatic - it wasn't last night.
I asked twice, and never received one.

Scottsdale Fashion Square Shrimp Salad.
That's what I ordered both times I lunched at Fred's and both times I was extremely satisfied!
I was also impressed with the friendly and attentive service and the welcoming, fun atmosphere of the restaurant.
I must admit, I was hesitant to eat at Fred's - I had an image of snooty staff and crazy expensive menu items.
But this image in my head was proved wrong when I went in for happy hour several months ago; i had a very pleasant experience.
And then with so many four and five star Yelp reviews, I just had to make my way back for lunch!
Try their flavored iced tea - it's really refreshing and tasty... and the fresh bread they serve adds just the right carb deliciousness to the meal.
I recommend dipping it in the olive oil on the table.
I look forward to returning to Fred's for brunch and/or dinner.
And while I overheard someone say that Fred's has the best Creme Brulee in the world, that Meyer Lemon Square sounds more up my alley!
***Oh, and a pointer for those that don't want to be tempted to shop at Barney's if you decide to dine at Fred's.
Park out front on the Camelback side of the building and go straight to Fred's via the elevator outside.
It's worked for me so far... it's a treat enough to dine at Fred's (as it will cost you a pretty penny).

Good God!
How did this place rate "$$"???
Baltimore Crab Cakes $34 With a red cabbage slaw, remoulade sauce and Belgian pommes frites  FOR LUNCH?!

Dined here for the 2nd time last night.
Had the crab cake the first time and I hate to say but I've had much better.
Last night I had the omelet and salad.
They put anything you want in the omelet.
I had Swiss cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes and asparagus.
It was delicious.
I can't say enough about the great staff.
Very friendly and attentive.
The view is great and we enjoyed watching the monsoon hit the windows last night!

Thank you to Sarah L for bringing to my attention that the lunch menu from which I got my information about the $34 crab cake entree was for the NYC location.
However, I did note that the crab cake appetizer at the Scottsdale location  - presumably a smaller portion than the lunch entree - is $16.
Yes, yes.
It is Barney's and I understand the premium pricing.
What I question is how Fred's scored only $$.
I often eat out with those on a tighter foodie budget than mine; the $$ is misleading, when Oregano's is also $$.
Just sayin'.

Easy in, easy out.
So not Fashion Square.
Fred's validates when you leave your car with the valet on the south side of the bldg.
Have the valet point you to the nearby elevator that will take you directly into Fred's.
No need to walk through the store if you're like me and just have to get to that first cocktail right away.
Between their free speedy valet and direct entry, getting to and from Fred's is as easy as anyplace, and certainly less hassle than any other restaurant at SFS or Waterfront.
Their manager used to run T. Cooks at the Royal Palms and brought a chef and some servers with him.
So the service is impeccable, yet not stuffy at all (which I found T. Cooks to be).
They love nothing more than talking about the place with customers.
If you have the opportunity to meet the chef, don't pass it up.
To say he's maniacal about the food he serves is an understatement.
I mean, who makes their own bagels from scratch around here?
He makes just about everything from scratch, and have him describe to you sometime what went into making the day's special.
Some dishes are a multi-day process.
The salads are excellent, happy hour is wonderful - especially if SFS has thoroughly burned you out - and brunch is elegant and relaxing.
Never had a bad thing at Fred's.
Not to mention it's a wonderfully stylish place to look at and be seen in.
There is one thing you must at all costs stay away from for your own sake...do not, nay, never sit in the lovely low, chrome and white vinyl chairs they have at the tables in the dining room.
Sit in the bar.
Sit at a booth.
Stand in the middle of the room.
But unless you have a chiropractor on retainer, stay away from the torture chairs!

Had a wonderful Birthday lunch here yesterday.....while it is officially my Birthday today....I am expecting our baby today!
Yay!
So to be on the safe side we celebrated early.
We had a wonderful meal....my husband ordered the Bourbon Street Brunch which he loved.....highly recommend this!
And I ordered the shrimp salad which was very, very good!
I ate half of my husband's brunch as well as my salad so I can confidently say it was all delicious!
The staff are wonderful....super efficient, knowledgeable and happy.
We both really loved the atmosphere....the booths are super comfy (coming from a 9 month pregnant woman this means something!
) and have some nice views of the area.
To top it all off on this day they had a wonderful Jazz band playing and they were amazing.
My husband asked them to sing Happy Birthday to me and what a Birthday serenade it turned out to be!
The Jazz singer (wish I knew her name) ..... came right up to our table and sang directly to me ad libbing extra lyrics as she went and was just incredible!!!
A one in a million voice!
I have never had anyone sing like that for me before and probably never will again.
It really made my day : )  Here is a link to this wonderful serenade ....   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYqWzVFwOag

Fred's is exactly how I imagined a Barney's restaurant would be.
Everything is trendy and stark.
And from the menu down to the seating, everything in the restaurant just exudes "cool.
" But, cool enough or not, I gave it a go and I'm happy I did!
I've been hearing about Fred's Sunday brunch since they opened.
With a Bourbon Street brunch menu and live New Orleans jazz, it sounded like a perfect spot to take my Mom who was visiting from out of town.
And it was!
As we entered, I noticed how the restaurant is bright and open and allows you to look down into Old Town.
The decor was cool (of course) with blacks, whites and grays.
We sat down in a comfortable window seat booth near the live musician singing and playing jazz on the piano.
The staff was immediately friendly and the menu offered us our choice of a variety of options ranging from salads, to brunch to pizza.
In honor of Sunday brunch, I went for the Italian's version of huevos rancheros made with their homemade bruschetta and my Mom opted for the Chicken Salad.
The iced tea was refreshing and I could have solely focused on the variety bread they brought out and I would have been satisfied.
My meal was good but a little too rich for my appetite.
It was flowing with a sauce that resembled marina sauce and it came with a side of potatoes.
If you like huevos rancheros and you like Italian food, this would be a good choice.
Unfortunately it just wasn't exactly what I was hoping for but still quite delicious and it's not Fred's fault that I ordered something just too rich for my appetite this visit.
I ended up having some of my Mom's chicken salad which was light and fresh.
The dressing was a little light but it still had a nice taste to it.
I really liked it and secretly coveted her decision.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere at Fred's and it's a perfect place to relax and catch up.
Next time I return, I'll go the salad route or possibly the Bourbon Street Brunch which sounded amazing.

I've been here for lunch a couple times and decided to check out their happy hour.
Sitting in the bar area they offer a limited food menu at great prices.
We ordered the fries and chicken wings.
The fries came with three dipping sauces and all three were good.
The wings were meaty and seasoned very well.
I enjoyed a Kiltlifter beer in the bottle.
Next time I want to try one of their flatbread pizzas.

Dinner here was surprisingly good.
First off the experience was filled with amazing people, from hostess to waiter and manager, all were extremely accommodating.
"Simple food done well" was how I saw the menu and decided on their pizza.
The food was excellent, great ambiance and half-price wine on Wednesday's made this a superb decision.
I would definitely go back.

GREAT, GREAT SERVICE.
People are wonderful and the food is great, you will enjoy everything.

I feel bad to not give Fred's more than 2 stars but can't.
Not impressed by Barney'sand was hoping to be at least impressed by Fred's.
Although it was packed at lunch and we had no choice but to sit at the bar for lunch, the decor and ambiance were well done but the servers were way overdressed and acted as if in a super fine dining establishment....um, its Fred's.
I am not saying I had a bad experience....I didnt....I guess the most disappointing part was simply the hype of it and it really being nothing more than being like the hype of a Krispy Kreme or an In-n-Out burger just taking shape....I think that long term this place will struggle after the "brand new" phase sets in....I could be wrong but why mess with the awful mall crowd to get to the second floor of Barney's for a crammed, overpriced meal that you can get anyhwhere else in Scottsdale for cheaper, tastier, and actually breathe?
Yeah, I know the lifelong and bread NY's will back their Fred's but if I am at Barney's shopping or even wanting to eat near the mall, Fred;s would be my last spot....sorry....again, been there, done that.

Nice place for lunch!
tasty drinks!
great pizzas and salads!
a lillte disappointed with the crab cakes and the salmon :(  there were over cooked!
I'm a calamari fan so I had to ordered... Not too bad but I had better calamari before :)

11/30/10  2.5 stars.
Came for happy hour, but didn't find anything on the happy hour food menu I wanted to try, so I ordered a medium Emilia Romagna pizza (mozzarella, parmesan, and 12-year balsamic vinegar- Aceto Balsamico).
Can't recall what the price was on this pizza, but it was probably around the $14 range.
The pizza came a bit too charred on the bottom, and the very thin-crust didn't stay crispy for very long, perhaps just 5 minutes, and definitely soggy by the 10-minute mark.
While I enjoyed the slice I had at the restaurant, the leftovers proved to be too salty when I tried to re-heat the pizza at home, so I had to toss the rest- not economical for the price, I'm sorry to say.
I only ate a slice at Fred's, bec.
I wanted to try the cobbler-of-the-day, which was the apple cobbler topped w/ Haagen-Daaz ice cream (if I recall correctly).
Had to order it sans powdered sugar (corn allergy), and I found it good, and not too sweet.
I'd try their other cobblers, too, if they didn't come at a high cost ($9, plus the ice cream has corn syrup in it- corn allergy).
I'd also like to try the profiteroles, but they, too, come w/ a $9 tag, which means $4.50 per profiterol- I believe I'd asked how many came in a dish and was quoted two...  Don't be fooled by the scowl that the bouncer-type bartender constantly has on his face-- he actually was nice to talk to, at least the first time I spoke to him.
A couple of friends and I went there after a mixer about a month ago, and he was unapproachable, and projected himself to be too busy to do more than to come over and take our order.
No hellos and how-are-yous that night- such a big turn-off, and w/ a high-priced menu, I don't think I'll come by again.
(I originally was going to rate 3 stars, but type it up as 2.5, but now that I've finished w/ my review, I'm going to go w/ 2 stars.
I wish you better experiences here yourself!

Listen, I just wasn't in the mood for drinking while I was there for a group meeting of a couple hours, so I really can't tell you if the drinks were good; but, I can tell you that the bartender treated me like a valued customer.
I will certainly return there again when I want a drink.
That meant alot to me that night, so kudos to Fred's.
I did taste their pizza with chicken, which, unfortunately, was too spicy (i.e., who opened a jar of hot jalepenos and poured it over the food?).
However, my friend ordered a cheese pizza and it really was good.
Very good.
This is a pretty place to come drink.
Wonderful place to just sit and relax in.
Great bartender and great service from him!

meh.
loved the interior but the menu didn't have many options.
i was really hoping for an amazing salad but none of their salads sounded good.
and what we did order wasn't impressive.
i'll give it another try sometime but for now, meh.

I was really impressed by Fred's.
We checked out their happy hour on Friday night and it was great!
The decor is very Frank Lloyd Wright, so loved it!
The service was good and the food/drink was great as well.
We shared the meatball sliders, risotto balls, pommes frites and a prosciutto pizza - yum!

Had the brunch.
It comes with pastries, a glass of champagne, a starter, entree and dessert.
Had the pizza and wife had fish.
Tasty although pizza crust got very hard as it dried out.
Ambience is very cool and chi-chi.
We liked it and will try happy hour if at the mall.

