I came here about a year ago for new tires and was given a card for 5 free oil changes.
The guys are always very friendly and quick.
Luckily, my gym is basically across the street from here, so I dropped off my car and went there yesterday when I needed an oil change.
Also, when one of my windshield wipers came off a few months ago while it was raining out, I pulled in here and one of the gentlemen came out and quickly fixed it for me within a minute and I was back on the road for free.
I highly recommend it here!

This is the second time to visit this Fletcher Tire.
We needed a new set treads so we called them to price compare to some of the other local tire dealers.
They always seem to have some kind of specials going on and they add additional perks when you purchase tires from them, like free oil changes.
Product ~ They were able to find me the tires I was looking for and price matched their competition.
Service ~ They were able to transfer the tires I needed to this Fletcher Tire, which is located close to where I live.
They called me within three hours to let me know my tires had arrived and they were ready for me to bring in my car.
They started right a way when I pulled up and in less than 30 mins I was off with a new set of treads!
Perks ~ They found a manufactures rebate and applied it to my bill without asking.
They gave me some free future oil changes, some coupons and deals on other services they offer.
Free tire rotation and inspection as needed.
I recommend you try Fletcher's Tire and Auto Service.
They are great to do business with.

I hate taking my car in to shops.
Being a petite blonde (and accidentally wearing summery dresses every time I go into one), I get a lot of attempts to take advantage of me, as most women seem to.
My mechanic moved however, so I had to suck it up.
I've been in this Fletchers for a cracked coolant tank,  a vacuum hose, a flat tire, and various oil changes (my car is a POS, plainly).
But anyways, the guys never try to rip me off.
They're done pretty quickly usually, and do a lot of things for free.
I've had them air up a spare, change my tire, and inspect the flat (30 mins worth of work) for free, and today 4 or 5 different mechanics took an interest in the awful whining issuing from my engine, and they picked it apart until finding the cause (another 20 mins), all for free.
I'm used to being nickel-and-dimed with "diagnostic fees", so this is a big deal.
They even offered me a ride home and back today if I wanted to wait for my car.
I have a hectic schedule and they're most accomodating, letting me do multiple appointments and ensuring I'm not late for any commitments.
The guy with spiky blonde hair and glasses at the front desk is always there and is super nice, as was the shorter Hispanic gentleman that helped me today, cracking jokes and all.
They'll look up coupons for you as well, but there's plenty of them on the website to print off.
5 stars!
Edit: Also, today while they were figuring out the problem, they let me stick my nose in the engine and ask questions, and actually explained and showed me what was broken.
Yeah!

I'm sorry to have to update this, but I wasn't impressed this last time I came in.
Turned out I needed a $10 EGR seal put in to pass emissions.
They figured this out while I was there, and told me they could get it done that morning.
Knowing I needed my rear rotors resurfaced, I told them to look at that too, and get back to me with the price.
They had me leave my car for a whopping 2.5 hours, only to call and say "Uh sorry, we don't actually have that seal as we said, and you need all 4 rotors and pads, AND four new tires.... it'll be $1400 out the door... plus $25 to send someone to pick that seal up at the dealership, unless you wanna do it yourself.
"  I nearly had a heart attack, needless to say.
When I got back, they had also told me to get the wrong part, so it's a good thing I talked to the guy who actually looked at the car.
I added up all the "work" I needed done according to their board, and it should have come to around $900, including putting in this seal (which the guy flippantly told me "Ah yeah, it's a $10 part and it'll take half an hour, but it's labor of $100".
Screw my two college degrees, I need to become a mechanic!
To top it off, I know I do not need all four tires - I just had two of them done and they are rated for another 30k miles.
I'm really disappointed to have to write this review, but I'll be taking my car elsewhere.
I called Honest-1 Auto in Glendale, and they quoted me $53 for the exact same labor.
Ding!

I had some shocks installed on my F 150.
Someone forgot to tighten the bottom bolts and they fell off in a couple weeks.
Was a real pain in the butt getting them off so they wouldn't drag on the road in the intersection at 7 Ave. & Van Buren.!!
When I returned to Fletchers they were very cooperative and apologetic and replaced the shocks immediately.
I plan to go back and try them again based on the way they stood behind their work.

Well it's a little past 12, i've been here since 7.
It took an hour to diagnose my power steering leak as a bad hose an come up with a list of stuff I don't need.
They estimated 2 hours to get and replace the part.
After 3 hours I asked how things were going and was told the wrong part was delivered.
It's funny the same thing happened the last time I brought my care here.
I'm never coming here again and can't recommend this place unless you have plenty time and money to waste.
A little followup after I got my bill.
I had told the service rep I didn't want anything else other than the leaking hose replaced and the power steering flushed.
I got my bill and there was an air filter and intake cleaning on the bill.
That was an unexpected extra $39,00.
Can anyone tell me what an intake cleaning is?
I've been driving for 46 years and put over a million miles on various cars and this is the first time I have had my intake cleaned.

HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE - take your car somewhere else and save yourself the time and money!
I brought my car in because the AC had stopped blowing cold air.
They kept the car all day long without calling me.
When I called them at the end of the day, they told me the low-side AC line was leaking.
I took my car back a few days later to have that fixed.
Again, they kept the car all day long without calling me.
When I called them, they had not fixed anything but now told me that the high-side AC line was also leaking.
They could not tell me the cost to repair this... instead, said they would call me the next day.
I never heard anything from them.
WASTED TWO DAYS HAVING MY CAR IN THEIR SHOP AND THEY FIXED NOTHING.
COULD NOT EVEN BE BOTHERED TO CALL ME.

They called with a quote of $1500 but failed to tell us it was only $500 for parts and almost all the rest was for labor!
They got the work done quickly but for that price I'm thinking of taking up a second job as a mechanic!
It's just not right to charge so much for labor, there should be a breakdown of time vs cost to hold people accountable!

This tire shop has the worst customer service of any business I have experienced in the valley.
I purchased 4 tires from them a few years ago and got the warranty.
I had a tire that had a slow leak in it.
I took to them and they said it was not leaking in the water tank and there was nothing they could do.
So I left and a few days later the tire was really low on pressure so I aired it up and called the store AGAIN.
I took it in and again they said it wasn't leaking air.
So I continued to air it up over the next few weeks, took it back a 3rd time, and for a third time said check it out.
They took the tire off the rim this time, there was a small nail, and they replaced the tire.
Every time, I have to make an appointment, EVERYTIME they don't get me in when they said, and it takes them a min.
of 3-4 hours to perform the work.
My simple oil change took 3 hours to do.
When they changed the oil, they rotate the tires and the last time, two of the four brakes started to squeal and they said that can happen and that was it.
But they did find that my air shock had a tear and it would $1000 to fix it.
I asked who I can contact regarding complaining and they said you'll never talk to the GM or owner, they said he screens all his calls so he can't or doesn't want to hear all the complaints.
I think that is all he would hear, if he could or would talk to HIS customers.
Don't shop there, the prices may be low, but the service after the sale is the worst I have witnessed.
Beware if you shop there and have lots of time to waste, because you will need it.

Right off the bat -There are really only a few places to shop for tires - Walmart, Sam's Club, Costco and Fletchers.
We have always found Fletchers to beat them all simply because you can negotiate into every deal a series of oil changes - usually full synthetic oil changes.
Walmart & Sams can offer oil changes but the only thing you can get from Discount Tires - is simply tires.
After a bad tire bid at Discount Tires we left and went to Fletchers on Carefree Highway.
Fletchers told us that although they wanted to sell us tires, that we didn't need them and had another 15K miles left before we should even consider new Michelins.
Since we were there and they were checking out tires anyway - they offered us a complimentary (free) on the spot tire rotation just for stopping by and considering them!!!!
They won our business if we ever need tires.
Tires aren't rocket science and it's all about price and what they can offer you post sale (like oil changes.
)    Now to be fair we have priced out some automotive work (Shocks for example) and Fletchers was so far over priced it was rediculous.
1200 for a full set of shocks with probably $700+ in BS work to pad the bill.
I have also stepped into the garage and seen on their white board daily sales incentives, sales numbers and stuff they want to pitch to you that day/week.
Clearly they are bonused on the business they bring in like sales reps.  That turned us off a bit.
But when my dealership tried to jam me almost $900 for the 30K service on my Acura, Fletchers had a coupon for $109 for the same service stuff (syn oil, rotation, cabin filter, check everything, AC recharge, top fluids, etc.
)  It is true that they offer and research any coupon avialable and you should check the mailers and Sunday circular for coupons.
Here's an important tip:  IF YOU FIND A KILLER COUPON DEAL - SAVE THE COUPON.
We have found most coupons have no expiration date so we just show up, show them the coupon, but keep it for the next time.
We would stick to tires for Fletchers and get a quote for other automotive work and shop it.
We have another review for Anyplace Automotive (owned by Carter Anderson) which we found to be a better/cheaper mechanic; they work in your driveway or at your office.
Like we said before, Fletcher priced out shocks for $1200 and Anyplace Automotive did them in my driveway for $400.
That's a huge savings.
Bottom Line:  You gotta shop around.
Caveat Emptor.
But tires are surely in Fletcher's sweet spot.

Scam....
Tried 2 times to sell me a parts that where not need to be replaced, then lied about it when I got second opinion.
Ok deal on tires, but do not go for any other automobile work.

