Searching far and wide for a better than average lunch and I sure didn't find it here.
My family, mostly now residing towards the South East, assured me Popeyes would blow the socks off both KFC and Churches so I made the 8 mile drive to the nearest location.
The chicken was about the same as Churches, and dry.
The mac and cheese wasn't near as good as KFC.
They were out of fries, and several items I heard others request.
I could not find the label for root beer.
Almost half the tables were still dirty from the last user.
OK, we need some pluses here.
The lunch was like $6.
The biscuit was good.
There was no up charge for white meat.
Conclusion: If I was in the mood for inexpensive fried chicken and a Popeyes was the closest I would probably go there but I would not drive past one of their competitors to get to one.

"They outta chicken or day just dont had none.

Their chicken is delicious.
A little pricey unless you catch a special.

Hot, fresh and still the champ of fast-food, fried chicken.

Popeye's is not just for breast men or leg men or even your every day garden variety wing man.
They cater to the thigh lovers out there.
I ordered a 3 piece thigh combo meal with red beans and rice along with a large drink for $7.64.
The meal includes one of those delicious buttery biscuits.
The chicken and the red beans and rice hit the spot.
The a/c at the place is also just at the right temperature on one of those 112 degree days.
I'm definitely including Popeye's in the summer lunch rotation.

The chicken is fantastic, the potatoes are amazing, and the service is prompt.
I would recommend anything on the menu.
This food doesn't even compare to other fried chicken joints.

I hesitated to write this.
I mean, everyone has a bad day, but in the end, my disgust and frustration won out.
On 3/2 my son and I dined at this location.
The young man at the counter - Alex - was super nice and friendly.
Unfortunately, the rest of our visit was less than stellar.
About half way through our meal, three kids (around age 11 or so) came in a got water cups from someone behind the counter.
These kids spend over 10 minutes at the soda machine tasting every possible concoction of soft drink, rinsing their cups under the fountain, then wiping them out with napkins they left on the counter.
I finally got up to say something to "Tom" the manager when one of the boy started washing under the water dispenser.
Despite the boys being there over 10 minutes at this point, he claim he hadn't seen anything.
His response to my complaint and concern - 1) "No kids come behind the counter so it's ok." 2) "I'm not their parents.
We'll clean it up later.
"   To Tom (and Popeye's) I say this - No, you are not therr parents.
What you are is a manager our a facility that serves food to the public.
You have a duty with that job to make sure the place is kept as clean as possible which includes asking people to leave if needed.
Our bill was just over $20.
These 3 kids spend $0.
Hope they come back with their parents to eat, because you won't be getting our business again.
I have also filed a complaint with the Maricopa County Department of Environmental Services,

Just love read beans and rice

I prefer this location than the one located near where i live , mostly because the bus goes by there.
Great food , great prices.

Popeyes dirty rice has been the reason I will go out of my way for then.
Their cat fish was always very good.
BUT!
In Phoenix, Az they no longer have dirty rice more the catfish.
I still like Popeyes, but now it runs neck to neck with other Chicken fast food chains.

For a fast food joint, this is stellar!
The food is great, the prices are great and the service has always been Great!!!
I reccomend the spicy fried chicken, mashed potatoes and a biscuit with honey on it.
YUMMMMM!!!!
I have traveled the world and found this place in New Orleans Louisiana about 20 years ago.
I loved it every since!
Thank goodness they brought it to Arizona!
My 8 year old wanted me to take a picture of the sink in the bathroom and post a bad review on it because it has those knobs you have to hold down in order to get the water to come out, lol...I said NO, I love this place and we won't do that to them!
To the Owner: Don't change a thing, except your faucet in the bathroom sink!

I love Popeyes, and I est a dofferent location quite frequently.
My wife and I had an urge and this one is close, so we went.
The food is normal Popeyes good, we had the 3 piece chicken strips, but there were a couple of differences from the others.
First it is SLOW.
From order to food was 20 minutes.
Second, the portions in this place were a lot smaller than other locations; usually we get the 2 piece and are stuffed when we leave.
Here we got the 3 piece and were still hungry.
So if we want Popeyes and don't want to drive, we will go here.
Otherwise, we'll go to one of the others.

The people working at this location leaves a lot to be desired but they were quick and nice.
Generally, I am not a Popeyes fan but for some reason I was craving them and good thing I was because the chicken was delicious and I mean ever better than KFC and Church's.
Church's chicken has gone down hill taste wise.
The chicken on this night was delicious from first bite to the last and acourse the sides green beans, rice and beans and mash potatoes were delicious as well.
We scored a 11 piece meal with two large sides and six biscuits for $19.99 except I added another large side.
I must say I wasn't before but now I am a fan !

I've driven by it a million times but never stopped expecting the worse.
Tired of burgers I finally stopped tonight after seeing their TV ad.
What a surprise...The shrimp poorboy was good.
The biscuits were great.
Try it out.

Admittedly, I like Popeyes!
And yes, I am a Fan!
Whether its this one, or the one in Blythe coming back from California, it's a real treat to pick up some NOLA inspired food.
Their Cajun Gravy is to die for!
Really.
Stopped in today to catch up with Scott D. We have been checking into businesses on Yelp together for over four years.
Long time!
It's been a fun four years and nice to kick back with a friend who also loves Popeyes!
I had a Po'Boy Chicken sandwich, which wasn't bad.
But I wouldn't insult any of my NOLA friends by calling it a true Po'Boy.
I also ordered three chicken strips and asked for a Cajun Gravy chaser.
LOL  It ran me just under $8.00, not a steal but a fair price.
A better deal is what Scott ordered, their Tuesday Special of 2 pieces of chicken, biscuit and Pop for $2.99.
"Love that Chicken at Popeyes!
"  Enjoy

The chicken was fresh and very tasty first time there but greasy cant make it a habit

Seems like people only get free stuff when they leave bad reviews and the owners grow a conscience.... but this popeyes is amazing and i wish i could get some free chicken for my fandom!

Very good overall, the coleslaw was a little dry maybe that is just the way the do it in Lousiana.

Nope!
Never again!
Disgusting lobby.
Perhaps the lazy little girls texting and instagramming could wipe a table or sweep a freaking floor.
And for the love of GOD could ANYONE wear some freaking gloves?
Someone call the health department!

Needs a negative star!
Drive thru slow and food greasy.
Made me pee out of my butt didnt even think that was possible.
Never again I say never again

This was my first visit to Popeye's Chicken.
We went last week about an hour prior to closing.
I ordered a chicken tender combo with a side of mac and cheese.
The chicken was very crispy, hot, and tasty!
However, the service wasn't so great.
I ordered a three piece chicken basket and received a five piece.
I decided to check my receipt after leaving the drive thru window and then realized that I was not given one.
Also, we were not provided plastic silverware with our order so we were unable to eat our sides in the car.
I will probably visit Popeye's again in the future but if so hopefully a location where the employees are trained well or I will simply just need to remind myself to triple check my order.

