As I sit here drinking my double espresso from the newly opened Buzzberry, I contemplate the whole support your local business model.
While I do my best to support local business I know that that the businesses I support are good.
Why waste dollars on a business when they have a mediocre product and or service?
While the service at Buzzberry was nothing special, I was floored when we asked where they source their coffee.
Three teenage somethings just stood there and stared at us blankly.
You see Buzzberry touts its self as "local, small-batch artisan coffee and 100% fruit smoothies", so you'd think that they would have a selling line, telling us all about the coffee they're proud to serve.
Ultimately one of the three said where they get their coffee from but only after moments of debate.
As someone who loves and buys artisan products I felt that this was pretty much unacceptable.
So perhaps I'm being to harsh on them?
They have only been opened a month and they are super close to the our homestead.
Though as I sit here sipping on my double espresso I figured that they were the ones being a little harsh.
Bitter.

I love buzzberry!
The coffee is great and the smoothies are by far the best in Scottsdale!
My fav is orange or strawberry cream.
Mmmmm..
I'm craving one right now.
Customer service and has been perfect every time I have visited.

I SO want to love this place.
Not want-ed.
Want.
But so far, I don't.
There are some great things - the people are super friendly, seem genuinely happy to be there, and the place is very cool.
I like the giant chess set, the kids corner, the couches, mismatched furniture, etc.
There are a lot of cool spaces to park without feeling like you are in someone else's space or conversation.
But some very important things are.
well, not so hot.
The coffee is not good.
I ordered two lattes the last time I was in there.
The milk was a little more than warm, and just failed in general.
The taste.
blech.
I ordered a lemon poppyseed muffin.
I should have known when all the front muffins were carefully wrapped in plastic.
(Plastic wrap = not enough movement.
)  The muffin was dried out, overly dense, and maybe had tasted okay before it hit the freezer and then the muffin case - last week.
I wasn't too impressed with the smoothie either.
I ordered a blueberry banana for the kids to share, and while it may have less calories than your average smoothie, the kids said, "It wasn't bad.
" My niece said she preferred Jamba Juice, my daughter said she preferred my husband's.
I think if this place is going to make it, they are going to have to WAY step it up on the drinks and food.
Or at least take down the sign touting fresh muffins.
But I am hoping they can pull it together!

Not the best coffee but the staff seem like genuine very nice people.
If they could just go that step further & get really tasty coffee beans they'd have a great place that people would definitely go out of their way for.
The smoothies are sugary & it would be great if it was just real fruit & not already in a pre-bottled liquid form sugar/fruit mix.
Lots of room to get better seeing that it is a relatively new place.

The people here are extremely nice & the owner is implementing a great promotion so that you get a free coffee or smoothie after every 3 drinks that you buy.
I think that's actually too generous of Buzzberry.
It should probably be a minimum of 5 to 10 drinks so that they don't rip themselves off.
I might hold some coffee places to a higher standard due to extensive travel in my life & having a city like NYC in my backyard when I'm at home.
I still don't think their espresso drinks are great just yet but they earn more stars for just being good people that truly listen to what the customers want.
That's good business and it's greatly appreciated.

Perfectly good, average but not typical coffee shop in what appears to be an old convenience store space.
I have to say that their iced coffee was better than most I've had -- strong and smooth like the stuff made in a toddy.
But then there's the downside....  As comfy/funky as the space was, there was just something off about it and I can't quite say what it was.
But if I'm in the neighborhood again, I'll stop in and check it out to see how this relatively new coffee shop is coming along.

I come into buzzberry several times weekly and have yet to have a bad experience.
The atmosphere: I love coming into buzzberry because it is kind of an off-beat place.
There is artwork from locals for sale on the walls, random books to read, and you can even bring in your own coffee mug to leave on site.
Also, the staff members there always greet you with a smile.
The food: The breakfast wraps are pretty good, although I wish they had more varieties for cheese in their breakfast wrap.
The cinnamon scone is my favorite, and its even better toasted.
Ive also had their tuna salad at lunch which was simple but delish.
The drinks: Hellooooo good coffee.
I like strong coffee, but often times strong coffee can come off bitter as well.
Not so here.
Strong and smooth!
Also, their smoothies are fabulous...I go for the strawberry-acai smoothie every time.
I have now refer to this smoothie as the Magic Strawberry Acai because I just feel so much better about life after having it.
Another note: you can get a frequent drinker card where you buy 3 coffees or 3 smoothies and get the next one free!
Perfect :).

A nice spot to stop for coffee or a smoothie - I have yet to try their breakfast food.
The place is cute and it is located about 1/2 block from my house - so I have no good excuse for visiting as infrequently as I do... (I promise I will work on it).
*Glad they took over this long-abandoned spot.
*Open the drive-thru dammit!
*Patio is dog-friendly.

After driving by this place dropping my wife off for work many times I decided to give it a try today.
I personally like the randomness of the furniture, it makes it feel more casual and comfortable to spend some time there studying or reading.
There must have been some staff turnover as the two staff i encountered were both mid 20's, early 30's and seemed to know their stuff.
There was music playing but at a level that it was not annoying or made it hard for me to concentrate as I studied.
There is a spot for kids to play games and hang out, which is great I'm sure if you are a soccer mom meeting up for a play date.
It was not so great for me when 6 kids under five years old came roaring into the place as I was trying to study.
Nothing a good pair of headphones couldn't fix.
I ordered an Iced coffee and thought it was great.
Very strong but not bitter at all.
Overall the product and price were good and I will be back for sure.
Only reason for not getting 5 stars is the playground in the corner and it was pretty warm in the building, c'mon, its August in AZ, turn the A/C down a few degrees!

Picked up a few things at armstrong mccall so thought I'd checkout Buzzberry.
Really cute place & staff was friendly.
Ordered a tuna sandwich.
It was good until I found a hair in my food.
My sandwich was also really soggy by the time I was at work 5 mins later.
Not sure if I'll be returning.
Why am I always the one who finds the hair??

Well, I love this place, but it is because I am biased to the Staff, whom I think are wonderful!
They are helpful, and almost always smiling.
I LOVE that they bring me my order when it is ready!
I love that it is casual, more like you are at your best friends house than a coffee shop.
Love the smoothies, and thanks to my friend Brad, now LOVE the oatmeal.
I know, OATMEAL!
And the breakfast burritos have GOT to be totally fattening because they are totally awesome!
If you don't already know, you can get a big ol', kick-that-hangover's-ass omelet, made to order, with cheesy potatoes every Sunday for a steal!

OK, for someone who lived in Oregon for years (home of many nationally owned and thousands of locally owned coffee shops), and studied in Vienna (practically the birthplace of the coffee (cafe') salon), I am extremely particular about my coffee shops.
Buzzberry ranks as one of my favorites here in the valley, for many reasons.
Soooo much cozier than your typical Starbucks, the atmosphere is fun and eclectic, with random pieces of furniture set to allow the feel of multiple smaller 'living room' type areas to sit with friends.
They also have outdoor tables, and while I wouldn't necessarily call it a "patio' area, it still gets the job done when the weather in Phx is nice enough to allow outdoor seating.
The coffee choices are great, and their smoothies are AMAZING!!
I am partial to a blend of tangerine/peach that is to die for, but you can pretty much create your own - and they're all natural.
Lets get to breakfast.
They offer typical coffee shop fare such as muffins and bagels, and some soup and sandwich selections as well if you happen to be there at lunchtime.
But my ALL TIME favorite is Sunday brunch, where you can get a made-to-order omelette with cheesy potatoes and a croissant that make you wish every day was Sunday morning!
The staff are so friendly and helpful, and the owner, Kate, is absolutely charming.
They also offer free WiFi for those that want to get caught up on emails or schoolwork outside the home.
My friends and I spend hours here every weekend, just being lazy and enjoying each other's company.
I suggest you do the same!

Makes me feel like I'm in Colorado or Oregon where my family is, very homie feeling!!
And really nice staff!

Okay so I work down the street from buzzberry and was very interested in this place before it open the name along sounded unique.
Went there shortly after it had opened and bought a chai tea it wasn't what I had expected but in a good way gave it a three out of five.

I stopped in at the Buzzberry after figuring out how close it was to my house and seeing a few favorable reviews on Yelp!
It was Monday morning I even got up a little  earlier for work just so I could sneak in this "little secret" smoothie house.
Now one quirky thing about me is that I love drinks and not always the adult kind.
So the first thing that I was surprised by was the atmosphere and set up inside was not very inviting.
With a name like Buzzberry I am expecting a pretty cool and flashy inside.
Instead I got a lets find a bunch of cool stuff at garage sales and through it together type atmosphere.
Now on to my morning beverage.
I went with a berry smoothie.
Now I have to admit it was decent.
It was  a blend of four berries and was big.
My complaint is that it could have been thicker and have a little more flavor.
If I am around Buzzberry and am in the mood for a no frills smoothie I won't think twice on stopping in again.

Woohoo!
As good as it gets!
Drive-thru is open

I stop by here for Iced Coffees all the time.
The IC's are cold brewed, but they do taste a little Toddy-ish so that you have to cut the flavor with some milk or cream.
I like the use of space and the overall small business vibe.
They sell breakfast burritos and have yet to try them out, but the sandwiches and bagels are pretty good.

Love having a spot like this in our neighborhood.
Coffee, smoothies and food are all good...and I love the decor.
Another plus, they added a drive thru window!
They also support the local schools and pet organizations which makes me want to patronize them all the more!

The journey to Buzzberry started off crappily.
I was on my way to work and couldn't turn left at Hayden and Indian Bend due to construction forcing me to drive south (further away from my projected destination) and towards Mcdonald.
I was already running late to work so I didnt have time to eat or drink anything when i passed by Buzzberry and said to myself, damn yo imtired slash hungry what's this all about.
The building is inviting and with an attached drive thru appealing to someone in a hurry/on the go.
The coffee was great and actually gave me some energy, the breakfast burrito was great as well, flavorful and fresh!
Try it out you won't be disappointed, support the little guys F Starbucks, for serious.

They have the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had!

Great breakfast burritos and coffees on the go!
They have a drive-thru lane... but don't skip out on the inside.
It's a cute little coffee spot to hang out--complete with shabby-chic decor, board games, and fun people.

I give Buzzberry's four stars for the environment and food.
This is a great place to grab breakfast and coffee with a friend or two and lounge around.
The interior is very comfortable and homey with armchairs and eclectic home items scattered around.
However, I would have to take away some points for their inconsistency.
My first egg and sausage wrap was freshly made and delightful, but my second wrap was clearly sitting around for a while, and the tortilla began to smoosh into the eggs.

A great little cafe sorely needed in the neighborhood.
I like to take my six-year-old daughter there for a smoothie.
We hang out reading books.

Have you tried the "BUZZ BERRY CHAI"?
By far the BEST drink here.
Love having this local gem close by and the addition of the drive thru makes it perfect!

Finally a locally owned fruit smoothie joint that uses only organic fruit in their smoothies.
What took so long?
I'm very particular about the food I eat and typically avoid fruit smoothie places all together.
The added sugar, high amounts of carbs, as well as the high calorie content of the smoothie keep me at bay.
However, this locally owned place gets it.
They use only organic fresh fruit and ice in their smoothies and they taste amazing.
Why large corporations feel the need to mess with something nature has spent billions of years perfecting is beyond me.
Buzzberry allows nature to do its thing serving up delicious and healthy smoothies.
Keep in mind the serving size, even though it's fruit their large smoothie is huge and can definitely add to your waste line.
I've not had the pleasure of trying their food or coffee yet, but if their smoothies are any indication then I think they'll be great.
I also love the fact that it's a chill place to hang out.
They have free wifi, comfortable furniture, and great tunes playing.
It is a great place to relax and cool off during these insanely hot months.
If you're in a hurry they also have a drive thru so you don't even have to leave your car.

A little expensive, but it is Scottsdale, so that's to be expected sometimes.
The decor is great and the  brew coffee (plain black) I had was excellent.
Also had a croissant sandwich, which was good, but a but overpriced for what I got, imo.
I definitely plan on returning and trying our the omelet that I have a check in deal for now.
Also seems like a great place to come back and just read and enjoy a good cup o' coffee.

I've been some what apprehensive writing this review about the Buzzberry Coffee & Smoothies.
Well my apprehensiveness turned into procrastination because I sooo want to support this small business by writing them a stellar review but after repeated mishaps and poor service during different visits I've come to the conclusion the Buzzberry is what it is ~ Meh, I've experienced better.
Good~ great location, drive thru, coffee and espresso is OK ~ average, smoothies are made with organic fruit and they offer several energy and nutrional sup's if you like that kind of thing.
The decor is cute and whimsical.
Not so good~ the ice tea is elf service.
It sits in an urn for who knows how long before they brew more.
It always taste a little stale and sort of bitter.
They have WIFI, however it's password protected so you have to request the password.
Some of the comfy seating has too much wear and needs to be replaced.
Bad & Ugly~ the service here sucks especially for the prices they charge.
Maybe it's my timing but every time I've been to the Buzzberry there are these really young and uncaring girls working.
They are not attentive to their customers nor do they seem to care about this business becoming successful.
Cleaning ~ this place needs a good cleaning.
We did not enjoy our last visit for all of the crumbs, dirt and what not on the floor and tables.
Oh yeah and the girls behind the counter are busy yapping away at each other rather than picking the place up.
I can better coffee for less at 32 & Shea...  My last visit I asked to speak to the mgr or owner and I was told she was not in.
I asked them to speak to anyone in charge.
Both girls stated they were in charge so I told them about my disappointments in my repeated visits.
They both just stared at me like deer in a hand light.
Good luck if you going to try the Buzzberry Coffee and Smoothie!

Love this joint!!!
Only wish it was closer to oldtown so i could visit daily!
The americanos are strong and cheap!
3 bux for 3 shots- pretty great!
The place is comfy with lots of relaxing chairs and tables.
Yes, its not the most modern place but when I want to relax and hang out with my americano, this is the type of place I want.
It feels hippy/local which is perfect for when you arent in a rush.
I dont find it dirty, they have a non-Starbucks vibe which makes it "cool".
(Btw, I also like Starbucks but it just has a different kind of atmosphere.
)  Yes the workers are chattty with each other but I find them very friendly and down-to-earth.
They move quick enough for me but I do want to admit that am not in a hurry when i go there.
I think this is a great place and appreciate that they arent a chain and support the community so much!
Please help keep them in business :)

OK I have been coming here for years, and they have some of the best Smoothies in the area.
I have them make my favorite which is a change from their Four Berry Blast, have them substitute Pineapple Juice for the Orange Juice, man it is fantastic.
I wish I lived or worked closer, I have been known to hop off the 101 for a quick Smoothie on the way back to the office...

I feel so lucky to live in walking distance from Buzzberry Coffee and Smoothie shop!
I go to Buzzberry everyday to get my large nonfat latte and I LOVE it!
They actually have their own blend of espresso that is specially made for them, I am so hooked.
The people who work at Buzzberry are always friendly.
I give em 5 stars :)

I will try to keep this simple.
As far as prices go...get on the mailing list for the fantastic deals.
The coffee ( I drink plain old coffee) is superior!
I also leave majorly buzzed ;)  I love S-bucks, and I can say with all honesty, I prefer the jo at b-berry.
My wife loves the smoothies.
Our 20 month old toddler loves playing in the kids corner, flirting with the girls that work there, the bananas, the antique typewriter, but most of all the flip lid on the red garbage can.
We love the owner Kate, and we will keep coming back!
GO LOCAL!!

I have only been here a couple times.
But so far this has been a really great place to go if you need something quick and easy.
I love their smoothies and the environment of the place.
It has a homey comforting feel to it.
They also have really great deals.
I would say definitely check it out!

Buzzberry is a cute place, good coffee, nice staff.
The only complaint is that I order the same drink eveytime and have been charged a wide variety of prices ranging from 4-7 dollars for the same drink lol.
I'll continue to come back, but maybe inform some of the newer staff about pricing.
Other than that keep up the good work Buzzberry !

Buzzberry is the best locally owned coffee shop in the area!
I started going last year as a student at SCC for mid-morning snacks and smoothies, and now that I'm a novice coffee drinker I can't get enough of their brews.
This morning I had the pleasure of trying the red velvety latte, one of their seasonal drinks.
5 stars!
It literally tastes like a liquified red velvet cupcake with caffeine.
I've been there probably a dozen times and am always greeted warmly and have fantastic speedy service.
I definitely recommend visiting Buzzberry if you're in the area.

Love this local coffee shop.
Set up is really nice.
I always manage to get in and out very quickly whether it be walk in or drive through.
Never experienced any problems with the staff, everyone is genuinely nice, even when it is super early in the morning.
I'm a huge fan of the iced mocha, but annoyed with all the frequent price changes.
Right now Starbucks has them beat.
I will continue to go to Buzzberry being they are a local shop and has a friendly atmosphere.

Buzzzzz!
This small cafe/smoothie shop has all the makings of a small business owner.
Feels like walking into some home.
Music in the air and smell of coffee brewing; makes Buzzberry worth the visit.
Free wifi, comfortable couch, and a play area for the kids....pshh...what are they missing?
Anyways, I'm not a big fan of smoothies, but I needed a protein shake.
For what I got I thought it a tad bit pricey, but I'm not going to complain.
I support my local businesses as much as I can.
The smoothie itself, well nothing too special.
It was smooth and it had protein powder.
Didn't give me much of a jolt, but I guess I could have order an expresso.
Enjoy!

went through the drive-thru yesterday for a latte and I wasn't expecting much but probably had one of the best lattes I had ever had.
I order a simple latte with carmel drizzle and 2 splenda and sometimes coffee shops make perfectly and sometimes not so perfectly....but buzzberry got it.
can't wait to go bac and check out the inside.
the pricing is similar to starbucks but at least it's local :)

Delicious :D

Feels genuine.
Nice mixture of spaces to sit, some reading material here, and a space for little kids there.
Berry smoothie was great.
I'll be back.

my favorite chai latte in Phx/ Scottsdale area.
plus the $1 off for yelp customers is a great deal.

This is a great little locally owned coffee/smoothie shop that is a cozy/chill place to hang out.
Love that they have a drive through too.
Their coffee is consistently good and it's nice that they carry almond milk.
This is my favorite new smoothie spot - the smoothies are delicious, they make all fruit smoothies with organic ingredients.
The staff is also very friendly - its nice to find a great coffee shop that is not a chain.

Well now you've gone and done it Mister.
It seemed pretty funny at the time, but those brain-disabling farts you cut in the kitchen this morning have now cost you a new Mr. Coffee carafe.
You knew she likes to throw things...what were you thinking?
Don't despair.
Buzzberry will be there to see you through the day.
Stop in for a cup of joe and a blueberry scone, I think they're homemade.
While you're waiting, you can even fantasize about the cute young server who's smiling at you, unlike your wife, whose perma-scowl was the last thing you remember after kissing you with that carafe.
Forget it dummy, you're too old and she gets paid to smile.
Maybe that's the answer.
Tomorrow, when your wife gets out of bed, greet her with a smile and tell her there's a dirty twenty in it for her if she whips up a pot of joe and some scones.
This instead of faux-farting karaoke to White Stripes, Seven Nation Army.
Chicks don't like that shit for some reason.

Locally owned spot with a drive-thru and a wide variety of smoothies made with ORGANIC fruit (this is awesome), coffees, freshly baked pastries, etc.
I found this place on Yelp while searching for something to appease my picky girlfriend and it's so close to us that I was surprised we never stopped by or noticed it before.
I've only been twice now, but they are really nice and we enjoyed the nutty coco mocha and the $1 off with Yelp check-in so we came back today.
This place kind of reminds me of d'lish but with less food options.
I got the sliders today and have to say they weren't the best, but I'll be back to try other stuff.
The scones/muffins taste homemade and were still warm.
I would love to see more food items on the menu and more of it visible on the side/menu of the drive-thru.
They told me to come back on a Sunday AM for some omlettes inside and I noticed on the side of the window they offer free coffee from 5AM-7AM, is this real life...?

Not impressed.
The fruit wasn't ripe and for the price it should have had flavor.

Love Buzzberry.
Quick fix in the morning on your way to work whether you want caffeine or something fruity and cool.
I don't think their prices are outrageous considering they use organic stuff, and when people say they could make something at home themselves, I always want to say okay, well, you didn't, and you're paying for the luxury of someone just handing you a delicious smoothie.
I make my own smoothies all the time, but when I'm in a hurry and I want something good, I grab Buzzberry.
The drive-through makes it super convenient too.

BUzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Berry!
Aside from the catchy name, the cute building and interior, this place actually has pretty sweet smoothies and customer service too!
I meandered in here this morning, minorly hungover, in need of caffeine and rejuvenation and Buzzberry had the solution:  raspberry-strawberry classic smoothie with a shot of 'energy'...blamo I feel much better.
I probably should have gone with the 'original' which is 100% fruit as opposed to the 'classic' because I like my stuff unsweetened as my 'name' says...because I'm so sweet LOL!
But my brain wasn't firing on all cylinders this morning, so I ended up with the sweet one.
It was still delicious though and you could tell it was all made fresh!
Yum!
The price is a bit high (about $6 a smoothie) and quantity is smaller than a Jamba Juice Original, but it is local and all fresh, so in my book it is worth it.
And see below because this place really is pretty darn outstandingly awesome!
The lady at the counter (unfortunately I did not catch the name) was very informative and very nice!
Like, SOOO nice I would have wanted to sit down and have a coffee with her; I mean a Buuzzzzzzberrry coffee.
Anyway, she gave me a punch card and because it was my first time in, she gave me TWO punches!
How awesome is that?
Not to mention, most punch cards have about 8/10 punches and it only takes 5 to get a free BuzzzzBerry smoothie!
She also talked me into signing up for the email list which sends out deals....who doesn't like a DEAL this day and age?
I told her I moved into a house down the road because my big goofy dog needed a yard and lots of other blah blah blah and what did she say...Bring in your DOG!
The place is dog friendly!
Can this place seriously get any better?????
YES!
It can!
They make all their pastries fresh and from scratch every day.
To top it off the awesome lady at the counter remembered my name, as I walked out the door, and said, "Bye, Lisa, come again.
" And guess what, I will!

if your going to offer a breakfast then use real eggs not that powder or what ever it is crap you are peddling please

After just a couple visits, I must say "This IS just about as good as it gets"!
Driven by many times.
Finally stopped for goodies to take home to a sick wife....
The place is SPOTLESS... the customer service and overall attitude is amazing and the breakfast sandwiches, coffee drinks and fresh baked (in-house) goodies are GREAT!
I love locally owned successes!
Keep it up!

Free Coffee 5-7am on Monday's.
I like the vibe of this neighborhood joint.
Great tasting all fruit smoothies and the best part is, they have a drive thru.
It's perfect for a pick me up in the middle of the day when the last thing you want to do is get out of your car into the 113 degree heat, thank you again for the drive thru!!
The lady that served me was very sweet and made a killer strawberry banana smoothie.
Next time, I intend on trying their breakfast or other food items listed on the menu.

Such a cute place!
Very quick service and everyone is so nice.

Great place with a welcoming atmosphere.
Had the cafe au lait and the cafe mocha; enjoyed both very much!
Also had a raisin cinnamon bagel with cream cheese.
Unlike coffee places I've been to (in Sacramento), Buzzberry is generous with the cream cheese.
And I mean generous in an awesome way!
Also tried their chocolate chip muffin.
I've had chocolate muffins before, but Buzzberry's was like a punch to the stomach, in a good way :-) I would go back, next time I visit Scottsdale.

I honestly should come to this place more.
It is my neighborhood coffee place and I should support it.
For whatever reason though, I never think to come here to get my coffee.
The people here are really awesome and friendly.
They have yummy "Buzzberry Chai"  that is blackberry-ish flavored.
I get mine dirty and it really is fabulous.
My son likes their smoothies.
I have sips and they are quite good.
I like that they have a drive-through.
I am all about drive-throughs before I have had my morning coffee!

Great place, minutes from home.
Staff are friendly & courteous.
Breakfast Bagels are great w/ a hefty serving of eggs on your sandwich.
Egg Bacon & Cheese is my fave right now.
You can walk in for the self serve coffee station plus the drive thru is convenient which i use most of the time before heading to work.
If you're near the area give this place a shot & I'm sure you'll find what suits your taste buds.

Great service, great food.
Not to mention they somehow manage to always have cute girls working here...
I use the drive thru mainly, I occasionally run into a line of cars there but it tends to move pretty fast.
Nothing beats rolling in here before work and getting right up to the window quick.
Everyone is friendly and I've found a few smoothie/add on combinations that I really like!
Give this place a try.. You'll love it.

The iced mocha latte is so good!
And all their muffins are excellent.

I have been visiting Buzzberry since the first day they opened.
It has consistently gotten better and better.
All of the baked goods are now baked fresh there daily and are delicious.
The Elvis smoothie is my kids favorite and am now stopping there almost daily for it.
My favorite is the green tea citrus mint.
The flavor is refreshing on a hot day and healthy anytime.
They have a drive thur if your in a hurry.
If not in a hurry it's fun to hang out play checkers and chill.

I order my own smoothie...a chocolate, peanut butter, banana rice milk smoothie when I go here.
Yum.
It's nice to be able to get a vegan treat when I'm on this side of town!!
We usually go thru the drive thru, but the inside's alright.
They have a kid play area, which is super handy when you have little ones.
I also like the giant chessboard inside.
Don't expect it to be too fancy though...the inside looks like someone decorated it with mix matched pieces they found at a garage sale!
Is it terrible for me to say it might have been designed by a man?!
Sorry guys.
Anyway, ignore the insides and go get your treats here!

Great smoothies.
Fast service, even a drive-thru !
Also sometimes my daughter wants an afternoon snack and they have sandwiches here also (even PB&J for the kids).
Smoothie card- buy 5 get 1 free!

I really enjoy their dairy free smoothies, although they are a tad expensive.
Also having a drive thru is a plus when you are feeling lazy!

Great place!
Very friendly staff and very reasonable prices on the drinks.
It's a bit out of my way, but I know where I'm going next time I go to the Chaparral Dog Park!

Today was the first time I actually drove thru the drive thru and ordered, though I pass Buzzberry almost daily.
The girl who took my order was very pleasant.
My order was perfect (I got the berry berry blast w/soy protein).
DELICIOUS!
And filling.
They have sandwiches and soup as among many other menu items.
GREAT EXPERIENCE!

Buzzberry's chess set, book collection and switchable radio are all very dandy, but the food is simply "alright".
It's really nothing special.
The prices are just a bit too high to justify eating here unless you live a luxurious lifestyle.
Sandwiches, pastries, bagels and smoothies are the common fare here and none of them are exceptional.
If you do come here, try ordering some of the breakfast items that are served in the morning.
I always stick with a cinnamon raisin bagel and cream cheese.
Yummy and slightly more affordable than the more fancy menu options.

Spent an early morn-afternoon on the comfy leather couch here working on my laptop, drinking tons of coffee and people-watching.
The staff was friendly, helpful, yet not intrusive or overbearing.
The perfect balance.
The choc-chip muffin (warmed up for me to the perfect melted-chocolate face-wiping temperature) was deeeelicious.
I was comfy, treated kindly, and enjoyed the quality of service.
One of the more cozy coffee houses I've been to, tho the windows could use some dressings, as there's a lot of glass letting in too much light.
Could be cozier, but I'll definitely be back.

Great coffee, great smoothies, great customer service!
I just wish they had better wifi.

I lurv this place.
The smoothies, the food, the pastries, the service, the atmosphere all rock.
I lurv that they have a punch card for smoothies and coffee so you can get one for free!
There's patio seating when it's nice out, tables inside for studying, couches for lounging and a HUGE chess set.
Like massive.
I will always have fond memories of this chess set, it's where I first learned how to play.
I lurv that you can add supplements to the smoothies- they've got vitamins and caffeine and other neat stuff.
So much better than Jamba Juice simply because they're locally owned and operated by some really nice high school kids.
You really get a community vibe in this place, there are posters, cards and pictures on the walls made by local kids.
I really dig it.
They're currently waiting for a liquor permit, so I'm excited to see what they do with it!

A great alternative to my usual Starbucks break & better coffee to boot!
Doesn't look like much from the outside but it's really a neat place with friendly staff.

Love this place, now they offer fresh dinners too.
I can eat here everyday.
I love stopping by and getting a smootie :)

I still love this cute, quaint place, but the prices have just gotten too high for my liking.
My regular smoothie now costs almost $7.00 ($6.91 to be precise).
That is just too much!
I still love the customer service here, they are always very friendly and know me and my dog by name.
I just feel like I need to be honest.
Even with the buy 5 get one free, the prices have just become too high.
Now, I only come here when I am meeting a friend for a coffee/smoothie because the place is cute with a cozy atmosphere, but I am no longer a 'regular'.

Every feel like grabbing an Omelet but don't want to wait in a huge line at a brunch spot?
Well have I got the place for you (on Sundays..although I wish it was offered every day :)!
Best made to order Omelet in town..complete with to die for cheesy potatoes!
This is a really nice LOCALLY owned coffee shop!
Very cozy and welcoming ambiance with lots of seating.
Plenty of room to stretch your legs and hang out.
The staff has always been very friendly to me and my pup.
I also like their variety of ice teas and their specialty coffee drink are pretty good too!

Delicious omelet's on Mother's Day bomb.

Buzzberry may not be the best coffee joint out there but it does the trick and it never hurts to support local.
The staff is generally friendly and pretty quick.
If you like a large drink make sure you get the "secret menu" large.

Coffee is good, but the wifi is a Sprint Mifi.
I'm here now, and my speedtest results are awful.
I can't work from here, and my home internet is down.
They need to upgrade the wifi and I'll return.
Until then, I can't work from here, which defeats the purpose.
Ping=157 sec Upload=.26Mbps Download=.58Mbps

It was the morning on Thursday, i was giving it an attempt because it was like right next to where I am working!
I ordered two breakfast burritos.
I asked the lady didn't have to put the scrambled eggs and cheese in my burritos.
Rather simply putting potatoes and include some vegetables in the burritos.She charged me one dollar extra in light of the fact that I only asked to have a couple potatoes and she didn't charge me this time for the single green leaf of lecture.
Does it make sense when you charge me one dollar extra since burritos support to have potatoes in it?
The even worst thing was the awful attitude that the lady gave to me.
This is really bad customer service for a place like this to be on Scottsdale town.
I guessed she didn't like it when I only purchased 2 small items on the menu.
The fun part was when I returned to the office.
I found out that: the first burritos, they put more than enough scrambled eggs like enough for 3 people to eat it and one slide of bacon and for the second burritos, they put one single green lecture leaf and one slice of bacon plus a few dices of potatoes not even peeled off the skin.
The thing that surprised me was the bacon was not even cut small pieces and I don't think they knew how to make burritos.
I knew that you are not authentic Mexican restaurant but at least try to make it look like burritos.
Please care more for the customer even tho they only purchased small items on the menu.
NEVER GOING TO COME BACK AGAIN FOR THIS PLACE!

Nice neighborhood business.
World class smoothie was good, not great.
The price on the menu clearly said $5 but came to about $6.50 when I ordered.
Turns out, the price was 5.99  not a big deal but, the menu SHOULD reflect the correct price.
Service is always super friendly.
Molly M. Manager Block & Report Owner  3 days ago Hi Larry,  I believe we've fixed the situation with the pricing...our menu artist has been ill and in the hospital.
We've had to scramble to fix his unfinished work.
Our sincere apologies - and our gratitude for the compliments  Best regards, Molly Callihan-Moss  Larry L. 3 days ago Great.
He must be REALLY sick because the same thing happened months before with the drive thru menu.
Even so, I would stick with the posted price until, it's changed.
Molly M. Manager Block & Report Owner  2 days ago He is....he has lost his business due to his illness.
You make a great point and we are looking at a new format to prevent these issues...Thanks for bearing with us as we figure it all out.
Warm regards, Molly  Larry L. Yesterday It's not that hard.
Take a damp paper towel and erase the wrong prices.
Let dry.
Write in the correct price with colored chalk.
Hope I've helped with your issue   Not a big deal for me but, most don't like being overcharged.
Oh wait, they actually weren't  overcharged right?

Cute neighborhood joint.
Ive never had a bad experience here.
I'm sure that my experiences here are based on the idea that this is not a "ritz Carlton" high end establishment and I don't expect too much excitement or over the top service.
What you see is what you get..... And I've always gotten service with a smile

Molly M. Manager Block & Report Owner  3 days ago Hi Larry,  I believe we've fixed the situation with the pricing...our menu artist has been ill and in the hospital.
We've had to scramble to fix his unfinished work.
Our sincere apologies - and our gratitude for the compliments  Best regards, Molly Callihan-Moss  Larry L. 3 days ago Great.
He must be REALLY sick because the same thing happened months before with the drive thru menu.
Even so, I would stick with the posted price until, it's changed.
Molly M. Manager Block & Report Owner  2 days ago He is....he has lost his business due to his illness.
You make a great point and we are looking at a new format to prevent these issues...Thanks for bearing with us as we figure it all out.
Warm regards, Molly  Larry L. Yesterday It's not that hard.
Take a damp paper towel and erase the wrong prices.
Let dry.
Write in the correct price with colored chalk.
Hope I've helped with your issue   Not a big deal for me but, most don't like being overcharged.
Oh wait, they actually weren't  overcharged right?

Best chocolate muffins ever!
A must try.

I would describe the food and coffee at Buzzberry as.... delicious!
The building is bursting with 90's style charm.
I have always had very friendly service, even back when I used to come around on my rollerblades (yeah so extra points for that).
Buzzberry makes dog treats, and they gave my corgi pup a free treat when I brought her by!
I love the breakfast burrito, iced dirty chai, iced americano...
Very good soup, always.
Buzzberry is a big part of what makes my neighborhood "home" for me.

I was really excited to visit this coffee shop because we live really close to it.
The drinks and food are pretty good, and the atmosphere is ok, a little run-down, and the wi-fi tends to be really spotty.
The prices for juices/smoothies are steep, and the selection of pastries and food isn't extensive.
Nothing I've ever had here has had a great wow-factor, so although nothing has been terrible and the service is friendly enough, we almost never come here.
In a pinch, though, stop in and have a soft pretzel - those are pretty good.

Enjoyed the unique combo of the mocha blackberry frozen smoothie.
I have not had that combination before.
Also tried the banana bread which was homemade, but wasn't that impressed.
It did not have enough banana flavor and the nuts were not baked into the bread, only on the outside.
Also, the fruit smoothies don't use real fruit - some kind of puree is involved.
The issue was that I paid 9 bucks for a slice of bread and a medium smoothie.
A tad on the high side.
Make that bread $2 a slice and we might have a deal.
Will be back to try something else or get that mocha,

Great food and nice people....
This place is super healthy, just expensive for my protein shakes.

Staff is always really friendly and the menu has a great variety of options.
I've had two less then great smoothies which is the only reason I didn't give a 5 star.
Chocolate Chip Muffin is still one of the best I've had in quite some time.
Can't beat 24 hours and close to SCC either :)

Cozy little coffee house.
They have a wonderful Sunday brunch also.
Great meeting place with friends and family.
Beats Starbucks any day!
Best Iced Tea hands down..anywhere!
The green tea is the same you get at the Camelback Inn Spa!
Ask for the frequent drink card!
Drive thru gets a little busy in the morning but worth the wait.
Their drive thru is open 24/7 !!!
Love this in our neighborhood.

This place is awesome!
It used to be my Saturday ritual to bring my laptop and get some writing done (I should start that up again!).
Good coffee, comfortable environment that only a local coffee shop can really create plus they are 24 hour.
I'll say that again, 24-HOUR!!!!
And have a drive thru and a bar!
I've never ordered a drink there but tempting!
You could quite literally spend the whole day there and might want to.
Also, (because those that read my reviews know how dog obsessed I am) they give treats to dogs!
Actually, I think they are even allowed here.
I've seen people bring dogs on the patio and even in the coffee shop but as a courtesy I would ask before bringing your dog inside but that's just me...

I dig this spot.... smoothies are refreshing on a hot day.
I love all of the smoothies.
I have not had a chance to sample the food, but the next time I stop by, I will check it out.
The decor is cool af.
I like the shabby chic feel to it.
I love to support local businesses,  so I will be back.

Way too expensive for a turkey sandwich I can make at home.
It was around $7.75 for the sandwich and a bag of plain potato chips.
Small smoothie was $4.75.
Over priced.

This place is ok...
I don't love their coffee and after adding protein to a smoothie it cost nearly $10.
I can get the equivalent for no more than $6 up the street.
The food items are overpriced and nothing special in comparison to Buzzberry's competitors in town.
Id much rather drive through D'Lish or stop at Olive & Ivy Marketplace or Chop Shop!

Drink prices still expensive, but the blackberry mocha is still tops in the frozen mocha category.
I also added a piece of coffee cake, which was warmed up, and this was the densest, best tasting coffee cake I have had in years.
Wish they included a pat of butter, but that coffee cake was numero uno.

Nice local spot....the owners are doing everything they can to make a buck.
Little pricey----I don't mind paying if the items are worth it...they were close.
Wifi was strong.....counter girl was the best----really knew the products but, used non-specific words such as "we get all our products from farmers markets within 30 miles"...but, there were bottled juices, beers, other items that clearly are not 'local'....don't get me wrong--they are trying!
I will be back for sure.

I used to love this place and come here all the time, but new people and other changes have just really brought the quality down.
Things that went wrong with my last visit:  -main issue, they used to put lots of bacon on their blt's (9 pieces...they actually told you that to assure you), but I've had a few bad ones so I first ask "do you still put lots of bacon on your blt's?
" And was assured they do.
I say great and order one.
I got at best 2-3 pieces.
I took a picture I'm going to try and attach to this review.
It was a weak sandwich...but I asked before ordering and was assured there was plenty.
-two of us at the register (holding hands) and the cashier only takes my order and immediately runs off, and I have to get her attention to tell her the second order, and she runs away before I can order drinks...so I got waters instead of wine -asked for a half cranberry croissant on wheat (instead of croissant)and soup, they can't do half a croissant...but I asked for wheat bread?
So i ask for a half turkey on wheat with cranberry added.
She tells me, "well that's just a cranberry croissant on wheat, which we can't do a half of"...so we just got a turkey...but when they brought it out they let us know they managed to add cranberry to it lol... -the sandwiches come with a pickle spear.
Neither of us got one.
I go up and ask, they bring me one...I ask for a second one because 2 people...sigh  Still pretty good place but this is the third or fourth time in a row and it has been getting worse each time.
I ordered drive through breakfast last time and got bacon egg sandwich, then before I drove away I asked if it was a bacon-egg...and she said "yup bacon egg!
" And I get home and it's a bacon-sausage.
I'm not excited to come here anymore.
Paying $9 to look in a paper bag and see 3 pieces of bacon, tomato, and lettuce on sliced bread with only a banana just doesn't seem worth it.

Love love love Buzzberry's iced chais!
They're such a treat during those 100+ degree afternoons.
I've come here at crazy hours in the morning and late afternoons and I have had nothing but the best service.
All the employees are fantastic and greet me with a smile and friendly hello!

I have only had their coffee but it's pretty good and the employees at the drive-thru window are always super friendly.
We go before visiting the dog park and they always have a delicious treat and a friendly word for my pup.
She looks forward to it as much as I do!
Honestly, the friendly service and convenient location are what keep me coming back.

I'm going to update my review to 4 stars because the management is fantastic and really cares about their customers.
We will definitely be back.
Most of my issues I think have come down to growing pains as they're getting busier and the newly hired employees haven't taken the same attitude to heart yet.
I would still like the lights dimmed a bit for dinnertime for atmosphere and ambiance, but it's a fun place to relax for a weekday dinner.

This review has nothing to do with the food or the service, mainly because I never got a chance to experience it.
In fact, my sole interaction with this place last week probably lasted a whole of 5 minutes, tops.
I started taking classes this semester, and in an effort to break the work-apartment-work cycle, I started looking for coffee shops that were 24-hour, or at least open late.
So, like the rest of us, I turned to Yelp for suggestions.
Buzzberry: 5am-5am?
Hell yeah!
A guy comes to the window and looks out at me as I'm parking.
It was pretty late (I headed here after my normal study place closed at 10), so I could understand the curiosity of any one coming to an empty looking establishment.
Looking back, that probably should have tipped me off, but anticipating this place to be open hadn't set off the normal red flags.
I wave at him, he walks off.
No big deal.
I get out of my car, go to the door, and... it's locked?
The dude is sitting in plain sight at the bar area, laptop open, back to me.
I tapped on the door, pulled the bar, and all but banged on it to get his attention.
He does not even acknowledge the fact that I'm there.
After a few minutes of awkward confusion, I looked for the hours of operation sign and found out why I was being ignored: The lobby is not 24 hours; the drive-thru is.
That's why this review is getting 1 star.
Granted, this is a mistake on Yelp's part and the fact that they have no real website up doesn't help, but the guy knew I was there.
He could have at least turned to face me and tell me the lobby was closed, instead of letting me stand outside in the cold with a bag full of books, knocking on the door and looking like a total idiot.
The food may be great, the service (If you get it) may be amazing but I WILL NOT be coming back here.

Awesome place!
Came in for a cup of coffee and had an awesome breakfast sandwich.
People are friendly and great service.

Nice staff and a great vibe to the store.
Ordered the breakfast burrito and the berry blast shake with peach!
It was great and I ended up play chess with my friend while waiting for the food.
This is a great post hike spot for food and a cool down.
I highly recommend for an alternate to LGO!

I REALLY want to like this place - it's a local mom&pop coffee shop/ restaurant and in my neighborhood- that alone is enough to get my business.
However, it just falls short on too many levels.
The naked bars are great, but other than that the sandwiches are lacking (could be made at home) and for what they are, they're overpriced.
The smoothies sound good, but taste more artificial than fresh.
Sometimes the ice tea seems like it's sat too long....
I periodically go back so maybe I'll get to edit the review with good news!

I love that this place continues to work to improve.
There is always a new experiment whenever I go--dog biscuits, dinner, omelets, etc.
The oatmeal and nutty cocoa mocha are my favorite menu items!
I wish I stilled lived close enough to go every weekend like I used to.

I use the drive-thru weekday mornings and I get a iced sugar free caramel latte.
This is the best iced latte I have ever had.
I usually get Starbucks which is a bit towards the bitter side and Dunkin Donuts which is passable but doesn't taste a lot like coffee.
Iced coffee at Buzzberry has a great combination of coffee, milk and syrup.
A bit pricey though at over $6 for a large.
But use the $1 with a Yelp check in and get a coffee punch card.
You get a free one after 5.

I have enjoyed going here for years.
The welcoming warm  spirit starts with the owner and runs through the staff.
The quality has  always been excellent and they just keep adding more.
So overall a place of quality, service and connection for me.

They're staff is always so friendly and pleasant.
Love that they always give my pup dog treats while we wait in the drive thru.
I love their breakfast bagels the most and any of the muffins!
Everything here is made in house, ill take it any day over McDonald's!
And they are now also making fresh juices, thank you!

Tried for the first time last weekend.
I had the roast beef sandwich.
It was nice to have a drive thru with healthy choices.
The portions were nice and the taste fresh.
I can't wait to return and try some other options.

Buzzberry is an adorable neighborhood cafe with a wide array of menu items for all!
I only wish it was closer to my house!
Coffees, teas, all-fruit smoothies (I had the tropical escape and it was scrumptious!
), breakfast, lunch and a nightly dinner specials....ooh AND beer/wine, drive-thru and 24 hr service.
Quite frankly, I don't know how they do it all!!
(All-natural dog treats, too!
)  Though I only had the smoothie, I will absolutely go back to check out their vast offerings.
Service was fast and friendly.
Free Wi-Fi was easy to connect.
Great study/meeting place or neighborhood hangout!

We've only been here twice, but both times have been great!
The coffee is wonderful, the smoothie was delicious, the banana bread was tasty, and my dog loves the buzzbones!
My Little loves the kiddo corner, too.
We'll definitely be returning customers as we are eager to try more items off the menu!

Within a short bike ride and everything is always delicious.
I love the smoothies but never tried the coffee until today.
Woops!
I am having a vanilla soy latte and it's waaaayyyy better than Starbucks.
There is also free wifi, a nice patio and fans inside blowing gently and making me feel like I'm on vacation.
Great locally owned business that also supports other local businesses.

I was really excited to try this place, even told my sister about it!
She went before me and didn't like her iced latte but I tried it anyways.
I got a coffee with caramel and almond milk and it was so bad I threw it away and went to Starbucks, all on my way to work.
Bummed, especially since it was almost $4 for a coffee!

Once again I went on my Scottsdale smoothie mission, today I stumbled upon the lovely buzz berry.
Not only did they customise and perfect my order, they did it with a smile on their face and stimulating conversation.
I would come back any morning, as I am curious about their breakfast burrito and bottomless mimosas.

I can't say enough good things about this place.
They have the best smoothies, They're food is extraordinary.
And the people are the nicest you will ever meet.
They are always smiling and are passionate about everything they do and have.
The inside of the store just has this wonderfully relaxed feel to it.... sofas, super comfy overstuffed chairs, fouton, and regular tables/chairs.
This is just a super chill place.
I always wish I could spend more time there.
On top of that, their prices are amazing.
Everything is SOOOO much cheaper than you would find at any other coffee house.
And, they have way more than any coffee house could offer.... smoothies (the best I have yet to find in the Phoenix area), daily fresh baked goods, sandwiches, daily dinner selection, beer, wine... the list goes on and on!
They used to just have the drive-thru open 24 hours.
But, now, the store is open 24 hours!!!
Plus, all of their baked goods are half price after 9PM!!
This is one place I think everyone has to experience at least once.

Super cute place.
I love supporting non corporate places such as this.
Great selection of food, beer, wines, coffee, smoothies, pastries, etc.
Free wifi and some eclectic furniture to get comfy on.
Nice patio out front, open late and a drive thru to boot.
Community board, local art and complimentary reading material as well.
Employees are super friendly and service was quick.
Prices are a tad on the steep side but other than that I really love this place.
Also got a $1 off deal when I did a Yelp check in.
Awesome.
If you're in the area please stop in and support these guys instead of Starbucks!

Great protein shakes and I love their dinners.
They are always fresh every night and I like the fact that they are not a huge chain.
Good stuff and its always a fair price.

Breakfast bagels, blueberry muffins, and their smoothies are amazing.
Never a complaint great service too!
Great lounge area as well...

Minus one star for the lousy smoothies at this place.
The Scottsdale Sunrise tasted like a juicebox apple juice.
At five bucks for a 12oz portion, it was a very pricey juicebox.
I actually had known they use a mix and not fresh fruit, but who knew it would really be this bad.
Just don't get that item and focus on other menu items for a better more worthwhile experience.

We got two smoothies from the drive thru.
I got a scottsdale sunrise and my husband got a world's best.
Mine is very tasty.
The perfect treat after hiking that giant mountain.
And it's always open.
I can't complain!

I really, really tried to like this place but it's just not consistent.
This morning was the straw that broke the camels back... Let me paint you a picture.
It's 6 am, your two year old woke up hungry and, you'll never guess, demanding.
Buzzberry is a quick option.
You order oatmeal for the boy & soy latte for you, but make a point to have it CHILDS HOT.
Both come out steaming like it was cooked in a crematory.
After 5 minutes of blowing on it, you ask for ice.
6 ice cubes later you assume it's ok.
Your little one tries it and all hell breaks lose; oatmeal spit everywhere, crying, screaming, trying to do everything to keep it from burning his tongue.
(Keep in mind you did test it but underneath was still hot.
) Frustrated, you ask for a bag and voice the fact nothing was what you specifically asked for... You get a blank look.
Not we'll fix it or I'm sorry.
So, your kids bent out of shape in tears & your $6 latte is watered down in ice with generic sugar...
Awesome start of the day!
You only hope the look that you gave the guy who said "have a good day" as leaving will haunt him in his sleep.
Now that being said, there are two pleasant girls that work drive-thru mid day.
I appreciate their genuine hospitality.
One is a younger brunette & a blonde (I really need to work on my name remembering skills)   Don't recommend the shakes, go to one-stop nutrition Do recommend the coffee cake or blueberry muffins.
But sad to say I'll never be back.

What can I say- I love this place!
We've been enjoying Buzzberry consistently for about 4 years.
I come every morning for a super secret menu extra large blackberry iced tea.
The breakfast burrito is great, great coffee.
Recently we tried the pulled pork dinner, also good.
Love supporting a local place in the neighborhood and especially a dog friendly one.
oh and Kate is awesome!

