Do NOT buy a Green Street Realty house that they are flipping!
It may look nice on the surface, but it is poorly constructed using below standard materials.
We have already had to buy all new appliances, several light fixtures and kitchen faucet.
We have had to use our home warranty 4 times in the first 2 months...3 of them for the a/c unit.
After several phone calls to the General Contractor, he did admit it wasn't his best work and has taken care of poor drywall work, replaced door trim and repainted much of the interior.
Specialty Builders did the work and they are VERY sloppy and lack serious attention to detail.
BUYER BEWARE!

Buyer beware: As previous reviewer stated, Green Street is flipping houses.
We purchased a remodeled Green Street home and are dealing with significant issues -- plumbing, HVAC, and poor overall build quality.
Our home inspector found many of the problems prior to closing, which were negotiated, but other problems were discovered immediately after move-in.
Superficially a very nice remodel.
But lack of consideration for next homeowner, along with poor quality control is evident all over -- much of it beneath the surface.
We have not found Green Street easy to deal with during any phase of the process, and cannot recommend doing business with them.

My experience with Green Street has been the best real estate experience to date.
It's refreshing to work with a team that has resources and the consultative disposition to patiently present all my options and pivot quickly when unexpected circumstances came up.
Truly a great experience!
Thank you GSR!!

HIGHLY RECOMMEND Green Street Realty, they bent over backwards to get my home show ready, we received multiple offers and Green Street was able to sell my home quickly and for slightly above full listing price!
My family and I couldn't be more impressed with their (in particular Brian North's) responsiveness and professionalism.
I recommend Green Street to anyone looking to sell their home in Phoenix.

Derek, while I cannot agree with your "above and beyond" claim, I can confirm that we have come to a satisfactory resolution with Green Street.

An update to my original post....after reading my initial review, Marc and his team at Green Street definitely made the effort to "right the ship".
They were responsive and made sure that the issues I had were resolved.
After a few months, we finally came to an agreement on the entire A/C unit needing to be replaced (by a different vendor than the original installer) and that was taken care of last month.

