This is my friendly neighborhood Starbucks.
I am sad that I am finding myself here more frequently since the two closest independent coffee houses have gone under.
RIP the independent coffee house but alas I must still have my caffeine fix.
This location has a rather nice outdoor seating area.
They seem to be heavily staffed on most of my visits.
Given, they are pretty busy but I still find myself watching in amazement as 6-7 people scramble about.
I am always struck at how it takes 6-7 people to do roughly the same work that someplace like Coffee Rush does with 1 or 2 people.
Not infrequently my order is either wrong or has to be stated and restated 4-5 times.
I suspect this is a result of too many folks working on the outcome.
Like the game that is played in elementary schools where a statement is made at one side of the class and whispered from child to child until it reaches the other end of the room.
So child #1 whispers "Henry stubbed his toe at the pool.
" and the last kid is told, "Henry found human toes stuck in the pool filter.
"  Lost in translation.
Too much noise in the system.
That is why about 25% of the time I end up with a nonfat hot chocolate or something rather than a no whip, extra hot mocha.
Such is Starbucks.

I am a coffee addict but totally fine with that.
This Starbucks location I frequent all the time.
Great crew here.
One positive and negative is their drive-through.
While convenient at times, in the morning especially it get's insanely busy and the wait can be a bit much.
The upside though is they often put their money where their wait is, if the wait is too long they often end up buying your coffee that morning.
I've had it happen 3 times in on month.
So I can't complain.
Robert Pfeifer

This is not the closest Starbucks to me, but it's the closest one with a drive-through... and sometimes I'm just that lazy!
The people working the window have always seemed really happy to see me?
or to be working?
or what, I don't know, but it at least makes for a pleasant experience in the 2 minutes it takes to pay and grab my cup.

quality drinks & service

This is the Starbucks I prefer above all others in my area!
Whenever I walk in, or drive thru, I feel like Norm from the old tv show, Cheers ... everybody knows by name, and greets me using it and a smile.
:) More often than not, they know what my drink of choice is, too!
Trisha and Jen are two of the most bubbly, upbeat, customer service-oriented people I have ever encountered.
But honestly, I have yet to encounter anyone there who doesn't seem to love doing what they do, or fake it really well!
Quality service with a smile ... not easy to find these days; this Starbucks location offers it in a big way!

I don't generally patronize Starbucks.
For one thing, I'm not a coffee drinker.
However, wife and daughter are.
They both love the coffee here (in general).
So we popped in this morning on the way to dropping daughter at a friend's house, and on our way to work.
They got, and seemed happy with, their pricey coffees.
They also bought me a pricey "old fashioned" donut.
The donut was really good.
I don't think it was $1.50 good, but it was vastly better than Dunkin or any grocery store donut (which isn't a very high hurdle to clear, I admit).
If they weren't so pricey I'd give them four stars for quality of food and beverages.
In summary:  very pricey, but pretty good.
If you want to splurge (or are rich enough you don't care about price), come to Starbucks.
This shop had friendly staff who moved quickly.

omg!
the drive through is super slow!

Great customer service, beverage, and atmosphere!
The music is background music so you can talk with company, the store layout is perfect, the place is very neat and clean too.
It's in a perfect location too!

Your typical Starbucks.
The only negative is about half the time their wifi doesn't work, which can be frustrating.
I often go to Starbucks to get a little work done.

So I think its a given that Starbucks has great coffee...so what I would like to say most about this location is the customer service ROCKS!
Everyone is always extremely friendly, the service is super duper fast and they usually have my husbands order ready to go the second they see him walk in the door...yes he goes nearly every day.
That is what I call good customer service.
Service with a smile and employees that remember you, it makes you feel appreciated, even if you are only buying a cup o' joe.

I have been to this Starbucks quite a few times.
The inside is super comfortable and the bathroom is super clean.
I mainly use the Drivethru which is super convenient and out of the way of the parking lot.
All of the people I have dealt with have been super friendly and the drinks have been tastey.
I definitely recommend this to people in the area.

