this was our first stop for furniture shopping.
we were on our way to ashleys and it's in the same plaza.
they had tons of cool stuff.
we found an awesome, gigantic leather sectional for a good price.
they have loads of nice furniture and accessories.
we didn't buy anything yet because we needed to do a little comparative shopping (and ended up buying elsewhere) but i really like the gigantic decorative pots they had there.
we'll be back to check them out in more detail.

Nice stuff but terribly over priced.
Stick to consignment shopping in Phoenix.

Switch Consignment is the only place I will ever shop for home furnishings!
Switch has a large variety and you can see thatl they are picky about what they will carry.
The consignment inventory is incredible!
Very well cared for, very high end and very affordable!
If you haven't stepped in this store, beware!
You will need  your wallet and a little time to see everything!
I redecorated my entire living room and then consigned my set.
Switch is timely on payment!
They are fully staffed and always busy!!!
Right behind Sapporo on Scottsdale road!!

I enjoyed walking through the store and perusing the stock.
I found the staff to be very friendly and not too pushy.
Every single inch, nook and cranny of this store is filled with furniture, accessories, and decor.
The furniture ranges from antique, modern, expensive, to cheap.
There's pretty much something for every style.
The store closes at 5 pm on weekdays, so it's a little hard to catch them while their open during the week.
It's certainly worth checking out if you don't mind every-so-slightly used furniture.

Althought I just bought something small for my kitchen, their prices on furniture were very reasonable.
I liked that they had a good variety of contemporary stuff.
If you like Pier One, you'll probably like this place, except you won't pay the Pier One prices.
The staff were extremely nice and helpful.
Will be back again when I need more furniture.

I have been frequenting about 10 consignment stores in Scottsdale.
I am furnishing a house and looking for quality furniture and home goods at a decent price.
This place is one of my top 5 and the merchandise is of a high quality at a reasonable price.

I keep stopping into this store because of the great location, but I have never found anything worth purchasing.
It's frustrating and places it very near the bottom of my list of choices in Scottsdale consignment stores.
Two major gripes:   1.
Quality is spotty, with a selection of pretty nice pieces and a huge amount of absolute dreck--old, fugly, worn, stinky, dated, damaged--just horrid.
Apparently, they refuse nothing.
Stacks of tatty, cheap '90's era pastel southwestern prints, heaps of reeking pee-stained carpets, droves of clumsy oak-veneered TV armoires.
'Nuff said...  2.
Pricing: anything remotely nice is ridiculously overpriced.
Hello, more than the original retail IS overpriced!
This is not what consignment shoppers expect.
Staff has been fairly friendly, but harried and stumbling around in the overstuffed back part of the store along with the customers.
This store needs an editor with some taste and a better sense of resale markets and pricing.

Just the idea of a consignment store is genius in these times.
It seems like every store has the same things, anything from clothes to furniture.
You will always find something unique at Switch Consignment.
Both of their showrooms are very well put together.
You can tell they really put the time and effort into all of their displays.
The displays give you great ideas and they offer unique items at very reasonable prices.
On the other end; consigning with them is a breeze.
The process is easy and fair; simple as that.
I have nothing negative to say about Switch Consignment.
Go ahead and check out one of their showrooms one day.
I guarantee you will see something you will like.

I love, love, love Switch Consignment!
Why pay full price for furniture or lamps or paintings, when you can find a unique, high quality piece here for a fraction of the cost?
Every week there are new items, so it's like walking into a new store every time.
If you like treasure hunts, this is the place to find it.
Their items are obviously previously owned, but they are very maticulous about what they choose to take, so everything really does look new.
Service is always friendly as well.
This is a place you don't go to once, the thrill of the chase is involved here.
If you don't find what you want the first time, trust me, go back again, I'm sure it will appear.
p.s.
if you find something you like BUY IT.
There is absolutly no garuntee it will be there the next time you come in, or even the next day.
(I know this from personal experience.....)

Totally agree with Laura P.'s review...dated, overpriced goods.
Many, many items are in sorry shape...akin to what you'd see at a "thrift" store.
Staff is pleasant, but seems disorganized.
Could be so much better with a great manager/editor.
C'mon Switch...you have an ideal location & lots of space....be more selective about what you're taking in, price it realistically, and hire a talented person to display your merchandise....to sell!

Like their stuff.
A little on the pricey side, but it is Scottsdale and they have to pay the rent.
I have been there several times and always find something I like.
Sometimes it's furniture and sometimes it knick knacks.
I drive in from East Mesa-Apache Junction and we think it's worth the drive.

Fair is fair...I had to write this update as I recently got a smoking' deal on a dining set.
Staff was very pleasant & accommodating, plus the store looks a bit better.
Still, guys...you need to clean up the back of the place...difficult to walk through and looks messy.

