Great hotel!
Brand new property and excellent place to stay for the night.
Don't get fooled, the lobby is on the 2nd floor here.
But stop by alder's for a free drink by showing your room card.
It's right across the street!

This is a nice limited service hotel in Middleton, next to a gigantic health club.
It is easy to get to when you get off the highway.
There isn't much you can walk to from here, but i would assume most people have a car that are staying at the Hampton Inn.
The rooms are comfortably large.
The bed i slept in, a true King, was just so-so.
The mattress was a bit too firm and the blanket was pretty cheap.
They need an upgrade there.
The tv was a flat screen, but it was on the smaller side for the size of the room.
I did like that the bathroom i had didn't have a useless bathtub and instead had a walk in shower.
There was also complimentary Wi-Fi that worked well.
They also have breakfast in the morning.
Standard fare for these hotels.
They had nasty bacon however.
I love bacon and the bacon they had wasn't worth touching.
But the coffee, oatmeal, hard boiled eggs and fruit was fine.
I would stay there again if i had to, but not my first choice in Madison.

Great new hotel.
Everything is brand new.
I really like the King bedroom suite.
The pool and breakfast area are really nice.
I'll come here again for vacation.

Here two weekends in a row for business travel.
It was a nice hotel with nice features.
What do you expect from a Hilton property?
Breakfast is warm and had a nice selection and beds are comfortable.
They wash their duvet covers between every guest and they have pillows of different firmness.
Front desk staff is also nice.
Pool and jacuzzi are more than I expected and they have a business center as well.
Also, they have a nice workout center with many free weights, nice treadmills and also kettle balls and towels in the workout facility.
It's really close to the highway for easy access, but not so close you hear road noise (at least either of the two rooms I was in).
Also, it's convenient to a lot of things on the west side of Madison like Greenway Station and West Towne.
I recommend this place.

The management at Hampton Inn & Suites at Madison West was excellent.
My hockey team & I found out late that this was the hotel for the tournament and although we didn't book before the date we were suppose to the management still gave us a deal.
The hotel is very clean and the rooms very nice and comfortable.
My only complaint is that one of the elevators was broke and cleaning staff waiting had told us that.
By our checkout Sunday I told the manager that it was my only complaint and came to find out NO ONE (including the cleaning staff that were WELL aware) had told them the elevator had been out of use all weekend!
I should have been more proactive.
Also there weren't very good signs as to stairs we could use without setting off the alarms to avoid the long waits to use the elevator.
Other than that the breakfast had a good variety of options.
They also had coffee & biscottis available all day and deserts (cupcakes) in the evening.
Overall a good experience and I will certainly look into staying here again during our  next trip up to Madison.

Not especially fancy, but clean, welcoming and they have a good gym and pool.
I'd stay here again.

