Group Health Cooperative has done an excellent job for us.
Primarily because they are proactive in your health care.
Almost all of the doctors have all been nice and some are exceptional.
We rarely have to wait in line for anything.
The main criticism I would have is that they tend to rush through the appointments and I would prefer a more casual discussion with my doctors.
Taking the time to listen and discuss issues and concerns seems to me to be part of health care.
They provide a wide range of alternative health services which we love to take advantage of.
If you are considering this health service you can rest assured that you will get excellent health care here.
You just need to be prepared for their system of time management.
The short lines are one of the positives of this method.
When you make your appointment you have to be specific about what you are seeing the doctor for and know about how much time it will take.
Once the appointment is set, that will be the time you will have.
Their customer service has always been helpful and very friendly on the phone.
This alone is a super big plus to us.
Their billing is relatively easy to understand.
With the new Health Care Reform Bill they sent out a letter informing us that there will be little to no impact on our service because GHC was already doing the things that the Bill requires!
What's not to like about that.

I am sad I do not belong to GHC anymore because of the alternative medicine benefit that was in my plan.
It forced me to take care of myself.
If you are a person who doesn't have a lot of health issues going on this is the place for you !
People with children seem happy too :)  They are good with the kiddos   However the doctor I went to was not very good she did not give me a real exam for girlie stuff and I ended up having tumors that could have been removed in time by surgery not after the fact along with most of my downtown organs..
I was very upset having to have to wait to see a doctor always I say a nurse practitioner for things a real doctor should have seen me for like when I wasn't responding to antibiotics during a bad  Bronchitis episode.
The waiting rooms were really overcrowded ( YAH MORE GERMS) and you would wait a long time...  People were very nice there but nice doesn't mean good health care..they have a lot of amazing things going for them however they need improvement...

I've been taking my family here since they opened this location and can't speak highly enough of the service we've had.
We've used all aspects of the services here and have been very happy with them all.
In general, we really can't complain about anything.
Yes, there have been a few wait times, once a mix up on prescription eyeglasses but, at my age, and with having traveled and used so many clinics around the U.S., these folks are by far the most professional, highly qualified, and really do seem to care.
We love Group health!

I have gotten really excellent care here.
During a routine physical, my doctor (well, physician assistant, but she knows her stuff!
) caught some things that could have been easily passed over.
She also pushed me to get additional tests and found something serious that could have been easily missed.
She also addressed all the minor issues that I brought up, too!
Just really thankful to be going here.
Everyone here is friendly, willing to help, and I actually look forward (or at least don't dread) going to get checkups here.
My biggest issue is how short the appointments are and how long it takes to get an appointment (over a month for my initial appointment), but I think that has more to do with the lack of general physicians nation-wide than any particular failing of GHC specifically.

The pharmacy is very slow.
I usually fill at the Capitol Clinic, but stopped by here today because I was nearby.
I waited almost 15 minutes for my Rx even though there was only one other patient waiting.
At Capitol, it's usually a minute or two.
Fill your prescriptions elsewhere.
Great experiences with clinicians.
Dr. Tock (derm) is very helpful and Dr. Barnes (optometry) is fantastic.
May be weird, but I have fun going to my eye appointments.
She's great.

