This place is great!
I've always been impressed with Michelle and her personal approach.
They offer a variety of herbs and vitamins in their office which makes it convenient.
Good appointment times available.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that parking is sometimes a challenge here depending on the time of day you come.
95% of the time you can find a spot in the lot, but occasionally have had to park down the street for an appointment.

Michelle Buchanan was recommended to me 5 years ago by my acupuncturist in Chicago, right before my 1st IVF treatment.
I was looking for the right herbs that would compliment my existing meds protocol to increase my chance of pregnancy.
Michelle offered me a thorough phone consult with extensive paperwork that I had to fill out to give her the information she needed to make the appropriate herbal concoction.
With her help, I was able to conceive a beautiful, healthy baby boy.
I will forever be thankful to her.
Michelle is kind, caring and full of knowledge.
Her staff is very helpful and pleasant to work with.
Now as we approach our journey to have our second child, I am back in her care.

Moving to their new location was the best idea ever.
The building is just gorgeous - the waterfall, the nice big reception/waiting area and the treatment rooms with all their different themes are awesome.
I now have a wonderful massage therapist and super acupuncturists and very conveniently located 10 minutes from my house!
Very helpful friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Highly recommend it!

Liz is amazing.

I attended a 2 day essential oil workshop at Isthmus Acupuncture.
AMAZING!
Michelle is fabulous, and her teaching style made both days fun, educational, and full of laughs.
Not only did I walk away with valuable information to enhance my massage practice, I immensely enjoyed the ambiance and all of the helpful staff there at Isthmus.
I would highly recommend all of their services and checking out their wonderful classes!
Thanks, Michelle!

