Not bad for right down the street to where I live, but not great in the scheme of things.
I had never had a dog before so when I got one I had a lot of questions.
I asked the vet there what kind of food my dog should be eatting and all she could tell me was "a quality one, like the one we offer here".
She also told me my dog was very badly behaved.
Which would be differnt if she actually was a bad dog but number one I had just gotten her from the humane society and was just learning to work with her and number two the context in which she was telling me this was when they were trying to take her temp analy...and all my dog was doing was moving around, no barking no biting and no jumping.
Just because she wouldn't sit still to get something up her butt makes her a bad dog?
If you can get passed all that, they are prety cheep, and have a wide range of availability.
They also did successfully get my dog healthy after I adopted her...she had three different kinds of worms and couldn't keep down food.

I really love these guys...they're so kind to my cats and I've found them to be very helpful in providing me with information to make informed choices about my pets' health.
And they've never made me feel bad about needing to weigh financial concerns in my decisions.
They are definitely "animal people" who know how to deal with people as well.

This place is fantastic.
It's right in my neighborhood and the staff there is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.
I've called to ask questions a few times and they always take the time to talk with me.
My cat is extremely skittish and afraid of people, and Dr. Brooks has the magic touch to keep him calm and non-traumatized.
The cat has also had several health issues and has had to spend time overnight at Veterinary Emergency Services and the staff at Northside Animal Hospital have been awesome with his follow-up care.
He's on a prescription diet, so I have to stop in monthly to buy his food, and their prices are actually better than anywhere else I have found (including online).
I highly recommend them!

I love these guys...they have been so kind to my elderly kitty and are always friendly and helpful to me as well.
I have recently moved across town, and they're no longer the most convenient vet for me, but I'll make the drive across town to come here.
These are real animal people who are good with people too!

About five years ago I was cat-sitting for a friend and had to take her cat to the vet, which was Northside Animal Hospital.
I was so impressed with the kindness, patience and efficiency of the staff I started taking my cat there.
I'm the type of customer overall that likes to ask questions like, "Do you know what type of things cause that?
" and "Do you know the actual statistics of success with this procedure/medicine?
" and I LOVE that they always answer patiently and honestly.
(It took me a long time to find a mechanic that could do the same when I took my car in, and now that I've found him I'll be loyal to him for life.
)  If it is ever up to Dr. Brooks to make my cat's healthcare decisions for me, I would trust her completely.

This is the best care I have ever had for my dog.
Highly recommend!

Dr. June Brooks is a wonderful, knowledgeable vet.
The vet assistants are thoughtful, kind, and really good at what they do.
I am a bit of a crazy cat lady, and they never make me feel bad about my (over) concern for my cats.

We took our black lab pup to Northside a week ago for his first visit after coming home.
They were very prompt at answering the phone, and took the time to find an appointment slot that fit our schedule.
On the day before our scheduled visit, they gave us a courtesy call to ensure that everything was still good to go for the impending visit.
The day of the visit, every staff member that was near the entryway introduced themselves to both my fiancé and myself...AND made a point to play with our pup to make everyone feel welcome.
The scheduled appointment began on-time and we met with Debbie (very nice and informative vet tech).
From Debbie, we segwayed into meeting Dr. Brooks.
Again - very friendly and had a wonderful demeanor with all of us.
After all the checkup, medicine, and vaccines were administered they set up our next appointment in the exam room and were able to take payment there, too.
Two days following our appointment, we received a thank you note for choosing NAH.
Pretty neat that they took the time to do that!
Overall I found our experience with NAH to be excellent, and I will openly suggest to my fellow pet-owners to check them out!

