They have special discounts on wings on Wednesday.
Not the best, but good for a grad student!

I prefer domino's over pizza hut for sure.
Sometimes I crave it more than toppers.
Its good for when you're feeling lazy and want some yummy pizza.
Plus the parmesan bites are delicious.

CONSIDER YOURSELF WARNED!
I ordered my pizza at 11:35 am, did not arrive until 12:35 pm.
Where I work is downtown/campus area.
My co-worker and I ordered the artisan pizza with spinach, feta and onions.
I noticed on the Tracker (on the Dominos website) that the pizza had been sitting under Quality Check for more than 20 minutes.
I called and the girl who answered the phone gave me an uncomfortable laugh and stated they were 'busy' or words to that effect.
When the pizza finally arrived, the guy showed up with a pile of pizzas including mine.
He didn't smile and just said 'have a nice day' in a very montone voice.
When I got back to my desk and opened the box...the pizza was stone cold folks!
Thank goodness the pizza was half priced or otherwise I would have been on the phone to whatever manager runs the place.
NOT HAPPY!
Dominos, you need to not only have your place properly staffed on a Friday, but definitely staffed properly when there are half priced specials going on!
You cannot allow pizzas to just sit there until the one, lone guy shows up and grabs a dozen pizzas trying to deliver all of them within a short period of time.
NOT GOOD BUSINESS!
Thumbs down Dominos.
There are too many other places around here who deliver in a timely fashion and offer a much better product.
I will NOT be ordering from this Dominos again.
You have lost mine and my co-workers future business and we will not hesitate to inform others (as this yelp review attests to) NOT to order from this establishment.
One ticked off middle-aged woman who just wanted to eat a pizza...geesh.
Editors Note:  I did call a back from someone in Milwaukee (or the area) in regards to my bad experience.
She sent me a certificate for a free pizza.
I do appreciate the gesture, and I am hoping the next time I order I will be wowwed.

