Book an appointment with Teri for a pedicure.
Book with Jason for nail extensions.
ALL the employees are good natured and helpful.
The place is CLEAN (including the restroom); they disinfect the pedicure pool spa with Clorox bleach after every use AND, they want to know how you enjoyed your visit; they actually give an *ish that you come back!
Go figure, huh...  Go here.
Get hooked up.
Don't go broke.
Go on; get happy!

This was my first time here and I LOVED it!
I loved everything about this place!!!!
The staff is wonderful, they gave me an AMAZING pedi and I haven't had a massage on my legs and feet that felt that good in a very long time!!!
This is going to be my new home for pedi's!!!

This place REALLY is as good as it gets!
Jason, Lisa and Marcus do an exceptional job with fills or the new non-chip polish that stays on for 2 weeks.
Their pedicures are also great.
The salon is clean too!
They steam clean their tile floors every night!
Love their salon and won't go anywhere else.
Prices are good too.
Try it and you won't go anywhere else.

I went here for the first time (and for my first mani/pedi...ever) before my wedding back in 2009, and had a great experience.
I've since been back a few times for pedicures, and it's always been very positive.
The place is clean, the staff is friendly and professional, and the results are always lovely.
I went to another place in Hilldale once on a whim, and did not have NEARLY as good an experience.
The staff at La Vie helps you feel like you're actually getting pampered a little bit, and that's as important to me as leaving with my toes looking pretty.

I was visiting from out of town and needed a relaxing mani/pedi experience.
The service was far more personal than what you come to expect these days!
The shop is immaculate, the staff is friendly and engaged, and actually takes time with each client.
Lovely nails, little break from stress, what could be better??

I got a simple french mani from liz as a walk-in, I walked out grinning ear to ear.
Excellent prices and excellent service.

What a great job they do,, walked in and all the chairs were full but I somehow got taken care of within minutes.
great atmosphere, great atmosphere,, well worth the extra 10 bucks or so for quality work.

Went last week and got the BEST pedicure I've ever had!
The staff was incredibly nice and I've never received such a wonderful massage after my pedicure was over!
I will never go anywhere else in Madison for nail services, and I'm telling all my friends!

One of the beat pedicures I've ever had.
Amazingly through.
Jason gives great massages!

Staff here is verrrry friendly and does a great job!
I've been coming here for 3 years and haven't turned back since!

Awesome service and SO friendly.
Pedis were amazing!!!

I had a really nice experience here.
Staff was friendly and welcoming.
My tech Tammy was very attentive; she took special care with my cuticles when I told her they are sensitive and gave me the longest, most thorough leg and foot massage that I've ever received!
She was friendly and just the right level of chatty.
The establishment was clean but rather cluttered looking; there was practically no decoration and the supply closets and utility cupboards were wide open so even more clutter was visible.
Also, the whole place smelled like a Dorito factory, which was really bizarre.
Overall I was totally happy with how my mani/pedi turned out and I am likely to go there again.
I took off one star for the kinda sloppy look of the place and the Dorito smell (hello, Glade?).
:-)

The work was good, but the prices are high.
A new set of pink and white acrylics was 56.
When I called they quoted me 45.
Three of my nails began to lift after just 5 days so I don't think I'll be going back.

Jason is the bomb!!!!
I love him.
I live in PA now, but every time I'm back in Madison I make it a point to get a pedi and a fill there.
I really miss Jason and the whole La Vie gang.
They always greet you with a smile and everyone knows your name.
Highly recommend, no other nail salon in the Madison area comes close to the level if service they provide to their clients.

Hands down the best nail salon I have been to in Madison.
Also probably one of the best pedicures I have ever had.
Very clean nail salon.
The techs don't rush and spend a lot of time getting your nails and toes perfect.
Their prices are great and I definitely wont be going anywhere else!

Excellent service, kind staff.
I read about this nail salon on yelp and decided to check it out.
I got a French manicure gel/shellac and a pedicure for a great price.
I highly recommend this nail salon.
I made an appointment, arrived earlier than planned, and they fit me in with no problems.
Highlight: staff and clients must have been in excellent moods because everyone was making jokes and were very relaxed with each other.
That made it a nice experience for an out-of-towner.

My bridal party and I went here for manicure/pedicures the day before my wedding, and we were all very happy with the service, staff, and price!
Everyone's nails looked beautiful for the wedding and my pedicure is still going strong even a week later.
The staff there were all very friendly and accommodating.
Highly recommended!

It's was a very nice pedi/mani with NARA's , she so friendly and cuties , loves all designs  Will be back soon

I've been to La Vie twice for pedicures -- the first time being almost 2 years ago and because of the incessantly chatty and annoying male nail tech, it wasn't a positive experience.
He didn't seem to grock that the iPod in my ears meant that I wasn't there to listen to his incredibly boring comedy routine.
SO.
On the adivce of a friend I booked an appointment with Victoria and couldn't be happier.
My feet take lots of digging, scraping and excavating to get to beautiful.
Victoria immediately understood the challenge, worked hard and efficiently for over an hour, and when I left I had baby pink feet, smooth heels, and well-shaped nails.
What I did not have were the two nasty ingrown toenails I'd arrived with.
Thank you, Victoria.
Found out yesterday that you're away until November.
Hope I can hold out for my next pedicure until you return.

This place it's very nice and clean , worker so friendly and do a great job; I alway go to see Nara  she did a very good job on my pedi & mani,

Jason is the bomb!!!!
I love him.
I live in PA now, but every time I'm back in Madison I make it a point to get a pedi and a fill there.
I really miss Jason and the whole La Vie gang.
They always greet you with a smile and everyone knows your name.
Highly recommend, no other nail salon in the Madison area comes close to the level if service they provide to their clients.
Just returned for a visit, my friend and I went for mani-pedis.
Still amazing service.
I love this place, makes me want to move back to WI!

This has been my go-to nail place for about two years.
Prices are competitive and their manicures and pedicures are quality work.
This place is often busy, but I've never been turned away and I usually walk in without an appointment.
I've seen them stay open late to fit in walk-ins when they're booked solid to closing.
I've had my nails done by many of their techs and the quality is consistent no matter who is working on you.
My nails are always nicely shaped and completely covered with polish (I dislike some places where they avoid the nail bed and end up with a a lot of nail showing at the base).
Highly recommend.

This review is strictly for a pedicure.
Average service and quality across the board.
No one offered a place for my coat (in Madison, WI really?
), she didn't bother to ask me if I wanted to leave a tip so they had to run my card twice (bc I guess they can't add it after fact) & they spring a whole $1 charge for using your credit card on you at the very end (no signage or warning of course which is total BS).
Know that pedicure is $35 with no upsell "spa" options- $55 for gel ($20 more for gel, REALLY?!?!).
The place is more reminiscent of a medical supply shop than a spa- not exactly tidy and very cluttered.
Chair I was on didn't have working controls- had to leave it with auto.
The massage was very ambivalent & she actually yawned while working on me.
I especially can't stand it when they spend a nice 5 minutes on one leg then rush through the second leg in 2 minutes.
If you are hoping to have a dry heel worked on and exfoliated- don't bother with this place.
No real effort or bother- just a quick brush with the pumice stone.
Bottom line- it was average and I definitely will try somewhere else next time.
Plenty of options in area.
Finally, I feel the need to vent about fellow customers and one of my biggest pet peeves.
I'm somewhere where people come to relax.
Is it really too much to ask that you shut your trap and keep your gum experience to yourself?
You are not coaching a football team for Pete's sake- you are getting a pedicure!
Keep your chomping & cracking to yourself thank you very much.

I went here for 18+ months every two to three weeks,  and the last time Jason charged me $10 extra because I hadn't been there for over 4 weeks said he had to start over.
According to the posting I was already paying top price.
I found myself waiting as much as 20 minutes for an appointment I had made while they worked on walk ins.
Also as time went on the work got sloppy.
I guess great for occasional walk ins but I always left over a 20% tip and wasn't appreciated

