Now, I can't speak for the other clinics, but this place is terrible.
First off, the quality of service is mediocre.
They also force you to always see the same dentist and hygienist, so they can never schedule an appointment in a reasonable amount of time or when you need it, think 3 month waiting period, like you have some lasting relationship with someone you've only seen for 5 min once every 6 mos.
I dread my dentist appointment because it means I'll have to move my whole schedule around to accommodate it and if something comes up, I have to wait weeks (at least) to get another appointment.
The only reason I go is because GHC forces you to use them for dental coverage, I think I'm going to drop GHC just because I hate going here for dental.

Wow, so I did not end up going to this office because the phone service was terrible.
They were so rude and no helpful at all.
The receptionist barked at me about my lack of availability for appointment time.
They left me on hold for nearly twenty minutes.
I can not attest for anything else, but the receptionist has a terrible attitude.

Ted Lovcik is a great dentist.
Used him for 20 years.
Never had a problem.

I have been going to Dental Health Associates for 27 years and I am happy.
I see Dr. McClain and have seen her since I was a small child when this practice was at the South Clinic.
Yes, they are booked often, but that is a sign in itself.
I think the care is worth it, enough to travel from Milwaukee to continue to see her and from Illinois and Indiana, when I lived there.
If you set up your appointments for every six months, then you'll have fine availability.
Yes, it can be hard to plan that far in advance, but I think it's worth it.
Finally, for what it's worth, my entire family has seen her for years.

Another stellar experience at DHA South.
I was sure I had a cavity in one of my molars and when I asked my orthodontist in Milwaukee to check she said it might be a cavity, but a really small one.
So, the week before Thanksgiving I called DHA and scheduled an appointment to have it filled.
They were really accomodating and found me an appointment that was not only after finals, but during the time that my place of work gives us off for holiday.
Additionally, it was the day after Christmas, so I was able to see her while I was visiting family in Madison and I didn't have to make a separate trip.
At 8:45am I was called by my favorite hygienist  and I was off.
At about 9:05 I was done and out the door.
Cavity filled, no novicane required because it wasn't that severe.
Dr. McClain also treated my tooth with some desensitizer before sending me on my way.
After the treatment she spent some time chatting with me about the process of my orthodontics and gave me my favorite toothpaste.
She did have to go to see another patient, but I can't wait to see her again.
As usual, if I have questions I can email her and she will respond personally.
I will admit that some of the reception staff aren't the friendliest, the most helpful, or whatever.
Example, at this particular visit I checked-in and had to inform them of an insurance change.
My new insurance is through my former employer, so it is a little confusing, but I did tell them, "I am no longer with my former employer, but my benefits are still with them.
The difference is that I am a dependent on someone else's policy and I am no longer the primary for the policy.
I have a new ID number and I can give that to you when you're ready.
"  Seems pretty simple, but they went on to not understand and ask me about relationship status' and name changes.
In my opinion that really isn't their concern, so I just said I would let them know when and if my name changes.
The important part about insurance is that I am covered and I have all of the required information for the policy.
I find the front desk staff to be nice most of the time, but I will put up with the few bad apples because I get amazing care from my dentist.
I will admit that my dentist is popular and she books in advance, BUT I have been seeing her for just under 30 years now - since I was a baby - and I will continue to see her until she moves or retires, in which case I will either move with her or I will cry.

Dentist: Service is very mediocre, you feel as though there is an assembly line and you are just a product that needs to get to the other end.
The staff are not pleasant, again pretty much In a rush to get you out the door and the insurance to pay.
If you need an appointment you'll have to wait for months ... Really ridiculous all around.
Orthodontist: One of my kids needed orthodontic work (my third kid treated here) yet their prices are higher than most the other clinics, the orthodontist actually said to me they price their cost with benevolence as if to imply they are doing you a favor to get paid over $6k for a total of leas than 10 hours of work   I'm glad we changed dentists and orthodontists, we put up with them for far too long; I recommend you seek other options if you can.

