New location, same poor, inexperienced staff.
I've been to four other Brew and Grow locations/shops and the Madison store is awful to say the least.
I have been hoping that the Brew and Grow in Madison would give home brewers, distillers and gardeners another place to shop and learn the various traits.
It's not happening at Brew and Grow - Madison anytime soon.
I've been home brewing beer, wine and growing grains, herbs, hops and such for over 20 years.
Now I'm far from an authority in these areas even with my experience, however I sure can spot a "wanker" when I'm speaking to one.
On several occasions I've actually had an "employee" B.S.
me because they have no clue what they are talking about.
Heck, if you don't know the correct answer to a question, ask someone who may or take their name and number and get back to them.
That's far more respectful than lying.
The staff at the Madison Brew and Grow need some real education regarding what they represent and who they are servicing.
If you're remotely curious about visiting the Willy Street location, do your homework first, take a few extra bucks than usual (a bit over priced on many products), keep an eye out for past due expiration dates on items and be very careful.
My hope for you is you'll walk out and go someplace else to get your supplies and advise.
Cheers!!

Brew & Grow personnel are total hypocrates.
They sell all kinds of products for growing pot but don't mention pot or you will get kicked out with all their disdain.
Don't even mention "Arugula" which I guess is code for pot now.
The employess are Illinois corporate servants.
All male and all sexist pigs.
The new store is so boring.
Small and totally devoid of any personality.
Leave it to the flatlanders to screw up a potentially great space.
They are not very smart or creative.
Go to Wine and Hop Shop and Paradigm for much better products and service.
These guys have no idea what they are talking about.
Trust me.
Amy.

Fair prices, experienced and friendly staff.
A lovely location that has some parking.
I'm really happy it's here.
Guy that helped us was able to explain what went wrong with a cider we were brewing.
I'm going there now to buy some yeast for a stuck fermentation.
Looked up the hours and saw how badly they were reviewed on Yelp and though, aw, I got a minute to say something nice.

I was excited about this shop opening for months because it is walking distance from my house.
However, since its opening, I have gained a new found appreciation for the WIne and Hop Shop.
I mostly don't like that I can't pick out my own yeast and hops; they're all behind the counter.
I also don't particularly enjoy the personnel, who strike me as being a bit smarmy.

I found the staff to be engaging and friendly, unlike some of the other reviewers.
They periodically asked if I needed help or had any questions, and were more than happy to give me advice about growing starters.
They also carry Seed Savers heirloom seeds!
If you are looking for potting soil they probably won't have it but they've got a pretty great selection of all the stuff you would need to do homebrewing (including wheats and malts by the pound in the bulk section).
They also have cheesemaking kits and mushroom growing kits.
The inside of the store does look a little industrial warehouse-y so that might be a little off-putting.

