When people say "quesadilla", too often it means a flour tortilla rolled around some inert cheese, and heated till drippingly sad.
But here, a "quesadilla" is a big, crisp, bursting, flavor bomb - - a crunchy flavor delight.
The rich-corn-flavored tacos, too, are sumptious (great meats).
I took one of each to an early afternoon meeting last Friday, and if we could have harnessed the salivation at the surrounding tables, we could have solved the energy crisis using hydroelectric.
This is a hidden gem  (just TRY to find it).
The flavors are bursting, the prices are wonderful,  and the staff are wholly accepting of people who might not be native, while still cranking out glorious things at fabulous prices that  local mex-chains (read: Pedros?!?
) could never even conceive of.

Worth finding.
Sure it's in the back of a poorly lit grocery store, but it's clean, inexpensive, fresh, and delicious.
Grab a Coke from the fridge (the stuff w/ real sugar not corn syrup) or order a horchata.
If you're a big eater, try one of the enormous tortas.
It's a hot sandwich with your choice of breaded chicken, pork, or beef, topped with fresh tomatoes, avacados, lettuce, cheese, and mayo.
Half of one and I'm stuffed.
The little gorditas with chicharones are another favorite.
A small tortilla, stuffed with spicy, crispy pork belly, deep fried, then stuffed with fresh cilantro, onion, and a little cheese.
Or if you're adventurous, try something off of the menu in Spanish.
They're happy to translate if you don't know what the items are.
Definitely one of my local faves and you can visit all you want without breaking the bank.

Finally!
A place with *real* Mexican food!
I had a trio of tacos (chorizo, al pastor, and steak) while my wife had a steak quesadilla and chicken tostada.
The tacos were incredible and authentic with fantastic meats, but the star was the quesadilla.
Fried, stuffed with queso blanco, and just delicious.
At any price this stuff was great, but considering how inexpensive it was I don't know if I'll ever go to another Mexican joint in town.

Amazing tacos-- most authentic in Madison.
The steak taco is so good-- the quality of the meat is outstanding.
My husband loved his crispy, fried chicken quesadilla.
We were the only customers speaking English in the place, but everyone was friendly and helpful.
Prices are really reasonable.
If you don't have enough cash, the store in front of the restaurant takes debit and credit!
Enjoy!

Once you walk through the doors you're transported to authentic Mexico.
In fact, this may be one of the most authentic restaurants in Madison.
The breaded chicken torta blew my mind.
Really, really good.
Its $8 and it can easily feed two people (I like to eat and I didn't dare finish it).
I haven't tried the tacos or the rest of the menu but the cooks look like the real deal.
The grocery store has a surprisingly huge array of meats in its deli.
They looked fresh and the prices were cheap.
I'm excited about this place.
You will be too.
Check it out.
I'll be back soon.

Both locations of Los Gemelos are great, the one on Odana is a lot more authentic in atmosphere, but they share the strength of great food.
This is the type of place to go if you want no frills Mexican food at a low price.
If you're looking for an American-style restaurant and more streamlined food this is not the spot.
I personally love the more authentic venues like Los Gemelos because the food tastes amazing, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere feels as if you are in Mexico.
I really like the gorditas, tortas, and tacos, but honestly anything on the menu is pretty good.
The downtown location has ridiculously good chimichangas and the staff seemed slightly more attentive but that could have just been on the particular days I went in.
The Odana Rd location has a unique grocery store and usually futbol on TV, so that in my opinion is enough to recommend it first if you're deciding between the two.
I'd say they are pretty much on par with Taqueria Guadalajara, but that restaurant still gets my vote for #1 Mexican restaurant in Madison.
Regardless, Gemelos is great and absolutely worth a visit.

Hidden in a small shopping center on Odana road - I thought it was just a grocery store.
Little did I know, hidden more into the back is a restaurant!
And, oh boy, is it worth it take a peek in there!
My sister introduced me to this place after being told it was one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants in Madison.
You know it's authentic when you're the only English-speaking customer in there.
O-M-G and talk about the price is right.
Our order came to around 18 bucks (with drinks!
) and we really could have cut back on a few less tacos - probably making a regular meal here around 7 bucks each; still leaving you full and satisfied!
Who can beat that?
Their chile rellenos are my favorite - YUM!
But they are only served on the weekends.
Mmm...I would like to go there right about now.
Oh, and service is always so great!
Enjoy - and thank you Tienda Los Gemelos for being there for me when my tummy needs you most!

I was first introduced to the concept of an awesome taqueria hidden behind a tienda in Portland, OR.
There was a place in North Portland (Tienda Santa Cruz) that was a bakery, market and, in back, they cranked out gorgeous, inexpensive and unquestionably authentic stuff.
S.U.
and I were on an Sunday shopping trip deep into the soul-sucking vastness of West Odana malldom, it was lunchtime and I remembered hearing about the 'other' Gemelos.
It turned out to be right next to the unmentionable dark place we were heading so ..let's eat.
As advertised, we walked into a Mexican Tienda.
It has a meat counter with fresh and prepared  beef and pork (al pastor by the pound for example), all the basics from housewares to spices and in the back a medium size restaurant.
Booths and  tables.
Sunday specials.
We were the only obviously not-Latinos in the place.
It was lunch so we didn't have much more than tacos and sopes.
They came out fast, hot and delicious.
They have Sunday specials and I tried to order barbacoa (lamb) but they were out.
They also don't serve beer (sad face).
I guess that's OK but, as we're told here in Wisconsin, in heaven they don't serve beer.

Having eaten (late night) at Los Gemelos on Gilman more times than I'd care to admit, I was really looking forward to coming out here.
This location - not the easiest place to find - is tucked away in a strip mall off Odana Road, in the back of a little grocery store.
I didn't have much time to look around, but they had a meat counter with fresh and prepared goods as well as a decent selection of some other essentials.
Anyway, on to the food.
On my first visit, I was pretty sure that I had the best steak taco in Madison.
Since I was only pretty sure, I went back.
It was definitely the best steak taco in Madison and the pastor taco ranks a close second.
The prices are super reasonable, as any taqueria should be.
I noticed that they have some Sunday specials and I'm super pumped to go back and try those.

Get ready to chomp on some fabulous tacos my friends.
We got the steak tacos, after reading some Yelp reviews, and boy they were fab!
Steak is sizzlin' good and super simple.
Tortilla, steak, cilantro, onion, finito.
I also ordered a side of beans and rice, which were substantial and simply delicious as well.
Just a sprinkle of queso freso and that's all ya need!
I'd give it 5 stars, but service is kind of horrendous.
Be persistent and patient because your $2 taco is worth it.
Trust me!
P.S.
bring your own cholula bottle b/c they only have hot sauce that's stellar hot for my taste.
Also, they're working on getting their liquor license, so I can't wait to get back there when I can sip on a Corona :)

This is indeed a hidden gem.
I don't really care for the grocery store, but crawling all the way through to the back, you'll find a quiet and small restaurant.
And boy can this small restaurant serve the most amazing and authentic Mexican dishes ever!
And cheap, might I add!
My first time at this place, I ordered 5 things on the menu, came out stuffed, and yearning to go back again.
Whatever cheese they use must be fairy dust.
Whatever taco shells and starch wrappings they use must be magical runes.
Do not let the looks of Tienda Los Gemelos deceive you.
Because if you do, you will surely miss out on the magic carpet ride.

5 star update!
This is, so far, my favorite place for tacos in Madison.
If you're looking for tasty, authentic Mexican eats this is the place to get it.
I went back a few times for lunch recently and left super satisfied.
Here's how it goes: 1) walk in, head straight back and grab a beverage from the cooler.
Mexican coke, anyone?
2) take a seat, any seat.
And wait (sometimes a while)  3) place your order.
3 tacos: campechano*,  al pastor and steak 4) eat 5) pay.
6 bucks.
That's some cheap eats, friends.
I recommend eating in so you can try their amazing sauces in your tacos.
Everything comes out fast, hot and fresh.
Everything I've had here has been incredibly tasty Service isn't the best, but the food is so tasty that I don't care.
When you're done eating, check out the store.
You'll find some housewares, spices, groceries and even some of the meat you just consumed.
Pastor meat, get it.
I still need to get out there on the weekend to try their specials.
Barbacoa, pozole, carnitas and chiles rellenos are a few that come to mind.
*the BEST taco in Madison.
Chorizo and some crispy steak bits.
Do yourself a favor and get this.

Definitely not one of my favorite restaurants.
The chips were boring, the taste of the Chile Relano was nothing special.
The service was OK and the prices were a bit high for what quality was received.

restaurant portion is tucked back beyond the store.
Seating is a lot more ample than I read elsewhere in a review.
Soda you do get from the cooler and may not be ice cold.
We waited to order from a waitress, and waited a short time.
The wait for the bill was horrid!
I don't think I have waited this long ever.
I went up to pay versus take more from my day, they seemed startled that we were ready to go.
The wait for food was not terrible long.
Food was good, but greasy; if that's what you like, then go for it.
Cheese enchiladas were not filled too much, so lots of extra tortilla.
Place filled up with other diners around 2pm, I could tell they had been there before.
Not many options on the menu, but sometimes that is better!

Real, fresh authentic Mexican food.
And reasonably priced.

Mexican street food at its best (makes you wonder why anyone would eat at Taco Bell, Laredo's, or any of those horrid other places where everything is slathered in grease and cheese...)  Just like many good Chinese restaurants are full of Chinese people and has servers that may or may not speak English, this place is the same way (just with Mexicans speaking Spanish).
This place has put me on a mission to try the other "real" Mexican places around town.
As others have noted, couple of oddities:  (1) Get your drink from the cooler on the way back (though one time the waitress told us about a special drink they had that day that was not on the menu-- I forget what it was, but it was good!
) (2) You can (now) pay with credit card at the restaurant (you used to have to go to the front counter) but you can't put a tip on the credit card (so, tips are cash only!
) (3) Last couple of times I was there I'm not even sure they bring you your bill to the table-- so, when you're done, just go up and pay.
One of my kids is a picky eater (to put it kindly) and they have "chicken nuggets" with fries that fits the bill for him (the nuggets were horrendous when I tried one, but my kid likes them, and also likes picking his drink out of the cooler....)  Both kids like the goofy Mexican sitcoms that are often playing (in Spanish) on the TVs.

Very authentic, delicious, great prices.

Note that, as per other reviews, this is hidden in the back of a grocery store.
Very good tacos, with a very good price.
Service can be a little slow, and ambience can be lacking, but you're not going to get 3 tacos of this quality for 6 bucks anywhere nearby.
Also, they have solid Horchata so don't miss out on that!

Delicious food and great service!
If you have a taste for tacos you should totally stop here first!

Serving up serious Mexican biomass  Needing to burn a couple of hours while my daughter attended a birthday party at Ultrazone, I decided this was the perfect opportunity to partake in the grocery store slash taqueria that is Tienda Los Gemelos.
Hats off the the previous reviewers that confirmed that there actually is a restaurant in the back of the grocery store.
That fact is not readily apparent when you first walk through the front door.
Despite a modest looking storefront, the dining area is rather substantial.
With its dark walls, black ceiling and scant natural light, the interior of the restaurant could easily double as a set from the move From Dusk to Dawn.
And while I was disappointed there were no Santánico Pandemónium sightings during my visit, the steak tacos did live up to their star billing.
Once I got settled in my booth, the server dropped off a small basket of chips, a small bowl of guacamole and two bottles of salsa.
The chips were remarkably average, crisp but under seasoned.
The quac was more of an avocado puree, a disappointment to this chunky quac enthusiast.
The red salsa was liquid fire - I tried it twice and both times it numbed my mouth for five minutes.
I like hot, but I prefer being able to taste my meal.
The salsa verde was my favorite of the three condiments.
Though a little too watery, it was freshly made and it was a great addition to the rest of my meal.
About five minutes after I was seated, I received my dinner entrees.
The $2 steak taco was as good as advertised.
The steak was crispy and well seasoned and  the corn tortillas were off the press fresh.
Topped with finely diced onions and cilantro, this was quintessential Mexican fare.
The other two entrees were good, but did not reach the exalted heights of the steak taco.
The pork in the $2.50 pastor gordita was under seasoned.
It needed a healthy dose of the salsa verde and fresh lime juice to bring out the flavors.
The masa harina shell of the gordita was seriously good.
The $3 cheese quesadilla at Tienda Los Gemelos was a vast improvement over what you normally find at most Americanized Mexican eateries.
Rather than your standard thin layer of shredded jack cheese (or mozzarella - horrors!
) pressed between a pair of corn tortillas, this baby featured a crispy masa harina pocket crammed full of melted Oaxaca cheese.
Like the gordita, this dish benefited from a healthy dose of the salsa verde.
Just a head's up that your server will not leave the check at your table once you finish your meal.
You''ll need to go to the cashier and they will retrieve your bill.
I left Tienda Los Gemelos with a smile, a full stomach and a relatively full wallet, since my Mexican feast only set me back $7.50.
Good times, good times indeed.

I love tacos, and I'm definitely coming back here for more.
$2 a taco + no wait to sit down + pick your own drink from the grocery fridge + Mexican television in the background = pleasant afternoon.
If you're going for tacos, I'd stick to the carne asada and al pastor.
The chicken, even though covered with delicious cojita cheese, wasn't very flavorful.
Even though there's plenty of room in the restaurant area and it's cool since you walk through the grocery store to get there, the atmosphere lacks a little - so you may not want to plan a romantic date at this Mexican grocery/restaurant.
In that case, I'd recommend grabbing some cojita cheese and marinated beef from the deli to make those romantic tacos at home.
Speaking of the grocery, it has some great items you won't normally find at other places, like Inka kola and tamarind soda.
It seems a bit hit or miss though, but fun to look around.
Nice selection of spices and candy.

Really enjoyed their tacos, but one order they forgot to add cheese to the gorditas and forgot my chips on one of my to-go orders.
Definitely recommend the place though.

I've been to la tienda y la taqueria a few times now.
The tacos are a must, along with the Mexican cokes and futbol jerseys.
On my most recent visit, I was surprised to see they've expanded the dining room and added a bar.
Unfortunately it was a work lunch, my name isn't Corey and I don't work for Yelp, so trying the micheladas isn't part of my job.
Bummer.
However, the torta milanesa was nonetheless intoxicating, beyond its bigger-than-my-face size and onto its tender, breaded and seasoned chicken, fresh avocados and tomatoes and lightly toasted roll.
Perfect food-coma lunch.
Probably a good thing I couldn't have that michelada after all.
Go at a time you can get both.

You really can't go wrong with anything you order here.
From tacos to tortas, everything is excellent.
They are very consistent in taste and quality, and as a result, I highly recommend Los Gemelos to anyone looking to quell their appetite for Mexican cuisine!

Having grown up in Texas and then lived my adult life in California, I was skeptical about finding good Mexican food in Wisconsin.
I tried this little gem out today and was blown away!
Not only is it adorably quaint inside, but our server couldn't have been sweeter.
She made guacamole for me on the spot, even though they don't typically even serve it on the menu.
The tacos were amazing and everything was so fresh.
They will definitely be seeing me on a weekly basis!

When I moved to Madison I was disappointed at the lack of real Mexican food, until I found Gemelos.
The restaurant is great, and so is the tienda.
I highly recommend the quesadillas compechano, the sopes, gorditas, or the pozole!

