We've purchased one new car from here, and have had a few serviced by Don Miller.
As far as pricing and professionalism of the sales staff, Don Miller gets our vote, and the sale.
We've had mediocre results with service, as you'll find in many dealerships.
After one not-so-great experience a couple years ago, we've had much improved service since.

Absolutely amazing experience.
After 3 horrible car dealer experiences, I pulled into Don Miller with low expectations.
Instead I was met by a friendly sales person, Michael Bongard.
I do not know much about buying a car but Michael was there for me.
He did not apply pressure and in fact, I felt like I was car shopping with a friend.
He was honest and open and discussed my options with me.
I have never had such a great experience.
He even offered us beverages.
One dealership wanted to charge us for bevereages.
This was such a wonderful experience.
I would go back to Don Miller again and again.

I have to sit down and discuss pricing before I test drive a car?
Oh wait, no I don't.
Because I've taken my business to a dealer that DOESN'T suck.

Bought a new car, at 6000 miles tie rod is loose--they tighten and wont replace it, 11,000, loose again, they agree to replace, 30,000 miles, same problem same part--not a flawed part of course.
Go to another mechanic, confirm it is faulty part and they see a lot of them.
Dodge service manger wants 100 bucks to come in to see the problem...won't bother to look up its the third time...good bye Don Miller!

We have bought Chrysler products from two dealers in Madison.
The first was Russ Darrow.
They do some things that make buying a new car a greasy experience.
Salesman is very nice but can't do anything except talk about car and offer a test drive.
Then they hand you off to the numbers guy.
Good luck buying a car without pinstripes or rustproofing, which they apply to EVERY car.
My son and I bought a car at Don Miller last week.
A much more pleasant experience.
The salesman handled all negotiations.
The car had no tacky add ons.
The finance person knew we were leasing and didn't pressure us into warranties, she did tell us about maintenance packages which we accepted, but there was no pressure.
Even better they didn't campaign for a high rating on the inevitable Chrysler dealer service survey.
If we buy another Chrysler product it will be from this dealership.

