I am not a flower person.
I showed up at Daffodil Parker with no concept of what I wanted at my wedding (except absolutely no Gerbera daisies).
Erin at Daffodil Parker was a breath of fresh air - she was enthusiastic and had so many ideas about our floral displays!
I aboslutely loved letting her flex her creative muscles.
She was flexible and let us use our own vases for the centerpieces and she even showed up before the ceremony to pin on boutenierres and put on corsages.
And last but not least - my flowers were BEAUTIFUL!
I loved the service I got from Daffodil Parker - I didn't have to worry about a thing!
I would recommend them to anyone looking for a florist.
Thanks again, Erin!!

Fabulous, talented, resourceful, gracious, and creative daffodil*parker.
They will make anyone's day 100% great.
Ask them for something gorgeously off-beat and watch them blow your mind.
w0w!
So fun.

Holy roses!
Stuh-ning.

If I could rate them higher than a 5 I absolutely would.
I planned my wedding from out of town, which turned out to be more difficult than I thought but Erin took away so much of the stress.
From the very beginning she was sweet, friendly, helpful and really understood exactly the aesthetic we wanted to achieve.
Erin was conscientious about our budget, flexible, open to our ideas and ready with ideas of her own when we needed extra input.
When the day of our wedding came it was breath taking to see how she had turned our dream into a reality.
Absolutely everything was so incredibly beautiful and perfect it felt like it jumped right out of my imagination.
With Erin's help our wedding day was the best day of ours lives and we will remember how beautiful it was for the rest of our lives, thank you Erin, from the bottom of our hearts!

I ordered a bouquet for my 95 year old grandmother for Mother's Day.
She thanked me for my thoughtfulness--that was my first clue.
When I asked her how she liked them she described them as very unusual and couldn't identify a single flower by the type.
In addition there were branches and dried leaves.

