I've used them a couple times both for air duct cleaning and dryer vent cleaning.
They are a wonderful father and son team.
A lot of companies will quote you cheaper but BEWARE....there will be hidden costs they'll slap you with after the fact.
Arizona Air Duct is not like that......what they quote is what it is.

The renters in my rental home complained of the dryer needing 2 cycles to dry their clothes.
I called out Arizona Air Duct to clean the vent.
Well, $75 later the issue is not fixed.
I had another company come out.
They pulled out a section of the vent to show me- there's maybe half the piping still coated in lint.
(I wish i could post pictures here...) They refused to refund my money, so I'll be filing a small claims suit.
AVOID these scammers.
I'm not sure what 'work' they even did!

I had them out to clean the ducts, exhaust fans, and dryer vent in my 54 year-old home yesterday.
They showed up a bit early and took their time to ensure that all the grunge was gone.
I must say...they really earned their paycheck with this place!
The father and son duo worked together to remove and clean the register covers, ream out the ducts and vents with a big furry brush/vacuum unit, and vacuum up the mess.
They stated that I had the dirtiest ducts they had encountered in 15 years, and took over two hours to tidy them up, finding nails, copper pipe and assorted detritus and emptying the vacuum bag three times in the process.
They were here over 2 1/2 hours, yet charged the fee they had quoted me on the phone, as promised.
It was not the cheapest price I have seen, but it  seemed fair to me.
Interestingly, I had this service performed several years ago, by a cheaper company.
Based on the amount of dirt and junk that was removed yesterday, I now have my doubts that the previous company really performed the work.
Yes, I checked  this time!
The owner, John, told me that there is another company working under the same name, so make sure that you are getting the Arizona Air Duct Cleaning Company, father and son team, that is being reviewed here.
Not all these companies  are honest and do what they claim to!

I called a few places to get my dryer vent cleaned as it was making our dryer not work (running 2 to 3 times per load to dry).
I had one company tell me $155 for single level, $185 for two story because they have to go in the attic...I called these guys and he said $75...when I asked about the two story thing (our home is 2 stories) he said "why would that matter" and I told him what the other guy told me.
He said that's ridiculous because only 1 in every couple hundred homes built will have the dryer vent go all the way up through the attic and it was just a ploy to get more money.
Even their single level price was a lot more and this guy seemed honest so I had them come out.
The father and son showed up, cleaned out the vent, cleaned up the mess and I tested my dryer before paying them to assure it worked (I heard of many scams with vent cleaning)....and everything works great now.
They did an excellent job and it was $75 even.
I would highly recommend these guys...they are honest and do the job right!

