This place used to be a Sushi bar.
The old place was very limited in space, the bar area took up a lot of the place with only few seating arrangements and not a place for a a small group of people to go.
The redesigned Thai place did an excellent job of optimizing the limited space.
There's even large tables in the back that can fit a group of five or more.
Also did an outstanding job of decorating as well.
Very authentic feel to the place.
Chicken Pad Thai A nice sized portion, very worth the price.
Had a nice spicy taste to it but they didnt include a wedge of lemon or lime to accommodate.
A few things i didnt really like such as the noodles being over cooked and too soft, the chicken had a boiled taste and didnt integrate with the rest of the dish, obviously choice of meats were precooked and thrown into the dish to warm up.
The tofu had the same case as the chicken.
Chicken Red Curry Again a very nice sized portion for the price.
The curry had a very nice coconut milk taste with a nicely spiced curry  flavor backing it up.
The chicken was the same as the Pad Thai, thrown in and wasnt given enough time to integrate with the rest of the dish giving it a bland taste.
The bamboo shoots could have been slices of bamboo instead of slivers, would have improved the taste and texture.
Overall a huge improvement from the Japanese place they replaced.
I'll be coming back to try out the menu some more.

My wife and I are big fans of Thai food.
We were excited to find out that a new Thai restaurant had opened in our neighborhood.
Our expectations were not very high, but this place has surpassed them.
We have eaten there at least a dozen times in the past couple of months, and everything we've ordered has been wonderful, including Thai BBQ chicken, Benjarong pad thai, beef penang curry, Indonesian fried rice and more.
Benjarong is a family run restaurant, and the staff is utterly charming.
This little gem of a restaurant is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and we wish the owners much success.

Very nice place to eat.
Service was prompt and attentive.
Very clean in apperence though I did see a board of health violation notice posted on the wall.
It looked as if they had some sorta minor labeling problem so not a big deal.
I ordered the Chicken Pineapple Curry.
I was quite suprised to have it come in a pineapple, how cool!
It was very tasty.
A mixture of chicken, peas, red and green bell peppers and onion in red curry coconut milk.
It was all cooked to perfection.
A side of steamed jasmine rice was served on the side.
Priced at just under 8 bucks with a soda I got a full stomach of great food for less than 20 dollars.
I highly recommend giving it a try.

i agree the location is very nice and clean.
i haven't been to the previous sushi bar, but from the outside the restaurant looks very small.
when we actually went inside it seemed larger.
the servers were very nice and the food was ok. we tried the dinner menu as take-out one night and then lunch another night.
the take-out was much tastier than the lunch dine-in for some reason.
overall, not bad to try out.
i personally like pin kaow better and their prices are about the same.

This place is sooooooo delish!!!
I've tried almost all the other thai restaurants around town, but this place has got to be the best tasting out there.
We ordered the chicken pad thai, fried tofu for appetizers, and the tom yum koong soup (did i spell that right??).
The soup here is the best I've ever had at a thai restaurant!
More sour than spicy, just the way I like it!

This place is great!
We eat here pretty often.
Staff is very friendly and courteous.
Try the beef brown fried rice...my favorite dish..

Good food, good service and have never been disappointed.
Everyone is always friendly and I love their pad se ew (spelling?
) and brown rice fried rice (it makes me be fat while thinking I'm healthy).
The inside is to the point with about 10 tables and everything I've had has been either amazing or pretty good.
The only tiny tiny tiny complaint is there panang curry tends to be on the runny side, which could be good depending on how you like it.
It's just that every time I tell them to thicken it up it just seems very thin but that is a very very minor preference that takes nothing away from the overall quality.

Let me start off with: The music at this place is jamming!
Old school music like Beegees and Richard Marx.
BUT all in instrumental.
Soothing, made me want to eat more.
Anyways....  Benjarong is a nice small and quiet neighborhood restaurant.
The staff there were all really friendly and made sure that we had everything we needed.
The menu offered several choices.
We ended up choosing Crab Rangoons (I know, I should have went more THAI), green pork curry with extra eggplant, and chicken pad thai.
The crab rangoons were alright.
I guess I should expect that since it is a thai restaurant.
Too much cream cheese, not enough crab.. And the cream cheese was still a bit firm.
The food came out pretty damn fast.. LIke lightning fast.
I was like DAMN that's fast.
Really, that's what I said in my head as I saw the food arriving.
The green curry was my favorite part.
It had a nice kick but I wish the eggplant was cut bigger.
It was thinly sliced so it was hard to really taste the flavor of the eggplant (which is my favorite part of green curry).
But nonetheless, the sauce was delicious with white rice which comes with your order.
The pad thai was sweet.
If you need a little kick, make sure to ask for the spice tray as there is none on the table.
I liked the sweetness of it.
A little bit different that most other pad thai that I had.
The sauce was thicker than what I am use to but it was good.
Overall, a nice place with nice people and nice food.

I think Thai food is quickly becoming my favorite ethnic cuisine, as every time I see a Thai restaurant I always look forward to dining there.
I've driven past Benjarong dozens of times, and only finally decided to try it out after a recommendation from a friend of mine who had a positive experience there.
At the time of this review, I have dined there twice, once for take-out and once for lunch.
First off, I'd like to say that the service is on par with many other Thai joints, friendly and attentive.
I think it'll be hard to find bad service at any given Thai restaurant because I've noticed that Thai people are very friendly in general.
The food however, was slightly disappointing.
Not that it was bad, it just didn't live up to my expectations.
Food was average and the service was actually above average.
I came here during lunch time and opted for a lunch special.
I had the Spicy & Sweet Basil Beef.
The portions were decent and the food was presented quite pleasantly.
In the end I was satisfied with my dining experience, but nothing more.
But I must admit if I lived within a mile of this place this would be a local go-to Thai spot.
Despite my review, this friendly neighborhood restaurant is worth checking out at least once.

We ordered take out... they screwed up both dishes and we didn't find out til we got home and I wasn't driving back.
Wifey got tofu instead of chicken and I got chicken instead of beef in our respective dishes.
The food was decent and we might try it again but as for now we're disappointed.

It's just okay.
I really like Thai and other ethnic cuisines, and often go out to eat Thai...having said that I found Benjarong somewhat disappointing.
The atmosphere is okay--I like the nice tables and chairs, but it just feels out of place in an otherwise small, cramped and plain place.
The food...seasonings were right on the money--one star given for this--very important in a Thai place!
Tom Kha Khai soup was a bit too vinegar-y, but good nevertheless.
The green curry chicken/tofu place was underwhelming with chicken having a bad taste and not tasting fresh in any way.
Tofu was okay, but also not fresh tasting.
The waiter was friendly, however, messed up the order and we wound up paying more than needed.
Curry flavor was fine.
Service was quick.
With such a plethora of above average to great Thai places in Las Vegas, I won't be returning to Benjarong.
Even though it is close to my house...disappointing...

This was our third time going to Benjarong.
Overall this time was the best Thai meal we've had in a while.
We usually order Tom Yum Koong,Chicken Pad Thai, and Beef Salad for dinner.
We saw that they had a combo meal that had five items, Tom Yum Koong, Spring Rolls,Spicy Ground Chicken, Thai beef salad, and we asked if we could try the crispy pad thai instead of the regular pad thai rice noodle.
Jasmine Rice was also included.
All this for $40, the meal was of course more than enough for four people.
The Crispy Pad Thai is my new favorite dish.
All the dishes were very yummy!
We didn't get to finish our meal but I took home the leftovers not wanting to waste anything.
Compared to the other Thai restaurants I've tried in the southwest area(e.g.
Archies, Panna, Pin Kaow) This restaurant has become my favorite for Thai food.
I like their authentic thai flavors, good service, and portion for the price.
They also deliver.

Meal - Thai ice tea was good; red curry was what I expected; seafood fried rice was amazing, pineapple curry was bomb.
Presentation was great.
Service - Waitstaff was attentive, filled the drinks and moved stuff out of the way before they brought the dishes.
Ambiance - was just ok; didn't cast any mood over the meal.
Music was strange, whatever...   Bottom line - As good or better than any other thai I've had in town.
Decent spot we'll return fasho.

I loved this place the first time I went.
The second time it sucked.
My steak was fatty and cold.
My son ordered the lunch special and did not like anything but the Satay.
The waitstaff was efficient to the point of being annoying.
I would never go back.

The lunch specials are extremely reasonable.
$6-7 for soup or salad, entree, steamed rice or fried rice, spring roll, and wonton.
You can add chicken satay (2 pieces) for $10 total with all of the above.
We ordered the Chicken Yellow Curry and the Ground Chicken Pad Prik Pow.
Both were really good.
The Yellow Curry was well spiced but I found the food to be just a little bit salty.
Nevertheless, the food and service was excellent.
It's small, intimate and should be a must for anyone who lives in the Rhodes Ranch/Mountains Edge area.
And they deliver!

This was my first time here at Benjarong.
I've been meaning to try this place for some time now & finally decided to stop by tonight.
I was kind of expecting a "to-go" kind of restaurant, but this is more of a sit-down place, but you can order to go- so I did.
Location - good!
Near my house.
Located in southwest, near Rhodes ranch.
Service - ok. No one greeted me when I first came in but at least I got a thank you when I left.
Food- since I was only ordering for myself, I only got one dish - their Pad Thai  w/ shrimp.
I ordered 2 on the spiciness level (I like spicy, but I heard Thai spiciness can be insane!
) Overall, it was good & tasty.
I would come back to this place, but maybe for lunch next time since price is more reasonable and you can get a combo order.

Tried this place out for the first time last night.
The food was good and I will definitely come back.
I enjoyed the pineapple curry that was served in a hollowed out pineapple.
There is nothing special about the atmosphere and the muzak was an odd touch so probably best for take out.

I was very pleased to discover Benjarong so close to my home.
I've never dined at the restaurant but I have ordered take out and sampled a number of menu items.
I ordered satay chicken sticks and a sort of ground pork and vegetable rice dish, both of which were beyond sensational.
The chicken was deliciously marinaded and seasoned and I loved their satay sauce and the rice dish stood on its own as a main meal - I'd gladly order it to eat for lunch or dinner anytime at all.
I also got a pork noodle soup which I was less crazy about, but this was probably because I tried to keep it for later (the following day) and by this time the noodles had begun to disintegrate into the soup, making things a bit gooey and nondescript.
The staff here were also really welcoming and friendly.
They asked me "Where in England I was from" to which I replied my standard "The Australian part" (everyone in the USA seems to think I'm from England for some reason) and we had a bit of a laugh about this and we swapped anecdotes about friends and family who had been to Australia and about Thai food in Australia.
It was all very jovial and pleasant.
I look forward to making this place one of my regular check-ins for Thai food.

Wow, I've had bad Thai before but this place out did them all.
I ordered Chicken Larb (5*) and Chicken Masuman Curry (7*) for take out.
First the Curry;  The taste, ugh.
I don't know what was wrong but it was horrible.
Seemed like there was to much fish sauce or something.
It was to tangy and not the least bit sweet.
And then there was the Potatoes.
Very large pieces and not one of them was cooked all the way through.
I had asked for this to be very spicy (7*)  It was very mild.
I could barely feel any heat.
Second the Larb;  The flavor was OK.  Not to bad, but not the worst I've had.
The texture though....Very, very gritty.
Like there was dried spices thrown in at the end.
It just ruined it for it.
I also asked this to be some what spicy (5*) and they came pretty close to that.
The thing was, it was WAY more spicy than the Curry.
Needless to say I don't think I'll be going back here again.
It's a shame, they are just down the street.

I had the pleasure of dining here with a friend who is Thai and she was not so impressed.
Many dishes were prepared on the sweet side to appeal to "American tastes" she said.
Useless trivia: the name of the restaurant refers to special, golden dishes or bowls that symbolize women having power.

As is the case with most Thai restaurants I have had in Vegas this place tends to vary their food based on who orders it.
For example...my roommate is Korean.
If he orders the red curry level 6 it is the perfect heat for me.
If I order a level 10 (I once requested a level 12) I won't even break a sweat.
The menu is very hit or miss.
The crab rangoon is exactly the way I like it with super delicate and thin wonton wrapping with the sweet dipping sauce as opposed to the savory soy/ sesame sauce.
The flavor of the red curry is quite good, but as previously mentioned does not ever have enough heat.
It does however have more of the meat (I prefer pork) than other places I have visited.
The yellow curry on the other hand has an off taste to it.
I have had this twice (with chicken) both times it was even more mildly prepared than the red but with an over the top sweet, sour, and earthy taste which is probably coming from too much lemon grass.
The thai shrimp salad is very good as a salad but don't plan on getting a mouth full of shrimp.
They use the tiniest little salad shrimp I have ever seen, and I would not recommend this as an entree, although it is a very generous portion for a salad.
Also this tends to be spicier at each level than the curries due to the lack of the coconut milk.
A level 7 shrimp salad is hotter than a level 10 curry when I order it.
The dinner portion easily feeds me for two meals, and therefore I always order the dinner portion even at lunch because the dinner portion is twice the size but only $2 more.
The lunch special is part of the standard thai luch plate here which includes a single spring roll and a small portion of salad.
Neither of which I am typically interested in.
The dinner portion curry with a meat is $10, the thai shirmp salad is $8, and the crab rangoons are $6.
The service is polite, but not stellar, often forgetting to refill my water, and sometime forgetting to bring it all together.
It is a very small place probably 10 tables total.
One redeeming factor though is the variety of the menu.
There are a number of items on the menu which I have yet to try, but inevitably will because even though It's only getting 3 stars, It is by far the closest Thai food to my house in Rhodes Ranch.
There are numerous specialty fish entrees and sharable hot pots, so I will make updates to this as I try out more of the menu.

I've only had lunch here, and they have very good lunch specials starting at $6.25 that includes soup, salad, spring roll, and an entree.
The lunch special I had recently, was not quite as generous a portion as I had in recent months, and the soup of the day has never changed (at least during the lunch hour), but the flavor is always well balanced from the beef chow mein to the salad dressing.
Service is usually top notch.

OK...I'm not going to take away a star yet, because things happen...I understand.
I spent 4 years in service.
But...one thing should NEVER happen.
I should never find a dime size shard of GLASS in my curry.
You are officially put on notice Benjarong.
One more screw up and I'm gonna drive the extra 2 miles to the next place.

Pineapple Shrimp Curry served in an actual Pineapple- too cute!!!!
Loved the presentation and the tangy pineapple taste as well.
I thought a good amount of shrmp was given too.... Crab Pad See Ew was good but nothing too special.They use real crab but didn't cook together with the noodles instead it was just sprinkled on top of the finished product.
Weird.... BF always has to get Tom Yum Soup- I'm not a fan cause I just think "Stinky Soup" anyways I did taste  it and I have tasted better!!!!
Eggrolls- Pretty good... All in all I'm glad we tried this place-the ladies working there were helpful & nice, the place was small but clean and service was quick.
I enjoy it when places serve food out of the norm and this place has a good balance of that.
I will be back.....

this place is always hits the spot.
I love the curry and pad thai and everyone I send here loves it too!
Not only is the food delicious but you get a lot of it for a little money.
They have great lunch specials!

Portions are small compared to other Thai restaurants in the area overall its good food (ordered the pad Thai )

I finally got around to visiting this one.
A few people have asked me now if I've been here, and it is just so far from my house!
It was totally worth the trip though.
I was impressed.
Benjarong is a gourmet Thai restaurant that is taking American Thai food to the next level.
I ordered the Salmon steak green curry ($15.99) and the Crab papaya salad ($8.99).
The crab papaya salad was pretty good.
It was slightly sweet with no vinegar, but the flavor went well with the crab legs.
The crab legs themselves had to be cracked.
They weren't the best crab legs I have ever had, and there were only three of them, but this was a really nice addition to the dish.
The one downside is that I wouldn't say this was an authentically flavored papaya salad, and Thais might be disappointed in this classic dish.
The portion was huge though, and I couldn't even finish half of it.
Next up was the salmon green curry.
This had a beautiful presentation, with a light green curry sauce with green peas, spread in a thin layer over the dish.
The portion of salmon was healthy, and the quality was too.
The curry sauce was a bit sweet, but I could tell it was a homemade curry sauce, and was well made.
It reminded me of the style of curry served at Pan Asian, but lighter.
I liked the fact that there wasn't a soup of this curry.
That would have been too sweet.
The curry was used like a light sauce rather than a traditional fully loaded soupy or chunky curry.
It went really well with the salmon in such a refined way.
The salmon, while deliciously prepared, did have a few bones.
In Thailand, the bones are eaten, but this could bother some Western patrons.
Take it from me though, the dish was worth the few little bones.
I was impressed by this Thai restaurant.
It fits in well with the area, and goes for an affordable, but upscale atmosphere and food style.
There are a few dishes on the menu that I don't believe I have tried.
Some of the dishes are definitely a bit Americanized, but they are done well.
I have a feeling that digging deeper into the menu would result in finding some good, authentic dishes.
I wish I lived closer so that I could explore this Thai restaurant a little more.

Really good Thai menu.
Food is always fresh and tasty.
And when I say spicy level 9, they don't assume I can't handle it and they actually make it spicy 9!!

This place is pretty good for an "authentic thai" cuisine place in Las Vegas.
I moved out here about 5 months ago, and I sure miss home cooked food.
The papaya salad, nam tod, and the curry dishes are pretty good.
Even the pan fried rice noodle dishes, pad kee mao, are pretty good too.
It's close to where I live which is a plus, and the prices are not too bad.
If the portions were just a little bit larger then the place would be very good, but all in all, this place is nice because the staff are very friendly to you.
Other places are not as friendly and don't check up on ya as well as this place does.
If your around, check it out, you'll like it.

* My hunt for some good Thai food in Vegas officially ended without much effort after I had my first meal here.
* Arguably the best fried chicken wanton I've ever had * Chicken fried ried rice n crispy pork were better than the ones I have had in California * Big portion and reasonably priced and all the dish I ordered came with a little salad nicely garnished * Clean and well kept.
So if you are around town try Benjarong.
I like to experiment but I am almost always starving so I hesitate to try something new.
So be a game and try all the other dishes here, I am sure they will not disappoint you

This is definitely my go to place now for Garlic Chicken.
I might not have a very diverse pallet of things I like as far as Thai food but I have been on a long quest to find the awesome Garlic Chicken since moving from San Diego.
While there are tons of food here that we didn't even have in San Diego much less being way better than there I had yet to come across a good Garlic Chicken.
THIS is my go to Garlic Chicken place now.
I also enjoyed their satay and the egg rolls and the homemade sauce is awesome as well.

Good not great about sums this place up.
No ambiance, no alcohol and OK food at pretty high prices.
Thai place by the Lakes is still best around in my opinion.
Had the Duck and the Catfish choo chee curry

Excellent Thai food.
Small intimate location with good service.
We are repeat customers.
The location is clean and employees are friendly.
They also deliver within a reasonable distance.

3 stars - Review is strictly for Lunch service.
I recommend coming here for lunch.
They have an excellent lunch special for 9.95.
Two chicken satay sticks + the course of your choice + steamed / fried rice + two spring rolls.
Great value for 9.95!
The food tastes like every other Americanized Thai food you would find in town.
For dinner, I would probably skip this place.

I had this Thai food delivered and I'm impressed!
I had the Chicken Pad Thai, and Beef Laarb Salad.
Both were delicious!
The Beef Laarb had so much flavor!
The Pad Thai wasn't too greasy and had great flavor.
It took about 45 minutes to be delivered which I think is pretty standard.
I will definitely be ordering again to fill my Thai food cravings!

This place is nice and quite and great for a low key dinner.
The combination soup with shrimp is bomb.
I also really like the chicken fried rice from here, I know I know super boring but great flavor.
Pad Thai chicken also pretty good!
A good place to go for a quick but good dinner.

The food is OK, but here's the problem: I'm a Vegetarian and from some reason, no matter how much I ask, they just don't respect that!!!
Every time I went there or picked up my food (4 times total, kept giving the place a chance) - I was disappointed, because THEY ALWAYS PUT MEET IN MY FOOD!!!
I asked for a plain noodle soup, specifically asked for vegetables and noodles ONLY, repeated the fact I'm a vegetarian and am asking for A VEGETARIAN SOUP, and they put beef inside.
A few months ago I ordered a rice paper spring roll, at the second bite I found out I've had shrimps inside!
What's up with that?!?
We called VERY ANGRY today once we figured out I've had beef in my soup, and the lady would not give us a refund for that (BTW, it's a 9$ soup!).
This is so annoying and inconsiderate.
I'm definitely NOT coming back.

One of the best Thai restaurants ever!!!!
I really really really enjoy the Padang, crab fried rice, pork jerky, pad se ew, tom yum.
So far that's all I ever order.
You see when I first went there I only ordered the panang, and every time I go I would try something different well I started to realize that all that food was too much for one person.
I cant just order one thing I have to order all of it :( so I'm afraid if I order something else I'll just add that to my list.
Every taste is yummy I can't even express it.
Just try it.
The servers are super nice!!!!
The only time one of them made me feel awkward was when I went to pick up dinner and the cashier said " Hey, it's you again!!!
I thought you may have forgotten something earlier today from lunch" :( lol.

Great thai food for our neighborhood.
Try anything.
It's great.
Recommend pad see eww.
Don't forget to spice it up!!!

I love Thai food.
I have been all over the west side Vegas to find the best spot, and Benjarong is my favorite.
I've tried Jasmine Thai, Panna Thai, Pin Kaow, Archi's, Basil N Lime, and the only Thai place in Vegas that could compete was Komol Restaurant (which is, funnily enough, not on the west side of town).
I live in the Centennial area and make the drive to the southwest whenever I get the Thai food shakes.
When I go in a group, we normally order family style and each grab a bit from all the plates rather than ordering individually.
This way, nobody has to fight over food.
My favorite dishes are the Chicken Pad Thai (spicy level 3) and Pineapple Curry with Chicken (spicy level 4).
The Pad Thai has excellent flavor.
It isn't overly subtle, but it isn't overpoweringly sweet or sour either.
Pad Thai is traditionally not supposed to be spicy, so for an authentic taste, try not to burn out your taste buds!
The pineapple curry is fantastic-- they actually serve it in a hollowed out pineapple!
There are chunks of chicken, pieces of diced pineapple, red and green peppers, peas, and onions....
Unless you're like me and ask for it without :).
While the Pineapple Curry is my favorite, the Green, Red, Panang, and Yellow curries aren't bad ways to go, either.
I just love the brightness of the pineapple, and how it soaks up the curry and creates a flavor explosion in my mouth.
Pad See Ew (noodles with beef and Chinese broccoli) is also quite nice.
In the evenings, the Thai Iced Tea is buy one, get one free.
It's a tasty drink, but use caution so you don't get full on that and have to miss out on the food.
Their mango sticky rice is pretty good, but I'd say that's the ONE thing that Archi's has on Benjarong is better mango sticky rice.
Service is quick and if you have leftovers (which is often the case), they'll box it for you.
I think that's great because being such a klutz, I'd spill my precious curry all over and be paralyzed by my wracking sobs due to the loss.

First time and really enjoyed the food, the presentation and the feel of the dining room - just wish they had wine to go with it.
Had the chicken basil it was perfect.
the staff are fabulous.
A real winner!

The curry was ok, I had to order the one served inside a pineapple, it looked better than it tasted though.
Maybe next time I should try the other curries.
The pork jerky was excellent though, I would definitely come back for that.
Service was pretty good too and the staff was really nice.

This place was good but not amazing.
The price was really high in my opinion for the quality of food.
I have another Thai place I am going to stick with.

This place was dead when we got there.
The prices were a bit munch.
We ordered beef satay and got the hardest kind of meat to chew.
The meat was so thin and gross.
The only tasty thing we had were the pad se eww noodles.
The chicken in the noodles was rough.
The BBQ thai chicken was dry too.

I love the food and the people here.
The food is fresh and authentic my favorite is the fried tofu pad thai.
The servers and wait staff are all family and really make you feel special check it out.

Love this place!
The food is amazing.
My husband and I have been here several times over 3 years and the quality keeps getting better :) Staff is friendly, clean, quiet romantic atmosphere.

This place is awesome!
I always order from this place as I lived just a street away.
Their Salmon Steak dinner is always good.
The restaurant itself is a little small, I think their main business is delivery and take out, but what they did to that limited space is impressive.
Other places could take a lesson or two in great customer service from the folks working here.
Everything is reasonably priced and as someone who loves quirky stuff, they have a black colored toilet in the bathroom.
Which was really clean too, by the way.

I will give 3.5 start if I can.
The venue is small but gives a very cozy feeling.
They only have about 10 tables and they are very close to each other.
Service is great and the staffs are very friendly and helpful.
They each have a great smile and make you feel welcomed and "hommie".
We ordered Benjarong's Signature Pad Thai and Pork Curry with white rice.
Pad Thai comes in a very big portion and it has pretty much everything in it: shrimp, pork, chicken and beef.
The sauce is good but it could be more juicy.
We ordered level 5 in spiciness and it is not spicy at all, same situation with the curry.
I wasn't too impressed with the curry, it is a bit too watery for me and the portion is kind of small compared to the Pad Thai, more potatoes than pork for sure.
I will say with the same price, Pad Thai is surely the one to go to.
My boyfriend, who lives around the corner and often comes here for the curry and rice to go, thinks they give out bigger portion when it is in the box.
I am wiling to come back to try out other dishes here.

I starting going to Benjarong about 3 years ago...it was a great Thai restaurant in the neighborhood.
I had always gone to Pin Kao but since we moved we thought we try it out.
My first couple experiences were good.
I told ot friends and family about it.
We even had it delivered to our house and ordered their carry out food.
I was completely disgusted to find a medium length black hair in the bottom of our Red Curry Chicken- i fed this to my whole family!
It wasnt till the second serving that my husband wanted- i found the gross hair.
I called to let them know and the reaction i got was that the person on the phone didnt understand and said maybe it was mine!
At the time I was a red head and my husband has short hair so nope it wasnt ours....They offered a credit for the red curry.
A few months go by and we thought, lets give it another try.
This time ill pick it up at the restaurant.
The food looked good but i realized when we got home, that the white rice that comes with the entree wasnt there and there was only brown rice that i ordered for a woping $2.50 a container.
I opened the rice and it smelled like a most sour foul smell ...not normal for brown rice.
I took a small bite and spit it out.
The rice in a bag was definitely burnt and rancid.
I now had no rice to serve to my family with our entree.
I went on the the chicken satay appetizer.
As i opened the box of food and foil i grabbed 2 skewers and not again...i found  ANOTHER BLACK HAIR!!!
I was utterly disgusted my husband was fuming mad.
Also that same trip to Benjarong i made sure to tip the server an xtra 10 for a tip.
Well over $20 percent for take out.
I really regretted buying this food from them again.The kicker was when i called the lady who handed me my food she said "you must have lost the white rice...i gave it to you, the brown rice is supposed to smell sour and the hair in the food...she denied it again.
Im sorry but  im not going to waste $40-60 bucks on food thats rancid, has human hair cooked in it and service that is less than normal and health code appropriate.
I will NEVER order from Benjarong ever again!!
I dont know whats the matter with who ever runs the place, why the cant keep their hair out of the food they serve others and why the heck they cant admit they mess up people food and dont exhibit clean methods of preparing food but until someone takes responsibility...i think they should be cited and given a fine to clean up their act!

Glad I stopped in to try this place.
I fell in love with the Pineapple Fried Rice!
Amazing flavor!
Can't wait to come back.

3.5 stars.
This is a place we love to hate, if you know what I mean!
We love it because it's so close to the house, which makes for convenient, last minute dinner plans.
We don't like it because they're a bit more on the pricey side (for Thai food).
They always seem to mess something up on or order.
Most recently they forgot to give us our streamed rice to go along with our curry.
They're a bit "cheap" with their rice too!
They provide a small container of steamed rice for twice the amount of curry.
If you ask for more rice they want to charge you $3!
That's including when we order multiple curry entrees!
We always end making our own rice at home because the proportions never mount up.
On a positive note, the wait staff are very pleasant, although it is very difficult to communicate with them.
The veggie green curry is outstanding and so is the Thai dumplings, according to my fiancée.
I always get the Thai noodle soup and have them make it vegan for me.
I always ask for no MSG, it tastes swell without that crap.
We also tried green curry with scallops, scallops were over cooked and miniature!
save your $2 and stay away from that.
The brown fried rice is okay, a little on the greasy side, so its good for hangovers I guess.
He also had the jungle curry once and doesn't recommend it, watery and bland.
If you are dining in, they have 2 for 1 Thai coffee or Thai tea between 7 & 9pm.

This place is sweeeeet.
Nice friendly staff.
Quick and helpful.
Clean and quiet.
Perfect when I walked in.
Though, I will mention that on a scale of 1-10 hotness, 8 means it needs to make sweat at least.
Food is excellent otherwise.
I will definitely come back with friends/family.

I Love Thai food.
I started off with an appetizer of Thai Egg rolls, I've had many different Thai places since I've been to Las Vegas, this is by far the best experience I've had so far.
I also had the Musaman Chicken Curry and it was amazing.
I loved every part of it.
Great affordable fast delivery.
Definitely recommend to everyone.

I have eaten here many, many ties over the past couple of years.
I am a vegan and they are always very careful to prepare my food without any fish, shrimp or oyster stuff.
The papaya salad is one of the best I have ever had anywhere.
The servers are extremely nice.
My *only* complaint; PLEASE, some new music!
Lol!
The piano Musak versions of 80s ballads is enough to drive me to the loony bin!
I think some hip, down-tempo eastern influence stuff would do the trick, as the restaurant is comfortable inside vibe wise, it's just that music that is way beyond worn out... other than that, Benjarong is awesome!

This place was a fantastic find!
Really homey with local vibe.
The food had a very unique Thai flavor profile that was more savory and aromatic than some others I've had, plus they took great care with presentation.
Service was deft and professional.
Fantastic place!

This is my husband and my favorite little place.
We order from them every Friday.
They are always friendly and the food is great.

This is my first time writing a Yelp review as I am less than happy about the service.
I came to pick up my lunch special and wanted a small thing of peanut sauce, just the 1 ounce one that the serve to go with their chicken satay.
The person at the counter quoted me 50 cents which I paid for.
After they spoke among themselves with the kitchen staff, she told me its actually $1.
For a small tiny portion of peanut sauce, I feel that it's not good business sense to requote your customer plus charge for a tiny serving of sauce....I am not likely to return.

The worst Thai food we've ever had !
We ordered chicken satay (it was the only good item we ordered ) .
Bbq chicken was very dry, crab pad thai was nasty , it had a weird smell.
Also prawns with lobster sauce was fishy .
Waitress wasn't helpful at all.
We ordered our food to go.
As she gave our food which took about 30 minutes to get, not to mention there was only two other tables.
She was standing there waiting for a tip.
Terrible food & service.
NEVER AGAIN !!

I tried to eat healthy but their food are too oily and salty for me.
There are no other choices in there for me.

Not the best but it's close to work & if I'm craving Thai, I definitely order the Lunch Special.
Pad Thai is okay, I've said different types of spicy but I honestly feel like they all taste the same.
Chicken Sate's pretty good too.
But besides that, it's an average place.
Service is nice, they always offer me a cold glass of water while waiting for my pick up order, which I truly appreciate.
Prices are reasonable too, for lunch.
Not sure about dinner because I've never been.

This place is awesome!
It has one of the best thai ice teas I have ever had, not too sweet.
The food has a different flavor profile than what I am used to (more savory flavors) but it was a nice change.
I have been here 3 times and will continue to come every time I'm in town.
Last time I was in it was buy one get one free for thai iced teas so I had 4 :)

Great food and service only bad thing is if you are there 1 hour you hear the same music 4 times omg and every time I go I hear the same music the owner needs some variety omg

Disappointed.
I usually go to Archie's or Pin Kaow for Thai food but since this place is closer to my house, I wanted to give it a try.
The prices are a little higher than other places and that's ok with me IF the food is great.
But the food was not great, not even good.
It was OK. And it seemed the portions were smaller than other places as well.
I won't be going here again.

I've ordered here 4-5 times in the last month or so.
Some were delivery some pick up.
Staff is always nice and friendly.
Delivery is quick and under the estimate time.
Most items I've had were excellent and from my white boy experience, authentic.
I did have a couple shrimp that were questionable one time.
Overall, recommended while you are in Southwest Vegas.

Love these guys one of the more consistent restaurants in the area... Employees make you feel like you are entering into their cozy Thai home when you arrive at Benjarong... We always have a great experience with both delivery and eating in .. Tom Yum and Pad Thai are great dishes here along with many others Thai coffee s a must order for first timers

WOW!
Amazing Thai food and friendly staff!!
Seafood Curry, Lemon Chicken, Steak Salad, YUMMY : )

Server needs to learn how to smile.
She was a good waitress but you gotta smile.
The food was good.
Got the chicken pad Thai lunch special.
Chicken and rice soup needed help.
But everything else was top notch.
Not a bad place at all.

I've dined in and taken out multiple times and everything has always been good!
And the staff is really, really nice (and super attentive!).
Definitely worth a try!

Great food.
I definitely recommend the Crying Tiger.
It's fantastic.
Just poor on the entire cup of whatever it is that's served with it and enjoy.
I also really like the Pad Thai, which is even better the next day.
The Chicken Satay was good but next time we are asking to double the peanut sauce.
We usually have it delivered and they generally arrive on or before the estimated time.

I often drive by this spot and just assumed that it was another fast food thai joint.
I was very wrong.
The staff is very attentive and very friendly.
The place is quite small but my friend and I were seated immediately.
I ordered the pad kee mao and a bowl of chicken tom yum.
My friend ordered some red chicken curry and then we ordered the fried banana rolls and a mango with sticky rice.
My pad kee mao was surprisingly delicious.
It was cooked just right so that the noodles stayed intact until the very last bite.
Not too much sauce, just enough flavor.
The soup was a bit sub-par, but then again, I am measuring it against the tom yum from Komol.
I ordered everything at a level 7 spicy which the waitress said would be pretty spicy, but it was not spicy at all.
That's fine, I just added a shitload of spicies from their little jars of fiery goodness.
Now on to the dessert.
WOW.
The banana rolls were just sweet enough to satisfy my sweet tooth.
The mango with sticky rice was probably the best I have ever had.
They put a little more coconut milk in the rice than I am used to and it made a world of difference.
The mango was also very ripe and sweet.
It was good overall and I would recommend this place.

We got there 15min before closing and they were able to serve us and were so pleasant!
Their tom yum ga was amazing and pad see ew was good as well.
Can't wait to go back.

Ordered Take Out at  9pm  I'm Thai.
All the Authentic stuff we eat at home (imagine Thai women all pounding away at the green papayas while roasting peppers that makes you cough like a hipster getting peppered sprayed when you walk into the house.
Everytime you eat something you sweat like a pig and you suck in air like a jet's engine through your teeth for some relief.
) but it's hard to make Pad Thai without a wok at home.
That is why I order out for Pad Thai.
My pad Thai was mushy.
The noodles were mushy like when you boil craft mac and cheese noodles then get distracted by Facebook then come back 20 minutes later and the noddles becomes mushy.
I'm exaggerating a bit but they were mushy.
No peanuts, and no heat.
It was kind of  bland.
The pineapple fried rice was almost on the way to becoming the best damn fried rice I have ever tasted.
Tomatoes, pineapple, and they threw in raisins.
The rice's texture and taste was lovely, but it was quite bland.

I have been to this restaurant a 4-5 times over the last few months because I just moved near this area.
Service:   It is average.
The servers are friendly and are helpful.
Food: I have tried following items at the restaurant: -Thai Omelet -Homestyle Duck (Level 5) -Spicy Basil Ground Chicken (Level 3) -Spicy Basil Eggplant and Pork (Level 1) -Kabocha Squash Curry with Tofu (Level 5)  The first time I tried this place, I had their thai omelet.
They forgot to put tomato in the omelet-- the only reason why I ordered the dish.
For the tomatoes.
However, I got fresh cherry tomatoes on the side so I was happy.
Overall, the food is too sweet.
I cannot handle hot food very well so I first started with Spicy Basil  Eggplant with Pork spicy level 1.
It was just plain sweet so the next time I ordered spicy basil chicken with level 3.
It tasted the same.
Sweet.
After that, I craved for some good duck dish so I got their homestyle duck level 5.
The duck was good and had some kick to it.
However, it was still too sweet.
Last night I got kabocha curry with tofu level 5.
I did not want to raise my spice level because I was afraid that I might not be able to eat it.
I now regret getting it with level 5 because it was just as mild as level 3 and was sweet.
I am probably going to return to the restaurant because its close.
But I won't recommend it to anyone who really want authentic thai food.
Their food is too sweet.

My husband and I aren't just numbers at this place like we are at Lotus of Siam....

My favorite Thai restaurant in town~  I'm always looking for the best crab papaya salad (som tum), beef jerky, laab... And they nail it.
Very authentic and delicious!

We've been to this place 4 or 5 times.
Each time, we're impressed.
I almost always order the Drunken Noodle dish - not sure what it's really called, but they seem to know what I want when I say "Drunken Noodle.
" :) My husband is vegan - so he gets Thai Curry with vegetables and Tofu.
Great food - great service.
LOVE their mango sticky rice too.

Benjarong is one of our favorite Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.
Not only is the food authentic and delicious (their heat scale is very accurate), but the service is really attentive and always consistent.
We especially love the Pad Thai, won ton soup, Thom Yum soup and pineapple fried rice.
An excellent place for a lunch date or with coworkers or family.

Food is good here, and it is well priced.
Docked 1 start because of the attitude problem the young waitress has.
Put a smile on woman!
you're in the service industry.
left a $5 tip because the young gentleman was nice to us!

Went to dinner here recently.
The food was very bland and pretentious.
The pineapple fried rice was served in an actual pineapple.
Looks like they care about presentation than having actual flavor in their fried rice.
The raisins used in the rice tasted funky and the spices were so bland that we dunked the chicken from this dish in peanut sauce from our appetizer.
I also ordered mixed veggies in a garlic oyster sauce.
Bland and not a good mix / variety of veggies.
It's 80% carrots and cucumbers.
2 pieces of broccoli and a small piece of cabbage for 9 or 10 bucks.
Total rip off.
I'll never come back and advise you to go to David Wongs pan Asian up the street on Durango.
It's 100000 times better than this dump.

You can't go wrong.
And delivery.
It's good.
And they are super nice too.
Very clear on the phone for the accent impaired.

DO NOT EAT HERE!
I wish i could give negative stars!!!
I have ordered to go or delivery several times and never had a problem until last night...my green curry was obviously DYED with green dye and my husband found many chunks of CHICKEN BONE in his basil chicken and my daughters pad see ew.
My husband almost broke his tooth and my daughter could have choked!
When I called to let them know and get my money back, they REFUSED to give my $ back.
One excuse after another...no manager on site, I don't know how, bring the food back to the restaurant so I can see the bone even though you have a baby and it's 8 at night blah blah blah...after 40 mins on the phone, they finally told me they'd give me cash back the next day.
I get here to pick up my refund and I was treated with attitude and them asking why I didn't bring the food back in.
I said "so you want me to drive around and work all day with Thai food in my car??!
" UTTERLY RIDICULOUS!
Then she had the audacity to say "it was just a little bit of bone"!!!!
Do not eat here.
They obviously don't care about their food or patrons.
I'm seriously disgusted.

That's really bad experience .
We order $60 foods , all the 4 meals with no taste at all, taste like sh....
When I called the restaurant to complain the lady said that we don't take spicy that's why it's taste like that ....
Radicals.
Don't ever order from this place.

Awesome food and the waitress, Fah was great.
Get the pineapple curry!
Served in a hollowed pineapple!

I thought this was more of a fast food place, but after I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised to see the nicely decorated sit down restaurant.
The wait staff was very nice and talked to my 5 year old which he enjoyed.
The tom kha koong soup was delicious!!!
I loved the flavors!
However, I wish they would remove the ingredients you don't eat (those that are just cooked with for flavor) before they serve it.
I liked the pineapple curry sauce for the most part, but next time will ask it to be less spicey.
The tofu was soso.
My husband ordered the veggie pad thai.
That was delicious as well!
Will be back!
It's in a convenient location and I love Tom Kha soup so that's my new spot for it!!
On a side note: I really appreciated the fact that the waitress asked if my son had peanut allergies because the dish he ordered had peanut sauce.
I've never had someone actually take the time to think about that and ask.

This place was great.
The wife and I decided to come and try this spot and we walked away return customers.
Benjarong is a great place and where they achieve higher than other places is in the level of presentation.
I ordered the pineapple curry and it was served in a whole hollowed out pineapple.
I ordered a 10 on the heat scale which I felt had about a 1 or 2 level of heat.
They told me after they asked how everything was that the cooks have me and I quote "white boy 10" and next time to ask for Thai 10.
I can complain and say I asks for hot so why give that but then I understand that you have to appease to Americans like myself and give a version of 10 so we can handle and still find it edible.
Whatever the argument is ..
I will come back again.
I also tried the fried shrimp, Thai tea, and sweet sticky rice w/ mango... All were very good and they offer but one get one on Thai tea during happy hour.

Food is ok, service awful..
I ordered delivery and they got if wrong, wouldn't bring back the correct order that night and told me I'd have a credit for next time instead..   Next time when I ordered because of the credit I didn't hit the $15 minimum delivery (was at $11) and they refused to send my order.
Never again!

