the week of thanksgiving, g and i were home, doing home improvement all week.
so, after my daily trip to home depot i stopped in.
they were busy, and service was curt but capable.
i gave my order:  one normal, plain, as-it-is bagel with plain cream cheese on the side and a wheat bagel with veggie cream cheese.
g does not like his bagel molested in any way.
most places, even after i explicitly tell them not to, molest the bagel.
hot bagels and deli didn't.
g was surprised and happy.
they  the bagels were tasty - a little crispy?
on the outside and soft on the inside.
bagel perfection.
the cream cheese was rich and luxurious.
i loved it, g loved it and we powered through the baseboard fueled by bagels.

Their bagels are FANTASTIC.
So good.
Big, perfectly boiled and nicely crisp on the outside while still being wonderfully light and fluffy on the inside.
And their cream cheese?
They make it on site.
Delicious.
And the cinnamon rolls...mmm.
Their prices are so reasonable and they even have a great $2.99 breakfast sandwich and coffee special every day (lunch, too!).
I hope Hot Bagels and Deli sticks around...they're such a great mom and pop addition to the hood.

If this place ever shuts down, you will find me curled up in the fetal position rocking myself outside their locked doors.
I love this place more and more each time I go.
Now, mind you, this place will never shut down because each time I've been there it is PACKED.
It doesn't matter when you go, even today at 10am on a Thursday, there were easily twenty people inside the tiny shop.
Apparently none of these people have real jobs.
Whatever, I don't care about them.
I care about my fabulous bagel-liciousness.
Yes.
I made that word up.
I think Webster should pay me royalties, in the form of hot bagels.
This place makes all their bagels from scratch each morning.
Get there at the right time and you can have one hot out of the oven.
Mmm.
It is heaven in a paper bag.
The bagels are hand rolled, then boiled and baked.
The end result is a crispy exterior and soft, chewy inside.
I suggest the breakfast sandwich.
They will whip up the best bagel sandwich with your choice of breakfast meat, cheese and egg in no time.
(Seriously, I have no idea how they cook it so fast, but I know they don't cook them ahead of time, because the cook top is out in the open for everyone to see.
)   Once, my husband and I were in a hurry to get to the airport.
It was some ungodly hour in the morning, and we were starving.
I couldn't bring myself to do the drivethru at the McDonald's across the street.
Just couldn't do it when I knew my bagel-liciousness was just a few hundred feet away.
So we called them on our way and asked if they could make the sandwiches ahead of time.
They were more than happy to.
When we ran in, our bagel sandwiches were wrapped up and in a bag, ready for us to run off to the airport.
The family that runs this place is great.
I'll never look at another bagel the same.
I love this place.

We have been looking for a place that serves good, North East - New York style bagels with lox and a deli.
Glad to say we finally found one, Hot Bagels & Deli!
They are a very small place right off the Carefree Hwy and I17 and frequently busy especially on the weekends.
They have a good variety of bagels served hot or cold breakfast style with several cream cheeses, bacon, sausage, egg, cheese (anything you want on it).
They also have a very good deli with a good selection of deli meats, salads and lox.
They serve both hot and cold sandwiches, wraps and they have some sweet pastries too.
They also serve Kona blend coffee, which is ok and better than most coffee's.
The only thing missing from this New York style bagel place is the smoked white fish, home made hot pastrami and the back/white cookies.
I highly recommend getting the "slice nova" on a plain or toasted everything bagel!
Lox, tomatoes, onions, capers and cream cheese, yeah baby!!
I recommend the Hot Bagels and Deli to my friends and hope you give them a chance next time your around the Carefree and I17 hwy area.
I think you will enjoy it.

Quality bagels made in-house.
Located on Carefree Highway just east of I-17, Hot Bagels is good place to stop for a quick breakfast or lunch when traveling either way on I-17.

Great place run by great people!
I know the bagels are killer, but I always go for the toasted croissant with two fresh eggs, taylor ham, sausage and Swiss cheese.
Service is lightning fast most days even when there is a line.
Best breakfast sandwich in the area by far.

Have to give this place five stars because there is nothing like it here in Phoenix!
I'm from back east and finding REAL bagels out here is near impossible, let alone a Taylor ham,egg, and cheese sandwich.
The coffee is great too and everyone that works there is friendly and courteous.
It has a real neighborhood feel.
I am a P90X coach and they let me leave my business cards out and notices about my local workouts.
When I walk in, I almost always see at least two or three people I know...just a great place all the way around!!

I don't like this place, but since it's the only place in the neighborhood to go for a bagel, I end up here too often.
The cinnamon-raisin bagel might have a total of 3 raisins in the entire bagel.
This has happened to me sooo many times, that I have stopped ordering it.
I feel like I'm just eating a cinnamon bagel.
You have to ask them to double toast your bagel.
If not, you will find that you have a luke-warm bagel with butter on it.
Ick.
I like my bagel browned just a little bit.
But I'm sure I will continue to come here until something better opens up nearby.

I really like this place.
Growing up one of my favorite meals was having Taylored Ham for breakfast and this is this first place that I've found that serves it.
The Taylored Ham/Egg/Cheese on everything bagel is a dream come true.
Another reason why I like this place is because unlike Einstein Bros. they really know how to load up a bagel with cream cheese.
The only fault is they really do not toast the bagels really well so you have to ask to have it double toasted.

Another fantastic bagel and coffee this morning!
So glad to have this place just down the street!
Absolutely great!
Rumor has it they are building a new location at 67th and happy valley!
Very cool!
Can't wait to try that one out!
My favorite bagel is the traditional plain toasted with butter.
So good!

Love their bagels and cream cheese!
My favorite is the rye bagel with veggie cream cheese.

I really like this place.
Growing up one of my favorite meals was having Taylored Ham for breakfast and this is this first place that I've found that serves it.
The Taylored Ham/Egg/Cheese on everything bagel is a dream come true.
Another reason why I like this place is because unlike Einstein Bros. they really know how to load up a bagel with cream cheese.
The only fault is they really do not toast the bagels really well so you have to ask to have it double toasted.

A must stop for a quick breakfast or lunch.
Quick, quality food for a good price.

The name says it all.
This is one hot bagel shop!
This could be one of the best bagel shops I've found in Phoenix and I would have never expected to find it way up in North Scottsdale.
This bagel shop is delicious.
The bagels are large, hot, soft and extremely delicious.
This local eatery has a line out the door on weekends and it's for a reason.
The breakfast bagel sandwiches are to-die-for.
The cheese, egg and bacon combo sandwiched between a hefty bagel makes it worth waking up early on a Sunday morning!
I will be visiting again soon for the deli because I hear that it's a must to stop by and experience their lunch.

This is the best bagel shop in AZ!
Excellent customer service and the bagels are to die for!
The staff is super friendly and you're in and out w/ your order very quickly!

Just the right amount of crusty-but-soft, warm, fresh bagels to be found in the Valley!
Very friendly, prompt service.
This will be our only stop if we want a REAL bagel!

This place is amazing!!!!
Fantastic bagels,crusty ,with the right amount of chewiness as well as texture and flavor.Delicious cream cheese ,hot breakfast sandwiches as well as deli.Just talked to a New Yorker friend of mine and she called it"the only place besides New York that can serve a great bagel"!!!!!!

Love to hit up a bagel place every once in a while and when we moved to the area would have drive miles to get any bagel.
Now that we have Hot Bagels I hate to go anywhere else.
The bagels are delicious and they put on a lot of cream cheese.
If you like bagels you have to try this place.

I've eaten here four times.
The staff has so far been friendly, the meals have come in a timely manner, and the prices are pretty good.
You get a sandwich, chips, and a fountain soda for around $7.
The bagels are above average, the meat is freshly sliced, and they use Boar's Head mustard.
I don't like mayo or cheese on my sandwiches and these are still good enough to keep me coming back.

My boyfriend has taken me here three times since we've been back home for the Winter and I LOVE IT.
The first time was a weekday morning and we had their breakfast special.
Sausage and egg on croissant.
Totally melt in your mouth perfection.
The second time I had to try the lox and cream cheese with capers and onion.
They hit it out of the park again!
I had it on the everything bagel, but chose not to toast it.
You also get potato chips and a drink with the sandwich.
Last time we went I got the lox again but this time on the onion bagel, and toasted.
It was somehow even more amazing.
We can't leave here without getting a handful of their hot sauce packets, I don't even know why but they are delicious.
Also one of their chocolate danish pastries that are mouth watering.
Everyone here is super friendly and your food comes out lighting fast and super fresh no matter how packed they are.
Can't give it more than 5 stars or else I would.

Love this place!
Great breakfast and lunch specials!
Bagels are always fresh and love that it is a family owned business as well :) The owner is so sweet, one time I had come in for a dozen bagels and left my debit card at home, but he let me take the bagels anyway with the promise to come back and pay!
I of course ran home with bagels in tow and came right back and paid, he was almost disappointed I came back so quickly, but there is NO place I know that would have been so kind!

Best bagels in AZ.
Friendly Staff, clean store, GREAT food.
I'm there 2-4 times a week...if they weren't there I'd be at a loss for breakfast!

Double ham, egg, and cream cheese on an everything bagel; you won't be disappointed!

Perfect way to start the day!!
Make sure to get there earlier in the day for the best bagel selection.

LOVE that we found this place heading up to Sedona.
I ordered the lox/cream cheese/ caper bagel.
AMAZING!
Seriously, it was stacked super high with salmon!
The bagels themselves were awesome- NO HOLES!
we wondered, are people selling bagel holes now also??
BF had the ham/cheese sandwich.
He devoured it!
It was super fresh, fast, and delicious!
would defientely come back!

Ok, forget the smoked white fish and the black/white cookies... this place doesn't need them!
This Hot Bagels and Deli is one of the Best places you will find anywhere around Phoenix for tasty bagels!
They are bagelicious!
If you don't believe me, then just stop by on a Saturday or Sunday morning and watch all of the bagel seeking peeps come into this place by the droves!
Yes, it's a great people watching place too :-)  A good bagel must be somewhat light and yet chewy on the inside and boiled and crisp on the outside.
This place knows how to make bagels better than most hands down.
I hope you will give them a try.
Maybe I will see you there?

Awesome place!!!
Excellent food, fast service, and a friendly staff.
The use of fresh meats really completes the quality of the meal.

The staff is rude, and they were out of a lot of bagels everything by 1pm.
I would not come back again, ever.

fast became our favorite breakfast spot.
love the breakfast special-even more when we found out we could have the gyro meat.
good coffee and our grandkids would rather eat there than just about any place else!

My husband and I go here once a week for breakfast.
The bagel sandwiches are always delicious and fresh.

Cheap quick breakfast, how can you go wrong?
Had an egg, sausage, and cheese on a sesame seed bagel.
I think it was like $4 or $5 and came out in a flash.
Definitely didn't expect a place like this off Carefree Highway.
I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.

Staff isn't always pleasant but the jalapeno cream cheese is awesome so I just take it to go!

We love this place for a Saturday morning treat.
They're seemingly always busy, which is always a good thing.
The service is always fast and courteous and the bagels are great.
We love the sausage, egg and cheese sandwich on a spinach bagel.
Also, try their various cream cheeses!
So many to choose from!

Coffee and bagels are delish!

So I've been here a couple times over the last few years.
Today was my third visit.
I had a toasted spinach bagel with egg and cheese-yummy.
I was sitting on the front patio when I noticed a bird struggling in a high branch of the palo verde tree nearest the building.
The little sparrow had it's foot caught on the branch and was hanging upside down.
It would flutter it's wings valiantly every few minutes trying to right itself, then hang helpless again.
I wanted to help, but it was so high up I knew I couldn't climb all the way up.
One of the staff members came out to see if everyone was happy so I pointed out the little bird and asked her if they had a long pole of some kind.
She went back inside and came out with a ladder and a broom.
So she set up the ladder and I was preparing to climb up with the broom stick to see if I could help free the bird.
Meanwhile everyone on the patio and passing by had stopped to see what was happening.
I was about to climb up when another staff member came out to assess the situation.
He quickly came up with a better solution and disappeared inside.
Shortly he returned with an extendable pole that would easily reach the sparrow.
After gently trying to nudge the bird free we all realized the entaglement was more serious.
This kind man climbed the tree and with the help of another volunteer on the ground pulled the branch close enough to reach.
He then gently captured the bird and brought it down.
Both of its feet were badly tangled with some sortof stringy moss.
The bird's thrashing had twisted ithe string so badly he would surely have died before breaking free.
Everyone helped to untangle his feet and then we set the tiny sparrow free.
High fives all around!
I will go out of my way to eat here and tell others about the awesome people who work at Hot Bagels and Deli.
Moral of the story: They are really nice here-and the food is great too!

This has been my go to weekend spot for breakfast for over a year now.
Never been disappointed with the food or service.
If the lines are out the door you still have your food in no time at all.
Best bagel joint in Arizona !

Okay, this place is off the chain!
Literally... Family-owned.
And they are fantastic!
I feel bad for people that think Einstein's actually has decent bagel sandwiches.
They've obviously never been introduced to anything like Hot Bagels before.
Now, granted I haven't been to every single bagel shop in AZ...
But none of the places I've tried even come anywhere near the incredible Hot Bagels.
I got hooked to the original location at 59th ave and the 101 when I was in high school.
And ever since then (clearly this was some time ago, as I am a bit older now) I ALWAYS compare every bagel to theirs.
Nobody else touches this place.
Needless to say, I was ecstatic when I accidentally stumbled upon this location about 6 months ago.
Of course they didn't disappoint.
I had a lunch sandwich for the first time here that day, and HB didn't let me down at all.
Everything is priced very well and for the quality, you definitely get some bang for your buck.
Most of the sandwiches are $5.95 and you get a free bag of chips AND a free drink with that!
BOAR'S HEAD meat and cheese all around, and the bagels are incredible!
They are HUGE, rolled and baked fresh on the daily, and strike the perfect balance between soft, chewy, and crispy when toasted.
They don't skimp on anything, and I never feel like I just got robbed after eating here.
The cream cheese assortment is awesome and each one I've tried is amazing!
My go-to breakfast bagel is sausage, egg, and cheese on an everything.
YUM.
And if I have a sweet tooth, the cinnamon raisin bagel with the walnut raisin cream cheese will do the trick every time.
It's addicting!
Great customer service, and I'm pretty happy with the coffee, too.
I leave this place satisfied without fail every visit.
Come to find out, they have been so successful that they also opened up a location at 67th and Happy Valley.
I must say, what I absolutely LOVE about this place and REALLY respect, is the fact that they haven't hiked up the prices to anything ridiculous when they know damn well they could.
It seems to be about the same as what I used to pay 8 years ago if you can believe that.
If there is an increase at all, it isn't noticeable.
And the quality hasn't declined the least bit either.
So on that alone, I GLADLY hand over my money.

Store baked bagels in a wide variety.
Boar 's Head cheeses and meats.
Very reasonable prices.
This is the place.
Need I say more.
Don.t miss this place!

While I didn't have a bagel my sandwich was delish!
I made a quick pit-stop here on the way to Flagstaff and ordered a turkey sandwich to go.
Really, it was basic and super simple sandwich, but it all good quality.
Boars Head meats and cheeses and they bake their bagels in house.
Plus, it was super fast!
This was especially convenient since I was on the go.
I'd definitely stop here again.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was good.

Passing through came here on a friday afternoon, not crowded at all.
Ordered a pastrami reuben which came out quickly and was very good.
Would try again for bagels if im ever in the area for breakfast.
Seems to be a popular spot with the younger crowd.

Can't give wrong with Hot Bagels.
Just moved into the area and been here 3 times already.
We bring guests since we know they'll enjoy the food.

I love the Lox Bagel... First time I had a Bagel from here was 2 years ago, I left went back to the Bay Area with them on my mind.
I am back 2 years later with them still on my mind.
When I got back this was my first stop.
I got my Lox Bagel!!!
Ohhh and their jalapeno cream cheese is Hella Good!!

First time here and love this place already!!
The sausage, egg and cheese bagel was so good!
The food also came out quick and was fresh.
Definitely will be coming back!

