Good and very cheap for both lunch and dinner.
Best cheap chinese food in the area!
Crab rangoon free with lunches.
Bought dinner for four people, lo mein noodles, chicken egg foo young, chicken fried rice, and general tso's chicken, and it was less than $30 bucks.

I ordered Cashew Chicken and Crab Ragoon for delivery.
The crab ragoon was not that bad, but the cashew chicken just was not good.
The sauce was so thick and tasted differently than what I am used to.
It wasn't horrible, but I've had better from numerous other Chinese restaurants in Madison.

I think myself pretty patient, but enough already.
I ordered delivery.The food came on time, but it was more expensive than it should have been for lunch specials- so clearly I was charged full price.
when  I went to sign the credit card receipt I crossed out the tip line, planning on tipping in cash.
The guy took the receipt out of my hand and before I could pull cash out of my pocket said "no tip?
I am loosing money coming here!?
" Is it just me or is that really rude?
After all that the food is only OK- I ordered the chicken and garlic sauce with fried rice.
The rice was too salty and there was barely any chicken.
The vegetable lo mein was OK.
I will not order here again.

I ordered food to be delivered, when i opened up my bag it was the wrong order, i tried calling back but they were closed so i waited and called them the next day and i told them what happened and the guy on the phone was extremely rude and said to call back tomorrow, then he hung up on me.
So i called back the next day and the so called "manager" told me he was the one to take my order and that I said the wrong thing and it was my fault...
I'm not even kidding; he actually told me that the ordered being messed up was MY fault.
I also had gone there a few weeks before that and i ordered in and my Lo Mein had a small wing of an insect sitting on top of it.
When i tried to take it back he tried to act like he didn't know what i was talking about.
i have never witnessed customer service as bad as this place.

It's near by, it's fast, and it's easy.
It's never exceptional but it's never bad.
They mess up my order sometimes but I've never cared enough to take it back.
It's pretty overall okay.
Nothing phenominal but always hits the spot and I know what to expect.
Service is fast and friendly.
I grab food here once every few weeks and am always "satisfied".

