This review is for AT&T land line service...
I am actually on hold with their customer service department as I type this review.
The actual service is fine, however their customer service sucks ass!
I just received my latest invoice, my rates more than doubled!
So, I called the customer service number on the bill.
I am in the process of being transfered to my 4th person!
All I want is my old rates back and for them to re-rate my current invoice.
Each customer service rep keeps telling me that another department handles that request.
When I get a new rep on the line, he or she says "oh, no... that other department handles that, not us....
I'll transfer you.
"  Aaarrgghhhhhhhhhhhh!
I really should get rid of my landline!
ZERO STARS!

This review is for the associate who helped set up our cable/internet service.
Kyle was incredibly helpful and didn't try and push unwanted services on us - plus we got a good deal compared to what we could get with similar services.
Nice associates make the painful cable/internet bills a little more bearable, so thanks Kyle!

We made the mistake of going in to get Beth a new iPhone on a Saturday morning when there was no football game.
Big mistake as we waited for quite some time.
That said, it is tremendously helpful to be able to check in and know when you will be up to work with an employee.
The gentleman who helped us was very knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and gave us a quote for UVerse service when we move to Appleton next month.
While we were slow to get service due to the overall business of the store, once we were helped, the service we received was outstanding.

The AT&T Store employees were so helpful when I lost my phone in Montreal.
Peter helped me get a temporary phone and a new one sent to me within 48 hours.
He could not have been more helpful!
And today I went back to have my bill explained to me, and Jay let me know what the charges were for and helped me understand my plan.
5 stars!

After a terrific experience in obtaining a new phone for my wife, we returned on October 19, 2013 to order U-verse service for our new home in Appleton, WI (where we would be moving a month later).
Service was to be installed November 16, 2013.
On that date we were contacted by a service technician who was in our driveway...in Madison.
My wife called AT&T on Monday the 18th to set up an appointment for the 20th.
On that date we were contacted by a service technician who was in our driveway...in Madison.
We rescheduled for the next day, the 21st.
On that date we were contacted by a service technician who was in our driveway...in Madison.
My wife then informed customer service we would be out of town the next day and asked for installation on the 23rd.
On the 22nd, while we were actually in Madison, a technician called stating he was outside our home in Appleton.
After threatening on the 23rd to obtain service with Time Warner Cable, we finally had installation one week late.
I missed out on many work e-mails, several programs and put my life on hold for the aborted appointments.
AT&T should be embarrassed.

I was talked down to and made to feel dumb for not wanting to purchase insurance for my phone.
I also asked questions that I believe would be in the domain of someone working for att, (how would a third party, such as best buy, be able to offer something less expensive for the same service through att?
) and the sales person was extremely condescending and not informative.
I would have rather just spent an hour doing something else.
Horrible.

