Cute local place-they seem to have their regulars as the lady behind the cash register was on a first name basis with some of the store perusers.
I will say that some of the people in the store looked like they were straight out of honey boo boo child ;)  Bascially the gist of the store is that they offer home style cooking frozen and packaged up.
They have options like pizza crusts to chicken pot pies.
All come with defrosting and cooking instructions.
There were a ton of samples of their offerings.
I was only tempted by one-and it was a sampling of chips and guac.
It's my impression that samples are to show your patrons the quality of your food, and tempt them in to purchasing your goods.
However the chips were stale and the guac was off as well.
Disappointing.
I didn't purchase anything because the price points for everything were so ridiculous.
Additionally for a store that is offering home style cooking to take home I would hope that they would have offered cleaner, more nutritious foods, maybe some local sourced produce/meat but I didn't see anything of the sorts.
Again, disappointing.
Great concept but there are some kinks that need to be worked out before I visit again.

I will confess that I tried U Bake last year when I was putting on a cookie decorating party for my husband's team.
I purchased the gingerbread men and sugar cookies in holiday shapes.
The cut out shapes come frozen.
The cookies were excellent  (rich tasting unlike the Pillsbury stuff from the grocery store)  and baked really well.
The store had decorating sprinkles and such but I found that I could purchase similar items for much less at Woodmans.
Got a big tub of prepared frosting and piping supplies from the Vanilla Bean just down the road.
Everyone had a great time.

U Bake is an odd little gem of a store.
First, thanks to them for accepting my expired Madison.com deal (barely expired, but they were just so nice about it).
Second, I don't need to be gluten free, but GF snack foods make me feel better about snack foods.
They have a lot of tasty GF options.
As the other reviewer says, it's mostly home style cooking that's frozen.
I cook a pretty stereotypical (eastside) Madisonian amount, so aside from needing chips and gummy worms that stuff isn't for me.
BUT, a co-worker of mine who HATES to cook, goes there for things like cookies when her kid needs to take stuff to school or pies for holidays.
I would imagine that U Bake's options are healthier and more natural than pre-ordering from a restaurant and less expensive than pre-ordering from the co-op.
Another tip from an anonymous source... if you buy a bag of frozen cookie dough already in cookie form, you can make individual or pairs of cookies in your toaster oven.
It fills an odd niche.
The owner is incredibly nice and seems to always be working.
I think all of the frozen stuff is made in-house.

