"Change Oil" "Change Oil" "Change Oil" "Change Oil" How annoying is that?
For the past couple of weeks that message has been staring at me in the face... from my dashboard in the car.
Unfortunately, it did not magically disappear either.
So, I finally gave in and brought my car to Firestone.
I actually called first and the guys working there sounded like they were slammed.
They said to come by first thing in the morning.
But I couldn't wait - I just wanted to check "Change Oil" off my To-Do list.
So, I walked in, worked with Mark and Timothy, and they told me they could have me in and out within an hour and a half.
I ended up being there for closer to two and a half hours, but guess what?
That light is no longer flashing in my face and my car seems to be running well.
At $25.80, I feel like that was time and money well spent.
I would return for Oil Change or other simple procedures, but not sure about more in-depth, etc... Take that for what it's worth.

I have been to this Firestone about 4 or 5 times and each time I have had a great experience.
My car has been less than reliable lately so they know me by name at this point.
I have frequented Firestone for tire checks, oil changes, and fuse checks too.
They are always really consistent and trustworthy.
If you need a auto care place to rely on...this one is it.
Especially this location, they are the bomb!

Last month, I had the unfortunate experience of realizing the full effect of not having A/C in AZ, it was time for an appointment.
I've had my Jeep for many years and plan on keeping it for many more to come.
Jim and the team here at Firestone help that dream come true a few times every year.
Cars need to be maintained, just like people, they breakdown occasionally and need some attention.
I'm fortunate that this is the only Firestone that I've been coming to in AZ, since when I first moved here 5 years ago.
They know my vehicle well, the previous appointments, costs, etc.
Each and every time that I return, they genuinely care about how my vehicle is running.
The next time that you're in need of some people maintenance (massage) call me.
As far as your need of car maintenance, this Firestone location on Camelback  Rd.
& Miller Rd, is for you!

With only 1 day notice, I dropped off the Jeep because it was stuttering.
This vehicle has been with me a long time and yes, it was trying to tell me something along the lines of HELP!
The seal on the manifold needed to be replaced, along with the spark plugs, caps and a few other minor things.
They assessed the situation quickly, called me with an estimate and gave the expected turnaround time for the pickup.
These are routine for any business, but here's where they got the 5th Star!
They saved me about $50 or so because they did not have to replace everything and one of the parts less expensive.
Also, gave me a 10% discount for using my Firestone card ( no interest for 6 months!).
And...  After picking up the Jeep, I drove to Yosemite National Park to climb and camp for a week.
The drive is 10-11 hours!
Not a stutter or peep from the engine, only had to fill it with gas and clean the windshield occasionally.
The drive there is not easy, a lot of elevation gain (which is hard on an engine).
I've been fortunate to have found this location since moving here in 2005, it is the only shop that I take my '97 Jeep to for auto work.
They have the history of all of the repairs and are always understanding when I do have some issues or complaints.
In case you're wondering:  (Other than the inconvenience of being without a car when it's being worked on, it is much cheaper than a new car payment!

Needed a tire fixed on a Sunday afternoon and they did it in about 5 minutes - For FREE!

Had gone to firestone in Tucson while in college, figured I could trust the company/brand in Scottsdale.
1year old civic, 15k miles...went in for oil change and was given a $600 list of recommended services.I declined (thank g.) & and took it to Honda for my next oil change (4k miles later) everything was fine.
Firestone lost my business.
Sucks most bc zipps is right next door.
Boo!!!

My fairly new tire blew out on the way to work (debatable if it was before or after I slammed into the medium avoiding Helen Keller in a Cadillac) last week.
Triple A was out in under 45 and had my spare on ready to go within 5 minutes.
The problem (or I should say one problem in several) was that I was growing later and later for work by the minute, and no way was this spare tire going to make the rest of the way to work and back again between freeways, potholes, and a 45 minute drive.
Frantically Yelping places near my work while Triple A did their thang I realized that a) Firestone was in walking distance and b) I had actually spent money here before for an oil change on my new car and nothing went wrong/wasn't taken advantage of on the spot.
Where Firestone earned the extra star above A-ok was when I rolled in hysterically late and asked if I could just park there and come back at lunch to ascertain the sitch and then make the call; they were cool with it.
Then, as promised when I came back at lunch we found out, after they confirmed it was not patchable (props for trying to save me money) that they didn't have the matching tire on the premiss.
The tech then called around without complaint until he found one that, while not the same exact tire brand, was at least the same tred as my other fairly new tires and that could be here and on before end of day.
They also didn't try to scare tactic me into tire insurance on a single tire or any other services ie.
air filter replacement (yep, fallen for that one before) or realignment.
In fact they even made sure my tire pressure was even and everything was rotated.
They then waited patiently for me as I ran over from my office in 110ยบ heat at 6pm on the dot to grab my keys before closing up shop for the night... very cool of them.
That sounds like we should be at 5 stars.
One negative however is by the time I picked my car up most of their lot was in the shade, but my car was reversed into the row left in the sun with full frontal sun exposure.
Without putting my shade protector back up.
I know this sounds nit-picky but my front window tint isn't the best, it was at least another 40 degrees hotter in my car than necessary and it was the only car in the lot at the time.
It gave the impression of carelessness after such great service.
4 1/2 due to an uncomfortable 10 minutes with my seat and steering wheel, but I'll be nice and round up because they could have closed a minute or two early.
Can't say anything one way or the other on repair skills, I have a spot for that already, but I'm sure next time my car tells me I need an oil change I'll be pulling into this spot without qualms.

Been here a few times.
Friendly and honest staff.
Choice between Zipps and Clancy's Irish pub in the same parking lot.
Talk about convenience!

I have brought my car here two times and both times I had such a great experience.
The first, my car needed a battery replacement - they were so helpful over the phone, recommended a tow company, and even fit me into their schedule the same day I called ( which was superbowl Sunday!
)  They called me immediately after checking out the car and were able to replace the battery and do some preventative maintenance for what I would consider to be a very fair price.
Second time, wasn't even sure what was wrong with my car.
Again, got it towed - and they called me to let me Know that they had to do a full diagnostic on the car.
I agreed.
Exactly an hour later they called me back- told me the problem was super simple and some wires just needed to be cleaned.
Also, they noticed the battery wasn't performing he way it should so they went ahead and replaced it again for me.
All in all, my car was ready the same day I came in and they only charged me for a little bit of labor and that was it.
Anytime something goes wrong, they are my go to.

So the time for an Oil Change finallllly came and as predicted, to Firestone I went.
Called the night before and set up a Friday am appointment to drop my car off before work and grab it at lunch, they were super accommodating... the tech on the phone even answered my questions about current specials!
When I dropped the Edge off in the am it was a bit busy in the large lobby, but they did a great job of handling the line and servicing customers with an appointment (ahheeemm) right on schedule.
The only snafu happened when I walked in to pick up my car and I realized I had left my debit card on my desk at work.
Drat.
Once again, they were understanding and I was back on schedule shortly.
All of this without out any gloom and doom hard sell action.
Shocking.

This place sux, it sux hard.
They really don't care if they earn you business or not.
Not only that but the front service guy always has bs recommendations.
They get 2stars cause there techs are good, simple guys who know there s**t. Bottom line if your in a pinch and really desperate, w no other choice, go there.
Just stay clear the fat guy with the ponytail and the bald guy in the front, otherwise you might be paying for muffler batteries, and blinker fluid.
:-)

Zachery and his crew were excellent!
This is the second full set of tires that I have purchased there and the price was better than any competitor Zachery could find.
I'm very impressed by the speed at which they completed my vehicle and how well the work was performed.
Yes, I would recommend this business to anyone who asks.

Brought my Buick in for a simple oil change and was told that I had $2348 worth of oil leaks.
I have never seen a single drop of oil on my driveway so I took my car for a second opinion.
Thank Goodness the other (more honest) shop told me that absolutely NOTHING was needed!
I will never set foot in this location again!

These guys are so awesome!!!!!!!
Scott helped me out so much!!!
I had an issue with another location and Scott got me right in and fixed my car in literally 7 min.
These guys are incredible!!!!!!
Go here!!!!

