This place is great!
It's $2.25 for ANY item of clothing.
I am so amazed because I am used to paying over $5 for cleaning a dress or sweater.
Makes sense to make it easy and just charge the same amount no matter what the article of clothing is.
They are so fast too; it's a day for dry cleaning.
The only weird thing is that they launder, no dry clean the item if you want it starched, and that takes an extra day for some reason.
They also only charge $2.00 if it's a uniform item.
I paid like $17 for 4 sweaters, 2 blouses, 1 skirt and a pair of slacks to be dry cleaned.
what a steal!

Love love love, this place.
They always remember me.
The price is fantastic.
Next day pick up if you're in before 10am, plus they offer minor alterations.
See mom,  I dont need to know how to sew on a button.

I brought 9 shirts to be pressed and heavily starched.
The starch was  left with powdery residue all over the shirts ( all of them ).
They must have a new press machIne that adds folds, wrinkles and uneveness to garments because that is exactly what I got back.
In addition when I called to explain the situation I was told they could either send them out again ( which i did not have time for) or refund the cost.
I brought 1 of the garments back to the store and then the run around began.
After being told they didnt need to see all of the shirts just an example of what I was not happy with I arrived with my shirt and they then said I needed all 9 shirts to refund my money.
(  bs bs bs bs bs bs) if you said this on the phone then I would have brought all 9 shirts with me.
Next ,one of the female workers was totally unprofessional, condescending, borderline rude, uncaring, more interested in being right then customer service, patronizing, and just wrong in every way.
I was told a flat out lie ( twice ) and she was tripping on her tongue trying to cover it up.
Avoid this cleaners at all costs !!!!

Great place right around the corner.
In and out.
I had to leave a few things overnight, but wasn't worried about them.
Next up Antique linens.
That will make me a lifelong (or as long as they are open!
) customer if they don't eff them up!

I actually asked to pay more & they refused!
Unheard of, lol :D  I was going to travel to the East Coast & needed to bring my coats out of hiding.... unfortunately after pulling them out of the box they'd been hiding in for the better part of a year, my dog got a hold of them and decided they were perfect for cuddling :(  When I dropped them off & they told me it was $2.25 per item I felt like I was robbing them, so I asked the woman to let me pay more so that I'd feel better, lol.
She wouldn't hear of it & tried making me feel better.
She must have a dog that's as naughty as mine.
My coats were ready the very next day after 4 pm & looked great.

I like the quick turn around on my clothes.
I have dresses and blazers I wear in the office and I'm big on taking care of my clothes.
I like this place.
I've never had any issues.
I use coupons for $2 a piece that I get in the mail.
The girls that work here seem not to be too busy when I walk in but, they've always were attentive and nice.

