There are quite a few reviews of Coco's in Vegas, but this Coco's in particular I could not find.
This little place right across from the MGM is a little secret.
I came here Christmas morning and was warmly greeted at the door by the manager.
He walked me to our table, taking note of my party and specially assigning the largest and most private table for us.
Immediately after I sat down, before I could even get comfortable, there was a very happy bubbly staff member who came to greet us as well.
Afterwards, I probably don't really know who my server was because there were a total of 3 who greeted us and periodically came and checked on us to see if we needed anything additional to our order, but my review for this particular Coco's is about their excellent customer service, warm tradition to coco's standard trained staff and of course their food.
Their hash potatoes was excellent and warm.
Infact the server brought it out saying "some of yours was already done and the rest weren't, but I didn't want it to sit there and get cold so I'm bringing you these first, is that ok?
" so she brought it out first.
That is SMART and absolutely considerate!
When all our food arrived, we enjoyed a good hearty meal.
The host also sat us down with recommendations, for what taste the best and what was best priced.
I think this Coco's and this staff is worth my review, and a stop for anyone who doesn't really feel like some more cold/warm buffet and who want some hot food (just make sure you let them know you want it when it comes off the stove).

Yaeko gave us great service.
Fast, polite and almost guessed our needs before requesting.
We'd come here again.
The Cinnamin Roll French Toast is always great.
This place is next to Hooters, and across the street from MGM parking lot.
You can see the Monorail from CoCo's.
One nice thing about CoCo's is they still give you free refills on Orange Juice and Grapefruit Juice.
The other breakfast guys don't.
Why give me free refills for Soda at a place that serves breakfast 24/7 and charge me for another glass of OJ.

Fresh biscuits are not fresh (microwaved).
Toast is not toasted.
Egg benedicts are not poached (also microwaved).
Turkey sausage are some sort of greasy patty.
If the  super glossy photos on the menu warned you away then good job, you missed a terrible meal.
Service is ok however.

Went to my first Cocos in Newport beach, and although not nearly as nice, its good, cheap ( Vegas prices) healthier than fast food ,food for Vegas.
Pretty good size portions for two girls, stick with the basics and you'll be happy.
It was right across from the MGM, where we stayed at, so once we discovered it was there, ( easy to overlook) we went for a late breakfast the days we were there.
Under $30 for the 2 of us with tip, so quite reasonable by Vegas standards, or really anywhere for that matter.

The food is excellent, the staff is friendly and eager to please, under the direction of a lady willing to go the extra mile to give TRUE customer service.
I have found an official Las Vegas  staple that I will recommend to all my friends.
Come, eat, enjoy!

Coco's was suggested to us by an employee at the Tropicana since my husband and I wanted a sit down tasty breakfast.
We walked over there and enjoyed some delicious breakfast food that was priced decently for the Vegas area.
I ordered the Belgium waffle with peaches and blueberries on top (fresh of course!!!).
My waffle came with 2 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon.
My husband ordered a delicious all meat omelet with eggs and 2 pancakes on the side.
The meal with two coffees was under $25.
Make sure you don't judge this place by it's location!!!
We almost made that mistake because we saw it sits in front of a crappy motel.

We loved cocos its like your fav hometown dinner .
Treated us like they new us made us feel right at home and we never been there before.
food wasgood  chocolate cream pie was awesome.
Prices were great.
Would highly recommend this place

Came here off a whim trying to find a place to eat at 2am.
They have great food and the nicest staff.
From the host to the waitress, everything was perfect.
The food is good too!
Also, the prices are more than reasonable.
My girlfriend and I liked it so much that we came here again for a late lunch prior to us leaving Vegas.
If you want a chill and relaxed spot with great food and service, come here!

We found CoCo's in an attempt to escape the high priced cafes in the Hotels.
All we wanted was a Greasy Spoon to fill us up without emptying our pockets and Coco's was the ticket.
They are open 24hrs serving a full menu.
We wandered in here searching for breakfast fare and we were not disappointed.
They have a vast breakfast menu consisting of stuffed Crepes, French Toast, Pancakes, Omelets and any other kind of combination that you could want.
I didn't pay much attention to the Lunch/Dinner menu but it seemed to have just as much variety as the breakfast.
The Wait staff was very friendly and accommodating.
My only regret is being too stuffed to try some of their bakery items which looked very tasty.
For the money, quality and escape from the bright lights, you can't go wrong with Coco's.

(Las Vegas) All I can say is $4.99 breakfast special :) Eggs, meat, hash browns, and pancakes.
:) They have a large menu with many items.
Open 24hrs.
Gotta try the Country Fried steak an eggs too.
Great bakery too, got cinnamon rolls as big as frisbees.. :)

This is THE place to go for breakfast.
Really!
Don't even think about going anywhere else.
You'll be sorry if you do.
The Cinnamon Roll french toast is unbelievable.
We went on a Sunday morning and it was getting a little crowded around 10am but the table turn over is fast so it doesn't take long to get one.
Awesome food, great service.
These days you can't ask for more!

not bad, not my favorite- comparable to ihop i would say.

Service excellent, food deserves 3.5 stars out of 5, but please, if you're never going to clean your coffee pots, don't bring them to the table to refil my cup!!!
Gross.
How much filth is in your kitchen if you can't even clean a coffee pot that we all see?

When you don't want to pay $19.99 for the breakfast buffet, this is the place to go for $5 breakfast specials.
In fact, I would only come here for breakfast.
Why waste money anywhere else when you can get yummy food for cheap.

I got breakfast at about 5am the waiter was polite and took our order promptly.
While waiting for our food I glanced over to the kitchen and saw 2 employees searching for insects with flashlights and spraying the kitchen and surrounding areas with an industrial bug sprayer.
Did I mention they were still making our food at the same station they were spraying?
If that wasn't enough to leave, they decided to spay the surrounding booths with said bug spray to the point in which my wife had to ask them to wait until we were finished with our food, that didn't take long because my wife and I were too disgusted to eat.
It's safe to say I wont be back

This Coco's was a goddess-send to me and the family during our summer trip to Las Vegas, simply put!
A short but sweet review follows..  First of all, the location was perfect.
The wife and I stayed at America's Best Value Inn right behind this little gem.
You couldn't have a more conveniently placed eatery.
Not only that, its located within an easy walk from the "Four Corners" area of Las Vegas Ave and Tropicana.
Secondly - its open 24hrs a day!
Craving breakfast at 5pm?
A t-bone steak at 4am?
THIS IS YOUR SPOT!
Thirdly - The food here is delicious!
The menu is varied and extensive...from cinnamon rolls as big as a plate to prime rib and everything in between!
Fourthly - The prices!
By Vegas standards, this place is a BARGAIN.
Breakfast specials from $5 on up?
I'm "all in!
"  The prices here are very reasonable, especially when your not in the mood to binge on buffets.
Fifthly - The service.
Every time me and the family dined here, the waitstaff was very attentive and friendly - just the way it should be.
Really... there's not much more I can say about this place other than, if your staying in Vegas and want good food, a varied menu and a great price... this is your place!
Enjoy!

Cocos is a haven of reasonable pricing and good breakfast in overpriced Vegas.
Good chicken fried steak!!
!Close to MGM.
Javier is awesome.

Thanks to Yelp, we found this little spot.
Close to the action, but just enough off the beaten path to give us a welcome break from all things Vegas.
Huge menu, kids eat free Sunday through Thursday, and a quiet alternative to the huge casinos.
Went back a second time during our Vegas trip.
Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner items were available when we went both nights.
Service was quick, which with hungry kids was VERY important.
Prices were very reasonable.
Much better than inside the casino, so make a short drive or walk from the MGM or Tropicana over here.
It will be a welcome break for your ears, your feet and your wallet.

Hey people Im from Denmark and had been at cocos on my holiday trip to the US.
They are just fantasic The food and the service were just perfect :) :)

Cuco's was the nearest restaurant that was near the inn and was opened at night.
My friends and i decided to go there to get a midnight dinner, after the long drive.
In the night, Cuco's has some people, but compared to the morning, it's between almost packed to packed.
A friend and I decided to share the nachos supreme or something with nachos and the meat on it was good.
My friend & I decided to share it because it was almost 1am in the morning.
The waiter that served us was the only waiter in the restaurant & he did helped us.
I would like to say that this place was good because they have one waiter for the night & their food is not bad.

The food came out Luke warm.
He ordered meat lovers omelet and I ordered the San Diego meal.
The potato pancakes were not even cooked.
It tasted like mush with raw batter inside.
Not to mention it was 32 min before our food came out.
The manager nicely heard our concerns and said "ok" and walked away.
Wtf?
They took off the items from our bill but man!
Sucky experience.

I've only been to Coco's for breakfast - but I've been several times, because it's good - a solid breakfast with good food and good service away from the casinos.
I highly recommend this place for breakfast - it's not too expensive, and the food and service are fine.
It's not a fancy breakfast - just a solid breakfast akin to some of the other chain breakfast places.
I particularly like the hash browns.

God bless Zenayda  I was so hungover.
I hate Coco's.
The one by my parents's house is disgusting.
But I was hungover and unfortunately it was Sunday so our only other options were expensive ass brunches.
No thank you.
This Coco's needs to hire new hostesses.
It was so busy on St. Patrick's day morning and the hostesses were clueless.
Maybe they were exhausted from partying the night before too?
I dunno.
lol.
There was this busboy that took charge and he pretty much seated everyone.
I used to be a hostess myself.
Shame on you girlies for not being on your A game.
Zenayda was a rockstar and kept the coffee coming.
I ordered a veggie omelette and holy guacamole it was HUGE.
I of course am a fatty and hungover so I ate all of it and it was so good.
Props to Jose in the back.
We had to pick up someone from the airport so she got us in and out of there super fast.
Poor girl she had such a busy section.
I watched as super picky people told the hostesses they kept wanting to sit in her particular section (I think she had the most booths).
Why do you people like booths?!
Booths are disgusting and uncomfortable gross.
Anyways this place was a lifesaver.
Drank enough coffee for three days, ate enough omelette for three days, and got out of there in like 30 minutes lol.
Thank you honey you made it possible for me to go through the rest of the day and party it up later for my birthday.

You know, the food was okay overall but my first 15 minutes here was painful.
There was a massive line-up upon walking in the door and no one to take our names and seat us.
After a long period of confusion, we realized that half of the line-up was for people trying to pay their bill.
I had to use Assertive Crystal and get us seated before I pulled my hair out.
Apparently Assertive Crystal scared the befuddled hostess and made a few waiting patrons angry, as I suspect we were seated too early.
Oops.
None of this should have happened.
Clearly the current staff are not cut out for this madness.
I had a very plain breakfast and somehow the toast wasn't good.
They put way too much butter in the center and the crust was a bit too hard and dry.
I didn't think you could screw up toast but it was the first time ever that I wasn't happy with it.
Everything else was acceptable and my spouse enjoyed his omelet.
His glass of orange juice was massive.
I thought the atmosphere and decor was a little weird.
They were prepared to celebrate Easter but it looked like the entire restaurant was decorated by a Kindergarten class.
Maybe it actually was.
We ate here because it was convenient and I'd only go back if that were the case again.

For a Coco's on the outskirts of Las Vegas Blvd, this was not bad.
I had the potato pancakes with sausage.
The potatoes were not very crispy and a tad mushy on the inside but the flavor was ok.
The sausage was delicious though!
Service was nice and attentive and refilled our coffees and waters often.

We stopped here one morning for some breakfast before heading out to Hoover Dam.
Cheap menu - lots of food for your money.
Staff was very friendly!
Highly recommend the cinnamon roll french toast!!
So it was delish!

I'm here so often because I'm staying very close to it.

Food, price, service was good.
It was very busy when we arrived but we're still seated promptly and served quickly.
Food was good except for the fact that their Mushroom&Swiss Omelette should of been called their Onion Omelette... way too many chunks of onion.
Otherwise, their classic breakfasts were good.
Expect better then Denny's that's for sure.

Ok this was a great place to go for good food and not horribly expensive food.
The wait staff were pleasant and the food was great.
I'm happy that I didnt have the same problems others seem to have with how busy it was.

To each his own, but I'll take Coco's over IHOP any day.
And this one was excellent.
Off the strip, parking is easy.
Service was very good.
Got me an omelette, very good.
But the best part was the blueberry muffin on the side.
Warm, excellent taste.
So good.
What a great alternative to the massively overpriced meals on the strip.
Try this place, you will be glad you did.

I'm pretty amazed at the service and the food.
Better than other 24 hour restaurants in Las Vegas.

Great food, great prices and clean.
We stayed at the MGM and walked there every morning for breakfast.
Great 4.99 breakfast special!

Coco's is probably one of your better bets in Vegas for an affordable breakfast in Vegas.
Aside from the "B" Food Safety Restaurant Inspection card rating (at the time of this review) posted at the cashier, this place seems to be pretty good and pretty affordable (no crazy inflated pricing) .
They even have an awesome deal on burger's and fries for $4.99 which is pretty damn hard to beat anywhere in Vegas.
This became my regular breakfast joint considering that I could get a bowl of quality steel cut oatmeal with blueberries, bananas, milk & brown sugar for a few cents more than a small cup of water with oats from the local Starbucks.
For a decent breakfast such as pancakes or french toast, it pretty much beats anything you'll find at your local casino in regards to value.
I mean it's not "gourmet" food but it gets the job done at a fair price.
The service is pretty good considering.
I never had any problems with the waitstaff, hostess or cashier.
This will be my regular go to breakfast joint when I feel like saving some cash in order to splurge on other cool stuff in Vegas.

Saw the great reviews on yelp and decided to try this place out since it was really close by to where I was staying.
I got the 12oz prime rib medium and was pretty disappointed because it was over cooked.
There's a huge difference between medium and over cooking it.
Nevertheless the bake potatoes was not bad and the server was nice.

I really liked thid place, as soon as we saw the menu we wanted everything on the menu.
Average breakfast is $7.50 which is more then fair and food tasted fresh and delicious!

Don't be fooled, Coco's has nothing to do with Ice T's wife.
Now that is out of the way, this is as grease spoon as it gets.
A decent amount of pretty sub-par food for extremely cheap.
We came down on a tight budget due to winning tickets to Vegas unexpectedly.
Since breakfast is the most important meal of the day, we had to find a place to eat.
I seen Coco's when I walked across the street to get a bottle of liquor the previous day.
My wife and I came here expecting cheap, greasy, fast food for cheap, which is exactly what we got.
I remember getting the San Diego Sunrise.
BLUH!!
What a shitty mess.
Ground chuck?
Is that what you call that?
Chipotle Holindaise.....That was pathetic.
Avacados?
Well, hard to mess that one up.
The whole thing overall was a culinary wreck.
The avacados wouldn't even stay on the patty because of the nasty slippery "holindaise".
The eggs were fine......I'll admit that, but the patty itself was nasty.
The next day we came here I went for a classic eggs, toast, sausage and pancakes.
MUCH BETTER.
There's that basic borring food I was looking for!!!
At least I could eat it and finish it, unlike that nasty stuff from the previous day.
Service was OK.  We had the same waitress both times we came here.
My wife had a really hard time keeping her coffee topped off and I had a hard time keeping water in my glass.
We had to keep waiving down other servers to help us.
In short, it's better than starving.....but not by much.

Ordered sirloin steak+shrimp scampi.
At $15, the price was appropriate for the food.
The steak itself wasn't bad and was cooked to order.
The scampi was OK- a bit too much sauce and kind of bland.
Unfortunately, the vegetables were steamed to death.
At least the service was good and attentive.
All-in-all Coco's is an average diner.

Very inexpensive breakfast option in Vegas near the strip.
I actually stayed next door at the Hooters.
I came here for a quick and filling breakfast.
Usually got a veggie omelet with home fries and Pancakes (instead of toast option which is awesome) , Portions were good and service was good.
Food came out pretty timely.
And I can honestly say the food was good.
The breakfast hit the spot after  a late night out drinking and gambling.
once again this is a good cheap breakfast in Vegas.
Never seemed to crowded so getting a seat and service was speedy..

Probably the least expensive food you're going to find in LV!
Had a delicious cobb salad that kept me going for the next leg of my roadtrip.

Love this place.
At breakfast here twice.
Consider yourself lucky if you have Yaeko as your waitress.
She is attentive and polite like none other.
All the food comes out perfect and is priced right.
Great spot.
Hard working staff.

Javier is an excellent waiter.
He is extremely attentive and generous.
Our breakfast was delicious.
Last night's dinner exceeded expectations as well.
Thank you!

Waitress was too busy.
Finally after my cup was empty for 10 mins she noticed and asked me if I need refill.
Food was good.
Like the style of the restaurant :)

Great breakfast excellent value for money and good service.
Only slow thing was getting coffee refills !
Thanks to Gladys for serving us

Wow this place sucks.
I've never been to a breakfast place that doesn't include toast or sides and charges you for jam!
It feels like you are eating in a garage and its pricey for not including anything at all on your bare plate with a small portion.
Go to Mr. Mama's instead it's cheaper and tastier.

First off - Prices on the menu photos here on Yelp are waaaay outdated... by like $2 an item!
I updated a page on the menu...
I forgot to do the whole menu before I left :(  Anyway - The food was okay.
I ordered an Avocado Bacon Burger on whole wheat which arrived with a pretty lame fruit presentation... but nonetheless, was great after the burger.
Our server always seemed hurried and only asked us if we needed something when he was running past us?
I don't get why servers do that?
Oh well...
If you're staying at the MGM, it's conveniently right behind the hotel and much better than the RIDICULOUS wait we had at Denny's... will definitely give it another go next time I'm visiting.

If you're staying at MGM, NyNy or anywhere around there, just go here for at least breakfast!
We all know that Vegas is a tourist trap and can get expensive.
Save your money for the gambling, clubs, drinks and the nice nights out and grab breakfast or lunch here.
Surprisingly extremely fresh food for "what you should expect" prices.
Fix your hangover with a short walk out of your hotel and grub out, and head RIGHT NEXT DOOR!!!
to the liquor store to grab your pregame/to-go drinks for the day.
So happy I saw this place out of my hotel window and decided to try it.
Between Coco's and the convenient liquor store next door, had to save us $80-$100+ for a 4 night stay.
If you know Vegas, you won't think that's an exaggeration

Decided to go here after having 2 bad meals at Hooters....food price & service was good...would so go again!

Really liked this place.
My server was really nice and the food was great..ill be back..

Cinnamon roll french toast is fantastic!!
Rather large and the boyfriend had the lumberjack special and that was a huge plate as well.
Highly recommended!

Our hotel was right by Coco's and we ate there every morning.
The food was great and affordable, which is a nice break in Vegas.
If Javier is working when you visit see if you can sit in his section.
We had lots of waiters, but he was awesome!
They also always make sure that your drinks are full.
My coffee was never less than halfway full.
They also have regular creamer and French vanilla crwamer.
Nice to have options.
Everything that we ate was delicious.
I suggest trying the whole wheat nut pancakes.
They are delicious and not always at the top of people's list.
They also give you A LOT of food.
You won't leave hungry, guaranteed!
Overall, it feels like a breakfast place from home.
The people are great.
The food is great.
The cost is great.
The location is great.
Also, I saw some reviews that said they had a "B" rating from the health board.
When I visited it was an "A".
(November 2013).
Eat here!

Gluten free pancakes, whole grain and nut pancakes, everyone is happy - no complaints = happy dad.
The restaurant is beat up seats ripped - very locals only.
Eggs and sausage are not as tasty as pancakes.
Overall very tasty

This is more like a Dees,or Denny's.
The food had no flavor.
We waited in line just to pay for more then 10 minutes  Not recommended

Well, its a Coco's!
I got what I expected:  Food, and a beer.
The appitizer was great, I was drunk so I didn't notice anyway if it wasn't.
Our server was pretty nice!
The place was right infront of my motel, so it was walking distance.
Thanks!

Food was alright.
Service was terrible.
Very unprofessional servers.
We walked in and expected it to be alright, 3 servers for a rather small place, so the idea of them being in the weeds is almost impossible, right?
Wrong.
Woman (wearing ridiculous makeup, don't know her name so that's what I am going by) sat us, and took my drink order, and not my fiancé's, and ran away, then it took us 15 minutes to get his drink from our actual server (Yaeko).
The other woman was extremely unprofessional, yelling across the restaurant several times and even at our server.
I wouldn't go back.

Our breakfast was amazing..The Omellette and Hash Browns were perfect and not greasy..good portions.... they were quick and friendly...exactly what you want in a breakfast...:)

Corned beef hash was excellent.
Pancakes were good.
Good service.
Sweet soul music playing in the background.
Clean bathrooms.
Very nice place off the strip to go eat breakfast.
Thumbs up!

sweet place.
The Omlete is well cooked and great service.
My mate took a dump in there

Service good, food OK and prices reasonable.
On of the cheaper breakfast options in LV.

After last day in las vegas my wife and i stop to grab some breakfast.
There was no long line to wait and we were seated quickly.
The services was good no complaint and the food was hot and an abundance of what we both ordered.
Overall inexpensive meal for 2 and tasted great.

Oh YES, baby...oh YES.
I just finished a two-day drive from Texas to back to Nevada after deciding Texas wasn't for me.
I'm temporarily in Vegas on a budget that doesn't allow trips to the big hotel restaurants, and I've had far too many Quarter Pounders With Cheese lately.
At the end of my two-day trip, I wanted a burger that TASTED LIKE A BURGER.
Out of the corner of my eye i noticed a Coco's withing walking distance.
I used to love them back in Silicon Valley.
I ordered the Western Bacon Cheeseburger and folks, it's the kind of burger you serve a guy who has just driven 1250 miles over the course of two days and needs a real burger.
Patty tastes like beef, fresh lettuce, fresh tomato, bacon, onion rings, Thousand Island,  served with fries...$10.50 "to go" and I AM LOVING it.
I know that during my one week stay here I WILL be back.
They had a sign up at the entrance for their Asian Chicken Salad and it looked MIGHTY tempting.
Comfort food at its finest, and I am  pleased to recommend this specific location.

Every member of the staff was smiling and quick to help each other - a great way to start the day!
So "what about the food?
"  This really can be "breakfast for under $10!
"  Unless you are an NFL player, a growing teenager, of jonesing for a mega hangover meal, the "basic breakfast" is more than enough food.
I enjoyed 2 eggs over easy, properly cooked shredded potato (aka hash browns), a turkey sausage patty, and two real sized pancakes.
Add a coffee with refills and a generous tip and I was under $10 (and still not hungry 6 hours later).

I'm sorry to say this, but the food tastes horrible at this place.
We had 3 different breakfast dishes and all of them were of poor quality.
The orange juice was from concentrate, the hash brownies had way to much wheat, the sauce was just greasy and the meat tasted rewarmed.
Sorry, but one star is the best I can do.

3.5/5: Awesome food and service for a great price  We couldn't help ourselves, and pulled in for some pies and breakfast, while we waited to pick up some folks at the airport!
1) Banana cream pie FTW!
Ah, so good :) 4/5 2) Fit and Lively Tomato Basil Omelette 4/5: Pretty good considering it is healthy--had to balance a healthy meal with an awesome slice of pie!

I meant to leave this review months ago, but life got in the way and I forgot.
Last 4th of July weekend (2013) my friend and I were in Vegas with our two middle school aged daughters.
Our daughters were competing in Grappler's Quest, and because we did fund raising with their competition team, we needed to stay somewhere cheap.
We stayed at the hotel next to Coco's, something we will never do again (see my review.
) On the morning of the girls competition we struggled to get ready to go, 4 ladies/young ladies in a hotel room the size of a postage stamp... we were running late and starving.
We knew getting anything to eat at Mandalay Bay would be tough and really expensive, and we were on foot...so even though Coco's looked packed, we thought we might ask about a to-go order.
We walked in and explained our situation to the hostess and asked if there was any way they could help us out with a fast order.
We told them we knew they were really busy, and we understand if they couldn't help, but we figured it wouldn't hurt to ask.
The hostess quickly spoke to a waitress and then let us know they would be happy to help us.
We ordered the breakfast special for each of us, I don't remember the price (possible 4.99) but it was a GREAT deal on paper (or painted in their window) but an even better deal when we actually saw how much food it was.
The waitress insisted we each order our special the way we wanted it (eggs, type of bread etc) rather than just making it simple and ordering them all the same way...she told us she wanted us all to enjoy our breakfast and be fueled up for the day.
So we ordered and then sat at the counter while waiting.
To our surprise, we were offered drinks on the house to enjoy while waiting.
Considering it was already over 100 degrees at 8:30 am, we were very very thankful.
The waitress then came and brought our check while we waited so the moment our food was ready we could get moving.
We were in and out of Coco's in 11 minutes during the breakfast rush on 4th of July weekend...AMAZING.
Once we reached the tournament and had a moment to eat while waiting for our matches to begin, we found that not only was the food GREAT, but the waitress had remembered EVERYTHING from ketchup and tabasco, to butter, syrup, napkins, flatware...and the icing on the cake...our receipt with a smiley face and "good luck today!
" written on it.
Seriously, hands down the BEST we could have ever hoped or asked for.
Coco's isn't in the best neighborhood, but it doesn't matter.
This place was clean, fast, amazing, and had a WONDERFUL staff who handled that crazy rush like it was no big deal.
I would NOT hesitate to visit Coco's, they have MORE than earned lifetime customers from us.

Great service, cheap food (a rarity in Las Vegas), and relatively tasty meals.
A great place to go to eat off a hangover.
We were seated right away on a Friday morning at 10:30.

I wasn't blown away by the quality of the food at Coco's, but it still holds a certain charm.
The waitress was in her 50's, had big hair, and called me 'honey' in her low smoker's voice; the decor was multitudinous -- flowers, knick-knacks, and pictures covered every surface in an effort to draw attention away from the fact that the building itself was in a sad state of disrepair;  I felt like I could have been anywhere in time.
It was late, and we were hungry.
I ordered chicken fingers with french fries.
The fingers were more breading than chicken and obviously came from a bag in a freezer, and the fries weren't very good either.
Liberal amounts of ranch dressing helped out.
My friend's Southwest scramble was a little weird too, and came topped with Asian fried noodles.
Whatever.
It was quick and easy.
We probably won't go back, but it wasn't a bad experience.

Pretty good quick eat.
I had the cinnamon roll French toast and it was flavorful, delicious and thick.
I found the bread crust to be rather thick but i guess that is to be expected with French toast.
It came with bacon which was cooked well, although I wish it came with two more pieces.
The orange juice tasted like it was from the concentrate but I also didn't ask before we ordered it.

Sold 3-stars.
It's Coco's, not some buffet on the Strip but it's right next door to the Motel 6 where I was staying, so there's that.
Coffee, hash and eggs and a wait a couple hours before an eight-mile obstacle race.
Not the best way to prepare, but at least I wasn't starving on the course.

We took a group of 45 there two mornings for breakfast and they were ready for us, served us quickly and cheerfully, and got us on the road asap!
The place was clean.
The breakfast was basic (a good thing).
The servers were fantastic.
It looked like it would be too small to accommodate our group, much less have room for anyone else, but they did and everything was great.
Thanks to the servers and managers here, you got our days off to a wonderful start!

Waking up after a loooooong night of partying in Vegas, my friends and I needed greasy food to cure our hangovers.
I turned on Yelp, and BAM there's Coco's right down the block from our hotel.
I called immediately and they were crazy busy (apparently everyone else was also hungover).
It took about 15 minutes for me to place an order to pick up since it was so loud and they had just changed their menu.
15 minutes later, we dig into our well deserved meal.
It was perfect.
I ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs.
The corned beef hash was much better than I expected.
It had flavor (although it could've used some hot sauce) and the eggs were poached nicely too.
It didn't come with any toast so I ordered a couple of biscuits.
They were not good.
Avoid if you can.
Otherwise, my friends all dug into the pancakes, eggs, bacon and sausage and there were zero complaints.
Coco's was reasonably priced and delicious.
If I'm in the area again, I wouldn't mind stopping back in for another hungover breakfast cure.

Super friendly service, nice homey, clean restaurant.
The Breakfast Special is EXCELLENT value for $4.99!
My teenage son got that - and when we come back we plan to ALL get it next time :)  The kids got the smiley face pancake... Because of the nuts in it, my daughter didn't love it, but she still ate it.
I got the Tomato & Mushroom breakfast from the Lean menu -- only 190 calories!!
Whoooo hooo!
;) But, in hindsight it wasn't the best choice or best value, since I'll likely be hungry again soon, with all the Vegas walking about the occur!
;)  Definitely a great spot to bring the kids and not spend a fortune!
Very happy we found this place (thanks to Yelp reviews!
) on day #1.
We will be back - probably tomorrow!

A true blessing to find close to the Tropicana.
Worth the walk.
Breakfast was fantastic and CHEAP!!!
Probably the best deal we had the entire time we were in Vegas.
Loved the pancakes and the eggs were SO FLUFFY!

The food that we got was okay seemed like it got cold sitting waiting to be brought to the table a few things were wrong that we ordered as well.
Just a normal diner atmosphere if u want something nice and plain after a hangover and before a long drive.

Wow!
I was expecting a Denny's quality of food or a Carrow's quality, and was in genreal prepared for meh.
But this shocked me!
It was sooo good!
Way above a Denny's or anything boring that I was expecting.
It was reasonably priced too!
The staff were very friendly and it came out quick and hot!
I will absolutely come here again.

Life this place and the workers!
Every time we come to vegas we HAVE to stop here at least once!

we were looking for a place to eat breakfast close to our hotel.
this diner happened to be right next to the howard johnson we were staying at.
we ended up going here for breakfast twice because it was quick, cheap, and tasty.
fair warning, weekend brunch hours are packed.

Deux petits dej la bas, le menu est plutôt varié, les pancakes sont bons et grands mais un peu bourratifs (possibilité de demander une box si on n'arrive pas à finir).
J'ai aimé le bacon, qui ici n'est pas crispy contrairement à certains dinners américains ou on a l'impression de manger du bacon frit.
Bref sans surprise mais bon et pas cher, c'est déjà bien!

gotten sick of overpriced food in the casino, saw the yelp reviews and decided to give Coco's a try, the ambiance is your average neighborhood IHOP kind of place, Ordered their everyday breakfast special for 5.99 which included 2 eggs, 2 sausage links, breakfast potatoes, toast and coffee...can't beat that price!
Food came out relatively quickly in about 10 min, Portions were good and fresh, we ordered the croissant too and that was good as well, our waiter Javier was very friendly and attentive , a really  good experience overall!
Would come back again

Food/Taste: A I ordered the Classic Breakfast Combos with two eggs (scrambled), hash browns, 4 strips of applewood smoked bacon and 2 freshly-made buttermilk pancakes.
The only thing left on my plate was a little bit of hash brown.
Everything was flavorful and tasted right on point!
There was a little too much fat on the bacon but I just ate around it.
Order Accuracy: A Everything came out as ordered.
Selection: A They have a very vast variety of dishes - breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert, kids menu and more!
Service: A The waitress that was taking care of us was very attentive.
Drinks stayed filled and she was around just the perfect amount to be attentive but not annoying.
Price: A For the taste of the food and the service - right on point!
For reference it's like iHop or Denny's pricing if not a hairline cheaper.

Breakfast here was great.
The multi grain pancakes were thick and delicious.
More importantly, the coffee was very good (especially compared to my hotel's coffee...
Ick!).
I paid $10 total for the meal.
The waitresses were very friendly and prompt.
The bathroom was clean.
The only downside is that the place does seen to get busy around brunch time.
I am looking forward to eating at Coco's again before my flight.
The restaurant is located between the Motel 8 and Hooters, in front of America's Best Value Inn.
Directly across the street is the MGM.

Food was great, service was friendly!
Happy hour was awesome!
Linda was our server and she was very sweet!
Ask for Linda

After our first day/night of pool partying & drinking in Vegas for EDC Week, my friend and I were in need of a good (budget friendly) brunch the next morning.
Yelp to the rescue with nearby recommendations!
We were staying at Aria and were able to walk to this off-strip diner... (though it was kind of a long walk in the heat).
Wait, there's a liquor store next door?
That doesn't cost an arm and a leg for a bottle of (good) tequila?!
DOUBLE SCORE!!
Walking in to CoCo's was like walking in to a mom and pop diner back home (Ohio) honestly.
You get the greeting like you're an old friend who knows where everything is.
Ordering was easy, the prices were friendly to our pockets and the servings were PERFECT!
We ordered brunch items and I cannot complain at all.
Again, this put me in the mind of the good mom and pop diners back home.
Service was attentive... never really had to wait long for anything.
I will definitely return to CoCo's during my next Vegas adventure.

Love this place.
Right next to motel 6.
Food, price and services were good.
Will come again for next trip.

This will be one of our top choices for Sunday breakfast when we come to Vegas.
Much better service and quality than the IHOP down the street where we had an awful experience.
Yaeko and staff were attentive and kept our drinks full.

Great gluten free selection.... best gluten free pancakes Angie and Sam have ever had!
Wonderful service too!

Disgusting dirty place!
Those who have said the food or service is good must be fake Yelpers, drunk or at another CoCo's.
Stale pancakes...burnt hash browns, but my omelet was ok.
Took about 45 minutes for the food to come out and it was semi warm.
I don't know what's worse...the food...the prostitutes...or the drug dealers in the parking lot.
Don't make our mistake...pay the extra money to eat somewhere clean and safe.
Oh...only gave one star because I had to...

