Jon shot my business photos over 2 years ago.
He did such a wonderful and professional job that I am still getting referrals as a result of the head shot he chose.
I'm planning to get updated shots done in 2010!

I had my first professional head shots taken by Jon.
They turned out wonderful.
He makes the shooting environment comfortable yet professional, letting you relax and enjoy the experience.
Most importantly, he knows what he's doing and it shows in the quality of his work.
I would definitely recommend him for your next shoot, whether it be portrait or event.
As an actor, I've quickly learned how important trusting the photographer is.
You can trust and communicate with Jon because he takes pride in his work.
Two thumbs up in my book.
Thanks Jon!

jon has been doing what he does best for many years; i did my first photo shoot with him about 9 years ago.
the pictures came out great and he was such a pleasure to work with .
fast forward to last april, i wanted to get some awesome pics of my daughter.
i'm not into studio pictures at sears or target, so i knew i had to have jon for the job.
i traveled down to phoenix from vegas to get my shots, and let me tell you, it was WELL worth it!
i LOVE my pictures of her!
he really knows how to capture the moment.
he was having so much fun with my daughter and made her smile, laugh, and really made her feel comfortable.
he is not only a great photographer, he's a really great person.
a few months later, i referred my girlfriend to jon for a maternity photo shoot.
after the shoot she told me she was thrilled with the pictures.
i was glad, because after all, i was the one who recommended him.
when i finally got to see her slideshow of pics from her shoot, i was BLOWN away!!
jon's creativity surpassed anything i had ever seen in a maternity shoot before.
the shots were simply amazing!
oh, and the cherry on top of all of this, is that his rates are so darn reasonable!
you will NOT be disappointed!

NY/LA-caliber talent right here in Phoenix, and we are so lucky to have him.
Jon Simpson is creative, funny, great to work with, and is the master of getting the best shot that reflects his subject's personality.
He has photographed my kids for years, always to rave reviews for the photo holiday cards.
And when I needed my business headshots done recently, he even made this camera-phobe look good.
Plus, he's got a funky studio right here in the heart of Arcadia.
Highly recommend!

I have used Jon on several occasions,for personal photos.Ive been very happy wirh his work!

A great photographer & a great guy.
Used him for my head shots and I was very happy with the pictures.
I highly recommend.

This is my first ever Yelp review and it is well overdue.
I chose Jon to do my business head shots earlier this year and could not be happier with the results!
Prior to shooting, I was nervous not only to be in front of the camera but also nervous about how well the pictures would turn out, as I do not consider myself to be photogenic (my main facebook photos are of the back of my head and my dog).
However, Jon has the professionalism and friendliness to put even the most novice subject at ease - and he took so many great shots that it was hard for me to narrow down my prints!
The quality of Jon's photos and personal service was far beyond what I would have expected.

John took photos of our large family reunion, and they turned out great.
He's also very friendly and personable.
I would highly recommend him.

I would have to say my husband and I are very disappointed about the professional photos Jon took for me, which I had planned to use for my upcoming job application.
We searched Yelp and found him with all good reviews which made us decide to go to him for these very important pictures.
The results are very disappointing!
Jon seems to be a friendly person, except that in the beginning he tried to deny a Yelp deal that we purchased, as he claimed the deal is for family photos only, which was NOT said in the deal description when we purchased.
Anyhow he accepted the deal we bought eventually.
However, it turned out to be a terrible experience.
First of all, his studio is in his house, or maybe more specifically, in his garage.
Certainly it is not fun to take a one-hour-photo-shoot at such a place when the temperature is over 100 outside and there is limited air-conditioning in the garage.
He had to use a fan trying to make it cooler.
But most importantly, his technique is not very impressive at all.
My green dress turned out to be blue in my photos!
The skin tone of my face in the pictures turned out to be uneven, despite the fact I was put on make-up by professional beauty artist.
Also, his so-called touch-ups of the pictures are awful, that he didn't even try to take the shines on my face away!
--- As a matter of fact, I don't think those pictures we purchased have been touched up at all!
I am not sure if he is good at taking family pictures as other claimed in the reviews, but if you go for professional head-shots, I won't recommend him at all.
It will be a total waste of your money and time!

Jon is friendly, professional, and efficient.
I met with him for head shots to use on my various social media profiles before the start of law school.
Found him on Yelp with a good deal, and couldn't be happier with the results.
My public image is MUCH more professional and surely a worthwhile investment for years to come.
Thanks Jon for your excellent service!

I've used Jon's services for a professional headshot a few years ago, and I STILL get compliments on it.
He's a fun & talented guy who's track record speaks for itself.

