Doing a total renovation of a house means we've worked with several different tradesmen during the past year.
We've had our share of contractors who don't show up, show up late, don't return calls, or who do sub-standard work.
Which is why we know a good contractor when we find him.
Chris and his crew were fantastic:  showed up when they promised, did a beautiful job (a texture job on both new and existing drywall), and cleaned up thoroughly afterwards.
We couldn't be happier.

In the early part of 2013, I was looking for a contractor primarily for popcorn removal, drywall repair and texturing, as well as painting.
As Chris pointed out, having a single contractor do the drywall work and the painting work avoided finger pointing that could otherwise occur when something was not right at the end.
He gave me a good price for that work and also helped me avoid the need to find a framer to extend a closet because, given the minor work required, he could do that for me, too as long as I provided the measurements I wanted.
I found him in the local HOA newspaper, but his arrival early to provide the walk through and estimate as well as his professionalism was what cause me to select him.
Because I travel a lot, I was not able to be there to let him in each day, but my father-in-law who offered to do so was delighted that he was never late and often he and his crew were early.
This enabled my father-in-law to get on with his own day and demonstrates the respect the contractor has for his customers.
When a water leak was found in a wall, a lot of contractors would've just moved on assuming it would not be discovered until later.
Not Chris of Match All Drywall.
He pointed out the issue, redirected his crew to other work at my place, and allowed me time to get a plumber to come out and fix it before he proceeded.
A job goes so much smoother with good contractors like Chris.
5 stars and strong recommendation to friends/family and the world.

I had a great experience with Chris and his crew.
They repaired the work done by a  previous drywall company, and they also applied a smooth finish over my Santa Fe texture in my 50's ranch (approx 1700 sq ft).
Chis is the kind of guy you can count on, and his crew does a great job.
I noticed a few fine cracks about a week after the job, and Chis sent a few of his guys over and repaired the cracks free of charge.
Everyone comments on how smooth my walls are- and I would highly recommend Chris to anyone needing a drywall professional.

