Apple Store is now in Arrowhead Mall on the lower floor, not far east of the food court in the middle of the mall.
Pleasant service, and they don't have the traditional checkout lines - instead the employees can ring you up on a little mobile device and email your receipt to you.
Cool.
Pricey though.
$30 for a simple jack so I can plug in my iTouch?
Come on.
$35 for flimsy plastic protector?
Come on.

I would like to start off by saying that I was never a fan of Apple or Apple products in the past.
Several of my friends raved about their IPod Touches and after some time i broke down and took the plunge!
Well less then two months into my relationship with this insanely addictive device I hit a snag.
I wen to charge up the battery for a not so exciting four hour flight cross country when the pod wouldn't recognize the USB cable.
To say I was unhappy would be a huge understatement.
I took my flight with a broken Touch dead as a door nail.
As soon as I got back home i went to the Apple on-line store and made an appointment the very next day to find out why my 45 day old device has already hit FAIL.
After being a dumbass and walking by the store I missed my schedule appointment time of 11:40am.
The guy holding a working device told me however I was in luck, and to come back in 30 minutes and "we'll get this thing fixed!".
I found some much to look at in the store I didn't even have to leave.
When my time hit they called me over and down to business we got.
The girl who took care of me was as good as they get when it came to greeting me and making me feel as if it will be all right.
After running some tests on the device and the cable, it turned out the cable was defective and not the Touch.
In under ten minutes she gave me a brand new cable and I was on my way.
Now although I was real unhappy about being able to use my Touch on the flight the day before, the fine folks at the Arrowhead Apple Store made things right!
Top notch to them...This experience has changed the way I view the Apple brand.
Thank you.

Going to the Apple Store is one of my favorite things to do.
They have most of their products on-hand for you to touch and completely play with before purchasing.
I own pretty much every product in the store because the quality is excellent & you actually get what you pay for.
Yes, it is a bit more expensive than other computer stores or random middle-of-the-walkway cell phone case kiosks, but to me it's more than worth it.
If you want personalized attention, book a shopping appointment.
I would also recommend to book that appointment on a late week night or early morning; this store on weekends is an absolute zoo and it is really hard to get to the products you want or even think straight when it's crowded.
I know that's out of the employees hands, so just be sure to book appointments during non-peak days and hours to get a super personal experience.
The employees that will help you for your shopping appointment are great: they are friendly and know the products well so they will be able to answer your questions and point you into the right direction.
The Genius Bar (tech support) is excellent.
I've used it a couple of times for my MacBook Pro & iPhone and they have always solved my problems very fast and friendly.
They know what they are doing and go straight to the point, all with a smile.
They go above and beyond to fix your tech issues and do whatever they can to help you out.
Just a reminder that you do have to make an appointment with the Genius Bar so be sure to make the appointment online before you go into the store.
The only reason why this store is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is that the store is very small and gets crazy busy on weekends.
It's also kind of difficult to purchase a product on a weekend if it's super busy & you don't have a shopping appointment since there are no cash registers to walk up to and the employees usually have their hands full.

1:20 pm, I enter the Apple Store Me to Apple Genius Guy: My ipod isnt working right it keeps pausing on its own randomly.
Apple Genius Guy: Let me talk a look at it for you.
(walks to the back, emerges shortly after) It's either the headphones or the headphone jack.
Try new headphones first.
Here's a free set.
Me: Thank you!
1:24 I left the store.
No more issues with my Ipod!
Can't get any better than that!

It's a full Apple store...it doesn't get better than that.
Very crowded (all the time) so expect to wait a bit if you need to ask a staff member a question.
Make sure to make a reservation for the genius bar online before going to the store!

I bought my first Apple MacBook Pro here a few months ago and it was a great experience.
The staff at this store are very knowledgable and are ready and willing to help.
The Apple products are also top notch too.
I would not give this store a full 5 star rating because the store is always crowded, which is good for business, but it is mostly young kids playing on the computers and getting in the way.

It was my first time coming to this particular Apple Store.
I was very pleased that i was able to get a same day reservation and was seen within seconds of walking into the store.
Very unusual for a Apple Store and it was a Saturday evening.
Maybe I was just lucky in that aspect.
Overall I had a great experience.

So I'm writing a review on the Apple Store ~ seriously?
~Yes, I must tell the world about my shopping experience ~ belch...  ~No, it's a complete waist of time dude.
After all it's the Apple Store (angelic voices are singing in unison ~ "aaauuuuhhhh")  ~Yes, I must let everyone know that this store's service has lost it's sizzle on the hizzle.
~No, it's still a waist of time dude.
Most peeps really don't care about the service ~ for it's an Apple Store with iPhones and stuff!!
~Yes, I must tell the masses about how they could receive better service by searching on line, talking in chat rooms and by YouTubing or Googling their questions.
~No, dude, for the last time it's the Apple Store!
Most people don't even noticed their poor service because they are their to play with and buy an Apple product.
OK then, I won't write a review about the poor service in this Apple Store that is located in the Arrowhead Mall.
But I will write about how they do have some really cool MacBooks, iPhones, iPads, AppleTV, etc.
There are some very good people in this Apple Store that are very friendly and knowledgeable.
The key is to find them amongst the rest which are not very helpful....

Perfect!
I dropped my iPod touch the other day and it cracked.They gave me a new one for $99!
Service was quick and easy!
I had warrenty, of course, but it was so quick and simple.
I just walked in, asked one of the employees what I could do about it, and he told me I could get a new one for $99.
So I did it.
It is also just a great store with great service and assistance.

Love going to this apple store to shop or just look around, only minor complaint is it is way too crowded.
Apple, but one of the stores next to you, and use it's space to free up a little room.

Thank you Reid for your amazing patience and your great multi-tasking!
You saved my pictures!

As you walk into the corridor you hear that music that plays in movie when Flash Gordon appears.
Then you see all of the white heavenly objects that do all the things that dreams are made of.
ohhhhhh Apple, how do you do the things you do.

When you're a fan of the driods, it's not often that you wind up in the Apple Store, went with my hunny and his son,  the man just bought him the Iphone 5 32blah blah blah and was already having issues with it, and the boy well his phone just needed a little lovin to get to working right.
So they set appointments and we headed off to the Apple Store.
1st impression, not impressed, could be that I'm just not into Apple/Mac products  (don't worry, in my house 2 out 4 use the iphone so not everyone thinks like me)   We checked in and were told were to sit for the tech to come find us, a tech came up to my hunny, asked what was the issue, seem not interested in hearing about the problem or even about having to help him out, and from their it just got worst, her lack of caring about customer satisfaction was very clear, did he leave without his issue resolved, yep sure did, he is going back at another time  While my hunny was dealing with her, another tech came up to jr and he was very professional and helpful, ran a few test on it, cleaned the speakers and what not, got the phone to work faster, so this tech was helpful  So customer service is 50/50 and they seem not to care if your issue didn't get fixed.
Apple Store ya just don't impress me......

This seems to be one of the busiest Apple stores anywhere, however everyone was extra friendly and helpful here (yeah, all Apple stores are really helpful, but this one especially so).

Not the biggest Apple store I've ever been to but this place is almost always busy.
We had to get our Mac's hard drive replaced and that was the first time we used their Genius service.
We were in and out pretty quick.
I think the key is just to be patient.
Lots of people go there w/o making appointments and although I'm sure they do their best to get you in at your appointment time, they can't always control who goes in w/o an appointment.

Am I allowed to write anything negative against The all Mighty Apple??
Probably not so I will give them a good review.lol.
I just recently purchased a Imac after years of debating.
I was scared to make the switch from PC to Mac but I'm so glad I finally did!
I do a lot of car photography with editing in LR4 and PS5 and the Mac is the only way to go.
When I purchased my Mac I also purchased a year of One to One, basically Mac classes.
This is the closet Apple store to me and I've been coming here a few times a week for classes.
I had always had a good experience with the trainers and anyone else that works here.
It does get super busy on weekends though, but you can still move around.

Best Apple Store in the country.
Their staff helped me out when my Mac was not working well.
THANK YOU!

I MURDERED my two month old touch IPOD that I got for Valentine's day.
I dropped it and the screen just broken into million pieces.
I still worked and you could potential get cut from the little pieces of uneven glass.
I was so mad at myself.
=(  I scheduled an appointment (online is EASY).
I got there on time and a apple person stop me mid-store to talk if I needed help.
I told her that I had an appointment, so she found me and checked me in.
Told me to sit in this chair and so-so will be with me.
So you are sitting with 3 other people that need help.
WIthin 3 mins the apple genius person came to introduce himself and listen to my issues.
He said ok, we can replace that with a new ipod for $99.00 +tax.
He advise to update or upload everything to icloud so we can get the one set up.
Since I only loaded music on it, I didn't have to move anything to the icloud.
I didn't have a chance to play with it (so sad).
Within 20 mins, I got a brand one ipod and off on my way.
Happy the service was fast and friendly, but the amount of people there working or waiting for help is crazy.
Like bees buzzing everywhere when I was sitting in the chair and waiting for help.
Happy with my ipod but it lives in a bubble now.

The tech was able to transfer everything from my iPhone 4S to the new 5 using iCloud, the only reason why I gave them 4 not 5 stars was due to the wait, even with an appointment.

Made an appt.
for the Genius Bar online, showed up and waited 5 minutes.
That's it!
Sean came right out, listened to my problem, diagnosed it and fixed it!
Out in under 30 minutes!!!
Much better than my experience at the Scottsdale quarter location.
Thank you sean!!

This Apple store is always busy.
and the stuff is great, I love this place

The new iPad is in the apple store now.
My st are for the Apple store itself not the iPad I went in to check out the new iPad I have the iPad-4 with the A6 chip, I can't see the speed difference that much with the new A7 cHIP but they're both nice items I think you'll be just as happy with the IPAD 4.
The new one is a little thiner no big deal, Once you edit protecting case you can no longer tell the difference.

In Nd out...almost....seems like they were behind...
I had an appointment, but I still had to wait about 15 minutes...but good things come to those that wait: I was able to replace my iPhone cord for free.
Even though they were busy, I still felt comfortable as I browsed the displays of the ne iPads and iPad minis.
I also browsed the accessories department...too, too, too many new shiny objects...hahahhaha  I noticed that the One to One tables were busy also.
I will probably always be a Mac user for this one reason: I can ALWAYS get help with my systems.
My only complaint is that the locations are so few and far between in this Valley of the Sun...

I came in to check out an unlocked iPhone, because I need to buy an unlocked phone for traveling overseas.
The place was jam packed and there looked to be about 20 people working today.
Regardless of the chaotic appearance, I was helped almost immediately and given excellent customer service.
Juan was my sales assistant and is much of the reason I will return to buy their products (as soon as I'm ready to turn to the dark side).
If you are looking for products, or need assistance, this store is your go-to place.
Get rid of the angst of walking through a mall full of millenniums.
The service you receive will be worth it!

