I was lucky enough to meet up here with Christina P for lunch yesterday.
The menu is currently the same as the other beach house with soft tacos, burritos and hot dogs.
They are are planning to add tamales to the regular menu and we got to try a sample of pork tamale and it was tasty.
I got the three tacos for $5 and a lemonade for $3.
There are several flavors of lemonade but I got the plain.
I got one each of fish, carne asada and chicken.
They were all tasty and I tried some of both the green and red sauces on them.
One thing I noticed is the meat didn't stand out on any of them and there was very little taste difference between the three.
All the ingredients were fresh and there was nothing soggy.
I thought the lemonade was good.
They have only been open a week and of course the place is spotless.
The two employees we dealt with were very pleasant.
I always carry cash which is a good thing because that is all they take.
There is an ATM in the lobby.
I haven't been to their other location but I am told it is much smaller.
Inside there were 5 2tops and some stools with a couple of tables outside too.
The tables would seat 3 or 4 (cramped) so I think they should have a couple of additional chairs.
Overall I see it as a good neighborhood place to grab a quick bite to eat but certainly not a destination

I went in expecting a very nice fish taco, but the porridge/mush that passed for fish was fishy and nasty... how's that for the start of a review?
Ok, the place is nicely enough furnished if you think a la chuy's or chipotle's metal furnishings but with more crap on the walls.
It's clean, the people were pleasant and nice and the counter service fine.
The wife ordered a hotdog, i'm sure she'll review that.
I wasn't impressed.
But let's get to the rest of the food.
I ordered the 3 pack of tacos for $5.
Ok price.
Green beef, pork and fish.
All of them came wrapped in aluminum foil with sticky but cold flour tortillas and the same mess of cabbage, tomato and white and yellow cheese.
All were freezing cold which made the meat luke warmish.
They were all a miss for me.
I would not step back in this place for a taco.
Fatty pork is fine, if its cooked nicely, but this was not.
Green beef was ok, as long as I piled the pretty good tomatillo salsa over it.
The fish...let's leave it at ugh.
If this is their specialty, it's over already.
This is Sunnyslope, and with the authentic delicious taco and burrito choices around here, this place is only competing with the tacos across the street at Jack in the Box, and I would probably eat those before I'd touch another one of these, it was that bad for me.
Sorry, hippies.
This wasn't good.
If you are going to come into a Mexican part of town you'd better bring the meat to compete.
You are far outclassed in taco land.
So, after some thought I decided rather than just pan the place, I'm giving suggestions:   1. use a paper or wax paper between the aluminum and taco, or you have a mess.
2. do something with that too cold cabbage/cheese/tomato 3.  grill the fish and don't smother it / chop it up.
make sure its fresh.
4.  get a better cut of pork, go organic (maybe it is), season it better 5.  keep the happy people in front, they were nice 6.  don't blend your lemonade with ice, it was awful and too sweet 7.  quit buying your chips at Costco, those round ones suck 8.  do something with the guacamole, it was ok just being avocado and lime, but it was pureed.
keep it chunky.
9.  get more input from your mexican chefs, they probably know what is wrong 10.
Both the red and green salsas were good, just need a taco to go with it.

I couldn't have been more disappointed with my first venture into a Two Hippies.
My husband and I rushed home to see who could hammer this place on Yelp first (he beat me).
I ordered a hot dog because I love hotdogs.
This one was large and cheap, but the flavor was mostly salt, and it looks boiled, which did nothing to improve it.
The bun was excruciatingly hot, and as soon as it cooled enough to eat, was excruciatingly tough and chewy (either overly steamed or overly microwaved).
Hot dog alone would have earned 2 stars, but unfortunately I tried to share the hubby's tacos...  eeeewww, the fish mush tacos were downright nasty.
Seriously, they were not just lacking good qualities, they had a mushy texture and bad taste.
The pork in the pork tacos was fatty, chewy, and overly marinated.
The green beef was tolerable, but nowhere near pleasant.
Overall a bad food experience and I came home hungry enough to pig out on Christmas cookies.
Atmosphere is fine, place is clean, service quick and pleasant - but that does not make up for the food.

If Castle boutique and camelback were not at the front door I would have never known that I was in Phoenix.
Seems like something right out of Baja.
This place reminds me of some of the dive places that I have been in Mexico on the beach.
So if you are looking for Fast Food at reasonable prices that tastes great you should check it our.
Best part is that you don't need the Imodium after the meal like in Mexico.
The day that I went had a green chicken taco special and I hope that stays one the menu.
I liked it much better then the bean and cheese or carne asada taco.
They also have a great selection of lemonade with flavors that I have never heard.
Make sure to bring cash... that is all they take!

Ran across this place while running errands today.
I felt like I was in Newport Beach or something.
Got the 3-pack tacos for $5:  what a deal!
The owner, Andy, came out to welcome us and ask how everything was.
Very friendly guy, and funky little neighborhood place.
They use mostly AZ products and try to go organic for their produce which is a big plus.
Check it out if you head over that way.

It's always a good sign to see a line at a lunch spot.
Tacos were pretty good, my least favorite of the ones I tried was the fish, not that is it wasnt good, just that there are others I prefer.
Beans were just plain ole pinto beans.
All in all a good stop with good food and the price is just right for lunch.

A cup of Ice for $3!
Are you Kiddin' me?
Three tacos for $5 is a good deal!
A can of Soda for $1 not a bad deal...
But when you order the lemonade for $3, it's 95% crushed ice & comes with a cute little umbrella in the straw, well this part is a "rip off!
" "Seriously!
"  I usually order differnt Tacos & they are good!
All the ingredients are fresh...The  fish, carne asada and chicken are my favorites.
The green and red salsas are tasty.
Also freshly made  If I didn't feel so ripped off on the lemonade, & I've made this mistake several times, I would give this place Five Stars!

Well, I was gonna write a review of this DUMP but then I saw Aaron A's review and think it'd be better just to re-post his horrible review!!!
(how's that for a first line of a review, Aaron A?
)  "...
I would not step back in this place for a taco.
Fatty pork is fine, if its cooked nicely, but this was not.
Green beef was ok, as long as I piled the pretty good tomatillo salsa over it.
The fish...let's leave it at ugh.
If this is their specialty, it's over already.
(no more lines waiting, I see that much...)  "This is Sunnyslope, and with the authentic delicious taco and burrito choices around here, this place is only competing with the tacos across the street at Jack in the Box, and I would probably eat those before I'd touch another one of these, it was that bad for me.
"SORRY HIPPIES.
THIS WASN'T GOOD.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO COME INTO A MEXICAN PART OF TOWN YOU'D BETTER BRING THE MEAT TO COMPETE.
YOU ARE FAR OUTCLASSED IN TACOLAND.
"  (Bold mine)  "So, after some thought I decided rather than just pan the place, I'm giving suggestions:   1. use a paper or wax paper between the aluminum and taco, or you have a mess.
2. do something with that too cold cabbage/cheese/tomato 3.  grill the fish and don't smother it / chop it up.
make sure its fresh.
4.  get a better cut of pork, go organic (maybe it is), season it better 5.  keep the happy people in front, they were nice 6.  don't blend your lemonade with ice, it was awful and too sweet 7.  quit buying your chips at Costco, those round ones suck 8.  do something with the guacamole, it was ok just being avocado and lime, but it was pureed.
keep it chunky.
9.  get more input from your mexican chefs, they probably know what is wrong 10.
Both the red and green salsas were good, just need a taco to go with it"  ------------  BE SURE TO LOOK FOR ALL THE FLIES THEY HAVE IN THE KITCHEN DURING THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Ugh.
HORRIBLE FOOD.

My boyfriend and I have been wanting to check out a  Two Hippies joint for quite some time, but it's usually after we just ate somewhere else.
Today, we were out running errands and got hungry so decided to come here.
I'm glad we did!
I had the pesto-mayo/feta/etc hot dog.
It was delicious, and they put two dogs in a bun, so it's a ton of food.
I've been jonesing for a good hot dog ever since Maui Dog closed, and this will probably be a good replacement for it!
They throw in a little bag of chips too, I got regular Sun Chips, but my boyfriend stole them from me.
I also had a frozen lemonade, with passionfruit.
First taste and it reminded me of another thing I miss dearly, Fruitopia!
My boyfriend had just a plain hot dog.
He got ketchup and mustard for it too.
He enjoyed it, but I think he secretly liked my dog better.
He got FunYuns as his chip choice, but regretted it so I ended up eating them.
All in all, $10 spent on a good amount of food.
You can BYOB there too, which is awesome.
I think next time we go we'll be bringing some kind of drank.

Hey come on its a beach taco shop.
stick with the chicken, beef or pork tacos.
great price decent serving size.
You can have it with the cabbage, beans and rice inside the taco or leave it out.
Its a quick bite to eat.
its not a biog date night here.
i stop in every now and then mostly at lunch when i don't have a lot of time or $$ and i just need a quick bite to hold me over till supper.

I'm new to area and saw this place driving by one day, so I stopped.
The owners were working and walked me through their menu.
I had the green chili beef burrito.
It was HUGE and delicious!
I see a lot of reviews from the past saying they don't accept credit cards but they now accept credit cards!
Stop by and check them out!

