This is my local Chinese and I am a big fan of coming here.
Upon walking in, if you are getting takeaway, you will be sat down in some comfortable chairs with some sweets and magazines to wait for your food to arrive.
This will not take long and the ordering is a pleasant experience.
If you are getting a takeaway there are two things I would point out.
The first is that if you can order for as many people as possible.
There are always different offers on for spending different amounts of money starting at £9 and if you have a decent amount of people you can usually get a reasonably large amount of stuff chucked in for free.
In addition you might want to do what we do, which is to chuck rice on and then come down to get the takeaway.
The rice from here isn't particularly cheap, but everything else here is brilliant value for money.
You really can't go wrong with the prices here.

I have been here 4 times now and it gets better all the time!
I have sofar only had the Hot Pot (Spicy) and this I can fullheartingly recommend to anyone.
It works with any meat, fish or vegetable.
They have nice round tables that can sit up to 10 people.
You are encouraged to share.
The dishes are coming in think and fast.
There is a condiment table where you fill your bowl with chili, onion, soya, sambal, sate sauce etc...
The Hot Pot is served in the middle of the table (individual or couple pots are available) the more you boil the more flavours develop!
They have cutlery available but I would encourage you to use the chop sticks, feels more authentic that way.
- all your usual chinese beers are availabe and also local brews.
Wine and sake for the people who are more partial to this.
However with a hot pot you should drink some jasmine tea.
It cleanses and tastes delicious.
Regulars can get a 10% discount on anything (food) they order, so it pays to visit often.

Meh indeed.
I have only had Hotpot in this restaurant so this review was only based on that.
Average soup, average sauce and very limited choose of meat and veg.
Good service.
You can definitely get better hotpot in Edinburgh.

