I bring these donuts in to work quite a bit and always get rave reviews.
They are so fresh and so much better than any store bought ones.
The service is always good.
They also have a great selection.
I highly recommend them.

This place is fantastic.
The donuts are fantastic especially the mini crullers (Sunday only - get there early!).
The staff is wonderful and always interact with my kids and give them something special.
It's a personalized service you just don't get from the large chains.

I'm the kind of guy who just cant get my day started without a cup of black-as-tar coffee, and nothing compliments coffee better than a good donut!
Sweethearts has a great variety of many delicious donuts.
Of course Walmart, Fry's, Safeway, and the like all have bakeries, but none compare to the selection and quality of Sweethearts.
Service is always excellent as well!
Although their donuts aren't the cheapest, I'll remain a loyal customer as long as prices don't creep any higher.

The workers there are always super friendly!
Not only that, but their donuts are so tasty and fresh!
They have a biggg variety.
You can usually get a dozen for $9.00   :)  I'm a regular there now

Ok so Im a resident here in anthem our family has 3 kids.
My friend told me about this place before I even moved up here,which used to be a resident also.
At first I was sceptical about trying a hole in the wall donut shop in anthem, but omg!
best donuts I have ever had!
I've had alot of donuts even in other states,and this place by far is the best ever!
But be careful cause these donuts are easily addicting!
I would actually go to the gym and hit the donut shop on my way home.
The staff is great!
they practically know our family by name which is pretty impressive!
Highly recommended!
= )

Custard filling is bland.
Also, lately their donuts have been making my tummy sick.
First time I thought it was me then bought more later in the week and sure enough my tummy was very upset again.
I ended up throwing nearly a dozen donuts away.

Very nice ...and wonderful donuts!

This has to be my favorite donut place (maybe just after Rainbow Donuts off Greenway and Cave Creek Rd).
There's a huge selection, they always taste fresh.
Only negative is that sometimes it's hard to understand the workers because some aren't native English speakers.
So I've gotten a wrong order before.

Great doughnuts.
The people are friendly and place is always clean.
I bring them too work and everyone loves them!

Great donuts, nice people, excellent prices.
Just a terrific no-nonsense donut shop that's got great variety.
Four stars instead of five just because the atmosphere could use a little spruce up, no music playing, etc.

The doughnuts are fantastic!
Ordered a giant birthday doughnut.. and my car smelt like sugar the whole way home, it was perfect.
Customer Service was friendly.
I'd go out of my way to stop here, it's that yummy.

One of the best donut shops I have been to.
Great service and fresh food all the time.
Breakfast sandwiches are also amazing and they donate donuts to teams and charities giving back to the community.

Just moved into the area and found this gem!
Friendly, great selection, good prices AND THE SECOND BEST DOUGHNUTS I'VE EVER HAD.
Definitely stop in here.
Busy on weekend mornings obviously!

try the apple fritter, it's muuuhhhhneeeeyyyy!

Great donuts very friendly staff good selection and prices also very clean.
Would highly recommend.

These donuts are the best i've ever had.
The donuts are soo soft and fluffy and delicious.
Definitely come here for donuts, you won't regret it.

My daughter drags me out of bed for this sugar bombs of a breakfast food!
Special order a giant donut, awesome for any and every occasion!
We get them for dinner sometimes!

Great tasting donuts...the French vanilla cappuccino is a little overwhelming with sugar...friendly staff

This place is wonderful!!
Such a great selection.
We drive a distance just to enjoy these donuts, and well worth the drive.
Dunkin Donuts has nothing on these guys!

We are newer to Anthem and finally stopped in to pick up some donuts.
The donuts were so fresh and way better than Dunkin Donuts!

I love these donuts.
So do the kids!
They are very nice folks too.
My middle son loves the glazed donuts and I love the croissants.

Love this place!!!
Yummy!!!
Friendly owners/staff.
Open early!
So, get there early to get the best hot doughnuts before someone else beats you to it!!
Good coffee!

We love this place.
Great donuts.
We recently was in and ordered the egg, bacon, cheese bagel breakfast sandwich.
Oh my was that good.
Always a hit bringing these donuts into the kids classroom.

Tried this place for the first time.
The maple bars are incredibly soft and delicious.
My wife has very high donut standards and even she said this was right up there with some of the best we've ever had.
There seemed to be a wide variety of treats available here, but we just had the maple bars.
Darn, we'll have to go back now...

