Great Laundromat!
Comfortable surroundings and nice people.
I'd almost go just for the free popcorn.
And the Speedqueens make my clothes just right!

Came here from out of town.
Looked like it might be a good deal.
However, one machine ate one quarter and wouldn't accept any more.
I talked to the attendant and was told I would have to talk to the owner and be reimbursed the 25¢ at the end of the month.
The attendant didn't know when the owner would be stopping by and it might not be while I'm here at the laundromat.

I went to Wash N Wear Laundromat for the first time three months ago, and have been meaning to leave a review since.
My mom and I were on a mission for a nice, cheap laundromat, and Ginny's Wash House wasn't going to cut it.
Based on the reviews of this place, we stopped in, and were really impressed.
We were immediately greeted by the staff, and when we spoke with the owner (I am almost positive his name is Jason...but maybe it is James.
Shoot, I'm not sure.
I'm sorry!
), he was insanely helpful.
We had a several blankets/comforters to wash, and Jason helped us pick the best sized washers for the each of them.
Wash N Wear has several different sized washing machines, and a huge number of dryers, so I was glad to have been a recipient of the tour.
I may have been overwhelmed, otherwise.
The landromat seemed very clean, even though the owner apologized for it being "dirty" since they were doing some renovations.
Not sure what dirt he was talking about, because we were pleased.
The temperature was pleasantly surprising, as well.
I hadn't considered it until my mom pointed it out-- what with so many machines, you'd think this place would have been stuffy.
Not the case at all, there was nice air movement, and it was not too hot/cold.
It pleased the Goldie Locks in me.
(ha!
)  When all was said and done, we spent just over $8.00 at Wash N Wear.
And holy cow, what a deal!
If we had taken the comforters to the dry cleaners, it would easily have been over $60.
No issues here, from beginning to end.
A+ for convenience, cleanliness, friendly staff, and nice temperature.
Next time I need a laundromat, this will definitely be the one I go to.
Thanks Wash N Wear!

