Living in Georgia, I was a huge fan of Regal Cinemas and disappointed there were no locations in Arizona.
I enjoyed their loyalty card more so than AMC.
Since living in AZ I have found Harkins to be a suitable replacement.
They do not have the loyalty card, which earned free drinks, pop corn and movie tickets, but they do have the loyalty cup for $5 per year and the t-shirt for $20 per year.
I don't receive free movies, but I do get $1 soda and free popcorn, which makes up for lack of a card.
This theater is conveniently located at the San Tan Mall - which means lots of shopping and restaurant choices pre & post movie experience.
It is right off the Loop 202, which makes getting to it easy, and it is still fairly new.
It is always clean, has friendly and helpful staff and provides a good movie experience.
Go in the morning on the weekend and it is rarely crowded.
Christmas weekend was a huge box office tally for Hollywood with over $275 million - I saw a movie Christmas Day, Friday and Saturday without being cramped, herded like cattle through the concession stand or sitting in the front row looking at 40 foot actor heads.
There are only two movie theaters in the Queen Creek/Gilbert area - this one I like better than the one on Gilbert Rd.

Mike and I had no plans on Christmas Eve and we were so excited.
We had 3 family events planned this week each on a different day, so we specifically indicated that we were doing nothing Christmas Eve, but relaxing and enjoying each others company.
And it was great!
Came here to see a movie Christmas Eve and we enjoyed the theater very much.
The lobby, theater and bathrooms were all very clean.
The seats were comfortable.
There are a few different chain restaurants throughout the mall and the mall food court is right next to the theater so you can stop and pick up a quick bite before you head in to see a movie.
I've been here a couple of times before and had the same great experience.
And they always have a lot of registers open at the snack bar so I've never had to wait in line as

This is my fav.
in the area.
Main reason?
They have a play school/day care area to check your little ones in while you watch a movie.
Kind of how Ikea has one so you can shop without yelling screaming kids, and the kids have fun too.

Being from out of town, I was out of my comfort zone stepping into a movie theater to watch something.
I'm used to my Regal Cinemas or my AMC and all the things that go with that.
This particular Harkins at SanTan Village is a reasonable substitute.
Pluses:  1) The rewards shirt and cup.
The shirt is 20 clams and the cup is 5 clams.
If you wear the shirt (good up to the end of the year), it gives you free popcorn.
If you bring the cup with you, it's a dollar refill.
OMG, how cool is that?
2) This particular theater sells concessions normally not associated with a movie theater.
Things like french fries, popcorn chicken, mozzarella cheese sticks and churros are on sale here.
This is IN ADDITION to the normal fare of popcorn, hotdogs, pretzels and candy that theaters normally have.
3) They have a place that you can leave your little ones AKA children if you wish to watch the movie without them possibly screaming.
Minuses: (Keep in mind, I'm from out of town)  1) We don't have any Harkins close to where I live.
The one closest to my home location is about 30 miles.
2) I'm actually going to miss this theater chain when I leave the metro Phoenix area.
Blame it on me wanting something I don't have.
Last words:  ---sigh.
Why is it that things that are nifty and fun are found so far far away?
It's like an empty cookie jar.
You go reach for it, you can't get it.
You get a stool to reach for it, but you still can't.
You go get a chair, and you fall off of it and hurting yourself.
Finally, you get a ladder and you get to it, only discovering that the jar is empty.
----sigh.
I will be back, Harkins.
Save a loyalty cup for me!

nice theater.
its clean.
it has the same set up as the harkins at tempe marketplace.
i can dig it.

There really isn't a huge difference in any of the Harkins theaters.
We go for the dollar drinks (with the cup) and the popcorn coupons (with the shirt)- it's worth the price each year if you go to a lot of movies.
The only difference I can really see in this one is the employees are more pleasant than at other locations.
I'm sure the child care place is also a great draw for parents of younger ones.

Awesome place to go.
Thank you for supporting the military with your military discount.
Hooah!

Rocking chair a plus.
Clean.
Empty during the day on a school day!
Still expensive.
Eat before you go!

If I want to go away and seek silence I goto to this place when I get the chance every wednesday.
San Tan Village has it all Books, shoes you name it.
But the good thing is it's so serene that after shopping I would stop by Harkins to watch a movie.
I like it here.
It's a place worth visiting.

Excellent deal if you buy the popcorn shirt, loyalty cups, and use a student ID.
This theater is very clean and never a problem with broken seats or anything like at other theaters.
AMC I'm looking at you.
Concession is usually quick.
Expensive but that's a given.
What no Sno-Caps!?
Lame.
Would be a 4 star review if not for the mindless employees which are usually being reprimanded in front of guests.
Very unprofessional.

Not bad as movie theaters go.
We wanted to see the new Pirate's of the Caribbean movie and it was sold out at Harkin's Superstition Springs locaion.
So we headed down here.
I do prefer locally-owned Harkin's over AMC btw.
The outdoor mall surrounding this is interesting, but its just too hot in the summer to enjoy.

Great theater, good popcorn, great customer service

Great customer service with consistent and frequent showtimes.
Love it!

This is one of our favorite theaters.
They do a great job keeping it clean in the lobby, bathrooms, and theaters.
We love the play center almost as much as our daughter does.
:)  Last night, after a show, our daughter was running around outside around us, and tripped.
We took her and her scraped knees back in the theater and they were friendly and accommodating in helping is treat her new booboo's.
The manager at the box office was so kind.
Not only did she help with bandages, but she got a couple of baggies of ice for her.
Well done!

I am a sucker for Harkins.
I grew up in the Phoenix/Metro area and all my fond childhood experiences of movie going include the "Harkins" experience.
I came here for the midnight screening of the last Harry Potter, and to my surprise, they opened all 16 theaters up over two hours early for the screening.
In spite of the hundreds of children running around, the atmosphere made the movie experience all the more exciting.
Staff and management were organized, helping to ensure that everyone got a seat, and having extra theaters"reserved" for those people who got jipped out of good seats because of the people who were "saving" seats for latecomers.The concession lines moved fairly quickly, considering the amount of people, and the bathrooms were kept clean.

I like Harkins.
The seats are comfortable.
I kinda wish the screen was bigger.
And something about the surround sound just doesn't seem right, but I can't put my finger on it.
But it's still better than any other theater in this area.
Each row of seats is enough higher than the one in front that it would take a VERY tall person to block the view of another patron.
In some theaters that is not true.
Overall, a nice theater.
One thing I will slam them for is their ticket price.
$9.50?
Really?
I know they all are this expensive now, which is why we don't go to the theater much.
For three of us (two adults, one student) it's $26.
I can buy the DVD for that (BluRay!
) and watch it as much as I want.
But when we get passes at the office, for example, we do like this theater.

Too busy for my liking

Went and saw Sherlock Holmes on New Year's Eve.
What a great experience.
Gorgeous theater, great movie, courteous staff and fresh popcorn.
Kudos!!
Please keep it up.
The customer service was outstanding.
This will be our new favorite theater.

The best of all the Harkins.
Better array of munchies and really friendly staff.
Also, I wasn't overly carded on my inexpensive purchases.
At the Superstition Springs location, I'm carded four times between the parking lot and my seat.
Chances are...if I steal a credit card, I'm not gonna sit in the same spot for three hours awaiting the po-po.

This place is GIANT!
Each of the 16 screens has a huge theater.
Friendly staff, clean,   good prices compared to what I'm used to in California, and ample parking (although it's kinda in the back corner.
I just wish they worked with Fandango to make ticket purchases online.

I love this theater.
It's so brand new and sparkly.

Huge screens with friendly staff and clean bathrooms - can't ask for much more at the movies.
Even better, its a local joint, with good deals for those who live in the area.
Friend of mine has a T-shirt which entitles the bearer to free popcorn.
There's also a refillable cup you can use for the year, and onsite (reservation) daycare!

I choose Harkins over all the other theaters in AZ.
Like the seating and theaters, Concessionaires are always polite and do what is required of them.
The cleanliness is excellent.
Love going to the movies especially at Harkins.
I love the buying a Large or Extra Large Popcorn and getting free refills.
The drink Loyalty cup is also a great idea.
One thing I would love for them to do is have a loyalty card as I have from Cinemark in California where you can earn free popcorn or free movies!
Other than that Harkins all the way in AZ!

Great spot for a theater.
The mall itself is starting to slip, the stores by the theater are empty or going to close soon.
The theater itself is great.
Its starting to get older so the seats are starting to get crusty but still one of the cleanest Harkins I've been too.
I love that the theaters are big and the staff is always helpful.
I've never had a problem at this Harkins and I will continue to go to it.
Great experience.

My favorite theater in the valley.
I bought the souvenir T-shirt and loyalty cup as a stocking stuffer for my son and husband last year, and now every movie we see in the year 2013, we get a free medium popcorn and $1.50 refills.
The theater itself is crisp and clean, they keep it pretty tidy for the amount of people going through there.
Big premiers and popular new releases are a bit tough to get into; but I feel they try to open as many theaters to accomodate the crowds as possible.
Also the fact that the company is a local AZ company, and not a chain, is another reason why I love it!

I love going to the moves but I hate taking out a loan to really enjoy this place.
Employees are always friendly & accommodating.
Theatre is always clean.
The Loyaly cup is worth getting.
What more can you say.
Oh ya, the military discount is much appreciated.

We enjoy going to this theater and the folks are always friendly and provide great service!
We have always had a great experience and enjoy going to this location.
Would recommend purchasing a loyalty cup to keep your cost down.

We come here all the time.
Tonight the showtime of a movie we wanted to see had been canceled, and without question the manager Johnathan Chao treated us to a free movie and gave us passes for our next movie.
Great job on the customer service!
We've always loved this theater and I'm even more impressed now!

My brother just moved here to go to ASU and said this was "the nicest theatre" he's ever been to...
I'm not sure if I'll go that far, but it is clean and the stadium seats are pretty neat.
Movies are just so expensive to go to anymore...
I would highly recommend getting the reusable harkins cup, only $1.50 to refill.
And I've heard that if you save your popcorn bag and come back in a relatively short time (a week maybe) they will refill that for free.

I went to see Metallica Through the Never in 3D.
The sound and picture quality were amazing.
The 3D glasses provided were sleak and not nearly as cumbersome as I remember them being in the past.
The staff was helpful and the theater was extremely clean.
What else can you ask for?
Two thumbs up!

My husband and I love to see movies together and this is our favorite theater by far!
It is always clean, the customer service is great and there is almost always a time that works for us.

Very nice movie theatre.
The only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the bathrooms were a bit dirty, not rest stop dirty but not as clean as I wanted.
Overall it's a great theatre with a friendly staff.

Clean and polite personnel.
Log the movie did not meet your expectation they make no qualms about it if you request a refund..

Great theater.
Great staff.
Great customers.
I hate going to the movies because I hate the crowds and annoying people in the theater but I've never had a bad time there.
The lines at concessions moves fast.
And the staff knows how to handle large crowds for the big movies.
Harkins is always a step above all the rest.

Harkins theaters are usually comfortable and fairly clean.
They can be very busy at times so get there early.
Today, I am a little disappointed because as I am sitting here waiting for the movie to start, there is what I originally thought was water from mopping turns out to be something spilled and completely sticky under my feet.
I am not sure how anyone who was cleaning this theater could have missed it.
It's gross and I am doing my best to avoid it.
The theater is very full and it's not really an option for us to move.
Other than that, I think Harkins are fine and are the theaters that we normally frequent.

This location of Harkins at San Tan Mall is nice.
It is your average Harkins movie theater, they all pretty much have the same lay out inside and out.
Customer service has been good every time I have come here.
I rarely get concessions but if I do I get either a free small cup of water or purchase a Dasani water bottle.
The associates are always very nice if I ask for a free cup of water.
The theater that we were last in was fairly clean.
Not the cleanest I've ever seen but nothing to detract from my movie going experience.
I have noticed the last few times I have been to a movie, they have amped up the amount of times the security does their rounds.
It is mildly distracting when the security guard passes up and down the aisle and in front of the screen multiple times but at the same time I do appreciate them preventing texting and obnoxious kids/moviegoers.
Overall Harkins theaters are always a good movie going experience.This location in particular is very nice and I will continue getting my movie on in the blazing inferno that is Phoenix.

Harkins at San Tan is conveniently located at San Tan Village, which is perfect for a day out with the kids or a night out with your special someone.
The theaters are comfortable, clean, and not too pricey as long as you're doing a regular (non 3-D) movie.
Matinee prices are even better, and even when the theater is busy, it runs very smoothly!
The lines move quickly and the ticket booths do, too.
Bring your souvenir cup for $1.50 drinks!

Harkins is always a nice place to swing by for a movie.
Theater always seems clean, sound is good, they let you know how full the seating is when buying tickets, and concession food is good as well.
The only thing I can complain about is that I wish I could remember my special Harkins cup when I go.

Great comfortable seating, but WOW every theater in here smells like urine!
Bad!
Get lots of popcorn to cover up the stench.

