A nice surprise in the middle of nowhere!
The staff was very friendly and same (middle of the road) quality that you would expect from a Denny's.
If I am every starving after trekking across the Arizona desert again, I would return!

Never go here late.
Got into town wanted some food and if I only sat here for over a half hour before anyone came and even gave me a menu and talk about a shitty attitude.
The crack head that took our order could have not gotten everything more wrong!
Avoid this place at all costs!

When making road trips from Las Vegas to Phoenix or Tucson, I almost always stop in Wickenburg to stretch my legs, gas up my car and grab a bite to eat.
If I am not in a hurry to get where I am going (which I admit, is rare), I'll stop into this Denny's for a sit-down meal.
Since I head back to Arizona for the holidays often, I appreciate knowing that even on Christmas Eve at 11 pm, Denny's will be open since they are open 24/7, every day of the year.
There is a large selection of food to choose from, with breakfast being served all day.
I have been pleasantly surprised to find somewhat healthy options on the menu.
Service has always been friendly and efficient.
Food never takes very long.
The bathrooms are clean.
And there is a gas station directly across the street I can stop at before heading on my way.
This is an A-OK place to stop for a meal when in Wickenburg.

I think we all know what Denny's is about.
Like many chains, unless there is something horribly wrong with the food, the only differentiator is the service.
I don't normally eat at Denny's but this one is perfectly located for meeting friends before heading into the outback.
Our waitress was competent and friendly.
She kept our coffee cups full and had no problem with bringing extra cream when asked.
She rocked the service.
When I went to pay, however, it was a different story.
The cashier, who was just staring off into space when I approached her with my ticket, just stared at me awkwardly.
It was weird.
I mean, you know why I am here, right?
I pushed the ticket across the counter to her, she looked at it, and stared at me with a strange look.
I dunno, maybe she was stoned or something, but it was really weird.
Anyway, she finally got around to verbal communications and mumbled something.
I handed her my card and she swiped it, then gave me the receipt for signing.
I left somewhat unsettled, feeling Iike I'd just encountered crazy.

