Great people, fabulous massage, an all around happy, healthy experience!

For years I suffered from chronic back pain.
At 27, I was diagnosed with scoliosis...something I was totally unprepared for.
All these years I attributed the back pain to being a little over weight, horseback riding injuries or even a poor mattress...never did I think that a "crooked" back was really the culprit.
I'd been to another chiropractor who did what I would consider a traditional adjustment.
In and out in 5 minutes...with no true goals in mind for my overall treatment.
As a patient that just didn't work for me and I knew I needed to be helped in a different way.
Dr. Wiegand is exactly what my back and neck ordered!
Not only is he truly passionate about his work but he really takes the time to treatment plan a specific goal for treatment for each and every patient.
He also uses traction which has help tremendously in the realignment of my neck!
Not to mention he has his patients do exercises at home to maintain treatment during days when they are not at the office.
His method of adjustment is amazing as well.
Being in the dental field I place a lot of stress and strain on my neck and back on a daily basis and really was hopeless about ever being out of pain until coming to SpineBuilders.
They have truly proven treatment and I would recommend them to everyone looking for a superb chiropractor :) Not to mention his office staff is beyond wonderful...very helpful and accommodating!
....and they have 3 wonderful massage therapist :)

From the moment you walk in the door, the customer service is amazing.
The atmosphere is professional and positive -- far from the clinical or sterile feeling you normally get from health facilities.
The equipment is new and modern.
Ultimately, Dr. Weigand does fantastic chiropractic work, and I would highly recommend Spinebuilder.

i have been in a car accident 10 years ago ,been in pain ever since ,seen many chiropractors they all helped a little but i could not see much progress until i found spine builder ,in just a few weeks i felt 80 percent better i could actually lift my arm above my head which i thought would never  be possible again,they customized a treatment plan according to my own needs

I am very happy with the result, my back doesn't hurt anymore, Dr. Wiegand and there staff are awesome.

I was in Austin Tx last month for a long spa weekend at a well-known resort, but Nathan's 90 minute massage at n8 touch was better than anything id ever had.
i haven't been to the chiropractor there, but I'll definitely be going back to the facility as long as Nathan is there.

Grabbed a Groupon for this place and made an appointment for a 1 hour massage the next day when a competing Groupon massage giver had a 1+ month wait.
My masseuse listened to what I liked as far as pressure, and I was very pleased, especially for the price!
Thanks, Michelle.

Great deep tissue massage and heated tables

I got a groupon for this place and got a great massage from Nathan.
I wasn't expecting to make a second appointment, but the receptionist told me my second appointment would be at a groupon price as well.
The receptionist was super friendly!
That was my first professional massage and it was a great experience and very relaxing.

OMG!
I just discovered this wonderful place across from desert ridge marketplace i don't know about the other therapist on staff but i do know about Natalia she was awesome i didn't think someone could outdo Massage Envy but i was wrong.
I will be most definitely be going back to see Natalia so that she can bring the pain again .....good pain that is!

So excited to have found N8 thanks to a friend's referral.
Love the walk-in structure!

Just had an hour and half massage with Alecia.
EXCELLENT, great pressure, extremely relaxing...pretty sure I fell asleep.
Got this on Groupon for $58!!
This massage is worth FAR more than that.
Check it out.
Great place, great environment, and Miss Kayla at the front desk to take your reservation is a sweetheart.

I just returned from a fantastic massage at n8 touch!
Yesterday I participated in a long-distance triathlon event.
Last week, in anticipation, I decided to use a Groupon for a post-race massage.
I had purchased a Groupon for another business and contacted them to schedule.
They informed me that they had no openings for weeks, but "squeezed me in" in 2 weeks (the day before my Groupon expired) because I was nice.
Today I woke up and could barely move.
I purchased a Groupon for n8 and called them right away, praying they would get me in.
The woman who scheduled my appointment could not have been more accommodating.
I have read many reviews and have experienced myself, that often when you use a Groupon, you are almost treated like an annoyance.
This was NOT the case at n8 touch.
The receptionist was patient and pleasant and scheduled me happily for a 90-minute massage.
My appointment was with Emily, and she was fabulous.
I have had around 15 massages in my life, and never have I felt that someone was so in tune to my aches, pains and needs.
I could not have asked for a better experience.
Some might call me frugal, but I would be happy to pay full price for another massage (and will!

Bought a 1-hour groupon for my mother for mothers-day.
I dropped her off and went to take care of some business.
Our appointment was at 12, we walked in at 12:10, paid for the massage IN-STORE at 12:13(receipt).
However i was told that the amount was for an hour, they were done at 12:43 (call log on my phone).
When I brought that up to the cashier, very nice and professional girl, she said that she give the note to her manager and took my number.
I didn't receive a phone call.
Next day i called and asked for the manager, she didn't know of anything... Of course she didn't.
Simply told me, even tho you pay for an hour, you will only get a 50 minute 'hands on' massage.
Hmm, but were talking about a little longer than a half hour in and out of the establishment.
But the timer start when your appointment is.
In other words, if you have an appointment at 12.00 and pay for a full hour and you come at 12.30, you will only get a 20 minute massage 'hands-on' because the other 5 min before and 5 after, count towards massage time.
If that's your policy, fine, tell the customer 'hey, this is what to expect'.
Massage was good, ethics... Not so much.
Bummer, she would've returned as a regular for her back aches.
But I'll have her take her business elsewhere, where it's valued.
I don't recommend this business.
Actually I dis-advise.

I was gifted a groupon for a 90 minute massage here and finally got around to using it last week.
My schedule had gotten crazy with a broken down car, but each time I called to reschedule the girls at the front desk were great and very accommodating.
I arrived a few minutes early and checked in and was offered a bottle of water.
I got nervous at the site of massage chairs out in the open, but was soon brought back to a massage room by Jeanne.
She asked what kind of pressure I wanted and I told her I'm a tough girl and can handle deep, firm pressure, which is exactly what I got.
It was a great massage, I was worried 90 minutes might be too long but it was just right.
They seem to run a lot of specials and I made an appointment to go back in about a month.
I think it was a great massage for the price and would recommend them.

I bought a groupon for a 60 minute massage at N8 while I was on vacation in Scottsdale, AZ from Los Angeles, California.
I was staying at the Westin Kierland Resort.
N8 staff were professional on the phone and the front desk staff were very courteous.
The business was located in a nice shopping centre and the business was well decorated, clean, and very nice.
My massage therapist was Levi.
The massage started off fine.
It was not the best nor the worst massage I've received.
He focused only on my neck area, used too much pressure, and it was painful.
I get a massage about once or twice year for the past few years.
After about 20 minutes Levi told me he was going to step out for a moment and would be right back.
He never came back.
Another staff member came into the room and told me that Levi did not want to finish the massage and there was no explanation.
The manager provided no explanation as to why the massage was terminated after only twenty minutes.
They did provide a refund but only after I insisted.
I do not know what the other massage therapists are like at N8, but DO NOT USE LEVI.
He is socially awkward, behaves inappropriately, and ends massages early with no explanation.
Again, DO NOT USE LEVI.

