I think that this is the retail arm of the wholesale business already on Yelp.
Since I am a retail customer I have added this business info.
I have got to say that is shop is soooo good.
The staff really know their stuff and are great at making suggestions based on your likes and your needs.
I must say that this is a very strong rival to Mellis - perhaps because it has a real family feel to it as opposed to the slightly more "chain" feel that Mellis has these days.
I love that they also sell other high quality produce you may want along with your cheese - crackers, chutneys, quince, olives, bread, anchovies etc.
I have not tried their pastries, but their croissants look HUGE!!
This is a great shop for gift buying, and the family Christmas cheeseboad is always stocked from here!
A true gem in Bruntsfield.

I walked by this shop the other day and randomly decided to go in, and I am so glad I did.
Its full of huge rounds of cheese, breads, meats and olives.
Its the kind of shop you would go to if you had company coming over for dinner.
Or perhaps you were going to be on Come Dine With Me and only the finest produce would do.
I love cheese, but my figure doesn't.
I could quite happily sit in this shop and nibble on the huge selection of cheese, there is so many to try it would take forever to get through them all.
The products in here completely blow supermarket produce out the water, this is real quality produce.
I enjoyed some Mull Cheddar and some Brie and it really was delicious.
It wasn't badly priced too which was a real bonus.
I took home some bread too which was carbohydrate goodness.
The staff are knowledgeable and friendly too, and its always great to support family businesses in these tough economic times.

How often do you come across a cheese shop?
Ok, let me re-phrase ...
If is not often that you come across a cheese shop.
Especially one as good as Clark's Speciality Foods in Bruntsfield.
I never really 'got' cheese until my brother decided to work his way through series one of Come Dine With Me, and I've found that I have quite a healthy appetite for it.
This small shop is the perfect place for all your cheesy-dreams to come true.
It's really traditional and quaint and is the sort of place I want to take my Grandparents to, to show them where I shop.
The staff are very friendly and the whole experience is a thoroughly enjoyable one.
I would recommend this shop to people throwing a big dinner party, or trying to impress that someone special - everyone knows that cheese is the way to a woman's heart.
(...quite literally, if you think about cholesterol...)

Clark's is why there are still some small independent retailers that are still staying afloat in spite of ever-expanding supermarket chains.
From the outside it looks like it's just a cheesemonger, but there are two things wrong with that.
1) It's not "just" a cheesemonger, because it's possibly the best cheesemonger for miles around.
Their focus is on "farmhouse and artisan cheeses", and even if you have no idea exactly what that means, one thing you will grasp is how great they are.
In layman's terms, they have strong ones, mild ones, blue ones, ones from cow's milk, goat's milk and even sheep, smelly ones, gooey soft ones and hard ones.
Conclusion: you're bound to find something you love.
If you're having a dinner party where you'll need cheeses for afterwards, this is where you should head - they let you sample a slither of them so you can try it before your friends/guests do.
2) They sell so much more than cheese.
I think it originally started out as a cheesemonger specifically, but now they also stock every cold meat, chutney, wine and bread you could ever need to go with it, as well as the usual selection of olives/artichoke hearts/roasted peppers/whatever else you can marinate in Olive oil, which every good deli has.
If I only had £10 left in the world, this is where I'd spend it.

This is a real delicatessen, not just a 'deli' with sandwiches and stuff, but the real thing.
It has a massive range of cheeses of every texture, colour and smell and each one is specifically sourced from an expert in the field.
They offer tasters on top of the counter which is a great concept and one that must encourage custom.
The most disgusting looking cheeses actually turn out to be some of the nicest you've tried id you give them a go.
My favourite was the Wensleydale with cranberries which I couldn't get enough of.
I think it specialises in cheese, but it also has a good selection of cured, boiled and smoked meats ranging honey glazed smoked ham to spiced beef.
Food of this quality, of course, comes at a price and most of it is quite pricey, but if you care about good food then this is the place.

Woah, the stench of cheese!
Maybe it's a heavenly smell to any cheese fanatics out there, but to a moderate cheese fan such as myself... it just stinks!
However it's unavoidable at Clarks, because that's basically most of their stock, and they seem to have mountains of the stuff!
This is a relatively small store, and from the exterior one can tell it's a quality place.
They've got almost every cheese you could want, and a lot of the Scottish variety as well which was a novelty for me.
Aside from the rotten stuff, they also sell fancy bread, wines, olives and pasta, and after checking out their website I was impressed to see they import fruit from a famous parisian market each week.
I'm not so sure how economically (or environmentally) sound that is, but it definitely lends to it's image.
All the cheese I've tried there was fantastic, but I especially love the fresh bread!
The staff were also really friendly, and it is a family business, which may give it a little bit more of a personal touch.

Bread Crackers Olives Sunblushed tomatoes Anchovies Asparagus Oatcakes Pastries Olive oil Balsamic vinegar Truffle oil Smoked salmon Salami Pate Terrine Spanish acorn ham Manchego Buffalo mozzarella Goats cheese Cheddar Brie Coffee & Wine  A family run deli, Clark's stock all kinds of tantalizing and tongue-teasing ingredients.
There's tasty bread, fruit, vegetables and salads but the real pull is the speciality cheeses and charcuterie from various artisan makers and farmers around Scotland and Europe.
In a word: YUMMY.

