Hotel 32 is on the 32nd floor of the Monte Carlo.
Great time!
I would definitely go back!
Primarily unaware of this gem, I booked a hotel on-line for the Monte Carlo.
*  Upon check in, I asked if I could upgrade.
$25 more than my original reservation, I jumped at the chance.
Through the red elevator doors we went.
Upon entering, you could tell you were in a completely different hotel then the Monte Carlo.
Free, unlimited Voss water and complimentary snacks awaited us in a beautifully decorated modern style lounge.
It felt like the "W Hotel".
The beds were FABULOUS.
The people were SO PROFESSIONAL and helpful.
This is truly a gem and I would DEFINITELY suggest it for anyone looking for an upscale, but more intimate boutique Vegas experience, as there are only 50 room apparently.

Vegas really offers a wide range of hotel room prices.
With the down economy, you can get a nice room at a major Vegas resort for what a Motel Six might run you in another North American city without half of Vegas' claim to fame.
Monte Carlo has recently redeveloped its top floor (following a rather nasty hotel fire on the top floor).
They've recast the top floor as a boutique hotel within a hotel.
The 32 in Hotel 32 refers to, of course, the 32nd floor.
The cheapest room here is the studio.
It's about $200 a night.
Sure you can get a room for $50-$70 a night in many Vegas top end hotels but the perks at Hotel 32 really make the price make more sense.
First, there's an airport pickup in a real limo.
Not a town car.
A real limo.
That's pretty heady.
And then you're whisked through the check out crowd to a VIP lounge for a private check in.
Through the day there's free beverages and snack food.
There's a breakfast and a light dinner.
Thing about Vegas is while they might have lowed the room rates, food ain't any cheaper.
So a room that comes with some meals, a free airport pickup/drop off at your beck and call can make a few days at Hotel 32 work.
Those are the pros.
A few cons:  The studios don't appear to have bath tubs.
The literature seems to indicate you get an itouch for your stay as well as a "pillow menu" but none appear to be evident for my stay.

Beautiful room ... a two bedroom suite with HOW MANY flat screen TV's?
Hmmm, lets see, one in the master bedroom, one INSIDE the mirror of the master bath, FOUR in the living room, one in the second bedroom, and another INSIDE the mirror of the second bathroom.
So yes, eight TV's people!
Amazing.
I had no idea anyone on the planet would actually need that many TV sets.
But apparently you do.
I never wanted to leave.
Once you figure out how to work the remote controls for the drapes, showers, lights and televisions ... you are set!
Breakfast in the morning was fabulous, pastries, eggs benedict, fruit cups, coffee and mimosas ~ you simply can't go wrong.
Great way to start the day, especially if you didn't go to bed 45 minutes earlier.
The interior is very contemporary, nice pieces of modern art adorn the walls in both the rooms and the hallways.
The staff was fabulous and very courteous.
Simply fantastic!

Let me paint a better picture of how this started out...  We've been pretty loyal fans of Wynn/Encore for the past few years, but our last visit there was a little on the boring side.
It was time for a change.
My hb wanted to stay at the Monte Carlo, since we thought we'd catch the Jabbawockeez and looked into the Hotel 32.
If you check their website, they market themselves as the upscale, modern, concierge floor of the Monte Carlo.
It seems to be the trend in Vegas for the older hotels to try to keep up with the modern, skyscrapers of today.
They boast limo pick up service directly from the airport to the hotel, but as soon as we arrived (20 min late mind you, giving the limo driver plenty of time to get there on time) he wasn't there.
When we called the hotel, they said he was already at the airport waiting for us.
LIARS!!
Because as soon as we got off the phone with them, the driver himself called us and said he was on his way.
When he arrived, he was polite and apologetic, but obviously, the hotel just decided to try to cover up some back up.
Not a single drink in the limo.
NOT ONE!!
No champagne!
No soda!
Hell...not even a bottle of water!
They boast a separate lobby and check in desk, but when we arrived, our bell hop told us that check in was closed and we had to check in at the regular desk.
I am no princess, and I didn't mind, but when you advertise that as one of your selling points, then by all means, have it open.
When we arrived at the Hotel 32 floor of  the Monte Carlo, low and behold, a separate check in desk was in fact, open.
WTF?
We booked the studio, and I wasn't expecting a huge room.
Well, it certainly wasn't.
400 sq feet.
Tiny, tiny bathroom with no tub, and no toiletries besides the normal shampoo, etc.
No cotton swabs, no cotton balls, etc.
Damn, I didn't pack those on purpose.
There was no ironing board or iron in the rooms, but you can call for it.
Problem is, if you need it the next day, there's no place to store it because the room is tiny!!
Ok, so this goes on and on and so does this review.
So, I'll sum up here...
If you can get a free or really cheap upgrade, then sure, this may be worth it.
We asked for an upgrade since the room was a box, and they said we could book the one bedroom suite for an extra $200/night!
That would make it $450/night.
That's hardly an upgrade.
For that price, we could book a huge suite at the Cosmopolitan and have breakfast on our private terrace.
Considering my hb and I love to gamble, we're throwing that and then some on their tables as is.
Their lounge that serves a light breakfast and dinner is cool, but the food is definitely not worth it.
I would even call it bad if it wasn't free.
But wait, it technically wasn't free, so yes, it was bad.

This place definitely was a nice surprise.
Best way to describe it is "Hidden Gem.
" Stayed in a studio with my fiance for 3 memorable September nights and I'll definitely consider staying again on future visits.
It starts off quite nicely with a limo picking you up at the airport and a cold bottle of Voss as you make your way to the Monte Carlo (which despite so so reviews was a pleasant surprise in it's own right).
We entered the VIP service area and had no problem getting an early check in along with free wine, water, and coffee.
The valet (very personable) escorted us and our bags to the 32nd floor.
You step off the elevator realize it is going to be a really cool place to be.
The suite assistant gets you started with a little Q&A about Hotel32 and what it offers, then if you are like us you gravitate to the private lounge that offers amuse bouche style breakfast and dinner selections along with free water, coffee, and soft drinks.
They seemed to be themed from the restaurants within the Monte Carlo and were actually really good.
You can also order adult drinks in the lounge which are not free but that's to be expected.
One suggestion I would have for the Monte Carlo on that front is have the same free selection of wine they offer down in VIP services within the Hotel32 lounge as well.
Another suggestion provide the option of having your fridge stocked in the studio rooms like they do in the upgraded rooms as well as the espresso maker (guess that's why it is called an upgrade).
The elevators are a little bit of a bummer as well.
The two that have Hotel32 on them give you the perception that they are exclusive but anyone can ride.
Hotel32 guests have to enter their key card into a slot that allows them access but any guest or non-guest for that matter can ride up to the top floor if the card has been used.
We actually had a confused old drunk ride up and get off on our floor, and not to be snooty but he did not belong.
So besides these few annoying items Hotel32 was awesome and if not for the above mentioned blips I would have given 5 stars.
I'd also like to say again the Monte Carlo is really not close to as bad as some of the reviews I've read about it.
I've never stayed in their regular rooms so that could be the reason, but the hotel/casino itself was clean, had great access/location, and had a good selection of shops and eats (The Pub was great).
We did not want to leave!!

I had a really nice time here.
The lounge that they have set up with free finger foods is ok.
The only major problem I had is elevator access.
Why can't they have dedicated elevators for the 32nd floor?
Can't really complain though.
Rooms are always free for me plus food.

The suite that we originally booked was not available so luckily we got upgraded to one of the loft in Hotel 32.
To get up to the 32nd floor you'd need to use the room key card in the elevator, and there was a separate desk service just for that floor from 6 am to 11 pm I think.
Also there was a public lounge area where they serve breakfast, drinks, fruits, coffee, and hors d'oeuvres.
Now to the room.
I loved the room the moment I stepped in.
It's got a nice view and everything was designed to provide convenience and comfort.
I really liked the remote control system for the TV, curtain and lighting, that was really cool.
What I was especially impressed is the bathroom.
The jet tub was huge and the shower was awesome!
There were several shower heads and you could control the temperature, lighting, music, ambiance and more!
This room was one of the best thing for us on this Vegas trip :)

This was our second time staying in Hotel 32 and it was just as good the second time around!
We have had the loft suite with a connector room each time.
The rooms were very, very clean and all of the electronic gadgets worked perfectly.
The shower in the master suite was a hit as always.
The service from the front desk to housekeeping to the lounge was definitely "A Game".
We took advantage of the food in the lounge for both breakfast and late afternoon and it was all very good.
Overall, this is an outstanding experience and we can't wait to return!

This is the first time we are staying here and by far it's the best value for the money.
I was looking for a room with a living room and a bedroom and found this hotel which I have never heard about before , took the Loft room for a $350 a night , the room was Amazing , top of the line but more than that was the customer service , Hotel32 gives u a VIP treatment.
The launch bar was great and saves a lot of money since food and drinks are so expensive at Vegas.
The all experience was one of the best trips I had to Vegas.
I highly recommend Hotel32.

wow ordered a regular high floor room and they gave me a free upgrade to a one bedroom penthouse.
can't complain at all.
remote for 6 of the tvs, curtains and lights.
68", 58", 42" and 3 smaller tvs side by side.
also a tv in the bathroom mirror.
the shower was the best.
it probably can fit ten people.
kohler square nozzles from the ceiling and 3 on the wall and also the standard shower head all controlled by the remote on the wall inside the shower including ambient colorful lighting.
espresso machine with fresh beans.
two bathrooms.
cute foyer entrance.
top floor.
jacuzzi overflowing tub overlooking the view.
had a great time!

I have stayed at many places on the strip in Vegas - The Wynn, Bellagio,Treasure Island, Aria, and lastly Hotel 32.
Out of all of these, Hotel 32 was the most pleasant.
Bellagio and Wynn are gorgeous and fancy, but a smidgen hoity toity, and late at night it was hard to find anything quick to eat in the place.
Hotel 32, on the other hand, was perfect for a couple 'out of towners' whose hopes and dreams are second to eating our way through Vegas whenever we visit.
We stayed in one of their lofts and it was really nice.
There were four televisions in the place, a coffee machine, a huge whirlpool type bath, a big steam shower, two sinks, and a frosty glass enclosed toilet area.
The bedroom portion of the suite could be separated from the living/dining room portion by closing to glass doors.
Within the hotel, there is a guest area that houses televisions, fruit, coffee, water, and soda - all free for the taking at any time for guests!!
In addition, for a few hours in the morning they offer breakfast, and for a few hours in the afternoon they offer a snack.
Both 'meals' were delicious and my hubby and I were thrilled with the concept and took full advantage.
It seriously saved us from having to order room service at odd hours, and it was nice to be able to walk over to grab a quick snack instead of making the trek down to the casino to hit up a buffet of pay for a severely overpriced burger somewhere.
We were picked up at the airport by a limo, as noted on their website.
That was cool, better than a taxi.
Once at the Monte Carlo, my husband and I stumbled around for a few seconds like apes, before the bellhop for Hotel 32 noticed us and asked if we were their guests.
Once we stopped scratching our heads and stood up straight, we excalimed "Why, yes, yes we are indeed!
" So the bellhop described the check in process, letting us know that there was no way to simply go up the 32nd floor to check in, as a key-card is needed to activate that floor level on the elevator.
So we rode up with him, and checked in at almost lightening speed.
Everything was just so...nice.
The people, the decorations, the amenities.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere of Hotel 32, as well.
Being an average citizen who is NOT (not even close, not in this lifetime) a millionaire or anywhere near it, I didn't feel out of place.
It was low key and laid back.
At Wynn and Bellagio, I definitely felt like a tag along or some type of lowly moss at times.
Back to eating, since it is of utmost importance; downstairs inside the Monte Carlo, there is a nifty little food court area with a Rubios, Burger King, Chicken Tenders (?
), S'barros, and Starbucks.
Being able to walk downstairs and grab a quick bite without leaving the building is AWESOME!
More eating, less moving is key to a happy marriage, I've heard.
We will not be staying at Hotel 32 for a long while since we cannot afford to, however, if it's a consideration for you, just know that my husband and I enjoyed it immensely, and neither of us is fat after our excessive food consumption.
There's a saying in my family that goes "Calories don't count at Disneyland.
"   Now, let that be a lesson to you.

I couldnt find something to complain about if I tried, so I won't.
Picked up by their house limo (included with your suite) with a driver who looked like The Rock and was right on time I was whisked into my VIP world for 5 days.
Upon arrival the baggage help was there to help me up to the 32nd floor (with keyed access on elevator) and the private check in desk.
Check in took all of 3 minutes and I was off the most incredible suite I've stayed in , and I travel a lot.
I had incredible views of the City Center and all around, three flat screens tv's, a bar and work area, dining table, uber king size bed, a shower with controls it takes two days to figure out and fits you and all  your friends, and a bubble tub big enough for two.
Service the entire stay was impeccible including my own private suite assistant the catered to my every whim.
When my coffee maker didnt grind he was there in two mins to fix it and had it swapped out immediately when he couldnt'.
Dinner reservations...handled.
Need a limo or cab to take you there?
It'll be right there.
Upon check in I had fresh berries and a happy birthday card.
Flowers were delivered immediately after check-in.
Complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries were in the fridge for me as another birthday gift (Dont try lying about it being your birthday, they do confirm )  When you put out the DND sign,,,they do not disturb.
After a very long night I needed a good day of sleep and I didnt hear one peep.
No mistake knocking, no phone calls.
If they need to talk to you about something they simply park a message and turn on the light.
Everything, tvs , music, drapes, sheers are controlled on one super cool remote control that took my date forever to figure out.
They have a lounge area for drinks , evening snacks and morning munchies , all complimentary as well.
Checked out online and was whisked away by my limo off to the airport to get my flight.
My suite ran $600 anight on the weekend but only $350 during the week.
It was huge, gorgeous and a perfect place to stay in Vegas!

Bait-and-switch tactic - Reservationist will book for Hotel 32 but downgrade you at log in to Monte Carlo floors.
Disappointing.
Bad surprise.
Really cannot review Hotel 32 other than for the immediate downgrade.
BTW - heard other issues being addressed for Hotel 32 while dealing with own.
There was a room with plumbing problems, couple without adjoining rooms as reserved, and a/c not cooling in another room.
Only extreme gamblers should go against the odds on this hotel.
Still disappointed and cannot believe there's not a better booking system if not an intentional error.

I don't go to Vegas often, but before going to the Vegas with my family in mid-August, I did some research online to look for a clean and affordable place to stay on the Strip.
I was delighted to find Hotel 32 at the Monte Carlo.
After reading about the quick check-in, the free food in the lounge, and the location of Hotel 32 on the top floor of the Monte Carlo, I knew that this would be the perfect place for my family.
I was certainly not disappointed when I got to the hotel.
While 100 or more people snaked around the check-in line at the Monte Carlo, I approached the information desk and informed the staff that I needed to check-in at Hotel 32.
After waiting for a bellboy for a few minutes, my family and I were whisked up to the 32nd floor of the Monte Carlo (hence the hotel's name) that could be accessed only with a Hotel 32 room card.
And what a different check-in experience I had!
There was NO ONE waiting to be checked in when I arrived, and after 5 minutes, my family and we were in our room.
The basic room that I booked was small but clean and finely appointed.
Plus, fresh berries awaited our arrival on the dresser.
(Nice welcoming touch!
) We dropped our bags and headed to the lounge located on the same floor to enjoy the free snacks (sushi and fresh fruit) and beverages (water and soda).
It was a great way to begin what turned out to be a very enjoyable family vacation.
I am pretty sure that when my family and I return to Vegas, we will be staying at Hotel 32.

I really Really Really Wanted to like this hotel.
I know M.C.
had the fire on the top floor which gave them (the insurance money) and the perfect opportunity to display a new brand to cater to their higher end market.
Unfortunately, my reviews echo that of the lackluster Staff and accomodations  If you were to pick between this hotel and the less expensive Mandarin Oriental,  the clear winner here is M.O.
Dont waste your time with Hotel 32.
The problem here is that they just took staff and tried to train them to cater to the needs of Hotel 32 Clientelle, but it just doesnt work.
And this goes from everything to the Driver, the VIP services desk, the "suite assistance" and Lounge attendants.
Check in: This was a complete disaster- The driver picked us up from the airport as planned, and then it all went down hill from there.
I asked the driver where to go once we got there and he said "inside" and pointed that way after giving him a $10 tip.
We saw the check in desk and in we went.
After a brief wait, we checked in, but the check in lady was surprised we didnt go to Guest services where we were supposed to check in.
We tried to check in and they gave us a very tiny studio.
I mentioned we had a suite and she said, no, you dont.
I told them poliety to please check the reservation and she said, "this is what you booked, the studio" Mind you, I booked directly with M.C.
After much back and forth, she finally made a phone call and gave us the accomodation we paid for...or so we thought.
We had requested a Bath and of course, our accomodation didnt have one.
Then it went more down hill.
She asked us if we need help with our luggage and we said yes, and she said to go by the elevator and wait..which we did..but nothing.... nothing after 20 min.
I went back and requested bell services again but I was just told to "wait" Again, nothing.
Taking our bags, we went upstairs...  We were told by the front desk staff we would be greeted by a suite assistant to show us around, but this never occured.
We found the room of course and only to realise at this point there was no bath tub.
I didnt want to start the back and forth again because it was my fiance's birthday and I was just like, "to heck with it".
Room accomodations are nice.
Simple and stylish.
Not too big, not too small.
Just right.
Shower is very nice, but ours didnt work properly.
I can echo the other reviewers that the sinks Do not drain (yes, you will read this in other reviews as well).
Maybe because we are on the top floor, but yeah, still annoying.
We walked out and then we were greeted by A suite assistant.
there is a very small lounge up there from 7 - 11pm you can get 1 or 2 hors d oervres.
Again, this is a VERY simple set up.
No free alcohol, no cheese and crackers.
just pot stickers and some cheese cake in a shot glass.
They have a tv and some couches.
An Attendant but she was quiet and didnt offer anything.
Our Suite assistant asked what time we would like house keeping.
We said after 11 but of course, they started knocking at 9AM.
I don't know.
Later, while printing my boarding pass, I met Christina and also Joel.
Special shout out to those two who are extra helpfull.
They work in the Hotel 32 and were able to print out my boarding pass and also hear some of the frustrations.
While Cristina did seem to be concerned and made ammends, she did say "this is the first Ive heard of this" but if you read the reviews below, a lot of what Im saying is echoed below in other reviews.
The VIP lady downstairs in VIP services (the one with the new york accent) seems to act as if you are troubling her each time you speak with her.
She also cant read.
I asked her to read back my confirmation and she had to read it 3 - 4 times before getting it right.
Nothing wrong with dyslexia, of course, but its hard to confirm a reservation when you have to go over it so many times clearly and they just dont get it.
All in All, take your accomodation to Mandarin.
You will at least be treated like a human being there and wont have to worry about so many mishaphs.
I wanted to like Hotel 32 but I know we wont be back anytime soon.

I read an article in Forbes that declared Hotel 32 as one of Las Vegas' best kept secrets.
After there was a fire on the top floor of Monte Carlo, they decided to renovate it and turn it into an upscale boutique hotel.
Hotel 32 is a 50 room hotel on the top floor of the Monte Carlo.
I rented a 1200 square foot loft that included the following amenities:  Limo pickup and drop off at the airport 60 inch televisions in the living room, dining area, and in the bedroom.
Two Bluray players that worked on all three of those TVs.
9 inch television embedded into the mirror of the bathroom Deep bathtub with jacuzzi Huge shower with 7 shower heads - it can hold several people at one time.
Exclusive lounge for visitors with appetizers for breakfast/supper and soft drinks.
Personal Suite Assistant for coordinating maid service, transportation, reservations Ridiculous Technology for controlling blinds, lights, televisions, and shower Jura Coffee/Espresso/Latte machine and fresh coffee beans for making coffee in your room.
(My girlfriend had like 5 cups of coffee).
The best thing is that the cost of the loft was comparable to a night at Bellagio.
It's an experience that would be comparable to Aria's Sky Suites or MGM's Skylofts, but for less cost.
Service was very attentive and helpful - make sure you use the privacy button if you dont want to be disturbed.
They were very friendly.
The suite assistants even sent over a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and a card for my birthday.
Studios and Suites are available, but they are much smaller.
For the price for those rooms, I'd prefer going elsewhere.
I'd only stay at Hotel 32 if I wanted the amenities of the Lofts.
This is an awesome place to go if you want to go to Vegas for rest and relaxation or to celebrate a special occasion.

I have stayed at this hotel 3 times, and it will be a fourth in December.
All I can say is WOW!!!!!
I have stayed in the one room penthouse and the loft.
The rooms are surreal, especially for the price.
This really is the best kept secret yet not for long.
Pictures CANNOT do this hotel justice.
When I actually saw the rooms, I was speechless!
Absolutely beautiful!!!
There are 4 one room penthouses and two have pool tables.
You have complimentary drinks in the lounge as well as little bites all day.
This hotel is one heck of a gem!

Absolutely loved this hotel, the lounge is fantastic, and the staff was wonderful.
I recommend Hotel32 to anyone going to Vegas looking for an unpretentious and serene retreat on the Strip.
The Monte Carlo pools were accessible, fantastic view, great room.
Free coffee and chilled water all day was a bonus in addition to the free lounge items - light breakfast selections (with mimosas), tapas, etc.
I will most definitely be back, the price was well worth it.

This place is by far the best deal for nice (penthouse quality) sq footage you will find on the strip.
The hotel is part of the Monte Carlo but has separate check-in, a separate floor and separate concierge.
It also has 2x daily free appetizers and non alcoholic drinks.
I would stay here again without a doubt.
BTW: The showers in the lofts can fit 4-5 adults, have multiple light and water combinations (ceiling, and multiple walls) music, massage and hot water therapy programs etc...
The lofts also have tablets which control suite entertainment from your phone, laptop, their equipment, the blinds, shades, lights etc.....
Pretty darn awesome.

Stayed at Hotel 32 last week and all I have to say is that I didn't want to leave...YOU MUST GET A LOFT if you can wing it....By far the BEST shower I have ever used....I loved the rainfall effect and you can fit 5/6 people in it.....It was nice to check in at the VIP room....They even poured us a glass of wine, check in was very easy...I loved the complimentary finger foods for breakfast and late afternoon....The veal meatballs, assorted cheese and crackers, and shimp empanadas were deeeeelish...But my favortie were the mini strawberry shortcakes....The lady that was working the after shift WAS AWESOME....The free water, soda, and coffee was great....I loved opening up the door and having the morning paper hanging from the door handle.......We actually came from the Bellagio to Hotel 32.....The room at Hotel 32 kicks butt over the Bellagio if you are looking for size, comfort, and extra perks you get......I SUGGEST YOU MAKE YOUR RESERVATION AND TRY THEM OUT

Returned to Vegas and Hotel 32 again, four years later.
A few changes.
1) Voss water no longer on offer.
They now have their own Hotel 32 branded water.
Still bottled water will cost you in Vegas and it's nice to be able to load up on a few bottles before you hit the strip.
2) Studio guests no longer get a free limo pickup/drop off.
I would suggest if you really like the limo pick up (and I recommend a limo pick up), get a third party service like Presidential Limo.
$100 each trip, keep the champagne.
Luckily Joel is still working the floor, described as one of the best concierges in Vegas.
I heartily agree.
Oh, another advantage, no matter what room type you book at Hotel 32, you get a free inner tube ($5 rental) for the lazy river.

