We decided to try Garden Pizza for lunch today.
My wife and daughter and I each had two slices of Peperoni and a pitcher of beer.
The pizza was good especially the crust which was crisp but not over cooked.
The beer was cold and served with chilled mugs.
I noticed some subs that were being prepared and they looked very good.
My only complaint would be that when we ariived there were two or three tables had not been cleaned up and the dirty plates were just sitting there.

Great pizza.
The crust and the sauce are some of the best I have had.
The beer is cold and the mugs are frosted.
Great location and very nice establishment.

I like this joint.
The Sicilian pizza is very good.
My only thing I am wondering about is this place, Taste of Italy and Palermo's all seem to be the same place.
Not that it's a big deal, but it seem like a franchise without "being a franchise".
Same menu, same specials, same prices.
Hmmmm.

I usually try to check out a restaurants health inspection before I go there...this time I did not.
The pizza was alright, nothing special, my daughter wanted to go because I think she liked the guy behind the counter.
Anyway, after going home and looking them up I discovered they have failed their last 2 inspections for things like debris on their meat slicer, food not at correct temps, and worst of all there was indication that they were either smoking in the kitchen, smoking outside with the kitchen door open, or both.
This is unacceptable to me that employees of a food establishment would even think this was ok...here is the link to look them up and other restaurants http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=Food%20Establishments%20Search&as_type=Food

The fried zucchini is amazing!

YUM!
I was trying to think of something different for lunch.
Sometimes, I get tired of the Estrella Parkway choices...Then, I remembered this little gem.
The food is so yummy.
(Got the veggie pizza).
The veggies are fresh, they cook the pizza to order and the service is friendly and prompt.
Prices aren't bad either!

Best pizza and wings I've had in a while.

The pizza is standard NY Style Big Slices.
Its good... the food is fresh, it just takes too long to come out to you because they make it fresh.
Make sure you have an hour to kill if you eat here.
The other complaint I have about this place is that they don't serve all you can drink.

I've been here a few times and its not a bad place.
The only issue I have with them, is that the customer service could be better.
They didn't greet us when we walked in, and they stood there looking at us.
All of them.
Didn't ask us what we wanted to order,just stood there.
it was pretty rude.
The pizza (while greasy) was great.
Highly recommend the margherita pizza, with pepperoni and sausage added (extra 3 bucks).

Tried the meatball, sauce and cheese sub and the steak, onion and cheese sub and both were very good.
The fried zucchini was decent but nothing special.
At some point I really need to try their pizza.

Do not patronize this place  yuck I ordered a couple slices and got day old reheated pizza.
They apparently are not honest either because they charged full price for their happy hour draft.
I will never go back!

We always come here during lunch and they have really great lunch specials.
I think we have been here a total of three times now and no complaints so far.
Plenty of food and great prices :)

Love the pizza....but wings are very small.
I will try wings again but if they are small I will never buy them again.
The garden salad was so fresh and it was good too.
Can't wait to try other things here.
So this may be my new place for pizza and salad...maybe wings we shall see.....

nope.
just nope.

I'd bet they do most of their business during the week with a nice slice and drink special.
We went in on a Saturday afternoon, it was dead.
We got 4 slices, a dozen wings, and 2 small drinks.
The bill was almost $22!
What!?
They had a special for a dozen and a medium pie and it was cheaper or about the same price.
I pointed it out right after we paid and there was no reaction for the guy behind the counter.
I think that's a fail on their part to suggest we look at the specials.
When we sat down, the sun hit the tables in such a way that I could see that they hadn't been cleaned.
You could see the leftover parm and red pepper bits on the table.
It was empty except us and 2 other people came to eat in and one to take out.
There were 3 guys working that I saw.
They had time to wipe down tables.
The slices were pretty huge, I probably should have ordered one.
We got 3 pepperoni and mushroom and one cheese.
The pizza is pre-made and they just warm it, however they did not put the toppings on before they fired it, they did it after.
The pepperoni was limp and greasy since it just got residual heat from the pizza.
The shrooms are canned!
Ugh!
I much preferred the cheese and barely ate any of my pep and shroom.
The wings are tiny and we ordered hot, it was not hot at all.
The wings were crisp, but nothing special at all.
refills on drinks are 50cents.
I would not go back

Absolutely delicious!
We kept talking about going in and we finally did.
We had the philly cheasesteak, shrimp basket and pizza.
YUMMY!
My advice: DON'T  WAIT!
Prices are great, food is great and the staff is super nice.
What more could u ask for?

Maybe it's my bad for ordering a sub sandwich at a pizza place, but this was probably the worst sandwich I've ever had.
I finished less than a quarter of it.
I ordered the turkey sub which was ready fast on a huge hunk of French bread.
Too much bread really.
The turkey had an odd color to it and was really gelatinous.
The only flavor on the sandwich came from the Italian dressing that was all over it and it was not great at all.
Thank goodness it came with a little bag of lays chips because that was the only part I could eat.
It shouldn't be hard to do a decent sub, but if you can't spend the money on quality ingredients just take them off the menu.
I haven't tried the pizza, but the "by the slice" stuff looked yuck - greasy and not fresh.
I'm definitely not planning to go back

We're from Chicago, so we know Pizza when we taste it.
This is pizza is freaking AMAZING!
When we have this pizza it reminds us of Chicago (we prefer flat over deep dish- sorry my Chi-town peeps).
You can't go wrong with this pizza joint.
IMO hardly any grease.
Don't know why others have left bad reviews, but we only do takeout pizza & wings (haven't really checked the rest of the menu out).
I will say the place looks always clean when I walk in there.

I come here just to get the Chicken Alfredo pizza!
I am the only one in my family that eats it and so the owner makes it a little bit smaller than the menu size and charges me less!
So sweet!
I love to come here for a quick bite to eat and watch some football!
Never tried anything other than pizza and wings but have seen other things and they look tasty!

These pizzas are Huge!!
I got two large pepperoni pizzas and two days later still have 1/2 a pizza left over.
Now we are a family that loves pizza but, as big as these slices are all we needed was one to fill us up.
The mozzarella was very tasty and had a chewy New York style crust.
Went back a second time and still same great service.

Easily the best pizza on the west side of town...
Possibly the Valley in general.
If you live on the fringe of civilization like I do, as far as quality pizza goes, Garden really can't be beat.
I feel kinda boring in the sense that I generally only get the margherita every time I order, but....
It's really that good.
According to my mother, their cheesesteaks are pretty top notch as well, but who goes to a pizzeria for cheesesteaks?
At any rate, the pizzas are huge, delicious, and always ready to be picked up in just under 20 minutes on a weekday.
If you want a quality pie on the far west side that won't cut your mouth up like some of the more questionable chain-based offerings everywhere else, Garden Pizza is definitely where it's at.

We have ordered pizza to go a couple times from Garden Pizza and have enjoyed it, but recently we decided to stop in for dinner.
I have a whole new opinion of the place since then.
I really enjoyed the staff who were extremely welcoming to us and all of the patrons they interacted with.
We ordered a large meat pizza which was huge!
My husband can eat pizza so I was shocked when we had several pieces left.
We were also happy to see the pizza and wing combos that are available.
I ordered a glass of wine which turned out to be a mug of wine (did I mention I love this place) for $3.50.
It's close to our house and an amazing local business.
They also have awesome salads.
We will definitely be back!

So nice to finally find a family run and authentic restaurant in Goodyear.
Food was great, the atmosphere is friendly, and the food was fantastic.
The fact that they deliver is a huge plus!

Proud to support family owned restaurant.
I love riding my bike to the garden pizza and chilling out.
I do want a bar added to the  restaurant.
Overall tasty.

Pizza is good!
The wings are bomb!
Crispy just how I love them :) the single slices are pretty big n cheap of you ask me.
Sucks that they charge for refills.
I haven't personally tried anything else on the menu so I can't really say much about that.
Give it a try and see for your self

We stopped in here after playing golf and we all loved our food.
I had an excellent meatball sub and fries for a reasonable price.
I loved the bread as it was perfect like the kind of bread you get in Philly.
My buddies all loved their sliced pizza.
We definitely would come back when we are in this area again.

The mozerella sticks are the best.
Come here just for them.
Not crazy about the pizza but its not bad either.
You have to pay for refills on drinks.
The customer service is only good when the owner is in.
He is always on his phone however he is really nice and provides good customer service otherwise.
All the other employees are not very welcoming.
And the place seems to always be dirty.

My husband I finally tried Garden Pizza last week for dinner.
We ordered wings, zucchini, and a pizza.
The zucchini were burnt, pizza was average, and wings were disappointing.
Service was alright.
Nothing was good enough to make us want to come back.

Not really very good.
The place seemed nice and other reviews mentioned good pizza.
We ordered a large thin crust with tomato, mushrooms, pepper, cheese, and pepperoni.
The crust was not thin at all--and was just a touch doughy.
Lived in Italy for 4 years and this is not a "Palermo" crust.
Mushrooms tasted like that out of a can.
The young guy taking the order was stone-faced and didn't even say hello.
On the way out another guy (owner?
) was cheerful and seemed courteous.

