Tobacco Town is a cigar shop off the 215 and Rainbow across from the Best Buy.
This cigar shop also offers a good selection of pipe tobacco and even hookahs(?).
A little off your traditional cigar shop with the hookah thing, but hey, they have a decent size humidor and look to be adding to the store weekly.
Keep them in mind if your on that side of town and looking for a cigar.

Great place to relax and converse with great people as well as choosing from a vast array of cigars, pipe tobacco, and accessories.
Always greeted by a friendly and informative staff.
I also enjoy frequent cigar events.

My opinion for this Tobacco Town is extremely similar to my opinion of the Tobacco Town in Boca Park.
This location indeed is "one that boasts an array of cigars at fair prices, offers a comfortable lounge with a good environment, and has knowledgeable and friendly staff.
"  The only key difference in this location is the size.
This location, (off of the 215 on Rainbow), is larger than the Summerlin location in Boca Park.
They offer a larger selection of cigars as well as a larger lounge in the back.
But other than the size and selection, the prices are also fair and the staff is also very friendly and personable.
In regards to the previous review, this shop does offer a small selection of hookahs, primarily because of people asking for them.
But they do stay very classy and has a somewhat rustic feel to it.
In all, this is another gem of Las Vegas, as far as Cigar lounges go and generally speaking.

After my excellent time at the boca park location, I lucked out after Sams Club and seen tobacco town.
I stopped by, asked for Jim by recommendation and picked up a favorite cigar.
Same excellent service and next time I want to try something new.

Not a fan of the owner.

Nice workers with a large(no homo) selection!!!

If you need any other reason to go here, besides the excellent selection and prices, I would have to recommend it be to visit with Jim.
He's a class act, even if he is a Green Bay Packer fan.

Wonderful place.
Staff was very helpful and not at all pushy!
Will definitely be a regular here!

