Decided to check out the new casino and steakhouse.
I ordered the 24oz porterhouse and split it with my mother.
We also split a side order of asparagus and caesar salad.
Food was very good, steak was cooked to perfection (I ordered medium rare).
Price for the steak was a reasonable $40 based on other steakhouses in the area.
The reason I give 3 stars is that the service wasn't great.
This could be because they're new and have a few wrinkles to iron out.
I plan to go back in a couple of months to see if the service has improved.
I still prefer Durants and Donovans, however, if you're in the area or finding yourself hungry for a hunk of beef while losing money in the slot machines, spend your money upstairs at Shula's instead!

Shula's Steak House in the Wild Horse pass Casino is the first of it's kind in AZ.
There are 36 others throughout the country mainly in the east.
We went on on Thursday night early enough to get in without reservations although I would suggest them otherwise.
They seemed to fill up as the night went on.
The food was good, I would have to complain that the filet I ordered med-rare, probably came out of a warming oven and was medium-well.
Good quality beef, but not hot enough for my liking.
In fact nothing on my plate was hot.
The service was impeccable and the decor is nice.
Your typical dark wood and leather.
I could do without the menu imprinted on the football placed on our table with the tee.
Both looked unsanitary to me and I had no desire to touch them or have them set on the table.
Dessert was yummy and the bread was fabulous.
If you go make sure to ask about the "Birthday Special" which is $80/couple and only goes through March.

My wife & I ate here Jan 30th, 2010.. WHOA this place rocks.. We sat down and they came right over to ask us for drinks.
She ordered a sangria martini and I a vanilla vodka screwdriver.
They bring a cart around showing you the different cuts & sizes of the meats.
We asked about the "Coaches 80th Bday special" 2 fillets, king crab legs, asparagus & mashed taters for both.. Plus a salad & a desert!
And all for only $80..
The fillet was cooked perfectly, the asparagus had balsamic on it as well..
There was NOTHING wrong with the service or the meal.
For our desert we shared a piece of 7 layer choco cake..
The service was A++ the food was top notch.. We will not hesitate to dine there again or recommend this place to anyone.
Thank you for a wonderful 1st time visit!

I wish "underwhelmed" was the best I could say about this place but a more honest impression would be supreme disappointment.
We were seated and ordered a $170 bottle of wine - it took 20 minutes for the server to come back and we didn't even get water in the meantime.
I actually had to get up and find someone to pour us water.
It apprently helps to be friends with or share pictures of your kids with the server to get assistance.
I almost had a pitcher of ice in my lap while the table next to us had their water poured with a napkin as a splash guard.
The tomato/fresh mozzarella salad was sad...I would imagine better in a high school cafeteria.
The tomatoes were white, not ripe and the balsamic dressing average.
The 2 bright spots:  1)  the BBQ shrimp, though under cooked a bit, the fresh basil was a great burst of flavor combo with the BBQ sauce, 2) the grilled asparagus with balsamic reduction (sauce is not mentioned).
The sides are not the portions you would anticipate - true servings for 2-3, a couple of bites for 4, and I really mean bites not heaping spoonfulls.
The crab mac & cheese was decent for flavor but left both crab and cheese to be desired.
The plates weren't hot, my medium-rare filet was barely warm and chewy with so-so flavor and cooked unevenly.
My brother's porterhouse came rare not med-rare and was sent back.
After 10 minutes we had to ask where it was (something about we all have pagers and they will let us know - but apparently there was a pager failure).
It wasn't even worth trying desert the disappointment was too much to bear....I was embarassed to bring to my family here and pay so much for so little.
For a place that boasts they "eat, breathe and sleep"  meat I would suggest that they go back to bed and you spend your money at any Mastro's, Capital Grill,  or even The Keg.

The meal my husband and I ate here was not the most expensive we've ever shared but it was biggest waste of money.
We left feeling that we had paid top dollar for mediocre food.
Nothing was particularly bad, but I would say everything we ordered tasted like something you would eat at Chilli's or Applebees.
Even the specialty cocktails were a big disappointment and very overpriced.
As far as service goes, the hostess and our server were very friendly and accommodating but I have never experienced such slow service at a restaurant at this price point.
We had to remind our server about missing items and wait about 20 minutes for him to bring the check.
I did like the decor and thought that the football theme was fun but the way the tables are positioned makes the restaurant feel crowded even though it was not very full the night we went.
The tables are also way too small to accommodate the way they serve the side dishes (family style).
To sum up, even though I really wanted to like this place, it was not a good experience at all.
Please save your money.
We went for my husband's birthday dinner because it is close to where we live but I wish we would have just driven to Scottsdale and gone to Fogo de Chao.

This was my first time to Shula's.
I was disappointed.
Service was sloppy.
The waitstaff stepped on themselves and tried to take our order twice.
They made a good martini.
My wedge was great.
My steak was overdone.
Most everyone at the table had issues with either overdone or underdone.
The mac and cheese was so so.

My husband and I went here for a date night.. We were a little hesitant since the restaurant was located in a Casino.
It was one of the best meals that the have ever had.
The steak was very tender and seasoned just right.
This is a great place to go if you appreciate a great steak!
Our server could have been a little bit better, but I will for sure go back there!

Thought I died and went straight to "The Best Steak Ever" heaven... seriously.
Menu was defininately pricey but worth every cent!
A la carte menu had plenty of salads and sides to add on but the 8 oz.
filet I had was the real dream and it was cooked perfectly at medium rare (which the server had me check before he left the table).
My only wish for this place was that they had a larger bar area... only 5 seats.
It's upstairs on the second level of the casino so there was hardly any noise from all the slot machines below.
If you've got the cash, you certainly want to try this place!

Poor service and all 7 of our steaks were literally cold when the finally came out.
Will never go back.
Ruth Cris is 10x better.

Went to Shula's last week while doing work in Phoenix.
I ate at the bar, had a pleasant bartender, delicious salad followed by some of the most tender Tenderloin Tips that I have ever had.
This is a top notch restaurant that is recommended by this steak connoisseur.
Also, from a bang for the buck perspective, it is tough to beat for this high level quality of food.
Why not the fifth star?
They didn't have a bar scene to speak of... although it was a Tuesday night.

For my husband's birthday, I wanted to treat him with something special in the way of dinner, so we made reservations at Shula's.
I had mentioned in passing at the time I made the reservations that it was my husband's birthday.
When we arrived, we were escorted to a little alcove with a nameplate that said "Happy Birthday" on it.
Very neat.
Our waitress was awesome!
We never had to ask for refills which is a huge thing with me.
For the food, mostly it was wonderful with one small exception (which is why this isn't a five-star review).
We started with the BBQ Shrimp (with stuffed basil) as an appetizer.
It was delicious!
Highly recommend this appetizer.
Next up, we shared a Caesar salad.
We told the waitress we were going to share the salad so we were a little surprised when it was brought out to us on one plate with a spare plate to shovel half of it on to... why couldn't they have done this for us to spare us the mess on the table?
Anyway, Caesar salad was tasty - not the best (see The Grapevine in Scottsdale), but very good.
For our entrees, I got the 8oz filet and the birthday boy got the cowboy steak - we both requested Medium which was described as a warm pink.
My filet came out as a medium-well - no pink.
Husband's steak came out a bit more on the red side than warm pink.
Odd since we both requested Medium and they came out so different.
Husband's steak was FABULOUS - deliciously seasoned and melt in your mouth bliss!!
Mine, if it had been medium, I imagine it would have also been fabulous, but as it was, it was good.
I decided not to send it back because I didn't want to have to eat it after Husband was already done with his dinner.
We also shared the crab mac-and-cheese side which was VERY good.
I highly recommend this side dish.
My only nitpick on it is that it was a little oversalted, but this might not bother others - I just happen to not like salt very much.
For dessert, they treated us to the 7-layer chocolate cake.
Warning... this cake is unbelievably rich so prepare yourself if you order it.
It came with a strawberry sitting in strawberry sauce.
The only thing that could have made this better would have been if the strawberry sauce had been drizzled over the cake.
Overall, a wonderfully romantic dinner with my Husband on his birthday.
Excellent service.
The food was VERY good with the exception of the uneven cooking of the steaks.

If you enjoy cold food, served on cold plates this is the place for you.
Bring your canteen as well if your thirsty, drinks are scarce.

Walked into the steakhouse last night - had the perfect atmosphere.
Decorations and theme (football) was on the mark.
We even got a signed Shula football at our table.
The waitstaff was very attentive and the general manager was fun to talk to!
We ordered the prime rib and 8 oz filet along with the crab mac and cheese.
All dishes were superb.
The only reason Shula's doesn't get a 5 star rating is because the filet was requested medium well and arrived well done - if not more done than that.
The prime rib was perfect along with the atomic horseradish!
None of the creamy stuff here, please.
Great evening in a cozy setting - will definitely visit again.

I gave this four stars only because we've been twice prior and have absolutely loved it.
If I was grading on this visit alone I would have awarded three stars.
We went to Shula's for my birthday dinner, which included a free entrée.
The dinner was amazing with one exception...MY ENTRÉE.
The service was fast and efficient, bread and wine were wonderful and the beefsteak tomato and gorgonzola salad was easily split by the two of us.
The two tomato slices were huge and dominated the salad, so if you like that much tomato this is the salad for you.
My wife thought it was spectacular; it was a little much for me.
My wife ordered the special, which was a crusted Chilean Sea Bass and was absolutely perfectly prepared, while I ordered the 16 oz.
New York Strip.
At a quality restaurant my wife will normally order a seafood dish, I'll order a steak and we'll work the whole splitzy thing.
When my steak was delivered they ask you to cut into the middle to determine if it is properly prepared.
I always order my steak medium rare, so I cut into it and it was still raw in the middle.
While they were putting the steak back on the grill my wife and I split the seabass and were amazed at how thick the cut of seafood was and how perfectly moist and flavorful it was served.
I feared it might be undercooked in the middle due to its size, but the fear was unfounded.
The steak was returned about half way through the seabass and I while it was now a perfect medium rare I could not believe how tough and bland it was.
My wife commented when she saw me adding salt and pepper to the steak as I don't think I've ever had to add anything at a fine steakhouse.
I told her to taste hers and she immediately had me pass the salt and pepper to her.
Very disappointing.
For a side we ordered the crab mac/cheese which is always a winner and tonight was no different.
We rotate the side on our visits between the crab mac/cheese and lobster mashed potatoes and both are phenomenal.
I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the layered chocolate cake we had comped for my birthday as it was huge and we just took it to go.
All in all we had an enjoyable dinner experience, but the weakest part of the meal should not be one of their signature steaks.
From a meat standpoint I'll stick to either the filet or prime rib, both of which are top notch.

Incredible!
Not a thing to complain about.
Can't wait to go back.

Shula's tries to combine upscale steakhouse with football to disastrous (though frequently hilarious) results.
They take you on a "tour" before seating you, showing you a replica Lombardi trophy and telling you all about the '72 Dolphins undefeated season.
I found it especially hysterical the hostess took extra care to point out this trophy is a replica.
You mean the real Lombardi trophy isn't kept at a steakhouse inside a shitty Indian casino in Chandler, AZ????
Shocking.
Equally entertaining was how the hostess kept droning on about the '72 Dolphins long after we made it clear we didn't care.
Um lady?
It's just me and 2 female coworkers.
We're all hungry and none of us give a shit about the '72 Dolphins.
Apparently we were also supposed to be impressed by the black-and-white pictures of the '72 Dolphins on the walls.
Oooh, black-and-white pictures, how artsy.
Someone took a couple photography classes at community college.
After concluding that fascinating "tour" we were finally taken to our table.
We were all exchanging "that was weird" looks when the waitress handed us our drink menus and explained the steak menu was painted on the football she was carrying.
I know what you're thinking, and the answer is yes, it was a regulation sized football and yes, it was hand painted.
She made sure to mention this last fact twice.
I mean, what kind of upscale steakhouse would it be if its steak menu was painted on a football by a...
MACHINE???
Pish posh.
Anyway, that's when things went from amusing to "I will never set foot in this restaurant again.
" The hostess puts the football on a tee and sets it down RIGHT ON MY COWORKER'S PLATE.
Gross.
I wish I had taken a picture cuz the look on her face was PRICELESS.
The waitress seemed shocked and somewhat offended she asked for another plate.
The nerve!!!
And this, my friends, was the straw that broke the proverbial '72 Dolphins back.
I can handle being bored to death by an over-enthusiastic hostess.
I can handle my menus hand painted on footballs.
But if you have the nerve to charge $50-60 for a steak as this supposedly "upscale" steakhouse does, I will not tolerate a dirty football on my plate nor being treated like asking for a clean plate is an outrageous request.
We left without even drinking our waters

You can only hope the song and dance about the 72 dolphins hasn't been going on for the past 39 years, very cheesy for a "high end" restaurant.
This isn't the HOF we are here to eat.
BTW, nice footie ball on my plate but remind me why something that is tossed or kicked is on my plate?
The service was excellent the food is expensive and very so-so.
Appetizers were okay and definitely not memorable.
My medium-rare Kansas City cut was way over done, there is no going back to a steakhouse that can't figure out how to cook a steak, the side dish of crab mac'n cheese was tepid.

On on November 17, 2011 went to Shula's steak house and below are the reasons why I was disappointed with the food and the service"  1.
We ordered a bottle of wine to the table and when the waitress poured the wine, she spilled it on our plates where we were eating bread and butter.
She then poured the 2nd glass and never even acknowledges there was a spill nor bothered to clean it up from the plate.
Our dinner took longer than expected - we waited about 45-55 minutes to get 2 steaks with sides as requested.
In most cases, steaks will not take an hour to cook or at least the waitress should give us heads up that it will take about an hour to get our food to the table.
I was very disappointed that our food took over an hour to come to the table.
The 12oz steak which was served to me was prepared well done as I asked for it to be medium - as you know there is a big difference between the 2 temperatures of the cooking the steaks.
I ate one bite and couldn't eat the rest.
Since our food took about an hour to come to the table, I didn't want to get another steak because it would have taken another hour or so for another steak.
Over the course of the night - I was very fed up with the food and most importantly fed up with the waitress as she lacked to be honest with her customers and no sense of professionalism if you make a mistake apologize!
It's not a big deal clean it up and listen to your customers.
This was a special dinner as this was my anniversary and I was very unhappy and displeased with the entire environment.
My girlfriend kept saying don't worry it's nothing and it's ok.
But honestly when you spend that much money on dinner you expect at a minimum to receive a decent food with a decent service.
But at the price I paid I expected top notch which I did not receive at all.
Waste of money!
I don't recommend it and will never go there again.

Shula's is located on the second floor of the Wild Horse Pass Hotel and Casino.
There is a bit of walking to get to the restaurant and the ventilation in the casino needs some work.
However, once inside the restaurant, any smell from the casino seems to disappear.
I made a reservation using OpenTable a week before as I assumed the restaurant might have a lot of guests since my work and another large group were attending conferences in the area and staying in the hotel.
No matter the combination of time and party size, there was only one spot available.
When I entered the restaurant, there were many open tables available.
The service here is a hit and miss.
The receptionist seemed like a snob, not saying a word when I told them my name and reservation time.
They just grabbed menus and gave me a look to follow.
Maybe this person was too good for my group and I?
We were also introduced to two rather enthusiastic waitresses which I didn't mind at all, but were absent quite a bit during our meal.
I didn't get a tour of the restaurant like some of the fellow reviewers had, but I was perfectly without it.
I felt that the football and the menu of the steaks on it is a nice touch (luckily it was not placed on top of our plate) and the cart showing how each cut of steak looks is neat.
I opted for the cowboy steak (medium rare) while my coworkers order the filet mignon (medium).
My cowboy steak was cooked perfectly while also having a little crust.
I honestly felt that it was delicious.
My coworkers filet mignon appeared to be good and they enjoyed it.
We also ordered the lobster mashed potatoes and crab mac and cheese.
The lobster mashed potatoes were decent while the crab mac and cheese were not special.
Both seemed to have a subpar amount of seafood.
Prices are comparable to any steakhouse.
I might come back when I attend another conference in the area and too lazy to drive to the restaurants off Ray Road.

First off, I have to say, I was born and bred in Miami, FL.
So, the Shula's concept brings back some wonderful childhood memories of attending the Miami Dolphins games with my family.
I've also been to the original Shula's in Miami Lakes when they first opened, and a number of times after that.
So, the football theme doesn't bother me at all, like some others that have left reviews.
This was actually the 3rd time we've been to this Shula's, and the first 2 times were as wonderful as this time was.
We were staying at the Wild Horse Pass Hotel for the night after catching a show.
We weren't sure what we'd be in the mood for after the show, so we decided to play it by ear.
After having a fantastic time at the show, we realized it could only be made that much better by having dinner at Shula's.
We didn't  have a reservation, and this being a Friday night, we weren't sure if there might be a wait.
It was about 10pm and the restaurant was crowded when we arrived.
We told the hostess we didn't have a reservation, but she said we could be seated momentarily, and we were.
The hostess was very friendly, as was our 3-person waitstaff.
Our drink orders were taken immediately, then we were given the steak presentation.
I pretty much already knew what I was gonna have, but my husband was still on the fence.
The service was slow and steady, just as it should be when having a big meal.
We never felt rushed at all.
The bread was delicious, hot and soft.
Hubby had a caesar salad and I had the lobster bisque.
They were both outstanding!
For our main courses, he had the bone-in ribeye and I had the 8oz.
filet, with sides of grilled onions (I love them on my steak) and the hashbrowns.
We both finished everything on our plates.
My filet was cooked to perfection and it melted in my mouth.
We were too full for dessert.
Overall, it was a delectably delicious meal, and I can't wait for another special occasion to head out to Chandler and visit Shula's again.

Well I went to this steakhouse on a double dinner date.
It was not too busy, the service was good and the place is pretty nice too.
I had the prime rib and it was very good, the mashed potatoes were excellent.
The bill was not too pricey, I think for the 4 of us with drinks was only $200 or something, we might even have had an appetizer too.
I enjoyed it but have only went that one time, I am due for another trip there I think.
I do think The Keg at Tempe Marketplace is a better steakhouse though.

Food was awesome, staff seemed awesome minus our waitress that was a frazzled mess the entire night.
She was nice, but forgot everything and was extremely slow.
Def one of the nicer, better restaurants at Wild Horse Pass Casino.

I went to Shula's for a small dinner party for a friend's 40th birthday on 09.04.12..  As we arrived, I noticed a sign "still undefeated.
"  Well, Shula's lost that evening because the service was dreadful, now they're 14 - 1.
The waitress was nice and knew the birthday boy and his girlfriend from past dinners.
Honestly, I believe the poor service was not her fault.
Instead, it was the back-end staff's inability to deliver our orders in a timely manner and their inability to deliver what we ordered.
We placed two orders of the crab mac-n-cheese and we had to ask an additional two times for the food.
The food was still very good, but for close to a million dollars a plate, I was expecting better service.
I will keep giving my business to Durants.
Go Raiders!

Have always wanted to have dinner at Shula's because I am a fan of the coach.
With the pricing of a top notch steak house you expect good service and exceptional food.
Neither was delivered.
730pm reservations and seated promptly.
It was a long time to get drinks, long time to place the order, and even longer to get the food.
From order to arrival it was roughly an hour.
We had one waiter and it seemed that he had no help for 12 people.
Average ticket for dinner was in excess of $150 with of course the mandatory tip.
Ahi was very good, Ribeye was below average but cooked well.
Cut had grizzle and seasoning was weak.
Crab Mac & cheese was good.
Sat with empty drinks several times and the long wait for food seemed to be a management issue.

Came here tonight for the second time for a birthday dinner.
I had the 24oz cowboy cut (ribeye) and it was excellent.
I ordered it medium rare as any usda prime steak should be ordered.
It was juicy with a nice char on the outside and cooked to perfection.
The truffel fries and grilled asparagus were also great.
A nice glass of red wine set it right off!
I definitely recommend this place for a great steak.
But make sure you bring enough cash because its quite pricey

This place is all class, Lovely setting, The food is to die for, I order the dual lobster  ith lobster mashed potatoes.
Real pricey, but oh so worth it.
Sweet delight.

I'm going to start off buy saying I'm not a steak person.
So why was I at Shula's?
I was attending a vendor dinner, got the invite and couldn't turn down an offer for a ridiculously priced dinner and ...I love football so you can see the connection.
The football memorabilia was plentiful.
They even put an autographed football/menu on your table for a short time.
Our server, totally scripted in reading off all about the steaks, thanks for the meat lesson by the way, was very nice and totally handled our party of seven.
I ended up getting the crab cakes.
They were worth every penny.
Probably better than any seafood place back home.
I had a side salad and we ordered the crab and cheese macaroni, asparagus, and potatoes as sides.
I also indulged in the cherry noir martini, I even had two!
Very good.
Overall, very good dining experience.
I just don't see myself paying for this type of meal on my own.

I love this place.
Great food and great service!

The steaks were amazing...cooked perfectly.
The shrimp cocktail thick and meaty...great flavor.
We enjoyed the great service of the very attentive staff.
We look forward to a return trip back with visiting friends.

Great food and great service!!!
We went with a large group on Valentine's Day and had a nice meal.
To start my girlfriend had the wedge salad and I had the lobster bisque.
The lobster bisque was very good.
We both had filets.
Hers was the bone in filet with mashed potatoes and mine was the filet Oscar.
The steaks were cooked perfectly and were flavorful and juicy.
We split the crab Mac and cheese for our side which could have feed 3 people.
There were big pieces of crab in it.
Yum!!
For dessert we shared the dulce de leche cheesecake and it was outstanding.
Overall we had a great time and can't wait to return.
Expect to spend some coin cause its a little pricey but worth every penny.

The wine list at a new restaurant often makes or breaks the place for me.
Shula's' wine list ROCKS!
You want a cab by the glass?
They have three.
A bottle of Montrachet?
You've got it!
Afraid of most restaurant wine prices?
The prices here are some of the most reasonable I've seen.
I'd definitely return just for the wine list.
We got a small tour of the photos, with the replica trophy pointed out.
A little strange, but not the super-weird experience some others mentioned.
I started off with the French onion soup.
Stellar.
For an entree, I had their lamb porterhouse.
Five stars.
Our server got out his nifty little penlight and had us check the temperature before he left the table.
Two thumbs up there.
It was perfectly medium rare.
That they have a lamb steak makes me incredibly happy, and the wine-mint glaze that accompanies said lamb is divine.
The sides didn't wow me.
Three stars.
The crab mac was definitely tasty, but I guess I was expecting big chunks of crab, which I never found.
Plenty of crab flavor; I just had different expectations, I suppose.
The grilled asparagus was also good, but nothing I couldn't make at home.
The green beans were probably my fave.
The citrus glaze and julienned peppers were an awesome combination.
They were a little sweet for Dad, but I was pleased.
I was too stuffed for dessert, so I can't chime in there.
Possibly the most impressive part of our night was the service.
I came in with my dad, who was visiting from 3000 miles away.
Neither of us had ever been to a Shula's.
When the floor manager, Jon, heard that it was a treat for us, he made sure we were more than taken care of.
Or perhaps their service really is that amazing.
Either way, five stars plus.
Expensive?
Yes.
Worth it?
Mostly.
I'll be back.

Would get 5 stars but I don't get why everything has to be that expensive, and it is really loud in the restaurant.
There is nothing to absorb all the sounds.
We have been there a few times now and none of the visits have been the same, not even the food was consistant.
Don't get me wrong, the food is good and a lot even really good, but it isn't the best food I have ever had even though it does cost the most.
The sides are big enough to share but I am not a fan of sharing my food.
All the servers have been pretty good with the exception of Kim, I believed she didn't work as well since we had a party of 6 that time so she added a gratutity on.
Be prepared to be there for a while seeing as everything takes a while to get out.
I will go back again seeing how I get food comps from the casino, and even then can barely afford to go.

How big do you like your meat?
If you answer is HUGE AND RAW then Shula's is the place for  you.
Fantastic selection of amazing beef.
Everything from the moment you walk in the door feels so cozy and attended to.
I am no sports fan, however I am a football sized hunk of red meat fan.
I highly recommend Shula's Steak House to anyone looking for an unforgettable experience dining in Chandler.
This is probably the finest steak house this side of Downtown PHX.

My wife & I have be here 3 times in the last 6 months and have enjoyed every time.
I got the NY strip steak twice and the porterhouse once, my wife always orders an app for her meal.
The strip was better than the porterhouse and we've tried several of the apps...all good.
The drinks are pricey as expected, $12 and up.
The service is good, not really on par as Morton's or Fleming's.
One of the trips we had to wait 15 min for out bill after we were done which was very aggrevating.
I didn't not smell any smoke from the casino as other reviews had mentioned.
Yes, it is a steakhouse so it is going to be loud, get over it.
Don't forget to bring the wallet.

Awesome experience

Another trip to Shula's and another star off.
The food is always solid here, the food is not the problem.
The service is the problem.
My wife & I dined on a Saturday night where the restuarant was not even half full when we sat down.
I will not name the server(Jennifer), ok maybe I will.
She was friendly and a bit aloof.
Everything was timed well until we finished out salads.
It took our entrees an hour to come out after our salad dishes were cleared away.
When I questioned her 45 min in she said that her assistant had the kitchen beeper and tried to blame the lenth of time on her...really!
No apology, no dessert is on us, just finger pointing at her underling.
When I am spending $247 before tip on dinner, this is clearly unacceptable.
Normally at nicer restaurants I tend to tip at around 25%, not today...15% and she did not deserve that.
I may be back to Shula's, I may not...the management needs to spend more time at getting service up to speed.
They deserved 2.5 stars, but I gave them the benefit of doubt.

We visited with a large party last night.
The food was outstanding!
It does take awhile, but it was well worth the wait.
Of course the filet, lump crab meat, and desserts were outstanding - the biggest surprise for me was how great the roasted corn is!

we went to this location for valentines day this year .
i was truly impressed while the prices ar steep i cal fully say that they are worth it.
dinner seemed like a well orchistated event .
every thing times perfectly.
the wait staff seems to be there to do a job only and they do leave u alone to enjoy ur meal.
i look forward to returning to shulas in july

I had the opportunity to eat at Shula's yesterday, 6/29/13.
I knew from my research that it was supposed to be fine dining with fabulous steaks.
I sat down and there were 3 or 4 people attending to me.
It was a real experience for me to be 'presented' with and educated about their meats in this way.
The portions are GIGANTIC in all of their offerings, which I am NOT complaining about AT ALL, just be prepared to take a doggie-bag home!
I was there on my own and knew I had a long drive home so I did not order a glass of wine even though I really wanted to and their wines looked fab!
I settled on the cowboy steak (24oz on bone), a lobster tail, grilled asparagus and a house garden salad.
Iced Tea to drink.
I was there on a birthday comp so they put a birthday sign on my table and packed me up a luscious LARGE piece of comp chocolate cake to go!
Salad and bread came... YUM.
I am a lover of good breads!
The salad was a lovely mix of fresh greens with sliced grape tomatoes, hearts of palm etc.
Exactly as I finished up my salad my server brought my steak, asparagus and lobster.
My steak was COOKED TO PERFECTION.
I am a 'medium' person and don't like blood...
PERFECTLY PINK ALL THROUGH AND NO BLOOD.
OMG the steak literally melted in my mouth and this was NOT a tenderloin cut!
The asparagus was a HUGE bunch like you would get in the grocery store, awesome... and the lobster was beyond scrumptious.
Coffee to top it all off with a tab of $95.00 (not including the tip.
)  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this restaurant.
I have read reviews about how noisy it was there and I found it to be quiet with a lovely atmosphere.
I did not at all feel 'on display' as I often have in some other restaurants when I go dine alone.
The staff are GREAT!!
I have a brother who has been a server in 5Star restaurants most of his life so I am quite familiar with how they 'should' be... and Shula's makes the grade for sure.
This truly was the best steak I have ever eaten and I am 61 yrs old and have lived all over the country and been in many many venue.
Fabulous food and it was SO NICE TO BE PAMPERED as well!!
Everything is ordered ala carte and is pricey so if you can afford to dine out in style don't miss out going to Shula's!!

Shula's does some things amazingly well, and somethings ... well ... confusing.
We had a 7:15 reservation.
We walked in the door, and there were 4 hosts there (or 3 and a manager).
Though we were here for our 10th anniversary - which I noted on our electronic reservation - we were not asked if we were celebrating anything (as I overheard someone else being asked) and it was not acknowledged in any way.
We were walked back with the host explaining the concept ('72 dolphins, here's a fake trophy, etc).
He was carrying this football and put it on the table.
More about that in a moment.
We were seated near the 'boardroom' where there was a big anniversary party going on.
I wasn't pleased with that, but it turned out somewhat OK - more on that later.
Our 3 person waitstaff was quite excellent.
I started with a Cherry Noir martini which was frekin unreal.
Best martini I've ever had.
My wife had a virgin Mojito since she's preggers.
She had lobster bisque and I started with the French Onion Soup.
Both were excellent.
The meat presentation was well rehearsed.
The talk about "less than 1% of meat qualifies as a Shula's cut" created a lot of expectation and anticipation on my part.
My wife chose the crab cakes and I got a Kansas City Strip.
We chose the potato gratin for our side.
The meat took a long time to come out, which was fine, as my wife and I were debating names for our so-far unnamed and unsexed (yes, we're going to find out) unborn child.
Potato Gratin was quite excellent.
Full of parm flavor.
Wife enjoyed her crab cakes - which were so large she was only able to eat one.
My steak was good ... but at $45 ... was not mind blowing.
Maybe there was too much work up to it.
Maybe I should have gotten the filet like my wife expected me too.
Who knows.
Here's what I didn't like.
Some of this falls on the restaurant, some of it falls on the people going there.
Look, I get that it's owned by Don Shula.
I know he was a coach.
But if I want to get food at a sports bar, I go to a sports bar.
This place is a monument to the man and his football, and it needs to decide if it is a high class high end steakhouse competing with Monti's, Flemings and Ruth's, or if it is a place about football.
Get rid of the 'football menu.
'  It is awkward for both you and your staff.
Great, it has Don Shula's autograph on it.
Which was faded and couldn't even be read anymore.
I do not expect kitch when spending $200 on a meal.
I expect food.
GREAT food.
If you're going to come here for dinner, DON'T WEAR SHORTS.
What the hell is wrong with you.
If you bring your kid, DON'T LET THEM WEAR SANDALS.
What the hell is wrong with your parenting skills?
and DON'T LET THEM TALK ON THE DAMN PHONE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DINING ROOM.
Have some damn consideration to the people around you who are spending a large chunk of money on their dining experience.
Can the restaurant do anything about this?
Sure - in your confirmation, mention your dress code.
No, I don't expect people to wear coats - this is Arizona after all.
Even resort shorts or nice jeans might be OK, but this is a special occasion place.
Have some frekin class.
The food and service are 4 -  4.5 stars, but the overall experience left me confused  and slightly annoyed.

Pros:  They had our reservation and we were seated right away.
Constant attention by multiple waitresses.
The Lobster Bisque with added sherry actually had too much sherry.
They replaced it right away.
The Creme Brulee trio, Roasted Corn side, and French Onion soup were great.
Cons: Atmosphere.
People in tank tops and sandals and the football stuff everywhere.
Sub par food.
I had the lamb porterhouse which was just ok. For $41, ouch.
The Lobster Bisque was terrible.
The gf got the cowboy ribeye which was good but overcooked a bit.
Everything that we had was nothing special or below standard and for the price, was a really big let down.
The staff/customer service were exceptional.

Went Thursday night for my birthday, there was 4 of us and Brian was our server.
He had to have been newer because he didn't know what I was talking about when I said twice baked, the old way.
We had a reservation for 2130, and there were still a few tables inside.
Tyler brought us water while Brian was getting our Dragon Berry Mojitos...SUPER YUMMY!
I also ordered calamari when I ordered the drinks since I was hungry enough to eat the table.
Since I already that the food there takes a while to come out,  I asked for bread and it finally came out halfway through the calamari, keep in mind it was ordered with the calamari.
One of the pieces of bread had a long hair IN it, I covered the plate with my napkin since that is one of 2 things that I can't bear to see or think of or else I get sick, and told Brian about it.
Never heard anything about it, and NEVER saw a manager.
Most places as soon as one heard about it, they would be right over, so I don't even know if one was told.
The rest of the food was great, filets, and pork chop 4th quarter special, along with steamed asparagus and lobster mash.
Our bill for the 4 of us was $300.83.
Jeff and the busser that came from Roadhouse were really nice and helpful too.
Even as good as the rest of the food was, still couldn't quite get over the thought of the hair.

Came here for a random date night and had an 'A-Ok' experience.
Walking through the casino through a cloud of smoke (seriously, I'm not sure this place has any ventilation) wasn't appreciated but I can't really hold it against Shula's.
Just not something I'd recommend other's bring a date to if they're trying to impress.
We had reservations for 6:30 and encountered some traffic on our way there so we called to let them know we'd be a few minutes late.
I had a very weird conversation with someone and when I said we'd be a few minutes late, she said, okay, we'll see you at 7:30.
I corrected her and said no, it would be closer to 6:45.
Luckily the traffic let up a bit and we walked in at 6:40.
There were three people at the hostess stand and were all working on checking in a party of 5 that took several minutes.
Not a single one smiled at us as we stood there and waited, which is always a big no-no in my book, especially when you know the dinner check is going to be well over $100.
We were finally acknowledged, checked in and showed to our table.
I was appreciative that I didn't have to hear the football stories either.
*Date Note - Unless your date is a sports fan or you're looking for an unromantic evening, you might skip this place (I saw a few other parties that we're subjected to the stories and photo descriptions as they were making their way to the table).
Maybe it floats some peoples boats, but definitely not mine.
We had the team of three different servers helping us through our dinner.
While they were all pretty good, only one smiled throughout our dinner.
We ordered a bottle of their moscato wine given the reasonable price of $32 for the bottle, the crabcake and wedge salad as our starters, the 12oz filet to share (medium to med-rare), the scalloped potatoes and the roasted corn for sides.
Service moved fairly quickly for the steakhouse but I think it helped that we ordered everything at once.
The bread we were served was pretty good.
The crabcake and chutney sauce was good too.
I'd never had a crabcrake and the fiance said it was probably one of the top five he's tasted.
The wedge salad was standard, nothing spectacular...the same for the steak.
It was cooked to a solid medium with no blood on the plate.
The meat had good flavor but there was no other seasoning on it.
It was accompanied by a bernause sauce that was okay, a bit heavy.
I probably would have enjoyed it more if I had ordered another sauce for $2.
Each side was okay, nothing spectacular in my opinion.
I might go for the mashed potatoes and the creamed spinach if there is a next time.
Since we shared the steak we opted for the $16 lava cake at our servers recommendation saying it was the best on the menu.
If that was the best, I'd hate to try the other deserts.
The presentation wasn't great.
The flourless chocolate lava cake was on a plate by itself and then in two small cups were a scoop of ice cream and of their whipped cream.
I though Chili's lava cake was better than this one.
Its not something I order very often and I would definitely skip it the next time.
Overall, this was just an okay experience.
Not somewhere I would ever take anyone to make an impression.
I'd only maybe visit there if I somehow decided I could take the smoke and go gamble a bit and was in the mood for steak.

Average steakhouse.
I heard the Cowboy steak was good which unfortunately I did not have.
I had the filet which was average at best.
The server was good but nothing else was too memorable.
Probably the biggest turnoff was the restaurant was inside one stinky and smoky casino which is not for me.

Ate at Shulas last night and it was disappointing right away.
There were 4 of us and the server addressed the men and not the women... not a good start.
We had 2 kc steaks, 1 filet and 1 shula cut porterhouse $45.
All the steaks were good except for my porterhorse and I do mean horse.
I don't know if I've ever had a piece of meet so tough.
The problem is the chef or manager never came over to look at and or to discuss the problem.
The server acknowledged how tough it was apologized and offered a free piece of cake.
If I wanted cake I would have ordered cake.
Anyway... they bring us our bill and it was $464.
They overcharged us $130.00.
They added another filet, another baked potato, an asparagus and they thought they would charge me for 2 porterhouse steaks since I didn't like the one I was served.
After about 30 minutes of trying to figure out our bill and the manager still not showing up, I demanded they remove the porterhouse which they finally did.
Very disappointing night for an expensive restaurant.
We won't be back.
Aside from our disappointing dinner the ambience is not very good.
We've been to Ditkas which is a sports themed steakhouse and it was great.
Shulas not so much.
Bypass this spot as you won't miss much.
Go to Flemings or Mastros instead.

Nine of us had dinner and I was under-impressed.
initial greeting by staff was nice, seemed to be lots of attention as you would expect.
I had a bone in filet that was excellent and we ordered seafood appetizers that were good.
shortcoming was in the delivery of our entrees - 9 people, one server plus a helper took three trips to the kitchen to get all entrees down, not what I expect in any restaurant particularly one where entrees begin in the mid $40's.

The hubby and I went back on Halloween since we had a bad experience for my bday and they were trying to redeem themselves.
The host and hostess that were on were super friendly and smiled liked hosts should.
The restaurant was clean, as it should be.
Jeannie, Jeff, and Tyler (the one that has been there longer) were the people taking care of us.
Jeannie was really nice, seemed timid and unsure, I even had to tell her how to do one of the comps at the end.
We started with french onion soup (always a great choice), and blackened scallops with mango salsa ( tasted great, but was $14 for 2, salsa was okay, not a fan of mangoes).
Jeff took our order because they had gotten other tables, (just because there are 3 people helping each team does not mean they can handle 6 tables and still be effective).
He got the chicken, meh; he liked it, but then again he will eat just about everything.
I got the quarterly special because it comes with the pecan tart.
I asked for my steak to be mid rare and it came out medium, I let them know and said I didn't want it remade because I didn't want to wait that long for my meal to come back, the steak had really dry overcooked onions and mushrooms topping it, (told Bob but he made it seem like I was crazy since they are cooked to order, STILL HAPPENS!
)  I did get the lobster add on, Jeff tried to push me into the bigger one which was $15 more but I had already stated which one I wanted, don't be pushy.
It was good.
For the sides we got steamed asparagus, scallop potatoes, and truffle fries, (the truffle fries tasted like regular fries with parsley, tasted no truffle oil, and saw a couple specks of parm but couldn't taste it).
For dessert we had the chocolate bourbon pecan tart with vanilla bean ice cream.
We had the same thing on my bday and it was AMAZING!, however, this time it wasn't the same, I was informed that it came from the same company but that doesn't mean squat to me, the only way you are going to know that it didn't change at all is if it was made in house...speaking of, why is a restaurant of this "quality" not making their own desserts?
If I had know that the tart was going to taste like that then I would have gotten something else all together.
Tyler was great!
always filled our glasses, actually both of them ended up helping us and they did better than the servers.
Jeff asked if we wanted the rest of our stuff boxed up, and then decided that he needed to help other tables instead and pushed it off on the new Tyler, and while he ran to get the to go ramekins I stole the boxes and did it myself since I was ready to go and could do it quickly.
Took 20 minutes to get our bill and have Jeannie take the comps off and give it back, I didn't have to wait for change (luckily) because I made sure to have enough cash.
Bob was out doing his table touches and every time he came to our table he gave an awkward feeling, it was not natural at all, seemed very uncomfortable which I thought was weird since talking to him on the phone was great and he was funny, but not in person.
I think it is going to be a while before we go back, every time it seems to be something and for a restaurant that charges that much, it should never be anything that is less than outstanding

3rd time to dine here.
The service was excellent, the Norwegian Wild Salmon was grilled to perfection.
Also, love the way they prepare their Calamari.
Everything was great except the Cesar Salad, tasted okay however the lettuce was not crisp and fresh as it should have been for the price.
that is why I gave it four stars.

We made reservations at Shula's Steak House for our Christmas Eve dinner.
We were there 10 minutes before our reservation time and were seated right away.
A server didn't appear at our table for at least 15 minutes.
Finally he took our drink order and we ordered an appitizer.
The appitizer came out 20 minutes later however, we still didn't have our drinks and the server had never returned to take our order.
We ate our appitizer which was very tasty and finally the server came back to take our order.
We expressed how long it was taking and he told us it would be better for us to leave and not to worry about the appitizer.
It seemed he was glad to get rid of our table.
Very dissappointing as it was a special time for our family to get together...

Took my wife for birthday dinner and was very disappointed.
Steaks had no flavor, we're only warm and took 30 minutes.
The lobster Mac and cheese was equally not impressive.
This is a Morton's want to be and not even coming close.
Spent $150 for two people and have made better steaks from costco.
Don't waste your money.

The only reason I gave 3 stars is because my steak & my wife's lobster were awesome, after that it was all downhill.
Started off with the waitress telling us that they did not have stone crabs because of the federal shutdown the stone crabs were poor quality.
???
Ordered another beer, the server dumped it into my glass without even picking it up, let alone tipping it.
One big glass of foam.
Salads came, we had to ask for bread.
My oysters were unbelievably gritty.
The side of spinach was so over seasoned with garlic that it was inedible.
And the icing on the cake was when our actual waitress (who we did not meet until halfway through the entre) put the bill on the table and told us they had run out of bill/credit card holders.
When we left the restaurant was half empty.
Not going back.

What a meal!
I was really surprised by this place.
You dont expect this quality in a casino.
I went with a party of 6 and had a gargantuan meal.
For starters this was the best calamari i had ever eaten, hands down.
My 24oz porterhouse was cooked to perfection.
I tasted some of my brothers lamb, it was lamby... Not my taste but he loved it.
The chocolate cake was meh...
But the creme brule was crazy good.
Top it off with a double cognac to finish, and it was a meal of a lifetime!

Went here for my B-Day.
Totally unimpressed with the steaks.
The BS they spout about the 'Shula Cuts' being higher quality than Prime is laughable after eating there.
I buy and make Prime steaks at my house that are 100x better and cost $8/lb from Costco.
Filet was decent, but nothing special Cowboy Ribeye was bad.
Way too lean and tough.
No flavor.
The sides, Creamed Spinach and Roasted Corn were both fantastic, though overpriced for the quantity.
Quality & Flavors were excellent.
Service was excellent.
I go to a lot of top-end places: Flemings, Mortons, Ditka's, etc... Shulas was the least impressive.
I found The Keg to be better by a mile - even without considering the price.

Nice place.
It's cool that you can see all that football memorabilia from Shula's dolphin years.
They even put a football on your table with their meat menu on it.
Pretty cool.
Had a great filet!
And the crab Mac & cheese is awesome!
Some premium oysters on a half shell too!

Glad to see they are maintaining serving their Martinis at the table in individual shakers.
A touch of dining Class, many have discontinued this type of presentation.. Good job Shula's

Fine dining...sort of?
If you're not familiar, this place is the chain from Don Shula the famous football coach.
The prices are up there with some of the other big name steak houses, Delmonico's, Morton's Ruth's Chris, etc.
We were staying at the hotel so we tried it.
It's fine dining service, very professional, mixed with a fantasy football man-cave.
Steak menu written on a football in the middle of the table and wall to wall football photos.
The service was excellent.
I wasn't impressed with the food at all.
Tasteless.
From beginning to end.
The only thing that stood out is the fried squid.
Good appetizer that I can get at TGI Fridays.
Steak was cooked right, it just wasn't all that good.
Desert was terrible.
For nearly $300.00 it isn't worth it.
I realize if you're stuck in the hotel, you don't really have that many choice but there is a mall just down the street surrounded by better restaurants.
The cab fair is worth it to find a better place to dine.

I've been to this place several times and I've never left impressed (besides for the bill).
It's too expensive for what you get but still a decent steak house.
It's also good for business or for not steak lovers (eaters with not-so-high expectations).
For a staycation with a date would work good as well.
I wouldn't drive more than 4 miles to go there and for that money you can do way way better.
Cheers

This experience was the worst I have ever had.
Table of 11 and over 1000.00 bill.
The servers were very rude and never checked on the table to offer additional drinks or water unless we asked.
Spoke to the manager after waiting two hours to be served dinner.
Manager Never made an attempt to expedite the service nor did he come over to the table to apologize or see if the experience improved.
If you want a great steak for 50.00 I recommend not going to Shula's.
The experience is Overpriced with horrible service.

Went here for a client dinner and it was fabulous!
I'm always a little skeptical when dining someplace where someone has their name on a restaurant outside of Vegas, but I was so pleasantly surprised!
The waitstaff was a little slow for having two servers wait on each table.
Surprisingly slow.
I sat with my oyster plate in front of me long after I was finished.
Same thing with my salad plate (both were obviously finished).
I actually had to call the waitress over because it was beginning to get ridiculous.
It still took a few more minutes to get it out from under me though.
The bread they serve is a warm sourdough (or some variation thereof) and was so soft and delicious.
The butter on it made me feel like it was all I needed to be completely happy as a meal.
I ordered the Blue Point oysters and they were of course delicious.
They didn't offer any horseradish which I thought was strange, but I didn't need it anyway.
My customer ordered the seared ahi tuna and I didn't like it nearly as much.
It tasted a little dry, but he seemed to enjoy it.
I also ordered the house salad and it was probably the best I've ever had.
It had artichoke, tomatoes and cucumbers and tasted so fresh that I could have sworn they picked it out of the garden for me.
I loved this.
For dinner I ordered salmon and asked for it grilled.
It came out perfectly cooked and flaky with a beautiful pink color.
It was very good.
As a side I ordered grilled asparagus which was a great accompaniment.
My customer ordered the chilean sea bass.
It was actually much better than I thought it would be, I just had a little bite, but I would definitely try it if I go back.
For dessert we decided to share the very chocolatey  souffle.
When it came out it had fallen and was undercooked so they brought us this huge slice of chocolate cake.
The first bite I knew it was frozen.
I asked and they confirmed that while it was made at the corporate office it was still frozen.
This is my biggest pet peeve.
Fine restaurants should NEVER serve frozen cake, it's disgusting.
I'm surprised more people don't complain because it was just so...fake.
We ignored it.
One last thing, while we were there the comedian playing next door, Ron White, wanted to dine here.
The waiter came over (our other one) and said that he would be sitting next to us and to please not disturb him.
I thought it was pretty tasteless to think I'd interrupt my not-so-cheap meal in order to gawk at and fawn over some cut-rate comedian playing a casino.
Not classy at all.
The food here is incredible, I highly recommend it, just don't expect phenomenal service to go with that.

My husband and I celebrated our Anniversary with a fabulous meal.
Our servers, Jeff and Dan were incredibly friendly and the level of attention... just right.
The food was cooked to perfection.
Sure it's pricey, but it was meant to be an experience, not just dinner.
And they delivered.

Don't get me wrong, it's a fine steak and generally good food w/ solid service...
BUT at the price point (100+ a head), you can do much better (think Mastro's - or if you need to be in a casino, Cholla steakhouse is a better option).
Reservations: + - OpenTable - super easy, table ready for us on arrival  Service: -  - Host was a goofy kid.
Very nice, but awkward and stumbling trying to sell the football story (hosts have to carry the football to the table and tell you about the 72 Dolphins) - Servers (lead + 1-2 supporting) were all nice and basically competent.
Seems like amateur hour for such a high-end steakhouse.
Watched as each passed my empty scotch several times w/ no one even offering another.
Too bad.
At 14/glass, that's 3 bucks a shot in their pocket they forgo...  still, nice, but again amateurish... no concept of cadence (drinks fast, bread slow, 1st course fast, steaks slow, long pause for desert menu, etc.
) that you'd get at say Mastro's or even Morton's - Runner who brought 1st course put my caesar down and as expected as if I wanted cracked pepper... when I said yes, she disappeared around the corner to retrieve the pepper mill ???
- No serious complaints, but definitely not up to standards of competing entries at this price point.
Drinks: + - MacCallan 12 served w/ acqua panna cube - GOOD.
easy, but at least they do it right - Wife's foo-foo drink - YUMMY.
Not exactly sure what it was (some kinda fruity gin drink dressed w/ fresh fruit/berries), but it was really good.
Dinner: + / - - Bread was fresh and surprisingly good (to the point where it's worth mentioning) - Caesar salad - YUMMY, real, maybe just a bit overdressed - French Onion soop - MEH.
Turine and chess piping hot, but yet soup inside lukewarm (?
) - soup obviously premade and cold - then put into the turine and covered w/ cheese w/ expectation that the baking would make it adequately hot... - NY Strip - GOOD cut, WELL-SEASONED, OVERDONE.
Wife ordered Medium, but was pretty close to Med-Well (fortunately, she actually likes med-well, but felt silly ordering such on a 45 dollar steak).
Despite the overcook, it was still tender and tasty - Bone-in Filet (special) - GREAT cut.
WELL cooked.
OVERSEASONED.
POOR Bearnaise.
My filet was a perfect med-rare and ridiculously tender, but unfortunately was a bit overseasoned (salty).
It was served w/ Bearnaise on the side, but it came room-temp and tasted like mayonnaise and parsley (bummer, I love the taste of tarragon and was happily surprised at first to see on the plate).
Still, the great quality of the steak itself made it quite good overall - Mashed Potato - YUMMY.
Simple mashed w/ garlic+nutmeg (one of my favorite flavor combos) - Sauteed Mushrooms - SO-SO.
Decent as a steak topper, but not much flavor (odd given the types of mushrooms used) - Creamed Spinach - SOLID.
Heavy as one would expect with nice flavor.
Desert: N/A - Didn't bother as we were ready to move on at this point and the menu really didn't have anything that looked especially great  Dining Room: - - Loud, but not in a good high-end steakhouse way (like Gibson's in Chicago)...  - Cheesy, amateurish attempt at high-end environment - silly signed football placed on table listing the cuts (same as on menu), but autograph is on the underside of the ball, so you're not even sure who signed it.
- Not dark, not bright.
Bottom Line:  Very high quality ingredients w/ competent preparation.
Generally solid, but not close to high-end service.
Should I find myself staying at Wild Horse Pass again (quite a nice hotel/casino for PHX), I'll be picking Ling & Louie's for dinner instead...  Just not worth the money overall.

I hope this is the first of many rave reviews...that said, visiting Shulas was an amazing experience...nothing but exceptional to describe the service from the moment we arrived, to the moment we were wished well as we left.
If start by saying that if you are planning to have an experience rather than a quick bite to eat Shulas exceeds.
I was not sure what to expect when we walked in.
My husband and I had never been before.
The hostess greeted us as well as a "Maître D" and the bartender.
We were quickly seated and given a lovely presentation of the Shulas sporting memorabilia.
(My husband was quite surprised by this!
) at the table we were serviced by what appeared to be an entire team of individuals who were all very courteous and knowledgable of the menu and offerings etc.
By the way, the presentation of the "menu" on the cart was quick and insightful as I had no idea what efforts are placed into procuring beef of that quality!
To our delight, our entire 4 course meal came as if it was timed perfectly.
The appetizers, soup, main course, and desert were exceptionally good!
I had the Lobster Bisque and the filet with a twice baked potato.
Let me tell you, portions are not small and we were advised of this beforehand...just couldn't resist and had some to take home.
The Carrot Cake was delightful and even larger than I had hoped, but still...that travelled home easily too.
All in all, this place gets my highest regards for fine dining without being stuffy.
It's an upscale atmosphere with a casual feel.
Highly recommending reservations but give it a chance.
I think you'll be impressed too!

I honestly love this place.
Their Crab Bisque and Muddled Berry Martinis are the best.
I go just for this when I want to be cheap.
The filit and Cowboy steak are great.
The Augratin was bad the last tiem we went.
The cowboy steak is great and so are their peppered gravy.

