I ate at this new Chipotle the Friday afternoon of January 8th.
When I left there was a line out the door all the way to the end of the strip shopping center.
There had to be at least 50 or 60 folks in line at 3:00 in the afternoon!
Well It turns out I started eating a little too early.
At 3:00pm Chipotle's was giving out free T-Shirts and a free burrito!
I missed out!
There are some good reasons to wait a while to eat at this Chipotle.
Mostly it is staff training.
I eat at Chipotle quite a bit.
This one was something of a disappointment.
I ordered a Carnitas Fajita for a change.
They were out of the Fajita veggies, then they were out of the delicious Carnitas.
When the food finally arrived they assembled the burrito and by the time I got to the table it was soggy and fell apart even though I was using the peel the foil method of eating the burrito.
I have high hopes for this place and hope that by the time you read this the service and quality issues will be addressed.
It is a nice restaurant with plenty of seating inside and a nice patio.
Of course the place was clean because it is brand new and shiny!
Now that I think about it the folks lined up will be good practice for when they get busy.
The free T-shirt and burrito will soften the blow if there are any mistakes on the orders.
I will certainly stop by and give it another try.

The 4 stars is in comparison to other Chipotle's I've been to, especially in this area.
I have to admit, when they were building this plaza, my friends and I tried to guess every day what it was going to be.
We had it narrowed down to a Chipotle or a sushi joint (both would kill me for sure) and I cannot believe we were actually right.
I am pretty pleased with this place.
Both times I've stopped by it's been clean and pretty speedy service.
Every time I come in, I am surprised by all the extra room around to the side and out on the patio and it makes me happy.
I'm sure anyone reading this has been to Chipotle, but if not, or if you're feeling like trying something new.. my signature dish for the past few years has been carnitas bowl with black beans, corn, fajita, lettuce and a little bit of the dairy stuff.
Wash it down with a Nantucket nectar apple juice and you're golden.

I swore off Chipotle after my first experience several years ago while living in CA.
I finally gave in and gave it another shot.
A buy 1 get 1 free certainly helps!
The burrito is average, but the meat is a bit chewy and salty (chicken and beef)  The quality of meat was the problem I had with my previous burrito and not much has changed in the many years since my last visit to a Chipotle.
For similar chain burrito places, Chipotle ranks above Moes, but is behind Baja Fresh, Qdoba etc.
Our table had chips and guacamole.
The guacamole was excellent!
The staff was very friendly and our burritos were served very quickly.

This is the best Chipotle in the Tempe area.
Fast, friendly service.
Very clean establishment.
Fresh, delicious food.
They would rather have me wait a minute for the freshest, just-off-the-grill food then scrape the bottom of a tray.
If you get Rachel as a server, you get great conversation with your speedy service.
It's a fun experience.

I'm no stranger to Chipotle and this location was sub-par at best.
Granted I've only been to this one twice now, neither experience was a good one.
I just recently moved to Tempe and had to leave my beloved Gilbert & Warner Chipotle, where they always went beyond the typical "Hi.
What can I get for you?
"   At this new Tempe location I was hurried through the line to a somewhat grumpy young cashier who proceeded to ring me up without a word and sent me on my way.
Not even a "Thank you, have a good night!
" I always get my guac on the side and to my surprise realized it was not in my bag when I got home  :(  That's my favorite part!
All in all, not a good experience but that wont stop me from going again.
Maybe they'll be able to win me over eventually.
Who knows?

Oh my good friend, it was love at first bite.
I first tried Chipotle in Ohio in 2002.
Oh man, was I hooked.
I have no idea how this is possible, but back then I could actually get down two burritos.
Wow.
For those of you who have eaten here but have never experienced the Chipotle Carnitas, please help yourself by doing so.
This is the best carnitas I have ever tasted and it is always amazing.
Moist with a hint of salt and seasonings.
I have turned many people on to their carnitas.
Their cilantro lime rice is sooooo tasty!
I always ask for extra.
I no longer eat meat and this is actually one of the few meals I will truly miss even though I didn't eat here all the time.
Their pinto beans are cooked with bacon so I have to get black beans and their vegetarian burrito now...it's good...but that meat is always on the other side of that glass looking awfully good.
My order: Vegetarian burrito, extra rice, black beans, peppers and onions, pico, the corn salsa, the medium salsa, sour cream, cheese, lettuce, and guac (or instead of guac the carnitas).
Their chips are super yummy too...try them with guac!
OMG Flavor Explosion!

I love Chipotle!
I have always been a fan, and even more so since becoming a vegetarian.
I love that their rice, tortillas, black beans, fajita veggies, salsa's and guacamole are all vegan!
I love the corn salsa the best and usually ask for two scoops on my burrito.
And large globs of guacamole.
That stuff is super addicting.
So everyone knows that Chipotle is great, but this review is based more so on this particular location.
This is the location I like the best.
The workers are super friendly.
One of them I swear is even in love with my husband because she always gives him more guacamole than she gives me.
But the staff is great.
If they are ever almost out of guacamole or fajita veggies they ask us to wait for fresh stuff to come out instead of giving us the old brown stuff at the bottom of the bowl.
I love them!
There is a Chipotle closer to our house than this location, but we come out to this one every time just because of the staff.
That, and the quality of the food seems to be better at this one.
Ive been to Chipotles where the beans have been mushy and bland, but the food is always fresh and great at this location.
Chipotle is great, but this location is the best by far in terms of staff friendliness and freshness of food.

Simply put Chipotle is the best quick burrito around.
I have to write an update to my shrine to Chipotle because of the experience we had at this store.
It was AMAZING!
I have to say that I have eaten hundreds of these burritos, and this one was the best since leaving Colorado (the home of Chipotle).
Same burrito, but for somereason today's was much better.
I also want to thank the staff for thier ability to make me laugh and give me my favorite burrito.
LUV YA!
Review time  Curbage: 10 A newer store with good curbage  P factor: 10  All in all everything was clean everone was friendly and I will visit this store in the future.
Late!
Gordo

It's Chipotle... come on!
I would eat Chipotle everyday if I could - man, I would be fat!
My fav is the steak bowl with rice, fajita veggies, black beans, corn, lettuce and hot and mild salsa.
Damn, I'm getting myself hungry now!

Pop quiz hot shot: How do you take an already healthy vegetarian taco/burrito/bowl and make it more healthy?
Get the new brown rice offering!
Went in today for lunch and was super excited to see that they now offer brown rice.
Hells yeah!
Now if only Chipotle would jump on the whole wheat tacos and tortillas it would be perfect.
Hopefully one day...

Last three times I have been in the restaurant it has been after 830pm and they are still quite busy.
Tonight, when i was in line, there were 6 people in front of me, 2 who had already ordered.
It seriously took 15 minutes before my order was taken and another 6-7 minutes to complete.
The cashier was off in her own world, all the food was empty and getting refilled, and generally a poorly run night.
Food was ok, nothing to talk about.
But the guac I ordered with my chips was runny and really bad.
You are a quick stop for ok mexican food.
Your late night crew at this restaurant needs to be retaught how to work fast and make people happy.
they clearly need help.
I will probably give them one last chance, but am not looking for much improvement.
This store needs help as Most chipotle stores are 10 times better.

om nom nom nom

This Chipotle is quickly becoming a regular lunch spot for me.
The lines are long, but the people working there are fast, efficient and friendly.
Even if there are 30 people in line ahead of you (and there often are), you're typically ordering within 5-10 minutes.
Steve Ells would be so proud of this location.
I love the chicken tacos.
Their grilled chicken is bomb, and the tortillas are tasty.
Three chicken tacos with cheese, lettuce and hot salsa is my jam.
The food is good, and it just feels fresher and better for you than any other fast food option.
They also offer Coke Zero, which is good since I'm trying to give up non-diet soda (New Year's resolution...trying to "get healthier" and "drop pounds" so I don't have a "weight problem"...Sorry, just had to channel my inner Chris Farley for a minute).
Anyway...Rather than getting crappy fast food for lunch, or paying way too much for crappy food at a chain restaurant in Tempe, I'll hit up Chipotle a couple times a week and at least feel OK about my lunch choices.

Every time i come here for food,it is a great experiance!
Last night included.
I got a bowl and my date got the Burrito.
It really was the biggest burrito we had ever seen.
The food was fresh and really tasty.
No wait time at all,which was great since it was a Friday night after all.
The staff is very nice and the place was so clean!
We got it to go and the parking lot was full, but hey it's a busy place.

This only gets 4 stars because I love the food.
Went there to get a bowl to-go for lunch today.
There was an extremely long line that wrapped around back toward the cashier.
The line moved fairly quickly, so I didn't mind.
In front of me was a tall, bigger guy who ordered a bowl with chicken.
Then I ordered my bowl with chicken.
Here's the part I don't get--I understand that you're super busy & all, but how come the big guy, who looks like he could eat less, get a bigger scoop of chicken than me, this little Asian girl who looks like she could use some more food?
Shouldn't the restaurant serve equal portions?
Where's the consistency?
And efficiency!
Just think--if a customer orders double meat, but the server scoops two big scoops that amounts to like three regular scoops or more, that is one less customer they can serve.
And then they skimp on the guacamole scoops.
If I'm going to pay an extra $1.80 for just a scoop of guacamole, I deserve a full scoop!

Good food, fast, and reasonably priced.

This is a great Chipotles...they are always fast, the food is always fresh and the tables are pretty much always clean.
I've been here a few times and the manager has been around checking up on things.
They mean business!
Good business, that is!

The service is always fast and friendly.
Large dining are both inside and out.
The food is always fresh and tasty and plenty of it.
I've never had a bad experience.

Chipotle is good, mostly organic Mexican fast food.
I mainly eat here because it is cheap and healthier than most fast food.
I usually get the burritos but they have tacos, quesadillas, and bowls.
The attraction for me is the delicious meats.
The barbacoa here made me fall in love with barbacoa because it is so flavorful.
The steak and chicken is great too because they are usually locally raised and without hormones.
I don't care for the carnitas (pork) here because it is too dry.
For toppings they have three types of salsa, corn, cheese, sour cream, lettuce, guacamole, white or brown rice, black beans, pinto beans and peppers and onions.
The sour cream is way too watery for me and lacks flavor.
They have chips, soft drinks and beer.
That is pretty much their whole menu, but you tell them what to put on your burrito or bowl or whatever you are getting so you can change it up each visit.
One other downfall is that you don't get your tortillas browned on your burrito like you would at some other places that serve Mexican food.
The barbacoa burrito I got tonight was $9.24 after tax because I got guacamole for $1.80 extra.
Overall, Chipotle is decent, but it is up to the customer to be creative and go against the norm if you want something like pollo asada then you would have to tell them to skip the rice and beans and just give you a ton of chicken, the green salsa, and guacamole.
If you think like this you can stave off boredom for a while since they don't have some of the other things you would get at other Mexican places like fish or shrimp tacos, mexican rice, refried beans, chimichangas, taquitos, tortas, or tostadas.
Dear Chipotle corporate: If you are listening, I like your concept but more variety would be welcomed with open arms.
I realize that some of the items Chipotle doesn't make are not very healthy (like anything fried) but how easy would it be to make tortas or shrimp tacos?
Just saying...

This place is as efficient as a well oiled machine.
This location has a lot of return customers, because of it's attention to quality and speed.
They are good at what they do and they are delicious.
I will continue to comeback to this establishment to fulfill my burrito bowl fix.

Another location, another ode to Chipotle  Burrito, burrito bowl, quesadilla, or taco Barbacoa, steak, carnitas, chicken, or veggie Black beans or pinto beans Spicy, corn, medium, pico de gallo, or a mixture Something for the whole family.
Instead of yellowed Spanish rice Actual white Mexican-style rice with a hint of cilantro and lime And.
Brown rice for the health conscious Something for everyone.
How come it's soooooo good!?
Tin foil, talkative cups, and gregarious wrappers What's up with the narcissistic pictures?
Lots of metal and wood You know when you walk into a Chipotle  There is always a Chipotle near by, but.
Why aren't there more Chipotles!

Be patient.
Long line, slow service.

They were quick even when the line was back to the front door, they server beer and the food tastes good!

Their Chicken Salad is great, also, love it with guacamole and a few dips of the spicy dressing.

I order take out from this location on a weekly basis, and I'm always so impressed with the friendly staff, the amazing fresh food, the super delicious chips and guacamole, and the prices!
Great healthy food to go, you can't beat Chipotle!
Keep up the great work guys!!
See you this week.

I come here have not so good time bad.
Burrito is in america, really no mexico.
I say make roll up my burrito and for pointing at chicken I get steak.
He says sorry so accident, but I'am not feeling the welcoming nor do I ask for much.
So pimple face tell me he remake.
No trouble I have so I eat american mexican steak.
It so bad I can not finish.
I with friend who take home.
So I go with sad american burrito and cannot say good for this mexican establishment.
I hear in the USA Arizona, mexican do not like to make native food.
I say same thing.
Do not come home to my house and say Mr. Jence, make me the Swedish Smorgisbord.
I say no and we get a real Mexican food at the drunk home Arizona rehab for the Filiburtos.

I love chipotle.
Their food is so fresh and tasty.
The only thing I dislike are the peppers ...
They're always dry and taste metallic.
I just avoid them but the rest if their food is epic.

Huge line today but they got us through very quickly.
They had four guys helping to build your burrito.
I love the fresh ingredients.
Brown rice and chicken is the best but I've had the pork and steak and that's pretty good.
Just love the chicken cause the spices and the grilling.
Always perfect.
To top it off the servers were very friendly and smiling with a very clean environment.
The only downfall of this Chipotle is the parking.
Seems like the parking lot is always full.
Love Chipotle.
Burrito madness love it.

Literally the best "fast food" restaurant I've ever be too.
Not just because of the food but the service is outstanding!
I've been a regular here for months and never have I come in to someone with a bad attitude.
If anyone has complaints about this place it's because they are the type of person to find the littlest flaw in perfection.
I literally made this yelp account specifically to write this review.
I've worked in fast food and this teams hard work should not go unrecognized.
I'll be back next week.

came here on Halloween for my $3 burrito.
Staff was friendly and quick, so although the line was long it moved fast.
The only con of this location is that the parking lot is tight and always packed.

Yum yum, super accommodating service even if we don't know what to do, yay for fast service even when it's packed..

Love ... Love ... Love Chipotle!
This location is always consistent and have never messed up an order, even a phone in.
The food is fresh, flavorful, and reasonably priced for the portions you get.
You definitely want to come hungry!
I always say, "I'll take some home.
" It never happens!
My only negative has to do with parking.
If you come at lunch or dinner the parking can be a bit of a pain, but I can't blame Chipotle for that one!
That just means it's good food :-)  One of the staff members was great the other day...
I didn't catch his name but he came around and asked us how the food was.
Once he saw me eating the Guac he stopped back by to ask me if I had any pointers to make it better?
Good guy and cares about the product he puts out for the customers.
I'll definitely be back!

It was my first time here.
The food was alright.
Nothing special.
But my biggest issue is staffing.
Get people who are more professional and are more attentive.
Instead of someone who kept calling me bro, and a girl who added guacamole after I had time I say 3 times not to because I changed my mind.
I didn't say anything though.

Very busy during lunch and dinner rushes, with lines that stretch out the door.
I've been to Chipotles where the servings are nice and ample, where the servers frequently pile on two scoops of tender meat into a burrito stuffed with calorically-dense goodness.
This is not one of those Chipotles.
I expect that the hiring process includes harvesting new employee souls and grinding into their tortilla mix.
The employees here have never smiled.

This is by far my favorite location.
Not just because it's only a mile from where I live, but the cashiers always put the coins in my hand first and then the bills/receipt on top when they're giving my change back.
These people are doing God's work.

I love chipotle bowls.
Healthy, fresh and convenient.
I like grabbing lunch or dinner here when a hurry.
Great customer service.
Their tacos are excellent too!

Everyone should know Chipotle by now.
Nothing super fancy but sure hits the spot sometimes.
It's a lot easier to special order burritos and quesadillas and have them made in two minutes than it is to do it at home and clean up the mess.
Of course they along with all other similar quick fix burrito shops cram gobs of beans and rice and cilantro into everything so I usually state specifically little or no rice and beans double the meat and pay for it.
But it tastes better.

I love their Burrito, especially the steak with over fill.
I wish i could eat there everyday.

