City Vintage is a gorgeous little store that I stumbled across during a wander through Morningside, hidden away on Colinton Road.
I was enticed inside by the gorgeous ornate mirrors in the window and I couldn't help but take a peek inside.
Inside there are pretty little pigeon holes filled with vintage treasures from retro coca cola merchandise to antique jewellery and home furnishings.
You can expect to pay up to around £200 for one of their big beautiful mirrors, however at the other end of the spending spectrum you will find nice little ribbon tied bunches of lavender for around £1 each and unique and interesting cushions for around £5 each.
The whole place has a quirky kooky feel that you might expect to find in any vintage store, however it manages to sieve through the tat to bring its customers the very best vintage treasures in this beautiful boutique.

City Vintage is a fantastic furniture store which stocks a great mix of retro and vintage furniture, home accessories and jewellery.
It is only open part-time though so have a look at the opening hours I've posted if you're planning on visiting the store.
If you are interesting in collecting some truly unusual items for your home then City Vintage is an absolute must.
This isn't a shop full of a load of broken crap which is piled high and sold cheap.
In fact a lot of the stuff is pretty expensive but it is in mint condition and is the genuine article.
Recently I have bought a fantastic retro wall clock for just under £50 and an amazing green glass bottle which used to belong to a chemist but now sits on my make-up stand as a perfume bottle!
I'm not sure how safe that is put screw it, it looks fabulous!
I am lusting after a stunning French bakelite telephone but at £250 it is more than a little out of my budget!
The selection of jewellery is the best I have ever seen in a vintage store and I don't think I have ever visited City Vintage without leaving with one of their gorgeous brooches!
City Vintage does have a small collection of clothing and bags but the real stars of this store are without doubt are the home accessories and jewellery.

City Vintage is sparsely laid out for what is effectively a store selling antiques.
It is, however, quite refreshing, since I am used to having to battle my way through ornaments and a few feather dusters before I can get to the good stuff.
It's nice to raid places like that but it's also nice to not feel like a bull in a china shop once in a while.
City Vintage by contrast is a lot more spacious.
The airy, pleasant surroundings make it easier to browse without your brain feeling cluttered, and it also gives them a chance to showcase their best stock.
They seem to collect very desirable, timeless pieces of furniture and accessories that with forever be deemed as classic.
They have some gorgeous, decorative separating partitions for changing rooms, trunks and a number of chintzy ornaments.
Like Lisa, I am also a big fan of their brooches.
My only complaint is they're not open enough during the week, but for locals the weekend opening times are reasonable enough that you could afford some time to browse if you were nearby.
I would say it's worth travelling to if you're an avid fan of all things old and tasteful!
City Vintage pluck out goods of the highest class and it's nice to visit a vintage store who specialise in appliances and furniture rather than clothing, for a change.

