I love Appaloosa library.
The location is great for me--close to home and close to other shopping, restaurants, retail.
The building is gorgeous, inside and outside.
Their childrens area is huge and clean and equipped with loads of educational toys/tables.
They have great kids programs, activities and reading times.
My son just participated in their summer reading program.
Their staff and their volunteers are incredibly helpful.
There is nothing that I don't love about this library.
I love books and libraries and am trying to also nurture that with my son.
Appaloosa makes it so easy because he loves going there and so do I.

I love this library nestled up in North Scottsdale.
The architecture is beautiful and the exterior surroundings are nice as well.
There is plenty of seating inside and seating outside as well.
The exterior seating is under a covered area to shield you from the sun.
I really like the tables inside the facility that are right next to the tall glass windows because you get that natural lighting and get a chance to peak outside as a break from whatever you at the library for.
This library, as probably most if not all, features free wireless internet.
There are also many HP Touchscreen computer terminals available.
The monitors are really large.
I'm not sure how big exactly, but it's probably more than 20 inches.
There is also a circular, central seating area as you walk through the main entrance.
The seats are in a circular pattern with little tables on the side that you can swing around that are big enough to sit a laptop on.
There are also other features to this library, but what I mentioned earlier are what I'm more familiar with.
I visit this library every now and then on the weekends.
It's never incredibly busy, but I'm not sure what it's like during the rest of the week.
The hours are kind of limited on the weekend because their closed on Sundays.

i finally took my little  4 yr old girl to this gem of a public library.
She was so excited she screamed.
Fortunately there was a courtyard  and she enjoyed the kid's area as well as the art installation in the  entrance and the main building.
There was staff to assist in her to play   legos.
Happy day!
Daddy likes it because it has Prada writ all over it.

I really enjoy the Scottsdale Library system!
This location is easy to get to and the staff have been very helpful in finding and holding books for me at other locations.
I'm in here several times each week and they are the best!

Gorgeous library - it's worth a trip here to check out the building, especially at sunset.
The building (and many of the books in it) look brand new.
They have a special area in the front that displays many new books.
Internet access is available there too.
It's easy to request books online and pick them up on the holds shelf.
Many new releases have just a short wait.
My only complaint is the short time checkout period for high-demand items (no renewals allowed).
I consider myself someone that can read books very fast, but I often have to return books before I am able to finish them.
Sometimes when I know there is a very long novel - I will request the sound recording and the novel.
That way I am usually able to read part of the book and listen to part of it on cd, and the two lending periods allow me to finish the book.

Well I never thought I would ever need a library but i really needed somewhere to just sit down and study and well I was impressed.
The Scottsdale library is really nice clean new building.
The overall book selection was not great, though i wasnt looking for books I saw that there was a limited selection.
The technology was great with all the computers and great selection that they have.
The childrenes area looked awesome!
I wish i has something like that as a kid.
It was really clean and well kept with a large amount of kids books.
Upon arrival I was greeted by one of the staff and he was great.
He asked if i needed anything and gave me a tour of the place and showed me how everything worked.
He even got me to a private study room so I could spread out all my work and have quiet time to just study.
Though there is a limited number of private rooms they were great.
With custom temperature control and the walls were good but not great at blocking out sound.
Plus there was free WIFI that made life easier when pulling materials from my computer.
Overall the library was great, i will be going back when i need a great place to sit down and study though i wish there was a little more space.

I love this library!
It's very clean and has a crisp, new feeling every time I visit.
There is a great children's area with stimulating play tables.
There are a few "quiet rooms" for people to retreat in if need be.
Also, there's is a snack area that's conviently stocked with vending machines and magazines.
There is also an outdoor patio that's gated in for some fresh air.

Absolutely beautiful!
California could learn a lesson on how a public library should look and feel from Scottsdale/Arizona.
It's clean and bright; it was built to very green standards; there's a great kids area; the technology is up-to-date, especially making it easy to check in and check out your books or movies or whatever (the touch screens are cool).
While our aunt was checking out the movie we were going to watch that night (Eastern Promises, very good), we were talking to the young library assistant there, who filled us in on everything about this great library.
It's amazing, really.
I wish I'd taken pictures of the inside of this wonderful place!
If we decide to retire to this area (which is looking more and more likely!
), I can see myself actually going to the library more and more.
Definitely puts CA to shame.

It's architecturally gorgeous!
On any great day, a book and the view could suffice for hours of enjoyment!
And the nearby bridge recently built looks absolutely fabulous!
You must at least drive by!
It is truly beautiful!

