I was reminded again this morning why this is my all-time best experience with a repair shop.
No longer a customer (I moved to California), I called to pick the shop manager's brain for a few minutes about a warranty issue with my new car out here in LA.
Not only did he take the time to talk to me, he patiently answered all of my questions, helped me out even more than I expected, and did so quickly and efficiently.
Reminded me of my dealings with this shop when I lived in Arizona.
I discovered this unassuming little repair shop, funnily enough, when I was taking my old classic Olds next door to the body shop for an estimate after being rear-ended by someone at a stop sign.
I realized that one of my hoses failed on my way over, and I was gushing radiator fluid.
I asked the body shop assessor if the repair shop next door was any good, and he confirmed that they had a great local reputation.
I walked fifty feet across the parking lot and solicited their help.
I was treated well even though I was dressed in my day off clothes and in my twenties, they had me in and out so quickly I didn't believe that they could have possibly fixed it right (but they sure did), and the cost was minimal.
I thanked the shop manager profusely... as a graduate student living on a pitiful stipend, I was trying to decide which viable organ to sell on the black market to pay for an expensive repair.
He graciously accepted my thanks and simply asked me to come back to them in the future if I needed any more service.
This was sometime around 2001.
Over the next five years, I would not take my cars anywhere else.
It was not particularly close to my apartment by ASU, but it was worth the 15 mile drive, even for oil changes, to feel like my 170,000 mile Toyota was as roadworthy as any new car on the road.
I lost count of how many friends I took there, but I am guessing it was about ten.
Collectively, we spent thousands of dollars there (we all drove college cars with high mileage)... and I cannot recall any of us ever having to return a second time for the same issue.
Hundreds of repairs done to my cars and my friends cars, always right the first time.
Statistically improbable, but these guys just seemed to pay attention to detail in a way that few do.
It is now 2010, I am a doctor in my mid-thirties with a nicer, newer car, and I live in LA.
Every time I take my car in for service, I rue the fact that SAA does not have a local shop.
I always keep my guard up whenever I am dealing with anyone I have met here; they may be good people, but I cannot bring myself to trust someone as fully as I trusted Moon Hong and his crew back in Scottsdale.
Not sure I ever will.

I've taken all my vehicles to SAA and Moon since 1997.
I don't go anywhere else.
Honest as the day is long and hot (in Arizona).
You might not get the little conveniences like a loaner car or a nice waiting room, but what you will get are honest mechanics who are detail oriented and knowledgable.
I used to have an antique truck and Moon and company were the only ones who touched it.
The truck ran perfectly while I had it( so do all of my vehicles).
Don't go anywhere else with your vehicle, not matter what make and model you have.
Oh, and if Moon can't fix your vehicle, he will tell you ( but that won't happen).
I highly recommend this business, even if it costs you a little inconvenience.

I would trust the team at SAA with any car and have trusted them with our cars - both old and new - since I moved to Arizona in 1998 as a single mom and someone recommended them to me.
Moon, Nick and the entire team of mechanics are great at explaining to non-mechanical me what is a safety issue and what is a keep-an-eye-on-it issue.
I've since remarried, added kids, cars and SAA is still there - quick, honest and helpful.

Very trustworthy!
I went to SAA for a service recommended by a different auto service shop because they had the best price.
I left spending nothing because they said there wasn t anything wrong with the part the other company told me I needed to replace.
I will definitely return to SAA for future repairs.

Two days ago I took my car to Nick and Moon.
As always they greeted me like an old friend.
This was a follow up appointment to take care of issues diagnosed the previous Tuesday when I took the car in because the SES light (check engine) came on.
Before I arrived they had ordered a rental for me which was waiting for me within five minutes.
The car was ready before it was promised.
The work was thorough.
My engine runs so quietly now, it must be electric.
Moon even gave me the defective solenoid so I can use it as an accessory in my living room.
There is nothing fancy about this business.
No huge living room for customers, no fancy furnishings.
Just walls full of letters from appreciative customers.
The money for extras goes into the workmanship.
I had heard about Scottsdale Airport Autocare from many of my friends and associates over the years.
I'm glad one of them dragged me over here.
Now my two daughters love him too.

