The best possible place to purchase your plants, flowers and interesting art work by area artists.
Don't miss it!

We pulled up last minute to get a bridal bouquet for my friends' last-minute Vegas drive-thru wedding.
The guy who works here was SUPER nice and, in no time flat, put together a sweet and lovely bouquet and worked with their barely existing budget.
If they can create something that pretty for around $20, think of what they can do with an ACTUAL floral budget.

Gary was a life saver he worked hard to make my mother in laws funeral service worthwhile!
I drove literally all over vegas and to tens of shops- NO ONE COMPARES TO THERE FLOWERS AND PRICED -NO ONE!!!
Gary and peter were so courteous and even gave my 4 year old girl a flower.
If you need quality floral arrangements and dont want to be ripped off please come to this place you will be amazed how all the other shops rob you and others!!

Gaia Flowers is a Gem in Las Vegas.
I was so happy to find such a creative and caring vendor for our wedding in September.
They took time to really understand my concerns regarding sustainability and helped me design a floral plan for our 120person destination wedding that fit both my budget and minimized environmental impact.
I was able to re-plant all the wedding party floral and still enjoy it growing in my backyard to this day.
Thank you Gaia, I highly recommend you.

I had my wedding in Vegas on New Year's Day.
Spoke with Gary a month before and told him everything I wanted for our wedding party.
He truly delivered more than I expected.
Not to mention they delivered exactly when they said they would.
The flowers were gorgeous!!
Gaia Flowers was very easy to work with, professional, and made our special day, that much more special.
I would definitely recommend them to my friends & family & will definitely use them again.
Thank you Gary & the Gaia Team.

I highly recommend Gaia Flowers.
They offer more thoughtful arrangements and gifts than any other flower shop in Las Vegas, and just as importantly offer great personalized service.
In my case, I ordered flowers online for a friend's graduation.
The flowers were to be delivered on the Saturday before her graduation, but she wasn't home.
I contacted Gary about this over email, and he reassured me that both he and the delivery driver did everything they could to try to get in contact with my friend by leaving a note on her door, talking to her neighbor, and leaving her voicemails.
After talking to my friend on Monday, I confirmed that she received a voicemail but hadn't listened to it yet (although she found no note on her door).
The nice thing was that Gary called her again on Monday and delivered the flowers to her at her workplace.
My friend really liked the flowers and said the arrangement and the vase were of much higher quality than you get from most flower shops.
Both her and her mother kept remarking at how wonderful the fresh flowers smelled.
(Her mom kept asking her if she was wearing perfume.
)  I've used ProFlowers for most of my flower orders in the past, but I can wholeheartedly recommend Gaia Flowers if you need flowers in the Las Vegas area.
In addition to the reasons mentioned above, Gaia makes an effort to provide sustainably harvested, locally sourced flowers, vases, and other gifts.
A couple of helpful tips for those of you ordering online for delivery.
Gaia does not charge your card until your order has been delivered so you will see the order still listed as Pending until then.
Also, the recipient apparently needs to be home for delivery so verify (sneakily if you must) that they will be around to receive the order.
If in doubt, have the order sent to their workplace when you know they'll be there.

Great Flower Shop!!!
We were in from Oceanside and needed a arrangement, they were quick and creative!!!!
Recommend this place

He is so nice.
The followers are very freash

AMAZING!!
I got married this past weekend and Gaia did my bouquet.
I chose the "pure harmony" bouquet , but asked them to take out the succulents and add more lush white flowers.
They did just that, it was a truly beautiful bouquet.
They delivered on time and called me when they were delivered so I knew to go to the bell desk to get them... great florist!

Gaia - being the only eco-friendly floral shop in the city makes them high on my list already, but just recently for my wedding Gaia created a very special floral arrangement that I, the bride, actually wore down the isle and all throughout the night partying.
On short notice (two weeks or so) they were able to get my selected flowers (stephanotis & baby's breath) and create a beautiful floral head piece along with extra blossoms to pin on my hair.
I knew wedding jewelry would have been unneccessary with the flowers in my hair, and considering the quality of the floral headpiece, I was absolutely content and satisfied.
If only I could post pictures with this review :) Lastly, they had trouble with my credit card but didn't say anything until AFTER the wedding, which any bride would greatly appreciate since wedding-planning has been one of the most stressful things I have ever done.
Gaia was also always available for my phone calls and knew me by name every time.
Pleasure to be a patron of a great local company.

Couldn't be more pleased with the guys at Gaia.
Not only was the bouquet beautiful but I was stuck late with jury duty on valentines day and they were kind enough to wait for me to get out.

My in-laws bought flowers from this company for me for Mother's Day for delivery.
They called me on the day they were supposed to deliver them and asked if I could pick them up because they weren't able to drive on base.
At first I was willing to pick them up, but my in-laws told me they had informed them before purchasing the flowers and delivery that it was going to a military base, and Gaia didn't have a problem with the delivery.
So I called back and told them they could call me when they deliver and I can meet them at the front gate.
So I finally received my flowers the next day.
I called my in-laws in NY to thank them and they asked if I received the balloon too, I said no.
So my mother in-law called the company to try and get a credit and they told her they would go back to deliver it, she said no it's fine, I would just like my credit.
So to sum up, this company basically tried to pocket the delivery cost & balloon cost.
The 2nd star is for the beautiful flowers.
Thanks.

I ordered last minute for a Mother's Day delivery and was so pleased!
My mother's name is Gaia so I was thrilled to find this local shop.
The prices were much more affordable than your typical branded flower shops and the arrangements and vases were far more impressive at Gaia's.
There was even a little bird placed into the arrangement and water with pebbles in the vase.
Truly beautiful, great customer service, fast delivery and affordable.
Order from them next time and you'll be happy you did!

Ordered flowers several times from this company.
I needed custom bouquets for my friends' weddings.
Gary does his job absolutely perfect!
The best florist in Las Vegas!

