Don't be fooled!
This food court corner is run by the same fellas that do some major gourmet Indian cuisine in Vegas and elsewhere!
I was floored -- great food.
Definitely check out their one-of-a-kind fried cauliflower dish.

After a grueling day of shooting pool in the Southwest Challenge, I was pleased to find that the food court at the Riviera had an INDIAN RESTAURANT.
At first, I thought I was hallucinating, but once the smell of the shahi paneer and garlic naan that I ordered hit my nose, I realized that this blissful little moment was actually taking place.
The staff was friendly, excited even, over my obvious enthusiasm.
I came back the next day and had the malai kofta, also excellent.
When I return for the National APA Team Championship in August, I will definitely be at India Masala!

A couple of weeks ago my husband and I went to a festival celebrating Indian culture and food at the county building.
While there, we sampled food from several Indian restaurants around town, and were most pleased with what we had at the booth of India Masala, which is permanently located in the Riviera.
For the first time we had dosa, a lentil and rice pancake/crepe that is a typical dish of Southern India.
We happened to pick up a postcard offering 25% off our check so we decided to head to the Riviera to see what else was being offered.
It's no surprise that the Riviera is on its last legs, and ranks up there with Circus Circus as being the most rundown hotel on the strip.
We certainly worked up an appetite as we made the looooong walk from the parking garage to the food court (next time I'd valet in the front of the casino).
No, we weren't expecting Indian Masala to be a semi-fast food restaurant, but as it turns out, it was.
The prices aren't really justified considering this, but the food is really good and it was packed with more Indians and convention attendees than any other tenant's space when we were there (see below), so we figured it was safe to stay.
We had to wait about in line for five minutes and then another ten minutes or so for our food, which was a bit frustrating, but I felt rewarded when I got my dosa.
Today I opted for one stuffed with spinach, the palak dosa ($7.99), but you can also choose from a filling of chickpeas (chole), potatoes (masala), or no filling at all (plain).
It is served with what I learned to be the traditional accompaniments, sambar (a vegetable soup) and coconut chutney (imagine a thick and textured almond milk).
There is also a third side that I can best describe as a pureed and spiced red bell pepper spread.
The dosa is flavorful enough on its own, but the sauces add another dimension and were very much enjoyed.
The dosa itself is delicate, with a browned, crisp exterior and a soft, lightly chewy interior.
You can get a better idea of the textural difference when you order it plain, but the filling makes it a meal.
I must say it's a dish that's growing on me, and I'd bear the pain of walking through that casino to enjoy another one day.
My husband was less thrilled with his dish, but it seems to me that the emphasis here is on lesser known Southern Indian cuisine so chicken vindaloo ($11.99) might not have been the best option.
This vindaloo was flavorful but not nearly hot enough for Ian who asked them to make it as spicy as possible.
The larger problem was the color of the sauce, which was reminiscent of an artificially colored sweet and sour.
The color should have been deeper and darker had it been a result of the spices.
Things that don't look natural probably aren't, so we'll just say this color most likely wasn't derived from where it should have been.
If you are interested in trying a new kind of Indian dish that isn't available at other restaurants around town (as far as I know), I would definitely recommend coming here for the dosa.
I'd be willing to try a few other things but I think what I had was the most reasonably priced for you what you get, and certainly the most unique.

For location and atmosphere this place is 1 star - Located in a bordering-on-skeezy food court at The Riviera.
Food is great however - extremely decent, with some of the hugest and tastiest naan around.
I wouldn't go here over most of the sit down places in town, simply because I want some service and don't like food courts, but if you're trapped at The Riviera this is infinitely better than the rest of the crap they serve up (It sure was depressing to see how the vast majority of people opted for lowest common denominator hamburgers and hot dogs over wonderful Indian cuisine).

Thank you Sheila B. for piquing my interest.
Eric R. and I did a few hikes at Valley of Fire state park and headed back to Vegas around 2 PM starving.
He asked me if I had anything bookmarked on the north strip (look at him, pretending to know everything about Yelp!
) and I said India Masala at the Riviera!!!
haha we laughed - I had never been to the Riviera ever!
We parked and wandered through the maze and there it was, in the food court.
I ordered a masala dosa and Eric got the tandoori combo.
His came with naan, cilantro chutney, tandoori chicken on the bone, chicken tikka, chicken kabob, some other chicken seasoned, and daal (lentils).
Mine came with coconut and tomato chutneys and spiced tomato soup.
The meals were filling and tasty.
I loved the chutneys, especially the cilantro, and it did its justice with my nose running!!
I would return for this "hidden gem.

Why is this place the best Indian food in Vegas?
Well... because it is the only Indian food I had in Vegas.
By default it wins.
But it wins in other ways.
Its is fracking cheap, relatively speaking of course.
The menu is quite huge and it puts the other guys in the food court to shame.
The service is pretty good and the wait time is decent considering the queue of customers and staff on hand.
The food itself is a little heavy, which is to be expected, but otherwise really really really good.
It was soo good that I had to have it twice during my weekend stay in town.
If I ever find myself wishing I wasn't in the Riviera casino, I know I'll be swinging by here to kill time as well as my time.

The food here is amazing.
We went with some friends that were visiting from out of town, and they loved it so much that we went twice in 3 days.The best thing about this place is that the food is fresh and tasty and very close to homemade food.
The masala dosa is crisp and yummy(infact we had many people looking curiously at what this food was).
The veg dishes including palak paneer come with a naan and rice.
Our friends tried the tandoori combo which was very good as well as the fish curry and goa chicken.
The ambience is ok but the food is really good.

It's a real shame this place is in the nasty old Riviera, because it really is as good as everyone says.
One of the things I hate about every other Indian restaurant I've been to in Vegas is that I always feel like I pay a lot and don't get a lot.
Well, not here!
The portions are ginormous -- a great value.
And the two dishes we ordered were fabulous.
I can't wait to go back and try more!
I just wish we didn't have to go to the Riviera to do it!
This would get 5 stars if I didn't have to sit in a nasty food court and eat their yummy food off of a paper plate.
If you can get over that, though...do it!
It's worth it I promise.

Butter Chicken!
Hmm.
What to make of this place.
It's Indian food.
In a food court.
In a strip hotel.
OK so it's the Riviera, but still.
Cutting to the chase, the Butter Chicken was yummy.
It had bell peppers in it, which stood out for some reason.
Maybe because there usually aren't bell peppers in Butter Chicken?
IDK.
I liked what they brought to the party.
The plate comes with a good amount of Basmati Rice, and a ginormous piece of Naan.
In my book, it doesn't get much better than savoring some delicious Butter Chicken sauce with some Naan.
So the food was good, but back to the place.
The fact that we even have Indian food in a food court in this town makes me happy.
The down side is that you're paying more for it.
Like I said, it's in a strip hotel, albeit the Riviera.
They're probably paying a lot for that location, so their prices are naturally higher.
I mean, $12 for a plate of Butter Chicken isn't insane, but it just feels weird because you're in a freakin' food court.
In any case, I left satisfied.
I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again, but I'd consider it if I'm ever back in the Riviera.
Like the next time I watch some roller derby!
p.s.
I pretty much always order Mango Lassi if they offer it.
I've had better, but it was pretty good.

One hella restaurant.
1. not sure why are they stuck inside Riviera!
Do not underestimate the quantity.
for me and my friend - who skipped breakfast- and went straight to lunch - we could not finish the  thali - non veg and tandoori.
Butter chicken!!
4. friendly staff 5. limited seating in the common area in the outside food court

Vegetable samosas with a delicious and  refreshing spicy cilantro sauce to complement both the samosa and the tamarind sauce that comes with it too!
The palak paneer is so delicious and not too over spiced or under seasoned and it's accompanied with a large naan bread that has been warmed on the grill along side a bed of  soft-fluffy fragrant Jasmine rice...my mouth is watering already!
This place is indeed a hidden gem in the culinary world of the strip.
It's in the Riviera Casino's food court!
WHO would of known?
I just happened to had walked inside with hunger and the scent of Indian home cookery led me to this fabulous place!
If you are hungry (the servings are enough for 2 to share) and are on a budget, but not in a palate budget, then come over for some darn delicious food!
Plus, the staff was so calm, patient and helpful!
I will come here again on my next trip to Vegas!

Fast, friendly service.
Big-portioned tasty food.
Drawback: plastic utensils.

This place is a modest great place to eat some quick indian food.
Very tasty, very reasonaable.
Their aloo tikki chat is one of my fav.
My only prob with them is their limited menu and their south indian isn't all that great.
All said I liked eating there for my stay there.
So 4 out of 5 stars!

What a hidden gem.
As good as the food is, India Masala should consider a full restaurant.
We had the famous vegetable samosa to start with.
And the Chicken Tikka Masala and Masala Dosa was very well seasoned and freshly made with a over sized piece of naan.
Jasmine rice also comes with the tikka masala.
The food is delicious and they give you plenty of it.
The staff was friendly.
Seating area is limited since its a food court.
The prices are a bit high for Indian food in a food court but after eating here it was well worth it.

I had their vegetarian combo two days in a row.
It did taste really good.
It was spicy enough for me.
I wouldn't mind even if it was a bit more spicy.
(I love spicy food.
) The only downside was they had almost the same item in the combo on both days except one dish.
The naan was too thin and a bit crisp for my taste.
I also tasted dosa which was really good.
I would love to come back to this place next time I am in Vegas.

Yum.
Went here with Misti Y last night before the Roller Derby event and was really impressed.
Their naan (included with entree) comes out big, savory and soft with lots of air pockets, and the chef's recommendation of 'medium-hot' spice for my entree was pretty perfect.
I got the Chicken Tikka Masala, and look forward to trying the Vegetable Korma next time.
While waiting for my order, I wandered down the food court to check out the other vendors and happened upon the India Masala / Gaylord India mini-truck parked outside - I had no idea that the Rio Hotel's Gaylord India restaurant was related to this food court satellite.
Makes me want to try Gaylord India as well.
And, while we were waiting we ran into a cool Elite Yelper couple that Misti had never met in person.
India Masala is open late (past 1AM) and curiously the late night menu is smaller but more expensive by $1-$2.
I guess they kind of have a monopoly on masala after 10PM on the Strip.
4.5 stars (If my dish were $8 or $9 instead of $12, I would give India Masala 5 stars in a heartbeat.
) My current late-night fix has been 10PM happy hour sushi.
If we can figure out how to park close to the India Masala mini-truck I think this could be a solid afterparty spot, joining the likes of Soyo, Herbs & Rye, Satay, Slidin' Thru HQ and Bazic...

We needed our indian fix and yelped this place.
Be warned it is in an old casino food court.
The people were nice and the huge skinny piece of naan bread made up alittle for the $12.99 tag on the Chicken tika masala.
The sauce was kinda greasey and runny like soup but you get a plate FULL .
The spiciness was sharp and harsh 6/10.
For a food court ot was good and only ok for a restaurant .

I took the suggestions and had the dosa masala.
I also added some vegetable pakoras, and they were all very good.
Very tasty, well prepared, very much worth the price.
I like to judge ethnic food by how many people of that ethnicity are actually present at the restaurant when I am there eating.
Its safe to say that the Indian community is well aware of India Masala and are pleased with the food that is presented there.
That to me, is a sign of a winner.

Good India food with a fast food concept.
Its located inside the Riviera Hotel and was the only good option for lunch.
The food tastes good and is reasonably priced for Vegas.
The quantity deserves a special mention too.
Stop by for a quick tasty bite.

Shockingly good.
Was actually staying at this hotel and lo and behold really good indian food downstairs.
It was very authentic and tasty.
Definitely recommended if you happen to need indian food after a night of partying.

Visited India Masala last weekend after looking for good India food on Yelp.
The food "hit the spot", was very authentic and I guess the best Indian food I ever had in Vegas.
It is located in Riviera's food court (not the best place in vegas) but the good food compensates for the ambience.
5 stars for food (-1 ambience).
I would definitely go again.

Found this place around midnight on a saturday.
There was only one guy working there, so my chicken curry and samosas order took about 25 minutes.
WELL worth the wait.
Cost about 20 bucks but was plenty for 2 people.
This was by far the best curry I have had in the states, let alone Vegas.
It beat out all other fancy Indian joints by far.
Only thing it was a notch too spicy for me.
And I LOVE hot food.
I highly recomend this diamond in the rough.

After Misti Y.
's Hall Monitor CMYE, a few of us decided to walk across to the Riviera for some India Masala action.
Its location is kinda odd being part of a food court than a free standing restaurant.
Their menu is pretty extensive, offering curries, dosas, and vegetarian items as well.
I split the Tandoori grill Combo with the wifey and the portions were pretty generous, but the price ($15) was pretty steep for a food court entree  Taste is everything and every bite was delicious as was the naan and chutneys that came with our order.
we don't frequent Indian dining spots as much (because my stomach is craving Goyemon most of the time) but I'd like to return to try their other items...ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(15/365) "Namaste!

The last dosa place we went to in Vegas charged us around $4 for rice.
So we came here looking for a new dosa spot and weren't disappointed.
The dosa was all that it should be, and the coconut chutney was light and refreshing.
(My fiancee is obsessed with coconut chutney, so he didn't even bother with the tamarind chutney)  I had an order of naan, and ate it with the sabar (just had lunch somewhere else).
The best part for me was the mango lassi.
It's just the way I like it, which is not overly sweet.
I'd go back just for the lassi, my fiancee will return for another dosa.
Def rec.

Its located in food court area of Rivera, there r other good indian options on strip.
I prefer tamba over this.

Indian masala is probably the only place that serves good south Indian food in las vegas.
The food is good and is worth the money.

Look no further for the best Indian food on the strip!
Not like there was fierce competition.
It's pretty interesting that it popped up at the food court of the Riviera of all places.
I'm still trying to figure out why it's here.
Do guests of the Riviera have a strong fever that can only be satiated with tremendous curry flavors?
All I see are old people playing slots!
It doesn't matter though.
I'm just glad it's here and it's tremendous.
Not only do they have every curry you could want but they serve a lot of south Indian dishes most places don't.
I only wished I was hungrier when I came to try more things.
We ended up ordering the tandoori combo which included 4 different meats and the saag paneer accompanied by 2 orders of naan.
Everything was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try more menu items.
The two reasons for no 5 star rating are the location (hate the parking garage) and the price which is a couple extra dollars more than other places.
There are too many Indian options off the strip for lunch at better price points and they're all you can eat.
Still, it doesn't take away from how good their food is.
I can't believe I actually have a reason to go to the Riviera now!

Very good Indian food, highly recommended than other options on the strip.
Though located in a food court within Riviera Casino, the food is tasty and worth the buck.
Best dish was Shahi Paneer.
It was desi dhaba style, enough quantity for both me and my wife.
Their Naan's were nice and crispy.
South Indian food was decent, nothing good or bad about it.
For the few days we stayed on the strip, we went here couple of times and it was worth it.
Service was quick and good.
I think the location makes this place a little less popular and unknown to the crowd.
If you have a car or any other means to get here, I think its totally worth it though.
You can avoid the crowds and have some nice Indian food here.

The food is one of the worst I had in a long time.
Curd or yogurt in my papdi chaat was so sour and the potatoes ice cold.
I just ended up throwing it off in garbage

Easily some the best Naan you'll ever taste.
It's too bad that not many folks will ever find this gem in its hidden location in the Riviera.
The Riviera food court has absolutely no ambience, but if you like Indian the food is very good.

Best Indian food in Vegas!!!
Always lines of people waiting, but the wait is so worth it!
Its made fresh and trust me you can taste it.
I dont know what my favorite is, because theres so much.
MUST TRY !

Based on the looks and location of this place, you would never guess how good it is.
I went there with two relatives who were visiting from southern India and we all loved the food!
The dishes were deliciously authentic and the portions were very generous.
The tandoori chicken plate we ordered was cooked to perfection.
I also recommend the masala dosa.
It's a great little gem that I can't wait to go back to next time I'm in Vegas!

Let me start off by saying, I only went to this place because of the reviews I read on Yelp.
Definitely not disappointed.
I truly would have never found this place if it were not for Yelp.
And probably even if I did, I would have been reluctant to try it since it is in a food court.
If you are going to India Masala it is for nothing else but good food.
I mean who says I am going to the food court to eat dinner?
Other than maybe high school kids.
Prices were a bit pricey for a food court but it is in a hotel on the strip.
However, to my surprise I had more than enough food and could hardly finish my meal.
I paid about $15.00 for a butter chicken (spicy) meal with rice, naan and soda.
I definitely was not disappointed.
You wait a little longer for your food than we would be accustomed to in a food court setting but my food was fresh and oh so good.
I am literally salivating now just thinking about it.
My only set back was I had one little piece of lemon grass that was too big so when I bit into it it was not fun for me.
Good sign for me is when I see native people eating their own food.
There is nothing worse than going to an ethnic place to eat and you do not see any people of their own kind there.
Best Naan in town, hands down.
This is definate must try for any Indian Food Lovers.
You can not be disappointed.
It is definate return and new fave for me.

Located in the corner of the food court at the Riviera.
Easy to miss, but well worth the search.
The workers were VERY friendly, helpful and patient.
Excellent service.
I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo (requested extra spicy), and my friends ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala.
Both dishes come with rice and naan.
Both come out to ~$13 after tax.
Both plates give large portions relative to all other Indian cuisines I've been to.
CHICKEN VINDALOO: kinda spicy, I had hoped for spicier, but oh well.
I loved it.
They use dark meat from the chicken and don't skimp out on your portion.
The potatoes could've been better prepared.
It was a little hard or undercooked maybe.
The sauce was amazing and very well spiced.
Rice was okay; no comments there.
The naan was great and fluffy, and it was pretty heavily glistened with butter.
CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA: I tasted some of my friend's tikka masala and I thought it was also really good.
Definitely one of the best plates I've had for Indian cuisine.
It was reasonably spicy and spiced perfectly.
Not many other comments since I only tasted it.
My 8 hour drive back in traffic was terrible.
Not because of the traffic, but because everytime I thought about the chicken vindaloo I had, my mouth would salivate.
Heavily.
Hell, even as I write this review, I'm practically drooling.
Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely coming back here.

What a great surprise in a food court!
A little expensive, but the best food available in the Riviera hotel!
Healthy and full of flavor!

not bad for indian fast food.
food was fresh, hot, tasted really good, and the serves are big.
their Dosa and Sambar is very good.
their Butter Chicken was done right and the Naan served with the combo plates was huge and delicious.
it is in the Riviera food court so seating was limited during their busy hours and the seating area was a little dirty.
will eat from here again next time im in town but might take it to go and eat it in the comfort of my timeshare!

I regretted not trying out India Masala the last time I was at the Riviera.
An Indian restaurant in a food court?
I didn't really trust it.
But a couple days later I saw it on Yelp with plenty of good reviews.
So when I finally headed back to the Riviera a few months later to check out roller derby, I knew where my dinner stop would be.
The menu is large and has plenty of vegetarian options.
We were starving and not sure how large the servings would be so we went a little crazy; we got an order of saag paneer, vegetable korma, and a masala dosa.
The saag and korma both came with a side of rice and naan, while the dosa came with two chutneys.
The dosa came out first and was HUGE.
I know dosas are large, but I'm pretty sure I could have thrown the thing in Lake Mead and rode it around like a boat.
It was full of potatoes, peas, and lentils and had a nice samosa-taste to it.
I was so hungry that I completely forgot about my chutneys and didn't try them at all.
Boo.
The saag was good, but lacking a depth of flavor I get at Mint and Origin.
It wasn't bad, but considering the price was the same I'd rather eat at one of those two restaurants.
The vegetable korma was also good but looked a little different from others I've had.
This one was more red in color (instead of yellow) and had a smoky taste to it.
The sides of rice were large and you get a piece of naan the size of your plate.
I love naan, but this one was a little boring for me.
Plus one came out nice and doughy while the other was overcooked and had a crunch to it.
We also ordered a mango lassi and it was undrinkable.
The consistency was too thin and almost tasted like spoiled yogurt.
It went in the trash.
In all, this place is good and I would come back if we were at the Riviera, but the prices are pretty ridiculous to me considering they are in a food court.
Isn't the point of a food court to get cheap grub instead of paying the extra money to sit-down somewhere?
Their appetizers (samosas and such) were about $7 while the dosa was about $8.
I knew the dosa was more food and therefore a better deal so that's why we ordered it instead of an appetizer.
Entrees were around $11 while combo platters were around $13.

Very good options and tasty food.
I have tried them for the first time and I love it.
Only place I found to have south Indian food without BUFFET.
I am definitely going there again and did I mention its 24/7 :D

Awesome!
And LATE LATE LATE!
SITREP  Hot Dam!
What a find when wandering along Las Vegas Blvd at 2am!
MENU  LV Yelper Paolo had recommended the Butter Chicken, Naan, Rice, ALL GOOD, and this particular dish tends to be my "litmus test" for different places from Seattle to Sacramento to L.A. and now Vegas, and I have to say it was De-LISH.
PRICE YIKES!
But the combo was about $14 after tax and tip, with this and something that I would consider to be very pricey if at home or work.
However, this was my Vegas trip and in most situations while traveling, I won't spare the expense for the experience.
THE LOWDOWN  A great find in Vegas for Indian fare!

With it's hidden location inside the Riviera Hotel, you would never know about it unless you "Yelp"-ed it.
On a search for great Indian food, my dear friend and fellow Yelper found this place doing a Yelp search for food in town.
Neither one us had been there before so we figured why not, what the hey!?!?!
I can't believe it's 24 hours!!
That's epically fabulous!!
The food served mild still had kick and flavour, and the service was fabulous.
Served fresh & piping hot.
You have to wait a bit to get your order but if it means it's 'cooked to serve', I'll take it :)  Headed back to Vegas tomorrowand you can be sure I am attempting to make a stop at the Riviera just for my Masala fix :)

Excellent!
The veggie Samosas were spot on... Big.. Crispy on the outside... nice potatoes and spices on the in.
Butter Chicken was nice.. A little tart... aromatic.. Sweet.. Chicken moist.
Very nice dish.
The portions are huge.
Naan bread is cooked perfectly...
Crisp..soft..chewy.

3.5 Rating - The Indian food was Good, but not great.
But it was a treat to get any Indian food in that Food Court.
Had the Channa Dosa.
While good and very filling, it was a bit one dimensional.
When I asked for it spicy, the handed me these generic hot sauce packets that tasted like Tabasco sauce (yuck!
)  The chutneys that accompanied the Dosa were pretty bland and generic too.
But, as we are staying here for a convention this week and it's 106 outside, would be willing to try some other dishes next time.

Visited India Masala two more times during our stay at the Riviera.
It's still about 3.5 star experience, but I rounded up for the following:  * Owner was very nice and helpful and told me that if I wanted spicy, just ask for extra chilies, which I did and it was much better than cheap-o packages of hot sauce.
She also explained some of the more exotic items on the menu to me.
* The Chicken Tika Masala was OK.  Granted, it was missing more of the complex Indian spices and became one- dimensional after a few bites.
But the nan bread was hot & fresh.
And heck, it's a food court and much better than Subway or pizza-by-the-slice.
* The Veggie Samosas were really quite good and came with tasty mint & tamarind sauce.

Great food!
Great $.
Worth the trip.
I know it's in the food court of the Riviera, but don't let that stop you from making the trip to this gem.

This place is extremely good.
It is the second best Indian resturant in Vegas.
The first being Namaste.
It is not a hole in the wall just in an off strip location.
This is where the locals eat!

tasty 24hr food.
tried dosai, idli , uthappam, and veg briyani.
everything was good, except idli.
it's little pricey for the amount.
but in the strip, it's acceptable.
convenient location, if you walk to this place or take the bus or park in circus circus.
rivera is one of the very old casino's, they still have their dirt from the day opened.
including the slowest elevator in their parking.

We found this place at the Riviera and I have to say it exceeded our expectations.
Just walking thru the food court and smelling the spices made me salivate.
I have to say some of the best indian food I have had.
I had the Masala Dosa and I have to say this is one of the best Dosa I have ever had.
We  have a few restaurants in our city that have Dosa but it does not measure up to the dosa here.
It was huge with lots of filling and the sambar soup served with it was spicy but not too spicy.
I have not been to Vegas since May and every time I think of the dosa here I start to drool.
My boyfriend had the Tandori combo and he said it was extremely good.
I cannot wait to go back again.
We have had Tamba before and while it is good and they offer Goat my boyfriends favorite for basic indian food you cannot beat this place.
I cant wait until my next trip to Vegas just to have another masala dosa from here and if they serve them at 2am on the late night menu dont be surprized to find me there.

BOMB!
This place is so good!
The family and I wanted to get a bite to eat before watching Society of Seven at the Riveria Hotel and Casino so we made our merry way to the Food Court since there's a variety to choose from.
Walking up to the food court, you can instantly smell the wonderful spices used in Indian food.
I LOVE Indian food so of course I didn't care to check out the other spots, I wanted some curry and naan!
I ordered the chicken tikka masal, chicken vindaloo and naan.
OMG, so freaking good!
Both were served with white rice.
The naan was like the size of my face!
It was coated in butter and I used it to soak up sauce from my dish.
The chicken vindaloo was my favorite.
It was nice and spicy and had a ton of flavor.
I devoured the whole thing and ate some of the chicken tikka masal since that was my sister's dish.
She liked it too.
It could have been spicier but that's just personal preference.
It was kinda expensive but Indian food is kind of expensive as is.
Each entrée was $10.99 and the naan was $1.99.
The food took a while to come out but it was worth the wait.
I got a cup of water and the guy said if I wanted more water he'd fill it up for me.
That was nice of him!
I really like this place.
When I go back to Vegas, I will for sure come here for my Indian fix.
I'm craving Indian food for dinner now!
Best part: It's open 24 hours!!
As good as it gets!

very very good Indian restaurant  in las Vegas blvd ,indiamasala dosa &samber same like chennai taste ,we had wonderful food'  less price, lot of food.

The food might take a while to come out.
Just expect it, then it won't be as painful.
I went here based on the reviews here.
I was suspicious first but I decided to give a shot since I was staying at Riviera hotel anyway and was too tired to go far for food yesterday.
It turned out, the place was awesome.
I ordered my usual for Indian food, Chicken Tikka Masara, to go.
It came with rice and a huge naan.
Plenty for one person.
I was so full 2/3 of the container but I hated to see the rest go wasted so powered through to finish the whole thing (I didn't have a microwave to warm it up next day so saving leftover wasn't an option).
It was that good.
Mango Lassi was also delicious too.
Perfect consistency and not too sweet.
I give 4 stars because I think the price is a bit steep for a food-court.
If you make it to go, remember to grab silverwares and napkins.
They are a food-court joint after all so they don't put those gears in a bag for you, you need to grab them yourself.

I cant stand indian food, sorry its just not my cup of tea.
But my wife kinda likes it and wanted to try it here.
The food court here in the Riviera is literally a ghost town, I cant comprehend how all the eateries stay in business.
She ordered a non veg plate that came on a little prison plate with tiny little compartments of food and a big piece of bread.
She said it all tasted pretty good and she easily finished it all, and she doesnt  have a big appetitie.
The cost w/o drink was over $16!
which is outrageous for food court food during lunch.
I know this is vegas and eveything is overpriced a bit, but every other eatery had equal sized portions for half the cost, Plus my wife got really sick after eating it,

I love me some indian masala and this place does indian exactly how I like it spicey and fresh.
You will not go hungry here, and the price is perfect.
We had the buffet, its so killer.
I have to go back soon.
Mmmm MMMmmmm  Good....get some!

The downside is that this is a relatively simple place for Indian food.
Seriously, what can you expect from a food court of this size?
Everything is authentic and aimed in the right direction, but at the same time everything falls just a hair short of what it likely would be if it were a standard restaurant.
To their credit, they have a reduced menu even through the middle of the night.
It's a blessing if you're stuck in the Riviera at 2 am and nobody wants to walk down the strip.
It's not the kind of place to go out of your way for, but if you wind up stuck at the Riviera or Circus Circus and need to fill up in the middle of the night, it's one of your best picks.

Horrible horrible horrible.. we ordered over phone to pick up.. when we came to our Hotel room we were shocked to see BURNT naans.. burnt to the core.. and the parts where is not burnt it is not cooked at all.. how could someone cook like this??
what a waste of money!

Great Indian food!
I had the Tikka Masala very spicy and it delivered (obviously it's a British dish).
The naan was good too.
Hot and soft and the bottom was crispy.
The people working were very nice too.

I love Indian food.
It is a recent obsession and I know the good stuff when I see it.
The food at this food court location is very good.
The naan is fresh and tasty.
All of the entrees are made fresh to order, so let the cooks know how spicy you enjoy  your entrees.
Service: the staff is use to tourists and questions.
They were very friendly and knowledgeable about the products sold.
Wait time: everything is cooked fresh.
If you are in a rush, go to Quiznos subs.
The food is worth the 10 minute wait while they cook it.
Price: pretty pricey for a food court.
It was $40 for two waters, to entrees, an app of samosas and bread.
This is the same price we pay at a sit-down restaurant.
The drinks are not included in the combo price.
Location: it appears they share a kitchen with a burger joint...
Strange for an Indian joint...
Try this place if you are at the Rivera casino.

Best Indian food on the strip!
And the sweetest service you'll find at any Indian restaurant anywhere.

Went for the buffet it was ok will go back if in the area.

At first we were very excited to have food here because of the great reviews.
VERY DISAPPPOINTED!!!
Food was cold, tasteless and had to wait more than 20 min.
There are better sit down choices, please spend ypur money $$, at a sit down place and get service with the meals!!!
Gave it two star, one star for the convenience and another star since they had a water dispenser on their counter.
Would not recommend.

The Good: Open 24 hours.
Dosa tastes well.
Food is ready in less than 10 minutes.
The bad: Other items such as Chana Masala or Chilli Panner tastes bad.
Always order something that can be prepared fast like dosa.

Bad food:( we ordered a plain dosa and veggie combo - the plain dosa was hot came with sambhar and chutneys - sambhar had no salt and was watery,chutneys were watery and cold, I think made few days ago.
Veggie combo - had rice, naan, chole, palak paneer, curd and dal.
The palak paneer hardly had any paneer - and was firm, chole dal - salt less.
Curd - was thin and sour, I think made up few days ago.
Not worth the money.
Just a temporary way to kill hunger.
Review by an Indian!

Wish I could give this place negative stars.
Waited OVER an hour for an order of chicken curry.
The employees seemed to have no sense of urgency at all.
They would stop to fill up water containers even though there were about a dozen people waiting.
When we finally got the curry, it was watery and the chicken was dry.
Not worth the wait or money.
Ill never ever go here again.

Food is served fresh...very close to home made food.
If you are looking for an Indian restaurant..this is the place open round the clock.

First off, I have to tell you that I'm Indian, so I'm probably going to be a little more critical of this place than most others.
I paid $15 for the vegetarian thali, which was pretty expensive for food that comes in a Styrofoam plate from a restaurant in a food court.
The food at this restaurant is the kind of stuff that they probably cook once a day all in one batch, and then serve throughout the day.
Unfortunately, if you go there at 2 AM like I did, the food they serve you might be a little stale from sitting out all day.
I've eaten here twice because I feel sorry for these people who don't seem to get very many customers, but I don't think I'll eat here again.
The food just isn't good, and the prices are way too high.

The Yelp review says this place has four stars.
This ranking clearly applies to the food, which is indeed tasty and fresh.
Well prepared.
Naan was puffy, doughy and crispy.
What did NOT seem to warrant the stars was the location - this place is located in the Food Court of the Riviera.
The excellent food, served on paper plates with plastic forks within the common area of the court brought a feeling of anticappointment - not the kind of ambience the four-stars erroneously suggested.
Come for the great food...but take it somewhere else to enjoy.

Hands down the best Indian food I had in Vegas.
only down side is, its in a food court and most times, I had to wait 10 mins minimum to get my food.
if you like Tandoori, Tandoori Combo gives a small portion of different tandoori dish (Caution: Longer wait time for this dish) my favorite.
I have tried chicken biriyani, butter chicken combo, utthapam and Tandoori combo.
This is a north Indian style kitchen and expecting south Indian dishes like uthappam to be good is my mistake.
Biriyani was decent, Butter chicken melted in my mouth.
There was a girl on the cash register was explaining that her favorite drink is Mango lassi to one of the person ahead of me in the line, so I wanted to try it out, it turned out to be the best of all Mango lassi I had.
Naan was soft and yummy.
$15.99 for Tandoori Combo may be little pricy, but better than most Indian lunch buffet I had in Vegas.
I learned that they have another restaurant near the strip where they have buffet (India Masala Bar & Grill - 1040 E Flamingo Rd Las Vegas, NV 89119) and more like proper restaurant.
I am going to try it the next time when I will be in Vegas.
This joint is located in Riviera Hotel's food mall, you can park for free at Riviera self parking at the rear of the Riviera casino.
Bottom line: Nice little joint for good tasty North Indian food.

Good food... Like their tandoori combo and non veg combo.... People working there are friendly.
Would def visit again and would highly recommend.

Guys I wanted to give you a 5 star and was about to.
But when my bf got home.checked his credit card you guys took it upon yourselves to add.gratuity.
humm first off.the cashier was not very friendly.
Everthing.we asked.for you.where out of.
But over all food was tastey.
Next time.I am in vegas and on that side of strip I will go back

After 6 days on the strip staying at Wynn and Pallazo, I needed some real flavor.
This place def filled that void.
Will be back next time in Vegas.

Very unhygienic place to eat!!
open 24 hrs  we went with friends ordered naan ,dosa ,Malai kofta etc., Dosa is tasteless!!
Food tastes real bad at this place .But i see most of the Indians eating here.
I would prefer going to India masala on E flamingo st. That is definitely a must try if you want Indian food!

A handful of years ago, I had a successful night of luck at the Riviera.
Whenever I win big, I want a big meal.
The Riviera buffet looked lacking, so I wandered to India Masala and got some kind of curry dish.
It was delicious!
Even with the $20 pp price tag, I happily paid it, and put India Masala as one of my favorite secrets in Las Vegas.
Yeah well... that was a handful of years ago.
I went back yesterday and ordered the Tandoori combo.
Yuck.
Firstly, it's $16, which is ok, it's on the Strip (kinda on the Strip, Riviera isn't exactly a world-class hotel).
But it's mostly a plate of chicken, a plate of very dry chicken.
The saving grace was the naan and a side of curried beans (?
) that saved the dish from complete flavorlessness.
It also comes with a side of sausage which I've never had before and they were okay.
So, the food on this trip warrants 3-stars.
But the overall ambiance of the place is -1 stars.
The place is open 24 hours, that's nice, but it shares the space with a burger place.
The cashier was jumping from the burger joint to the Indian counter.
Hey, I'm all about mom and pop shops, but this was not cute.
It was annoying.
It's at least a 15 min wait for the food on a slow Saturday night (it being slow on Saturday should've been a tip-off).
The service was polite, on par to what I'd find at Subway, but that's ok, I don't go to Indian places for good service.
I didn't care for the self-serve lukewarm water on the counter.
In conclusion, this visit was 1.5 stars ( I rounded up) but I'm hoping the first visit here wasn't some far-off dream.
Maybe they had an off day....

Look no further if you want very good food on the strip (well, almost).
My wife and I stayed at Riviera for 3 nights and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the food here.
Don't be fooled by the fact that it's located in a food court, the food is really really good.
We were so impressed that we ended up eating breakfast and dinner everyday during our stay.

Terrible food, too much salt in the dishes.
Nothing is mild, everything we ate was chili pepper spicy.
I know indian food is spicy, but the dishes here were unbearable.

Read the reviews before I went and thought it would be a great experience.
But should have paid closer attention to what they really said.
Had the chicken tikka masala with a mango lassi.
The mango lassi was good.
The masala was over priced for the quality it was.
It is in a food court and should be evaluated as fast food.
Not the greatest, but okay when you are hungry and anything will do.
Not the best if you are looking for good Indian food.
Though the naan was pretty good.
The question I had to ask was "where's the chicken?
"  Too much sauce for the amount of meat.
So, in the end, the value to quality did not justify the price.
But if you get that late night craving for Indian food in the city that never sleeps, this would be an okay stop as they are open 24 hours, but for a great meal of Indian food, find somewhere else.

Food court quality.

I have been staring at the sign for 3 years and finally decided to try this.
Honestly I was in there for Parsley which isnt open yet.
However, decided on trying this place out.
Had the Tandoori Sampler.
Was overcooked meat mostly and had the total buffet taste going on.
No made to order and was not impressed.
Nan was highlight but wouldnt repeat.

Good food.
Ordered Veg Combo, Shahi Paneer and Mango Lassi.
Naan was amazing.
A little expensive but worth it.

R u tired by roaming on the Strip?
R u Super Hungry?
Go n Order food from here.
Order the Chicken Combo and Enjoy all Tandoori Variety of Chicken.
The Taste of food is Awesome.

The only good thing about this restaurant is that it is open 24 hrs.
But the Menu after 10.30 is very limited.
We went there for Dinner, since it was late in the night, and nothing else was open.
Food was decent, so we thought the breakfast the next day would be good too, but their Aloo paratha was not at all like a reglar aloo paratha, the aloo in it was scarce.
The ambience is a put off too, since it is in the food court of a vey old casino.
Appears shady compared to all other casinos in Vegas.
I would not recommend unless you want indian food after 11 pm.

Don't go for a look of this place cause this place is legit, I found this place almost two years a go and I have been here few times already and I am from houston, it's quick service and it's delicious, I love their daal.
I make sure I come here every time I am in Vegas!

Terrible service Food is bland - no real Indian taste  On the plus side - they are open 24 hours

Good food order veg combo shaai paneer And mango lassi naan was amazing Good experience ..

This place is extremely overpriced for a small take out place in a dirty little corner of the riviera casino.
The place is very shabby, and no one would ever want to sit and dine here.
The portions are really really small for the price they charge.
The plates in which they give the food out are made of very thin paper and all the gravy of my curry was sunk into it.
Trust me no one would ever want to dine here if there was a choice.

I eat Indian  food today after three day stay in Las Vegas I can't stop to say this is best and wonder full place to eat Indian food .
I hop you will try too !!!!!

WORST PLACE!!!
Customer service is horrible!
They started off by getting my order wrong then when I went back to have it fixed  he told me he could not help me because I forgot my ticket upstairs.
He then told me he would give me my money back and then said " get the fuck out of my restaurant along with a Spanish curse word"...
If I could  give them negative points I would.
That kind of behavior is not acceptable ever!!

Oh my this place is so good I really love Indian food I know the good stuff  servic was very good friendly chicken tikka masala very good not spicy thanks India masala.....

They served good food.
Naans are made to order.
Food was quite good.
And they are open 24 hours.

My boyfriend and I checked in to the hotel around 2 am and we were hungry.
Since it's the only 24/7 fast food place in the hotel we got food from here.
We got the Chicken Tikka Masala.
We got up to our room and the room and began eating and the chicken was cold.
The sauce was warm but the the chicken wasn't warm at all.
So my boyfriend called down to tell the restaurant our food was cold and the person that took our order said we took to long and hung up in his face.
I called back and ask if the manager was in.
He said no, so I asked for his name and he gave me a fake name.
So the next day my boyfriend went down to talk to the manager and they gave him another meal free.
For fast food indian food it had a pretty good taste but some of their workers are unprofessional.

