Last night I went to a performance of Othello.
I'm not sure what my expectations were, but this local theatre company exceeded anything that I thought could be possible in a small space in the back of the commercial center.
Run, don't walk to buy season tickets to this theatre!!
They are so wonderful!
I couldn't believe my eyes that there was so much effort put forward for a local group!
Thank you to Insurgo for making the performing arts happen in Las Vegas!

I have been going to Insurgo productions for a couple of years, and I was excited to see them get their own theatre in Sahara Commercial Center.
Since its opening several months ago, improvements have been made, and the theatre has gotten better.
Last night, I attended Rossum's Universal Robots by Karel Capek.
This is very well done by a terrific cast.
It will be playing until July 10th, so you only have a short time if you want to see the show, too!
Check out their website.
There is something playing there almost every weekend.

Great plays, great productions, excellent acting.
Vegas may be known for the over-the-top, spectacle extravaganza gigantic show, but Insurgo is consistently offering the best theater in Vegas.
The plays they choose are thought-provoking and entertaining and they are staged in an small, but interesting space in Commercial Center.
They say that  hungry artists produce the best work.
Based on the brilliance of the Insurgo plays I've seen, the cast and director must be starving.

a wide range of both productions and talent, nothing below excellent, true a bit on the fringe at times but highly entertaining, casting is always firt class.
Insurgo proves the Theater movement in Las Vegas is alive and well.

Gotta love the Insurgents!
No matter the play, they put their all into it.
This group deserves to have an audience because they lay their hearts on the boards.
There is a lot of talent hanging out in New Orleans Square, no doubt about it.

When it comes to "Arts and Culture" am a very experienced symphony  goer but a complete novice at theater.
I saw a review of Insurgo in Desert Companion and then checked them out on Yelp and their own website.
It seemed interesting, so I saw their production of The Little Prince.
Being a theater novice, I expected the venue would be a large auditorium or something like that.
I was surprised that the venue is a little hole in the wall that seats maybe 50 or so.
The small size did not take away from the performance, in fact it made it better.
You're so close you actually make eye contact with the performers and this adds a personal and intimate touch.
Despite being a small troop in a city of lavish shows, I was very impressed with the production.
Even though I have only been to one performance, I could tell these people were very dedicated and passionate about their craft.
I am going to give them four stars for now, but I'm sure that will go to five when I see them next, which I plan to do.

