I HIGHLY recommend Uptown Bridal for anyone searching for their perfect wedding dress.
The staff is really really friendly and helpful.
They're all very knowledgeable about the designers and styles they carry.
Ali was the one that helped me, and was really patient with me in trying to find my dress - there were two that I couldn't decide between, and she helped me get dressed in them multiple times to compare.
Also, the day of my appointment, there was a parade going on on the main street out front, so they actually called me up the day before to give me a heads up and give me directions to go the back-way - really impressed me before I even went in.
I went to two other boutiques, but there was something missing from the experience at those two places.
One had great dresses but not-so-great service.
The other was lacking on both the dresses and the customer service.
So I was happy when they fit me in to come back in on a Saturday evening right before closing so I could have one last look.
My girl was busy, so the owner of the store actually made room for me and helped me try on the dresses - talk about customer service.
I ended up finding the perfect dress and am so excited to go back in for my fitting.
Again...HIGHLY recommend them to anyone shopping for wedding dresses.

I learned about uptown bridal from the staff at Dolce salon.
One of the stylists said she was treated like a princess when she was there, so of course I had to go there for my first-ever bridal appointment.
I knew from the time that I made my appointment that this would be a good experience.
The owner let me know what to expect and offered advice on what and who to bring with me.
The service was just amazing, the owner helped me into each and every dress, explained the different types of fabric and the features of each gown.
She helped me select gowns based on photos I brought in and had great suggestions for altering gowns to suit my individual taste.
The sales team keeps a file with your favorite gowns and will let you come back to try them again any time.
We were never pressured to buy and she was very mindful of our budget.
Added bonuses: slips are provided when trying on gowns and there is a fan in each fitting room, so you can keep cool between trying on dresses.
The shop is located in downtown Chandler, I recommend heading to Kokopeli after for a nice glass of wine.

This store was great.
They were very helpful and accommodating.
My wedding is in 3 weeks and they gave me multiple options.
Ali were great.
Would recommend.

Uptown Bridal was an amazing experience!
I just purchased my dress from them and was so pleasantly happy with their service, the quality of their merchandise and beautiful atmosphere!
They cater to your needs, give honest opinions, do not upsell but rather, assist in finding their customers the best fitting dress for each brides' needs.
I would reccomend this boutique to any bride looking for a great shopping experience with reasonable pricing.
They really made me feel as if I was the only person there and didn't rush me through any of my decision making but really made me feel extra special!
Thank you Diane, Tonia and Nicole--you girls are the best!!!!

This place is wonderful!
This is the ultimate wedding dress shopping experience!
All of the dresses they have are beautiful quality made dresses.
Nicole helped us out and got details of the wedding and made my mom and I feel really comfortable before even trying dresses on.
I loved how all of the dresses were out of the bag on adorable hangers so you could really see the dress before trying it on.
She gave me a clip board with my info card and on it was about 8 clothes hangers(they had cute heart design) and told me to put them on the hangers of the dresses I liked.
They provided a comfortable spanx slip and as another yelper mentioned there are fans in the room.
There are only 2 bridal dressing rooms which really allows for a personal experience.
Once I tried all the ones I had picked out ,nicole asked if she could show me a few she thought I would really love.
One of the ones she brought out is in my top 2 and she did a great job and telling me options with accesories and alterations.she told me to call her if I had anymore questions and to come back again to try the favorites on.
I will definatly be back to buy my dress here!

I loved my experience here.
I never experienced any pressure selling and felt attended to completely.
This place carried Stephanie James dresses, but I definitely couldn't afford the prices for those.
But they had dresses of  similar styles in a lower price point available as well.
I loved the staff here.
They were sweet and extremely professional.
Their customer service was outstanding and I have to say, that was a big reason I wanted to buy a dress here.
I also ended up buying one of my hair accessories here as well.
They had a unique selection and made the effort to make this purchase feel really special, which meant a lot to me.
I highly recommend checking out this shop!

I agree with all of the other (5 star) reviews.
Uptown Bridal was exactly what I needed.
Make an appointment here and you will not be sorry, even if you end up getting your dress somewhere else.
Just be sure to plan time for lunch before or after you appointment at one of the fantastic, close by restaurants.
My first weekend of dress shopping was not a great one (see some of my other reviews).
I decided to take a Friday afternoon off of work, asked my MOH to come with, and made an appointment at Uptown.
As we walked in the door, we were greeted and very warmly welcomed by Nicole.
She was super sugary sweet and made my shopping experience the best that it could have been.
Beautiful dresses, very beautifully displayed (read: "no cheap looking plastic bags") and I couldn't wait to start looking for my dress!
After getting some basic information about the wedding and the type of dress I was looking for, she gave me about seven cute clothespins to put on the hangars of the dresses I wanted to try on (so I didn't have to lug them to the room myself).
In the fitting room, there are slips for your to wear so you are covered and don't feel too exposed while being helped into the big pouffy white dresses.
They only allow two brides to have appointments at the same time, so you don't feel like you are being paraded out in front of a bunch of strangers.
The first few dresses I picked were nice, but then she picked one that knocked our Spanx off!!
I have another appointment (at a different store) to go to tomorrow, but I think I may have found THE DRESS at Uptown Bridal!
Sure the selection might not be as big and the dresses might be a little more than other places (they start at $850, I think) but the service is top notch and I would be happy to spend my hard-earned money on a fantastic store like this one.
After my bad experiences, I really needed an experience to make dress shopping fun again and Uptown Bridal completely exceeded all of my expectations.

I just purchased my gown at Uptown Bridal today and couldn't be happier with my experience working with Diane.
Here are some of the ways my experience here stood out from the rest of the stores:  I sat down with Diane to talk about the feel of my wedding and likes and dislikes and, unlike some of the other salons that I visited, I believe she really understood my taste based upon the selection of gowns that she pulled.
I received one-on-one attention from her the entire time.
In fact, there was never more than one other customer in the shop at the same time.
They provide a slip and accessories and help you into each gown (one shop had me dress myself).
For a small boutique, the gown selection is diverse including gowns that others didn't carry.
There were more than enough gowns to suite my niche taste.
The cost of the gowns are very reasonable.
I was able to get a lux and sophisticated gown within my budget.
(It makes me wonder how David's Bridal can stay in business asking similar prices for poor material and used-car style sales environment.
)   Most importantly, I was never pressured into anything--gowns or immediate purchase.
In fact, they suggested that I take some time to think about it and not rush into any decision.
I would recommend Uptown Bridal to anyone that appreciates quality craftsmanship  and unique details in a gown and genuine customer service.

Simply the best bridal boutique.
The women there make you feel special, and they take care of you and your guests.
They carry Allure, Sophia Tolli, Enzoani, and many other brands.
When you arrive, the consultant sits down with you to talk about your wedding and what you're looking for.
She gives you 6 clothespins to pin to the dresses you want to try on.
No carrying your own dresses (Azteca) or hoping the consultant remembers the dresses you want (Lillian Lottie).
The consultant gives you a strapless Spanx slip that sucks you in so you feel gorgeous and maintains your modesty.
None of the other bridal salons I went to did this.
Nicole, my consultant and one of the owners, really got what I was looking for.
She didn't mind my friends' and my often snarky remarks, and she chose dresses that showed she was listening to our critiques.
When I was in the fitting room, I heard one of the consultants ask my bridal party if they needed water or if the temperature of the room was comfortable.
They really want to make it a positive experience.
When I found the dress, there was ABSOLUTELY NO PRESSURE to buy.
I said I wanted to sleep on it since it's a big decision, and Nicole completely understood.
The sample dress happened to be my size and color, and they offered it to me at a 20% discount even though it had just arrived a week or two earlier.
It was a couple of hours before closing on Saturday, and they offered to put my dress aside so nobody else would try it on or even see it.
That gave me the peace of mind knowing that I could take my time in making such a major decision.
Thank you, Uptown Bridal!

Yesterday was my second visit to uptown.
I knew from my first visit, that I wanted to buy my gown here.
I originally went with a friend, and was impressed not only with the selection of gowns that they carry, but what most other people say as well, the customer service.
I am working with Liz to find my perfect gown.
In under one hour, she was able to let me pick out what I liked, learn from each gown I tried on, and then make suggestions of what would be a good dress for me.
She went and grabbed a dress I would have overlooked, and I fell in love with it while it was on the hanger.
I couldn't wait to put it on!
Now I am excited to order it, and continue to work with these amazing ladies for the next year!
Hats off to Uptown for making my experience amazing!

Absolutley beautiful shop.
Its like a movie!
Exactly the expierence that I was hoping to have as I shopped for my wedding dress.
I didn't get my dress from here altough that have a lot of fantastic and out-of-the ordinary options.

Looks like I am going against the norm with the existing reviews, but I can't help it, I left this place feeling awful!
I have been all over the valley dress shopping, and this was the only negative experience we had.
The ladies seemed very fake, very judgmental about the fact that we had drank champagne throughout the day, and unhelpful when I was trying to show my friends and family my dresses.
My friends and family actually felt like the ladies were 'watching them' when I was in the dressing room, so they wouldn't steal anything!!!
Pretty much every aspect was negative.
I've actually spoken to other brides who had a similar experience, they just never Yelped it.
I did, however, give them 2 stars instead of 1 because they did have a nice dress selection.
But at the end of the day, you want to feel great through the process.
Even if I would have found 'the dress' at this store, I no way would have purchased it.

I had the absolute best experience ever at Uptown!
It's such a cute store and the people are genuinely nice and so helpful.
They listen to what you want and guide you in the direction of where it is located in the store.
Then you are given cute little  clips to put on dresses you want to try.
The spanks slip they loan you is an easy way to feel comfortable in and out of dresses while your salesperson helps out.
I liked so many of their dresses I couldn't believe it!
They have great styles for us large chested gals who aren't as big on the bottom!
I narrowed my search quickly to two, one of which was a bit over my price ceiling.
When it was clear the more expensive was my favorite, they gave me the price to buy the sample (25%off) and after a quick consultation with my mother, I was all in!!!
I'm so happy with my gown and they let me look it over top to bottom before making a final decision.
Then they said that they will fix little imperfections for no charge (missing beads, Loose strings, etc.
So awesome!
I couldn't be happier with my experience at Uptown and Tonia, and I will shout their praises from the rooftops!

We arrived an hour early from our appointment time and yet they were able to accomodate us.
I came here with CC "theBride" and her three Women of the family and the staff was very welcoming.
We had such a perfect experience from the exterior ambiance to the interior and not to mention the amazing staff.
They treated us with High-class customer service and made this process an even more special day.
I am so pleased and wished that I came here to find my dress.

The dress I chose had a corset back, fabric that wrapped around to conceal the corset, and lots of snaps and hooks for the removable train.
Months after I'd bought the dress, my salesperson was happy to show my mom and mother in law exactly how to lace up the dress and what order to do all the snaps.
On our follow-up visit everyone was just as professional and kind as before.

This team of experts couldn't have given me a better experience.
Every aspect of buying my wedding dress and getting it ready for the big day has been a breeze!
I felt no pressure to buy a dress from them.
The picking out the dress process is stressful but they went above and beyond to know me and my family and really pick one I'd love.
I can't say enough about how wonderful these gals are!
Thank you!

This boutique is owned by two twin sisters.
I was helped by Nicole and she was absolutely incredible.
After being to 4 different boutiques, this one actually makes the experience joyful and fun and carefree!
I can't wait to bring every person I know here!
Love it!

I agree this place looks very nice.
A small little boutique at the corner of the street and very organized.
Before we started looking at dresses, the salesperson asked me a ton of questions...all relevant to the wedding but I just wanted to dive in and start looking!
(I've been to other boutiques and didn't have to sit down for a question-and-answer session...) After all that questioning...She gave me 5 pins to pin on the hangers of the dresses I want to try on, then disappeared.
She came back to see what I have chosen, but wasn't able to make very good recommendations based on what I was looking for.
Perhaps she didn't have a wide selection of dresses to work with?
I felt like their dresses look very similar in style with only the small details being their differences.
The salesperson quickly lost her interest in helping me after I repeatedly disliked the few dresses I tried on.
We went to look at their selections of bridesmaid dresses and tried a few on while she stood at the reception desk chatting with her co-worker.

I purchased my bridal gown here for my wedding last year and I can't say anything bad about my experience.
My family that came with me both arrived late and I never once felt rushed.
I felt like they took time with me to make my decision and were very focused on what I wanted.
I appreciated being able to get honest completely unbiased feedback from my salesperson.
They made my experience everything that I hoped it would be for buying my wedding dress.
I tried several other boutiques and I felt like there was always something missing.
They found my dream dress for less than I intended to spend!
I recommend this boutique to anyone looking for their bridal gown.

Just have to write a review, this boutique holds a very special place in my heart!
When I was engaged, this was the third shop I went to after trying a few other places that, quite honestly, left me feeling overwhelmed and anxious.
That was not the case at Uptown Bridal.
The question and answer time with my assistant was exceedingly helpful, & she gave really great, insightful tips as to color, shape, etc.
After pinning dresses I liked with my friends & family, we were all given water & they had a great spot to sit & watch Father of the Bride (talk about a tearjerker) while I got dressed!
Found the dress of my dreams and paired it with a beautiful Enzoani belt on display.
Afterwards, there were so many options of cute places to go & celebrate the purchase at within walking distance!
Ally was an absolutely amazing assistant, I still rave about her to any of my friends getting married & am seriously so thankful for my experience there!
After a year had gone by, they still knew me by name & were the sweetest ladies I have ever had the pleasure of working with!
Wonderful experience all around.
It is a MUST if you are looking for a wedding dress!!

I completely agree with the other reviewers that this store is beautiful and the staff is very friendly.
Sadly, I had zero luck and their selection of original & different dresses left me empty handed and defeated.
BUT, my sales gal was absolutely wonderful and encouraging throughout my two hour appointment.
We were both determined to find a winner...I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Their accessory collection was great too, I might be back here to get a belt, headband & earrings.
And ladies looking for prom dresses, I HIGHLY suggest looking into their collection of dresses.
Thank you ladies for your help in trying to find me the perfect dress.
I really appreciate it!

Cute boutique!
I had not made an appointment and called the day of to see if I could come look and possibly try on some dresses.
The girl on the phone was very sweet and told me they would be happy to help.
The boutique itself is fairly large and well decorated.
The little clips they give you to mark dresses you like we're so cute!
Also nice that they provide you with a nude Spanx slip to wear while trying on in case you are uncomfortable being exposed while the saleswoman helps you into the dress.
I only detract one star because the selection was a bit limited.
Lots of really pretty dresses but they were all very similar.
It seems like I've run into this problem at all boutiques tho.
:/ Overall a good experience at Uptown!

I had such a great experience at Uptown Bridal today!
I have been down with my venue going into foreclosure (Inspirador) and being out thousands of dollars, but today was just what I needed.
Ali was amazing- made me feel so comfortable and so sweet.
I found my dress and I actually was able to buy the sample gown that fit like a glove, and get % off!
They also were so sweet and the owner gave me a $100 credit toward any accessory in the store for my trouble with Inspirador.
I was able to walk out with my dress today and order the perfect veil.
I will also be back from bridesmaid dresses because of the amazing service and getting 10% off for my girls since I purchased a dress.
Thank you Ali and team!

This is the best bridal store in the Valley.
I bought my wedding dress, my bridesmaids' dresses, the MOB and MOG dresses AND my jewelry here.
I cant say enough about how wonderful this shop is.
I had the most amazing experience with Uptown Bridal!
I would absolutely recommend this store!

Went with my sister to look at dresses here and had the most wonderful experience with Ali.
My sis found the dress she loved and when we hit a snag with the ordering process, they quickly had other suggestions and my sister ended up with a dress that she loved even more.
Absolutely gorgeous shop and fabulous service.
Thank you!

I loved this boutique!
From the minute we walked in to the minute we walked out, I and my entourage felt very welcomed!
My salesgirl Jenny was phenomenal and happened to find exactly what I wanted and more.
She gave me her undivided attention and I felt like I could express myself and take my time.
The selection isn't as big as some places, but they carry some pretty big designers and have more unique styles.
This boutique is definitely worth coming and checking out!
All in all, Jenny found a dress that I didn't care for on the hanger, but ended up trying on and absolutely falling in love with it!
Can't wait to get my dress :)

I had been to many dress shops before going here and had been starting to doubt that I would find the perfect dress.
When I tried one on here I knew once I put it on that it was what I was looking for.
The clips they give you to mark the dresses you want to try on are adorable and the people are so nice!
My cousin just got engaged and I will definitely take her here!
The selection may not be super large but all the dresses are very beautiful and I felt they were better quality than what some of the other places were selling.

Uptown bridal boutique is a must go to for bridal gowns.
They have the most amazing staff and beyond excellent customer service.
Sheila was very sweet and felt like a long time friend.
I highly recommend this shop to anyone and everyone looking for that perfect dress with warm friendly outstanding customer service.
The bride to be and I thank you for everything.

What a wonderful boutique!
I was visiting AZ over the holiday break from Chicago and my Mom and I made an appointment.
I couldn't imagine going dress shopping without my Mom and liked the idea of buying a dress from my hometown as the wedding is going to be in Chicago.
Uptown was my very first stop on my dress shopping journey and I came away with the best time and a magical experience.
Sheila was incredible and so helpful.
The shop is so cute and I appreciate her time and patience in finding a beautiful dress for my day.
There were so many choices in the silhouette that I was going for.
Sadly, in the end I didn't end up purchasing from the store but the dress was an extremely close second in the running.
A definite must to check out the store, it was like a dream.

Forgot to review uptown!
I loved my wedding dress, it was the first one I tried on and I knew immediately.
Only shop I needed to visit definitely recommend to any bride looking for a beautiful dress

One of the best customer service experiences I had during my search for a bridal gown.
The ladies there were super helpful and accommodating.
Same day appointments are available during the week but there is usually 1-2 week wait for a Saturday appointment.
The store carries Essence of Australia and Enzoani gowns.
They were all beautiful but the selections were limited (minus 1 star).

this place is fantastic!
i feel pretty guilty for not finding my dress here because everyone was so wonderful and accommodation.
the experience was fabulous for both myself and my family and friends that came along.
this boutique is gorgeous and offers a wide variety of unique dresses.
it is owned by a mother and daughters team and you can really see that they care about you and getting you in the right dress.
they start with a mini consultation to get an idea about what you are looking for as well as the look and feel of your wedding.
they also give you the opportunity to look at all the dresses and tag the ones that you want to try on.
your family and friends can get settled in a very cute viewing parlor area and get ready for the show while they also prep their changing rooms for you.
uptown is awesome in the fact that they give you a slip.
this helps for the modest girls that dont like to go around prancing around in their panties all day in front of strangers.
they are also awesome because they help you in and out of every dress and make you feel beautiful during the process.
they also are great at recommending dresses you thought would never look good on you but actually look terrific!
if you want a unique wedding dress in the valley, i suggest uptown.
amazing customer service experience and amazing dresses!

I don't think I can ever say enough about Uptown Bridal.
I had the most amazing experience, one that my mom and I will always remember!
I fell in love with the boutique and the women who work there.
I had only been to one store before and it wasn't the best experience.
My view was completely different the second I walked into Uptown!
I ended up with the first dress I tried on at Uptown.
I am so happy I found Uptown and that they are a part of my big day.
Thank you!

My mom and I decided to visit Uptown Bridal in search for the dress of my dreams.
Unfortunately, my 15 month old niece had to come along due to circumstances.
We walked into the boutique and were instantly told that NO strollers were allowed.
We ended up leaving it at the front of the store and browsing through dresses which looked to be of cheap quality.
Overall, it was a very unpleasant experience.
The service and dress selection were subpar.
We felt like unwelcomed guests and I ended up taking my business elsewhere.
I would NOT recommend this boutique to any future brides.

