This should be about a 3-1/2 stars.
It's a small chain, no frills, but it wasn't too bad.
I had the chicken chipotle and the chicken mole gorditas with rice and beans.
The chicken mole sauce tastes exactly like what I make when I am willing to spend the time to make it--and that rates 5 stars.
The chicken chipotle was a bit greasy, but not overwhelmingly so.
The beans and rice were ordinary, as were the salsa bar offerings.

What Lisa said.
It''s not too bad.
Two gorditas rice, beans and a soda ran me $8.65.
I had the chicken in mole and chorizo with potatoes.
Both were a little greasy.
Salsa bar was a little weak but I can deal.
Girl at he counter had to work a little with my english but the order came out right.
Floor was prticularly dirty although I went in late, maybe it would look better in the morning.
Overall I'd go back if I were near there but I won't be making any speacial trips.

I thought this place was delicious.
I ordered a guarache.
i wished I had ordered different  meat = instead of the carne asada.
I'd def.order the guarache again!
My bf ordered 3 gorditas.
oh my goodness.
each one better than the next.
He had chicken in mole, and 2 others that i cant remember but we really wanted to order the nopales one but we were too full to even try it.

Las Gorditas is a great spot for some quick, authentic mexican food.
Their signature item is their gorditas, which are like doughy tortillas that are stuffed with different stews, meats, and condiments.
My favorite is the Chicken with mole, the pork with adobo, pork with green chile, and the chicken with green chile.
The restaurant has a small bar with condiments such as marinated onions, jalapenos, salsas, and sour cream.
All of these condiments go great with the gorditas.
The gorditas are around $2.50 each, but are definitely worth it.
The other great item on their menu is their Carne Asada and Cactus Quesadilla.
The cactus is roasted and stuffed into a fresh tortilla with cheese and freshly grilled carne asada.
I would highly suggest trying Las Gorditas!

We used to go to this place when they had a location on Decatur/Sahara but it closed so we schleped to the East side.
Up: Tasty little pockets of goodness.
I love the pork carnitas in green sauce and my son is dreaming of the carne asada even as I write this.
Downside (and the reason for only 3 stars):  Not one person there would admit to speaking English.
This presented a real problem when we first called to find out their hours and when placing a to-go order.
We each had 1 gordita while at the place and got a fairly hefty order to go so we could bring it home to the rest of the family.
The entire order was wrong.
We salvaged what we could from it but it was too far across town to return it.
Our conclusion is that we will eat in but never take anything home.

Ummm... gorditas....
I approve :) Salsas - are an OK. Shredded cabbage was a nice compliment to a meal.
P.S.
People...
I know it's America but after so many years living in LV I have no trouble ordering food in Spanish.
Just accept the fact that not everyone does speak English and get a couple of Spanish food ordering lessons.
Don't diss the place just because of that.

All I can say is YUMMY!
I have never had such amazing authentic food before.
Thank  you...

i ordered a pastor burrito w/ chips and salsa.
ok, here we go.
when i ordered the burrito, the person taking my order asked "with everything?
" and i said "yes, please" because i like everything with everything.
all that came in there was pastor, rice and refried beans.
no onions, cilantro, salsa or anything.
now, i know every place does their food different, duh, that's why i like trying new places all the time but in my opinion, this burrito was missing a lot.
it consisted of mostly beans, and they weren't good all.
i think they could have taken a lot of those beans out of there and put in one more ingredient.
also, this was the saltiest food i have ever eaten, ever.
i couldn't tell if it was coming from the beans or the meat, which means it was probably both.
i think the salsa might have been really salty too but it was hard to tell, since i was putting it on chips as well as the saltiest food of all time.
oh yeah, chips were stale.
i'm bummed because i was told this place was good by a couple of different people.
i don't know them very well but i know i can't trust their taste in food now.

We found this place en route to the Cuban Cafe, but upon discovery that the CC was going to cost an arm and a leg, apiece, we opted for more pocket friendly lunch here.
The place seems spartan, but not antiseptic.
I liked the fact that the staff was running around wearing yellow tops and black bottoms, because they reminded me of humming little bees.
We didn't get much reception from the worker bees buzzing around, but the lady taking our order was friendly enough.
And she pointed out the samples of Gorditas and such to make sure I knew what I was getting into.
I may be a white boy, but this white boy has ordered enough Mexican fare to be able to pronounce anything on the menu without pointing.
Between us, we got the tres Gorditas, and the Guarache Carne Asada.
I have to say the Gorditas are the better choice.
You can pick any three, but a word to the wise, the chicken, especially when stuffed with cole slaw was tender, and amazingly filling.
The Carne Asada was about average.
I liked the Salsa bar.
Not too many choices, not too little.
Nice heat on the salsa as well.
One thing I've noticed over the years is how Mexican fare has some of the sweetest drinks to go with some of the hottest fare.
I had the Hibiscus drink and it was like a liquid sweet tart.
No wonder I laid the salsa on thick.
I needed to combat the hyper sweetness at all costs.
This was filling fare.
I would definitely go back and stuff myself with the chicken Gorditas if I find myself in the area.
So Viv Las Gorditas.

I thought I would stop by here for lunch because I have never had a Gordita before.
Well... actually...
I have never eaten a gordita... ohh wait a minute.
Ok - I have never had a gordita at lunch time.... uhhh.
How do I put this??
I have never had the food product known as a gordita!
It is your basic quick serve Mexican style restaurant, but it has different menu options like Gorditas.
A gordita is similar to a pupusa, a thick corn tortilla stuffed with meat.
I ahd the chicharone, pork, and chicken mole.
The tortilla part is not very big, but it is stuffed generously.
The pork and the mole had a lot of flavor.
The chicharone was a little plain.
There is a salsa bar with a few options.
Everything tasted better than your average quick serve place, overall it was really good food.
The place is nothing fancy but it is a good place for quick cheap eats!

it's been a few years since I wrote my original review so i thought I'd update it.
We go about 1 every 2 or 3 moths since its it a schelp to East side of Vegas for us.
We went yesterday and got our order to go to watch the "big game" 25 gorditas and each one was done consistently and close to perfect.
My fave is still the chili verde one but i like the carne asada one as well.
We might have to make this monthly instead of quarterly.
and props that my Spanish ordering skills have improved & they have actually haired people who are bi-lingual.

We always eat here when we're in Vegas (2-3 times a year).
I love the beans with cheese and the mole gorditas.
My husband likes the tinga, chicken, and the mole gorditas.
I'd order the tinga too but it has onions and I don't like onions, but the flavor is good.

A friend suggested this place and I was actually very impressed.
This place is a little outside the box.
I really enjoyed the bean and cheese as well as the potato gorditas.
The service was alright and they were not very patient with a new comer but it was fast and able to be taken to go.
Ill return to las gorditas soon.

I always drive by Las Gorditas but I had never bothered to stop.
I have had penguinos raspados elsewhere (washtington and pecos had a penguinos shop a while ago).
Going in i knew they would have gorditas on the menu but i was impressed when i saw Huaraches on the menu.
My wife ordered every chicken gordita and they were all great.
I ordered the Huarache and the only thing that was bad was that the meat was a bit tough on the edges but otherwise the Huarache was delicious.
We also ordered an elote en vaso and a raspado de mango y nuez.
The "elote en vaso" Is corn in a cup with mayo butter chilli powder and cheese.
If you have ever bought a corn from the man with the shopping cart its basically the same thing except in a cup.
The "raspado" is shaved ice with the flavors that i got where mango and nuts.
The flavoring is not ike your normal shaved ice flavoring though its a syrup with fresh mango pieces mix in it same thing for the nuts.
Then they top it off with condensed milk not alot of people like it but I LOVE IT.
I would highly recommend the Raspados on hot days to cool you off.

Carne asada gorditas are the best!!!
Best gorditas in town.
Try their Horchata too.

I live in AZ and every time that I visit Vegas Gorditas is a must!
The Gorditas are absolutely AMAZING!
Being from the East Coast and growing up on DR, PR, and Cuban foods I've developed a taste for Flan.
Las Gorditas has THEE BEST flan that I've ever had on the Southwest/West Coast.
If you decide to visit try the Mole Gordita and the Flan.
Let me know what you think!

Are you kidding me?
ONE gordita for 4 dollars?!
That is absolutely insane.
In Mexico I'm used to buying them for 1-2 dollars.
And they have a ton of meat and filling.
These are not bad but I can't believe they are this expensive.
My mom makes gorditas all the time and she spends less than 10 dollars for about 13 gorditas with a ton of meat filling.
That is way overpriced.
It cannot take more than 2 dollars for them to make one.
Probably even less.
The actual gorditas were pretty good but no way am I paying 4 dollars for one.
I can't believe people are actually paying that much for one.
I can't forget to say I got a raspado (shaved ice) for about 6 dollars!
why is this place so insanely expensive?!
It was actually really good but 6 dollars?!
That probably costs them 2 dollars to make.
I couldn't believe they were charging 6 dollars for one raspado.
The raspado was more than a venti drink at Starbucks and everyone is always complaining how expensive that it.

I did not find the gorditas that fascinating.
But later I found out that every gordita in different regions of Mexico are made differently, so then I got it.
The meat is super good and smooth.
But I believe that meat will go even better on their Guaraches, tacos, or sopes.
I don't think on there gorditas it was all that great.
I ordered the two gordita plate.
I loved the plates and the salsa!
How often do you do somewhere and find the plates where they are serving the food to be great?
I had a chipotle and a chicen one.
They were both good.
Oh yes Su N. the Gorditas are $3.50!
Not four bucks.
Either way if they were 4 bucks you won't find them cheap anywhere else, so live with it.
Why go to a restaurant and complain about making them yourself for then?
Kinda very missing the point of going out and tasting other peoples ways of making food right?
The gorditas Ive' ate in the past are estillo Michoacan so thats why I was so taken back when I got these.
I just didn't know.
The seating was pretty cool and it was clean inside.
All in all whenever you pass by this place, to me, you always imagined it all nasty and dirty inside, but quite the opposite.
OH yes they open at 10AM on Sundays and the rest of the days too.

The food was exceptional expect the meat was a bit spicy for me since I dislike chile.

