VIP Grooming is the best at what they do because the owner Tonya is so dedicated to her work.
She is a real animal lover and has a beautiful heart.
I love dogs!
I have 3 now and two of them are rescue dogs.
I know that they are getting the best of care at VIP.
Thank you Tonya and staff!
Bob M

My dogs just love it here and Tanya knows how to handle the dogs.
What was so shocking,Petsmart,Petco, The Stock shop would always put a muzzle and grooming loop and the dogs would choke.
The grooming loop   severely damage their tracheas.
Now they sound like they have kennel cough..which is not, according to the vet.
If i knew about Tanya earlier the dogs would not had suffer with the grooming loop at Petsmart,Petco or The Stock Shop..  Go that extra distance in travel and the time and she is very reasonable.
But, note of warning..she is book up, so plan a month in advance.

I love ths place and my dog loves it too!

I just took my cat in who desperately needed a grooming!
They did a wonderful job!
The place was friendly and courteous...They were so sweet with the animals that I saw there and my own cat.
He is clean and well groomed!

My cat, mz pickles, looked absolutely great!
I'm so glad to have found these groomers.
Dale

We have taken our pets here for years.
They do an awesome job.
I have an ancient poodle who is mostly blind and deaf.
Colleen is so kind to him and gets him groomed as soon as possible so he doesn't get confused away from home.
I would never take them anywhere else in AZ.
I moved out of state for a few years and was forced to go somewhere else.
I couldn't find any groomer that did as good of a job.
Glad to be back to AZ so my dogs can get a fabulous haircut.

HORRIBLE HORRIBLE PLACE!
NEVER would bring my dogs back.
they OVER book and make dogs wait HOURS .... they say 4hours come back and have not even been WASHED it.
dogs came out crappy!!
BAD BAD BAD PLACE

I'm really surprised with the one star review.
We lovehis place!
The always do a wonderful job with our Maltipoo, Zeus.
We recently moved to area and tried out many local grommers, VIP is by far the best!
The do an amazing job and have good prices.
Thanks VIP!

