The delicious meats, spreads and other concoctions are worth the trip.
The decor, the lighting, the location, not so much, but I put food over decor 9/10 times.
The restaurant that was in this location before left such a bad impression in my mind that I wanted to try this new one quickly.
I'm really glad I did.
We went here for a quick bite and wound up having a feast.
Their menu is ambitious, many types of Middle Eastern and Greek influenced preparation styles, each achieved with great success.
The menu features everything east Mediterranean from lamb chops to kibbee to grape leaves to kafta.
The prices are a bit high, but when you look at what you get, it really is a good deal.
The owner was happy to beam about the fact that everything is brand new, everything is made in house and under his watch.
We had the platter for 2.
Now, I'm cheap and a grad student so $25 is a good chunk for a weekday dinner for me, but man was this a bargin.
1 of each: beef kabob, chicken kabob, chicken kafta, beef kafta, hummus plate, salad.
Huge stack of pita, 2 falafel and 2 beef kibbee.
Everything was excellent.
The kabobs were excellently grilled, the falafel was crispy on the outside, fresh and moist on the inside.
The sauces that came with (garlic, tdaziki and tahini) were all great for everything on the plates.
The decor needs a lady's touch and I really hope they spend a little cash in there to fix it up.
The location is prime for selling $5 gyro sandwiches til the cows come home (or at least til the lambs do), but if they want their excellent menu to keep the customers coming back they should fix the lighting and decor.
The old place was like a prison cafeteria, food included.
Out with the old!
I'll be going back for a sandwich for sure.
And with the combo for 2 coupon for $22 they gave us, we might be seeing the huge boxes of leftovers in our fridge again soon.

I'm sorry, Tasty Kabob, you are no longer by go-to venue for meat on a stick.
The kafta and kibbee are the best I've ever had, super savory and perfectly spiced.
Chicken is - rarity of rarities - tender and juicy while at the same time well-seasoned and seared on the outside.
Hummus had great flavor, although I will take Pita Jungle's any day for texture/consistency.
An all around fabulous meal for the money.
And a huge amount of it!
If they hadn't let a color-blind kindergartner do the interior design (cartoon flames!?
) it would be a near-perfect skewered-beast experience.

Food was good but I can't say I was terribly impressed overall.
The food kind of took a ridiculously long time even when only one other table was in the restaurant.
The appetizers came out fifteen minutes after our main meals - we had figured they forgot about it.
Tastewise, things were decent but not quite memorable.
I had a chicken shawarma and the whole ordeal was filling but a bit on the bland side.

I went to Flaming Kabob for the 2nd time today.
The first time was around  10pm and today was at 1pm.
Both times I got the shwarma plate.
At dinner it is $15 it comes with shwarma meat, rice or fries and soup or salad.
From 11-3pm it cost $10 with a little smaller portion.
They do have some cheaper stuff if you get the sandwich version instead of the the plate.
The meat seemed different both times I went.
It's nothing to call home about but it hits the  spot especially having the soup or salad first.
Today the food seemed kind of old, the meat were smaller pieces and more dry then when I first went and the  bread was kind of hard.
I'm not a picky eater so I'm not hating on it.
Overall It's a good place.
I would go back.
It's halal  and  that is hard to come by sometimes so alhamdulillah.

I was starving so I gave in and decided to check this place out.
Small place, nothing special inside (which really does not bother me) but good service.
The hummus was very good and the pita bread tasted very fresh.
They do have a very large menu and prices are very decent as well considering the large portions.
My entree was meh- like I said I was starving so it did the job.
No alcoholic beverages of any sort.
Entree did come with either soup or salad (large salad) and either rice or fries.
Had the rice and salad which were both alright.
I did leave with leftovers but couldn't tell you if it was because i was just too full or my taste buds just weren't really diggin' what I was throwing in there.
Heard about it, tried it, don't have it down in my datebook as of now to head back.

This is one of those place where you drive by, and you see a catchy sign that says something ridiculous like "$5 lunch" and you say, "Sure...why the hell not!
"  One day, I was driving by and I literally said..."Sure...why the hell not!
" I needed lunch, was a little tight on cash, so I popped in for a quick lunch, and much to my surprise, I was treated to a perfect Gyro lunch for five bucks.
The food was great.
Nothing was stale, or old.
The pita was fluffy and delicious.
The lettuce was fresh and crisp.
The meat was juicy and tasty...it made you feel like you were in the middle of a bazaar in Turkey, Armenia or Lebanon.
So delicious.
The guy that ran the joint was pretty cool too!
He'll make small talk with you, and he is passionate about his restaurant.
I dig.
The bathroom was relatively clean too.
Also, you can bring your picky-eater friends here.
There is something for everyone.
Chicken.
Beef.
Seafood.
Vegetarian.
Even your supermodel friends who just want to sit outside and smoke and drink Evians.

I can't  say enough about Flaming Kabob, both the Tempe and Mesa locations.
The food is always fresh and good quality.
The portions are large.
My favorite is the chicken kafta, which is a well seasoned ground chicken kabob.
Both the sandwich and the platter are great!
I get the rice as a side and love how moist and flavorful it is, especially with the almonds and raisins.
The service is always friendly and polite.
The owner is always present at one of the locations and greats everyone with a smile and friendly hello.
Give this place a try, you won't regret it!

The only time I've actually been here I didn't get anything.
But then I came to find out that they had catered some food for an occasion.
I'll be straight with you.
Their 'flaming kabob' or whatever is amazing.
Seriously, its a visual piece of art.
I aspire to have sear marks like they do on their kabobs when I grill.
I'm not kidding each kabob is visually appealing, has perfect sear marks, and looks like a clone of its brother.
They also taste very good, perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of spices.
However, for some reason every time I get to try their kabobs, they tend to be a little dry.
This could be due to the fact that I always get their kabobs when it is catered at some event.
I won't take off too many points for that, but I can't state that the kabob is perfect for the same exact reason.
The rice and hummus is pretty good as well.
I'm not really into ride personally, but their yellow raisin rice is quite fantastic.
When you couple it all with some hummus, everything sticks together well to complete the meal.
I'd say its well worth a try.
Since I have been there once, but eaten the food many times, I will note that the place lacks decent decorations and has average service.
That shouldn't take away too much from the experience though.

Everything here is delicious.
How do I know?
I always split the dinner for two combo which has an incredible amount of food, and a huge variety of their offerings.
We always take 2 boxes full home in leftover.
Everything in that platter is delicious.
Their meats are incredibly juicy.
Their kibbee (king of like a hush puppy with moist ground beef inside) in incredible.
Their kafta is so moist and flavorful.
The salad has a simple but delicious oil & vinegar dressing with some herbs in it.
The rice has raisins and cashews which is unique too.
The food could easily feed 3, maybe 4.
Very friendly staff, good service and good food are all I need.
This is another one of the very tasty Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe and it is just as good as the other well known ones in the area.

Sooo good!
I'd like to come here every time I visit family.
I loved the salad and the pita bread is so fresh.
I ordered the Chicken Gallaya which was amazing.
The waiter liked to joke around with the cooks so that was fairly entertaining to watch.
This place has made me excited to try more mid eastern food I can't wait to go back.

My boyfriend and I got the falafel sandwiches with fries for dinner.
I was not a fan of the fries, but it was the best falafel sandwich I have had in the States!
The owner came out while we were eating and told us about the history of the restaurant.
It was great fun and really cool to chat with him.
When you go be sure to get the whole story for yourself!

A-OK. That's the description for 3 stars.
It was a solid place, good food, but I can't say it was my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant or had the best chicken shawarma I've ever had.
The prices were great, and the hummus was delicious, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
It was conveniently located across the street from the Improv where we were going to see some comedians.
That's probably what I appreciated most about Flaming Kabob.

Flaming Kabob in three words: yum and cheep.
I have eaten here several times since moving to Tempe, and I'm a fan.
Their food is tasty, quick, made-to-order, and inexpensive.
Plus, they have GREAT hours!
I'd like it if they'd go a bit easier on the tzatziki on their gyros, but it's no deal breaker.

I'm doing something I don't usually do, but I'm changing my rating from four to five stars.
I've been here at least a dozen times since I first wrote my review, and I started thinking to myself "there's got to be a reason I keep coming back so often..."  The reason is simple.
The food is fresh, fast, and delicious.
The portions are good, and the spices and ingredients are perfect for the dishes they serve.
The prices are also killer: six bucks for a sandwich, fries, and drink, or six bucks for two sandwiches.
You can't beat that.
For a quick casual meal, this is a great option.
There are other places closer to my house, but I still drive the extra five minutes to come here.
The food is great, healthy, and very satisfying.

I thought this place was very good and considering we WERE going to go to the Persian Room, that's saying allot!
There was only one waiter for the place and he was not the most pleasant, but he was quick responsive.
Just wish he would have written the cost of the sodas on the tab.
Nit-picking aside, this place was great, my boyfriend and i shared a combo plate and were both pretty full afterward.
I would definitely go back.

We recently called from the office for delivery from Flaming Kabob... and that was a flaming mistake.
The pitas were pita-ful, the 'fresh' juices a watery mess, and the fries were actually melted into their plastic container.
I have no experience of eating inside the restaurant and am unlikely to do so after this disaster.

Super nice amazing place.. Unbeatable taste of Mediterranean food  I went to four different kabob resturants in Tempe and Mesa and i got an idea that kabob restaurants are all the same..
Same kind of food with slight differences in spices, quantity or may be the service But when I went to the Flaming Kabob at Mesa location it was absolutly different.. the place is really awesome and the Combo plate was amazing specially the falafel and the rice.
The lintel soup was really tastey..
Very good and quick service.
I insist to meet the chef to tell my opinion and she was really nice and chearfull lady Flamming Kabob will be my restaurant every time I have to come to Pheonix

We've only been in PHX a few years and my wife and I really love Mediterranean style food.
We've tried a few places around town and have been looking for a place in East Valley that has good Med food at reasonable prices.
You can tell this family bought an old chromed out diner restaurant.
Doesn't look Middle Eastern in the least but the food was good.
$5 for a Chicken Shawarma?
Nice!.
And a big plate of delicious rice for only about $6.
I took my wife and 2 college age boys there and we enjoyed it.
The tables didn't look real clean though and that was a bit of a turn-off.
That's something they need to focus on.
But our utensils seemed clean and of course our sandwiches were mostly eaten right from the wrapper.
Hopefully they'll make some cosmetic adjustments.
We'll be back again.

The food is excellent, of that there is no doubt, but the service recently has completely gone down the drain.
When we ordered from them we were told thirty minute delivery time - it took an hour.
We ordered three gyros and more and only half the order was delivered.
When we called to make this matter known we were met with a rude manager that could barely be bothered to fix the service issue.
It's been an hour and a half since the original order was placed and we are STILL waiting for our food.
Food that was paid for in full.
Absolutely terrible customer service.

Nothing fancy, but the food was good and inexpensive for this type of thing.
The counter guy was pretty new, learning the job, but he did a decent job.
It took a little while for the food to come, but you expect that for the type of food.
There were three of us so we tried a pretty good assortment of food, and everyone was pleased.
I'm usually more long winded than this, but what else is there to say?
Not a place to take a date, but good, inexpensive, Mediterranean food.

got the lunch special.
nothing special about it.
pita and french fries were store bought.
I asked for no onions and guess what I got.
would not go there again.

Went in here on Thanksgiving night and props for the place being open.
Tried the Chicken Gallaya, which came on Tin foil inside the box, along with some excellent rice that was studded with raisins and nuts.
The Gallaya was in a brownish sauce with a bunch of mushrooms, green peppers, some onion and nice big chicken chunks.
Also got the Greek salad on the side, which is kind of small and they forgot the dressing, but there was at least was some feta cheese.
A small side of lemon chicken rice soup tasted burnt and pita bread was average.
Probably should have just got a gyro, but meal was decent, if not slightly over priced at $15.

I like the half chicken meal.
Good service.
Good food.

Gyro sandwich and mint salad rock.

You can't go wrong with the $10 Chicken Kabob meal.
I love the rice and the mint salad.
The chicken is done just right and always tastes good.

I do like other med places around the valley a lot more, but I don't have anything to complain about here (well technically I do...)   My Sis and I stopped in for take out the other night.
I ordered the chicken schawarma and asked to have soup and salad, because I did not want rice or fries (I wanted the rice, but was avoiding more grains in the day) They accommodated me, so I appreciated that a lot.
I also ordered the cobra juice (carrot, beet, apple, carrot, radish) and it was amazing.
I could hear the juicer in the back fresh prepping and the juice tasted like everything was very very fresh.
My Sis ordered a gyro meal and hummus.
When we got home, we saw the did not give me the soup or the taziki asked for, so we had to go back, but they were apologetic and that is all I care about really.
Finally I got to eat, I was happy about the very fresh veggies in the salad.
My complaint would be that there was very little flavor in any of the food.
The chicken was bland, the garlic sauce helped and taziki for the salad, because there was no salad dressing.
I tasted my Sister's gyro and it was very good, the hummus was good, again not the best, but good.
Overall, the amazing juice, fresh veggies and yummy taziki helped me enjoy the meal, so I was happy to have an ok and very healthy dinner.

The gyros are okay, just okay.
Way overpriced but real quick on deliveries which is a plus.

way too expensive!
$27 for the worst dolmades i've had and 1 entree that was ok(edible) best part is when they called to get directions,i was reminded it was $27 plus tip!

The food tastes pretty good, however, the service is what makes this place a '1 star' for me.
Both times I have gone there the server has gotten my order wrong and has tried to make it seem like it is my fault.
For example: the first time I went there, I asked for a grape leave pita sandwich and he brought me a tabouli sandwich.
I told him that  that was not what I ordered and he said that that was what I told him but he would get me the grape leave sandwich anyways.
I went back there again tonight for take out and told the server  that I wanted the daily special with a grape leave sandwich and a side salad, a side of rice, and a yogurt drink.
He asked me if I wanted a side of pita and I said yes.
When I got home, I opened my food up and all I got was a large side salad, large side of rice, pitas, and a yogurt drink.
I called Flaming Kabob and told them what happened and the server said that he didn't charge me for a sandwich and that he charged me for what I got.
I really don't understand how he thought that I ordered a large side salad when I clearly said that I wanted the Daily Special which was written on the board by the cash register and it said that you get a pita sandwich and a side.
I also checked the pricing for what I was 'supposedly' charged for and it did not add up.
I even gave him a dollar tip... which I wish I could take back now.
**Also, the side salad was horrible.
It says on their menu that a side salad includes lettuce, cabbage, cucumbers, tomatoes, and dressing.
The side salad that I got had mostly lettuce, a few tomatoes, and couple pieces of cabbage, and no cucumbers.

Great shawarma and great staff!!
However, the number of the staff is low so you will to wait for minutes, but worth it!

Had to listen to the server and two customers talk about how they dislike America and that there own countries are much better.
Once they started bashing the US military we couldn't take it and left after displaying our military IDs when paying.
Food was okay.

I'll start with the not-so-bad: the food was fine.
I shared the shawarma and gyro - they weren't spectacular, or great, but fine.
But if you really want to try the food, I'd recommend takeout or delivery, since the service and environment really ruined the experience for me.
We went on a warmer night, and the dining room wasn't noticeably air conditioned.
They had the door propped open, but it was still pretty warm inside.
We were the only ones in the restaurant, but the food didn't come particularly quickly (maybe they were working on takeout orders as well?).
We'd only had our food for a couple of minutes when our meal was interrupted by a pretty big moth, which had flown in through the open door.
Our server started swatting at the moth with a rag, hitting the fans when it flew toward the light bulbs.
As he swatted the fans, we could literally see dust falling from the fan blades.
This went on for maybe 5 minutes, during which he stood on chairs and tables, and we stood outside and waited.
Eventually he killed the moth, apologized briefly, and we didn't see him again until he brought the check.
Frankly, it was hard to think about the food after that, and I wouldn't have been surprised if our meal had been complimentary.
Obviously, some aspects of the meal were anomalies, but some of them were pretty alarming regardless - things like falling dust, standing on tables, and rags being used for... well... not cleaning.
Unfortunately, the food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience.
I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.

Love this place!
Eating there isn't the greatest, customer service isn't always great, but the food is amazing!
From kabobs to falafels, you can't go wrong.
We like to order the combo for two, which is really more appropriate for 3-4 people and it's cheap too.
They give you SOOOO much food for what you pay when you get the combo.
The chicken kabobs are another favorite of mine.
The meal comes with yellow rice too & I love me some yellow rice!
The delivery driver is super nice and they deliver late.
Try it out!

I love this place, well flavored and cooked food

The food was fine .
I went to this restaurant several times but last time Was very bad because the server does not know how to deal good with costumers

I love this place.
Iv been eating the food here for the last 5 years it's been open and it hands down beats the local Mideast food.
Yeah the service when you sit down in lack luster..
It's bad let's just a say it.
But the food is very authentic and the owner very personable.
I'd suggest calling in an order and bringing it home.
But at least try the food!

Myself and my boyfriend both ordered gyros and they were amazing.
The lamb was tender and the tzatziki sauce perfect.
Was full after just one gyro, no appetizers etc needed.
Psst...Also they run a daily special now that is buy one gyro get one gyro free!
Ended up taking some hummus and pita bread to go and that was our dinner!
Very filling.

I would give negative stars if I could!!!
I ordered my food with NO NUTS because of my allergy!
Not only did they put nuts in my food the manager showed up and tried to blame me for it!!!
Terrible!
And now I'm breaking out in hives!

The food here is very good.
I've gotten take out and eaten in the restaurant and both experiences have been enjoyable.
The service in the restaurant is great.
I have no idea what the people are talking about when they say the servers are bad.
Ours was very kind and had lots of conversation with my boyfriend and me.
He also gave us some extra food to try some stuff out!
We have gotten the dinner for two both times and it has been more than enough food, especially for the price.
It looks kind of like a dump from the outside, but the food is actually really good!
For the take out food we called and they said it would only take about 20 minutes to cook our food.
My boyfriend showed up 20 minutes later and our food was ready to go.
It was all wrapped up and warm.
There was no problems at all and we had just as much food, is not more, than when we dined in.

Had dinner here one Saturday evening before going to a show at the Improv.
It is a dive-y little place, which is fine with me, just know what to expect.
Service was a little slow considering there were 3-4 parties dining.
I had the gyro plate with fries and my friend had a platter with lentil soup.
She seemed to enjoy it, my meal was good though not the greatest gyro I've ever had.
Probably won't return

Food was excellent very fresh and hit when served.
The kabobs are excellent and and not filed with more vegetables than meat like other places.
The tra tastes like it Yes fresh brewed.

DON'T EAT HERE!
The food isn't very great, tiny portions and the "waiter" forces what he thinks he should be tipped on to your check all on his own.
This place sucks.
While the food was simply OK, the portion was as small as they could make it.
The service on the other hand was GARBAGE!!!
We walked in and the waiter or buss boy or whatever he was just stood there telling us about food while we waited for him to show us a table.
So I ended up sitting down on my own and he followed me.
He forgot my friends order or fry's TWICE, he didn't check on our drinks once and to top it off he added a 15% tip to the check on his own?
Never had that happen before at a fast food restaurant with a party of 3 people.
I will never eat here again, this place SUCKS!

