I have been going to Prestige for my pedicures for quite some time now, and every visit has been great!
The staff is very friendly and accommodating, and they have tons of nail polishes to choose from.
The salon is very clean and taken care of, and I love how bright and happy it is in there!
There has never been a wait, so we get seated right away.
Also, all of my pedicures have lasted much longer than any other one I have gotten.

Worst nail salon I've ever been to!
Though clean, the service was horrible.
The nail tech actually sprayed the cleaner while my feet were above it.
She took two calls on her cell phone while working on me and both were not short convos.
She was completely rude to me and my friend.
Do not go here if you're expecting any quality or decent customer service

They have a good selection of gels which is what drew me in.
The price is just decent- it wasn't cheap but it didn't break the bank.

Ok...the chair for my pedicure didn't slide back enough ...I have long legs and my knees were in my chest.
A typical pedi is about 45 minutes...not here...she was almost done 20 minutes in.
Just a disappointment when I look forward to the 45 minutes.
The place was clean and plesant...just wanted more!
Great if you don't have a lot of time...but not if you want to relax.

The Staff is super friendly and are always willing to get me in.
The pedicure I received last visit was wonderful, super massage!
Very clean & lots of choices.
Love that they are open on Sunday!

Horrible customer service experience.
I called ahead of time and asked about a coupon I received.
When I arrived and at checkout it was a different story.
Shady customer business the girl tried to keep coming up with excuses on why she wouldn't take their money mailer coupon then said they charge $5 for trimming down my nails.
The nails themselves are okay, the gel doesn't look great though and has tons of bubbles.
Either way we won't be back, I think there are better quality businesses in the local area to support then their lack of business ethics here.
Avoid them at all costs, go elsewhere!!

They have always been very friendly and accommodating.
Very clean and all new chairs.
I am 5'9 and the chairs fit me perfectly.
Great value and service.
Large selection of services and products.

I thought the pricing was on par with every other place in the area.
I loved the chairs.
My gel mani was awesome- she even massaged my shoulders while my polish dried.
My pedi was just as great!
I thought the staff was super friendly.
I also had a coupon- and they had no problem with it (like the other review I read)

Gave this place 2 chances- horrible.
The first time the last filed my nails so thin they didn't recover for weeks.
The second time the lady who did my nails was in such a hurry she got polish on my skin and left weird black specks in my nails.
I asked her to fix it and she told me to come back later.
Ummmm no.
Two chances too many!

