Car won't start.
Crap.
Praying it's just the battery and not something more serious.
Wait for DH to get back home so he can jump start me.
I make it to the nearest auto shop, Auto Zone.
Anita is the one in the store helping everyone and their mother, cousin and great-uncle.
Seriously, the woman had a store full of people but managed to acknowledge everyone and guide them in the right direction or start to look up whatever they needed.
In my case, she grabs a battery tester as well as another customer's windshield wipers (which she will be installing for the guy!
) and asks us both to follow her out the door.
She tests my battery and confirms that it does in fact need to be replaced (phew!).
As we head back into the store, she comments that she noticed the battery is a Checker Auto battery and do I know if there's still a warranty on it.
Huh?
No clue.
She proceeds by calling the Checker across the street and asking them to look me up in their system.
After much searching they finally find me in the CA database as I apparently bought the battery in San Diego (huh?
still no recollection, but ok).
She hangs up and tells me that if I go across the street to get my battery they will give me a prorated rebate on the old battery.
That prorated rebate - ALMOST 50 BUCKS!
So THANK YOU ANITA!
Thank you for going way above and beyond the level of service I would expect at an auto shop, and thank you for saving me so much money.
I will certainly be back to give you my business in the future.

Great customer service at this location.
If you just need to run in for something simple like an oil change they're great to go to with fast checkout.

I've never encountered a problem where they didn't have a part in stock, the problem though, is that AZ parts are not always up to snuff compared to factory/OEM; then again, you're not paying factory/OEM prices...the choice is yours, Padawan.
For belts, hoses, fuses, brake pads/shoes, the AZ stuff is fine; when it comes to what I would call major items like alternators, starters, I think you're better spending a bit extra and going with factory/OEM.
The help at this store varies from great to mediocre; I've had some great help diagnosing an electrical problem or scanning for a code, to being ignored at the cash register while the 'help' is laughing and joking around at the parts counter.
Overall, when it's late at night and you NEED a part to get your car on the road, it's tough to beat AZ since they're everywhere and their warranties are basically honored without question (if you're really in a bind and your AZ doesn't have a part, ask them to check for the nearest AZ 'Hub' in your area, the Hub stores tend to carry more parts in stock and are usually open later as well).

