You know those little, hidden treasures that you find that are so close to where you work or live?
They make you both super excited and a little bit nervous because you know that they are going to test your ever wavering will power on a daily basis.
Well, Aloha Yogurt is that for me.
For months now I have been passing by the store front on my way the Big Fat Greek Express anticipating their opening, and finally it has arrived.
Monday was their first official day open, but I wanted to give them a couple of days to get acclimated before I went in being all judgmental and stuff.
Overall facts of Aloha Yogurt....locally owned and operated, open 7 days a week from 11a to 11p, make and take set up, offer 12 rotating flavor options and over 40 toppings, kid friendly, indoor and outdoor seating, and you pay by the ounce.
Although there are indeed 12 flavors to choose from, on this visit I only tested 4, and all of them were ubber yummy.
They offer the classics, the tarts, a couple low fat varieties, sorbets and customized flavors that include oatmeal cookie, cake batter, chocolate milkshake, and my absolute favorite krumb cake.
Soooo good that I am already planning the menu for my next visit!
This time I went with the oatmeal cookie, peanut butter swirl with captain crunch, mini Reeses pieces, and fudge sauce.
It was ridiculously yummy, and definitely left me wanting more.
I think next time, actually I know next time I will go for the crumb cake with cinnamon toast crunch and blueberries (hint, hint...If you are reading this Whit, just drop it off at Loveland Tuesday through Thursday between 10a and 7p, thanks).
Yum!
The only bad thing about locally owned, owner operated shops is that you can't sneak in twice in one day and hope that you will have someone else working that won't recognize you.
I guess I will have to wait for another day, but I will definitely be going back again and again!

We were on our way home from brunch when we spotted tons of girls mingling below the sign, Aloha Yogurt.
We've been craving Pinkberry for the longest time so we decided to give it a try.
First of all, the shop...it's a little dated and not so pleasant.
The space is tiny with no decorations of any sort.
It is a usual self-serve yogurt place with typical flavors to choose from.
We tried few flavors and most were just ok but I kinda liked the cappuccino flavor.
When we went in, the toppings were all gone since the girls we saw outside came in all at once.
Apparently, it was a varsity team of some sort with their coach stopping by for a treat.
We felt sorry for the girl at the register since it was obvious that she was totally overwhelmed.
*Yogurt = ok at best *Service = not so good when we went in but it was totally understandable.
She seemed very nice otherwise.
*Price = cheap...very :) *Location = I think they need to put up a more visible sign outside since we definitely would have missed it if it weren't for those girls.

The newest in a line of fro-yo shops around Tempe, Aloha Yogurt offers a decent enough experience to compete with some of the more popular places.
The offer a variety of yogurt to choose from and the girl working there gave us a few sample cups to try stuff out.
One quality that stood out was that their flavors actually tasted like their flavors.
The snickerdoodle tasted like snicherdoodle, the chocolate malt tasted like malt.
( the snozberries tasted like snozberries!
) At some of the other yogurt places (Yogurtland) all the flavors taste the same.
They offer pretty much the same toppings as most other places, maybe a few less.
Less sauces for sure - only chocolate and caramel.
But I got my mochi and cheesecake so I was satisfied.
They completely missed the mark on the style of the shop however.
The really bad mural on the wall does nothing for them.
And they don't have tables but instead a couple couches.
So if you're looking at atmosphere in your yogurt-going adventures you won't find it here.
But if you're just looking for a cup of yogurt in your neighborhood (and you live around there) Aloha Yogurt is a good option.

Aloha Yogurt is another reason that I am having a hard time moving from Tempe to Phoenix.
Everytime I turn around or have one little bit of doubt of staying, some new amazing place opens in Mill Towne Center.
Aloha is no exception.
After hearing about it from Loveland, I took a break from cleaning yesterday and walked there with a friend and her dog.
I was anticipating these flavors I was told about, which I believed were too good to be true.
I mean snickerdoodle is my favorite.
cookie.
ever.
but a yogurt flavor.. no way.
From the minute we arrived we were welcomed.
It was nice.
My friend's dog was given a bone to enjoy while he sat outside.
Definite bonus points there.
We were each given a couple cups to sample some flavors first.
I was pondering the base of my creation... snickerdoodle or pineapple.
Both were excellent.
I finally decided on Snickerdoodle mixed with cake batter, thinking it would be a good combo.
I also added some almonds and reese's peanut butter cup.
I was shocked at how low the price was and how delicious it tasted.
The cake batter was okay and the snickerdoodle was phenomenal.
However, next time I think I need to add more almond.
It completely hit the spot and I think my punch card may just be full before long.
I mean, since I'm walking there and back it means I can go more than I told myself I could right?
The decor in the place isn't that bad for me.
I think the couch idea is great, but I'd love to see more color in there.. maybe mix in some yellows or other tropical tones and not be afraid of using some white :)  I'm also hoping for some other toppings such as coconut, and maybe some pineapple.
Curious about what flavors are to behold.
Banana?
Now banana, pineapple, raspberry would be a great combination!!
You've got me coming back!

great flavors to choose from.
they had red velvet that actually tasted like red velvet and oatmeal raisin which was very nice and light in flavor.
lots of great toppings as expected.
i love that theres a little area outside to sit surrounded by tiki torches.
it would have been nice if they offered more tropical flavors but overall very satisfying.
i'll be back.

I LOVE this place!
My friend and I were on a Tour de FroYo until Aloha came around.
We needed to find a locale that was a compromise for us distance-wise, which is how we found this place, and I'm so glad we did because now, I can't go anywhere else!
The flavors are always changing, and though they have stand froyo, they also have a fun time creating their own flavors from scratch.
The toppings are ALL there (and not missing my faves like mochi and cheesecake bites like some places), and the fruit toppings are always fresh.
The price is also right.
In addition, the seating is awesome.
Can we say, Hello, leather couches?
What other froyo place has leather seating?
Right.
None.
There's also good reggae playing, and a mural of a tropical landscape behind the counter gives one the impression that they have literally gone to Hawaii and can say, Aloha!
Oh, and for all you non-dairy eaters, this place has at least one non-dairy flavor at all times (and it changes every few weeks), so don't worry that you won't find something for yourself cuz you will.
Be sure to grab a punch card, and if you're a newbie to this place, text the number located near the register to get 20% off right then and there and to continue getting discounts via text!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!

Open late, which is nice.
Good selection of flavors, and they have a sugar-free yogurt too I believe.
The quality of the yogurt and toppings isn't as good as Mojo, but it'll do if you're craving yogurt near this area.
P.S.
Look on studentinsider.com for coupons!

we FINALLY got around to trying this place.
took ages, considering it's right down the road from us, LOL.
anyway, it was super empty(and it always looks super empty), considering what an amazing premise they operate by:  the wall is lined with around 10 froyo machines.
you choose the size you want, you fill it as much as you want, and then you move on to the toppings bar, where you top your frozen delight with whatever you want(from fresh fruit, to candies, to sauces, granolas, sprinkles, etc etc etc), and as much as you want.
after that, your cup is weighed and it's time to enjoy!
simple and delightful :D  my only qualm is that they only have 1 non-dairy flavor per week, and they only have 4 non-dairy flavors, total.
(I had Mango Tango sorbet topped with: fresh strawberries, crushed graham crackers, carob chips, mini gummy bears, rainbow sprinkles, and granola--NOMZ!
Jamie had chocolate froyo, mixed with mocha, topped with Ghirardelli caramel sauce, chocolate chips, and chocolate sprinkles.
)  we'll be heading back here for Double-Punch Tuesday(2 punches per froyo/sorbet, on your 10-punch card), so I can try their Pomegranate Raspberry sorbet :p

Great Yogurt spot!
The store is always sparkling clean and the staff is friendly.
They are always ready with plenty of tasting cups!
:)  The fresh fruit is cold and fresh.
They have a loyalty card and you get a stamp for each yogurt you buy (Tuesdays are double stamp day)!
Your 11th one is free.
They send out discount texts and Facebook posts too.
The fact that I want more flavor choices is the only thing preventing 5 stars.
Aloha!

This place is GREAT!
I've never been someone that enjoys frozen yogurt as much as everyone else does.
However, when a friend recommended this place to me, I decided to give it a shot on a recent hot day that we had.
Now, before I begin, let me preface this by saying that I have tried other yogurt places in the past.
(My boyfriend loves frozen yogurt).
Unfortunately, they were okay, albeit sticky, but there was never one that made me crave going back for more.
That's when Aloha Yogurt stepped in to he picture.
The minute I walked in to a CLEAN yogurt shop (SHOCKER!
), the owner offered me tasting cups to try out all of the flavors, which was great because I think he has like 8 flavors of yogurt at one time or something.
Plus I am VERY indecisive.
So that was a huge plus.
After deciding that I was going to go crazy, I packed a bowl of cake batter, peanut butter and coconut (All AMAZING).
I wanted to get a bowl of some of the diary free options, but I decided I would save that for another day.
I don't know what it is, but their frozen yogurt just tastes more fresh and more flavor-ful than other yogurt places.
Maybe because most other yogurt places are so corporate and all about the dollar.
You can tell the owner is there for the customers and cares about the flavors right down to the sprinkles.
(Side Note: He told us he is very particular about the sprinkles he gets from a certain vendor because they're more flavorful than most one can normally buy.
)  It's that sort of attention to detail that impressed me.
Then on to the toppings.
Yes, they have the usual toppings, including some different stuff like carob chips, granola, kashi and mochi (for the health conscious).
The brownie is especially good!
It doesn't taste like the usual freeze dried brownie parts that most yogurt places include.
I LOVE that they have Ghirardelli pumps for chocolate, caramel and this amazing white sauce stuff.
BUT, the creme de la creme is this liquid version of marshmallow fluff that the owner has come up with that is MAGICAL!!!
It tastes like liquid marshmallows mixed with the center of Cadbury cream eggs.
I wanted to take home a jar of it!
Lol...  Lastly, after packing everything in, I get to the counter thinking I'm going to pay a mint for this monstrosity I had created and the price was INSANELY reasonable.
I think the fact that it isn't corporate allows you to pay for the yogurt and not pay money into the pockets of big whigs that could care less about the people.
We talked with the owner and he is a really nice, young, down to earth guy that just seems to love talking with people.
It's little gems like this place that remind me why I love AZ.
ESPECIALLY when I forget, like on a hot day like today.
By the way, I'm officially a frozen yogurt convert and now I check the Aloha Yogurt facebook page to see the new flavors every day.
: )

Amazing!
While I do not crave frozen yogurt often, Aloha is where I go when I do.
There are always new flavors to try and you are able to sample them before buying.
The staff is always very friendly and helpful.
The array of toppings is also fantastic and evolving all the time.
The business is clean and inviting and I believe they even offer free wifi.
For those that are pet owners, there is a bench outside and water for the pups if they happen to be accompanying you (Our Dane loves the peanut butter flavor yogurt).
The prices here are also very reasonable.
As it warms up for the summer, I will definitely be going back again and again and recommend that you do the same.

Aloha Yogurt is pretty awesome.
I have only been here just a few times but I really love the place.
They have awesome outdoor seating and really fresh toppings.
They also have non-dairy yogurt!
I would recommend.

typical froyo place- their fruit flavors are better than a lot of places i've gone to.
tuesdays is double punch day and that's always a plus

Aloha is in our neighborhood, so to speak, and we love to walk over for some yogurt on the weekends, especially when it's warm.
They have a good selection of flavors and toppings, and are always friendly.
The couches are great, and there are tables outside, but it can get a little crowded in the summer when no one wants to sit outside.
That's my only (very small) complaint.
The yogurt is as good as or better than any of the other froyo places in town.

Clean, friendly and most importantly the yogurt is amazing!

Popped in after checking out the buy one-get one deal they have on going on through the Yelp App!
I tried pistachio for the first time and it was really good!
I went with a friend and she just wanted a bowl of some mixed fruit and they let her do that no problem, for free!
(use the app!
) The place is clean, quiet, and the staff is friendly, only reason for the 3 stars is that it's nothing really different from your average froyo shop.
The complex it's in is a little bit away from ASU campus so the crowd is totally mixed, which I find more attractive.
Anyway, make your way over here if you've got a craving and you're near by!

Island coconut flavor was great!
Good service.

I love frozen yogurt.
A lot.
I've been to many of the froyo spots in the East Valley - and Aloha is definitely my favorite.
The yogurt is really tasty and great quality, selection of flavors is excellent, and the staff are super friendly.
I even mentioned once that I thought their rainbow sprinkles were weird - and I love rainbow sprinkles - and the owner actually did some research on it and started ordering a different - and better - variety of sprinkles!
I can't imagine one of the chain yogurt places doing that.
My favorite of their yogurts are the tarts - especially the Peach and Strawberry Tarts.
But I have yet to try a flavor I didn't like.
I recommend Aloha Yogurt without hesitation!

Place is super clean and great customer service!!
I think the guys who serve it are the owners because they do a great job at representing the place.
The yogurt is good but the toppings are even better.
By this I mean the fruit is always fresh and I'm pretty sure the use name brand candies because it tastes better then generic stuff.

Great flavors and excellent toppings!
Customer service is friendly and welcoming, and the store is always so clean.

My favorite fro-yo place!
So sad to be moving away from it.
They have about 12 flavors to choose from.
A few stay always like plain tart and chocolate but the rest rotate around.
I've seen Pistachio, Oreo, Butterfinger, Pineapple Tart, Coffee(my fav!
), Red Velvet, Crumb Cake, Oatmeal Cookie, and tons of others.
There is usually an even mix of tart and sweet flavors and they always have a couple no sugar added or dairy free options.
Lots of toppings to choose from.
Ghirardelli syrups, almonds, peanuts, walnuts, cereals, candy, cheescake bits, brownie bits, mochi, and others.
They also are pretty pet friendly with outdoor seating and a water bowl for them to drink from.
They even have doggy fro-yo but they were out when I tried to get it so I have yet to see if my dog is as in to Aloha as me.

The yogurt selection is good, and the topping selection is average compared other yogurt places, but I am NEVER going back there because of their idiotic coupon policies.
My family and I were frequent guests of Aloha yogurt for a month or two, but my last 2 visits there turned me off forever.
The first time I went in because I had a buy one get one free coupon.
After I got to the register he pointed out that it was expired.
Assuming since they print these same coupons every week, and we were frequent customer's, he would honor the coupon anyways, since I only came there because of the coupon.
But he refused.
I was upset, but paid.
After all, it WAS expired, so while I didn't appreciate it, it was not the end of the world.
The next time I went in there with myself, my wife, 3 kids, and my parents.
We came with 2 filled out stamp cards, and 2 non-expired buy one get one free coupons.
When we got the register, the cashier announced that we were only allowed one coupon PER GROUP.
The coupons clearly said on per person, but they decided to switch things up on us at the register.
He would only let us use one of the stamp cards for our group of 7.
Needless to say that is just TERRIBLE customer service.
I have been the general manager of a restaurant before, and I couldn't image doing that to frequent customers.
So we have found a new yogurt place, and will never go back again.

Went here again and was impressed by the new flavors, especially the watermelon, which is very refreshing and light!
As always, great service, and even though I don't have a dog, I like the fact that they have milkbone flavored fro yo for dogs!
The late hours are also nice in case you get the late night sweets craving.
Upgraded 1 star.

Favorite self serve yogurt place!
Flavors are awesome and change just enough to keep my coming back for more.
Toppings are yummy and staff is always friendly.

They have the BEST customer service and are extremely friendly.
If you are looking for a "mom and pop" of self serve yogurt joints, this is the place for you.
They offer the same yummy flavors and toppings of all the chains locations.
I also LOVE the fact that they stay open until 11pm for my late night cravings AFTER the kids are down for bed (bad I know right lol) and I got a surprise B1G1 special last night via yelp :-)

This is my favorite frozen yogurt place.
I like that their selection of fruits are always fresh.
They're always changing a few flavors around so you don't ever get bored.
I'm always excited to see what new flavors there are.
The employees are always nice and I like that they are opened late.
I highly recommend this place if you are in the mood for frozen yogurt!

I decided to give this place a try because I am lactoseintolerant, and I was hoping they'd have some alternative for me.
To my surprise, they do!
They've got a lot of other flavors as well, aside from my 2 "dairy free" choices.
Toppings are great, customer service is too.
Pick up a dog treat if you have a puppy at home - my dog loved it!

This place is fantastic and cheap.
The flavors are hand crafted an real, not the product of the flavor syrups that every other yogurt shop buys from the same company.
There are new flavors all the time, so you should check in at least once a week.
The owner is there working the shop from 11 to 11 every day, so you'll always get great service and he's open to suggestions about new flavors.
If you like frozen yogurt, you have no excuse for not patronizing this place.
Try it out!

This place is the best!
They have a great selection of flavors that they change daily, I think.
Plus it's locally owned, so that's good.

This place is great.
Always clean, always have new flavors rolling through, and they carry all of my favorite toppings.
Place usually isn't crowded or hard to get to/park like some of the other mall type yogurt shops.
The owner is almost always there and super nice.
They have deals on different days of the week - double stamp Tuesdays or BOGO Thursdays!
They also have a milkbone flavor for your pup - and they have prepacked bowls you can take home and freeze for later!

I feel like I've become a bit of a fro-yo connoisseur because I go so often and Aloha is definitely one of my favorites.
They always have a good selection and swap their flavors out about once a week.
They also have non-dairy options and now offer waffle cones.
Yum!
Aloha is the best!

I would definitely consider myself a regular at Aloha.
My boyfriend and I have been going since we moved to Tempe not just for the yogurt but the outstanding cutomer service as well.
The only employee typically at the counter is also the owner, he is so friendly and makes you feel at home.
He also will bring his dog with him to work to greet the customers outside, a nice touch as an animal lover myself.
Overall the yogurt is great, they are always coming out with new interesting flavors, evening making Milkbone yogurt for dogs.
I highyl reccommend this place to anyone, especially on Thursday evenings, BOGO!

Stopped by after meeting the owner at Social Media Phoenix Day and he hooked us up with a buy one get one free coupon.
Then when we stop by a few days later, he is right there running the place with his dog chillin outside to great us as we walk in.
This is a great neighborhood fro-yo spot.
At a time where it's as easy to find fro-yo as it is to find gas for your car Aloha does what it can to set itself apart with the Hawaiian theme.
(Dog outside the store!
) The flavors were awesome and the toppings looked fresh.
Unfortunately they are not located in our neighborhood, but they are near my parents place so we hope to be back by again.
Protip: Grab a punch card so you can start earning yourself some free yogurt.

Local place that we finally got over to try.
We liked all of the flavors that we tried, but I especially LOVED that they have TWO non-dairy flavors that they offer every day!
=)  It's a great neighborhood spot.
Loved that the owner was so nice and friendly, and that he brought his dog with him (outside on the patio with a big water).
I love to support local businesses.

Best little gem ever!
Within walking distance of my apartment, I easily go here once a week.
If you check in on Frousquare it's 20% off your yogurt.
Get a punch card.
Tuesday is double punch day and Thursday is BOGO free.
I've never seen Frosted Animal Cookie froyo before but it was amazing!
Very small shop but it makes up for it in toppings.
The topping bar is laid out differently than what I'm used to so go all the way to the end for your chucnks of candy bars and what not.
My fav froyo in Tempe.

I just looked Menchies up online.
It's 30 minutes away.
What to do, but consult Yelp?!
So the recommendations for Aloha were top-notch, but I figured I'd be the judge of that!
And...5 stars, indeed.
The flavours were great, the toppings were plentiful and fresh.
The only improvement I'd make is offering whipped cream (CREAM, not TOPPING...in case the owner is reading this..)  With four kids, though, I think we'll be going on 2-for-1 Thursday next time!

Great neighborhood joint, Im just sorry we didn't know it was there sooner.

Delicious!
Lots of toppings, especially fruit!
Staff is ALWAYS friendly and I love that they're open late

The flavors are great!
Bring back strawberry lemonade that was my fave lol

After a recommendation from a friend, I decided to give this place a shot since my last experience at a yogurt place didn't exactly leave me thrilled.
This place is conveniently located down the street from my house, and is well worth the drive from my boyfriend's house located near ASU.
When we walked in the for first time (I have been back several times since) we were immediately greeted by an employee and offered sample cups.
At this point I was already excited because customer service is a big deal with me.
My boyfriend and I went over to the yogurt dispensers and looked at our selection (there are 12 different flavors).
I was immediately drawn to "Oreo Brownie" and boy, did it not disappoint.
They had other flavors like "Graham Cracker" and "Angel Food Cake" which I also loved, but in the end I couldn't turn down the Oreo brownie.
They have different sized bowls, which I liked, so that I could have some sort of limit and not get carried away with the yogurt like I usually do.
They also have a large selection of toppings to choose from like crushed Reese's, Oreo crumbles, cheesecake bites, and brownie pieces, all of which I included in my yogurt.
At the register, I was informed that they have punchcards and if we come in on a Tuesday we get "double punched" and if we come in on a Thursday it's buy one get one free!
I think that was the very moment I fell in love.
I've been back several times, and to my dismay I found out that my beloved Oreo brownie got replaced by "Oatmeal Cookie," which is pretty good, but nothing to compare to the Oreo brownie that I fell in love with.
I love this place and try to make my way over every Thursday if I can convince the boyfriend.
They're also open until 11pm everyday except for Friday and Saturday's when they close at midnight.
So this is my new go-to place!
My only problem is that due to some arrangement, it can get crowded by the dispensers since there's a couch right by it, but it's manageable and I can't blame other people for loving the place just as much as I do.

This place has much better flavors and more variety!
Also, they have Fruity Pebbles for a topping.
YAY!

They are still coming out with great unique flavors such as root beer, animal cookie, and oreo brownie, and they have a wonderful seasonal pumpkin fro-yo.
They offer small frozen cups of milkbone dessert for your dog ($2), so we sat on the patio with our dog enjoying our respective desserts.
The milkbone dessert seems to be straight from the freezer so it is brick-hard, so it will take some time to defrost so that your dog can enjoy it.
The cup it comes in is one of those small-ish clear plastic condiment cups.
My dog really enjoyed his frozen treat!

Worth the trip from Northwest PHX.
Alhoa Yogurt is amazing.
Fantastic selection of unique flavors, and toppings.
Top it off with great service by employees who know what's being served in their stores.
A lot better than Mojo Yogurt.

Love this place.
We're here weekly and enjoy the clean shop and friendly greetings.
Wish there were more tart yogurt flavors but the topping bar is always well-maintained.
Flavors change regularly and there's toys to keep the kids busy.
Thursday is buy one get one free day.
Glad to support a locally-owned business.

Love this yogurt shop!
Always the best, most unique flavors.
Friendliest employees and plenty of sample cups.
Great service and awesome yogurt!

One thing I miss about Southern California is the frozen yogurt shops they have on seemingly every corner.
Having been to tons froyo places in my time, I'd say that Aloha Yogurt is certainly one of my favorites.
The shop is always clean, stocks fresh ingredients, and the staff is nice.
The flavors are pretty routine, but they throw in a Frosted Animal Cookie flavor that I'd never had before... and its taste is spot-on.
I also like the deals they have: --Check-in on Foursquare for 20% off --BOGO Free on Thursday --Double punch card Tuesday

Over the course of the last year, I have developed a mild frozen yogurt addiction.
Mojo's, Froyo, Yogurtland, etc are all beacons of joy and hope (excluding Red Mango, which is a pit of sadness).
While most of the aforementioned sellers of edible heaven are similar in their flavorings, Aloha Yogurt stands out as supreme.
Whoever is creating the flavor batches must be creating them from scratch, love, and unicorns (well done on masking the unicorn flavor, by the way).
Nutella tastes like you've opened a jar of Nutella.
Pumpkin Spice is better than your granny's pumpkin pie (your granny is still a nice lady).
The chocolate is made with Ghirardelli chocolate.
Those are just some examples of the frozen dream cream this place creates.
Time was the only factor preventing me from returning a second time in one day.
But I compensated by returning the next day.
While the joint hasn't completely ruined me for all the other cats, I will always choose Aloha if I have the option.
Side-ish note: The toppings are roughly the same as other shops, as they tend to be name brand candy chunks of goodness.
Items such as fruit, cookie dough, brownie bites, etc seem to be more fresh and moist than other shops, though.

Great price!
Great frozen yogurt!
Great assortment of toppings!
:) will be going back since we were offered a punch card!

This place is a tasty make your own fro-yo place.
They are a late-night establishment (and with the slogan "pack your own bowl" you know they are banking on those late-night munchie crowds).
I love this because it's so close to my house and I love late night snacking!
The best part about this place though is that it is clean and the toppings are fresh.
The cookie dough is AMAZING (I often wonder why I don't fill my bowl with just that).
The fruits are always fresh and never mushy.
They also had girl scout cookie flavors the last few times I was there which is always a good thing!
Definitely a great place to stop and get some late-night fro-yo :-)

Good frozen yogurt with awesome toppings.
Not too expensive, you pay by how much your creation weighs.
Just go.

We love aloha!
This is by far the best frozen yogurt place in the area.
It beats out yogurt land and mojo by a landslide.
Always friendly and locally owned.
We are sold.

Awesome service and amazing Red Velvet flavor!!
Yummmy!!
:) PLUS!!
You get a free bowl when you check in with Yelp, up to five dollars worth, how AMAZING is that???!!!
Very, very Amazing!!
The girl there was super nice and informative, she mentioned that its locally owned and they only Aloha Yogurt in Arizona.
Not only is it amazing on its own for being locally owned, but the flavors,oh how deliciously addicting.
I could not stop eating from my bowl, the Ghirardelli Chocolate, Raspberry, Oreo cookie and of course, the amazing RED VELVET were all so satisfying!!!
They were all truly perfect and delightful, and even better when paired with the right toppings, like the mango, for the raspberry, and the oreo dust for the chocolate and Oreo cookie flavor!!
So for the next time that I find myself around this area, I will not hesitate to stop by Aloha to again experience the most AMAZING FROZEN YOGURT Tempe has to offer!!

The yogurt is very good.
They make their own flavors I now know.
The service and friendliness and neighborhood personal feel is so great.
Have loved this place for years now and it just keeps getting better every time I go in.

My wife and I love this place!
We've gone to a lot of different frozen yogurt places but this is our favorite.
I'm a chocolate fan and they have the best chocolate flavored yogurt from any locals that I've tried.
They always have new flavors to try.
The only thing I wish is that when they roll out a new flavor they also offer that as a topping.
For example Twix yogurt with pieces of twix as a topping option.
The service is always friendly and pricing is about the same as other frozen yogurt places.

Went here yesterday with my kids - BOGO day!
They go every Thursday with my mom and know the owner so it was fun to tag along.
I have been to alot of yogurt places around town and while they are just ok I wasnt holding my breath.
I tasted most the flavors and they were awesome - I was so surprised.
Very clean place, nice service, good location.
I am def going back any chance I get - it was awesome.
Not too sweet, great selection of yogurt and toppings, new flavors - good experience all around.
Very fresh and you can taste the flavors nicely.
I am a fan!

Love this place!
The people working there are really laid back and nice.
They have a good variety of flavors and toppings.
Thursdays are buy one get one which is great.
Usually when I go there is a guy working there that keeps his dog outside... the dog is really calm and adorable!

We have lost count of how many times that we have been to Aloha.
It is always the same guy working there.
That's right, the owner is ALWAYS there.
What that means is: this is NOT a bunch of teenagers working at some franchise that they don't care about.
The guy working there REALLY cares about customer service & it shows!
The flavors are always evolving, as are the toppings.
If you don't see a flavor that you like, just mention it to him.
Like I said, he is the owner & he REALLY wants to take care of people.
You owe it to yourself to try this place!

Clean, kid friendly and Fantastic selection of yogurt flavors!
LOVE this place!

Great location and great change of flavors to keep it interesting!
I go here about 2 times a week, and there is always a few flavors that I enjoy in the rotation.
Also, there are plenty of toppings to choose from, and everything is fresh.
They also have great deals on Tuesdays for double stamps, or if you go with another person on Thursdays it's buy one get one free!
Awesome deal compared to some of the other chains of yogurt joints.

This place is amazing.
From the decor to the yogurt to the owner.
They are dog friendly and you can get 4oz doggy yogurts for a few bucks.
My pack loves them.
They have rotating flavors so there is always something new  to try.
Lots and LOTS of fresh tasty toppings.
The owner is very chill and always working there.
Recently they put up some cool art, I love the mural on the wall.
Open late on the week for the late night sweet fix.
They have a loyalty punch cards and great deals during the week.
Thurs is BOGO and I think Tuesday is double stamp.
Best froyo ever.

I love this place!
They have the best toppings and fro yo.
There is usually new flavors very often but my fav is Peanut M & M. Plus its always good to go with a friend to get 2 for 1 when checking in on yelp

Best frozen yogurt in Tempe, love supporting this local business.
Flavors are are always delicious and have the best toppings.
Receives my highest reccomendation for yogurt shops!

Our new local favorite!
They took our business from Zoyo......we live in the neighborhood.....SUPPORT!!!

awesome experience.
Great customer service...yeah, one might say all the self-serve fro yo places are the same, but at the end of the day, customer service wins over all and keeps the customers coming back.
Also, loved the deals- especially, the BOGO Free on Thursday.
But I think the icing on the cake- having NSA flavors other than some stupid fruity tart flavors.
People who can't have sugar would like to have something decadent...and this place delivered.
The cheesecake was so delicious!
Yeah, they had strawberry, but that was the best strawberry I've had and was more like rich, premium ice cream rather than tarty.
ps: word to the review by Ryan M.---always trust a fellow UA wildcat (or fan) in sun devil territory.

My absolute favorite place for froyo!!
Friendly customer service and amazing in house mixed flavors!

Good mix of flavors and toppings with great customer service.
My one complaint is the price has slowly crept up to .40 per ounce.
They do have a punch card and run frequent specials.
4  1/2 stars are deserved for this great little yogurt shop.

This place is consistently delicious and the owner and his employees are incredibly nice.
When the weather is nice, you can find Skogun (spelling?
), the owner's dog, outside, waiting to greet you.
Highly recommended based on taste and atmosphere, and love even more that it is a locally owned business.

I really liked this place!
This is my new go-to froyo spot.
Flavors were delicious, good selection of toppings, clean shop and the gal on duty was really nice.
Upon walking in, we were offered tasting cups and they had these Mr. Potatohead toys to keep my son busy while I put together my creation.
The downside is the place is pretty small and luckily it wasn't busy when we visited.
They don't have as many flavors as Zoyo, but the flavors they did have provided a good variety and all sounded delicious.
My family all thought the their yogurt tasted much better here too.
Not to mention, they have a rewards card - sweet :)

Took us a while but the girl finally found a good, locally owned yogurt shop.
We needed one after some bad experiences with Zoyo and Orange Leaf.
Always feels better supporting the local guys than the big company who could care a less about their patrons.
Aloha yogurt is a nice little place with some unique flavors.
Loved the candy bar flavors like Twix!
And the atmosphere was very friendly and warm.
Got a good laugh out of the jumbo Mr.
Potato Heads the were out on the tables.
The staff was very friendly.
While the sample cups are not out for you to grab on your own, the staff is happy to hand you twenty of them if you ask.
And one of them (I assume to Manager) was out on the floor chatting with the patrons and checking if we needed any help or sample cups.
There were plenty of topping to pick from and plenty of good flavors.
Also, a BOGO check in deal?
Heck yeah!
Overall a great experience and next time I want Froyo, I know the first place I'm going!

**Update 9/13: Learned that all their yogurt is made in house, awesome!
Pineapple flavored?
Made WITH real pineapples!
Twix flavored?
Made WITH actual Twix bars!
Refreshing change indeed!
**  Kind of sad I overlooked this place so many times coming home from Arizona Mills or MBFGR.
Dude was hesitant at first, but bet he's glad I dragged his butt out here after blah experiences at two lamesauce chains.
Very small place, but big on flavor.
Seating is plentiful outside on two patios, which was nice on a cooler Phoenix night.
The gal that was on duty was very friendly.
Loved the chalkboards that labeled each flavor above the dispensers; a cute touch instead of the printed cards you see so often.
The Jumbo Mr.
Potato Heads out on the coffee tables inside were hilarious!
Bet parents appreciate those while they're trying to make a yogurt bowl for their toddlers.
Sample cups aren't up for grabs, but Aloha's staff isn't stingy on them either.
Lots of interesting flavors named after candies, such as Watermelon Jolly Rancher and Twix Bar!
Which by the way, blended with Peanut Butter .
Twix Bar was AMAZING.
And I must say, the yogurt here was very rich and creamy, unlike the watered down dairy you'll sometimes find at those pesky chain places.
Fantastic deals too.
Thursday night is BOGO .
But if you check-in on Yelp any time, that offer is BOGO!
First place I've seen around here with late night hours.
A little bird told me they put out Pumpkin Spice flavor in the fall.
Can't get enough pumpkin in the fall, whether I'm cooking pumpkin and black bean chili, baking, or things like lattes, beer, etc...Let's just add Froyo to that list why don't we?!
Great customer service doesn't cost a business anything extra, and Aloha clearly recognizes that.
We'll be back!

Unique flavors like twix and lychee and good toppings like real cookie dough and captain crunch.
No hot fudge or it would be perfect.

I had to update my review from 4 to 5 stars.
Every-time I come it keeps getting better and better!
Not only are the flavors delicious and unique, the staff are super friendly and the store frequently has coupons and special discount days.
Our family LOVES this place!!!

Great variety of flavor.
Excellent service!
We're new to this area and Witt offered great suggestions of other restaurants to try.
Friendly, clean and delicious.

good deals, nice mom and pop place.
The flavors are pretty consistent here.
Yay for check in deals!

Amazing...that's all you need to know.

MY NEW FAVORITE!!
Since I moved back to Tempe, I have become very fond of this local yogurt shop.
With that said, there are two reasons I have decided to give this place five stars.
First, their in-house made yogurt comes in flavors that I have yet to see at other establishments.
Not only is their always a good variety and new flavors each visit, but every flavor is delicious.
Second, the toppings, specifically the chunks of actual cookie dough and the grounded up Oreo.
These two topping alone, combined with their amazing flavors have allowed me to create some delicious concoctions.
Oh ya, sometimes I will throw some fresh fruit in there, you know, just to make it healthy.

Great locally owned shop.
There's a good variety of flavors including non-fat, dairy free, and tart options.
They also have buy one get one free Thursdays, and double-punch card Tuesdays!
The owner and staff and also very friendly!

At first I was drawn in by the reviews of fellow yelpers who raved about the yogurt being made in house.
When I got here I was so happy to hear reggae, a clean and calm environment and a yummy/ unique selection of flavors!
I opted for a mix of Oreo Nutella and butterfinger.
When I got to the register the cashier surprised me with letting me know today was buy one get one free!
Woohoo!!
Delicious variety and great deals!
Awesome staff!!
Favorite froyo in tempe!

I'm still loving their unique flavors (Such as this week's blood orange tart), the fact that they are open late, and their dog friendly atmosphere.
Service has always been great.
The owner(?)/manager(?
) was kind enough to give my 2 dogs some samples of their Milkbone doggie yogurt (Dogurt?
) which they enjoyed a lot!
Upgrade 1 star!

Visited Aloha Yogurt to celebrate our softball team's second win of the season.
Aloha was cool enough to sponsor our team and get us brand new t-shirts so we thought we'd stop by for a visit.
No special treatment - we still paid for our yogurt, but I was able to cash in my Yelp BOGO offer - sweet!
Will have to come back here on a Thursday night when the BOGO offer is in full effect ALL DAY!
The flavor selection here is LEGEND...wait for it...
DAIRY!
Loved the "Blood Orange" and "Pomegranate Raspberry" - which was dairy free and delicious.
Everyday they feature 12 custom flavors and over 45 toppings so the possibilities are endless.
It's nice that they always have in rotation a plain and a flavored tart flavor, No Sugar Added, and Dairy Free.
You can find out the current selection of flavors by visiting their Facebook page: www.facebook.com/AlohaYogurt.
I love that Aloha is open to suggestions on future flavors, toppings, etc.
and that they have a poll in store where customers can vote on new flavors!
"Sunshine Lemon" was in the lead tonight, but I really hope the "Snickers" flavor comes from behind for the win!
Aloha Yogurt was established by two friends and entrepreneurs who earned their degrees from Arizona State University and the University of San Diego.
I'd much rather come here for my froyo fix and support a locally owned business over a chain any day!

Weighed 40 cents per ounce.
Pretty interesting and fresh flavors also their add ins are fresh and haven't been sitting out all day.
Also they have a milk bone flavored yogurt for dogs.

Local and badass.
Their flavors change often and are amazing, the staff, which is usually only one guy, is very nice and helpful, always offering samples!
And they're open late which is a plus for late night fatties like me.
Yummmmmm!

Reggae beats, always new flavors, clean & relaxing environment- I don't think twice about making the drive to enjoy their variety!
Love this place!

Great Yogurt!
And the flavors they change weekly are amazing.
Try mixing them to find a new favorite not even on the menu.

Aloha is our favorite local frozen yogurt place!
Always great flavors, boyfriend likes the Ghiradelli chocolate, I'm partial to the sorbets.
I also love their double punch Tuesday and 2-for-1 Thursday.
Nice patio area and always friendly staff!

Great innovative flavors, awesome yelp checkin deal, and lots of parking spaces to boot.
They offer plenty of mini tasting cups so you can create your own masterpiece.
As I was leaving, I was practically pitching their sour applehead flavor to a customer when she looked skeptical while talking to the person behind the counter.
I hope that flavor stays!

My favorite frozen yogurt place by far.
Ask workers are real friendly and have some if the freshest toppings.

Husband was craving froyo on our way home and wanted to see what we could find without going too far off track.
A quick check onYelp popped up Aloha Yogurt and we decided to stop in based on the previous reviews.
We were definitely not disappointed!
I am not a froyo connoisseur but I've never really liked more than 2 or 3 flavors when I get froyo and I normally only settle on two.
This place managed to grab my tastebuds for four flavors - unheard of for me (I'm not into mixing stuff)!
I liked the flavors they had (I remember salted caramel chocolate, oreo brownie, and crumb cake, but everything else is fuzzy).
Not sure if it's because they mix up the froyo daily but I felt the consistently of the froyo was a little soft - very melty and messy when I was sampling.
Not a huge problem, but I really hate sticky fingers and there wasn't any hand sanitizer (that I saw) around.
Sigh - napkins it was for me.
Their toppings bar is moderate but fresh and kept up (no mixing or dribbling of toppings).
My husband was happy to see they use Ghirardelli chocolate and caramel sauce - he recently tried some at another froyo place (obsessed) and really likes the quality of it.
They had several choices for fruit, nuts/grains, chocolates, candies, and gummies/boba.
I really like how clean the entire place was.
We were the initially the only customers there when we walked in but as we sat their enjoying our treats more customers came in and every time the cashier had a little time he was cleaning and tidying up which is a big plus in my book.
He was also very nice and patient with us as we looked through all the flavors and toppings.
They do have a loyalty system for non-discount purchases (I think).
I say this because they have discounted froyo days on Tuesdays and Thursdays so no doubling dipping on those days (snicker), and we had a BOGO from Yelp that didn't give us credits in their reward system.
The seating area inside is sparse - the majority of the seating is really outside.
I can see it being nice when the nights are not crazy hot and your froyo melts faster than you can eat it.
Mosquitos and other biting bugs tend to really like feasting on me so I sit inside as much as possible.
I saw on a board near the cashier that you can select pre-packed froyo cups at a discounted price.
I have not tried that method but the flavor of that day was pistachio.
Can't beat 20 cents an oz if you really like the flavor on the board!
My only concern would be how much yogurt was packed in.
All in all a very nice place to visit if you're in the area.
We liked the quality and the taste of the froyo and toppings and will be stopping in soon the next time we are around.

My daughter and I stopped in to Aloha on a Thursday night and were pleasantly surprised with the "Buy One Bowl Get One Free offer!
Who doesn't love free froyo?!
And besides that the price for the first bowl was not bad compared to what I have paid at other self-serve yogurt joints.
For the allergen geeks such as myself; the froyo is labeled dairy or sugar free.. And the yogurts that contain gluten are labeled as such.
I had the berry and country vanilla and my daughter got peaches and cream; of which all were great.
Not watery at all and very creamy.
Yes, I am a froyo extraordinaire!
LOL Check this place out.
Oh, and there are buckets of Mr.
Potato Heads on the tables inside.
How cool is that?!
....And another + is that it's open late

Aloha has the best quality taste, texture, toppings, and reward program.
I just moved to AZ and went to this place like 5 times in two weeks....
The flavors were always different, and all of them are SO delicious.
Tonight I went to a different froyo shop to try something new and I seriously regret it.
It tasted flavorless and gross compared to aloha!
Roxanne is the manager here and she is super cool!
So are the other employees :)

Great flavors all very luxurious and natural.
Toppings galore!
All you can imagine  Reggae music, pet friendly, chilled out and great service

I liked the coconut flavor one.
Yogurt here is more thick and delicious than what I have had at other frozen yogurt places on Phx.
I thought seating arrangement could be little different inside.
One suggestion or improvement that could be done is to have 1 three seat and  2 two seat couches, total 3 couches, instead of 2 three seat couches.

BOGO Thursdays are busy, so be ready for it!
We arrived at just past 10:00 PM and the place was packed.
Still, even though it was only one staff member, she moved everyone along and there was no waiting or confusion.
The yogurt itself is very well flavored - the rootbeer float was my favorite, but the strawberry was pretty great too.
The toppings are pretty standard, but the fruit was a little fresher than I typically see at other fro-yo places.
I would definitely recommend it.

Aloha is clean, the staff is super friendly and it's hard to come twice in a row without seeing new flavors.
They always have kids movies playing to entertain the youngsters.
The toppings are unique, fresh and delicious.
It's a neighborhood gem, if you live nearby stop-in and meet some neighbors.

