They were great.
I had a living social coupon for routine inspection and maintenance check.
They arrived on time and were very personable.
He went right to work completing the inspection.
Incidentally, I had noticed my electric bill had gone sky high the previous month but I didn't mention it to this guy.
He then told me he had found a leak in my unit, and wanted to fix it, no extra charge to me, even though I expected to pay for anything above just an inspection and cleaning.
Sure enough my electric bill was low again the next month and my AC didn't seem to be working as hard.
I was very impressed!

Wonderful service.
Dan, the owner,  is a stand up guy and extremely professional.
They came out when they said they would and were very straightforward.
Their card is on my fridge.
I would highly recommend.

What an Absolutely SUPER Air conditioning team.
They designed my new system to be extremely quiet, efficient, and give me really clean cool air and heat.
Bell Air is synonymous with Superior Customer Service !!
No Job is to complex or too big for this quality team of really experienced HVAC experts.
Bell Air is who you want to call if you live in Arizona and want a Top Notch job completed on time and on budget.
Not only is Dan, the owner, personally involved with every install but super communication between you and the team members is handled by Asha who will personally take your calls.
Chris, Kevin and Albert will be the team that gets it all working smoothly and efficiently !!
It must be hard to find good people like this but Dan has done it.
Call Bell, Problem Solved !!
Really, I mean this, CALL THEM !!

I'm a small business owner with 2 A/C units.
About 4 months ago, one of Bell's competitors, who are very well known in the Phx area I might add, came out of repair one of our units.
They first time their guy showed up, he said nothing was wrong.
Second time he came out he said there was, replaced a motor, and charged us over $900.
I called Bell A/C today, Chris and Albert showed up within 1-2 hours after my call, and were very professional and fixed out issue right away.
I would highly recommend these guys.
Honest company.

Bell A/C is great, very professional and prompt.
They service my home as well as my office and are always very informative about what is going on with both of my systems and never try to upsell me with unnecessary products or repairs.
They also were life savers last year when we had an emergency on Labor Day at my dad's house, who wasn't even a customer at the time, and Dan sent over his closest technician to get the A/C back on and functioning properly.
It was a relief to know I could call someone that I could count on.
I highly recommend using Bell A/C for all of your cooling needs!

Spoke with Dan the owner.
Told him what my issue was, meaning that my A/C isn't working.
He advised me that he will send a technician out, time frame 7-10 PM.
His technician Chris came out at 6:37 PM, ahead of scheduled time, which is a big plus in 100 degree weather, and got the unit fixed in a matter of minutes.
Great company, fast service, and very reliable.
If you need an HONEST service, this is the place to choose.
Keep up the good work.

