Being from New York I don't know what it is about the food out here but sometimes it's not the greatest.
When I moved out here one of the things I was on a search for was great Chinese Take Out.
We must have tried about a dozen places before we found this place.
If your looking for a good take out place try this one.
Especially if you are from the East Coast, so worth it.

I drove by this restaurant hundreds of times thinking it's the same old fast food Chinese restaurant, it's not.
The dishes are made to order and fresh.
The prices are reasonable too.

I don't know about you guys, but I think the only place Chinese food should be based from is China.
If this is "New York" style Chinese food, then I guess I don't like it.
I have eaten at many Chinese and Asian restaurants in town and this location is at the bottom of my rankings.
When this restaurant first opened, every citizen of Sun City and other Summerlin residents flocked to it.
It is rare to find actual Chinese people cooking Chinese food, but this location is authentic in that sense.
Customer service was great at this location, but their food was the opposite.
It isn't horrible, but I do eat Chinese food so much that I have higher standards for it.
This place is always busy, but a lot of people are there only waiting for take out.
There are a decent amount of tables, but I would not bring a group here.
You can also call in your order and pick it up.
Overall, besides the food, I think this place is run well by management.
You may like this place, like the other reviewers.
I just personally do not.

I had heard from a ton of people how good this place was so I was pretty excited to try it.
This place is terrible.
i don't know why so many people from New York like it.
The Chinese food in New York is excellent, and this was nothing like it.

Blech... That's how I feel.
I'm stuck at Summerlin Hospital and everyone knows how much hospital food sucks.
So I send my husband out on a little journey to get me some fried rice.
I take out my trusty iPhone, open up Yelp and see that my two closest options for Chinese are NY Chinese and Ho Ho Ho.
Hubby wanted Ho Ho Ho but I wanted to try NY Chinese.
I'm from NY so I wanted to see if this lived up to the name...
Especially since I remember that this place came up during a talk thread a couple of months back.
Ugh.
I wish I had let my husband choose.
The shrimp fried rice was not good.
The shrimps seemed ok.
The rice was not though.
It had a strange consistency to it.
Tasted pretty stale.
I don't even know how to really describe it.
It just wasn't right.
The one thing I will say is that it is the only Chinese restaurant in the valley that has the duck sauce packets that I've seen.
If you're looking for duck sauce, you'll find it here.
Otherwise, I would rather drive an extra few miles to chinatown  get some fried rice.

I just came back from another awesome cheap lunch.
I've been here dozens of times over the past 3 years.
Never had a bad meal.
Service is always friendly and accommodating.
Today I had the sweet & sour chicken lunch special and I ordered the sliced pork appetizer - for the first time.
IT WAS PERFECT!
So tender and the sauce has the perfect flavor.
My other favs are the almond chicken, beef and broccoli, sesame chicken and peppered steak and onions.
I also love all of their meats on a steeeeeeeeeks.
:)  Perfectly seasoned and very moist and tender.
Pork fried rice is the bomb.
Take in or take out - my favorite Chinese restaurant in town.

Kristi M. has it right in describing the mom and pop Chinese(American) East Coast restaurants.
You really have trouble finding that type of food at reasonable prices(without being served rubber food).
The lunch specials are great but the combination plates are an even better deal if you don't want Chinese lunch.
For around $8 you get a soup, crab rangoon, egg roll, and a choice of rice along with your meal.
The portion size isn't huge but if you can eat all that food and still be hungry maybe you should eat a little less.
Bravo NY Chinese!
I'll be spending a lot of my days eating your delicious East Coast inspired Chinese food.
Yummmmm

I wanted to eat American Chinese food for lunch and I thought I might as well give this place a try.
I have to say I like my usual place way better than this place.
I had the general chicken lunch special.
The general chicken was ok, could be better.
The hot and sour soup's ingredient was a little off, that's not how hot and sour soup is supposed to be, what's with the preserved vegetables?
The other problem is the fried rice, it doesn't taste like fried rice at all.
It's like they cooked the rice with the ingredients in the rice cooker and mix some soy sauce in it for color.
It seems like they didn't fry it at all.
The bbq pork's color was too red and it doesn't taste like regular bbq pork that I used to have when I was living in Hong Kong.
I have never tried Chinese food from New York, but if this is how New York Chinese food is, then it's really not as great as people say it is.

The New York Chinese is the place place in Summerlin to get fresh & very good Chinese food.
The lunch menu is fantastic .
Large portions and fits the budget.
The help is very helpful when ordering, 5 star.
Order a head on weekend.
Long wait if you just go in.
But it's worth it.
Happy dining.
Swordie

Very good

I'm Chinese and from NJ.
I've spent a lot of time having authentic Chinese food in Chinatown, NY as I lived very close to Manhattan.
I've had my fair share of Chinese takeout places (which is not authentic) back at home.
I tried a couple places when I moved to Las Vegas last year -- Grand China and China-a-Go-Go -- and I thought they were okay for what they were.
When we moved to Summerlin (we were up in Aliante previously), I was excited to try this place because they boast that their food is New York style Chinese.
At first, I thought that mean the food was like what you'd find in a Chinatown, not Chinese takeout, and I thought it was kinda neat that there was a place like this closer to where we were (although I don't mind having to go to Las Vegas' "Chinatown" for some good Chinese food; my favorites so far are KJ Kitchen and Joyful House).
However, after reading the reviews here, it seemed like my first impression was incorrect.
The first time we ordered from here further confirmed that.
I don't really know what NY style supposed to mean.
To me, there's just real Chinese food and there's Americanized Chinese food.
This would fall under the latter.
The first time, I ordered chicken and broccoli, which was all right, but I've definitely had better from a Chinese takeout place.
It seems that this place has a tendency to not change or wash pots when preparing different dishes.
I found some noodles mixed in with my chicken and broccoli and it also tasted like curry, leftovers from a previous order I presume.
The second time we ordered, I got Mongolian beef.
Again, I got a little bit of noodles in there.
However, there was no curry flavor.
It's not a problem, I guess.
My main gripe about this dish was that the cut of beef that they used was very chewy.
I made the mistake of eating a few pieces at one time and made a piece of super beef.
It was so stringy and rubbery that I couldn't break it apart without chewing it for a few minutes.
And I didn't feel comfortable trying to swallow the entire wad of what felt like jerky, though I probably could've.
Additionally, I wasn't sure if I'd have any stomach problems later from swallowing a chunk of super tough meat, so I chewed it for like three minutes and then I was finally able to break it up a bit more (I did have to use a fork to break up a sinewy part) and swallowed them in smaller pieces.
My jaw got tired from chewing, so I saved half of it for later.
My boyfriend liked his General Tso's chicken and curry chicken.
I think this place is average.
If we order from here again, I'll try another beef dish to see if I get the same results.
If I do, I'll probably stick to poultry -- if we continue to order from here.

It's pretty hard these days to find solid tasting Chinese food that doesn't put a dent in your wallet.
I've been coming to this place for several months now and I figure it's about time I write a yelp review about this place.
I dig the lunch specials ($5.25 everyday, not just weekdays) with a wide selection of foods.
My personal favorites are General Tso's and Sesame Seed Chicken with steamed rice and wanton soup.
The wanton soup is the best wanton soup I have ever encountered, hands down.
The staff is super friendly, I am always full whenever I eat there, I dig the egg rolls.
Everything I ordered has been great, I can't help but give this place less than 5 stars.
No stories, no wacky convo's, no random encounters with strangers.
Just a very solid establishment that I'm a huge fan of and I will continue to go there as long as I live in Las Vegas.

This was a to-go order, so take it for that.
This is in Summerlin, too.
We got a large variety of stuff and all of it was very good and stayed super hot in the packaging.
Egg Fu Young, eggrolls, Chicken Lo Mein solid -- and not really greasy or MSG-y as far as I could tell.
(No gallon of water to drink for the rest of the night).
There was a spicy dish too that I enjoyed with vegetables and chicken.
Brown rice was a nice option, too.
Now, the beef and broccoli - well the broccoli was actually more of a highlight.
The beef was a bit chewy, so that's something I hope can be improved upon.
Otherwise, I'd definitely recommend NYCR and would gladly eat their food again.

After about two years of searching, my wife and I thought we found the go to Chinese place here in Vegas.
The first two times we ordered from there, the food was great.
Today I call for delivery...was told 1 1/2 hours.
So I opted to pick up the order (they're only five minutes from my home).
WE both have colds, so we decided spicy would help.
We ordered two orders of the chicken skewers...they were BLACK...not just a little overdone-black.
So we called the restaurant and let them know, their response was just to give us a store credit.
The problem I have is they would even let this order leave the restaurant.
You're telling me nobody there does QC?
I have pictures .
The REAL problem is the lack of consern by management...

I've only get delivery here, so my review is only based on that.
I find it hard to review Chinese here; most of it just isn't very good.
Compared to Chinese restaurants in my hometown, it's not that great.
Just ok.
However, compared to a lot of the Chinese food I've had since moving to Vegas, it's pretty damn good.
Now I don't know if this is really New York style or not, because it just seems like every other Americanized Chinese place in the country.
Things I like here, Mongolian Beef and Hunan Chicken.
The General Tso's is ok too.
Now, the two things that set this place away from the pack, is the fact that they have quick delivery and ridiculously cheap prices.
Decent chinese food at panda express prices.
They have cheap lunch deals, but I think the best deal has to be the combo dinners.
Entree, rice, soup, one crab rangoon, eggroll, and of course, the fortune cookie.
This will cost you less than $8.
It's easily enough food for two meals.
Delivery is always fast and friendly.
*Note* As other reviewers have said, the beef tends to be a little chewy.

I don't even know that this is worth one star.
I will give it one star because the fortune cookies are good.
This was horrible.
The WORST Chinese food I have ever eaten.
It was close to my house and after a long day I did not want to cook.
I did a pick order, had to wait 45 minutes.
I ordered Chicken with broccoli, it was horrible.
I ordered Chicken Lo-Mein, again horrible.
The third entree was Mongolian Chicken, it was average.
The Crab Rangoon was greasy and nasty tasting.
The hot and sour soup tasted like beefy dog food.
We will not be back.
The sad thing is this place was busy with to go orders and the phone was ringing off the hook.
Sad!
I guess when you are looking for Chinese in Sun City Summerlin and this is the only place near by, people make it work.
Not this person.
It was disgusting.

Some people love this place, but there is absolutely nothing special about it to me.
I like their shrimp with lobster sauce but it doesn't strike me as being extra tasty.
I have no real complaint about what I've had there, and I've tried several dishes, but nothing is especially memorable.

I am a fan of New York Chinese Restaurant.
Unfortunately it is a distance from where I live in Henderson       New York Chinese Restaurant is a Vegas Chinese Restaurant that gives New York Chinese Restaurants a run for their money.
They serve tasty New York Style Chinese food that I grew to love and miss.
Before stepping foot in this sit down Chinese Take Out style restaurant, I ordered the New York style chow mien combination with a cola.
Contrary to Vegas Chinese restaurants that offer  New York style chow mien, New York Chinese Restaurant's is pleasing to the taste buds.
My complaint was too much celery.
However, It is my understanding that New York Chinese Restaurant cooks their food the way the customer wants it.
New York Chinese Restaurant are the first Las Vegas Chinese Restaurant that I know of to include won ton soup (delicious) with  combination dinners.
The egg roll and fried rice that were also included in the combination were pleasing on the taste buds.
New York Chinese Restaurant provides customers with a reasonable size glass for cola.
I also appreciated that they did not rush my brother and I.
After finishing the meal we spent several minutes talking (by now the only people in the place).
I am a fan of New York Chinese Restaurant.
Regretfully I am a fan who lives in the other end of town.

Most of the time we do take-out here.
There are tables, but ambience is not the forte of New York Chinese Restaurant.
We usually order the same dishes - Chicken in Garlic Sauce and Hot and Sour Soup, and it's usually very good.
Tonight was special.
Hubby's out of town, so when the cat's away the mouse will -- ORDER PORK!!
Yippee!
I picked up a small Hot and Sour and an order of the Pork in Garlic Sauce (extra ginger, please), took it home, and I was in heaven (or maybe it's hell, for eating pork, a no-no where I come from).
The soup was quite spicy, but not enough to be blowing smoke out of my ears.
The pork was delish, full of veggies - carrot, broccoli, water chestnuts, that rubbery brown thing that I still can't identify, green pepper - and of course, pork!
It was absolutely not greasy.
After the soup, I'll still have enough of the entree for another meal.
I'm really reviewing all of my meals at NY, not just this one, which would have merited four stars.
Our satisfaction level has been up and down, I guess depending on which chef did the cooking.
This is easy to do when you tend to order the same dishes.
Tonight's was great.
Who knows what the next meal will bring?

Great stuff here, quick delivery and fresh food.
I thought the hot and sour soup was the best and the rest was A ok...  Hotel delivery let me enjoy my hotel room in style...

Best Chinese take out anywhere.
I have lived all over the  US and if you want great Chinese delivery this is it!
Always great quality, and the BEST hot and sour soup anywhere.
The delivery is wicked fast!!
The staff is awesome and very friendly!
I highly recommend the cold noodles on the appetizer menu.
OMG...I love it!
It has peanuts so anyone with allergies shouldn't order it.
It's even better the second day!!
You get a lot!!
I really can't say anything bad about this place.
They are the best!

Pretty good for local take out & delivery.
Unfortunately the deliver often takes an hour or longer.
Our last order had a large container of soup that was broken and it filled the bag it was delivered in and saturated the rest of our food.
When we called to explain what happened rather than credit our next order for the same amount ...
The manager said he could only offer 20% off our next order.
We will not be ordering from here again.

This place seems like a hangout for New Jersey expatriates.
Some tasty New York Style Chinese food especially the Beef & Snow Peas and the General Tso's Chicken.
My uncle turned me on to the Beef & Snow Peas and I turned him on to the General Tso's.
So much for his slim figure now.
I'd give these guys 4 stars but the fried rice was just ok.  3.5 stars

I only experienced the food as take out.
I was not impressed.
We ordered sesame chicken.
The chicken we got was soggy, doused in sauce, and not sesame like at all.
The fried rice and noodles were sub par at best.
I won't be back - There are too many other inexpensive Chinese take out places with better product.

The food is disgusting!

I have a love/hate relationship with this place.
If I place the order for pick up or delivery sometimes the wait is much much longer then they say it will be.
I have been left waiting inside for up to 40 minutes and waited almost 2 and a half hours this last time we ordered for delivery.
We actually cancelled that order and got a refund.
This would be the hate part of the relationship..  Now the love part..
The food is pretty good.
There are certain items I have ordered that I wouldn't and others I order each time.
Like the "Fried Veggie Dumplings".
You get 8 in an order and they are addictive.
The Egg Rolls are bigger then I'm used to.
I can get a 2 piece order of those and eat some dumplings and rice and be stuffed.
I have always ordered online.
I have only called when checking the status of my order.
The online ordering is very convenient and they have a area where you can out extra instructions.
The "Orange Chicken" only comes in large size on the menu, but if you order it from the kids menu you can get the small portion.
If you still want the larger portion then you might want to order the combination dinner meal with the Orange Chicken because then you will get a choice of Soup, Rice, an Egg Roll and a Crab Rangoon for $8.95 and the Orange Chicken alone is $8.55.
Might as well get more for your meal for just 40 cents more.

Customer service seems to not exists in this place.
First time in and placing my order after being looked at for 5 min and then them saying oh you want to order.
I place the order and ask what one do you like better , she said with attitude there two diffrent dishes.
Yes I understand that but do you have one you like more... All I got was a repeat of I don't know and there two diffent things.
Then when repeating the order i thought something was wrong, she snaps saying two come to an order.
Finally at the end she calls the number and I'm looking at the receipt calls ya it's yours.
RUDE!
Won't be coming back for this kind of service.

I love the menu here but the time it takes to get a delivery or even a pick-up order is much too long.
My order was received at 5:00 and I'm still hungry at 7:00.
The online ordering is a great feature, but they really need to quicken the pace of their service.

Love the food.
Well priced and always hot.
We ordered food tonight because I am sick in bed.
My son paid the man at the door with a $3.00 tip, but accidentally gave him an extra $10 bill.
He returned to the door and gave it back to my son when he realized it.
Hard to find such integrity these days!
Very impressed.

We don't do Chinese often, but when we do, we always order from here.
Every time we have ordered, the food is great and good portions for the price.
We always order too much and have leftovers, which also taste great!
The usually do take away and it is always ready when promised.
We never have to wait to pick it up.
It is nice to be in and out so fast.

Lived on long Island 50 years.we search for Chinese food that reminded us of home.
New York Chinese is right in the Zone of New York style of Chinese food.
The chicken chow main is right on the money.
Very good service.Great table service also.

We just ordered takeout from this place for the first time last night.
I was a little worried, after reading some of the reviews, but my worries turned out to be baseless.
We ordered a family meal, so sampled many different items.
Everything was delicious.
Wonton soup had tons of big, fat wontons, Orange chicken was served on a lovely bed of steamed broccoli, the Crab Rangoon was delicate and tasty.
The only two issues that I had were the eggrolls and fried shrimp.
The fried shrimp was a little overcooked, and the eggrolls were very dense and pretty tasteless.
Overall, we got a ton of really tasty food for a decent price, and I will order from them again.

This is my go-to place for chinese takeout.
Wonton soup is a must, and the kung pao chicken and mongolian beef are great as well!

I love this place!
They always deliver ahead of the estimated time, and it is very fresh.
I really like the hot and sour soup (especially after a night of drinking).
And the crab Rangoon is delicious as well.

I knew the was not going to be good when the egg rolls were pink in the inside.
Who makes pink egg rolls.
Then, the Chicken Egg Foo Young was plain and the gravy (which looked like country gravy served with biscuits) were on a different bowl.
I didn't want smothered chicken, I wanted egg foo young.
The chow mien (Lo Mein) was average as well as the shrimp fried rice.
It was no better than a food court Chinese food place.
It was edible, but no one in our family fought over the food.
We left our food and didn't even take our left overs.
$28 down the drain.
My husband said, " I was extremely disappointed.
The plates were so small, all of the food couldn't fit on the plate.
The table was sticky.
" My daughter said, "Even the Fortune Cookie was nasty.
"  I joked and said, "My fortune cookie said "Next time eat at Taco Bell..
I hope this food doesn't come back to haunt me in the middle of the night.
It's just a strip mall Chinese food place.

Again a definite yes!
Fresh, tasty, generous portions.
Easy to pick up and they also offer 5 mile delivery.
Glad to see them doing so well!

The pot stickers and spicy beef are my favorite here.
I ask them to leave out any veggies and just add extra peanuts.
When I place an order for delivery it can take sometimes 2 or more hours and if I pick up the order sometimes I am still left waiting.
My wife just thinks the food is okay and gets too upset with how long delivery is so I most of the time just pick up dinner for myself if she is working late.
They have coupons inside so you can get something free depending on how much you order.
If I am working in the area then the lunch specials are the best deal so I try and eat here then.
The soup isn't that special but it comes with the lunch specials.

I like the location and the quality of their food.
The General Tso's chicken is very, very tasty lightly breaded almost soaked in the sauce after lightly deep frying the chicken pieces.
It's not too spicy.
I branched out and tried the Chicken Mein fun (thin rice noodle) and was pleasantly surpised.
It tastes like very good top ramen type noodles with nice pieces of meat and vegetables.
I like this even better than the chicken chow mein, which I found quite fishy tasting (probably the fish stock or clam sauce used in their stir fry).
The service excellent and friendly.
Check it out if you're in this area!

1st time eating here.
Will definitely come back!
Crab Rangoon is outta sight...sweet, generous filling & light crispy wonton.
Wonderful.
Happy I shared a large sweet and sour chicken + fried rice with my husband.
Very generous portions.
Chicken was tender and coated in the S&S sauce, had some pineapple chunks in it but no other veggies.
I guess the only improvement in my opinion would be if the chicken was a little crispier.
Anxious to go back & try something new!

Best NY style Chinese this town has.
They have Chicken Chow Mein; not Lo Mein as others have.

Our office orders from here quite often.
We have never been disappointed.
The lunch specials are reasonably priced and it is enough food for at least two people.
My favorite are the egg rolls, as they are true NY egg rolls and they are huge.
My other favorite is the vegetable fried dumplings.
They give you about 8-9 which is a lot.
The taste is amazing.
The dipping sauce a little garlicky but not overwhelming.
The delivery is fast.
I wish this place was close to home.

There are more chinese restaurants than any other, and usually the rule is you get what you pay for but not in this case.
Here you get good food at a very low price.
They're dinner combos are the best bet, at $8.95, you get a good choice of entrees and lots included extras.
Even if you're not that hungry, ordering ala carte is a good deal, single order menu items are as low as $2.00, so if you're strapped for cash this is the place to go, you won't be disappointed.

It was ok only.
I ordered delivery and they messed up my order.
They gave me egg drop, instead of wonton.
The rangoon and general chicken were delicous.
Other than that it was alright.

I must say this was by far the best Chinese food my boyfriend and I have had in Las Vegas... We ordered the sweet and sour chicken, Gen Tso chicken and BBQ pork fried rice...
It was by far the best food ever!!!
The woman on the phone was very nice told me my delivery would arrive in 45 min and it only took like 30... We will definitely be ordering from here again!

Curry chicken!
Best deal ever.. their lunch specials are great..
It's great for a quick, convenient  run in and get out type place with tasty dishes

Have eaten here a few times before, and was never dis-satisfied.
Went back last night for the first time in a long time.
Had my boys with me, and we ordered a bunch of stuff for take-out.
I didn't want the boys running around their shop destroying it, so I took them out to the car to wait.
I was just about to go back in and see if it was ready when at the same time, the guy was bringing it out to my car.
We exchanged our thanks, and we were on our way.
Smelling the food on the way home made me and my oldest son even hungrier!
When we got home, the bag was ripped into, and started divvying up the dishes.
Beef n broccoli, orange chicken, lo mein, soup, ribs, and FINALLY, REAL egg rolls!!
Not spring rolls being passed along as egg rolls, but real, thick, bubbly skinned egg rolls.
I work EVERY night, so being able to just have some simple take-out, and watch Spongebob with my boys was  a great feeling.
I only see my kids when I drop them off at school in the morning, and after I get home(usually around 11pm) as they are going to bed.
This food was part of a good memory that I will be able to have.
I got such a buzz from the food, I had to wait until today to write the review.

good stuff I've finally found in New York style Chinese restaurant....that knows how to cook

worst food ever, wouldn't feed a rat their food, the food was so bad I might have well thrown my money in the garbage disposal.
thrity bucks what a waste.
I have absolutely nothing good ta say about this place and cannot emphasis how bad the food was.
I have to believe that anyone who wrote a good review either has no taste buds, or they are made of  cardboard or is working for them because they SUCK, SAVE YOUR MONEY!
I am only posting one star because otherwise I can't post this message, but if I had a choice I would post a negative 5 star.
Plus your house will stink even after the food is out.
Hot and sour soup tasted like beef stock, the fried rice was dry and tasted old, sweet and sour pork was so gross, it was breaded pieces in one container and sweet and sour sauce in another....no vegetables and don't even get me started with the Mongolian beef.
One bite of each and I walked the whole thing out to the dumpster.
If I had not bad cash I would dispute it with my bank!!
I used to work in the business and I come from a family of chefs, this restaurant should be shut down.
DISCUSTING  Eek Methinks they owe my 30 bucks and a health department visit or at least a real chef!

Whenever I eat Chinese (and by Chinese I mean western style take out food) I pretty much always get the same thing  -Crab Rangoon (cream cheese wantons) -Sweet and Sour Chicken -Pork fried rice   So my review is based solely on these items.
Most of the deduction came from the crab rangoons although overall the meal was aggressively mediocre.
Crab Rangoon  A good CR should be crispy on the outside, and stuffed full of moist, gooey cream cheese and fake crab meat.
The ration of filling to pastry should be such that there is barely enough pastry to hold the filling inside and no more.
These CRs have way too much pastry and not enough filling.
This produces a CR that is really dry and no matter how much sweet and sour sauce you slather it in (as a professional slatherer I should know) the taste/texture is never quite right.
In addition, unclear if this is because of too much pastry, the whole thing was very very dry- no delicious moistness.
Sweet and Sour chicken  Getting take out SSC has a few pitfalls -if they mix the sauce beforehand the chicken will be way to wet/not crispy -if they don't mix there is a chance the steam from the dish will make everything inside mushy -they can have vegetables mixed in  This one was actually dec.
The chicken wasn't super crisp but they wisely did not premix the sauce so it was salvageable.
Pork Fried Rice Not enough egg , but other than that acceptable.

New York Chinese is not good.
Do yourself a favor and find somewhere else.
I knew from Yelp reviews not to expect much, but it was convenient and close.
So keep in mind my expectations were already pretty low.
I called to place an order and picked it up myself.
While online ordering can be convenient, I prefer to call since you end up spending 10 minutes online entering your order and CC info anyways.
When I came to pick up, the place was nearly empty, and the younger boy at the counter (I'm guessing a family member) was arguing with one of the other employees (probably another family member).
He was also not very friendly, handing me my receipt without saying thank you or come again or anything at all.
He's just a kid though so not too surprising.
This business should take a step back and retrain all of it's employees on proper customer service.
Is this young boy really who you want to be the face of your business?
As for the food, I ordered orange chicken, moo shoo pork, and pork lo mein.
The orange chicken was mushy and not appetizing.
The moo shoo prok was decent but the pancakes it comes with tasted like eating paper.
The pork lo mein was the best thing we ordered and was done pretty well.
Given the lack of service and good food, I can safely say I won't be back.

I just found my new favorite place for Chinese food in Las Vegas.
The food was amazing.
I had the BBQ Ribs, Hot and Sour Soup and the Vegetable Chow Mein.
All of it was great.

