I was new to the area last year and saw their ad for hair services using natural/organic products.
I've been using natural hair dye for almost 10 years now and was thrilled to see a salon that advertised the same.
When I made the call, I was able to explain exactly which colors I use (by code) and they actually understood what I was saying!!
Jacquie colored my hair last year and when I came back to the area in December, I wasted no time making an appointment for hair color again.
Since then, I have also tried Debra's manicure/pedicures and I'm hooked!
Their process doesn't use any water (which weakens my nails) and they only use nail polishes with natural ingredients (what a change from the huge salons in the area that smell of fumes from polish and remover!
)    The salon is clean, Debra and Jacquie are both a lot of fun and both do a great job!
Next I want to try the Brasilian blow-out before I head back east to land of humidity!

I had been doing all sorts of research about the Brazilian Blowout.
I was ready to get one when I found Pure Salon on yelp.
A mostly organic salon sounded perfect to me.
I have been a faithful user of non chemical products for a while.
The day of my appointment I was full of excitement for my hair to be tamed and silky.
The salon was very sleek and the ladies working there were nice and friendly.
Debra did my BB (Brazilian Blowout).
Here is the problem.
While she was combing in the solution she kept combing my hairline and my face.
She even joked about it.
I watched in the mirror as my face got red all along the hairline.
I was getting nervous but Debra had said how she had been doing these kinds of treatments for a long time so I figured the redness would go away.
That it was normal.
After the process my hair was really straight and I liked it.
The only problem was that when I got home and really looked up close I noticed that my face was completely irritated from where Debra had repeatedly combed the solution onto my face.
I gave it a day and hoped it would be gone.
No such luck.
It was so sore and tender that I felt like I needed to call the salon.
They just acted surprised, never said sorry, and said to put aloe on it and call in a few days if it wasn't gone.
So I did and the redness did go away but instead it formed scabs.
It was pretty ugly.
This was on a weekend and yes by the time the salon was open again it was gone so I didn't call back.
I thought maybe she would call me and see how I was doing but she didn't.
Anyway, it is now a week and a half later and although my face is better today I noticed my entire scalp is peeling like crazy.
It looks like really bad dandruff.
Never in my life have I had dandruff or any sort of reaction to a product.
I have been dying my hair and putting treatments in since high school and have always been fine.
I won't be going back to Pure Salon.

So after talking to a bunch of friends about my major scalp peeling they all said I must call the salon and tell them what happened.
I did and spoke with Debra.
She insisted that I call the Brazilian Blowout hotline and tell them what happened to me and offered me a deep conditioning treatment to help calm my scalp that burned.
I did call the company and when they were explaining the process of the Brazilian Blowout that the stylist should have followed I suddenly felt sick to my stomach.
The girl at the actual Brazilian Blowout company hotline explained to me that after the solution was flat ironed into my hair, it should have been rinsed out and a masque was to be put in.
That was never done to me!!!!
After the flatiron I was told that was it.
The Brazilian Blowout Specialist explained that by leaving  the solution in my hair  it completely irritated my hair and caused the major peeling.
As soon as I hung up with them I called Debra from Pure Salon to tell her that she made a great mistake.
She completely denied it!
Saying she did rinse it out and put a masque in.
O.K  I think I would remember someone rinsing my hair out after a solution that totally turned my hairline red was in my hair.
It was like a bad dream.
I became very upset at the total dishonesty of this person.
I mean is she serious?
I asked for my money back.
She said she would have to consult the owner and call me back that evening.
She never called back that night or the next day.
For someone who wants new customers to come to her salon in my mind this is really bad business.
I just hope all my hair doesn't fall out of my head.

I had been doing all sorts of research about the Brazilian Blowout.
I was ready to get one when I found Pure Salon.
A mostly organic salon sounded perfect to me.
I have been a faithful user of non chemical products for a while.
The day of my appointment I was full of excitement for my hair to be tamed and silky.
Debra did my BB (Brazilian Blowout).
About a week and a half later I noticed my entire scalp is peeling like crazy.
It looks like really bad dandruff.
It was very tender and sore too.
Never in my life have I had dandruff or any sort of reaction to a product.
I have been dying my hair and putting treatments in since high school and have always been fine.
I called the salon and told them what happened.
I spoke with Debra.
She insisted that I call the Brazilian Blowout hotline and tell them what happened to me and offered me a deep conditioning treatment to help calm my scalp that burned.
I did call the company and when they were explaining the process of the Brazilian Blowout, and what the stylist should have followed I suddenly felt sick to my stomach.
The process is as follows.
First, wash hair with the anti residue shampoo.
Second, comb solution in hair.
Third, blow dry and flat iron hair.
Fourth, rinse out and put conditioning masque in.
Finally blow dry or air dry the hair.
The girl at the actual Brazilian Blowout company hotline explained to me that after the solution was flat ironed into my hair, it should have been rinsed out and a masque was to be put in.
That was never done to me!!!!
After the flatiron I was told that was it.
The Brazilian Blowout Specialist explained that by leaving the solution in my hair it completely irritated my hair and caused the major scalp peeling.
As soon as I hung up with them I called Debra from Pure Salon to tell her that she made a great mistake.
She completely denied it!
Saying she did rinse it out and put a masque in.
O.K  I think I would remember someone rinsing my hair out after a solution was in my hair.
It was like a bad dream.
I became very upset at the total dishonesty of this person.
I mean is she serious?
I asked for my money back.
She said she would have to consult the owner and call me back that evening.
She never called back that night or the next day.
It is now a week later and I still haven't heard form the salon.
Thank you for reading my story and I hope you too will realize that this salon did not apply the product or the service to the manufacturer's specifications.
I have spent over one hundred dollars trying to recover from their negligence.

A longtime client of Pure Salon!
Always used green cleaning products at home and have been concerned with healthy environment for myself and family.
Was thrilled when Pure completely switched to organic healthy products.
Have referred many friends here.

I went to Pure because I wanted an alternative to the Brazilian Blowout since it  had been proven to cause cancer.
I was so excited to find an organic process that could straighten my hair the way the BB had done.
The stylist did the organic process and within a few days my hair was so dry and damaged that I had to go to another stylist to have at least two inches trimmed off the bottom of my hair.
I would not go back to Pure.
The straightening product was a huge disappointment!
Below is a comment from the owner saying she has no record of my visit.
I was actually in the salon during the past 6 months and I would have NEVER called Pure for a trim, as I did not want to go back after they ruined my hair so badly.

Love the salon and the products as well as the clean and friendly setting.
I have always had problems with my hair being damaged by the coloring process but since I have been using Jacque and the organic products my hair has never been healthier.
Last month she did a Brazillian Blowout on my to help with my frizzy ends and it's wonderful!
I can blow my hair dry and it looks great.
They get my vote for the best thing to happen to my hair.

VERY clean and modern salon.
Friendly staff, great product, eco friendly, over all great experience!
HIGHLY reccomend.

A complete refund was given after months of battling through my credit card company who in the end sided with me.
The owner of this salon is a liar and a cheat.
I have since gotten several brazilian blowouts and never again had a reaction.
I had a reaction at this salon because of the incompetence of the person doing it.
SHE NEVER RINSED IT OUT!!!!!

I heard about this salon after hearing about their "clean air" concept.
I used to be a platinum high maintenance blond and had drastically cut back on coloring my hair because I was concerned about the chemicals and my health.
I had about two inch  roots and a lot of breakage.
I wanted to start highlighting and lowlighting and get away from base color all together.
I saw Debra who is super cute and suggested using non ammonia haircolor which is the type they use.
She informed me that I could still do basecolor with the non ammonia to keep the look I had before, but we decided to just highlight and lowlight since it's going into fall and salavage my hair into a bob.
I was still trying to understand how haircolor doesn't have ammonia!
She used a Yarouk (sp?
) treatment and I loooved the smell and the head massage was killer.
I finally relaxed for the first time in two weeks.
I look like Charlize Theron's little sister!
I'm sooo happy with my hair, it's soft and air dries with my curl (I hate blow dryers).
First good hair experience since moving to Arizona!

Had a bad experience here.
Deborah is very UNPROFESSIONAL, and has an attitude of "superiority.
"  Not the only natural nail salon in town!

