My golden retriever, Miller, (who turns 2 years old in April) has never been professionally groomed.
Back in San Diego he'd either get hosed off at Dog Beach in Coronado, or we'd humiliate him in front of his neighborhood friends by drenching him with the house hose outside of our garage.
His nails, and especially his dew claws, were starting to rival the talons sported by the fine women of MTV's Jersey Shore.
After a road trip to the snow for NYE and a long weekend of WWF-style wrestling matches with our friend's black lab, he was sufficiently grimy and I finally felt that paying a professional to clean him up was worth the loot.
Miller was the first appointment of Saturday morning.
The owner originally estimated 4 hours to get him all spiffied up, but she called in just 3 hours.
When I picked him up his personality was upbeat and he didn't bolt for the door like at the vet.
This leads me to believe a morning at the doggy spa was significantly less traumatizing than getting his regular shots, even with the pedicure.
The facilities were extremely clean and they did a wonderful job scrubbing down Miller.
4 stars only because I thought the grooming was on the pricey side when comparing with places like Petsmart.
But then again the intimate setting made me feel like it was probably a more calming experience than all of the action at a typical pet store.
And they even gave Miller a new toy as a parting gift!
I will definitely bring Miller back here again, but since he doesn't really require much fur styling like other breeds, another visit will probably have to wait until his nails grow out.

4 stars for the price, but overall great service and close to home....and you get a ribbon (girl) or bandana (boy) for your dog!
They always do a good job with my dog (Shih tzu) and they pay enough attention that they told me once that my dog had an ear infection.
Petsmart always disappointed me with the Way they treated my dog and the sloppy work they do.

I have taken my little maltipoo to these guys for the past 9 months.
She is always cut perfectly and they don't use scented products on her, per my request.
They do take their time with their grooms, so don't expect to pick your dog up on your schedule... they get them done when they get them done... and I have had to wait more than a couple hours AFTER they said they would be done.
I gave them the five stars for the quality of their work, and attention to detail with the cuts.

I have been taking my adorable malti-chon for three years to Cristina.
I am really happy with the work.
Cristina is excellent at what she does.I was hesitant about writing this review but I was not happy with our last grooming appointment.
My dog had a 9:00 am appointment and was the last dog out at...6:00 pm.
That is nine hours!!
My dog was in a cage for nine hours.
No bathroom??
No food??
Water??
Because I do like the Cristinas work, I would still consider taking her there again....But, when I kindly asked, "Why did she take so long?
"  She answered me with an attitude, "Well, your dog does not come here regularly and when she does come in.......She is a mess!!!
... and I was alone today!.
"  I smiled, took my dog and walked away after paying her and giving her a tip.
Well, I take my dog regularly to be groomed.
She is white and I like her clean.
I also take her to a closer place just for baths in between her appointments.
I do travel and have taken her twice to other places when I have been out of town.
Regardless of any of that, I felt she was rude, had an attitude and quite frankly, chose to leave my dog for last.
I don't think she was working on my dog for 9 hours??
She waited to do her last!
She is not the closest groomer to my house, but I have been happy with her work.
I don't care how good her work is if my dog is going to be left locked in a cage for nine hours and obviously had ill feelings...she seemed so resentful.
I wished things had not gone this way.

Love this place!
We have taken our furry son here for the last 6 months and everytime he comes out awesome!
The staff is super friendly and always a joy to work with.
We even moved away from the area and continue to go back.
Thanks again Canine Design, Kai came out lookin handsome today once again.

WHAT I SAW I WILL NEVER FORGIVE THESE TERRIBLE PEOPLE FOR!!
My mom has several dogs, small and large and she raves about the service, their patience & especially the way they treat her dogs at this canine design, I did not experience this at all.
I have a puppy Pomeranian and a very very old mixed dog, I will never return to this TERRIBLE GROOMER EVER AGAIN.
When I took my old dog he came back looking great a couple hours later seemed happy, everything was great.
I took my puppy, he has NEVER been professionally groomed before.
After 4 hours I started to panic and call them because I hadn't heard about my small dog, they said they were having a it of trouble (he does have an attitude like a lot of little dogs) I profusely apologized and they insisted it would be at least a couple more hours.
For a 2 pound Pomeranian I was shocked.
I called and hour and a half later and they said 15 minutes, I was excited to see what he looked like so I zipped over there with 5 minutes to spare.
I walked in to my dog completely missing no one in the front or visibly in the back.
So I waited a minute or two before they walked out of some room in the back and put my dog on the table.
He was afraid of the fan they had on him and was squirming I saw this old blonde man hold my 2 pound Pomeranian by his neck (not like a mother does to her puppies, like he was trying to strangle him) and scream "I've had it with you, I'm done you're going to behave now!!
" As he hit my dog.
If that's service you guys should be shot.
Seriously the worst thing I've ever seem anyone do they continued yelling at my helpless dog, HITTING HIM OVER AND OVER AGAIN, until I got him.
You're lucky you even got f**cking paid.
He continued to tell me "they only had 2 people today & within the 20 years he's worked there he has never needed 2 groomers to work on a Pom.
" And a bunch of other just rude remarks.
I couldn't even pay attention because while he was talking to me the blonde owner was YELLING AT MY DOG HOLDING HIM BY HIS NECK!
Screaming "behave!
" He was giving her kisses and crying so loud.
I've never heard my Pom cry like that.
You guys obviously were overwhelmed and didn't need my dog, I'll make sure no one else who cares about the treatment of their pet gets it groomed here.
I forgot to mention my pom was the last pet there and he was extremely dehydrated and hungry from when I dropped him off at 9 that morning.
No parting gift, nothing but rude remarks and an attitude.

