I hired the Glamsquad to do hair and make up for my Bellagio wedding on 8/8/08, the craziest and busiest wedding day of the year.
I was so lucky to have booked James and his staff when I did or I would have been stuck with the makeup and hair stylists at the hotel.
The staff did a FABULOUS job.
They were worth every single penny and more.
Seriously, James is an artist.
He made me look and feel glam on my wedding day.
He has an awesome resume and has done work around the world especially with major Hollywood celebrities like J.
Lo and Celine Dion.
Can't decide if you want to do air brush makeup?
DO IT!
The staff at the Glamsquad are experts.
Air brush makeup doesn't make you look 'plastic'.
Your makeup stays on for hours.
Las Vegas brides, hire the Glamsquad.
They're the best!

After hearing from so many brides that "getting your hair and makeup done is SO expensive!
" I was a little apprehensive about finding something affordable (and who would do a great job) all the way from Texas from my wedding in Las Vegas.
After a little Yelping magic, I came across the Glam Squad and booked them quickly and easily.
On the day of my wedding, Aaron, the hair stylist shows up first (oh yeah, did I mention I didn't even have to go anywhere and they came to my hotel room?).
He had already read what I sent over to them and described to me perfectly what I had imagined my wedding hair to look like.
He was spunky and fun and did an amazing job.
Then James shows up to do my airbrushed makeup and it was like a whirlwind of celebrity treatment and he was also amazing!
He also did a great job and I loved his personality.
The only "complaint" I could have is that during the reception dinner, my eyelashes started to fall off.
Thankfully I didn't leave home without my mascara so I was able to easily rip them off and reapply some mascara and I was good to go.
They looked beautiful while they lasted, at least!
I'd hire them in a heartbeat again.
Who cares about getting married!
Planning a girl's trip to Vegas and want to get glammed up?
Call the Glam Squad!

The best service I could possibly imagine!
James and the The Glamsquad are amazing!
I wish I lived near them to get my makeup and hair done all the time, they made me feel amazing!
On top of that, they had fantastic and fun personalities!
If you are getting married or need makeup/hair done please call the Glamsquad - their prices are super reasonable!

I had bought a groupon for Kim Vo Salon for makeup application specifically for NYE and was told when I called that they never honor any specials on special occasions.
I kind of wondered why anyone would spend boo koos of money on getting their makeup done just for kicks (but then again I don't work in the industry so maybe the VIP girls put this sort of investment in their appearance).
Anyways, I was seriously bummed and figured that Id be on my own once again.
However, I did a little yelping to see if there were any other options.
I went into it thinking everyone was probly booked up already and wouldnt have any extra time for a slacker like myself but I was wrong.
I called the girls and they made an appointment with me for 330pm on that Saturday (NYE2011) and at first I was like.... 330?
really?
makeup never lasts that long for me; maybe this isn't a good idea.
I made another phone call to them and asked them just how long this airbrush makeup would last (considering its so thin and airy I figured with my oily skin no time at all and I would have paid this money for nothing).
I was put at ease when I was told it would last 12-15 hours.
AMAZING!
The Glam squad came to my hotel, we were done in 30 minutes and the look was amazing.
I did the smokey night out sorta look and I have to say I looked quite a bit younger as well.
It was amazing and I would suggest this to anyone who is going to be doing something where they will be having quite a few pictures done (meaning its not just for weddings and the VIP hostess girls).
I love these guys, they were super friendly and played with my dog to keep her from running out of the room as we were doing the airbrush.
The price was reasonable, the scheduling was awesome and I looked great even at brunch and dinner the next day :-)

I was a little nervous about booking glamsquad because their website pictures are a little dated, however the positive reviews online reassured me.
I cannot tell you how happy I was with my hair and makeup!
They did an amazing job.
I had two ceremonies, so I used them for the first ceremony and the next day went to the spa at the Cosmopolitan which was a huge waste of money.
They cost twice as much and glamsquad was SOOOOO much better!
Amazing service, thank you so much!

Glamsquad made me look better than I could ever have imagined!
James is amazing, seriously, an artist.
I was nervous about hiring them for my wedding day from 3000 miles away but the chapel highly recommended them and I am so glad I listened.
They came right to my room and were fast but not rushed in any way.
Thank you glamsquad!
Please let me know if you ever move to Washington DC :)

My appointment was booked through the wedding chapel but I did do some due diligence before deciding to proceed with Glamsquad.
I saw that Glamsquad got really good reviews and called around other places and noted that they were considerably more expensive.
Nisha arrived at my hotel room about 30 minutes early for our 11am appointment time.
She indicated that they often come in pairs but Nisha came solo that day but she's apparently a whiz with both hair and makeup.
It took about 45 minutes for her to do the makeup application and 30 minutes for hair.
I'm not used to wearing any makeup and it did feel little heavy on my face but it looked great live and in pictures.
I have a lot of freckles and the foundation she used really blended well with my skin tone and evened out my complexion.
I'm also wary of fake eyelashes but she trimmed them so they would blend in more and look more natural.
I wanted to look like myself - just a better version of me - and Nisha accomplished that objective.
For my bridal hairstyle, I wanted a half updo and Nisha achieved exactly the look I was envisioning...maybe even better!
It looked great from all angles.
My hair was swept to one side with twisted sections of hair and then Nisha used 1-inch iron to loosely curl the hair.
I have lots of thick, long hair so extensions were not needed.
The finishing touch was some kind of hair gel or balm that made my hair look shiny.
The makeup and hair even held on for evening reception with some minor touch ups.
The ceremony was at 2pm and we had about an hour photo session outdoors afterwards in the sweltering June Las Vegas heat.
I even took a dip in the hotel pool in the afternoon (of course I kept my head and hair above water).
I am so happy with the entire experience and results.
The only recommendation I have is for them to update their website because it really doesn't do them justice.

James came out to do my hair and makeup (with his assistance, but I can't remember his name) and they both did fantastic work!!
I had some pictures to give them an idea for the hair style I wanted for my wedding day.
They were quick to set up in the hotel room, did a beautiful job with hair and makeup - it was all done in just about an hour.
James are incredibly friendly, explained what he was doing and really had an excellent 'bed side manner' - I felt so glamorous and pampered for my wedding!
If you're thinking about getting your hair and makeup done for any occasion - I would highly recommend Glamsquad!

Amazing!
Worth every penny I paid to make me gorgeous for my wedding day!
I booked an appointment with Glamsquad when I knew I would rather have the makeup and hair come to ME on my wedding day.
I am so thrilled I went with Glamsquad.
They arrived on time, were very nice, and they even added on doing my mother's hair even though we had originally only planned to have her makeup done.
Three gentleman arrived to work on myself, my two nieces, my mother, and my sister.
First went my little nieces who got cute updos and age apropriate makeup for the day.
My sister had her hair and makeup done as well.
My hairstylist also did my airbrush makeup and it was phenomenal!
I must say the airbrush is totally worth it, especially if you are the bride, because you will have so many pictures taken on your wedding day.
My skin looked almost flawless in all my pics, even though I had been stressing and breaking out before the wedding.
I can't give enough thanks to Glamsquad for making me beautiful on my wedding day and for making my sister, mother, and nieces look gorgeous too.
Seriously ladies, if you want to look good on your wedding day go with Glamsquad!

Thank you for making me look amazing on my wedding day (12/29/2012)!!
The two ladies who came to do my hair and makeup were professional and sweet the whole time and made me feel relaxed during the make over process!
Thank you!

Glamsquad was recommended by our chapel (A Elvis Chapel), so I decided to try them out.
We were doing a funny themed vow renewal (10 years!
), so I wanted to make sure they could do flapper hair.
They were very nice and helpful through the entire booking process.
They asked if I had any pictures of a style I liked, so I sent it right over.
My mom is a hairdresser and this was the first time I have had someone other than her touch my hair (I am 31!
), so I was super nervous in addition to the wedding jitters!
On the day of, 2 ladies arrived at my hotel room and were sweet as can be.
They made me feel very comfortable, which was quite an accomplishment!
We had a big giggle while they were there because a bunch of ice fell down the side of the Luxor pyramid and banged hard on the window (we were right in front of it!
) It scared everyone and we all jumped!
If the mood wouldn't have been great already, that would have certainly done it!
Now on to the hair...they took the hair style pic I sent them and improved on it!
It was absolutely beautiful!
My husband said "I wish you could wear your hair that way every day" which might not be a compliment now that I think about it :) If you are looking for a great place in Vegas that will come to you, Glamsquad is highly recommended by me!
I have added pics of my hair.
Just look for the red flapper!

I live locally, but I wanted to avoid going to a salon for hair and makeup on my wedding day so I booked The Glamsquad.
Oh my goodness!
Where do I begin?
How do I even describe how amazing The Glamsquad made my wedding day?!
As soon as The Glamsquad walked through the hotel door, my wedding day went from chaotic to calm.
The entire staff arrived prepared.
I got my hair and makeup done by James who made me feel like a million bucks walking down the aisle.
I want to thank The Glamsquad for making my wedding day not only special, but unforgettable.
I would definitely recommend The Glamsquad for your big day!

You will not be disappointed!
I loved the outcome.
My hair and makeup was flawless.
The attention to detail was wonderful.
Elise was so great.
Her follow up was great and they were able to fit me in to their busy schedule.
I will be recommending them to everyone!
They are really reasonably priced as well.
There are much more expensive people out here in Vegas, but they are not as talented as this team!

I am over the moon happy with the hair and makeup on my wedding day (4/27/13) provided by Glamsquad!
I basically picked them out via Yelp (based on reviews) and could not have picked a better company.
The two girls (I am so sad that I forgot their names) came in and got down to business right away.
I showed them what I wanted and they replicated both the hair and makeup flawlessly.
Great personalities and super friendly, they made the whole stress-filled process enjoyable.
The cutest part of the whole process was when the main girl would give random service-related compliments.
An example was "Wow, she has a perfectly straight eyelid line so we can use the strip eyelashes".
Haha, I'll take it!
I'm proud of my eyelid lines....
The whole booking process was easy as well and the deposit is only $25 per person.
The remainder is due at the time of service in cash.
Thanks Glamsquad for making my wedding day so special!!!!

I booked the Glamsquad for my hair and make up with my wedding package at The Chapel of The Flowers on 6/8/13.
They came to my hotel room and were just amazing.
They were professional, knowledgeable , fast and sweet girls.
I had one small concern and called to talk to the owner.
Never in my wildest dreams did I expect such a caring, concerned, and  honorable person on the other end and he handled my concern with such high regard and respect.
I would highly advise anyone to use this company.
It is well worth the money to have them pamper you and make sure you look your best on the most important day.
I would use them again in a heart beat.
Kelly N.

Thank you to James and Alex for making me look absolutely beautiful on my wedding day (7/16/13).
It had been a very long time since I had been to Vegas and wasn't sure of where I would go to get my hair and makeup done.
Since we were driving from Colorado with limited time and not knowing the area I had no idea what to do.
I spotted Glamsquad on the internet and thought this is awesome!!
I booked with them right away!
The prices are so affordable and well worth it.
James and Alex were so passionate about what they were doing it even made me think that I should revisit my passions in life.
Working in the customer service field, customer service is so important to me, these guys and their company are excellent.
From the first email to several others ( I am extremely detail oriented) they were upbeat and proffessional.
I could not wait to have the service done!!!
Long story short, this experience was by far worth it and besides marrying my best friend, the best part of the day!!
Thanks guys, you rock!

I am very happy with the hair and makeup!
They made me look so beautiful on my wedding day.The two girls who did my hair, and make up where so nice and friendly!
( Sorry that I cant remember your names all I know is that they where both natives of Hawaii) I recommend them 100% you will not regret it worth every Penny!

I really hate having to rate my experience as two stars, but I just have to.
My wedding was on August 23 and my appointment was scheduled between 4:30-5:00PM.
I think her name was Elise that was the first to show up.
She had called to let me know she was running a little late because of traffic, which I can understand.
She got there about 5:20ish.
Alex came in after and started my makeup.
I LOVE him.
Oh my gosh, if it wasn't for my experience specifically with him, I would've given this one star.
He was so funny and really just.. perfect, honestly.
Elise had left as soon as she was done putting my hair in curlers and fixing up my mom's.
Alex couldn't finish my hair because he didn't have the supplies to, and kept calling and texting James to see what was up.
He told me James was on his way because he finishes all the brides.
I had specifically told them when I made my appointment that my wedding was at 8, but the limo was picking me up at 7.
James literally didn't show up to finish my hair until 6:55.
We were staying at the MGM, so by the time we got to the valet and limo line, I was late for my limo, along with my entire bridal party.
Not to mention my hair literally fell down within an hour.
I was just REALLY disappointed because A.
) they were extremely late, B.
) It was a ton of money that I wasted and C.) the reviews are SO good.
Why did I have such a terrible experience?
And no one called or E-mailed me after to apologize for any of it.
My makeup was fabulous- but that's specifically because of Alex.

Absolutely amazing!!!
My MOH said it right- "a whirlwind of fabulous!
" These guys have makeup and hair down to a science.
They came to my hotel on time and I have never seen anyone work that fast.
Hair and makeup was done in about 25 minutes.
It definitely didn't feel rushed, though- these guys are just that good.
James did my hair and makeup.
I showed him a picture of hair I wanted and he delivered it exactly.
I went with air brush makeup and added lashes and told him I wanted a more natural look- basically a better version of myself.
He did exactly that and my makeup stayed fresh until 1am that night!!
(They came over at 11am!).
I got a ton of compliments.
They are worth every penny.
They are fun to chat with too.
Fun fact- on a slow day they see 30 brides!!!!
On busy days close to 60.
That goes to show how fast and efficient these guys are.
I was so impressed.
Thanks for making me feel beautiful on my special day!

This team was AMAZING.
I loved my hair and makeup and my goodness, the work they did on my MOM!!!!
My dad's jaw literally dropped.
lol.
(They are divorced, so it was hilarious to see his reaction) They were on time and professional.
They took all our ideas and pictures and worked with us.
They were hilarious and wonderful.
I think at one point i said my eyelashes feel weird... and he goes, "explain weird".
He was perfect and helpful and didn't laugh at my questions or weird requests :) :) I would ABSOLUTELY recommend them for your wedding!!!!

The glam squad, James and his crew, are just fabulous.
I got married 11/20/13 and had my hair & makeup done by James.
My fiancée and I were blown away by how stunning I looked on my wedding day.
I am so thankful to have had James and his crew be a part of my special day.
I highly (wish there was more than 5 stars) recommend the glam squad!!

Glamsquad did a great job with my hair & make-up!
Selena arrived first (and on time) to my hotel to do my hair.
She worked so quickly I was shocked (and I've had my hair done tons of times).
James and a make-up assistant (I forget his name) arrived while Selena was finishing my hair.
They were awesome and hilarious!!
I requested airbrush make-up and lash extentions.
Both came out flawless along with the make-up.
I highly recommend all of them if you want an extra special look for your event!

Thank you so much @glamsquad702events for an amazing job!
Everything was perfect and you guys are awesome!
They did my hair and makeup perfectly and hassle free.
I came late but they never rushed me.
They were nice and really accommodating.
I just gave them an idea on how i want to look and they did their own magic!
Thank you so much :-)

Absolutely amazing!
I would give them 100 stars if I could..5 just isn't enough!!
I got my hair and make up done for every day I was in Vegas.
No real reason, I wanted to treat myself.
Each day my hair was different and my eyes a little more dramatic.
They even helped me with my dress since I was having some issues with it fitting.
Everyone was great.
So friendly and funny!
I loved sitting there chatting while getting my hair and make up feeling all glamorous and important!
They were so professional and I loved how my hair and make up turned out every day.
I wish much success for James, Alex and Marvin and the rest of the squad.
When I am in Vegas again (probably another 3 years)  I will def be looking them up and doing this again.

Thank you so much Glam Squad.
I completed my research prior to getting married on 7/7 and this place came highly recommended.
This was the first time that I had my hair and makeup done professionally and I LOVED it.
Alex did my hair and it was FABULOUS!
James did my makeup and I was stunning.
My husband even cried when he saw me walk down the aisle.
One of the best experiences to one of the best days in my life.

