This store is an absolute joke!!
I tried to purchase a hand bag from them 2 weeks ago, and today I finally emailed them to cancel the order.
They said I provided incorrect information as to my adress relating to my credit card, however looking at my order summary that they email me, this is untrue.
I called dozens of times and no one ever answered.
I left messages every time and no one ever called me back.
They fianlly emailed me a week later (after I had emailed twice) saying why they hadn't processed my order... the BS about incorrect information.
So i retyped my information and emailed them back.
Now another week later and a few calls later, oh yeah and two more emails, I finally canceled the order.
They are completly inept at running a business!
Never purchase ANYTHING from this website or store!!!!!!!
TRUST ME YOU WILL REGRET IT!

Had the same experience as Mackenzie E. Called them in advance before I placed an order for a rockabilly blouse - never received a call back.
Against my better judgment, I ordered the item anyway from their website.
Received order conf.
number, but no tracking information for the item or anything.
Two weeks passed, no sign of the blouse.
I have called 3 additional times and left messages - no one ever answers.
Also sent an email inquiring as to whether they are still in business and no sign of life.
Very scary that these people have my credit card info!
Absolutely the worst business I have ever dealt with.
I am ready to report them to the BBB (if they're even still in business).

I do not even think this is a real shop!
My boyfriend purchased a Betty Page dress for me as a surprise for a wedding we were going to about a month and half early!
He finally told me when it never came.
I asked him to pull up the tracking info.
There was no tracking info I do not even think there was a confirmation number, just to be expecting the shipment in 3-5 days.
He called, I called.
NO ANSWER.
Left multiple voice mails and emails.
He finally had to contact his back to get his money back!
This was back in August 2011.
I just came across their website again today and wanted to share!
DO NOT BUY FROM THEM!

