its not the best but also not the worst.
it gets a little pricey when you order by dish, but the lunch specials are reasonably priced.
if you are expecting gourmet chinese then this is not the place for you.
the rice is dry and the food is okay.
nothing real special.
customer service is good.
very friendly family.

Neigbors had recommended Rose Garden so we ordered take-out last night.
What a disappointment.
Lemon chicken was thin and breaded (not battered) and deep fried with orange sauce - tasteless and gritty.
Hot and sour soup tasted smoky and awful and went into the sink.
Schewan was described as "not too spicy" and was so hot it was not edible.
Fried rice was good.
They forgot the curry puffs and we got a double order of cheese wontons (strange things these).
Would not recommend and will not go back.
The people were friendly, the place is clean and prices are good.
Just not what we think of as 'good' food.

Rose Garden Chinese is located in "sleepy" downtown Henderson.
I was hungry for Chinese food for lunch and having had some bad experiences I'm always on the lookout for new places to try.
Parking is on the street, and without a lot of people around I didn't have to park but 3 spaces from the door.
Stepping inside you'll find a clean but yet a little bit dated restaurant that does offer plenty of space.
Service was prompt and attentive without being overbearing.
My menu was on my table in under 60 seconds, I had my order taken in under 3.
They have lunch specials and I ordered Kung Pao Chicken, Egg Flower Soup (aka Egg Drop Soup), and it came with an egg roll and a wonton.
While I waited on my food I looked around.
The place had several older couples and a noisy group from Chicago in there that were almost finished and were leaving.
On the table they had Kimlan soy sauce but they didn't have any sugar, just packets of Sweet N Low.
I thought that was kind of odd as usually you get a choice.
They also left the regular menu on the table and I took a look.
The back cover says they don't use MSG.
I took a picture of that as well as I hate MSG.
My Egg Flower soup arrived and while hot, it was nothing special either.
Lots of crunchy noodles were sacrificed in order to make it workable.
The food arrived fairly quickly and it was hot.
Not pepper hot, I'm talking physical temperature wise.
Kinda made me suspect microwave usage but I can't confirm that.
I snapped a picture of the plate...fried rice on the side, Kung Pao chicken on the other so you can see what I had in front of me.
One thing I look at with Kung Pao Chicken is the celery / filler to meat ratio.
This plate ended up having a bit more celery than I like to see.
Also it's not Kung Pao anything without peppers, and the plate was a little skimpy on the peppers.
I counted the equivalent of 2 peppers.
It should have been at least double that.
The egg roll was no better than the stuff you'll find at Vons in the frozen food section.
But the deep fried wonton was not good.
It had very little filling, and what was there just didn't taste good at all.
I didn't spit it out but the thought crossed my mind.
As I finished up I put my debit card out on the table and not long afterward a man approached and said their credit card machine was down.
I ended up paying with cash, but in this day and age there's really no reason to not have up to date and working payment systems in place, even for a small business.
Overall....if I find myself in downtown Henderson and hungry during the week I would consider coming here again.
3 stars: For a lunch special the price is perfect.
And they only charged $.99 for a soft drink which is almost unheard of in the land of $2 and UP for the same thing elsewhere.
Note: They don't take checks (checks are evil anyway) and they do offer a limited selection of beer, wine, and sake is mentioned too on the card on the table.
Also if you want to see if a place is kept clean, just look up.
The air vents in this place were clean...which is a sign of attention to detail.

We eat at a lot of different restaurants, of all flavors.
This is a great little restaurant for families and folks looking for great service at a great price.
All we needed to do was to ask for a change and abracadabra, it was done.
This is not a place to take your rich relatives, or especially those that are wannabe's, but for a good Chinese meal where your kids are OK, this is a great choice.

Food is good and the lunch specials are at a great price.
I usually get the beef and broccoli when I come for lunch.

We were in Henderson for 3 nights.
Found the Rose Garden online.
It is on a side street and not in a new, fancy area.
BUT the food was absolutely wonderful!
My husband ordered  Chicken Kon Po and I ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken.
I was delighted when it arrived and had the goodies that restaurants use to serve: the yummy sauce, peppers, onions,carrots and pineapple!
And such a nice presentation on a tray.
The restaurant is older but nice inside and the staff was very gracious.
We live in N.C.  and will probably never get here again but that will be our loss.

Ah, sitting alone in an empty restaurant while listening to Christmas music and eating crappy Chinese food.
Ya gotta love the holidays.
I'm sorry, but when the crunchy noodles that come free with the meal are the best part of the meal, then you've got a problem.

