And on the 8th day, god created... the bobbie.
That's how awesome it is.
Awesome in its taste, awe-inspiring in its simplicity.
Awe-inspiring awesomeness.
Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo in a sub roll.
So good I've had it three days in a row.
My only complaint is that it takes a while to make their sandwiches, so it's best to call ahead if you can and pick it up.
It would also be cool if you could substitute mashed potatoes and gravy for the stuffing.

Dear Capritotti's,  Your sandwiches are unbelievable and I think I may have to confirm an obsession for The Bobbie and Hot Sausage grinder.
All of the employees that work at this location are super friendly and one is a Red Sox fan.
(which completely made my day as I was paying with my red sox credit card)  If you are looking for a great sub with great people making them, hit up Cap's over on Blue Diamond in between Buffalo and Durango.

Great food and service.
Only thing is it's a bit small.
It was busy but that's always a good sign for any business and a good problem to have :)

This one is the closest to my house but they are all the same.
Before the new management took over the company and started sprouting shops all across the western US, Capriottis was THE best sandwich shop in Vegas.
I am ashamed to say that while going to UNLV, I never once visited the Capriottis next to the campus.
Had I know what was 'so great about some small sandwich shop', my college years would have been much happier.
Anyways, the sandwiches are amazing.
My favorites are the Capastrami and the famous Bobbie.
If your looking for THE best hot sandwich in the world, get the Capastrami.
Its loaded with pastrami and cheese, and topped with coleslaw and russian dressing ...
RIDICULOUS!
As far as cold sandwiches are concerned, nothing compares to the Bobbie.
Its filled with pulled turkey meat (white and dark), stuffing, and cranberry sauce.
Order the small and you'll be surprised by the nine inch sandwich they give you.
Looking for a food coma?
order the 20" large.
The guys and gals working are always fun, yelling "beer money guys!
" everytime patrons leave them a tip.
There is so much more to this little sandwich shop that I can't even begin to scratch the surface.
The bread is amazing, the sandwich selections are vast and mouth-watering, the atmosphere is great, and the prices are great.
Like I said, BEST in LAS VEGAS!!!

My sister introduced me to this place.
Probably some of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
The Capastrami is so good!
I was in Vegas for 8 days and I visited three times.
Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be there!

Capastrami is on point and I made the mistake of going with my favorite of Meatball which was good, but missed out on trying the Bobbie, which I am disappointed in myself for not stepping outside my comfort zone.
All good though because next time I am in Las Vegas I want to try The Bobbie for sure.

I love Capriottis, but I don't love their service.
They say they offer delivery, but both times we tried getting it, we were denied.
The first time we called, they said they stopped delivering an hour before close.
We called about an hour and fifteen minutes before close.
I get that that's cutting it close, but if they meant an hour and fifteen minutes, they should say so, and write it on their menu (which doesn't mention the "hour rule.
") We ended up driving there and ordering.
They didn't have any vegetarian turkey.
):   The second time we tried calling, we called well before close, but they said they didn't have a delivery driver.
Do they mean EVER?
Is there only ONE person who can drive a car with sandwiches?
What happens if their cook calls out--do they just shut the store down for the day?
Overall, I'm not impressed.
Their sandwiches are good, but their service is terrible.
They should just eliminate delivery entirely because it seems they already have...

What more can be said about Capriotti's that has not already been stated.
A staple in our house, our go-to sandwich shop, right by the house, check, check and check.
Favorites: Cheesesteak Chicken Cheesesteak... mushrooms?
Yes please!
Cole Turkey Classic Turkey  The problem is that I love these four so much that I find it hard to stray from them to try something else.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it!
Fresh bread, fresh ingredients, ok service, those tasty bundt cakes, salt and vinegar chips.
Winner.
Count me in.

This is my local Capriottis and I try to dine here at least once a week!!!
The folks are always very accommodating and not afraid to spice things up for me (literally).
Calling in orders is great when you're on the go and the survey for $3 off on the next visit within 30 days makes it really affordable!

YUMMM!
After reading the reviews on yelp, I decided to go here since its right outside the neighborhood.
I got the bobbie, capistrami, and the cheesesteak.
I sampled each one and my favorite was hands down the capistrami.
The other sandwiches did not disappoint either and I will definitely be coming back!

I walk in.
I'm not greeted at all.
I walk up to the counter trying to take a order.
And I'm ignored... Other people walk in and are greeted and they get there orders taken before me.
Before I even came to the store I decided to call them to check what time they close.
I already knew from the tone of her voice that she was impolite.
But, I didn't expect her to be this way in person.
After today, I think I'll travel somewhere else to get my sandwiches.
Regardless if your busy or not.
Greet and assist your customers.

Haiku Review: Installment 74  Oh Capriottis, Your steak sandwich makes me smile.
I love buns n' meat.

Stopped by once to grab some sandwiches dinner time and they were closed.
Not sure why they keep shortened hours but I was in the mood for a Bobbie and had to settle for some KFC next door,

Great location.
The people here are all super nice.
If you haven't had the Veggie cheesesteak, do yourself a favor and try it.
Just as good as the regular cheesesteak.

Good local sub shop.

They're everywhere so I never really paid too much attention to it.
I tried it at Red Rock Casino after a good hike and damn have I been missing out!
Tried the Philly Cheese and it straight hit the spot and then I convinced myself maybe it was because I was just really hungry, reason why it tasted so good so I tried it again a week later but this time it was the MeatBall sub......damn exact same reaction, like the best fight scene action in my tummy ain't no lie like some bad actin', so good got me rappin like 2short about hoes and ass smackin' not selfish in packin' buns with meat, so if you ready to eat, get off your feet and head to Capriotti's cuz they got different subs for everybody!
Yea it's that good but prepare to pay above of what you normally pay for at Subway.
And oh they deliver too.
Well where I'm from (SW Vegas) they do.

So my girl was craving capriotti's.
I got the capapastrami and it was awful.
They forgot the Russian dressing and the coleslaw was blend.
Capriotti's used to be good but I guess people don't care about their jobs anymore.
Never eating here again.

Bad.
Ass.
Sandwiches!
If you're looking for a downright phenomenal sammie, go here now!
Capriotti's has been knocking it out of the park in Vegas for Decades.
I love this place!

I come here for the famous Bobbie.
It's thanksgiving in a sandwich.
The best part is that it's available all year round and you don't have to slave in the kitchen for hours.
When i'm craving a hot sandwich the cheese steak with mushrooms, onions, and peppers has never disappointed me.
Just today I decided to switch it up and got the chicken cheese steak and  I didn't regret my choice.
This location is across the street from my apartment.
I can make it there and back in my apartment in 15 minutes enjoying my sandwich.
So needless to say I have been to this location many times.
Friendly, courteous, clean and speedy staff.
What more can you ask for in your neighborhood sandwich shop.
There was this one occasion though that they were so speedy when I got home and opened up that butcher paper I found a Bobbie massacre.
The cranberry sauce ratio to sandwich was ridiculous it was a red mess.
I have since forgiven them and have been back.
But watch your consistency and we'll have a long and happy relationship.

Way better than subway and port of subs.
The capistrami is the best!
Their Bobby sandwhich would be awesome if you could add gravy!
(hint, hint)

I love this place!
its small but its well maintained and the people who works here are very nice!
I ordered the bobbie, and is a very high quality sub!
I always come here when Im craving for turkey!

First time costumer and had a small capistrami.
the sandwich was huge, and with a bag of chips and a small soda, it was more than enough for lunch.
I have to say the bread that they use for their sandwich is pretty bomb.
Will be coming back here.

Very slow, but well worth the wait.
The staff is friendly and prices are reasonable.
When the food arrives it is excellent!

good food but pricey sandwiches.
Ordered the large Philly Cheese steak, asked me what i wanted on the sandwich, i asked what comes on it, evidently only meat and cheese.
I told them everything, which includes mushrooms, onions and peppers.
After getting the bill the mushrooms were a $1 extra which was never said, the sandwich ended up being almost $15.
I have had better subs for even less money.
Would I go again?
not likely.
The search for better and less cost continues :)

Editors note:  you will more than likely learn nothing from the following review:  I've been a fan of Capriottis ever since college when I'd often walk over to their location on Maryland right next to UNLV for lunch.
Immediately I was smitten with all of the specialty subs like the Slaw Be Jo (Roast Beef with Cole Slaw), the Bobbie (Thanksgiving on a sub), and the Capastrami (Pastrami and Cole Slaw).
Eventually I branched out to become a fan of their cheesesteaks, the grilled italian, and their normal roasted turkey sandwich (I personally enjoy their turkey subs more than any other chain).
Lately this is my location of choice as it's conveniently on the way to a friend's house that I spend a lot of time watching football or playing videogames or doing things I should have stopped doing when I was 21 or younger.
So for a while I mixed things up every time I went.
One week I'd get the Capastrami (almost always excellent), the next I might get the Bobbie (kinda burnt myself out on these a few years back, but every once in a while I go back), etc.
Lately my vice is the cheesesteak with hot peppers.
My dad is from Philly and I've been back to Philly and had genuine Philly cheesesteaks with his family there, and I gotta say this is not nearly as good as some of the ones I had there, naturally.
I do think that it holds its own, but I'm not one of those who is obsessed with finding a perfect version of regional favorites.
Sure I'd love a more authentic tasting cheesesteak, but I'm not going to knock a place like Capriottis who can get me to what I consider close enough for $8.
So yeah, the quality at this location is pretty standard to other locations I've had.
I've never really had a bad sandwich from here.
The roast beef at most locations, including this one has seemed a little dry/tough to me.
It still tastes really good, but I prefer a softer/moister version.
Service is always fine and take-out orders are usually ready quickly which is a bonus.
One knock against several locations, and not just this one, is I've noticed there seems to be a lack of desire to deliver.
I can't really blame them because I usually am the lazy jackass on the other end of the line who doesn't want to leave the house to pick them up, so it's like a tug of war of laziness that results.
The only difference is several of these locations actually advertise delivery and then seem to always have an excuse or not want to do it unless it's an extremely large order.
To be fair, I haven't tried to arrange delivery from this one in a while, so maybe they've changed, I usually just go with takeout now.
Yeah, they won the lazy tug of war.

Fast and right by the house :)

DON'T EVER EAT HERE!!!!!!
I'm not a person who writes bad reviews but, I am so upset at what just happened!!!
I've tried this place multiple times, and every time its been mediocre.
Today was the last straw, I had to wait 30 MINUTES for just 3 sandwiches.
All the while everyone else that ordered after me got their sandwiches.
I had to stand up to remind them that i was still there, i swear they forgot.
By the time i got my sandwich, it had been sitting there and was all soggy!!!!!
Not only that, it's necessary to order double toppings because they are so cheap they will literally sprinkle on 3 shards of lettuce and call it finished.
There is one guy there that can competently make a sandwich correctly, but I think they fired him because he put too many toppings on the sandwich god forbid.
The bread isn't even the same there, it's like some shitty cheap bread.
Do yourself a favor, don't go to this cappriottis, it's like the reject one that nobody cares about.
I'm going to the one in southern highlands from now on........

Oh Capriotti's you've been disappointing me lately.
I have always been a fan since I tasted my first sandwich several years ago when I moved to Las Vegas.
However for the past several months this location specifically has been getting skimpier and skimpier on their meat.
I'm a simple turkey sandwich on wheat girl and when I first started ordering these a few years ago there was so much turkey on them it continually fell off.
That's not a problem for me!
However the last few months I have noticed there is less and less meat and the topper today was when I got my sandwich and about 30% of my bread wasn't even covered.
I hope you get it together since your right in my neighborhood.

First time had the cheese-steak with mushrooms, loved it.
Perfect combo of meat and cheese on a soft bun.
And the small is PLENTY!
Cant wait to try more.
Also Fast service, and even after i drove home the sub was still too hot to eat.

Their crushed red pepper is the best!
If you're going to get a sub from here make sure you get it with the crushed peppers-so spicy and delicious!
My favorite sub is the turkey although most people like the bobbie.

A little fancier type of Subway with better value than Quiznos is how I would describe this place to someone who has never been.
I really enjoy the Italian sub and it's great to get the biggest size and split it with 3-4 people.
The flavors are really good here, they put a good amount of seasoning and the tomato and lettuce are very fresh and it goes a long way in the overall taste of the sandwich.
They also have a never impressive selection of Herr's potato chip products where most sandwich shops only have maybe 4 flavors.
If I'm in the mood for a sandwich this is definitely the place I go to!

Great sandwiches.
I have found it is best to phone in the order and pick it up as ordering on the spot results in a 15 minute wait but I've never been disappointed with the quality of their food.
The bundit dessert cakes are really expensive which kinda sucks because they taste great.

i love this place.
i buy my dinner here most of the time.
place is not crowded and u can just call in ur order for pick up.
the people who worked there were very nice and friendly.
the capastrami is delicious.
but most of there menu is actually really good.
capriotti's... good food, reasonable price, excellent service... you cant ask for anything more.

"Brown Girl and Simple Boy"  Sometimes people complicate simple things and screw them up.
Last Friday afternoon Capriotti's reminded me of this.
Story: I had gotten off work early and had skipped lunch.
Already two o'clock, I was more than a tad hungry.
I didn't have any food at home and I didn't feel like shopping, so I pulled into a strip mall near my home and entered Capriotti's.
There were a few people sitting on brown chairs, eating food from brown tables and staring at brown walls.
A brown girl and her brown companion were eating nearby as I gave my order.
Turkey and swiss on a roll with oil and vinegar.
Dude at counter: "That's IT?
"  Me: "Some chips as well.
"  Dude: "No, I mean the sandwich.
No lettuce or tomato or peppers or mayo?
"  Me: "No.
"  Incredulous and bewildered he went off to assemble my order.
As he was building the sammie he called out, "Not even any salt or pepper?
"  Me: "No thanks.
"  I looked at brown girl and shrugged, giving her my semi-best smile.
(Ear-to-ear with no teeth showing.
)   She smiled and looked shyly downward.
Counter dude wrapped up my meal, still miffed about why I wanted next to nothing on my sandwich.
Truth be told, I was taking it home where I had my own mustard that I liked.
He asked if I wanted a bag as I handed him money but I politely declined.
Once at home I tore off the wrapper, plunked it on a plate.
I squirted some Plochman's mooseturd on the plate and ripped open two bags of Wise potato chips--one jalapeno, the other salt and vinegar.
I poured a glass of milk(yeah, I still drink milk), flicked on Bloomberg and took a bite of sandwich after dipping an edge into Plochman's.
First thing I noticed was that the turkey had been pulled from the bone and was a mixture of white and dark.
Fine in my book.
Second thing I noticed was that the cheese was paper thin and there were only two pieces.
Not fine.
Couldn't even taste it.
I actually took some Swiss from my fridge and put more on.
Third thing I noticed was that Counter Dude had been so obsessed with what I DIDN'T want on the sandwich that he forgot to put on what I DID want: oil and vinegar.
Unbelievable.
The turkey was a bit on the dry side but not too bad.
There was also a generous amount.
The roll was adequate as well.
Will I go back?
Probably, but I'll have to babysit the sandwich assembler next time to ensure that simplicity isn't too difficult.
And who knows, maybe brown girl will be there again without her little boyfriend....

There aren't nearly as many good sandwich shops in Vegas as there should be, but Capriotti's is pretty good.
I like most of their sandwiches, and the prices aren't ridiculous.

We had lunch here and I must say that after just a single visit this is one of the best three Sandwich shop's that I have ever been to.
The other two are truly legendary so they don't count against this one.
Bar none this is the best chain sandwich I have EVER had.
The grilled Italian was just excellent, if you are in the LV area I recommend to go here.
It isn't that much more than Subway or Quiznos and it is MUCH better than either, actually I think it is cheaper than Quiznos.

When I move from one neighborhood to another in Vegas, one of the first things I do is find my new neighborhood Capriotti's.
This location serves the Mountain's Edge area (SW) side and by and large I've always experienced good service here.
Full disclosure: I have never, ever dined in at this location, nor any other Capriotti's.
I rarely order at the counter either.
I've found the easiest way to avoid waiting is to call in my order about 10 minutes before I get there.
My standard orders are, in no particular order: the Cheesesteak, the Chicken Cheesesteak, the Bobbie, the Capastrami, the Slaw-Be-Jo and their turkey sandwich with everything.
Toppings and bread are always fresh, although the amount/ratio of toppings seems to vary from visit to visit.
Love the Utz chips.
Wish this location sold the large size bags of the Jalapeno ones again, though!
Friendly Tip: When you get a receipt that has the random survey code (not all receipts will have this), fill out the survey.
It takes, like, 5 minutes and you get $3 off your next order.
For a small or medium sandwich, that $3 represents a HUGE savings.

A really great sandwich shop hidden in the smallest plaza!
I ordered the capistrami.
Normally, I order my pastrami very plain, only with the meat, lettuce, and mayo, but this time, I had it as is, meat, coleslaw, Swiss cheese, and dressing.
Completely made it worth it!,  the pastrami has excellent flavor in itself.
The coleslaw was not too overpowering, and the sauce tied everything together nicely.
It is slightly pricey as far as sandwiches go, but their sandwiches are huge!
Definitely visit this place!
You won't regret it!

Fantastic Vegetarian Turkey sandwich.
Unreal.
Better than turkey itself.
Only problem was wait time to order one sandwich.
Otherwise great stuff.
Looking forward to trying out the other sandwiches' vegetarian style!

This place is great.
Good food...nice people.they have a tv to watch sports if you want to stay and eat or you can get it ti go.

Love the turkey...it's like Thanksgiving any day of the week.
Awesome sandwiches and friendly employees.
Throw a tip in the jar and they yell out "Beer Money"  Quality ingredients so they are a little more expensive than other sub shops but worth the price.

I have enjoyed all of the Capriotti's locations I've been to, but I'm reviewing this one because it's closest to my home.
I'm so in love with their veggie cheese steak!
The first time I had it, I was so convinced it was chicken I almost sent it back.
(I'm no longer pescetarian, but at the time, I was).
I don't know if it's tofu or what but it's delicious and is such a great substitute for meat!

