This is a great gym with excellent trainers.
Craig has prepared lots of competitive bodybuilders but also many 'regular' folks get excellent training here.
Check them out!

So you want a new you?
Craig is definitely one of the best trainers I have worked with - focused, professional, humble honest - straight forward!

I cannot say enough about how much this gym and Craig have changed my life.
I starting working out at this gym with Craig and his trainers about 8 months ago.
In those 8 months, I have been pushed harder and further than I thought was possible.
The results in the end?
I have dropped more than 25 pounds and I'm down to about 17% body fat.
I have still have work do to but these are results I never thought I could achieve!
Don't be intimidated by the 'body builders', this gym is for anyone who is committed to good health and exercise.
You are not just a number here, the training and nutritional plans are created to your needs and your body.
This is not the gym you join just for the hell of it.
This is the gym you join when you are ready to change your physical self and build your body to be the image of yourself you have always dreamed of being.

No matter what your fitness  goals are, Physiques' Gym is the vessel that will get you there.

There is not enough words i can say about this place.
I have been apart of Craig and his team over the course 10 years.
It is truly comforting knowing that you can go into a gym and receive the results you never expected to acheive.
I encourage many to train here...

This is THE place.
If you want to get right and get yourself pulled together, this place will show you all you need to bring you back to your fitness best!
People at all levels of fitness with one goal in mind, improve on the strengths you have, mentally and physically.
You will be pushed so be ready to workout and put some sweat into it!
Craig & Seth will both customize a program to fit your needs.

I had the best experience working out at Physiques'.
I came to Physiques' wanting to gain more strength and become a faster runner.
Craig put together a different workout every session and managed to get me stronger and healthier.
In 5 months I significantly increased my running speed and noticed I was getting stronger and looking better.
I could not recommend a better trainer.
The atmosphere is welcoming and there is a variety of people in all shapes and sizes working out.

I have been in the industry and Training myself with occasional training partners for yrs,  Then I met Craig Tinn-Man Tinnelle.
Craig has changed and hardened me more in our short time together than yrs of trying to push myself, I am prepping for a show soon but I highly Recommend Craig and Physiques Gym to anyone that is ready to take there training and conditioning to a New level.
Craig knows his stuff and knows Just how to pull your best out of your Heart and Soul.
Just dont give up, Get in and talk to Craig He will change your Perspective and your life.

I have been with Physiques personal training for 2 1/2 years and cannot say enough about how great they are.
Craig Tinnelle is the best personal trainer as far as achieving real results, and motivating you to keep going.
I have learned a tremendous amount about training, muscle building, and nutrition.
At 44 I feel and look 24!
Thanks to Craig.

