Had an issue returning an item I got for Christmas.
The same one was sitting on the shelf and they wouldnt give me in store credit because the tag was missing.
Um....... it was a Christmas gift...... people tend to take the price tags off.
They're only getting two stars because VS Customer Service (called them) fixed my issue.
Big applause for Corporate Customer Relations on the issue.

They NEVER seem to have my bra size in the bra I want when I am at this location.
SMALL BOOBS are common- they need to stock their items better.
And gay or not, I dont really want a guy asking to size me for anything or checking on me in the dressing room.
Just sayin

Let's face it... everyone will keep shopping at VS no matter how bad the reviews are here.
It's not like you go there for the service.
That said, I go out of my way to visit this location when I'm shopping for my girlfriend.
The girls here are actually pretty pleasant, actually say "hello" and welcome you rather than scattering as if to pretend to have things to do other than help you (read my Scottsdale review), and have provided good assistance in the past.
I like the layout of the store better here, too.
The vibe is just better and it's worth visiting this location,

I have always had good customer service here.
They always ask to re-size or find other styles for me when I'm in the fitting room.
I have never had an issue with returns.
It's difficult to not find a new treasure when going in to just pay the credit card bill though- good tactic!
This is the only place I go to for Pink ASU apparel because it's not available online.
But It's all good in the hood.

Customer service is lacking.
Spent over $200.00, asked for a gift card car holder (though I did not buy one).
Was told that they were only for gift cards.
Commented that  you just rang me up for $200.00 worth of stuff, can I please get one.
Was told they were only for gift cards.
Asked if I buy a gift card for $1.00 can I have one, said yes.
What the hell.
It doesn't cost her/company anything.
Felt like my business was not appreciated.

I agree with most of my fellow reviewers that no matter what the service is going to be like, most of us will continue to shop at Victorias.
Where else are we going to go?
Since I have a V.S.
credit card they are always sending me coupons for free underwear or a couple bucks off...which I realize is just an excuse to get you in the store.
I fall for it every time.
Of course I want my free underwear!
oh, and maybe while I'm here I'll just take a look.
They are so sneaky that way!
Anyhoo, I find the customer service to be either hot or cold.
Sometimes you're bombarded with 10 associates asking to help you, and other times no one says boo to you.
I guess you just fend for yourself and if you need help you can find someone to ask.
I have no problem with that.
The store is usually stocked pretty well with sizes and selection and generally speaking the sales staff is pretty friendly.
They know they have us hooked though, right??

The worst bra shopping experience of my life.
After "spilling out" of a 32 DDI figured it was time to get re-measured.
I was "measured" so poorly the girl suggested a 34 B or C - uhm needless to say if you spill out of a DD a B or C is going to be comical.
The fit was so off and the girl seemed okay with it, job well done in her mind.
My husband was laughing seeing me (which almost made the experience fun).
I had a LOT more luck at Belle Lacet in Chandler - there you are actually fitted and the service is  EXCELLENT.

Victoria secret Tempe market place sucks!,,,if you hurt your self there they don't care, they care more about selling you bras rather than asking and see if you are ok, instead of are you ok?
Can I order you bra online?
Ah!
HELLO!
I can order my own bra online!
I made a complaint already !
3 times people!
Nobody called me !
I guess nobody gives a SHIT!Z!

I could never give anything less than 5 stars for Victoria's Secret, it's my favorite store!
The deals at the Semi Annual sale are unbeatable, so I mainly stop by in the winter/summer.
I come throughout the year whenever I have coupons or there is a sale.
The yoga pants are the best!
Try the VS hair products too!
They smell amazing and make your hair super soft!

