Fantastic Mexican seafood.
Friendly people, mariachis, The armed guard at the door was even having a good time!
I'm guessing this place is not in a "good area," but what do we know, were from out of town.
It seemed fine to us.
I had the coconut shrimp and octopus, Greg had the shrimp ceviche.
It was wonderful!

My buddy said it's the mexican red lobster.
The music is obnoxiously loud but I guess they take breaks when it isn't busy.
Besides the surround sound it was ok authentic Mexican seafood.
The ceviche is decent if your into that, they bring it out with your salsa.
You can't really go wrong with fajitas and the lemonade and pineapple juice were both tasty.

Not in the best neighborhood, but the food is pretty good here.
They serve a small complimentary ceviche de camarón plus chips and salsa.
Had the fajitas mixto, which comes with shrimp, steak, and chicken.
I also ordered a modelo especial michelada.
My girlfriend ordered a carne asada taco and fried shrimp taco, lots of meat on both.
It was all very tasty.
They have live music in the evenings.
I went on a Wednesday and they had a norteño band that started at 6pm.
If you plan to have a conversation during your meal, get there before 6pm because the music is loud.

great mariscos and seafood.
Prices are good food is even better.
Weds toastadas de ceviche on special buy one get one free.
Live music everyday love taking the kids and family there

Zero stars!!!
Service and food was horrible.
Finally thought we had found a great authentic seafood eatery... Was completely let down.
Our food was served two hours post ordering.
Food was cold and the shrimp on ALL platters were NOT cleaned/deveined.
Management lacked all experience on how to handle our complaints.
Only decent thing were the Tecates and oysters.
Do not recommend and will not revisit.

Worst food ever...they should be ashamed to call those things fish tacos..since when do you make fish tacos with frozen fish sticks???
The shrimp cocktail was even worst and we order a guacamole with shrimp and the guacamole was bad.
Our waitress disappeared and no one else came to help us.
And please someone tell those guys playing music the suck and to at least put the volume down.
Its a shame and a waste of space, you need to get a real Mexican seafood cook and get rid of the music...

The michelada is a spicy beer cocktail was amazing probably best I ever had.
I mixed it with Victoria Mexican beer.
I personally had the shrimp fajitas which were just perfect.
We also ordered beef tacos, horchata $ ceviche.
Everything was prepared perfectly.
Service was also great and quick.
There was a band playing which was just too loud and mariachis walking the floor.
overall a positive experience minus the 2 armed guards and a pat down at the entrance.

Not the best mariscos....portions are small.
I got the breaded shrimp and they  had no flavor or seasonings...very disappointed,  will never come back....Everyone was telling me about this seafood restaurant ( how it's the best) ....i was very disappointed, it's ok cause i wont be back....the music is so loud ....i really don't understand why it's so loud, what's up w/ that, how am i supposed to carry a conversation ....so i had to wait for music to stop, it was soooooo annoying ...NEVER AGAIN.

The music is so loud you cannot even hear the person next to you.
Food is OK and the service is average.
Unless they do away with the loud music I would never go back.
So sad.

Bring your ear plugs because your going to need them.
The place is extremely small and feels over crowded.
My friend and I went in to enjoy some seafood, but from the beginning it was a bad experience.
We walked in and one of the servers accused us of trying to skip some people that were there before us.
We didn't even know who to talk to in order to get on the waiting list.
After about 10 minutes of wait we were sat down.
The table we were setted at next to the door so ever time someone walked it it hit the back of my friend's chair.
So we asked to be moved and got an ugly look, but we moved to another table.
The food is very good just like seafood should be fresh!
Everything tasted fresh we had oysters, & tostadas de ceviche (shrimp tostadas.
) The micheladas are very good also if your over the age of 21 of course.
If the music wasn't so loud, I mean having a live band is such a small space is a horrible idea.
You can't even hear the person across or next to you speak.
This place definitely needs to make some changes before I ever go back.

The food is alright  nothing to rave about the portions aren't as big as they are at other places.
The ladies  are always very kind and good service at this place the music was a little loud but I didn't mind.
Love coming here with my friends on a Saturday night lovely atmosphere it's super chill

