So today, I took my final 1st step towards taking off the last 15 pounds of 'baby weight'.
Yay me!
I figured it's about time since I've been promising myself that I'd get started on something for a while now.
My son is 2 now and for the first year of his amazing life, the extra weight didn't bother me.
After we stopped nursing, however, I started thinking it was time to slim down.
I'd love to get down to prepregnancy weight but it seems harder to take off now that I don't have youth or free time on my side.
That's where the MedShape crew are are going to help.
Today's visit was awesome.
The staff, Brittany specifically, was very knowledgeable and friendly.
Most of them are success stories, too, so they really identify with your health/weight loss goals.
They set me up with easy-to-understand nutritional guidelines and explained how everything works.
I'm super excited.
This is a medically supervised weight loss clinic so I feel more at ease.
I've never tried the herbal or over the counter stuff because...
I don't trust them.
With MedShape, though, I selected an 8 week program with tons of clinic staff support... because I'm sure I'll need nudges and hellos from supportive people.
They take walk-ins but I bet an appointment is better.
Men and women were in the waiting room!
I'll check back in a few weeks to update my progress.
Woot!
And I might start a blog about it.
See ya there!

I used Medshape a few years ago.
I did well with the weight loss, but it cost so much that I could not continue...and I gained back the weight.
Fast forward to now.
I forgot the time and money spent at Medshape, but recently I saw a Groupon for $29.
Cool, I thought, until I walked in and it looked like what I'd seen before.
Well, I'd paid for it so I'll finish the 4 weeks.
Today I had a noon appointment.
When I showed up, they had probably 10 people waiting.
They said it would be quite a wait, which is annoying and really throws off my schedule.
They're overbooking appointments and then patients have to wait.
I do not recall that issue from my first try with MedShape.
After talking with a very helpful gal in today's appointment, I do wish I would have called them a few years ago when my budget for weight loss was expiring.
The HGC worked well for me, but I never made it to the maintenance plan.
Gaining the weight back was my fault entirely.
So many people try the HGC and fail, I just figured I could be different.
I was not.
The 2 star rating today is mainly because of the enormous wait and since I didn't see any other reviews, I thought I should tell people about the experience today.
The staff is friendly and they try to be helpful.
They just need to do a better job scheduling appointments to avoid such a backup.
Otherwise, why bother to schedule appointments at all.

I've been a client of this particular Medshape clinic for 3 years now.
It was better run in the beginning.
Now they don't seem to care about their faithful clients and pay more attention to the groupon people that come in for the $29 special.
I have spent several thousand dollars here.
I make appointments every week to come in the following week....but why bother.
I was overlooked for a lady that walked in 15 minutes after I did today and she had a groupon coupon, no appointment.
Over the past three months, this has happened to me (and I'm sure other clients) at least 5 times!
And a few of those 5 times, I waited over 30-45 minutes as they not only overbooked for my time slot but they were taking the groupon clients first, who had no appointment.
I am a very easygoing customer and I've been extremely tolerant and patient but not anymore.
Since I have been going to this place, they have gone through countless front desk people and it seems that every fifth visit, I end up with a totally new person giving me my weekly shot.
I only recognize two people working here now and those two people are fairly new as well.
The turnover is absolutely amazing!
I spoke to one of the employees today and she was told by management to forego clients who had appointments, us regulars, to take the groupon people first.
She wasn't happy about this and she took two of us regular clients back to back today.
I run a very successful business and it's because of great word of mouth and RETENTION.
It's us customers who keep your doors open and you all making money....not the groupon people.
They go from place to place, using the coupons.
A lot of the times they run out of product and we as clients have to forego getting what we need on a consistent basis.
The only thing this place has going for it is their doctor-Dr. Sheehan.
He is the one that shows more care for you as a client and as a person than anyone.
I informed them today that I have finally reached my boiling point and that I would be contacting management about the issues.
Once my shot package runs out in 4 weeks, I am done with this place.
It's a real shame too because they do have something going for them in the way of helping people lose weight and get healthier.
Sad when management totally mismanages an otherwise good business.

