Love BMW Chandler!!
I drive a bit further from my home to get my Bimmah her needs... My personal service guy is Todd Knapp...
The day before a big trip, my back window decided to get loopy & not go back up..
I freaked !!
I called Todd ..& he & his service crew had me in a loaner.. A nice 5series, while my warranty work was complete...
He even told me not to panic.. Bmw's may be pricey, but I'll never drive anything else... Maybe once you go Bmmah u never go back:-) So, I drive the extra miles, because the sister of this dealer in Scottsdale, just down from my home..
Isn't as nice ... Oh yeah.. Love the valet service & coffee bar.. ;-)

I admit I'm usually the 1st to try to go cheap on repairs...NO MORE!
Vince treated me like a Queen, the waiting room and bathrooms are photo worthy and it didn't cost much more than the non-dealer shops all the way in Central Phoenix that couldn't get to my car for 4-5 days.
Did I mention my air conditioner stopped working and it's 111 degrees outside?
Thanks Chapman!!!
Give Vince a raise.

I recently purchased a new BMW from BMW Chandler and I highly recommend them.
I worked with Chad Salerno, who worked hard to get me the best deal and make the transaction as effortless as possible.
After the sale, Chad went out of his way to make sure I was satisfied and happy with my purchase.
This is a very professional dealership, which is exactly what you would expect with this type of car, but my experience at other area high-end dealerships was not nearly as positive as it was here.
I really can't think of a negative thing to say about this dealership.

The first time I was there (a few months ago), I received very good service (4 stars).
They gladly took care of a whole bunch of stuff (some identified by me, some by them and some by the computer) covered under warranty and provided a complimentary loaner vehicle.
However, I have to deduct 2 stars because I was misinformed this past weekend and it cost me $500 that I should not have had to spend!!!
I called them about my serpentine drive belt that started to unravel while I was on the road in the East Valley.
They said the belt falls under the maintenance category which is warrantied up to 50k miles.
I have 53k; therefore, I'm not covered.
To have them repair it, it would cost $500.
In a bind, I quickly called my trusted local shop and they said it'd be $200 so I figured the choice was easy and drove down to them.
On my way over, the belt had unraveled so much that it wrapped around the power steering pulley so I lost power steering (which cost me an additional $300 to fix).
Fast forward to today, I'm at Chapman on Camelback for an unrelated issue.
I mention to my SA what happened over the weekend and he said it would have been covered under my manufacturer warranty of 55k miles which I still qualify for and the belt normally lasts til at least 100k miles.
WTF!
I am now waiting to hear back from Chapman on Camelback as to whether or not they are going to reimburse me for the $500 that I spent all because I was misinformed by Chandler.
I gave my SA a copy of the invoice and I just found a BMW bulletin online regarding this issue so I'm really hoping they do the right thing.

This is the worst dealer that I have ever worked with!
I thought I was moving up when I sold my Honda and bought the BMW.
Not the case!
Once you own the car, the service department could care less about your needs.
It feels that you are bothering them when you bring your vehicle in.
I would steer clear from this dealer.
I had issues with my vehicle prior to warranty expiration.
When the item broke, 3 day after warranty expired, they would not fix and wanted nothing to do with me.
I will never give my business to Chapman again!

This is the WORST service department I have ever dealt with.
Sloppy and poor customer service AND they damaged my car after having it for two weeks!
When it was brought to their attention, they did not acknowledge or deny it  attempted to "repair" it, but it should have been replaced  More than once I have requested they inspect one thing (like the brakes) and have been told they will need to do a full inspection... For a mere $700.
This place is a joke... Definitely not the high- end service one would expect with the BMW name.
Boooooooo.

Whenever we have to take our cars in Jennifer always attends to us.
She is always very helpful and accommodating.
The service is usually very prompt and we are able to get our cars back usually by the next day or day after.
They also are easy to work with when they set us up with rentals.

Nothing has improved.
Every time I have brought my car in for service, I bring it home with the problem not fixed or another problem created.
I purchased a new navigation DVD for $200', only to get home and see it wasn't working.
They never checked it and it was a defective DVD.
That is just one example of many things they have not completed properly.
Looks like I am going to take the long route and start bringing my car  to BMW North Scottsdale.
Hopefully, I will have better luck.

We worked with Alexander previously and when our lease was up on our car it was an easy decision to work with him again.
Alexander made the process of picking out, purchasing & picking up our new car a great experience.
Chandler Chapman BMW provides excellent customer care and we would recommend both the dealership and Mr. Alexander to anyone in the market for a new or used car.

Thank you so much Alexander with helping me find a new car.
He made it painless, stress free, and easy.
I plan on referring to anyone in need of a vehicle.

Terrible lying cheating sales department.
Was buying a car from out of state and going to fly in and pick the car up and drive home.
Deal had been agreed upon, purchase agreements and wiring instructions were being faxed back and forth between the dealership and my bank and paper work was being signed over the coarse of the day.
The salesman told me the car was being put under cover until i picked the car up and would not be showed.
I was online about to purchase airline tickets and I get an email saying sorry to let you know that the car has been sold...... 5 minutes later and I would of been out airline tickets.
I might expect that from some shady used car lot but not from a BMW dealership.

I went into to this dealership to learn a bit more about BMWs.
I'd just come from across the street at Audi and had test driven the S5 there.
My wife wanted me to test drive the M3 as a comparable car that her colleague had.
The sales person came up and asked us to what we wanted and we explained quickly.
He then went on some long tirade about how the M3 was only for "car enthusiasts" and wasn't for us.
So then we asked to test drive a 3-series.
After disappearing for 20 minutes he says excitedly that he has an M3 on the lot.
Wonderful.
He then goes and pulls up the M3 and proceeds to tell me that we can't test drive it because it would "ruin it for other people.
"   At this point, my wife and I walk away.

My husband and I were looking at BMW's and Audi's.
He was leaning towards the Audi, and I wanted to look at the BMW.
We got to the dealership and asked the salesman to test drive a M3.
The salesman told us that there were none in stock, and tried for 20 minutes to talk us out of buying one (by making fun of anyone who wanted a M3).
We told him we wanted to test drive a 3 series.
He disappeared for 15 minutes, and then came back with a M3 (even though he said there were none in stock).
Then, he mysteriously came back with the M3, and sped right past us!
Then, he told us we could not test drive it because, "it would ruin it for the rest of the drivers.
"  WTF?????
So basically he didn't try to sell us anything, and instead talked us out of wanting to buy a car, then came with the car, and wouldn't let us test drive it!
My husband and I bought an Audi S4.

The sales experience was great.
Friendly, nice and willing to help.
HOWEVER, stay away from the repair service.
The complete opposite of the sales experience.
They are NOT friendly.
Horrible service.
They should be ashamed.
I am confident they don't care.
I emailed the General Manager and no response back.
Amazing!

Great staff, both sales and service.
See Ryan if you're in the market for.a BMW and Matt for service.
Both are excellent.

WOW!
This place is just horrible.
This isn't the first time I've had issue with their services either.
They sent me an unsolicited e-mail asking to describe the experience, so I felt it necessary to fill it out as the experience really left a bad taste in my mouth.
The survey link doesn't work so I e-mailed saying so and this clown  Garrett O'Dell Service Manager, e-mails me back asking about what happened so I sent this:  Was totally not happy with the entire experience and I won't be back because of it.
I let the service man know exactly what the issue was and led me believe it was a warranty issue when I knew the warranty issue was the PASSENGER not DRIVER seat.
More importantly, they said it would take less than an hour and we were there going on three and then to be told it was exactly what I said it was to begin with, given an estimate for thousands for other things and charged $135.00 for something I already knew.
Just shady practicing in my opinion, and I'll go elsewhere next time.
So the "Service" manager clown goes on and basically attacks me in his response:  I take our reputation and business practices very seriously and would vigorously investigate anything that would lead our customers to believe we were being anything other than forthright and fair.
I took the opportunity to look over the initial write-up, and repair diagnosis.
From the information here, as well as your email below,  it appears we were asked to inspect the car for the complaint of; SRS light lit on dash and specifically asked to determine if the repair was a parts warranty from a prior repair to the passenger seat mat as someone else had made that diagnosis and connection.
Our findings were that the vehicle did not need a passenger side seat mat as you were advised, rather a driver's side seat mat, counter to the information you had been given elsewhere, this was a repair that was not covered under an applicable parts warranty.
It appears we charged you only for the technicians time to make that determination, as agreed upon , we completed an accurate estimate of that repair as well as other needed services noted during our inspection as a courtesy, you declined those repairs as well as the repair to the SRS system.
I am sorry to hear you feel this was "shady".
I realize that giving customers information about the condition of their vehicle, especially when it differs from their expectations or promises that other repair shops have made, can be difficult.
I am sure you have found in your business model that when reality is different than expectations, the most common response is to attack the credibility of the messenger.
If you are interested in making any of the repairs to your vehicle we would certainly still be willing to help.
Garrett O'Dell - Service Manager   What a clown.
Nice customer service dummy.
You can't tell in this Yelp posting but his verbiage was filled with CAPS and BOLD lettering to show his emphasis in yelling at me.
Here's my response:   We already had the correct diagnosis.
I already knew it was the driver's seat mat and should have been told it was not a warranty item in the first place.
Further, I was quoted less than an hour, it approached 3 - my business time is billed at $225.00 an hour.
I don't care for your customer service tone either, further exemplifying my feeling of this establishment.
I'm not attacking anyone.
I'm a BMW customer, and as a lay customer, this is how I felt about my experience at Chapman BMW.
Moreover, your customer service approach feels more like an attack to me.
So I hope you feel better about yourself, now that you've tried to "prove" me wrong.
Enjoy your $135.00 and I'll go somewhere else here on out.
You win Garrett!
I'm going to bring my BMW 750Li to North Scottsdale for ALL my needs from here on out.

This place would of gotten a good review from me if it wasn't for me sitting at the dealership for hours at a time for 3 days in a row.
The 3rd day we came to pick up the car after completing the paperwork the night before and we sat in the dealership with the car sitting out front for 3 hours and  counting..........terrible!!!

Bought a 5 series 7 months ago from Chapman BMW... it was my first BMW, and third car Ive ever purchased.
I can honestly say this was the best experience I had ever had when buying a car.
My salesman, Ryan Dorfman, was as professional as they come.
Answered all my questions and concerns, and never pressured or pushed me to do anything.
I really enjoyed his commitment to making me feel at ease during the buying process.
He is top notch!
Took my car in yesterday for service... WOW, they sure do go above and beyond at this dealership!!!
Talk about rolling out the red carpet!
My service rep was Kris Mason and he was fantastic to work with... picked my car up last night and everything was great (no major issues at all).
Kris followed up with a full diagnostic summary early this morning!
I want to thank the whole team at Chapman BMW for being the extremely professional and friendly... Ryan even came over last night when I picked up my car to say hello and see how everything was going... once again, TOP NOTCH.
Thanks guys!

Service person called me on the phone as he couldn't walk around corner to find me in lobby when my car was done.
I was sitting in waiting area.
Thought it was pretty lazy of him.
Tried to buy key change and no one was in the store or asked if I could If i needed help.
Also they didn't go over any of the issues they put in know about your car report.
Said I declined but didn't even ask me.
I had to read about them when I got home

This is my first purchase from Chapman BMW so I don't have much to write about the experience other than this was my first experience with them.
It was a great experience so far.

I'm going to give their service center 5 stars to try and balance out the terrible reviews I've read here.
I have never gone shopping for a car here (I feel as if car dealerships need to be broken into two parts on Yelp - I've have completely disparate experiences within a single dealership).
The Orchid Lane Chapman opened up while I was working at our new office in Ahwatukee, so this place was literally down the street from me!
Imagine suddenly not having to drive all the way to central Phoenix to service my car...
Bonus points right off the bat!
I had the same service adviser Matt Konecek from the get go.
He always remembered me and we got on just great right up to the point where I moved back to Seattle.
I'm a little sad as I don't see him on their web site any more.
They almost always had a loaner available, which was cool (test drive!
) and I never had a repair bill that was unreasonable.
I never once received pressure from the service department either.
He told me what was wrong with the car and let me know if it was a cost I could defer until later or not.
I've done business with six different dealerships over the years and I can say with confidence that this location was the best.
I miss it every time I drive my car over to Bellevue.

I didn't have one problem with the service or selling process at BMW.
It was quicker than any other car purchase/lease than I have ever had before, and the sales people weren't pushy.
People need to realize that buying a car is not like buying groceries.
When you pick up something that is $40K-$125K, you need to budget more time for paperwork, insurance, credit checks, etc.
If you can do it in under 2 hours, then you are getting amazing service, which is what I got at Chapman BMW.

PARTS DEPARTMENT ONLY !
The story begins about 6 weeks ago when I purchased a 1998 BMW 740I from a private party.
Knowing it was a used car that was 14 years old, I knew there would be issues .
however .
most appeared to be cosmetic / routine maintenance in nature, so I decided to use a mechanical friend I know, hoping to keep the cost down.
With that said here is the laundry list of items repaired and or replaced.
Passenger Side Mirror Cover Drivers Side Fog Light 3 Pieces of Miscellaneous Trim Passenger Side Front Grille Passenger Side Hood Stop with Actuator Emergency Brake Release Lever Rear Brake Pads with Computer Sensor Oil Filter Reseviour Mounts All Power Steering Hoses  Sounds like a large laundry list, but the Parts Department had most in stock and those that weren't they had in a couple of days.
They were very helpful, by showing me and giving me diagrams of the areas that needed attention, and my personal mechanic / friend, was able to let me know what exactly I needed.
Everything has been installed, and the 1998 BMW 740I is ready for it first road trip - Las Vegas for March Madness.

With limited time available to break away from work and get down to the dealership to see the preowned vehicle I was interested in, this group of folks made it virtually effortless for me!
My jeep hit it's end of life a few days before I contacted the dealership and got in touch with my salesman, Ciaran.
He went above and beyond to get me the info I needed for my purchase, all the while working with me via email and cell to minimize my time required on the lot.
He was able to negotiate a trade in value for my jeep double the other offers I had seen, making the decision to purchase even more simple for me.
After a test drive and the required paperwork, he and his team arranged to clean my new car and deliver it to me that night, just shy of 9pm to avoid making me come back for it at a later date.
He followed up the next day on my satisfaction, and even delivered items left in my trade in to me over 40 miles away to my office.
I would use these guys again in a heartbeat and am so pleased with the experience.
Simple, convenient and painless.
5 stars!

Bruce is the best!
We bought a used Lexus GX here today and the experience was superb.
My husbands family has owned car dealerships for over 70 years and no one is as picky as he is.
He loved working with Bruce and knew how hard he worked to make the process smooth and even got us out of our current lease that had 16 months left.
We will forever recommend Bruce to anyone looking for a new or used car!

If you would like to buy a car from Chapman BMW, Ciaran, a sales associate specializing in internet sales is your guy!
This was my first time buying from a BMW dealership, and Ciaran went out of his way to make the sales experience a positive experience.
I was interested in a very specific vehicle, and he put together a good deal and even offered to go above and beyond--even to deliver the car to my home.
He and the finance officer even found a pretty bow to put on top to take home and surprise my wife with a new car.
Overall, kudos to Ciaran and Chapman BMW for the nice sales experience.

Be very careful.
The invoice price is wrong or a lie.
They are so good at making something look good.
Even without my current lease equity it's not a good deal.
Here is the copy of the email Ryan sent me:  335is Convertible- LeMans Blue with Oyster interior (must be transported)  $69,495 - MSRP  $66,623.12 - Your VIP Selling price - $400 over  -$2,250 - Rebates - Loyalty [$750] BMW - [$1,500]  --------------------------  {$64,373.12 - Net Selling price after rebates} -  + $4,250 - Remaining payments - check back to you to fullfill current lease  +$2,721.88 - remaining upfront fees (less $1,000 down payment) = $3,721.88 total amount of upfront fees  --------------------------  $73,595 - adjusted price  36 month lease  Money Factor- .00160  Residual value- 64%  $2,250 - Rebaates - reduced off the price of the vehicle  $1,000 Cash out of your pocket towards a down payment -  12,000 miles per year  payment is $958.82 + tax [ 84.37] = $1,043.19 including tax payment  Upfront fees breakdown:  $1,050.00- Security Deposit  $389.00 - Document Fee (lowest in the state)  $1,041.69 - Plates  $958.82 - First months payment  $84.37 - Tax on first payment  $20.25 - AZ MVD title/ reg.
fee  $198.00 - Tax on cap reduction- rebates-2250 x 8.8%  -----------------------------------------  $3,742.13 - Total upfront fees  *I know that you are trying to stay under the 1k payment thresold...
I went ahead a ran the numbers, With $2,500 Total cash down // $999 including tax  Please let me know how you want to proceed?
Best Regards,  Ryan- 480.344.4241

I bought a used BMW this year and began taking it in for some service and accessories.
My service writer is Jennifer Mahoney.
I highly recommend her for your BMW service.
She is good at her job and rolls out the red carpet for her customers.

This is just for the service department!!!
I purchased a 2011 528i and the car is great but every time I bring it in for some service, I end up getting the worst service.
They don't have loaner cars and when they do they say "we can't loan you a car for just a oil change service".
Due to the quality of the service department I am going to get rid of my car once I can break even on the sale of the car.
I had a lexus gs450H before my BMW and I will have to say the service between the two are night and day.
Yes, I can go to another BMW dealer for service but why should I when I live half a mile from this dealer.
Very disappointed in the quality of service from a high end car dealer.
This will be my last BMW I purchase.

Very salesy and pushy IMHO  I arrived with the intent purpose of test driving a vehicle.
I was very upfront with the salesman when I arrived.
I told him I was interested in a certain line of luxury vehicles and wanted to test drive cars in a particular class.
I told him I wasn't buying today and wanted to make an informed decision.
I showed him my 90K Mercedes outside to show I was a credible client and not someone just wasting his time.
I told them my intent was not to buy today because I wanted to test drive the Audi, Mercedes, Lexus etc before buying.
Even after telling him this, he sat me down on a couch.
He asked me a lot of unnecessary questions despite knowing I was there to test drive a car.
When I test drove the car, the salesman was very condescending.
I look young so I assumed he thought I was a kid in my early 20's  even though I'm in my late 30's and a professional.
He was a back seat driver and was directing me turn by turn.
After the drive, he didn't drop me off at the showroom.
I had to ride with him back into the garage where he applied more pressure sales tactics.
He then re-asked many of the same questions he had already asked.
He asked them in different ways and assumed I was an idiot and didn't recognize his cheap tactic.
We then stopped on the second floor so I could "use the bathroom.
" His desk is on the showroom floor which is the first floor.
They stop on the second floor to further delay you and engage you in further conversation.
Then we took the elevator down to the first floor.
He then walks me past his desk to re-ask the same questions he had been asking me all day.
This was essentially their last ditch effort to see if I would purchase a car from them.
The salesman even mocked his own tactics.
He said "The chances of you returning are about 30% when you leave the door so what can we do to sell you a car now.
"  When I asked about pricing, the salesman said he doesn't know anything about numbers and that pricing was done by "them.
"  I gathered he just shows you the vehicle and they bring in a closer to work the deal.
This is pretty typical of most dealerships.
The salesman is the "good cop" and the closer is the "bad cop.
"  I eventually left the dealership but not after wasting an additional 30 minutes of babysitting a salesman who thought he was being clever in applying these tactics.
I expect this at a GM dealership but was very surprised to witness this at a premium luxury dealership.
I test drove  cars at Mercedes and Audi across the street.
None of their sales representatives were as pushy as the Chapman BMW reps. None of them called me after my test drive.
They were intelligent enough to recognize that if I was interested in buying a car from them, I would call them.
Just from the pushy and overzealous sales tactics, I would never buy a BMW here.
I would rather buy a BMW from another state and ship it than do business here.
I just got a very bad vibe from this place.
I would encourage the sales manager to not encourage aggressive and pushy sales tactics because most of us who can afford BMW's are professionals and don't appreciate those types of tactics.
We are buying a BMW not a Chevy.
Act like it!

UPDATE: RESPONSE TO BRIAN LEE of Chapman BMW BELOW    With all due respect, it is out of the ordinary to push for a sale when the client explicitly states they are there to test drive a vehicle and will be test driving other vehicles prior to making any decision.
After test driving the car, I told the sales person that I would need to test other cars before I know what I want.
That is pretty self explanatory.
What else do you need to know?
Asking the same question in 10 different ways for the purpose of trying to close a deal is pathetic.
I test drove cars at Audi and Mercedes.
None of their sales people used these tactics.
They respected the fact that I wanted to test drive other vehicles before making a decision.
None of them tried to detain me or resort to these tactics.. None of them kept badgering me with the same question asked in multiple ways: "So what is the next step"  How likely are you to buy a car today?
Tell me what you want to do next?
What can we do to get you to buy today?
If we offer you a great deal, would you buy this car now?
What is your plan after you leave the dealership?
Are you trading in or paying cash?
What is it that you don't like about this car?
"  If you think that is just someone trying to "sell cars" then you clearly don't understand the concept of professionalism.
Obviously, we share philosophical differences.
A professional does not badger a client.
They provide information and then respect the client's autonomy and decision making ability.
Since you seem to espouse your salesman's tactics, I will be thoroughly avoiding your dealership and will choose to go elsewhere to purchase my next BMW.

I bought a used BMW, 2010 and I tried to add Sirius Radio to car, which was not installed as a standard option.
It takes a module to upgrade NAV/radio, which is quite pricey.
Chapman BMW service first quoted me $1400 for module plus $350 to install.
Fine, I'll make appointment.
Then service dept called back and told me they did not have module and would have to get from another BMW dealer, but couldn't do that because liability of installing a BMW part from another Dealer?
I called BMW North America, and got clearance for the module to be installed on my car, and the price that BMW NA quoted me was $1178 + $417 labor.
And that was from Service manager at Chapman BMW, while I was on hold w/ BMW NA.
Got off the phone and within 20 minutes, service dept from Chapman called me.
Price for Sirius module install was $2100.
WTF.
I left a message for service manager, and did not receive a call back.
Got what I needed at BMW Scottsdale, installed for a lot less than what Chapman wanted.
I cant imagine letting Chapman touch one bolt or filter on my car.

I did not purchase my vehicle here but have received great service twice already!
Complete opposite of perillo BMW in Chicago.
The service guys have been great, polite, and honest.
No hidden surprises when it's time to pay or anything else.
I totally recommend this location.

I bought a used BMW this year and began taking it in for some service and accessories.
My service writer is Jennifer Mahoney.
I highly recommend her for your BMW service.
She is good at her job and rolls out the red carpet for her customers.

in regards to the service department, Mark Ostaszewski is polite, friendly and prompt.
I'm always personally greeted when I pull into the service bay.
Mark listens to my concerns and then provides a loaner car.
He contacts me by telephone with updates and to let me know when the car is ready.
He has been my service adviser for a Z4 and X6M..

Love this location!
Andy in service always goes above and beyond any customer service standards!

Have owned 3 Lexus cars and always been extremely satisfied.
Always wanted a 3 Series and with J.J. Garcia's professional sales effort I had the best buying experience yet.
I expect nothing less from their service department.
Thanks JJ and Chapman BMW for a great experience.

We just purchased our 2nd BMW from our awesome sales agent JJ Garcia @ Chapman BMW and couldn't be happier.
JJ has always been responsive and courteous, even when harassing him by email for the umpteenth status update on our custom order.
We will definitely be back for our next vehicle!
Even though this is a bit of a drive from Tucson, their service is so far above and beyond the Tucson BMW dealer's, I will probably even start coming up to Chapman BMW for any service needs as well.
I don't know that anyone generally looks forward to buying a new car anymore than they look forward to a dentist appointment, but their fair and honest dealings have made both our purchases enjoyable experiences.

I've only used their service and parts departments.
David Pence is a fantastic service advisor and has always been prompt and helpful.
Despite not purchasing the vehicle from Chapman, the dealership has stood behind any issues I've experienced with my vehicle (warranty).
I've never felt I was treated differently due to being a service only customer.
I would absolutely shop a new BMW at Chapman.

Mike R in the service department is an all star, he has taken great care of me and my 535i.
My suggestion to management would be give Mike a raise, he is the reason I will buy my next bimmer from Chandler BMW

When I was buying my used Ford Flex from them, they were super attentive and very helpful.
They made it easy and I never even had to walk in the dealership.
Boy, once I agreed to buy the car, everything changed.
They delivered the car to me with dents, poorly detailed chrome, a broken seatbelt, a single key and with no navigation system installed.
The salesman assured me that, if I took delivery on the car, they would get those things done immediately (and agreed to do it in writing).
Well, I've made 3 appointments to get it done over the last month and each time the dealership cancels the appointment since "they got busy".
After a month of me bugging them, they finally picked up the car to fix it and have now had it for over a week and a half.
These things should have been able to be done in a morning but it appears to me they may have simply had the car sit in the dealership waiting to get in.
In the meantime, I am without the car.
Shame on me for thinking that they would indeed do these things quickly once I had bought the car.
But, shame on them for their post-sales support.
I will never have anything to do with any Chapman dealership in the future.
It simply isn't worth it.
Update: First, in regard to the comment that the General Manager tried to reach me, I have not received any messages from him.
It is possible that he called and didn't leave a message but no message, in any form, has been received.
Thus, the comment about me not having returned their call is, at best, disingenuous but moreover reflects the manner that the dealer operates.
Second, they finally delivered the car after a week and a half and most of the dents were still there.
I am now just dealing with the dent people directly since I have no confidence in the dealership.

Stay away from client advisor Alexander Smith (especially when you come ONLY to test drive).
He would pressure you to buy the car.
Very non-BMW dealer characteristic.

This was the single worst car purchase experience of my life.
Some time ago I purchased a new 3 series from Chapman BMW.
When I received the warranty wallet card in the mail I noticed the "in service" date was wrong, and was dated 6 months prior to my purchase.
I called BMW to correct what I thought was a simple clerical problem, and was informed that my dealer had "punched" the car as in-service 6 months before I purchased it and that the warranty period would run from that date.
As a result of that action I didn't receive the well advertised full duration warranty and included maintenance...I received 6 months less.
Every page of the purchase documents were marked as a new car purchase, not a "Demo" and not a "Used" car.
The salesman even went to great lengths to tout the warranty and maintenance during the test drive.
After endless letters to the dealer and escalating this to BMW of America there was no satisfactory resolution.
BMW North America refused to stand up for the full warranty period and simply shoved me back to the dealer.
After much back and forth, Chapman sent me a letter promising they would honor the remaining 6 months warranty and maintenance.
When I asked what would happen if I moved out of state, they simply repeated that they would cover the warranty for 6 months, but could not extend that to other dealers.
After some research on the internet I learned that some less ethical dealers (like Chapman) "punch" cars to record them as in service (even though they have never been sold) so that they can collect dealer rebates from BMW.
Altogether a horrific buying experience.
I have since bought 2 additional BMW vehicles (an X5 and Z4), but from BMW North Scottsdale, where the sales process is honest and straightforward.

For 3 weeks I tried to buy a BMW from this dealership and all they want to do was play games.
The game's they wanted to play were trying to buy your car for under kelley blue book and their CPO cars for more than Kelley blue book.
Also I got the feeling that they didn't care if I bought a car from them or not, that I would be lucky if they sold me a car.
Also, they were horrible about getting back to me.
The problem is that Scottsdale BMW didn't have as good of inventory or I wouldn't have tried to for 3 weeks.
Scottsdale BMW was great.
I found a car I wanted, they initially priced it 1k under kelley blue book and gave me a fair price for my car.
Very little negation was needed.
They also treated me better during the process.
My sells man never left me for more than 1-2 minute during the whole process.
At chapman I told the guy we were in a hurry during our initial visit (had another appointment) and he promised me he would be gone for only 10 minutes, he was gone for 25 minutes.
I found him talking to the sales managers.
Another problem was our salesman would never give us an exact price on anything.
It was always a 2-3 thousand dollar range.

I have had a great first time experience with this dealership.
This is also my first BMW after trading in a very tired, but mostly reliable Ford Explorer '06 for a brand new 328i.
I would have considered a new Explorer, but both Ford of North Scottsdale and Camelback Ford's service departments were far from stellar and outright unprofessional on several occasions over the seven years I drove the car.
Bottom line, I have been impressed and satisfied with the service and professionalism of both Chapman BMW locations and I am loving every minute in my BMW.
Thanks to John Stanley for your prompt return to my inquiry about a trade in and for your time.
The Chicago connection was a plus.

I just took my 2010 3 series in for air conditioner service  last week.
My service rep, Kris Mason, was the best!
He took care of my car, gave me a loaner, because the repairs took all day, and helped me by going above and beyond anyone else I've ever dealt with.
I purchased this car in Hawaii and have had warranty work performed here in the past year and each time, the service personnel have been great.
I highly recommend them and will be back whenever I need service .

Having purchased my X3 merely one week ago, I am very pleased not only with getting this vehicle with all the options I wanted but also having professional staff to deal with ( particularly Matt, Lynn, and Renate).
They have been very attentive to my needs and I really appreciate the follow-up.

So disappointed with Chandler BMW service dept.
This started almost four weeks ago when our 1998 z-3 mid life crisis Beemer would not turn off.
Seems the ignition switch was bad.
Had the car towed over from the Costco parking lot just down the street.
The service dept called the following Monday morning and started the process of fixing it.
It seemed that ten days would be enough time to completely fix while going car-less but once picked up, my husband drove to work and it seemed like he was getting tail gated more than usual, almost rear-ended three times, finally another driver informed him that his brake lights were not working, ugh!
Does Chandler BMW not check out its work and make sure anything tied to steering column is again in working order?
Came in with ignition problem, left with no brake lights, terribly unsafe!
Husband called service dept and asked why ignition problem would be tied to brake lights and the technician was happy to look at it for another couple hundred bucks!
Excuse me?
Charge us for almost getting my husband rear ended in a small vehicle for BMW's mistake?
I think not!
Called our trusted mechanic who doesn't deal with BMW's security/key ignition issues and told him what service dept said.
He then researched and found out that "There is a switch that does attach at the base of the steering column that controls the brake lights.
If they didn't leave it unplugged, it can go bad" hmmm, no response from service dept manager after my husband did the right thing and gave him time to respond yesterday.
So, the Z-3 is in garage and we are using our daughter's van another week while waiting to hear back from service dept manager, hmmm update to come later!
So far, a minus star for the communication.
Lori Lane, Ahwatukee AZ Update:  Chapman BMW has communicated, update soon.

I am always very happy with the high level of customer service and quality I receive at Chapman BMW.
Matt is always very helpful and fast which makes servicing my car much more convenient...Thanks!

Crazy new I8 on the showroom floor.
Awesome car.
May have to break the piggy bank for this one.

This was my first experience with Chapman and I would say my last.
The buying process is that I had expected, back and forth on the pricing but very comfortable atmosphere.
But once you made the purchase that was the end of the customer service.
I made two calls to salesperson and no return call.
I was also told had 45 days to make the first payment but then was called by BMW and was told I only had 28 days so that's the first lie so far.
Second one is if there is anything I can do for give us a call we care about your business.
When y'all decide to call I have the second key to my trade in but I am not going to waste my money or time to mail if you are going to send it back to me again as unsolicited mail.

Service with a smile!
Which I imagine is surprising even if you buy a non high end BMW used car.
It is surprising to see nice election of pre owed cars there .
Was pleased with the sales staff and the car matching the description that was online, which is not often the case when you buy a car at a dealer  that you first  see on the internet.

So thank you for your generic response but I do not see the customer service in me making yet another call to Chapman BMW.
As my review states I have made a couple attempts to call but no call back and now you want me to call you.
The proper customer service is for you to call me.
I am not the one losing business.
I have a colleague that bought a new BMW this weekend and before his purchase he asked about my experience with Chapman so with my feedback he went to BMW of North Scottsdale.

