I will never shop here again!
From the beginning, we had problems.
A woman (who claimed to be the owner) originally told me that I could order this specific grey colored suit for my fiancee and his groomsmen, they could ship it out of state without a problem, and it would be $100 total for the vest, pant, and shirt.
Not only was she not the owner, when my fiance went in to get fit for his suit, they gave him all used items and claimed they were new, told us they don't ship and never have and charged him $120.00 for the whole thing when they only charged one of his groomsmen $80 for the entire suit and shipping (which they claim they don't do)  It didn't really bother us that there was a $20 difference.
What bothered us is when they told us a month before the wedding that they can't order the suit in any other sizes for the groomsmen.
They refunded us our money after an hour in the store with a salesman who made up figures that would total the refund.
You really do get what you pay for.
If I could give this store 0 stars, I would.

We recently were shopping in the mall and came across Nicks Menswear.
We thought that we would go in to check out their selection and prices.
My husband usually will buy suits at Nordstrom or Mens Warehouse.
We were impressed by the selection and quality of the suits.
The service was very personal and they were also knowledgeable about current trends.
There is definitely something for every budget, body style and size.
We would probably go somewhere else for dress shirts and ties since the selection wasn't what my husband was needing.
The stock was more basic colors and for those that are just starting a good shirt / tie wardrobe.
Thanks for the quick delivery on a suit from one of the other stores along with pant alterations.
We will be back!

Here's the question you have to ask yourself: how much trouble are you willing to go through for a good (not great) product?
The quality of service is really spotty: sometimes good (again, not great) and sometimes horrendous.
I dealt with the team in the Chandler Mall for our wedding and no one seemed to know what was going on at any given time.
One of my groomsmen was given the wrong suit (similar color, but not the same suit), even though we ordered and paid 3+ months in advance.
They're unwilling to fix their mistakes, difficult to get a hold of over the phone and again, all for only decent quality.
Furthermore, I disagree with the other reviewer: as far as men's suits go, they're not very knowledgeable about current trends and actually try to push you in the direction of their personal style (in our case, a middle-aged man who probably has pants 4 sizes bigger than our largest groomsman) instead of listening to what you actually want.
If you are willing to put in the time to call a million times and still possibly end up with the wrong stuff, I urge you to test your patience and go with Nick's.
If you want things to go smoothly, I recommend you consider other options.

