Ok so they are pretty pricey...but I pay out the *nose* for a good pair of jeans!!
I thought the young woman who helped me was very nice, friendly and professional.
I of course know my size and style so I don't generally need help but she did offer up some other styles that would fit similar to the BKE capris I picked out.
The punch card they offer is pretty cool, you do have to spend a lot...but anything in there does happen to cost a lot!!
I thought the store was very clean and professionally run, so congrats Buckle, I will be back!

This is where I go to get all my jeans and shorts.
I've occasionally found a nice watch, shirt or flip flops here too - but these guys really know their drawers.
Whenever one of my favorite styles come in they call and give me a heads up.

I had never seen this store - we don't have them where I live.
I am now a huge fan for when I travel to AZ.
It's a bit overwhelming walking in - lots and lots of selection and iterations of outfit possibilities...sheesh, you need a masters just to figure out what to choose.
Becca is who I go see - she's fun, bright, professional and has a keen eye for what looks good on her customers.
I love having new variety in my weekend wardrobe and especially being able to have her help selecting a few choice items.
I continue to get compliments on a jeans and fitted shirt outfit whenever I wear them.
Of course, I love them, too.
Had to get a few extra tops.
Next up are some great boots I have on hold...yippee!

I really feel this place is hit or miss in customer service.
I've been in to this store many times and I either feel bombarded by a salesperson or the opposite, completely ignored.
I think it should be more consistent for a store with a higher quality of clothing.
I would compare Buckle to the Guess store down the hall and Guess has great sales tactics.
So back to Buckle, the displays are very attractive and they make you want to construct a full outfit in the store.
Good plan guys!
It's totally worked on me.
I just feel that sometimes it's difficult to find your size, like if stock is low, they didn't much try to help me find the correct size.
We're out of it.
Thanks for really looking in to that for me!
Maybe call another store, try to get my business?
I hate to feel like I'm bothering someone to do their job for a $100+ clothing purchase.

