This store looks plenty big from the outside and has the whole grocery section and all, but as I was looking for a few specific items I was shocked at how sparse their selection was compared to most if the other Walmarts I've been to.
I did not find any motion sickness medicine at all.
They have practically no inexpensive makeup brands like the ones designed for preteens, like Wet and Wild, Olsen Twins, etc.
I was disappointed because I  thought it would be a piece of cake to run in here and grab what I came after.
Instead it took a long time to establish that they didn't have much of what I came for.
I'll have to try again at the Riverview location.

Walmart as a chain is okay.
his particular Walmart is horrible.
I have been here several times, and each time I have not been happy with the selection, the service or the attitude of the employees.
Go to the Walmart on Dobson and 8th street.

Once again I am disappointed by the lack of adequate staffing at the local Walmart.
I just wander around till I find what I need because there is no one to ask.
And don't get me started on the check out lines.
Why do I have to wait so long to give them my money?

I won't give them any stars but to be able to rate you have to give one or more!!!!
This store looks nice on the outside.
Now that is where (nice ends)!
We travel all over the USA and Walmarts are everywhere and we know what to expect.
So we thought, this is not so at this store at 240 Baseline Rd.
Mesa AZ.
This store has the filthiest restrooms in the USA!!
I feel bad for those that have to work there.
But I really feel bad for their guests.
If they just knew they could shop anywhere else and be treated as a guest ,as they deserve!!
This store has dropped to BALL.
We will never return and my advice is you go to another Walmart.
Until they retrain Management staff.

This is your typical Walmart.
I would have given it 4 stars; but, I came to this location to pickup an item I purchased online and when I got there it wasn't assembled.
I live 20+ minutes away and was told it would take 4-5 hours to assemble it.
With that kind of wait time, I wasn't going to "shop around.
"  So I went home and waited for them to call me and let me know my grill had been assembled.
Dave, was the associate helping me and he was very friendly.
I only wish I had to go to the store once and not twice: that would have inspired a 4 star rating.
;)  **On a side note, someone REALLY needs to change the cover photo.
LOL

It took forever (20 minutes).
Where were the register employees.
When you think of all the negative things related to Walmart, its all true because of the lack or register employees.
1pm in the afternoon.
Midnight, I understand, but 1 in the afternoon?
Get more self scan register.
I don't plan on going here again.
I can think of other places to waste my time.
Dislike

I know it was the weekend before Christmas, but this was nuts!
I am disabled and have a very hard time walking a lot sometimes.
No electric carts to be found.
When I asked, the associate said they didn't have any.
Talk about being disabled unfriendly!
Never again!

It's walmart.
I come here for the cheapness, the fact they practically have everything & oh ya the people of walmart brighten my day

Your typical Wal-Mart...lots of confusion, barely any open registers to pay, and clueless employees who don't know where to find certain things when asked.
I don't expect them to know everything but when they are working the health and beauty section  and you're trying to find a certain type of makeup, you would think they would know their section pretty well.
They mean well, but are just not that helpful.
I avoid using the restroom in this store because it is ALWAYS filthy in there!
I would rather hold it and go elsewhere.

All Wal-Marts suck.
This one especially is an anomaly.
Around Easter, they got rid of the lamb shanks they sold at $7/each and replaced them with a huge rack of lamb, wait for it... for $40!!!
On the same visit, I saw a cardboard display with a bin full of 50 cent spices.
I think "all right, found a deal".
Wrong.
Happened to notice the ingredients on so-called "lemon pepper" and the list read like a chemistry book.
When I buy $1 spices at Fry's, I don't have to read the ingredients to know what I'm getting.
Regardless of the number of items in your cart, one thing or a mountain of stuff, it takes 30 minutes to get through a line.
That was my last shopping experience at ANY Wal-Mart and it's been a few years.
I value my sanity.

I swear I don't know why I keep coming back, i think it's the cheap ass prices but not the long lines and very unhelpful staff.
And when you finally get to the front of the line because I guess its a rule to have 100 ppl waiting in line and have 1 reg.
lane open 1 express lane for people with 1 items or less?????
Who comes here for less than fifteen items??
if you need a drink or tissue paper go to a CVS less lines and probably better service!!!
Here's a tip!
Since the employees here are so damn lazy if you bring up an item to the register and it doesn't have a price tag, you get to play guess the price and you get the item for HALF the price you thought it would be.
Your welcome.

Out of all the Walmarts I've been too I hate this one the most  and it is mismanaged from the top-down.
It's always the same thing.
They consistently fill in the gaps with over stocked items.
It reeks of desperation of trying to unload un-wanted inventory on me.
Basically, trying to get me to buy what they want, and not what I want.
Its no way to run a store.
What's even worse  through the check out they ask if you found everything okay.
Like a fool I waste my time explaining to them what they we're out of .They either have no reply or just the half-hearted sorry.
There are far better run Walmart's then this one that do keep correct inventory and have employees that actually care.
Stay away if you can

This walmart sucks!
I was trying to find the MP3 players and when I finally spotted someone to help me.
She gave me the "Wait" finger hardly looking my way and walks off.
She never came back!
I sear I hate the monopoly Walmart creates in this economy.
They take over and treat the customers like crap, but we keep coming back to save money!
Smh!
Walmart holds they customers hostage with their low pricing!

AVOID THE LITTLE OLD LADY IN ELECTRONICS!
I came to this walmart to pickup a new movie that came out because the walmart near me hadn't stocked it yet and said "try back at 7am".
So I get here and head to electronics to find out they're not stocked yet and I ask this old lady when they'll be stocking it.
I get a quick and disgruntled answer of "I got it right here.
Blu ray or DVD?
Well you want it or not?
"  So I get what I wanted and I start looking at laptops.
When I find what I want I look for the old lady to get it for me and she is nowhere to be found.
A few minutes go by and I find an employee to get her for me.
Well she comes out from the back and the the interaction goes as follows "You want something?
" "Well yeah" "Yeah....what?
" "Well I was thinking..." (Looking towards a laptop) "No" "Well..." "No, we're all out of those and aren't getting any soon.
Anything else?!
" "No thanks ._.
"  And I just walk away shocked at how this employee acted towards me.
All I wanted was a movie, a $350 laptop, and $80 hard drive, but all I got was a disgruntled employee and my feelings a little hurt by how she treated me as a customer.

Great thing about Wal-Mart is you know exactly where most things are at, the prices are almost always about as low as you can get, and they have just about anything you could want.
Now for the bad...
Most the time I don't need help, in fact I usually get annoyed at a store like this when someone offers unsolicited help.
However, at this store, if I ever do need help, I can never find an associate, and if I do find someone, they often refuse to help because it's not their department or they are on break.
I have had several experiences in ordering photos where it has taken over 15 minutes just to get someone to grab my already printed and paid for photos.
Once I even walked behind the counter and gotten them myself because I was sick if waiting.
If you know what you want, Wal-Mart is always dependable.
If you are not sure what you are looking for, forget about getting any help at this Wal-Mart.

Who am I kidding.
I can give Walmart a low rating but will I go back?
Of course!
Walmart has everything.
You name it, they have it, and that's the best thing about them is that you can pick up automotive parts, electronics, toys, furniture and go grocery shopping all under the same roof!
Just beware!
I'm sure you've heard of the old adage: you get what you pay for.
Meaning, if you skimp on price, you'll skimp on quality.
Walmart is a perfect example of this!
Even on their 'higher end' products that you can find at true higher end stores, Walmart must get the bottom of the barrel ones and pass the savings (ie lower quality) on to you...but if you are on a tight budget Walmart is the place for you.
Just don't complain when you have to replace what you bought after a year...

