Growing up and spending my most of my life in San Diego, Ca, I became accustomed to fine "Hole in the wall" Mexican food.
One of my greatest disappointments upon moving to the Valley, was not being able to find the same quality of carne-a-sada burrito, quac, and salsa that I was used to.
And then I found Herreras...
Pretty much the only thing I get here (because I'm a creature of habit and it's sooo good) is the Carne-a-sada burrito and a cheese quesadilla w Guac on the inside.
In fact, I've ordered it so often, this combo is now a "secret" item on the menu...all you have to do is ask for the "TN Special", the ladies there know what it is...it'll run you about $10 plus a drink cost, but it will also fill you up for the rest of the day!
Great service, great food, makes me miss San Diego just a little less...

Decent Mexican food.
Best thing open 24 hours!!
Egg chorizo burrito is pretty good.

I have eaten here at least 50 times.
Normally get an Arizona burrito with a side of guacamole.
It has everything you need.
Meat cheese tortilla potatoes and guac!
I have never had a bad experience here, except that time they forgot my guac!
Yes I was distraught...
But I still had a burrito.
Super nachos are good as well for those late night after bar times.
Better than filibertos IMO.

Herrera's is probably better then every mexican food joint in its category.
I'll even go as far as better than most fancy mexican restaurants.
The 2 things that keep me coming back are  1.
) consistency - the food is always great, they literally never skip a beat.
) I'm a clean freak, and let me tell you they keep their restaurant CLEAN.

Herrera's is better than alot of other Mexican food places in the area and their one dollar bean burrito Mondays are very good in the burrito and on the chips.

Ohh yea.
Im a sucka for chip and salsas.
Yummmm.
I kept going back for more chips.
Hehe :)  this place is just any other mexican restaurant.
But if course I came during lunch time, not after the club after 3am for the munchies.
Haha.
THE BEAN and RICE was so tasty.
Idk what and how they cook their rice, but it has some kind of sweet pure taste to it.
I don't even care.
I like it :))

You can't go wrong with this joint!
I've never had bad experience and there food is always on point from the breakfast burritos to the carne asana fries!
Me and the fiancé love this place!
Awesome customer service and clean!
The 24 hour drive thru is a plus as well!

Short and simple the staff are nice and friendly, really great food, and the place is always clean.
Probably the greatest Mexican restaurant in Peoria.

Not sure why everyone is raving about this place.
My husband and I just moved into the area and we were looking for a good place to enjoy good breakfast burritos that had a drive thru.
We read the reviews about this place and assume we couldn't go wrong.
Boy was that a mistake.
I got the potato, egg and cheese and it was so dry the only thing that made it edible was my homemade salsa.
My husbands chorizo burrito was so overcooked that it was inedible.
Why was shocking because I have never seen him put food aside no matter how bad.
We couldn't believe that they would put out food that was such poor quality.
He works in the food industry and commented that if one of his employees ever served food that bad he would fire them.
Instead of going back and giving the manager an earful we decided we would never go back.
We just realized that we read all the great reviews and were burned so we decided to write an honest one in case there are any people with standards looking forward to a great meal, so they aren't greatly disappointed.
That is the least we can do for fellow foodies.

The menu items and prices shown here is old, they raised their prices this month.
All their breakfast burritos are expensive at $4.99 and they're smaller.
The food is very good depending who's cooking in the back.
The owner-manager cooks way better than that older woman who occasionally cooks, she makes the burritos smaller and the beans "runny.
"  I use to love their egg and cheese burrito but it's expensive too.
I wanted to give them 4 stars but since prices went up I have to be honest.
There are other restaurants who charged higher prices for everything else but not the egg & cheese burrito.
As far as the potato, egg, and cheese burrito, I don't like theirs because they don't peel the skin off of it so I get that burrito elsewhere.
Now I've stopped getting their bean burritos on Mondays because it stopped being good and they're smaller.
They're getting greedy like Mixteca and Carolina's and the only entrée I like at Mixteca is their fish tacos.
For months since my brother told me about this restaurant how good their burritos and soup are, but they are greedy now.
The photos are exaggerated, they are smaller and too pricey.

