I have been to many different Panda Express locations.
Some in malls, some drive thru, some walk up.
I have found the food to be pretty consistant and decent.
It was about 5:30 on a Saturday evening and I had just finished running some errands.
I saw the Panda Express and thought that would be a good option since I have been experiencing a medical issue and I am not supposed to be on my feet for too long.
I pulled in and took a quick glace at my options.
When the server came up to take my order she acted as if she could care less.
I asked for string bean chicken but upon close look it appeared as if it had been sitting there for most of the afternoon.
I said to her "those beans do not look good"  Her response was "do you still want it?
"  Really??
No, no and no!
I got the broccoli beef instead but it was not much better upon tasting it when I got home.
I also got the honey walnut shrimp.
The coating was rubbery, not crisp, which would indicate to me that most of the food had been sitting around for some time.
The server should have asked if I would like to wait while they made a fresh batch.
That would have been good customer service.
Instead she got my order together, rang it up, and that was that.
No thank you or anything.
And there was one other person being waited on while I was there.
It was not as if they were swamped with people.
Sorry but I'm not sure I will be going back to this particular location.
There are others near me that have done a far better job.
Management needs to do a check on their employees and refresh their memories as to what good customer service really is and how to achieve that.
I also gave them my opinion since they offer a free entree for filling out their survey online.
Hopefully someone will get the point.

Worst panda I've been to.
little food and stale.
they charged me a dollar for a shrimp item, just to find out there was only 3 shrimps and the rest vegetables and it was rubbery.
disgusting.

Always decent.
Never great but when you need fast food chinese this is your place.

I'm the only one here slow down, manager Kathleen isn't a very good people person.
I would probably demote her to back of the restaurant so she can't interact with anyone.

I've been here several times, not the most attentive place.
Food is what you would expect, come in outside the peak business hours and its not so tasty.

The Angus Steak entree was old when we went in.
The manager had them prepare a fresh yummy one for me.
It was great!
I think I might just start asking them to do this regularly,

Not yelping the food cause its panda express.
Everyone knows what the food is.
Ot would ne like a nogmac review.
There is no need to review the food.
but the girlfriend is very mad because the lady behind the counter was rude then screwed up her order.
and then had an attitude when I tried to get it corrected.
then the people after us had to wait.
no hi welcome or anything like that.
then she proceeds to screw up that order as well.
god thing its counter servi ce.
then the drive in window clerk has to correct her also.
I really have never seen anything like this.
if you cant hear customers im sure there are easier jobs that pay the same.

Contrary to what john thinks Kathleen was awesome!
Also.. You can ask them for a fresh batch.. Who knew opening your mouth politely could reap such rewards!

Panda has a drive-thru?
Maybe it's all the memories of Panda Express in the food court, but the drive-thru surprised me.
It was, however, a pleasant surprise as I was looking for some quick (but not "fast") food to take home, and wanted to be seen by as few people as I could in my sweaty workout attire.
The nature of this kind of restaurant doesn't lend to as speedy of a drive-thru experience as your typical fast-food chains, but in this case it was worth it to avoid getting out of the car.
Points for enabling the lazy.
The food is pretty standard from Panda to Panda.
Contrary to popular belief there is actually no panda meat in the food, but chicken, beef, shrimp, and plenty of veggies.
The orange chicken is mine and America's favorite dish, but I also love the beef and broccoli.
I think there's more room for error with beef than with chicken, though, when it comes to anything made in bulk.
I choose half noodles/half fried rice, which is the best of both worlds.
All that for right around $7 puts it a little pricey for the average lunch, but not bad if you consider the alternative was probably a Big Mac.
This location appears to be conveniently located at the intersection of Ray and the 101, but is awkward to get out of, due to the no-left-turns onto Ray.
To get back to the 101 you have to go all the way around the shopping center.
If I wasn't planning to turn right, I probably wouldn't do it at all and even that was a winding road.

I got food poisoning from this place last night.
Not only that but the chicken tasted soggy and stale, should of known not to eat it in the first place, that's how their food usually turns out unless you ask for a fresh batch.
But now that I've actually gotten sick from the food, yuck!!
NEVER EATING AT PANDA AGAIN

