I wish there were more independent coffee shacks around but it seems that for convenience sake, there is always a Starbucks.
With that said...
I met a friend at Starbucks the other day, it is always pretty nice because of the outdoor patios.
This is a stand alone location which makes parking super great.
Howie-my new 4-legger needs to continue to work on his socialization skills.
So this was a perfect opportunity.
Well, lets just say Howie enjoyed the cigarette butts on the ground and chewed gum that the staff does not clean up.
Well, I would expect the person who was smoking or chewing gum to dispose of their trash in the bin, but there was NO bin outside.
Now that seemed odd to me.
Anyway, they should keep a tidy environment.
The peppermint latte I had ordered was pretty darn good.
There are only 5 tables on the patio and no umbrellas?
really?
I know it is winter but the sun is so bright it would have been nice.
For the size of the place I was surprised that their patio was not larger.
All in all an OK adventure.

Slow service, not always the most pleasant staff but my drink has never been messed up.

Okay, so I love Starbucks ~ actually their caramel macchiatos:      * whole milk, single venti, no foam, extra whipped cream, upside down,          caramel macchiato!
NICKIE (at this specific location) makes THE SMOOTHEST caramel macchiatos .
ever .
every single time!
I have found EVERY employee at this location to be courteous, friendly, outgoing, kind .
and they even have puppy bones!!

Love the drive thru at this location.
They keep it moving pretty quick and are always friendly.

I hit this place everyday.
They are by far the fastest Starbucks Ive ever been to.
Sad to see some of the old employees move on..Brandon was a pretty awesome GM.
Always said hello, and made you feel like you were walking into his home!
Keep up the good work.
I will be back.

My recent experience was amazing.
Chris was extremely friendly and helpful with my drink order.
The iced coffee macchiato was the way to go.
I'm very pleased and will visit again.
Thanks to Chris this is my favorite Starbucks.
;-)

Almost always quick and professional.
The get my order right.
They are friendly and classy.
James works weekends.
He is handsome young guy who teases about wearing his pjs to work because I always show up in mine thru the drive thru.
Even though sometimes Starbucks tastes strong I love it and would pick it first

I have been here many times and I always get a good customer service!
Free wifi and affordable drinks?!
Sure.

This Starbucks location is slightly smaller than the location I usually go to in Las Vegas.
Although, there is still ample seating for parties of 1 & 2.
The line was short and the staff seemed very sweet.
This location has a drive-thru and the restroom was clean.

Very nice little shop with quality staff.
Not real wheelchair friendly as there is always a lot of display product narrowing the aisles.

