This is, by far, the cleanest most professional nail spa in the southeast valley.
I have been going there for about 9 mos.
I have tried many salons but they just don't match up.
Way to go Cindy!

I used to love this place.
Finally found a place that gives great designs for pedicures.
Problem is there is never anyone qualified around to do them.
Today was the final break.
After 4 attempts at a gel manicure I'm done.
Problem is, most of these businesses aren't too concerned about their regulars leaving since they do such bulk.
What ever happened to caring for the customer base?

I love this place!
Everyone is nice and friendly.
Henry does such a great job on pink and whites!!
I have been coming here for over a year and have never had any problems.

Yay!

I only tried this place because my regular place was booked for several hours and me being impatient wanted a pedicure NOW.
They fit me right in with about 15 minutes notice.
First impression - much like other nail salons but clean, all of the tools were sterile in packets and the tubs were being scrubbed when I walked in.
The young man who did my pedicure was very detail oriented and gave a pretty darn good massage.
He even complimented me on how I kept my feet pretty.
FYI they do prefer cash for the tip.
For the price their top of the line pedicure was on $42 and that was with the scrub/ hot stone massage/callus removal and oil/lotion rub.

They do good work.
But you have to wait!
Even when I make a appointment I still have to wait.
Good work, nice staff, only downside is the wait

Prompt service and great service.
Will be back.
Lady friends new favorite nail place.

FINALLY!!!!
PEOPLE THAT KNOW HOW TO DO NAILS!!!!!!!!
after recently moving from Florida to Arizona I was LOST when it came to finding a new salon.
I chose a salon out of convenience at first which damn near destroyed my nails.
No bueno.
I thought all hope was lost and I was just destined to not my nails look like anything but what a raptor with leprosy's claws would.
No joke.
Wasn't cute.
Mani pedi day rolled around and my friend searched high and low for a perfect salon when her other friend suggested this one... and we totally decided that it was worth me driving from Scottsdale to Chandler to find out.
I got the Classic Spa Pedicure.
Was a little miffed that no one bothered to inform me that this did not include callus removal, but that's ok.
The massage was a little weak, but hey... She was a tiny little lady.
The job she did on my toes seeeeeriously made up for it.
Just... wow.
Clean and thorough and just wonderful AND she was a total sweetheart that carried a super awesome conversation the whole way through.
My nail guy?
Patience of a saint.
Seriously.
He did some serious surgery to get my old nasty raptor claws off and nearly took his own eye out in the process, poor poor guy.
I apologize for the sheer amount of bulbous gel and acrylic you had to hammer through!!!!
He was FAST and EFFICIENT and did a FANTASTIC job!!!!
I LOVE my nails!
I love their shape!
I LOVE the detail in my designs!!!!
The only thing I did NOT love about this place?
Our appointment was at 5:10 - no one looked at us until 5:30, my friend sat until 6:00 and I sat in the pedi-chair while my water went from perfectly deliciously hot to freezing cold before my pedicurist sat with me.
She left mid-job to finish the toes of another client.
They lost a star there, but other than that?
This place is AMAZING!!!!
I WILL be back!

This is my favorite nail place and I've tried a lot in the east valley!
I even drive a 25 minute drive to get there passing other nail salons.
Coffee rush next door is a big bonus too, other than how awesome they do nails.

Love this place!
Their pedicures are amazing (and a good price), and the gel manicures last a long time.
The staff is very friendly and super detailed.
Can't say enough good things about it!

This is by far my favorite place to get my nails done!
I usually see Cindy.. She is the best.
Any of them are great though!
They are very friendly and even know me by name.
Always clean as well.
I've read people complaining about how long they wait or how busy it is..
But isn't that a good sign?
And honestly they are good enough for me to wait for.
They can't control how many people walk in their door.
They want to be able to take care of everyone!
Highly recommend!

