Last time I went there I was almost done with my sandwich by the time I got my smoothie.
Even though I was like 1 of 3 customers in there at the time.
Aka not busy.
If there wasn't so much sugar in them, I would have a smoothie for breakfast every morning.

If you want a light, healthy, and tasty lunch this is the place to go.
There are plenty of options for sandwiches, wraps, salads, and smoothies.
They have a lot of flavors for their smoothies and they all taste great.
I love the coffee flavored ones.
If you are too tired and don't want to get out of your car, they have a drive through for you.
The service is always nice and the place is even great for a study spot.

I feel like I'm eating healthy whenever I eat here even though in reality that may not be the case.
I have been her for all three meals once and each time, I wanted to come back.
As the name says, you can get a bunch of different fruit smoothies here (and yes there are tropical fruit assortments).
I've gotten the carrot one, acai berry, strawberry banana, and blueberry one before.
They were all delicious minus the occasional brain freeze (tip: put your tongue on the roof of your mouth, it helps)   As for food, they got these yummy wraps (buffalo chicken and thai chicken are my favorites) and flatbreads which are also great (baja chicken and Carribean chicken).
They have a sweet deal on Mondays for a flatbread, drink, and chip or fruit for $5.
Flatbread combos everyday are quite affordable anyways though (5.99).
Overall, this is a quick place with quality food and you feel like you're getting the full serving of veggies and fruits!

It is nice that they offer their smoothies with Splenda.
There are many options under 250 calories and they're even 24 oz, not 16 oz like Jamba Juice.

I called ahead to see what time they closed and found out the drive-thru stays open until 9pm which was a bonus.
When I arrived I ordered the Hummus Veggie Wrap and a smoothie.
The hummus wrap was unexpectedly spicy, nice surprise!
Since I couldn't decide on a smoothie, I decided to "make my own".
I mixed strawberry lemonade with peach & pineapple.
So good!
I loved the sandwich: chock full 'o veggies and spicy!
I wish there was a location in Scottsdale!

Love the Blimey Limey!
Always consistent!

I come here almost every morning for my breakfast smoothie.
Staff is always friendly and the smoothies and always good.
They are much cheaper then other smoothie places and you get more.
I personally think they taste better as well.
They also allow you to change up the ingredients in the smoothies to you liking.

I've been here a couple times and have never really loved what I've gotten.
Their smoothies are alright (I prefer the ones from Thrive and Jamba Juice).
And their food is so so -- smallish portions but at least it leaves you feeling light and less stuffed.
When I was still eating meat, I had ordered a chicken wrap once that I didn't finish because it was kinda yucky and on another visit, tried their fish tacos which were actually pretty tasty.
Have tried their cookies as well and wasn't impressed.
This time around, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they now offer "meatless chicken strips" by Beyond Meat, which I asked them to sub for the roast beef in their Wasabi Caesar sandwich.
The meatless chicken, while super flavorful and tasty, was hard and rubbery in texture which was a definite minus but the rest of the sandwich was good.
Overall, not my favorite place but also not the worst.

Totally excited about a vegan menu and dairy-free smoothies!!
They have such a healthy menu & can substitute anything with soy!!
Also has a drive-thru and soy chicken!

This was my first time coming to this specific tropical smoothie.
The young girl behind the counter Bre helped me out greatly, I didn't know what to get and she recommended me to some yummy smoothies.
I ultimately got the chocolate smoothie and I wasn't disappointed!
I've never had amazing customer service like this before, I will come out to this location for now on, even though its a little bit longer drive its worth it!
Thanks Bre and everyone at Tropical Smoothie, my new home away from home!

