I'm surprised I had never eaten at El Pollo Loco.
But Jeff Lewis seems pretty fond of it, either that or El Pollo Loco pays him extreme amounts of money to eat it on the show.
And I LOVE that show, so I thought I might love El Pollo Loco, too.
I went with the twice grilled chicken burrito, not sure if the twice grilled part referred to grilling the chicken twice or grilling the chicken once and then grilling the burrito.
It was the latter.
Anywho, filled with chicken breast, pico, sour cream, guac, and a little cheese, it was quite tasty, and probably pretty healthy wouldn't you think?
I like that you get a little bag of tortilla chips with your order.
Also sampled the black beans, but they were a barbeque bean, not my thing.
It was fun to see strawberry soda on the fountain, too, which I had to have, much to my husband's horror.
This from the man who drinks orange soda routinely.
The restaurant was reasonably clean, but my shoes stuck to the floor, perhaps from someone else's sickeningly sweet strawberry soda.
It was a nice change to have your order brought to the table.
I hate the lingering at the counter you get at most fast food restaurants.
Too bad my somewhat healthy burrito had 796 calories, and 39g of fat.
While I might return to El Pollo Loco if convenient, I wouldn't go out of my way for that kind of nutrition.
I would opt for a (insert name)berto burrito instead.
And BTW, you can catch the new season of Flipping Out Tuesdays on Bravo.
Now that's useful information!

SHAME, SHAME, SHAME!!!
What in the world has happened to El Pollo Loco?
I've eaten at EPL perhaps 100?
times, & ALWAYS had 4 & 5 Star experiences at each & every one of them, but not today!
In fact, I started eating here back in the early 80s when there were only 2 locations in the U.S.... One on the west side of downtown L.A. & the other (mine) in Hollywood.
Later, they expanded, but everything was still fine.
Then Denny's bought them, uh-oh!
No, actually, the only bad things Denny's did was make the corn on the cob smaller, cut you down to 2 tortillas on the side instead of 3, & charge a dollar extra if you wanted a breast & a wing vs. a leg & a thigh.
That wasn't really a problem, & EPL continued to be an excellent place to eat.
Denny's sold the chain a while back, & right now the owner is "Trimaran Capital Partners".
Here's how it was at this location today:  *  The 2 Piece Combo that I have been ordering for 30 years is gone!
Now, you are forced to buy a drink with it, & the price has skyrocketed!
*  You still get 2 sides with your combo, but now the best of them are GONE!
They dropped the tasty potato salad a while back, ok, but now you can't get their delicious Tortilla Soup as a side, or their (also very good ) Carne Asada Chili, for examples.
*  The salad bar was FILTHY!
There was food all over the serving table, but not in the bowls where it belonged, & the salsa that I like, the Guacamole, was EMPTY.
SHAME, SHAME, SHAME!!

Went to El Pollo Loco with some friends for lunch and saw they have new burritos on the menu, so I decided to try the Poblano,  it was a good size burrito, don't really need a combo meal with it cuz it's a meal in its self, it has chicken, avocado, rice, beans, corn, cilantro, onions and cheese with salsa wrapped in a gold wrapping (um kinda like Chipotle).
The flavor was good and I would have it again but looking forward to trying the other new ones in their line up!
Good lunch choice!

Ok, after a new, much better experience at another Valley El Pollo Loco, I feel that I need to back off a little on my rant against this one.
Yes, they are all forcing you to buy a drink as part of the combo (usually), but they have discount coupons that are easy to get, including on your serving tray, which brings lunch down to $5 including a drink, even with white meat.
That's a great deal.
Yes, some of the best sides are gone too, but I realize they have to worry about costs, & I did fine on my next EPL visit.
The side salad was big & good, & steamed veggies (broccoli & carrot slices) make a healthy choice over fries or whatever for the other side dish, for just 20 cents extra.
Not keeping the salad bar area clean & stocked still holds this EPL down to 2 Stars for now, but there's hope!
I'll stop back in here again before long, because when everything's right they're a solid 4 Stars, & overall this chain still rocks!
:-))  2 Piece Meal is now down to $6.29 (leg & thigh) or $7.29 (breast & wing) including drink, but either for only $5 or sometimes $3.99 without drink, using readily available coupons!

WOW!
Do businesses read our reviews here on Yelp?
Maybe they do!
Everything at this EPL location on today's visit was so much better than my last time here just 7 weeks ago, it was amazing!
This time, the whole restaurant including the salsa bar & the bathroom was immaculately clean, the salsa & other goodies were being kept fully stocked, & the service was fast & SUPER friendly & attentive!
...All just about the opposite of what it was before!
2-Piece Meal with 2 sides, plus 2 tortillas & help yourself drinks:  Good value at $6.49 (l&t)/$7.49 (b&w), or SUPER VALUE for either at $5 with the coupon they gave you on your last visit!
This was the most amazing improvement I have ever seen at a restaurant, & this EPL becomes my new favorite of them for the whole Valley, with their great dining room & everything else!
:-))

I really like this El Pollo Location.
There's always some on going promotion or coupons in circulation.
The service is fast and friendly even throughout lunch rush.
The last time I went here it was going to take a long time for them to cook my taquito so the manager gave me a free taco so I could start eating while I waited.
I love the side selection variety and the salsa bar.
This place makes it easy to eat relatively healthy for cheap.
Although this is a chain I would gladly welcome them into my neighborhood over a Del Taco any day.

3.5 stars.
I was parched one hot summer day so I stopped by for some diet coke.
I've always steered clear of these places because frankly they look sketch.
No one wants to eat somewhere called "The Crazy Chicken.
"  Nevertheless, decided to get food because it's impossible to resist while you're staring at the pictures on the drive thru menu as you wait for them to take your order.
The guy in the box introduced himself by name (nice touch)!
They have big windows throughout the drive thru so you can see what's going on in the kitchen and watch them not spit in your food as they make it.
Luis did a great job on our chicken al carbon tacos and rice, bean, and cheese burrito off the value menu.
Better than Taco Bell meat pump.
Also, their selection of salsa comes in plastic containers not ketchup packets.
All in all, pleasantly surprised and definitely converted.
I'll be back.

I have been in training for a new job close to the mall so I got tired of eating junk food, I always liked Pollo Loco, but they closed near me.
How I miss them, its great chicken and good healthy sides.
A step up from fast food.

I love El Pollo Loco and their food is always served fresh and hot.
The service is really good at this location and I have never had any problems.
They always make sure you have what you need and if not they are quick to get it.
As long as they keep doing things the right way, I will remain a loyal customer :)

Not a great location, everything was old looking and tasting.
Maybe because this is right by the mall?
Either way, take the drive and visit another location.

Errands had me over here by Baseline & the 10 at dinnertime, so I decided to hit a local restaurant.
I like Aunt Chilada's but since it had been almost 2 1/2 years since visiting this El Pollo Loco, I decided to whip over here.
This fast casual restaurant has a large, very comfortable dining room & the staff members were perky & cheerful today, just as I remember from last time.
I went with a 2 Pc.
Leg & Thigh Meal, with Mashed Potatoes & Gravy, Side Salad (with 2 Pkgs.
of Ranch Dressing), corn tortillas, cups of red hot sauce & Guacamole sauce, & ice water to drink.
(Photo)  It was only $5.49 for everything, & a completely delicious & enjoyable dinner...  for less than half the price of Aunt Chilada's a couple of blocks down the street!
:-))

There's no excuse for such bad quality of meat for such an expensive burrito.
And beware because it has bones.

