Mercie J is the most honest, down to earth auto repair shop I have ever been to.
They diagnosed my issue with my car for free!
I told them I could bring back my car after my next paycheck and they actually told me a few things I could do to help the issue until I could bring it back.
That has never happened with another repair shop so I really appreciate their help.I have recommended them to everyone in my family and all of my friends as well!

Lately it's been so difficult to find an honest auto repair shop.
It seems like all these ads say they're honest and family owned and you end up feeling ripped off or over sold on a repair you didn't need.
These guys at mercie j never cease to amaze me.
they tell me what's wrong but say that i have other priorities and things that need immediate repair.
I dig this about them!
Honest is an understatement for these guys.
I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THEM FOR MAJOR REPAIRS AND MONTHLY MAINTENANCE!
CALL ME IF YOU NEED TO ASK ME QUESTIONS ABOUT THEM 602.561.7575

Honest!
Is the best way to describe Mercie J!
I wouldn't go anywhere else!

I couldn't recommend them more.
Gear friendly service.
Very trustworthy, which becomes apparent as soon as they call you back with the status of your car.
Very good at explaining problems and available solutions.
They seem interested in fixing your car properly but also seem aware that you may not have money to just throw away on guesswork.

Someone from my moms church recommended she go here.
I don't know who he dealt with when he took his car in, but our experience with John was not pleasant.
Tried to tell us the car needed more work than it actually did.
We already knew what repairs it needed going in.
Isn't this one of the biggest fears when taking your car somewhere?
Thank goodness for bumper to bumper who has honest & professional mechanics.
Mercie J said it would cost $600 to fix the issue with my stick shift, but bumper to bumper fixed it for $100.
Huge price difference.
Avoid this place like the plague.

Mercie J is an incredible auto shop because of the excellent leadership of its owner, Rick Smith.
Rick is one of those honest, salt of the earth guys that you can trust to advise you about your car.
From my first visit, I knew Mercie J would be the place I go for all major repairs.

As a former employee (shop cleanup 2009), I can say that these are some of the most hardworking and honest mechanics I've met.
They keep a clean shop, get work done when they show up every day, and maintain honesty and transparency with their customers.
They don't typically work on luxury cars which is the only downside I know about this place.
We (my family) have been taking our cars here for years.
I would highly recommend Mercy J.
Auto Care, you will not be disappointed.

