This is by far the best authentic Mexican experience I have had since living in Arizona.
Truly a magnificent find and a must for enthusiasts of this cuisine.
If it is great food you are looking for, search no further.
An advocate of family run restaurants, this is up there for the food and the warmth of the family.
Mom and Dad Maria and Rafael Casillas along with children Rafael, Maria, Jose and Mario dedicate their time and contribute to the success of this place.
Most of the recipes have been passed down from Maria's Mom, Abuelita Christina, who hails from Guadalajara.
The name of the Restaurant translates to "This is My Land," so named so that this wonderful family could honor and share their culture and traditions.
If you ask each family member what their favorite dish is, there is hesitation because they cannot choose just one.
I have to agree, it is that good.
The biggest sellers are the shrimp dishes.
Cocktel de Cameron(Mexican Shrimp Cocktail) is available in two sizes and ridiculously priced at $6.95 and $12.95.
Both seem endless.
Try the Shrimp and Octopus Cocktail.
One of my all time favorite's is the Tostada De Ceviche De Cameron or Shrimp Tostada.
If you like shrimp and lime, this is your Appetizer at $1.95!
Several shrimp entrees to choose from with many different sauces and all priced at a very modest $8.95.
Enjoy a Mojarra Frita(Whole Fried Tilapia) for only $9.95.
One of the most popular Soups or Sopa is Siete Marez .
It includes fish, octopus.
shrimp, clams, crab and more.
$11.95   Other Sopas served are Shrimp, Fish and Meatball.
Menudo is served on Saturday and Sunday.
$4.95 - $8.95.
Traditional Mexican Fare and combos such as Enchiladas, Tacos Frito, Flautas, Tamales, Burritos and a variety of Tortas are available but a must try is the Taco Tray, claiming to serve 4 people and priced at $19.95.
I guarantee that you will have leftovers.
Choose from ground and shredded beef, steak, pork and chicken along with the standard accompaniments and rice and beans, served in a nifty round tray with individual compartments.
Other entrees include Carne Asada, Steak Picado, Chile Verde, Carnitas, Barbcoa, Pollo En Mole - just too many to list.
The Salsa Verde is the best I have tasted and they will even make it with shrimp or chicken instead of pork, if you so desire.
$4.95 - $9.95 in the two aforementioned categories.
I could not end this review without a mention of the full bar and many beverages.
Asi offers a large selection of tequila's, liqueur's, great and multi-flavored Margarita's, Pina Colada's, Bloody Mary's, Chi- Chi's, Tequila Sunrises, Martinez's and Red Hawaiians.
Average price - $3.50!
If beer is your thing, there is a large selection of domestic and imported beers, starting at $2.50.
Banana, strawberry, chocolate and vanilla shakes are also offered at $2.50.
Ask for traditional Mexican drinks like Tamarindo or a Jamaica.
Horchata, a Mexican Rice Drink is served on weekends.
Breakfast is served from 9 - 11 am  Asi is open from 9 am - 8pm except for Wednesday when it closes at 5.

I would give 5 stars based on food only, but I am also rating decor.
A very friendly family owned and operated place.
Tables & Chairs are a bit old, but everything is very clean.
The Mother, Father or Adult Children are the people serving and preparing your food.
It is truly from their family to you and your's.
Shrimp cocktail (de cameron) is great!
The shrimp octopus cocktail is even better.
Taco de Carne Asada ( Steak) or Taco de Lungua with pico de gallo are superb.
Caldo de Res ( Beef SOUP) is too die 4.
Everything is made to order.
If you like heat try the Camarones a La Diabla (Deviled Shrimp).
They Serve Beer & Hard Liquor.
I have been going to Asi Es My Tierra for many years now, and have never walked out unhappy with my food or service.
R. Read

While on a trip to see my grandparents, we went to Asi Es Mi Tierra for a quick bite to eat.
The food is typical for a small mexican restaurant, but the quality and taste is top notch for the price.
I had a 2 dish plate with a chicken enchilada and a beef tamale.
The tamale was delicious, with pretty much a 50:50 ratio of corn exterior to beef filling.
The chicken on the enchilada was breast meat, and it came with beans and rice.
My grandma had a taco salad, and the shell was fried just right.
I didn't taste the fillings, but it looked like it used the same beef as the tamale.
Also, they have tamarindo juice, which not a lot of places seem to offer.
The meal cost about $13, and I will probably suggest the place to my grandparents the next time I am in town.

We have been coming here for more than 10 years and the food is fantastic.
Our favorite is the chorizo and eggs it doesn't get better than this!
Homemade tortillas, chips and salsa start every meal.
The carne asada and the whole fish dinner so good!
Great food priced right!

If you like Mexican food - this is the real deal.
The Chili Verde with Pork is to die for!
Friendly family staff, and lot of locals in a clean, simple restaurant.
I'd go out of my way to go here again, as would everyone in my dining party.

Gave this place a try due to other yelp reviews.
I was not dissappointed!
What they lack in decor they make up on food.
For $24 my husband and I had chips and salsa, 2 big chimichangas, drinks, and I also had a marguerita.

This is the real deal people.
If you want traditional Mexican food then this place is a must.
Also you have to order a Michelada beer.

Needs a lot of renovation.
Nice service.
The food is just ok.
I grew up eating nothing but crappy taco shop food in San Diego.
This was sort of a sit down place so I was really disappointed that the food was worse than filibertos.

The restaurant was clean, the staff was friendly and attentive, and the food was delicious.
We had the carne asada and chicken fajitas, both of which came out fresh and hot.
The shrimp ceviche was a steal at $2 and was scrumptious.
Fantastic prices for authentic Mexican food.
We will definitely be back!

The food was pretty yummy!
The place needs a little TLC...  You might be put off because the place is run down but the food seems authentic and taste good!

Best Mexican food in east Mesa.
The decor is not overly extravagant but the food quality is miles ahead of the local competitors.
I highly recommend this place for a great casual Mexican dining experience

This place has the best chilaquiles I've had in a long long time.
Best with fried eggs on top.
The service was a little slow but good and I also like that they make michaladas.
I've tried a couple other things on the menu but the chilaquiles are the best.

Most authentic mexican food around!
Bring your friends here if you want to show them what real home cooked mexican food tastes like.
A little hidden, but LOVE IT!

Awesome.
Taste like real Mexican food.
We got the queso fundido with chorizo, and it was awesome.
The salsa isn't that great, but our meals were great.
If ever I'm out here again, I'll be sure to stop.
Don't expect the most attentive service, but it will do for the small size of the restaurant.

