I was initially very excited about moving into these apartments.
But after living here for a year I find the ownership and management inflexible and not very loyal to their residents.
I had to move into a bigger apartment halfway through my lease because my husband came home from a tour overseas earlier than expected and we found out we were expecting a short time after that.
We were charged a bunch of random "processing fees" just to move into an apartment in the same complex 2 doors down.
These fees totaled over 300 dollars.
When I signed both of my leases the clubhouse was advertised as one of the benefits for living at the complex, we were able to reserve and use it for free.
But they randomly changed the policy to charging a very large refundable deposit and a non refundable fee to use the clubhouse about a year into living here.
So an amenity and selling point that drew me to the complex was then taken away.
The building I live in has had huge ant problems in both places, regardless of how clean the apartment stays.
The front office did pay for the apartment to be sprayed once but the problem persisted and we had to personally take care of it on our own.
The front office does not have any loyalty to residents who have lived in the complex and who plan on living there for a long time.
The attitude seems to be that any resident can easily be replaced and probably with someone who will end up paying a higher rent.
The ladies at the front are nice, don't get me wrong, but they do not have any flexibility towards policies like charging for the clubhouse etc.

Almost moved into here very glad I didn't the dump is across the street and the stench is horrible!
Also office lady was not friendly!

I have been at Belara for over 2 months and so far I love it!
The staff is great.
They have events every 2 to 4 weeks that are free to the renters...Grill and Chill, Fiestas, etc.
You go enjoy the food and company.
It is a great way to meet your neighbors.
They do "Take 'n' Bake Pizza night every couple of months...just let you know you want one and you pick up your pizza and soda at the office, take it home and dinner is on them!
Some times at the events you have a choice to bring something (volunteer) but if you do you get entered into a contest to earn money off your rent.
I decided to this last event, we could bring either a side or desert Subs were supplied by Belara.
All of the attendees vote...I won $75 off my next months rent.
Where else can you get these perks plus a great place to live.
I love my apartment!

Never live here.
I got my vehicle towed because it was backed in (I was in the middle of moving things as it happened) they've repeatedly lost packages.
The residents that seem to be living here are questionable at best.
I notice police cars here almost daily.
I've heard that there are many vacant apartments and management is nervous because nobody is renewing their leases.
When I notified them of my non renewal request I received a follow up phone call with questions about why.

Horrible place.
Horrible management.The worst maintenance staff ever.
Many tennants have had floods  .
Poor up keep within the property.
Can't keep office staff, dirty grounds.

I've lived here for 2 yrs.
There is no dump or smell.
The staff is excellent.
The grounds are clean and quiet.
Prices are reasonable.
The maintenance isn't the brightest anymore, but they are quick.
All the people complaining are people who were probably forced to move.
Any apartment you live in has at least one jerk who thinks they are the only ones who live there.
i.e.
not picking up dog crap, making noise @ 3am on a Wednesday, Parking in the handicap spot, etc..
I like it cause they don't tolerate anything like that.
I very much enjoy it here and plan to stay.

