Do not trust this dealer.
Originally I agreed to a $500 deposit on the vehicle I was interested in.
When I found out that the dealer was building-in a bunch of extra costs in to the MSRP, I found a better deal.
When I told Johnny Medrano that our deal was off, he tied-up $1000 in my account.
Zero class, zero professionalism, not to be trusted.

This is based on service, warranty work etc.
I did not buy my Infiniti cars here all at other dealerships.
In regards to service I had all my regular service done here on my 2007 G35 and they always provided a loaner G35 if it was a long wait.
I also like the waiting area, stocked with breakfast items, water, and coffee.
In regards to my older Infiniti, 2003 G35 I recommend asking for Keith to work on your car.
He is very detail oriented and replaced several items on my car under warranty and also due to wear and tear.
Its hard to find a trust worthy shop and Keith has been the best mechanic I have met out here in Arizona.
When my 2003 Infiniti needs major repairs I only have Keith work on it.

It's been over 4 weeks and the "we owe" which they said would be taken care of has yet to be done or settled with me.
They are very unprofessional and more importantly dis honest.
I plan on filing a claim with the better business bureau next.
STAY AWAY!!

If you need excellent service take your Infiniti here.
With my 2003 G35 coupe and almost 161K miles all the major service was done by the service tech: Keith.
Ask for Keith, my 2003 G35 coupe has been the most reliable car I have ever owned.
Maybe because its an Infiniti or because Keith does a great job on keeping it in tip top shape.
With that many miles and zero leaks: oil, etc.
I hope it will last till 200K miles with no major problems.
It still runs great and has cold ac.

I received a flyer in the mail for a good deal on brake service from Infiniti of Peoria.
I'm not much for handing off my car to others and do most of my own maintenance, but I thought the deal was decent plus I wanted to give some local guys a fair shake.
I had the rear brake pads replaced and the rotors machined for $200 and an alignment for $99.
They were also kind enough to do a 31 point inspection just for kicks.
It's the inspection report that I find difficult to chew on.
The following are a few quotes from the dealer provided report:  Observation: Found cabin/Hepa micro filter dirty Recommendation: Replace cabin/HEPA micro filter  Observation: Found automatic transmission fluid to be contaminated/burnt Recommendation: Perform automatic transmission fluid exchange service  Observation: Found coolant to be in poor condition or contaminated Recommendation: Perform coolant fluid exchange service  Observation: Found rear differential fluid to be dirty/contaminated Recommendation: Perform rear differential service  These were just a few observations from the report.
Just over $500 bucks for these services.
Actually, all of the report observations and services totaled over $3000.
The rub: as mentioned above, I do much of my own work on the car.
Just a few weeks earlier, for example, I had replaced the HEPA filter myself and it was essentially brand new.
Dirty automatic transmission fluid?
Well the car has a manual transmission and I serviced it in the recent past with synthetic gear oil and at the same time serviced the rear differential with the same brand synthetic.
When I replaced the gear oil in the transmission and differential, I was pleased to see how clear and clean it was.
I also replaced the crush washers as per the FSM.
Poor condition or contaminated coolant?
The coolant was replaced in the recent past as I had to replace a faulty thermostat.
Ethically challenged tactics to say the least.
Beware the fact that they really don't perform inspections.

I've had my car serviced here three times with no drama.
While some of the initial prices quoted were, interesting,  there was room for some negotiation.Since they'done a competent job on my  existing Infiniti we decided to try out their sales side.
It was a cold rainy day in January and we dressed down,but warm, which apparently is not to their dress-code for car buyers.
After the greeter hastily dumped us with the sales staff , sorry didn't get the names , who just keep talking about things I had already said I wasn't interested in.E.G., trying to tell me about the car features and brand which I was already aware of, you know having a car with similar controls.
We actually liked the car a lot and the best chat we had was with the Internet sales guy , who was great around kids and seemed to get what we wanted, and why and we took his card  because the car was on our test drive list.
That fell through when seeing we were done, clearly not buying anything today  old greeting guy , hey maybe he's the manager but certainly didn't act like it ,could barely contain his disdain and really  couldn't wait for the door to hit our ass on the way out.
In the end we bought something with a higher price than the car we were looking at, we're no longer getting our  G37  serviced there.Not bad work for one old sour-puss eh?
I hope this review gets it through to the management to take a  cue from Vegas.E.G.,   Treat everyone, specially those that you have an existing relationship with, as if they would buy a car from you even if they don't turn up businesses casual with a Rolex Sub on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Maybe you could get your service guys to teach you some customer service?
It's a 2.5 rounded up to 3 for service.
( edited to fix appalling grammar and general nonsense)

I'm adding to my husbands review as I really wish there was the option for a -1 star.
My family and I stopped in on a rare windy and rainy Sunday after being at several other dealerships.
We showed up in our weekend clothes; hair was a bit messy from the previously mentioned wind and rain.
I think that had a definite impact on how we were treated.
From the start their door greeter was less than pleasant, assuming we would only want to see used cars.
Didn't bother catching his name, but he was grey haired in a plaid shirt.
From the other reviews, I'm assuming he was one of the managers.
We were passed off to a salesman who kept trying to up talk all the benefits of having an Infiniti.
My husband had to state multiple times that we already owned one (that is serviced at that location) and that what he was telling him was nothing he didn't already know.
Then he changed to the typical 'I'm going to talk to you like a stupid woman and quote nothing but colors and safety numbers'.
Not a good way to gain my confidence.
When we refused to play his game and commit to anything, we were dumped on the internet sales guy.
He seemed nice enough, actually answered our questions.
We weren't making any decisions that day as we still had other vehicles to look at (Q7, RAM 2500).
When we were leaving, the mephitid in plaid struck again, making it extremely obvious that we were not of high enough class to even look at his cars.
(Again, we already own one.
) He left such a bad odor on the Inifiti name that visiting the dealership on the other side of town ended up at the bottom of the list.
Before we made it to the other dealer, we ended up purchasing a truck with a higher price tag than the SUV we were looking at.
First tip, don't bother coming into the dealer if you aren't wearing your Armani.
Second tip, if someone reaches out on your Facebook page with an issue - it's polite to respond.
But, of course as we all know, money can't buy you manners.

We came in and purchased a 2008 Infiniti, November 30th, with a loan we got ourselves without any help from the dealership so no help from them on loan.
Now after we left we realize no car mats, we called the salesman who said he will check with the guy that cleaned up and gas'd up the car for us to see where they were and if they can't find it they will make it right.
Same thing was said to us by the receptionist when we came in that following Monday and dropped off the loan check that we got out on our own.
1 week later after I called and asked again where the mats were, we got a voicemail that the car came with no mats and we can take it up with the manager!
Now maybe from a ma and pa dealership I expected this but this is a bigger dealership?!
Disappointing!
Now we have to see how our "we owe" works out because prev review shows they don't follow up with their " we owes".
The salesman told us it would void the contract/loan if they don't follow through with their "we owes" but who knows anymore.
I will update this post after we see how that goes.
We will not be dealing with an Infiniti dealership in AZ anymore.
After all this is done.
This is our  2nd Infiniti we bought and we like these type of vehicles.
I recommend out of state or private sale after this.

We came back for our "we owe" a week ago and it didn't turn out the way we were told however Velma in the service dept made it right and ordered us the car mats we never got from the sales dept.
She also rescheduled us again and made sure the work was done correctly.
I raised the stars to 4 because of the service we were provided by Velma and her service dept.
If my whole experience was left to the sales dept I would of left it at the 2 stars.

While our buying experience was excellent - except for the 3 hour wait because they had to use the nissan dealer next door - when we received our paperwork in the mail we discovered they had not used our preapproved CU, instead they sold our paper to another lender - costing us time and money to get it changed.
After reading Yelp and Google reviews, it appears this is a common practice.
I'll file my complaint with the BBB and have learned my lesson - no matter how nice they are, they are still in business to make money - by doing whatever they have to.

DO NOT buy a car here!!
Beware of Crooks!!
Pulled up in our 2010 750li BMW to look at a QX80.
Located one we wanted and Worked a trade deal with Robert our salesman and were very happy with the numbers.
Get to finance and they are 18000 dollars higher than what we had agreed upon.
Turns out they had NEVER intended on giving us what we agreed rather tried to show us why our car wasn't worth what we signed for on the agreement.
Absolutely the worst experience we have ever seen at a dealership!

This is by far the worst dealership ever and I recommend STAYING AWAY.
I have been in the car business over 10 years, and I guarantee you will have by far the worst experience at this dealership!
They are unproffesional, they lie, they will manipulate you, and do things under the table you do not authorize.
Stay away!

Sneaky Car Salesman to the max......  You would expect to have a great experience at a luxury auto dealer.
Not at Infinity of Peoria.
Had a horrible experience with a young salesman eating and drinking lunch in front of me while his manager went back and forth just moving numbers around.
Never tried to meet in the middle.
Just moved the  numbers around and told me what a great deal I was getting.
After the numbers went back and forth a few times and I was as comfortable as i could be with the numbers I went to the finance dept.
I was drilled for another 30 min on why I had to get the extended warranty.
I repeatedly told the finance salesman I was not interested and after about 30 min he let it go.
During the final paperwork signing I noticed some of the included options were missing off the paperwork.
I was never told anything had changed from the original numbers we had worked up.
I brought it up and the finance salesman had to go get "additions" approved and added as an "we owe".
Sneaky!
/Sigh  Then after a couple of weeks the salesman texted me asking how I liked my new car.
Wow!
How nice right?
Well I texed back saying I still had some unsolved matters and he responded with "hmm, ok, glad everything is going well"  "Send me some referrals".
Wow.. very classy.
If I could go back in time and purchase my car at a different Infiniti dealership I would.

