I have been here a few times.
The sales guys weren't too pushy.
The building was clean.
The wash was fine.
The cleaning crew was slow but they were busy.
The price was good, nice specials.
One thing they did, and I liked it, was they gave smelly wafers instead of spraying your car with scent.
It didn't last for weeks but more then a spray under the seat did.

I stopped here to get my oil changed because it was only 25.00, came with a car wash and was close to my work.
I was sad about the car wash because it looked like it was going to rain.
The guys threw in a 3 day rain certificate.
If it rain within the next 3 days I got a new wash all over again, YEAH!
The guys were super nice and did an amazing job cleaning my car.
They even opened my trunk and wiped all the water from the inside of the truck lid, that impressed me.
I am super picky about my car and even when I asked them to get a few extra spots I saw on my car, they were very pleasant and did what I asked.
That made me happy because at a lot of places if you tell them they missed a spot they get all upset and roll their eyes at you.
They even sprayed all of the nooks and crannies with air so that you dont get those horrible water lines after driving away.
Very impressed with this car wash.
I will be back for sure!
Thank you!

Trying to find a good place a place to get your car washed on a post rainy day is hard.
Which lead me to squeaky clean, I thought the guys were nice and I liked that they do oil changes too if you need it.
The building was clean and had good chairs to sit in while you wait.
I also enjoy the free coffee and popcorn too.
They have good prices for what they offer, hopefully I will love the job they do too.

The car wash and oil changes are two different teams, very confusing, to many people to talk to.
Very pushy with upgrading to more expensive deals.
Did not enjoy at all.
Terrible communication between employees and customers.
I felt lost!

Early bird special is amazingly inexpensive.

Been here a few time and until today had OK service.
Well today I was told that my jeep was extra dirty so I would have to be charged an extra 5 bucks.
That's right, bring your extra dirty car pay the extra dirty price.
So now I am at Danny's Family Carwash not getting charged extra, but less because they took your coupon.
thanks

It is a car wash.
They cleaned my truck.
It was dirty before and clean after.

Took 35 minutes from the time I paid until it made it into the wash.
Still going thru the wash now.
Way too long to wait for a $20 wash. Never again

They do an awesome job here, very thorough!
Best people and a great bargain for fine work.

This place is great I don't care what any of these other reviews say!
I bring my bosses van here every two weeks.
The people are very nice and friendly  everyone here knows me I come so often, and the prices are very good for the quality of work they do.
There are always package deals and coupons on their web site as well; today I got an upgraded car wash for the same price as the basic because of a coupon on the web site.
I also use their punch card and after so many washes I get a free wash which I use on my own car.
You can also use the free wash as a coupon and pay the difference to upgrade to a better wash which I do often!
If your not happy with something and just point it out or ask nicely they will fix it no questions asked and they will do it right away!
One time I came with my car and I had a Chapstick that melted in my middle counsel and some papers and change was all stuck in it.
I pulled up and asked what it would cost me to get it cleaned out that I didn't care what it was that I just didn't want to do it myself.
The sales guy was super nice and was like don't worry about it we will take care of it.
Didn't charge me to do it and I promise it was nasty!!!
I gave a nice tip for sure that day.
They have a little shop and I always find unique cards for my family for birthdays and holidays and such.
Also the kids zone is great I bring my bosses kids with me and they color and play with the blocks and the Xbox kinect here!
There's also free popcorn and coffee every day!
I am a customer for life and I always tell my friends this is the place to go!

Love Squeaky Clean!
This place was right by my house in AZ so I'd always swing by here.
They do a great job cleaning your car and they've always got great specials running (or coupons you can use) so the price is right.
Like any car wash they can get busy on the weekends... but there's free popcorn and coffee inside while you wait.
Overall they're pretty quick about getting you in and out!

