Chipotle is the only corporate/chain restaurant I still eat in, for a couple of really good reasons.
First, fresh ingredients and great taste.
Not the biggest variety of options, but what they do, they do well.
Second (and this might surprise most people), in addition to their meats being naturally and humanely raised, Chipotle also sources most of its produce locally.
They buy direct from local organic farmers and distributors who source from local, organic farms.
They are more responsible in this way than many locally-owned places.
Kudos, Chipotle.

The hubs and I attended the musical Hair at Gammage this past Tuesday (thanks Yelp!).
We came straight from work and were in need of some dinner.
This Chipotle happens to be right across the street.
Awesometown.
The place was slam packed.
There wasn't one free seat inside or out.
So we got in line anyway hoping for a place to sit.
I told the hubs what I wanted in the event that I saw a table free up so I could swoop in on it.
And swoop I did!
Everything was good, as always.
It was my first time going to this one, and most likely wont go back considering how ridiculously busy it was, I don't like to have to street fight people for a place to eat my dinner.

i'm a HUGE fan of the restaurant and the menu.
i've been eating at various locations in Phoenix, Tucson, and other cities.
This particular location keeps getting worse with servings and if you ask for an extra scoop you get attitude.
Management is nice, but they need to work on their employees and serving ammount.
my burrito bowls i've gotten lately are for babies.

My regular fast food joint.
This location, directly across from campus is always busy, but never too long of a wait for me.
I generally try to patronize locally owned restaurants, but one of my few exceptions is Chipotle.
Organic Black Beans, ethically raised meat sources, no hormones, etc.

Chipotle is definitely one of my favorite quick meal establishments, but this location always seems to make everything far too spicy.
I don't know if they are putting too much seasoning on or what, but I've come out of here gasping on some occasions.
I do also agree with Bryan S. that the employees are of a lower caliber than usual and the servings sizes are all wrong.
I've never come out of a Chipotle hungry until I started visiting this location.

I always feel like a whale after I eat this but I can't help myself.
So good.
Line gets long here around lunch but service is quick so it goes by really fast.
I love the burrito bowl options because it tricks my body into taking in salad as a meal (although I wouldn't really compare it to a salad haha).

This location happens to be across the street from ASU so you can imagine how extremely busy it is...ALL THE TIME!
The parking lot is way to0 small as well as the amount of seating.
Given its busy-ness they might want to think about expanding to accommodate those that would like to eat "for here" rather than "to go.
" I also hate the chairs.
Call me picky but the seat bottoms have a weird slant to them.
Overall the whole arrangement in this store and actually all the stores isn't very appealing.
That out of the way...I am addicted to the Veggie Bowl: rice, blk beans, pico, corn, cheese, and avocado (ps.
avocado is no charge with the veggie option).
I love it, I love it.
I haven't had any of the meat choices in quite some time since I discovered the veggie bowl.
This store is consistently good.
Thank you!

On a Friday, I ordered a Burritos By The Box.
Although I thought that I was going to pick them up at a certain time, I had to call them again and adjust the time.
The person over the phone was friendly, nice, and accommodating.
The food there was GREAT!
I ordered one of each of the burritos.
I think that I would order the barbacoa, chicken, carnitas, and steak in that order.
The barbacoa is similar to shredded beef.
The cilantro-lime rice is superb.
Overall, the food was AWESOME and I would visit them again.
1-Never again 2-Try once more 3-Average 4-Liked 5-Will come back again  I have also visited their Camelback/Scottsdale Road and Tempe Marketplace location.

I don't mind the occasional lunch burrito here.
A filling meal, when you are on a budget

Food is awesome and fresh but some employees have attitudes specially the girl that was incharge of taking orders.
Hopefully management does something about it.. overall its a good place to chow down when ur hungry!

Pretty tasty food, i recommend Chipotle often for people on the go or when we have limited time.
Sometimes there is a rush of people and it gets insanely crazy with limited seating and long lines, however, the food is still fresh and full of flavor.
You can't beat the healthy options, and yes the menu is limited, but it's still very delicious.
At first i didnt like the lime salt on the chips, but it's grown on me and i can't eat a burrito bowl without them.
Highly recommend if you have to have fast food.

Chipotle is reasonably good, but it is not great.
It is just something to eat.
Every time I go, I can't figure out why the contents of my burrito are warm to cold.
Would it kill them to serve a hot burrito?
I'll eventually go back, but there are sooo many better places to eat in Tempe.

I'll always be a fan of Chipotle.
I've been to this location, and many others and have never had an out of the ordinary experience.
I recently tried the brown rice that they offer which is pretty good also.

JUST off campus is a little known place called Chipotle...
I think I came here once a week and always had to wait in a ridiculous line for my barbacoa burrito (extra rice because it's so limey and cilantro-y).
So make sure you have some time on your hands if you plan on making the trek over here - and if you're not in the immediate vicinity and need a Chipotle fix, I'd visit another location to avoid the line.
Also, the chips are super good and the guacamole is, too (if you're into that green stuff).

poor service, employee's did not know how to operate register, and manager did not either.

This place is just abnormally fast compared to other Chipoltles.

I have started working closer to this location and go here from time to time after work.
I find the staff friendly, the seating perhaps at times a bit cramped and it's almost always pretty busy (which Chipotle isn't) but they do a great job of moving the line along and doing so with a smile.
It's sometimes difficult to find parking on extra busy days and for some reason the "fresh food" always seems to get cold quickly but I always come out of Chipotle full and usually happen.
If there is a tip I can give to regular or new Chipotle eaters is to get a burrito bowl and simply ask for a tortilla on the side.
Best of both worlds.
Get my bowl and can make my own little burritos.

Always reliable.
Always consistent.

Not my first choice, but went there to be with friends.
No complaints.
Bright, clean, well organized, and well maintained.
I had the burrito bowl, which is an unwrapped burrito, and my wife had a salad.
The meat is tasty, tender, and nicely done, with adequate char.
The rice is done properly, as are the beans.
The lettuce is good quality.
Good quality food and service.
Solid.

Friendly service!
;)   Love love love the food!
Not sure if its real Mexican food, but make me wanna go to Mexico.

I've only been to other locations around the valley, but finally had a chance to visit during my lunch break with my family.
I must say the line looked pretty long as we pulled in to find parking, and we almost left thinking it would take forever.
Luckily we didn't leave and to my surprise the line zipped by and everything we ordered was delicious.
Besides their good food, I was pleased with their customer service and speed.
Everyone was friendly even though the place was crowded with students and business people on their lunch break.
The manager (?
) came around and asked how everything was and gave my family children vouchers for free meals the next time they visited.
We were happily surprised with the service and thoughtfulness and a little later when leaving another employee asked if we had a good meal.
I would definitely come back to this location again:)

Bad service and high prices.
Staff is rude.
Due to every experience here, my wife and I have found a new place just around the corner (Sombrero's Mexican Grill) fresh and affordable.
We will never go back here again.

The food is as good as any other chipotle.
The problem with this location is the service.
Absolutely horrid.
I frequent this location because of its proximity to ASU, and the service is painfully slow no matter how long the line is.
The employees have zero sense of urgency and move at a snail-like pace.
I've been to many other locations and they all seem to handle long lines relatively quickly; not this one.

I ordered a double burrito, meaning two burritos lengthwise.
The incompetent workers then proceeded to fill my scrawny excuse of a burrito with very scant and stingy single scoop portions.
I ordered and PAYED for 2 burritos and it came out looking like an average sized burrito!
I was a regular customer and I 100% to ever return to this location.
Don't go; the people working are imbeciles.

*sniff* I can't believe I was made to cry (on the inside) no less on New Year's Eve.
My hubby and I came here thinking we would split a burrito since I know how big the burritos can be at Chipotle.
We waited in line.
I watched the two guys in front of me each get 2 tortillas each for their burrito and the girl behind the line really piled on the rice, beans, and their choice of meat.
I was thinking, wow, these burritos are even bigger than what I remembered.
Then when it came my turn for my burrito, the girl behind the counter took one look at petite me and took out one tortilla and gave me a skimpy serving of rice, beans, and seriously like 5 pieces of meat.
I felt so crest fallen.
I looked at the measly portion that was going to be my burrito, I looked at the girl behind the counter and asked why the two guys in front of me got such massive burritos but not me.
She just rolled her eyes at me and went on to the next costumer.
Boy, was I disappointed.
And I checked too with those two young guys in case they paid extra for their mega massive burritos.
Nope, same price as what I paid.
I seriously wanted to take a photo of my burrito next to theirs cause mine would look like the runt of the litter.
It was so pathetically so much smaller in size.
I thought maybe it was an off night but from reading the other reviews, many other customers have received the same uneven service.
Chipotle corporate, you should take note since as corporate you take such pride in providing a good product and service- that is the Chipotle brand and signature.
Well, this particular location is not making the grade.
And *sniff* now I know what being an unwanted stepchild feels like.
*sniff*.

This Chipotle went above and beyond.
I feel that it is too common today for big companies not to take care of their customers, but to give them a product as cheap as possibly while quality and service suffer.
I never find that to be the case with Chipotle and especially at this location.
I am moving to a new apt and after being mistreated and robbed from Direct TV and Century Link among many others.
I felt as if no large company actually valued their customers anymore.
This Chipotle ended my day a little better by proving me wrong.
I requested steak for my burrito which they were momentarily out of.
I had to wait literally less than a minute for the steak to finish being prepared.
Because of my brief wait Chipotle comped my meal.
Shit if I ordered something from a traditional fast food restaurant it still would have taken longer than the 2 minutes it took to make my burrito.
I understand this isn't something Chipotle will do every time in this situation.
But I have always had a great experience at Chipotle so on top of that today they reminded me, not only do we put out a great, fast product, we also give a fuck!
Thank you to the crew working tonight at 8:30!

Got a burrito bowl (rice, beans, chicken, salsa and guac) and it only came out to 660 calories.
C'mon guys, I mean that dude in front of me must've had, like, 750 kcal at least.
Way to stiff me on my meal minimum wage worker who I was rude to.

Well, after going to my favorite place around the corner and finding that they were closed,  we came back, even though I said that I wouldn't.
Good service and good food.
Still long lines.
But hey, nothing is perfect.

I ordered a burrito bowl and my bowl was half empty.
I was also rushed to make my order even though the two people (in front and back of me) were treated courteously.
I will not be going back to this establishment.

I've been going to this chipotle since attending asu in 2008 with absolutely no problems other than an understandably long line.
This past month, however, I've visited the Mill location two times, both very disappointing.
Both visits my barbacoa was not chopped enough and I had to deal with pretty large chunks of meat.
The service was beyond unacceptable.
Staff were talking to each other and ignoring customers, as well as chatting with customers making the already long line even longer.
It even seemed as though some staff were poorly trained and could not properly prepare or serve a meal.
I had to repeat myself multiple times to get my correct order and ended up with a sloppily made burrito.
It's unfortunate that this location had some sort of a slip up...
I'm most likely going to have to start going to the Tempe marketplace store if this kind of service keeps up...

I loove Chipotle and this location is definitely convenient for music students as it is right across the street from the school of music at ASU.
There is lots of seating and a nice shaded outside seating area.
I personally always get my food to go, because it can be a bit loud in there.
Now for the cons of this particular location: The parking lot is kind of small you might have to wait for a spot or park somewhere else and walk a bit.
It does get SUPER crowded during lunch and dinner.
I'm talking lines almost out the door.
So expect to have to wait a little bit.
Like most Chipotle locations they sometimes run out of the ingredients you want when it gets crowded, so you might have to wait a bit longer.
It's a convenient location, but is also a very busy one so if I'm not at school I'd go to the one in the Tempe Marketplace that's a little bigger.

The slowest, most incompetent chipotle ever.
Food is never cooked properly like other locations and the staff is never where they should be working.
It is consistently mismanaged like this.
Definitely a let down for chipotle.
Skip this location.

I really want to love this Chipotle.
Yes, they are almost always busy, but it is understandable based on their location.
Sometimes the food tastes awesome but sometimes it is oddly flavorless like today.
The rice in particular usually has a hint of lime but today it was really bland.
Some of the employees will happily add extra corn to my veggie bowl and others seem annoyed to.
Side note/question: will there ever be green bell peppers in the fajita veggies again or has it been permanently changed to the red ones?

I expect a lot more from Chipotle.
I don't know if it's because it's so near a college campus, but the quality here is pathetic compared to every other Chipotle I've been to.
The meat is often cold, the rice is hard (likely leftover) at lunch time.
The chips are stale/hard/thick and not the light freshly-fried taste that other stores have.
The guacamole is just avocado, and nothing else; I've ordered it three times and got only avocado.
I've made complaints through their corporate office and the quality continues to disappoint.
I wish there were another Chipotle close to me that I could eat at instead.

Occasionally service is good.
90% of the time the employees are disinterested, rude, and untrained.
Two things that really bother me:  - The employees are not trained well.
How hard is it to teach your employees to drain the beans so I don't walk away with a soggy, falling apart burrito?
Or that "light sour cream" means less than a full spoon.
-The restuarant can be empty with the parking lot completely full.
Honestly, if you have the time, I suggest driving down to Baseline.

