Manager lied about completing work - then when I returned he completed half the job...read on for the whole story       Saturday Oct. 29th I dropped off my '08 Toyota Tacoma for an oil change and tire rotation at approximately 9:45 am.
As expected I received a phone call at about 3:45 pm (15 minutes before closing time) stating that my vehicle was ready to pick up.
Upon arriving back at Fletcher's I noticed that my truck was still parked in the same spot that I left it.
I regarded that as an odd coincidence and went in to get my keys.
I stated my name and the make/model of my vehicle and keys were quickly produced for a Nissan.
After a bit of fumbling through the drawer the keys to my Toyota were found and I paid and walked out my truck more than a little skeptical that any work had been done.
When I put my keys in the ignition and started her up my dummy light that comes on when it's time for an oil change was still lit, the sticker from my previous oil change was still on the window and the tire pressure indicator was still on.
My suspicions confirmed, I went back to the front desk and asked "Are you sure they got to this one?
Because the 'maintenance required' and tire pressure lights are still on and old oil change sticker is still on the window.
" The man working the counter said he'd go take a look.
We went out to the truck and he asked me to pop the hood so he could check the oil.
I wasn't standing close enough to see the oil, but he took a quick look (turning away from me as though hiding something) and said "the oil looks pretty darn clean" he then offered to pull the truck around to reset the lights and replace the oil change sticker since his "guys must've just forgotten to do that" After resetting the brain, putting up a new oil change sticker, and adding some air to the spare tire (apparently that's why the tire pressure light was on) it was now 4:30.
He pulled he truck around and said it was all set.
I still couldn't shake the feeling that I was being lied to (I'm a teacher - call it my spidey sense) but I had dinner arrangements and resolved to check it out later.
The thought that someone had not done the work that should have been done and lied to my face about the work being done was eating at me all evening so when I got home I popped the hood to have a look for myself.
What I saw was brown oil and an oil filter covered in dust - my engine hadn't been touched.
I took a closer look at the print out that I received and noticed there was no information about the condition of the tires.
Tread?
Alignment?
Nope.
Nada.
Since Fletcher's is closed on Sundays I went in Monday after work to explain the situation and hopefully get a resolution.
When I walked in Monday afternoon I was greeted by the same man that lied to my face on Saturday.
Since he was fully aware of he situation I chose to be polite and offer that there must have been a mix up because when I got home and checked the oil it was brown, the oil filter hadn't been touched, and there was no information about the tire tread or alignment.
He quickly apologized for his "guys mixing up the keys" and added that he was the manager (but didn't mention his name - funny how that works) and if I could bring in the truck tomorrow he'd "make sure I was taken care of.
" I agreed (what else can you do?
) and brought the truck in as requested at 4:30pm Tuesday.
This time I waited in the parking lot to see the work while writing this.
The oil and oil filter were changed but the tires were NOT rotated.
When I asked about the tires he said, "oh your tires are fine there's lots of tread left on them.
" I simply nodded and said thanks - no sense in beating a dead horse.
In conclusion I'm glad that at least the oil and oil filter were replaced.
As for the tires I guess I'll go elsewhere to get them rotated.
It really is a shame - I was very pleased with the new tires I purchased from them last year and I like to support businesses that are close to home when I can.
Unfortunately, I will not be back until there is new management.
I cannot do business with a person I do not trust.

My experience wasn't as bad as some others apparently however it was quite irritating.
Their own ads say an oil change should take about 45 minutes, I made an appointment ahead of time and was told it would be an hour.
Ok, that's sort of irksome but they're busy.
An hour and twenty minutes later they finally told me my car was done.
This is not acceptable.

I have to admit, I have stayed away from Fletcher's due to the negative reviews.
I replaced the A/C compressor and other parts on my son's car this past week.
I am a pretty good backyard mechanic but when it comes to A/C issues,  I was clueless.
After some research on the internet,  I still had some questions about the "oil in the system".
I made a few phone calls to shops attempting to get answers but mostly just got the run around.
I was next door to Fletcher's and decided to walk over and ask my questions and see how much the A/C recharge would be.
I spoke with the technician Chris.
He answered all of my questions, informed me the A/C recharge was on sale and looked up how much oil and Freon my system would require and then gave me a total cost.
I got no BS about "We have to look at it first"  that I got from my other inquiries.
Furthermore, the cost was below all others even without the sale.
In the mean time, my son was checking on prices to get the Check Engine Light checked on my other car.
The free check (most auto part stores do) does not apply to this car due to the fact it is pre 1996.
When he called Fletcher (this same store) they offered to check it for free.
I found out later this is not their general policy;  normally it is like 20 bucks.
Long story short, they checked the Check Engine Light for free.
I took the A/C car to them later in the day and they performed a leak check and refilled the A/C just like they said and completed the job in a couple of hours.
Now, the A/C works great.
My only gripe would be each time I went to the front counter I had to wait a bit for someone to come out of the shop to help me.
I don't write reviews very often particularly long ones.
However, I will go back to these guys again.

Fletchers smells like ass got a free oil change oh well...
They take forever so if you need to be somewhere good luck

This fletchers really does take a long time.
It is very boring in the waiting room.
We sit there watching stupid infomercials.
Its warm they should turn air just a bit down because the room gets full.
They forgot to put the reminder sticker on my windshield.

Would give them minus stars if I could.
Totally incompetent staff.
Scammers and lazy.
We went here several times for several of our vehicles.
Did not provide service that was paid for.
They tried to manipulate my fiance that she needed services that were not needed.
I asked them to rotate my tires along with oil change.
We did this with several of our vehicles.
It was not being done.
I marked the tires on our vehicle to see if it was done and when we picked up the vehicle, the technician assured me it was done.
I showed him that the tires were not touched at all, due to my markings on the tires were still there.
They have also stripped out out oil plugs.
Will never recommend this company to anyone.

