This place, I gotta say, is quite the hidden gem.
The food, I think, is excellent.
I got myself a Carne Asada burrito and it was very flavorful (although I will say the pico de gallo needed a little more kick, but the excellent guacamole made up for that).
The only thing I can see wrong with it, really, is the fact that it IS hidden.
It is located behind Discount Tire and is easily overlooked (it's the last business on the left in the plaza).
I believe they have other locations around, but this one is right around the block from me.
No one really goes there, though, and is usually empty unfortunately.
If it was in a better location, it would probably pick up a customer base.
With that said, I only tried this place because a few months ago, I was getting my new rear tires mounted and balanced at Discount, and one of their workers stopped by Los Favoritos and picked up some lunch.
As he walked by, the aroma hit me.
It smelled awesome and I wanted to try it.
Since my brother's tire went flat yesterday, we went to get him a new one, and while waiting, I suggested we stop by for lunch.
It's not the best looking restaurant by any means, but I don't go to those for appearance (Mickey's Hot Dogs by downtown Mesa is another prime example of good food, bad location, and underwhelming aesthetics).
It's all about the quality of food, and this place is excellent as far as that goes.
I'd like to go there again and try something else!
Also, there are other restaurants called Los Favoritos Taco Shop.
Are those part of the same chain or something, or completely independent?
Having never been to one other than today, I can't say for sure.
Since every location for every business runs completely different than the, next, though, just refer to this review for this particular location, since I can't speak for any other potential ones.

Their carne asada fries are to die for.
I've never been disappointed by this place ever.
It's a pretty standard Mexican fast food joint.
Very basic inside and has a drive through.
The food is the main draw to Los favs.

Great place for great food and great prices.
i have never been dissapointed in this spot.

Los Favorites is amazing.
I eat at one a couple times a week, and it's just so much better food than other Mexican fast food.
Most days I practice a diet of low carbs, low sugar, high fat, high protein, and you'd think that would be difficult, what with all the tortillas floating around and whatnot, but they still have quite a selection.
Cleanliness is key, and this place ranks higher than most others that attempt top am reside in the same class.
The food is exceptional, the best I've ever had at any Mexican fast food restaurant.
There is enough seating to take care care of the lunch hour traffic, but the whole restaurant is tucked in behind the discount you're, so if you're going to end up there, you've got to be looking for it.
Try it out today, and find out why they are blossoming as a company, and join the crowd that knows where to find the best Mexican food ;)

Nice staff, drive thru option available.
This is a simple Mexican food place.
Prices are reasonable.

Pretty disappointed with this place based on the previous reviews.
I got the four rolled tacos special.
The rolled tacos were flavorless and lacking meat.
Guac was alright but not enough to help the flavor of the tacos.
The beans were incredibly salty and I probably wouldn't have been able to eat them besides the fact that the rice was incredibly bland and eating them together balanced them out a tiny bit.
I got the lemonade which was mediocre, but my friend who got the pineapple drink thought that it was so sweet she couldn't drink any of it.

OK place.
They seem to trim the meat or at least cook it enough that there's no fat...which is great for me since nothing turns me off more than getting a mouthful of fat.
Ick!
Anyways, tried several different tacos and I would definitely go back for the ground beef taco which was pretty good.
Some tacos are fried and others are not..kind of weird that they don't let you know which..the carne asada and carnitas are soft tacos and included guacamole that was more of a blended sauce..but decently thick sauce and include tomatoes.
The ground beef and chicken are fried and do not include guacamole or tomatoes.
The chicken was good but mega salty.
Although, it did have green peppers and onions in it which was a nice touch.
Maybe it would be good in a burrito to soak up all that salt.
The pork was very rich..too rich for me.
The carne asada was good but it had a very beefy flavor if you know what I mean..kind of like cheap beef has.
So, I would definitely go back in a pinch when I'm desparate and hugry.
Better than taco bell and filibertos but not the best place.
My favorite mexican fast food place at the moment is in the food court at fiesta mall.
Oh, also the drive through is located on the side street next to Discount Tire.
Just turn there and go a little farther down the block till you see the gap in the wall for the drive thru past the entrance to the strip mall--the drive thru wasn't marked that I could see.

