After messing around with a local "world renowned" burn center I needed to try something different!!
Dr. Hansen's treatment helped me turn the corner on healing my burn.
Highly recommend this doc!

I have been going to Dr. Hansen since 2006 & I will continue to see him for all my foot and ankle needs (I even drive all the way from Central Phoenix now to see him).
He is simply amazing!
He listens, he talks WITH you about options instead of talking AT you.
He's compassionate & comforts you if you have a little panic attack or a breakdown like yours truly!
I honestly cannot say enough about him.

One star due to a lack of  billing communication, poor treatment, and taking advantage of a young healthy student.
Initial treatment seemed fine, normal, not special, forgettable.
My foot was bothering me from running, doc said rest, have a shot of whatever I'm prescribing, and wear this brace at night.
Followed those orders to see minimal improvement, doc said to come back in.
After traveling to get there and waiting to see this guy, he says to keep resting and check back in, 4 hours of my time for him to take 2 minutes to state the obvious and charge me for the visit.
A month later I get a $350 bill.
Nothing other than the 2 visit deductibles, $35, was ever discussed.
The majority of the bill was $200 for the cheap plastic brace, available on amazon for about $20.
IF YOU GO HERE MAKE SURE YOU TAKE NOTES AND CLARIFY PRICE BEFORE YOU GET "TREATMENT" FROM THIS GUY.
My foot continues to hurt, I'm out $350.

After a living with pain in my left foot that kept me from taking daily walks for several weeks, I made an appointment with Dr. Clement.
I was pleasantly surprised that I could book my appointment online as well as fill out the new patient information forms at the same time - they use a service called ZocDoc.
The service also sends out a reminder email before the scheduled appointment and the office called to confirm that they had received my patient information online.
The next thing that impressed me was that I did not have to cool my heels in the waiting room for more than about 10 minutes once I arrived for my appointment.
The office has a handy X-Ray machine so I did not have to leave the premises to find out that I had a stress fracture.
Dr. Clement's treatment of my injury was courteous and professional.
He provided me with alternatives for engaging in physical activity while I wait for my fracture to heal.
The office staff were terrific.
Dr. Clement's assistant explained the process of putting on the (fashionable) half-boot I have to wear.
I was out of there in a relatively short period of time.
Good thing since I'm not the biggest fan of spending time in doctors' offices.

