Worst service ever.
I should stop right there:  WORST SERVICE EVER.
You call for a quote, they say they'll call back and schedule a time...never hear from them.
You call again.....same thing.
AGAIN (I'm feeling like a sucker at this point) and they final schedule a time.
And then....they are late.
But, because the pricing appears reasonable, you call back to get an exact price and quantity quote (the onsite is for general reference only) and....no one responds.
So you call again, and again....and FINALLY you get a really quote.
And it's very reasonable so, against your better judgement you book them.
And guess what?
They dump the rock and don't come back until LATE the next day.
No call, no one answers the phone, and the apology at this point is tepid at best.
They are nice people but incompetent.
So the saying, "Fool me once, shame on you.
Fool me twice, shame on me" holds true.
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
The pain and stress and annoyance of getting what you want is NOT worth the money you might save.
By the way, as I write this, I FINALLY got someone on the phone:  they said they'd be there "soon".
Did I mention WORST SERVICE EVER?

Got 10 ton of rocks.
When we ordered the rocks we were given to understand that the "washed" quality is better and will more rocks of the 3/4 " rocks with less gravel, however that is not true...
When I called back I was told that the screened rocks are better (and cheaper)!
Was given incorrect information by the Supervisor/salesperson at 1109 N Cave Creek Location.
Very disappointing .

Patty is exactly right.
WORST SERVICE ever.
A 10 day job turned into a 2 month experience while are our back and front yards looked like a  disaster area.
Phone calls were not answered and if we got a person they lied  about scheduling.
They did not show up many times  There was no supervision so things were done without regard a sequence that made sense.
They did not clean up at the end of the day, dirt and empty water bottles everywhere.
Owner is a master of excuses.
Had we not made a pre payment we would have fired them right away.

Yesterday (6/8/2013) I saw one of the workers from C Landscaping dump 3 dump truck loads of Dirt / Concert and garbage in the alley in North Phoenix.
Very shady !!
Good thing I have pictures of the truck, plate number to give to the police and city of Phoenix so they can prosecute them for what they did.
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY !!
They need to go away !

