Two days ago at my annual "lady doctor" visit,  a cyst was found on my thyroid.
Had some bloodwork done, then was sent next door to AZ Tech Radiology to have a Thyroid Ultrasound.
Let's see .
It was easy to schedule an appointment, and the front desk staff was very personable, unlike most places I've been to.
Tammy the tech was friendly enough.
I'm not sure about any of the other locations, but I had a good experience here.

It's sad when people at the radiology place know you by first name after a year of surgical hell.
Came back here in February for MRI and CT scans in the pursuit of figuring out what was happening with my back.
Erm, kidney.
Hah.
As always, appointments were easy to schedule, and everyone was polite and helpful.
Got results back super fast.
Will was my MRI tech.
Funny dude, too bad I was mega cracked out on sedatives and couldn't interact with him a little more.
James did my CT with IV contrast.
In and out a lot quicker than the MRI.
Again, good experience overall .
but honestly, what person in their right mind likes being trapped in a tube for hours or feel like you're pissing yourself while being pumped full of dye?!
No issues with billing and insurance, either.
Recommended.
And hope to have no reason to come back here for a long, LONG time!

Wish people would listen.
I have had a ultra sound done and a CT scan done.
The only complaint I have is the office staff miss communicating with doctors.
Under my poor insurance 3 out of the x number of doctors are covered.
Low and behold the doctor to review my results was not one of the ones and I have now a $959 bill to pay for lab work.
The ultra sound was showing I had all kinds of ailments that would require surgery, then I got a follow up CT scan and was told everything was fine.
The Ultra sounds are not as accurate.
However I still get to pay for both regardless of the results.
The staff and technicians are excellent the equipment is current and everyone is very well trained.
Again only complaint is communication between billing, insurance and doctors.

Worst place.
Staff is horrible and rude.
Always rescheduling me.

