We recently moved into a home that literally had 13 keys to various doors and gates.
Pop A Lock came out and reduced it to only TWO keys!
They were on time, clean, professional, didn't tear anything up, and straight forward on the pricing.
Clearly the "class act" of lock smiths!
THANKS!!

You know that scene in Duplicity where Michael Keaton is explaining that a copy of a copy is just a little off?
Well it's true.
I needed to make a copy of my key, but I only had a copy of a copy of a copy.
Not knowing of any locksmiths in my area I came across Pop-A-Lock on Yelp.
Bill, the owner, answered my call and came out within the hour to rekey my house.
He did a great job and didn't leave a mess.
I give Pop-A-Lock an A+++.

I finally gave in, I couldn't find the keys to my explorer, so I started making calls to get a quote on replacement car keys.
After calling several people, Bill from pop-a-lock was the only one who could give me a real quote over the phone without all the added "possible fees.
"   Bill was great!
He came on time and provided me with exceptional service.
Not only did he stay true to his quote, but it was also the best deal I could find after calling around.
I got 2 brand new keys to my car for around $100.
Perfect!
Not only that, but my car had been sitting in my garage for a while, and Bill gave my car a jump start when my battery died after programming the keys.
Life saver!
I would definitely recommend him if your locked out!

After having a terribly scary experience which resulted in calling the police a couple years back, I never wanted to call a lock smith again.
Being who I am however, I locked myself out of my house again and had no choice.
Instead of searching around for the cheapest deal and hoping someone decent would show up this time, I figured I'd just buck up and pay the money to have Pop A Lock come and let me in my house.
I am so glad I did.
They showed up in less then 15 minutes and let me in.
The fact that they were in a marked car and uniform was a big plus and I didn't feel like I was about to be criminalized.
The best part was they were actually cheaper!
I couldn't believe it.
The gentleman that came to let me in my house even offered to make me a duplicate key at a great price so that this didn't keep happening.
I thought that was nice on account they make their money when people lock themselves out!
I hope I don't have to call any locksmith ever again, but if I happen to make some dumb mistake again, I will for sure call Pop A Lock.

wow!!
what great service from Greg.
I needed a spare key for my RV.
Greg checked his inventory, he had one and the job was completed in minutes.

We needed all the locks in our house re-keyed.
I called several different locksmith and their quote was by far the best.
Bill was great!
I highly recommend them and will use them again in the future.

