Love this place!
I've been coming here for 2 years.
For $39, you get.
Mani/pedi combo that includes a hot tea soak, a super long hot stone massage, callus removal, and warm towels afterward.
The place is super clean, and the staff is friendly and they are reasonably priced.
Can't beat it!
Love coming here :)

I just moved to Arizona and have been looking for a good place to get my nails done, every other place I've been to was nothing special.
I had driven by this place an thought I'd try it out.
I had an amazing experience.
When I sat down to get my pedicure I women started massaging my neck and arms!
The pedicure was long an good and I had only purchased the cheapest one.
I also got a gel manicure that was very affordable!
I will definitely be coming back on a regular bases!

i requested the reflexology pedicure which was ok.
But the girl who did the massage was not the same as the one who painted my nails.
The one painted my nails was rough on my feet and did an ok job.
But what really made me mad was when I gave her a $5 tip (which I felt was generous) and she asked if I was planning to tip the girl who massaged me.
Are you kidding me?
I will never go back there!

Loves!
I've been trying different nail salons around my work and I have found the winner!
They have a long list of pedicure options and I selected a basic one for $25 to try the place out.
Low and behold it included an awesome hand and arm massage, hot rocks, etc.
it's a little odd that the masseuse and nail tech switch back and forth, but the result is each doing what they are good at.
And yes...
Please tip them both, they both did great work simultaneously!

so everyone knows there's a nail salon on every corner in Scottsdale and I've probably sampled most of them.
But this one is different.
The energy in this little place is incredibly positive, and the techs are all good.
I'm partial to Kevin, the guy who does my nails - but I've tried others and they're all good.
The other thing that's unusual about this place is that they will repair any of your nails in between your appointments at no charge.
Even if it means they have to change the color of your polish on all your nails.
Don't take advantage - but isn't that a nice perk?
It's owned by a husband and wife and they both work there and it's like half men and half women who work there and the guys do chair massages as you're getting treatments.
A special little place in an otherwise very cluttered marketplace.

The pedicure price changed several times by the time I ended up getting to the register.
First 20, then 25, then 28.
I ended up paying the $25.
ALL I had done was the basic #1, basically a polish change and a "massage".
No flowers, french paint, just basic.
I HATED the massage, which was an ARM massage for some reason.
Some random dude ( who did not paint my nails) came over and started rubbing my arms with a tiny bit of lotion, HARD.
So hard in fact, I ended up with some lovely finger shaped bruises.
I kept telling him "ow, ouch, that hurts, gently, lighter, PLEASE!
No more.
"   The nail polish job was so poor, that I had sticky polish stuck to my sheets the next morning.
You can imagine how my toes looked.
Not going back, not impressed.

Went for a pedicure and gel nails.
With one $5 upgrade it was about $64 - a bit pricey for the services.
The massage was also very light and very quick, and probably doesn't count as a massage.
The biggest downfall was that the tools and inside of the salon looked dirty.
I snapped a pic of the gel UV machine - super dirty on the outside, and when I went to put my hand inside, there was sticky stuff all over the inside of the machine.
I told the girl, but she shrugged it off.
Not clean = not cool.

Tried this place for a little change of pace because I was getting bored w my usual go-to salon.
I was so happy I went!
For 23 dollars I got a great pedicure that included a free hand/arm rub, what?!
I was so relaxed.
You don't see much for free these days.
I wish I had more time because I saw a pedicure on the menu for 28 that included a 45 minute massage, how do they do this!?
Will be back.
I noticed they have pictures on each desk of the different ways to file nails so you just point to what you want yours to look like, genious!
They give discounts for paying cash, and if you make an apt you save 10%, also gave me a coupon for 5 dollars off next time.
Found my new nail salon!

I have been getting my Nails  done here for years and after years of looking for a good quality, clean , friendly place I am at Home here .
I feel like Norm on the TV show Cheers when I go in.
The work is great and price is good what more can you ask for.

Lucky to get even one star from me.
After coming from a nail salon across the street and having them lie to us about how long we would have to wait, we were already annoyed so we asked right away how long the wait was.
To our surprise, we got in immediately and within 5 minutes she was going at my cuticles.
All downhill from there.
She was pushing waaaaay too hard & deep on my cuticles so after toughing it out for a few fingers- I politely asked her to be a little more gentle.
She responded with " your cuticles are hard and tough...
I need to push hard..." Basically blaming my god awful cuticles for the abuse I deserved.
When she finally got done with the scalpel, she moved on to the cuticle cutter thing- and proceeded to draw blood on THREE different fingers!!!!
At this point I'm near tears and not even wanting to finish- then she dumps a crapload of alcohol on the bloody ones... See my 'quick tip' for a visual- this was a day after my service, finger just looks nasty with dried blood everywhere.
Fast forward to check out- she tells me $30.50- random- that's a standard gel mani price?????
She runs my card & I look at it- authorized for $35.50.
I immediately point it out- she runs to the back to get a manager, then gives me $5 change from the till.
What an awful experience!!!!!!

I really love this salon, all the people are kind .
I especially enjoy Kevin.
He is so good with my nails and an amazing artist for flowers on the big toe!!!
Very clean and professional.

DO NOT GO HERE!
We had five girls come to get mani/pedis for prom.
Each one had multiple issues and were not taken care of.
One, with sensitive cuticles, had multiple fingers bleed because the lady refused to cease the manicure when asked.
Another paid $20 extra just for gel polish..
Which they failed to mention.
It is $25 for a pedicure but then thy slapped $20 on it for gel polish.
Ridiculous!!
Very slow with service.
I personally sat for 30 mins without any communication.

Easy to get in without and appointment.
Open on Sundays (which is hard to find in these parts).
Offers a more extended range of services.
Good quality job..highly recommend!

This is my favorite nail salon.
When I was away at college, I couldn't wait for my trip home so I could go and visit First Nails.
They really make make your salon expienece comfortable and enjoyable.
The Standard Pedicure has every thing you could want and a a little more.

Just less than a year ago I came here for my nails.
Kevin was the best nail technician but most all of them were good.
I tried it again about 10 days ago and the nail tech was in a big hurry, was rough and hurt my hands and did a lousy job.
She didn't clean under my artificial nails when she filled them, and my nails look bad and are pulling up.
I paid double what I usually pay for my nails because I was "treating myself.
"  All I can say is that the salon has lost its best people during whatever changeover has taken place.

I normally go to the salon across the street, but they had a 2 hour wait and I needed to get in and out.
The sign in the window said Spa Pedi 20.00 I sit down, the guy walks over my feet are not even in the water and he starts the pedicure.
Ummm okay, asked what I wanted I pointed to the window and said the spa pedi, he looks at my feet and laughs, and takes off my old polish (while watching TV) has to take time away from TV to trim cuticles, but goes RIGHT back when spending less than a minute a foot on my calluses, then comes the "massage" he sets a timer...THEN goes and get the stuff he needed (hot stones and lotion)  come back, sits down and starts watching TV again, I coughed and he grabs my leg and starts to give me the most  1/2 hearted massage.
Painted my toes and then tells me, 25.00, I said the sign says 20.00, oh sorry the sign is wrong.
Um yeah Dirty Sneaky place...do NOT go there

Both visits have been great .
No wait , my nails came out great and lasted !!!
My pedicures both times have been so relaxing and well worth the cost

