This is the newest JC Penny in the East Valley.
It's also the cleanest store I've ever seen so far.
Hope they stay that way forever.
The location is really close to where I live and where I eat or watch movie.
The only thing bothering me is the selections of Man's shoes.
Other department stores carry more shoes.
The in store salon has some great products that you can purchase from.
Other than that, nothing really stand out from other locations.

This is a nice store!
It is well layed out, clean and organized.
The sales people are very helpful and they have great sales.
My sister was looking for something to wear to a wedding, nothing dressy since it was to be outdoors by a lake, but something nice as well as comfortable.
She found just the right thing and the sales women asked if she had the coupon to get even more off the already sale price.
We did not have a coupon so she promptly gave us one.
Score!
We browsed around the store looking at housewares and some clothes for my daughter.
I scored a cute scort and shirt as well as 2 pairs of flip flops for her, all on sale.
The other thing I love about this location is the Sephora located within the store.
This means I don't have to brave the mall if I just need one or two items.
I was looking for some face clenser and moisturizer.
The sales woman was helpful and gave me three samples of cleanser to try.
I grew up going to J.C. Penny and so many of their stores have closed over the years but I'm glad this one is close to me and offers the things I need.

Got my hair cut at the JCPenney salon by a girl in her early 20s, who had been cutting hair for at least a couple of years.
She said she attended all the newest workshops and shows to learn the latest techniques.
I told her how I liked my hair, had it shortened about 2-3 inches with long layers.
Nothing too complicated.
She started styling my hair with a roundbrush and over time began using a flatiron to style my hair.
I have realized that stylists do this when the hair isn't coming out as they expected, and the flatiron hides the layers and imperfections from the client at first sight.
The cut was $33 and she gave me a coupon with $13 off, so it came to $20.
I figured I could style it myself when I got home to get the style I wanted.
When I did, I realized my hair was very bulky, the layers were not textured and they didn't lay right.
I won't be going back.

*This review is of the portrait studio only.
*  The photo session was fine, though a little rushed since they were running behind schedule on the day that we went in (which was a Monday.
)  The ordering process was OK, but a bit stressful.
I mean, the whole ordeal is quite old school!
Why do I have to order prints immediately following the photo session?
The pictures are available online in case I want to order anything else, so why can't I just take my time going through the shots and putting together a photo package that i want to purchase in the comfort of my home, instead of having to make a snap decision at the studio?
And why do I have to wait 2 weeks to receive the prints?
Is this 1982?
The prints were ok, but even with a 40% off coupon, I spent $50 on an 8x10, 4 5x7s, and 4 31/2x5s.

This review is just for the portrait studio.
The rest of the store is great, I shop there all the time, but will never, ever have pictures taken there again!
I made an appointment with them because I had my daughter's one year pics done at the JCP in Goodyear and they were fantastic so I was hopeful we'd have a similar experience at this store.
Wrong!
The woman did not give a crap about us.
She rushed us in and out.
She literally photographed them for five minutes and we only had about 20 pics to choose from, half of which my son was crying/upset (he's one and she barely attempted to cheer him up and seemed annoyed that he was doing so).
She didn't change the background until I asked her to (you're supposed to get two during the session) and complained about doing it.
We had a bag full of stuff she didn't touch and she didn't use any props.
When I called later to complain (which I never do, I'm a very compliant customer) she basically tried to blame it all on me.
She was quick to offer a refund which was nice I guess, but to me it implies that this happens often.
Best advice, go someplace else!

(this review is for Sephora only)  Ugh, this Sephora blows.
I didn't even know it was possible for a Sephora to suck so hard but it's completely due to the people that work here.
The only reason that I'm giving this place two stars instead of one is because it's not the make ups fault that it has to be sold by people who hate the world around them.
I've been here several times because it's convenient to just pick something up but every single time, I've had to deal with their terrible customer service.
They act like you're putting them out by trying to pay for your items.
You're better off not asking them any advice or opinions on products either.
Next time I'm in a bad mood, I'm going to come here and take it out on them - return the favor.

What has happened to JC Penny?
Its a good example of corporate management not having a clue as to what the customer wants.
I used to buy men's dress clothes there, even my Rockports.
The last time I went to the Chandler location, it looked like the men's section was being discontinued.
The selection went down hill, very poor and forget about anyone helping me.
This department was alot of inventory and choices at one time, not now.
Some locations actually had people that had experience in the fit and art of clothing sales, not here.
So, since that was a total loss I went to look at some dress shoes.
I say look because nobody helped me.
I waited in front of the shoe checkout desk until someone came out and I asked if they had a shoe in my size.
Guess what, NO.
I guess they are trying to survive with jewelry and ladies clothes.
Bye JCP.

The womens clothing dept looks as if a frumpy, middle aged woman chose all the clothes.
Nothing fits nicely (I'm a size 4-6) and most of the patterns are just down right ugly.
After spending more than an hour in the dressing room trying on ill fitting clothes I finally found 3 items that actually fit.
Then, after an hour of looking at expensive - even with the sale - cheaply made accessories (and not buying a single one) I went to check out.
There were literally 25 people in line and only 2 cashiers!
To top it off, the line was not even moving!
I could see the manager frantically trying to reach associates to help out, but no one came.
You would have thought she might have jumped behind a register???
Plus, you would think they would have scheduled more cashiers as this was a Sunday, holiday weekend AND they were having a sale!
After about 10 minutes of standing in a line that was not moving, I walked out.
If I wanted cheaply made, ugly clothes I would have gone to Kohls.
At least they always have plenty of cashiers!!
I blew 2 hours in that store for absolutely nothing.

The store is crowded.
And the check out area is always crowded and understaffed.
I miss the sales and coupons.
The selections are okay.
But if you don't fit into the junior/old lady box, then it's hard to find something that will work.
The Jean selection is horrible.
The boys department is small in comparison to the girls.
Better prices can be found elsewhere.

They do have good prices when it's on sale.
Quality is okay.
Customer service is a hit or miss.....

Excellent door buster sales and great service from Rosa at the registers who even gave me a coupon for an Extra 15% off.
Thorough out the store I was greeted with friendly hellos.

