Dropped in for a quick lunch on my way to Home Depot.
I wanted a quick light meal.
The place is clean and the lunch special is cheap.
The service was great real friendly.
I had Sesame Chicken and asked them to spice it up a little.
It was deep fried and served over white rice.
The chicken was good and the rice was rice.
LOL $3.69 for lunch and I am just starting to get hungry after 5 hours.
NOT BAD.

Merriam-Webster defines "Café" as follows... "A usually small and informal establishment serving various refreshments (as coffee).
"  Can you get coffee here?
No.
Well, to be honest, I have never asked for coffee, but who would at a Chinese...
I mean...Asian restaurant.
So this so called "Café" has no coffee.
Is that a problem?
No.
First of all, they do have 2/3 of the definition correct.
It is small, and informal.
For me, that is close enough.
I do have to say, though, that for an order-at-the-counter "Asian" restaurant, it is extremely clean and new inside.
And the staff is extremely friendly.
In fact, you can ask them about their food and they actually have an answer!
Now friends, this is extremely peculiar for such a restaurant.
This friendliness also lends itself to some flexibility when it comes to ordering.
They will let you substitute meats, adjust heat of a dish, etc., without blinking and eye.
And all this for dirt farm poor prices.
The lunch specials are an insane bargain with all kinds of sides.
And for dinner, although it is a bit more expensive, they load you up with tons of food.
But this begs the question you are all wondering.
Is this "Café" at least "Asian?
"  Merriam-Webster defines "Asian" as follows..."Of, relating to, or characteristic of the continent of Asia or its people.
"  So do they have Russian food here?
No.
Do they have Vegemite here?
No.
Do they even have Korean food or Japanese food?
No.
This is truly Chinese food, without question.
And it is an outstanding example of Chinese cuisine.
Everything is made to order, extremely fresh, and very light and authentic; sort of the anti-Panda Express.
And considering this place will make your food just about as quickly, without having to wait in line with a bunch of mouth-breathing yahoos, I would highly recommend a visit to Asian Café, even if the name is completely and utterly misleading.
And besides, the name still makes a lot more sense than Panda Express.
I mean, can you eat Panda there?
Do they have Pandas working in the kitchen?
Do they have a Panda petting zoo in there somewhere?
Would you want that where you eat anyway?
I hear those things are dirty, ornery, and smelly.

I've been going to this place for over 2 years and they have great food, prepared fast, and at great prices!
Try their Teriyaki Chicken, they use Chinese 5-spice, great ingredient!

Fantastic food.
Great prices.
Nice locale.
Every time I go in, I always feel like they're making food special for me.
Oh wait, they are !
I'm a picky eater, so I always deviate a little from the regular menu ingredients.
I love that they can cook to suit my needs.
It proves difficult sometimes at other restaurants.
But not at Asian Cafe.

This spot is the standard chinese food spot.
nothing to special but nothing wrong.
I randomly felt like chinese and have driven by this place a thousand times so wandered in.
Seems family owned.
We got a non-menu item, lo mein noodles with sheshwan sauce.
I got sweet and sour pork combo.
soooo the combo not only came with my pork but also crab puffs, rice, an eggroll, lo mein noodles, it was crazy for 7.50.  cant go wrong if your in the mod for some cheap chinese.

okay, but not nearly as good as this batch of reviews makes it sounds.
kind of cheap, but a little bit greasy  plenty of choices nearby that will get  you better quality for the same $

This place is great.
The food is really cheap, and made fresh.
While the bowls at Panda Express are like $5, they're only $3.40 here, and it tastes better.
Plus, you can customize the food for no additional charge (unless you add something).
Also, THEY DELIVER.

Moo shu pork is best I have had in years and wife loved the sweet and sour chicken.....I recommend the Asian cafe for good, quality take out at a good price!

Fair.
Great lunch prices

Average.
Not bad or special.
Reasonable prices

Lunch special was great price.
Under $7 with drink.
I had the orange chicken lunch combo.
The meal was super hot and quite tasty.
Good portion for a lunch combo.
Nice clean interior with new granite topped tables.
Atmosphere is what you would expect with a large waterfall painting and proverbial white ceramic cat on the counter.
Staff was very nice, even asking me how my meal was.
I will be back!

I recently moved to this neighborhood.
I stumbled upon this place one day when I was headed to the pizza place next door, but I didn't really want pizza.
WOW, what a great find.
The food is fresh and prepared quickly, and the portions are huge.
The staff are very nice.
I usually get the small, which is enough for two meals.
Now, I call to place an order for pickup, and they tell me 15 minutes, but it is usually closer to 5.
Delivery has been very quick as well.
I have tried almost everything on the menu, and love it all.

We flew into Phoenix and decided to eat lunch before we headed to Sedona.
We were craving Asian food and decided to give Asian Cafe a try.
We ordered, Mongolian beef, spicy Thai chicken, sesame chicken, and sweet and sour chicken.
Each entree was accompanied by a scoop of fried rice, a scoop of noodles, an egg roll, a fortune cookie, and a soda.
The egg roll was pretty standard fare, but had a nice ginger taste that was unique.
The fried rice was quite bland.
I am not an Asian noodle fan, so I did not try them.
The chicken entrees were all good.
All in all, the food was fine.
It was very inexpensive ... $4.50 for the whole meal.
I was not impressed, however,  with the styrofoam food boxes (dine-in meals  served that way), styrofoam cups and plastic forks and knives.
I do not think I would return to or recommend the restaurant as there are many others to choose from in the area .

The service here is great.
Food arrived quickly.
Be warned they dont include utensils.
But what was delivered was fantastic!
I would describe the food here as healthy, flavorful asian fusion..... and that's lowballing it.
we ordered orange chicken, thai spicy chicken, broccoli beef & soup.
everything was fantastic.Thai chicken is deliciously SPICY.
The wonton soup should be called surprise soup bcuz there's a yummy surprise in the bottom.
Try it!
Best egg rolls.
Try them too.
Happy 2013!

Our food was horrible!
We ordered the Mongolian beef, it was all onions hardly any meat.
Not to mention the Gen. Tao chicken was horrible too!
Not even sure if it was chicken.
This little café is down the street from my house, I used to go there all the time.
I had not been here in a while before tonight.
I will never return again.
We got the food to go.
I should've taken it back.
But after working all day, I was just too tired.
Beware!!!
Go anywhere else but here.
You will be disappointed.

I have read about this place since moving here a few years ago, and what a gem this place.
The atmosphere isn't elegant, but the Thai Spicy Chicken was incredible.
Full of flavor, veggies & chicken, made in just a few minutes, while being very economical.
I will return again very soon.
Give it a try.

This place is probably one of my favorite lunch spots in there area besides getting some Chino action in my life.
Food is all that you'd expect from an Americanized Asian joint.
The price is the gem.
The lunch specials are stellar.
If you pay more than $7 you're ordering wrong.
The portions are plenty generous for the price.
The place is clean, friendly, and fast.
All things that I value very much during my limited lunch hour.
I go 1-2 times a week, and have yet to be disappointed.
Give it a go

This place has great food at an affordable price.
The shrimp lo mein was outstanding and the Thai spicy chicken was very flavorful, it had a good kick of spice without being overwhelming.

I love Asian Cafe!!!!
I eat here all the time.
Love their Thai spicy chicken and shrimp and always get their lo mein.
They are fantastic at making substitutions also.
Great food for a great price!!!
We are going tonight as a matter of fact!

My favorite Chinese delivery.
You get a ton of food and it's not to expensive!
The employees are always friendly and smiling.
Just a little hole in the wall place.
My favorite part is they will sub tofu on any entree!
They always quote delivery at 30-40 min and ALWAYS show up wayyyy earlier.
My husband and I eat here at least once a month.

My first time at the Asian Cafe, after reading the reviews here I gave it a shot.
I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, with 2 egg rolls.
The chicken was very over cooked, and mostly inedible, the egg rolls were good but had a lot of black pepper in them.
Overall the highlight was the egg rolls, but the chicken upset my stomach, and I can't see myself returning to this location.

I went to Yelp to find a good Chinese food delivery place and came upon this one.
The last one I used to go to must have changed owners or something because the food went from amazing to awful.
I'm so glad we found this one.
The prices are reasonable and the food was delicious.
I ordered the spicy thai chicken and it was awesome.
It had lots of chicken and good quality chicken at that.
My boyfriend ordered the hunan spicy beef and again the beef was perfectly cooked.
We also ordered the pot stickers, and crab puffs and they didn't disappoint either.
The fried rice was not the best I ever had but it won't stop me from ordering there again.
This will be my go to place for Chinese from now on!
I don't know why anyone would give this place less than four stars.

I've been here several times and although the food is mostly pretty good, the man behind the counter is ALWAYS rude.
No matter how polite we are to him, he never fails to roll his eyes at us when we ask for extra sweet and sour or hot mustard.
He also rolls his eyes when we ask simple questions about the dishes we plan to order.
He talks to us like we are stupid and always makes it clear that we are inconveniencing him.
If they didn't have lunch specials at such a great price I probably wouldn't go back due to his bad attitude, but the food and prices are pretty good.
My favorites are the beef and broccoli and the Thai spicy chicken.
The egg roll would be one of the best I've had except they don't change their fryer oil often enough and anything deep fried has a nasty rancid oil flavor.

By far the best place to get Chinese food!
I love the beef and broccoli.
Give the Asian cafe a try.
Good prices.
The people that own the place are very welcoming.

The best hole in the wall restaurant in phoenix!
Chicken Singapore rice noodles are highly recommend

