So I have to tell everyone.
I recently had my hair done By Marita.
If your looking for a stylist who can do exactly what you ask for.
This is the stylist for you.
The lady leaving as I was coming in had me staring after her just looking at her hair.
I have been going to Marita for 6 months now and I will not see anyone else.
I can even style my hair the way she does it.
Which says alot.
I never have a bad hair day anymore.
Totally happy with my hair now!

I am so glad this salon is open in the West Valley!
Sweet Salon has a great vibe and the staff are wonderful.
As soon as I walked in the door I was greeted with a warm welcome and offered a refreshment.
Michael came and got me from the waiting area and took me to his station.
He did a thorough consultation with me, asked me what I wanted him to do to my hair and also made some suggestions.
I was looking for a change from my boring hair color and style.
Michael was able to make my brown thin hair look full of body without taking too much off the length.
He also lightened it up just the right amount for summer!
I never would have pictured myself with bangs, but my husband and friends love my new hairstyle.
Overall I would give this salon a 5 out of 5.
Great service, prices, cleanliness, and talented staff!

This very nice and modern salon is a real asset to the West Valley.
I followed Michael's advice on color and cut, my hair feels healthy again and looks great.
There is great energy in the salon, and everyone was friendly and professional.

I was in a few months ago and had my hair done by Kathy (who is no longer there, from what I have heard).
She did a great job with my curly mop of hair.
The overall atmosphere of the salon was nice.
The atmosphere was more high end than your typical salon, and I would likely go back again.

Andrea has now done 4 Brazilian Blowouts on my hair.
She charges a very reasonable and competitive rate.
It has turned out perfect every time.
I moved from Ohio and played the "find a hairdresser I love" game for 2 years before finding Andrea.
She recently moved to Sweet Salon from another place.
Sweet Salon is clean, inviting, and modern, and I love it.
However, I'd probably let Andrea do my hair on the street if that was my only choice.
Lol.
;)  She is super fun and easy to talk to.
She is my new "forever" hairdresser.
So super happy I found her.
Seriously.

Andrea has now done four Brazilian Blowouts on my hair.
She charges a very reasonable and competitive rate - I can't find a salon that does it cheaper.
It has turned out perfect every time.
I moved from Ohio and played the "find a hairdresser I love" game for two years before finding Andrea.
She recently moved to Sweet Salon from another place.
Sweet Salon is clean, inviting, and modern, and I love it.
However, I'd probably let Andrea do my hair on the street if that was my only choice.
Lol.
;)  She is super fun and easy to talk to.
She is my new "forever" hairdresser.
So super happy I found her.

Just relocated to Goodyear AZ from Los Angeles CA and looked at the reviews for local salons.
I am so happy I came across this salon AND Michael!
I immediately fell in love with Michael when I handed him my "recipe" from my previous stylist and he said, "let's give him a call" so I make sure i understand his notes!
Michael took the time to talk with my previous stylist...LOVE that he actually shows sincere interest in getting it right!
Gotta love that!
In addition, not only did I love my color, I just love my cut and received many compliments from friends and family.
I think I may have found my new go to guy!!

Prices were reasonable.
Girls were very nice.
Stayed open pretty late for us working ladies.
My hair looks amazing.
Great highlight job by Angela.
The customer that she colored before me looked great too.
Only complaint would have to be that it took a little longer than expected because she had to double up on customers.
No fault to the stylist.
It would help if they had another person staying late because they were busy!
Overall I will definitely be coming again.
Thanks

Cassandra is amazing!!!!
She's is the only person I will ever go to!
I have been a loyal customer for the past 15 years!
Every cut, color and style she has done has looked great.
My hair always feels fresh after!
I refer her to everyone!
I even have my family going to Cassandra.

Paige is awesome!
I went in today with a picture of a color and cut I've been wanting and without hesitation she delivered above and beyond my expectations I still can't stop smiling from how happy I am with my new look Thank you Paige I'm definitely coming back

Sweet is indeed very Sweet.
Paige is professional, is a perfectionist and an excellent hairdresser and colorist.
Blunt A-Line bobs are really difficult to do, much less do well.
I am a difficult client, in that I want a perfect bob.
Paige did it!
I was very impressed with her on so many levels.
The salon itself is lovely, painted in soft and relaxing greens.
The chairs for washing hair are like massage chairs.
I had found out about it from another stylist who had moved there.
Apparently, she is no longer there.
But fear not-Paige will color, cut and style your hair perfectly!
How Sweet it Is!

I found this place because it was highly recommended though an AF wife's group, and boy am I glad I went.
Cassandra is AWESOME!
I always go for dramatic highlights and she does a fanatic job.
The color is always great and stays bold.
She even knows sign language for the hearing impaired!
Everyone there is so nice, you feel like your just hanging out with your family!
I would highly recommend!
A+++

I finally decided to do the ombre hair and I was referred to Paige.
I am so glad I did because I love it!
Paige did such a great job even with my thick long hair.
Paige never complained and took her time to make it look right.
I will be going to her again when the time comes.
Thanks Paige!

I've had my hair cut by Michael Sweet got as long as I can remember.
I have followed him around and now he his own place.
Funny dude!
Ask him about some of his High School stories!

I have had only 2 experiences with Sweet Salon, one very positive and the other extremely negative.
I, like almost every woman is very particular with who cuts my  hair.
So when I found a location near me with a great price I decided to check them out.
Had a very good response!
The salon is kept very tidy and when you walk in you are welcomed.
So I decided to bring my sister back with me a second time so she could experience what I did.
I called in for an appointment with the same lady that cut my hair, she was booked, which was fine.
We were generated towards another woman that we were told was open.
We drove to the salon and were greeted per usual, we waited for about 20-25 minutes before they came to us and told us that the woman who was supposedly open for a haircut, was now no longer available.
Really?
Where was the communication between us and the stylists and the receptionist?
I felt that they handled it poorly.
In the end, my sister was advised to make an appointment (that's how we got into this mess!
), but for the following week!!
I was very disappointed in the service and most likely not be returning.

Great salon with skilled stylists!
My family and friends love Cassandra and all the staff there!

I needed someone here in Goodyear to do my hair while my fiance and I are here in the valley for doctor visits.
Now I think I'll be driving down from Prescott just to have Paige take care of my hair.
She is fabulous and the place is wonderful.
This a rare thing to be so lucky, but if you are reading this, call Paige :)

I am new to the area, I Needed to find a good salon and hairdresser, I had seen all the great reviews about Sweet Salon so I thought I would give it a try.
I love the salon it's very adorable!
My stylist Paige was amazing!
She new exactly what I wanted and did a great job, she has a great personality and is very stylish and adorable, they are very affordable also!
Great place would totally recommend it and I will be a continued customer!

Paige has done It again, I go in looking like I have a Loofah on the back of my head, and she comes back and makes me look and feel like a million bucks!!
she's amazing and gets it right every time Thank youii

I had kaitlyn and she was definitely a breath of fresh air compared to the experiences with salons that I have in the past!
She did exactly what I asked (cut and color) and talked to me the whole time I really enjoyed having her as my stylist :) I will definitely be going back again!
5 stars!

