This place could not tell me what was wrong with my puppy, they wanted to charge me twice for the same issue and then when I asked about the charge told me that i just probably couldnt afford to pay.
So upset with this I called HR do you think they cared to do anything NO!
Please save yourself and animal by going to a better caring vet!

Took our dog Sydney to the Westbrook on the recommendation of a friend and I could not be happier.
The doctor took his time with our dog and really made her feel comfortable.
He was super knowledgable and answered every question we had.
We will be bringing all of our animals here from now on.
I will recommend this place to anyone I know with a pet.

Came here tonight because my dog was having some serious problems eating and breathing.
Called ahead, office said they could fit us in right away.
Girls were friendly and efficient.
Vet was wonderful and explained everything.
My dog felt comfortable and got immediate treatment.
Ended up having a salivary gland infection.
Prices were also reasonable.
Would go back without hesitation.

Love Westbrook Animal Hospital.
Open 7 days a week.
Friendly staff, great vets who make follow up calls to check on how your pet is doing.
Always caring and helpful.
Usually can get in right away.
Recommend to all my friends!

Do you want to pay $500 for your cat to get three shots?
This is the place for you!!
They will try to hook you into follow-up treatment because they just cannot get enough cash out of you in just one appointment.
Is it odd that a shot costs $100?
Not here.
That's just run of the mill regular.
This place makes me understand why people just let their animals suffer until the last moment.
They are no friend to animals.
They are a capitalistic racket with profit as their only motive.
RUN far away to a mom and pop shop where the vet and staff is not worried about padding their bill and reaching their sales goals.
BTW, when you explain to them that the cost is prohibitive, they kindly offer payment plans and credit cards.
They think that is equal to finding a treatment plan that is affordable and ABSOLUTELY necessary.
Oh, and the $175 in-house blood test is a complete RIPOFF!!
I do not recommend!

I called here one morning because my dog got into the trash, they got me in that afternoon.
No one was up front when I came in & sat for quite a while before I was greeted.
When I was taken back to the exam room I waited for about 30 min for the tech to come get the paper work I filled out for my dogs.
When the Dr. finally came to the room she was very friendly & came up with a treatment plan right away.
The Dr. & the tech were knowledgable & answered all of my questions.
I was given a few different options & was shown different pricing so I could choose, which I really liked having that option instead of just being hit with a large bill.
They were very sweet but it took almost 2 hours from walking in to walking out.
Maybe they were just short staffed that day?
They called the next day to check on my baby as well as sent me magnets of my fur babies pictures!
LOVED that!
It was a very neat touch.
All in all, I would recommend this vet, I just wish the wait time was shorter.

I brought my new rescue dog in to Westbrook and saw Dr. Hummel.
I was very impressed with the receptionist, the technicians and the very kind and knowledgeable Dr. Hummel.
He made a follow-up call to check on my dog which is a plus with me.
The offices are very clean.
This is their new facility on 91st and Union Hills in the Fry's shopping area.
I was very pleased with how my pet was treated.

