I can't say enough good things about this shop and Amr.
Not onnly was the work done for $400 cheaper than the other local shop I brought my car to, but they actually brought my car to emmisions to verify that the work done was correct.
I will be bringing all of my vehicles here in the future.

SInce my last review I have been back to this shop with my new car and my husbands car.
Again, we have received the most excellent customer service and maintenance on our cars.
I know going here as a female that I will not be over sold or ripped off.
That makes me feel so much better!

I've always associated the name Meineke as a Jiffy Lube hybrid with plenty of inane upselling.
NOT ANYMORE - this place is fantastic.
Nearly every customer is a repeat, and shockingly, the owners recognize a person by their name, face, and CAR (even as one person's mother's car when I was there).
I just got a simple oil change, and they let me use an unprinted, online coupon with absolutely no hassle.
No stupid upselling here - they noted my battery was on its last leg but didn't push the issue, saying it probably had a bit of life left it in, but that they could fix it now or when it really became a real issue.
Quite a refreshing change from every Jiffy Lube oil change where I am quoted about $2k in unnecessary work.
Appointments, even for oil changes are recommended, but they were able to fit me in no problem.
I cannot include the waiting area in my review as I just hung out in the garage and chatted with the other customers and owners while I waited.

We took our car in on the 14th to get an oil change and the guys here suggested a transmission flush and that there was a leak that needed to be fixed.
They gave us a quote and I made an appointment for Monday at noon.
I got there and asked to be given the quote again and to know that's what the total would be when the car was done.
He printed it out and had me sign it.
A few hours later my car was done and they showed me what they had fixed and took me back to the front to pay.
It was the same amount I had been quoted even though it took longer.
Amr is the nicest guy and I will be happy to come back here!
I called several other car shops to see if they could quote me a lower price for what I needed done and none of them could come close.
Thanks Meineke!

They actually gave me 2 options, a cheap one to get by and no time waiting, or the other, where I fix the problem for good, but they did explain everything and I made my decision.
I feel good doing business with them because at other places they just try to take advantage of the situation and try to get as much as they can from clients.
Plus the service was great!

I just had service on my car.
They quote great prices.
I had a check engine light and they looked at it for free.
It turned out to be a gas cap.
They also replaced a leaking fuel line.
The price was exactly as quoted.
I will take all my vehicles here.
The customer service is great.!
The owners are friendly and know their stuff.

Very Happy with the services there.
they always take good care of me and my two cars.

Amr and the rest of the guys at Meineke always take really good care of my car when I'm there.
I trust them to give me a fair price and good service!

They told me they had to use a specific oil for a Honda.
After talking to three different Honda dealers I found out they were Full of it!
Don't waste time with people who run a business and don't know what they are talking about.

I have been coming to Amr for almost 10 years for my car needs.
It is refreshing to find a car place that actually takes care of and thinks more about your car than their cash register.
Last year I had my dealership contact me to tell me it was time for a tuneup  but when I checked online it told me I still had about 30k miles.
I then called Amr and he told me I was correct and the dealership was trying to meet their monthly quota.
Saved me money I didn't need to spend at that time.
Great guys, good service and ou can call and make an appt with absolutely no waiting.

Wow Amr and Ritchie are fantastic.
I had sent my 1966 Cadillac Eldorado to the Russo and Steele Auction from Los Angeles.
Just as we were driving it onto the truck we remembered it had a hole in the muffler that we forgot to get fixed so we rang Ritchie.
He confirmed he could get the part and to have the trucking company drop the car off to them and he would have it fixed and ready to go by the delivery deadline of Tuesday - True to their word they not only performed the work quickly, they charged a reasonable price and the icing on the cake was Amr offered to organise for it to get the Auction on time by booking a tow for us.
What a find !
I was in Los Angeles so was really doing this blind but hey called with updates, were courtesy and funny on the phone and provided a great Service.
Next time I need something done on our cars in Scottsdale I will use these guys without a doubt!

The first 4 visits were ok.
They were not exceptionally quick considering the service I requested was an oil change (usually an hour or more).
The receptionist/ (owner?
) was nice and acknowledged that I had been there before.
Today (april 18th) I arrived for my 10:30 APPOINTMENT and was greeted kindly.
She seemed confused and unsure as to whether I had an appointment but then said she was on the wrong day and confirmed that I had an appointment.
I told her I would go for breakfast and return after a little while.
She encouraged me to take my time.
I returned after an hour and my car hadn't been moved.
She said it would just be a few minutes and that her crew was very busy.
I asked for my keys and left.
There are plenty of options for an oil change.
Just be honest and tell me if you have time for me.

My husband took his Ford Taurus in to be repaired.
He was having trouble with the power steering and it was under warranty from a different Meineke.
They initially told him it would cost $630.
Then we get a phone call saying the car had a busted radiator (that was not leaking before we took it in) and to repair everything would be $1,030.
We should have left and gone someplace else at that point.
They had the car 2 days longer than they promised.
The next day the car cuts off at a light and my husband is stranded.
He takes it back to Meineke and they want to charge him $360 for an alternator.
I told him "NO WAY!
They are taking advantage of you.
Get a second opinion.
" It's a good thing we did because it was just  a loose wire they neglected to tighten.
Based on previous reviews, this place screws the guys but is nice to women.
Don't trust them with your car.
Thank you Lighting Lube for helping us out and not screwing us.

This is my go-to place for an oil change.
Super honest and nice people.
Amr and Audra are the owners and they are great people!
Make an appointment - you can call or do this online.
They seem to always be very busy..
Which is a good thing!

The owner is very nice and the guys did a great job on my car!
They noticed a few things wrong with it and told me my options.
One taillight was out and the while unit needed replaced.
The owner told me they could order it for me - but he also told me that I could get it for cheaper online and bring it in for installation!
He even emailed me a link to the part he was talking about.
I highly recommend coming here!
Just make an appointment - they are busy!

