After numerous bids from other window companies, we decided to go with Energy 1st, even though their cost was higher.
We liked the Amerimax and Thermador products and that Energy 1st is local and employ their own installers.
We replaced all the windows in our home, replaced a sliding door, turned a window into a sliding door, and converted one slider into a french door.
It was a big job.
The install was prompt, fast, and clean.The subcontractors who cut the new door were professional, too.
However, the finish work and attention to detail was less than desirable.
We've been working hard  to have them remedy some crooked/leaking issues on both doors and windows, and though they're willing, the scheduling takes a long time.
The trim, sealent, and caulking around the windows and doors seems shoddy, to be honest.
But the product is high quality, and the company is professional.

This company would not give me a quote for either radiant barrier or  cool wall paint  because my husband would not be there for the appointment!
And then I was promptly hung up on.
Seems a bit sexiest and old fashioned as I, a female, do all  of the hiring for projects in the home.
Not to mention rude, inconsiderate, and unprofessional.

I contracted Energy 1st Exteriors to replace the windows and screens in my house in 2011.
They were very quick to get the work started, but one of the windows arrived cracked and some of the screens were damaged.
It took weeks and weeks for them to come back and replace the cracked window and screens, which frustrated me greatly.
Here it is spring of 2014 and every single one of the plastic tabs on the screens have broken off and crumbled to pieces when I tried to remove them to clean the glass.
I called and contacted Energy 1st at least FIVE distinct and separate times and they continually ignore me or give me the run around.
Now they're claiming that the company which manufactured the windows is out of business, and my warranty is entirely void.
Do.
Not.
Trust.
These.
People.

Yep.
That thing Erin said.
Don't trust these people.
I was sold French doors two years ago with screened side doors.
Even when I bought them I had expressed concerns about having dogs who could damage the screens and was reassured that with a lifetime warranty that there would be no problem replacing them under warranty.
After months of back-and-forth calling, even having a representative come out and evaluate and reassure me that the parts would be ordered and installed, I'm now back to square one being told that I would be charged for a visit to evaluate and charged for any work and materials to be done.
Finally I'm being referred to the original manufacturer so I guess I'm a lot luckier than Erin and that my manufacturer is still in business!

We were confused about how the decrease in our order only discounted a small fraction of the total.
Their pricing seemed arbitrary.
Then when the windows were installed, one of them was the wrong style!
They stated that we signed the order slip, but the styles of windows were never detailed on the slip- just a window number which we had no access to referring.
They practice deception, charge what they want without pricing sheets, and won't honor their service.

This is an update from my 6/11/2014 Review:  I first made the deal with Energy 1st Exteriors for a front entry door replacement on my 1964 townhome on April 6 or 9, 2014.
There have been manufacturing issues and long timeline delays throughout the process.
I agreed to the order after a visit from a high pressure sales' person in early APRIL.
To date, I still do not have a properly installed door so that it can be stained & finished.
After promises that the manufacturer is located in West Phoenix and timelines are quite short, this experience has been nothing but one delay after another, and Energy 1st Exteriors has certainly given me the impression that their business plan is based upon "Customer Deception" rather than "Customer Service".
The door was installed with manufacturing defects in late-May.
In early-June the company's installer could not repair the door as promised, and I was assured the parts were local and could be shipped within a few days.
Customer Service later informed me that parts would not be available for 4-6 weeks.
They then informed me the parts would arrive on July 11th, and we scheduled the repair for July 15th (yesterday) at 6am so I would not be late for work (again).
Yesterday the installer arrived on schedule, but soon found out the wrong parts were shipped.
He then told me the manufacturer is located in West Phoenix, and the replacement parts could be sent overnight.
I contacted Customer Service later in the day as I had not heard from them.
I was then informed they had spoken to the manufacturer (West Phoenix), and regretably, the replacement parts will not be shipped for 4-6 weeks, which now means my unfinished front door, enduring already three months of weather, will not now be repaired until early-September.
Of course, there is no compensation on the part of the company for this high-priced door and install ordeal!
I would have been better off purchasing an expensive door through Home Depot and had a private installer complete the job!
ONE WEEK MAX!
This company is deceptive, and I highly caution the would-be consumer to not be taken, as I was, by this company's deceptive business practices!
To order a door in early-April with a sales' person assuring the job to be completed within a few weeks only to still be waiting for the job to be completed -- now anticipated for early-September if the correct part is shipped this time from China!
The manufacturer may be located in West Phoenix, but I believe their raw materials are produced in China!
I endured a very difficult phone call yesterday with the company's Customer Service rep.  All she could muster was to repeat over and over again the company's standard line regretting the error on the part of the manufacturer.
I confirmed with her that they had the correct door on my order form, so who's mistake was it in ordering the wrong part.
I received no follow-up phone call from a company manager explaining the situation.
I am simply left to the regret accepting the fact that I made a tremendous mistake trusting this company would stand by it's promises and unknowingly realized I would endure 6 months of deception!

