This lady her name is Daniel she wasn't listen  to me  how I wanted her to cute my hair end up she got it wrong style.
She was so hurry to finish it.
She also ark for tip!
I would never go back to that place.

I took my son here to get a simple buzz cut and how do u mess that up?!?!
So was kinda up set because theres like a line of baldness if you will in his hair on the back of his head and have to wait till it grows out again.
These girls are rude up until there fishing for that tip.
I just left a dollar because of how rude this little girl was and seemed like she was in a hurry to get out of there because her bf was waiting in the car.
Also Never pay debit at this place Carlos and Monica the store managers will take more then wat u paid for , never coming back to this place.

Had a wonderful experience!!!!
We had just left a different salon because of the horrible experience we had, and didn't even get our haircut.
I called an hour before closing and asked if they could squeeze in a couple of cuts.
The lady on the phone was very friendly.
We walked in and were seated immediately.
The girls were so nice and personable.
We got great cuts and had a fantastic experience.
We will definitely be back in the future and will recommend this location to anyone in need.
Thank you for the great customer service and fantastic haircuts!!!
(Also at a much less cost then our first choice) We are super happy

I took my 3 year old son to Fantastic Sam's for a haircut and I can't say Ill ever go back.
POSITIVES:  It was reasonably priced.
There was no wait.
They gave out free lollipops and a token for the prize machine.
The staff was semi friendly.
It didn't take long to complete the hair cut.
NEGATIVES: The staff was only semi friendly.
The end results were a good reason that the prices are so low and why there was no wait.
The stylist (if that's what you want to call the lady with scissors)  had no clue what she was doing.
I'm thinking she completed beauty school thru correspondence courses.
Definately wont go back again!

Reported this salon to the BBB last yr for advertising $7.99 haircuts for kids and then charging me $9.99, even though I argued with them over the price.
After the owner comped us a free haircut, I have gone back a few times.
First of all, one stylist never cuts hair straight, necessitating a return trip, esp for kids.
My adult daughter went in for a trim last week and started to have a minor seizure (she has Epilepsy) while getting her hair washed.
The stylist grabbed her neck forcing her down to the sink and scolded her for moving and being uncooperative.
What makes this worse is I think it was one of the owners or his wife.
Okay, no more chances.
The salon is usually clean and the wait is not bad, but that's all I can say that's positive.
I have learned my lesson.

