Hairdays is a very friendly neighborhood hair salon.
I love that you do not need an appointment to be seen.
They are even open on Sundays.
Their price are very affordable!
I do notice they have a new staff member everytime I go but I still recognize many familiar faces.
The only thing that I don't understand is why their prices to color your hair is never consistent, seems to be dependent on who quotes it.
Other than that I am a true fan!.

I take my 2 boys - ages 12 and 15 - to see Carmen at Hairdays all the time.
She's fantastic!
Always on time and we never wait when we have an appointment.
I could not be happier her.
One thing that set Carmen apart was when she said "If your wife doesn't like this style on your boys, come back and I'll do what she wants for free".
Wow!
Tell me where you're going to get that kind of service!

If you need a new look go see Carmen or Cassandra at Hair Days they will fix you right up.
I have been going to them for years and I always walk out with a smile on my face.

Just finished up having Andy do my hair..
It was in really bad shape going in she helped pick the perfect color and talked me thru a new cut too!
She is amazing does phenomenal work I highly recommend seeing her if you need something new and fresh for fall!

I got my hair cut here today, and Andrea, "Andy," did a fantastic job.
When I walked in, the first thing I noticed was that all of the stylists were friendly and the shop was extremely clean!
Andy kept our conversation flowing as she cut my hair.
I asked for long layers and I asked her to not take too much off and she did perfectly.
Her cut and blow out left my hair feeling healthy, voluminous, light and healthy.
Thank you bunches, Andrea!

I moved from NY a year ago and have not gotten my hair cut until yesterday.
I went to Andy based on the Yelp reviews and I am very happy.
I had a terrible experience at Supercuts and was avoiding getting my hair cut for fear of another bad hair cut.
Andy did everything I asked.
Hairdays is very reasonably priced I will be back!

I love my new haircut from Carmen.
The receptionist is very friendly, and even though I was late for my first appointment, Carmen was very gracious.
I would definitely recommend this hair salon, you won't be disappointed.

Yeah, how hard is it to follow instructions?
Because when I asked for my haircut I got something WAY shorter than what I wanted.
But your thinking "Oh they might've understood you wrong.
" Nope I showed them a picture too and they still messed up!
(Yes im furious)

