If you're looking for a place to grub out and destroy some awesome burgers this is the place.
You get your food fast, and fresh, no better way to sit down and enjoy a good burger and some fries.
Did I mention you can get a large drink right now for $1?
That's right suckers, you can down 42oz of whatever soft drink you choose right now, for only $1.
That means I can get my drink on, and down two Cheeseburgers and a Spicy Chicken sandwich for only $4.
Oh and they do discounts as well.
Ten percent for students!
That's taking away tax and then some!!
Anyway, the food is awesome and the service is always great.
Never seen this place dirty.
I highly recommend it.

What can I say?
The Jim Bean Bourbon Burger was calling me.
With a nice mix of the sweet   bourbon sauce in every bite, crunchy onion straws, and pepper jack made great toppings.
Yes bacon, lettuce and tomato also join the meal, with such a fine mix of ingredients this burger did not disappoint.
A mighty fine burger from a fast food place.
With all that in it you will instantly go into a food coma once you finish it.
I needed a 1000 calorie burger so this fit the bill perfectly.
Without a meal all day Carl's Jr is my Kryptonite at times.
If  you are looking for a satisfying meal I never go wrong at Carl's.
Plus this particular location is generally appointed with friendly staff and well cooked fries.
Yes I even had fries, might as well get a meal if your going to cheat on your diet.
Go all the way and enjoy a fast food treat, check this place out when you get hungry.

Honestly, as far as fast food burgers go, this is pretty good.
A bit more pricey than the golden arches, but the food tastes better.
Service is reasonably fast and friendly and they will add or subtract whatever toppings you ask for when you order your burger.

Always have some issues with either ordering (because they can't understand me or I can't understand them) lucky to get correct order, but today was the worst ordered steak and egg burrito combo with coffee and steak an egg burrito with diet coke told me as usual would have total at window, got to window no total tried to give me a large and med soda told them it was supposed to be a large coffee didn't give me a real receipt just one with a total lady brought me bag of food said sorry having trouble with system today.
Got to work opened bag had med French fry large hash brown a western bacon cheeseburger an some mystery looking burrito.
Tried calling 3x keep getting fax machine doubt I'll come back to this location.
Trying to give this a one star rating only because I have to but yelp has put it at 3 stars and I can't seem to fix it

Carl's is our go to place when we want a fast food burger that is actually fast.
In and Out and 5 Guys I prefer but both generally take longer to get into and out of.
Overall I prefer a full restaurant experience and think I've had too much fast food in the past.
But if you are in a rush, Carl's will get the job done and be pretty good.

The drive thru is horrible they can't here u and u can't here them don't waist your time here.
I have asked for no cheese more than once.
I'm never spending money here again.

