Thank you Dr. Lindsey!
I will be a bride in about a week and was horrified to wake up to a ruptured blood vessel in my eye.
Concerned for my eyes as a diabetic and unsure if I was really ok (and if my pictures were going to turn out ok or not) I was able to get a quick appointment and after being examined was assured I was going to be just fine and that I was already in the healing stage.
I am so relieved and so grateful to be seen so quickly.
Thank you Valley Eye Care for taking some of the stress out of this crazy week!
It's amazing how much more relaxed I am after being examined - I just had to say Thanks!

Today was actually my first visit to this center as I had before gone to Jc Penny Optical, Target Optical and Macys Optical.
They were so nice and Dr Clyde was especially nice, I was a little nervous, I hadnt been to the eye doctor in forever and I really hate the machine that blows air in you eye!
I know its silly but the staff and the doctor were wonderful and I will be sticking to this place for a long while, They also were very nice since I did not have a lot of money in my bank account and were able to go over pricing with me.
I was very happy when I left and that doesnt happen often with doctors appointments!

Love these guys.
Dr. Lindsay was personable, thorough, patient, and knew her stuff.
The billing department affably worked through a snafu in my insurance.
I'll be going back!
Edited: I had to knock a star off my rating.
A couple of months after my second visit I asked for my prescription to be faxed so I could order glasses online.
There was nothing noted on my scrip under pupillary distance, which is a requirement for purchasing lenses.
I called to ask if they could give me that information and was told that the doctors only measure PD if you're purchasing frames directly from Valley Eyecare Center.
I was told to "Google how to measure it," and that was that.
I thought that was sorta shady; I'd paid for an eye exam SO THAT I could buy glasses, but wasn't supplied the complete information I needed to do it.
Lowered my opinion a little, but they're close to my office and otherwise have been great, so whatever, I still recommend them.
Just make sure to tell them to measure your PD and put it on your scrip.

Love my Optometrists!!!
Explained everything clearly answered my questions I had in details....very professional.
....love this place and the crew!!!
Only bad thing my right eye has changed.....ugh

