I went in today and used my living social voucher from a month or so ago.
Candice did my hair and she did a fabulous job.
I loved the salon, and it being my first time to an Aveda concept salon, I was very pleased with the overall experience.
Scalp massage, hand massage and really nice conversation.
I'd happily go back.
Now I just have to decide if I am keeping my hair short, or growing it out for the next couple years ;)

Just like Bridget H. I had a living social voucher that I totally forgot about.
Thankfully 1 week before expiration I went.
Super Cute!
At first I had trouble finding this place, it is tucked away some buildings, but I finally found it.
I was greeted by Franny and she immediately offered me something to drink.
Wine?
YES PLEASE!
How nice!
She then proceeded to give me a tour of the salon as Candice was finishing off with another client.
Such a cute salon and much bigger than it looks from outside.
I had my hair cut and styled with Candice.
What a sweetheart !
She was really nice and knowledgeable.
She starts by putting some oil for a short scalp massage then washes your hair.
She even gives you a hand massage while the conditioner is sitting!
So relaxing!
After that she cut my hair, not too much just like I asked her.
She called it a "baby cut" - it was perfect.
She blowdryed and styled my hair with a curling iron - loose curls.
I loved it!
She was great and I will defn come back for blow dry & styles from her.
She said it would be $20!!
What a STEAL!!
Great Salon!!!!

Me and my husband have been coming to Color Me Bella for close to five years (sorry for the delay in reviewing!!
) Chelsea works with us and is great!
A very good listener and great memory to what our needs are.
Love Aveda products and they have great stylists.
Highly recommend Color Me Bella!

I went to CMB Salon and Spa last week for a cut and color.
The experience was alright but there were some MAJOR bumps in the road.
PROS: +Welcoming front desk staff  +The stylist discussed my expectations and concerns about the color/color.
+The products used had a very natural feel.
CONS: -Under staffed salon: My stylist was preoccupied with another appointment while my color was drying off because of which she abandoned me for almost an hour.My hair is medium length but it still took her 4.5 hours to finish my cut+color.
-Constantly disturbed by the gossiping front desk and stylists.
-Don't seem to have experienced the "Aveda" feel/concept besides the 2 min long hand massage.
-Uneven tones in my hair: The end result was definitely NOT what had been described to me but was managable.

I discovered this place through the recommendation of a friend and I love what Tiffany (one of the stylists) did with my hair!!
The color is perfect and the cut is just what I wanted.
The salon was nice and clean and the people friendly.
I'd definitely recommend Color Me Bella and Tiffany to my friends and strangers alike!

Love this salon.
It's never super busy and packed.
Has a relaxing atmosphere.
I love the natural plant based Aveda products but downside the products are pricey.

I really love this salon.
I had a cut and color with Elise and she was fantastic.
The cut she gave me is perfect and I am able to replicate the style I walked out of the salon with everyday.
I appreciate that this salon is not pushy and does not try to sell products.
The salon is laid back and  very relaxing.
I have found my new West Valley Aveda concept salon!

