We eat here way too much.
How do I know?
The waitresses know us and where we like to sit (the bar so we can watch sports of course).
Good menu and you know what type of quality you are going to get.
Good bar selection and I have to admit the baby back ribs are pretty good especially with the Shiner Bock sauce.
My other fav is the Smokehouse burger.
The tacos are also pretty decent.
Great service (but that might be because we are regulars) and good food consistently.
Can't go wrong with that although after working for a food service company I am not a big fan of chains, but this is one I do like

We Love going to Chili's for Happy Hour, we always are welcomed, with smiles and a 'Hello Again", They know what we like, and always remember the little things, they take the time to suggest new things, and we always get GREAT service...
This is the place that all the girls love to go, its our favorite place, and we know each time we come, its going to be a Great time with friends, with Great food and drinks!
Thanks Chili's!

It's Chili's.
Pretty standard for a chain.
Nothing stood out in my book.
Service was normal.
Love the new avocado burger tho.

I visit Chili's with family and friends about two times per month.
We usually go to the the one at Bell and 7th St. or 27th Ave and 101.
The food for the most part is at least average to above average.
The chips and salsa are a good deal and the green chile and enchilada soups are great.
The food is pleasingly the same at each Chili's we visit.
However, there seems to be an ongoing kink in the service at the one on North Valley Parkway.
When they first opened a while back, we tried them twice because they are close to home.
Both times, the orders were messed up and the waitresses were friendly but not very knowledgeable about the menu.
The food took forever to arrive and no hint of an apology anywhere.
A few months later we decide to try again.
maybe they were just new and by now they have the kinks out.
Again, the wait time for our food was incredible and getting a drink refill was just wishful thinking.
Fast forward over a year.
Last Saturday-Nice waitress, seemingly nice greeters, food was as expected.
Over 90 minutes for soup and salad and water to drink.
Four times with the same problem is probably not coincidence.
The Chilis on 7th St always has the exact opposite.
Great service and normal wait time.
Hope it changes, it is a decent place to go.

I go there about once a week with my husband.
I'm watching calories and I love their Margarita Chicken.
I asked them to add avacado on top of my grilled chicken and it was amazing!
The waitstaff is always nice - they seem to be pretty busy but they to their best.
I have never had to wait to get seated which is convenient.
I really like going there with friends after work - they're really friendly in the bar....super great staff.
I would highly recommend Chili's off Carefree and I-17 just because I really like the staff.

I know, I know....  it's a chain restaurant and their are soooo many Chili's around the Phoenix metro, why would I write a review on this one?
Because it's the closest one to Anthem and I am hoping the Yelp "fairies and gods" will listen to my review and influence the mgmnt team!!
This place has all of the ingredients in becoming THE CHILI'S of all Chili's.
Great location, customers and little to no competition!!
So what's the problem?
The consistency of their service and food are deplorable.
Some visits they are well staffed with friendly and attentive servers and on other visits they little to no staff and they seem disgruntled and cantankerous.
The grub~ We always have to send something back or they will forget something.
It's gotten so bad we have resorted to ordering just soup and salad at this location and they seem to find a way to mess that up too.
The soup is either over seasoned or under seasoned, and they don't look at their salads close enough when hey make them.
We found lettuce cores in both salads on our last visit...
I'm pleading to the Yelp gods to influence the mgmnt in this restaurant.
I've tried to listen to their excuses and apologies, give them advise, and even coaching but they keep making the same mistakes...     At least the beer is cold, but you might have to wait to get it even if your the only person there.

Ate here with my family last night, and it was just an awful experience... everything I expected a chain restaurant to be.
Service was terrible, from the moment we sat down to the moment we left.
For starters, we got no place settings and had to ask for them after our appetizer arrived, so we were napkin-less for that course.
There were other problems I couldn't remember during our meal, and when we went to leave, we had to pretty much beg them to run our credit card.
Food was OK, but service couldn't have been worse.
My family has been there before, though, and they said the service isn't always that bad so.... 2 stars?

My experience at Chili's has an amazing distinction that I can't think of anything they did right.
- When I ordered Iced Tea to drink, the server asked if I wanted lemon.
I said no.
The Iced Tea was served with lemon anyway.
It was only refilled once during the meal, and that was when I asked for a refill after the glass sat empty for a few minutes.
- I ordered chips and salsa, free with a Foursquare coupon.
It appeared on the check (as did the coupon), but the chips and salsa was never delivered.
- I ordered a bacon burger without mayo.
It was served with mayonnaise.
- At the end of the meal, it took several minutes after removing my plate to ask if I wanted dessert or my check, and then several more minutes to actually deliver the check.
They explained, both to me, as well as to another table that complained when the server shorted them $10 in change, that it was only the server's second day.
Apparently she isn't ready, and should either be further trained, better supervised, or should find another job.
As for me, this server cost this Chili's a customer...
I don't plan to return.

I never go to any Chili's, Applebee's, TGIF's, unless I am forced to.
My bf's parent's wanted to go here for dinner the other night and even though I knew better, there was a small glimmer of hope that maybe, just maybe this Chili's would be different.
Since I had a late lunch I was still fairly full and decided on the Platinum margarita that comes in a shaker to pour more into your glass.
Or as I like to say, multiple drinks for a singular price!
The margarita was mixed well which made me happy.
For my meal I ordered the salad and soup combo and it came with chips and salsa.
The salad was boring iceberg with shredded cheese (I never remember to ask for them to nix the cheese because I never expect cheese on a salad) and a few cucumbers and VERY hard croutons.
The oil and vinegar I asked for came in dirty sticky glass bottles.
The baked potato soup was way too cheesy and salty, it tasted more like hot cheese dip and I couldn't stomach more than a few spoonfuls.
So it was a liquid dinner for the most part.
But a very good kind of liquid!
I guess from now on I will stick to the spirits if I am forced to go to this type of chain again, and try to have a snack when I get home later.

I got what you expect from Chili's.
Never great food but always good food.
Its consistent.
When you are traveling you can go to Chili's and always know what to expect.
I realy like the chips and salsa though.
My daughter always gets the kids cheese pizza.
It looks disgusting but she loves it.
I talked to the waiter and he said its the best seller on the kids menu.
I guess they know their market.
Had chicken fajitas on the two for 20 menu.
It was good but the chicken was a little bland.
I guess what you would expect from a chain trying to satisfy all tastes all over the US.

We had a great waitress, to bad the food just wasn't the best.

Food was above normal!
Service was also!
Much better then I remember it being!

Tonight we had some of the best food at this location that we've had in a couple of years.
However, that was after walking out last night and observing what appeared to be some very slow service.
There is not alot to choose from in the Tramonto area, and it's nice to have somewhere close, but our last few visits here have not been very impressive.
The key problems - slow service, less then genuine service and inconsistent food.
At this time, it is unlikely we will re-visit this convenient spot .
Hoping things improve!

I can't believe I'm about to do this, changed my rating to 4 stars, heck I could even go 4 and 1/2.
But the meal I had at this location recently really deserves the upped score.
We met a relative here for dinner and I was so hesitant to even come back because of my last experience, and with Chili's, Applebee's, Friday's in general I would pick any other place to eat if given the choice.
But here we were.
I was thinking of just getting an appetizer to pick at and then have a late dinner at home, but when I saw the special new steak menu I was intrigued, and there are probably two or three times a year I get a steak craving and it's nice to indulge it.
So, I ordered the parmesan crusted steak with steamed broccoli and the pepper gravy mashed potatoes.
Our waitress asked if I wanted mushrooms on the steak and of course I did.
I wasn't expecting much, but our food came out and I was blown away.
The steak was delicious and the parmesan and mushrooms really gave it so much extra.
My mashed potatoes were amazing with that pepper gravy I could have ordered a second helping.
Surprisingly they even did the steamed broccoli justice and it was cooked right and seasoned just enough.
I think I ate almost every bite on my plate in amazement.
I don't know what they did, new cook, new menu, new attitude, but whatever it is keep it up because I am impressed.

Came here last night after having to walk out of Heart And Soul Cafe...  honestly, we were ripe for the picking.
Having waited an hour with no food there, you could have given us a rusty bumper with cheese and we would have been happy.
But no.... we ordered the sirloin (which was our first mistake).
When we asked if the kitchen could put some blue cheese crumbles on the steak after it was done, the server looked at us like we had three heads.
She came back out to tell us that the cooks had never heard of it - really?
You've never heard of blue cheese on a steak?
Please.
I ordered the six ouncer and I got maybe two bites out of it...  all sinewy-gross lines.
It was ordered as medium and it about mooed at me - blood everywhere on the plate.
Service was tolerable - had to wait a while to get the check (which is a HUGE pet peeve of ours).
I did not have it in me to talk to the manager... just wanted to go home.
I cut up the leftover steak for my dog's breakfast this morning - it looked like it should have been considered 'waste'.
Horrible.
After a salad, two glasses of wine and two steak dinners, our pockets are $82 lighter.
So not worth it.....
I'll never order anything but a burger IF we decide to come back.

This is a great Chili's location.
yhe highest rating I could give any chili's is a three and they get it.
Hostesses, waitstaff and manager were extraordinarily committed to making sure they understood what we wanted and that it was perfectly executed.
It's worthy of recognition, so I wanted to share it.
A very well-run place!

I tend to review restaurants based on their category in my mind.
So, this is a 5 star experience at a chain restaurant.
I'm not overly generous with chains, but this Chili's is exceptional and should be recognized as being such!
This place clearly has great leadership.
From the hostesses to the server to the manager to the random server in the bar who yelled, "Have a great night, folks!
" as we were leaving... All seemed focused on making us feel welcome and making sure our food was prepared perfectly and our service was seamless.
Cleanliness matters to me.
This place was spotless from the bathrooms to the tables and booths to the menus, themselves.
Sometimes, the restaurants that sit along a stretch of an interstate can let things slide (knowing many patrons are just passing through anyway).
This place truly is run as if it is the neighborhood place that depends on return business for survival.
I gave them an extra star here just for being well-run and clean.
Grime distracts me from my meal, so it matters.
Our food was delicious, and we are on a strict diet protocol where we can't eat a lot.
We had a combo with steak and margherita chicken.
We swapped about the potatoes for more steamed broccoli and split the meal.
They didn't seem to mind us sharing, either.
The flavors were very good.
I like that they wait while you check your steak for correct doneness.
Mine wasn't and they whisked it away to fix it and then brought me back my side dish so I could eat with my dinner date.
The steak came back perfectly cooked, followed by the manager to check on us and apologize.
I eat at a lot of fancy-shmancy steak places in my work travels and have sat for 20 minutes or more watching others eat when the kitchen slips up and overcooks my steak and the snooty waiters begrudgingly take it back to the chef...  That always infuriates me.
This Chili's, of all places, has more hospitality intelligence than most high-end places.
Sometimes, it is what a restaurant does to fix their errors that gives a better indication of their commitment to you as a customer than you can learn from just eating a meal that goes without a hiccup.
Bottom line: If you are traveling on I-17 between Phoenix and Northern cities in Arizona, plan to stop and eat here.
You won't be sorry!

It's a beautiful Friday at 11:30 am and I decided to stop for a quick lunch with my very young daughter after feeding the ducks at the Anthem park.
We walked in and the hostess said it would be a 15 minute wait (I should have left) .
I looked and saw a bar booth open with a pile of glasses, napkins and plates so I asked if we could eat in the bar area.
She said sure, but it's going to take just as long to get food.
We sat down and after 10 minutes they finally cleared the table.
After what felt like eternity we got our food.
The table next to us waited even longer and they had to send their chicken sandwich back.
They are severely under staffed.
The two bartenders that were serving the bar section were very nice so it's not their fault.
This chilis is poorly managed.
The food is just okay and the staffing is terrible.
You are better off driving down to happy valley and eating at one of the great places there.

Very pleased with Chili's tonight.
The computer was down and unable to accept gift cards...I had a brand new $50 card in my pocket and was disappointed to not be able to use it.
The manager was very polite and exceeded my expectations after speaking to him!
Thank you for great customer service.
Food was good too!

