Amazing selection of flooring at VERY low prices.
This is a Home Depot size store with nothing but flooring.
Wood, tile, laminate, etc...
They also have lots of in-store examples to help inspire your project.
Great staff too.

Seriously great people who work here.
A HUUUUGGGE shout out to DAN who was the bomb!
We put travertine down in our casita bathroom ourselves and by giving us excellent advice and showing us great products, he saved us money.
DAN spent lots of time with us and seemed to be genuinely interested in giving us the best advice at the best prices.
They carry wonderful flooring at very affordable prices.
I don't understand how anyone could give this place anything less than 5 stars.
If you want great service, a giant selection of flooring (other than carpet..they don't have carpet.
), and modest prices, check this place out, you will be glad you did.

Great prices on tile and all the stuff that goes with it.
I wasn't wowed by the staff, but that seems to depend on who you get.
I was stunned by how large and broad their selection was, and the fact that they had it all right there.
When the time comes for the next project, we'll be going back.

1st - This place brought my cost on great floor tile materials down from $1.29 per sq ft down to $1.09 per sq ft.
I am very price sensitive on my projects and always trying to save as much as possible, so this would be a 5 star review for that.
However, there was something extraordinary that occurred at this store too.
It was customer service from an employee which border as an Interior Design Consultant, James.
Most of my project was decided.
However one part was not, a kitchen island, which would be the centerpiece for the entire home.
I wanted it to shine, but did NOT want to spend too much.
I spoke to James of Granite and Travertine and different possibilities.
James walked me around around the floor, checked back inventory and even called competitors to see what was available.
James got into my project with me and my concerns were became his concerns.
James was patient, as I go back and forth considering the myriad of materials before me.
In the end, James located what I wanted, a large 31''x18'' black granite tile.
There were only 8 tiles left.
2 were damaged.
I needed only 5 and James and Joe pretty much threw the damaged tiles in.
For a tile which normally goes for $46.46 each, ended up beieng about $20 each!
Although I haven't installed them yet, the tiles are better than I hoped to find.
Now I am certain my kitchen will pop, now that the right materials are being used.
So thank you James and manager, Joe for the help and Floor and Decor for offering wholesale prices to the public.
This kitchen is gonna be great!

Scott is the man!
After numerous visits to this store, he is the only employee that was actually helpful.
He really knows his stuff and really cares about educating the customers and making sure they get what they want.
Still, this store has so many choices it can be very overwhelming.
I highly recommend doing some research online first (remodeling our master bath is the first time I have really experienced pinterest to its fullest potential) to figure out what kind of look you want.
Then visit the store's website because you can more easily compare prices and sizes, etc on there.
Then take your measurements and head into the store with your list of options and make your final decisions and place your order.
The nice thing is that they will hold your stuff for up to two weeks after you pay for it so that you or your contractor can come pick it up later.
You can also return unused pieces up to 30 days.

We got our tile at this place.
500sq ft for about $700  including the grout and cement.
They have a variety of choices and good prices.
We're thinking of going back for some counter and island granite  Check it out for reference and to compare against other places you might be looking at.
One negative, is that we didn't have any actual consultants.
There were some helpful employees that directed us in the right place.
But when we were looking at grout choices we asked if it's better to go light or dark, and the response we got was "it's your choice".
DUH, of course it's our choice but we wanted some suggestions on what most people pick and considering they're the "experts" we wanted some good info to make our choice.
We went with a middle color, not too dark to make the floor look dirty, but not too light to where you can see it's dirty!!
Either way, we were satisfied with our pick and our purchase.
Too bad they don't sell carpet considering their name!

Tons of in stock tile and wood flooring at great prices.
And they do have at least one designer on hand at all times - so if you need help choosing/matching grout or tile or accents, just ask for the designer.
Donna is on most days.
And the others are just as helpful but I've forgot other designer names.
Look, I do have to warn you that you will be waiting in line foooorrrevvver.
I buy a lot of flooring here (we're remodelling homes), and the one thing I always ask for is a set of recliners at the check out to make the wait easier :).
They did say they are redoing the store and changing the check out, so maybe it will be getting better soon?
I gave it 5 stars despite the often long checkout wait because this place is cheap cheap cheap, with a wide selection and a ton of stuff in stock.
I just finished giving a terrible review to Lumber Liquidators, and every complaint I have about LL is probably because I'm used to the great policies and actions of the store and employees of Floor and Decor.
If you're looking for a really cool backsplash mosaic tile in glass or stone or a combination or even metal - they have it.
Tons of ceramic.
Tons of porcelain.
And plenty of travertine, marble, etc.
They even have a whole aisle now of wood-look tile, right between the tile section and the wood section.
That's really popular right now, and I appreciate they have such a wide selection.
Go there.

Donna was great.
Helped me visualize and organize my project.
Also was mindful of finding ways to cut my costs!

I am so glad I found this place through Yelp.
Thanks for all the reviews.
We are remodeling a new home we purchased.
After being disappointed with outrageous quotes from Lowes and Home Depot, we were so happy to find amazing deals on our marble and bamboo we ended up choosing for our project.
Big thanks to Joe, Jason, Robert, and the sweet lady at the register, (Hispanic/short white hair, Becca?).
Great prices and selections!
(We also visited the Glendale location where customer service left much to be desired....Tempe is a better store.
Even then, the product was available which was also convenient for us.
Hopefully, their customer service improve at the Glendale location).
FYI - We also tried Lumber Liquidators and they are way more expensive than Floor and Decor.
Their customer service is awful.

Pros: Large selection Cons: High prices, dusty & unorganized warehouse, matching tiles are impossible to find in different ends of the store, horrible customer service, vending machines don't work and management doesn't care on a 112F degree day

This store has everything you could possibly need for your remodel or project.
Prices are much less than other tile stores.
Wish I found this place sooner.

Heather the manager has been a dream to deal with.
Very attentive and very on top of her store.
She was great to deal with and helped me out with an extra piece of stair nose for my project when our estimate was off.
She allowed my project to finish on time and I would highly recommend her and her Tempe store to anyone that wants a great price for flooring and a great store manager to help finish the order.
Greg Field Tempe AZ

I ended up buying the tile and backsplash for my bathroom and kitchen here but what I initially came for was wood flooring.
I was so excited to find the perfect color at the perfect price but they were out of stock.
They need to label their products when they are out of stock.
When I came back to purchase tile the staff was less than helpful and I had to wait around for a while to place my order.
A few days after I purchased the tile, they called to tell me they sold me more tile than what they had in stock and I was due a refund.
However, when I went back to get my refund, no one knew what I was talking about and I was being treated like I had done something wrong, it was weird.
But the prices are good and my contractor says it's better quality than Home Depot.

The selection is amazing.
So much better than Home Depot.
Ask for Johnny Jlauzun.
He is awesome!!!!
Very helpful.
Johnny takes the time to help you find what you need.

Floor and Decor is not for the weak, nor undecisive.
But for those who knows what they want to get a small or medium flooring job done, this is the place.
Selection is way better than the big chain home improvement stores.
Contractors order up by the truck load.
TIP: Get about 15-20% more than the job requires.
Returns are easy and the staff is very helpful.

Went to this store on April 5th 2014, their prices are wonderful & the selection was incredible !
I rated the store with 3 stars because trying to find some help was miserable & when I finally found a sales person, he knew very little about the products, I had more questions but couldn't find another employee to talk to, when we decided to leave all of the sales staff was all gathered together talking to each other.
This store needs to have a staff meeting to train their employees how to deal with their customers & know the products !

The Walmart of Tile,  The Costco of trim.
A HUGE warehouse of every kind of tile you can imagine, and hundreds of matching trim and mosaic.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
I can not say enough good things about this company.
Avoid the snooty "designer stores unless money is no concern of yours.
Bring your own truck and take it home today.
(rent a flatbed truck at the Depot for Cheapo)

After an initial glitch with delivery (due to the manufacturer), we finally got the laminate floor we wanted for a great price.
After a few days of trying to install it ourselves, we went back t the store and they recommended we contact Dan from Dan's Hardwood Flooring.
Saturday we called Dan DeWeerdt from Dan's Hardwood Flooring.
He came by on Sunday to give an estimate, showed up at 730 this morning and they were done with 374 sf of floor and baseboard installation by noon.
Nice guys, and affordable.
Dan@danshardwoodflooring.com.

I went to all the big box stores as well as Lumber Liquidators before going to check out Floor and Decor which is a ways from me.
I have nothing negative to say and happy to detail my experience.
Looking for new flooring (laminate/wood flooring) after my house had a flood.
I did like a few ones from Home Depot...but by the time I got back those items were sold out (online as well).
Hard to believe but I guess I have great taste or something.
Decided to check out the "Walmart of flooring" and not disappointed.
Sure the staff seems to be like at Walmart which means they are nearly invisible if you want them to be but I was able to get help fairly quickly and kindly as well.
What gets them the four star review is that the wood flooring I wanted at their Tempe store was sold out (I bought all the remaining stock, about 20 boxes) but I needed twice that amount.
The service counter told me their Tucson store had some and I was told to call because their payment processing system does not allow you to pay over the phone.
That is why I give them 4 stars and not 5 because it would have avoided me having to call their 800 number to make an order only to be told to that that order would be from the Tucson store anyways.
Confusing and something they should fix.
One should be able to simple call any nearby store, prepay for the item and be able to pick it up.
This wasn't the case with them.
I was however very satisfied with their call center because the order was $100 or so above my daily credit card limit and I was unable to make the full payment when the shipping costs were added.
They kindly removed enough shipping costs that I could conclude the transaction and not only that but the call center customer service rep recognized me and made the process very easy when it could have been a major headache.
If they can fix their current payment process, they deserve five stars and you can't beat the options and the fact that this place covers all your flooring needs.

I love this store.
There is so much to choose from.
When I want a job done I look at what is on sale and there is usually something appealing and at a great price.
If I buy too much they take it back.
So grateful to see their displays for great ideas.

We have experienced very poor customer service here.
Due to this poor customer service nothing else has mattered.

The prices are low but if you look up "operational excellence" in the dictionary it will say "definition = not floor and decor".
This is the Frys electronics of flooring.
"If its in stock they've got it!
"  My goodness they can screw up post toasties.
I called to see if they had some more to finish off a job we were working on.
I had everything - SKU numbers, the bar codes same thing on the Tmoulding and quarter round.
I called first to ask if they could check on inventory before I got there so I did not waste time driving out for nothing.
I should have just driven there because they answered the phone and when I asked if they had it Jessica takes the numbers down and puts me on hold.
Well I could have driven because they put me on hold and...
I donno smoked a cigarette - went on break.. Im half way to the store by now and they say yes we have all of them.
In a normally well run place they type it in the computer and they can tell you in 1 min if they have it or not.
So she comes back on the line (on hold I get the how wonderful we are blather on hold one of the services is they will hold your order for pickup- now remember this for later).
I tell Jessica great - I need this much get it ready I will be there in 10 min.
Oh no no no... we cant do that.
Unless you have your credit card on file.
Well Jessica, I have bought from you before so look it up.
You will have to buy it... OK Jessica I want to buy it and Im on the way to pick it up.... no no we cant do that - for liability, your security, safety - to save the whales and dolphins whatever we just cant, dont wont...no no no..
So apparently common sense tips Jessica over so she transfers me to a manager - he tells me the same thing.
So I say OK whatever Im about to pull into the parking lot anyway now that we wasted all that time.
You guessed it I walk in and we start all over from square 1 - Jessica does not remember talking to me, nobody knows which manager I spoke with.
I give them the BAR CODES and SKU numbers from everything I want and the desk staff goes into brain freeze - well whats your phone number?
Really you cant tell me if you have stock on that stuff even though you just confirmed you did on the phone but of course if you had done what I suggested I would be paying for it now and on my way out the door... long story short I wasted 45 min with them running all over and getting this and that while being interrupted for one thing or another and finally got it paid for and on my way...
There was one box that looked damaged and it had been opened so I insisted that they replace it because I just did not want to deal with Bevis and Butt-head again.
Its a sweat shop to work at and I imagine some distant management has created some idiot rules that they have to follow (or hide behind) so as not to give good service - they might not be able to if they wanted to.
The prices are low but they make absolutely no sense and its inefficient beyond belief and chaos and disorganization galore.
This explains why there is a tile and flooring store on every street corner in the Phoenix area... its a hot mess but low prices.
Thankfully I dont have to shop for this stuff often or I would send someone else to arm wrestle with them.

