This place is a great diversion from the ho-hum subs and customer experience at Subway and Blimpie's.
If you absolutely love the Subway experience of getting sugar and sodium-laden "fake" bread choices and you require your food be measured in inches, go back to Subway and you'll be happy.
JM's is a fantastic customer experience, first of all.
The people working there actually engage you and ask things other than what you want on your sandwich.
You get the idea they are there because they buy into the business model, which is really cool.
Last time I was there, the manager was working the register and giving active feedback to the other people.
"Hey man!
You skimped on the oregano!
" Love it.
Yes, if you get it "Mike's way", it is covered in oil and vinegar.
It's an experience and a taste.
If you require assembly-line, dry, tasteless subs, again go to Subway.
There are plenty of great hot and cold subs on the menu, and a lot of them are healthy.
"Mike's way" is a decent way to having a filling lunch that doesn't overload you in calories and saturated fat.
Give it a try.
Chances are you'll not find yourself back at Subway any time soon.

Excellent service and the food is very good.
Good value with quality ingredients.

Lucky for me, this little gem of a sandwich shop is right next door to where I work.
They keep things fresh and simple, and I appreciate that!
A good value for your lunch dollar will always be found here.
Really nice staff too...

This is the best sub place in the valley.
Thinly sliced fresh meat and always fresh bread.
Not the cheapest but way worth the price!

This is the best sub place in the valley.
Thinly sliced fresh meat and always fresh bread.
Not the cheapest but way worth the price!

Better than SUBWAY, not as good as FIREHOUSE.
A little to pricey for what you get.

They have sweet peppers.
I LOVE SWEET PEPPERS!
Try them on your cheesesteak.
I like them on my cold italian sub.
Yum.

Doesn't get any better than this.
By far the best subs I have ever eaten.
We moved here last year and ran across them while exploring my new neighborhood.
Then I got a coupon and thought I would give them a try.
I love how fresh everything is, and the everyone I have encountered who works there is extremely nice.
I gave up eating at Subway after their endorsement of M. Vick for Sportman of the year so the only sub place I go to now is Jersey Mike's.

I love this place!
The meat is sliced thin and with "Mike's Way" it is just plain goodness.
The guys who work here are polite and really make you feel welcome.
Give it a try .
you'll never return to Subway.
Thank you Jersey MIke!

Best fast food sub place ever!
Everyone that works here is super friendly.
I love the club sub!
Ask for it Mike's way.
But no oil.
My only complaint, they put way waaaaaay to much oil on the subs!
But if you get them with out it they are Sooooooooooooo good!

This is a great sub shop.
You can get in and out fast even when it's super busy.
The bread is great.
Super selection of sandwiches.
Try the hot beef with peppers & chipotle or italian.
I agree with another reviewer, the staff is always friendly and welcoming.
A very pleasant place to stop.

Jersey's Mike's makes a good premium sandwich that for the most part is better then the rest.
A few nights ago, I found myself at Capriotti's waiting over twenty minutes for my sandwich to be made right.
You can read that review, but it made me think about all the different Cheese Steaks sandwiches in the area.
There are no Geno's or Pat's nearby that could take their crown; but I've always found Jersey Mike's and Corleone's on Northsight have done a better job then most.
And, I really don't mean that as a back handed complement.
This afternoon, I stopped by and ordered a 8" Big Kahuna Cheese Steak to see if my memory and/or my stomach was playing tricks on me.
And, for the most part, I would say that Jersey Mike's does a great job.
I paid $7.25 for the sandwich, and another $2.19 for chips and a drink.
The total came to $10.32, which is a full dollar cheaper then Capriotti's; and there I didn't get chips for my $11.53.
Now, granted their sub was 12" to Jersey Mike's 8", but Mike's was just as good!
Though admittedly I have a weakness for Capriotti's bread with their corn meal bottoms.
Not being from Philly and not wanting to tread on somebody else turf (and Cheese Whiz aside), but I'm going to give Jersey Mike's Four Stars to Capriotti's Three and half Stars.
Enjoy!
***Don't forget to ask for the "stamp card", so you can record your visit ***

Gotta say despite being a chain, this is great place!
Great bread, meat, peppers, clean, fast.
Pricey yes, but a good sub always is!

Over priced for just deli meat... alos took a long long long time to get food

Love Jersey Mike's Subs.
The staff is all super friendly.
Be sure to get your sub "Mike's Way"  which is no mayo or mustard - they use olive oil and a sweet red wine vinegar along with some oregano: it may sound strange but it is fabulous.
Each sub is custom made so they do back up when there are a few people.
It is also not the cheapest in town but, you aren't getting the Subway deli slices either.
You get fresh cut meat and it is very flavorful.
I think the "mini" is mis-named as it is plenty large for me.
Definitely a fan.

overpriced and just deli meat, nothing special

I consider Jersey Mike's one of the premium sub shops.
They are on the higher end of the price scale but their quality is the reason for that.
Their fixins and bread are always very fresh and they slice the meats & cheeses to order.
The employees are always friendly and chatty.
They have a loyalty card that lets you earn free sandwiches.
They have a few TV's that always have the games on.
Because of the pricing, I don't go here more than once a week because I can probably save $3 at Subway with a daily special.
It is a treat that I usually reserve for the weekend but we look forward to it because we like their sandwiches.
If I did not get the daily specials at Subway then this would be my workweek place too.

I really enjoy my sandwiches here.
The staff is always great and very friendly.
I like the philly hot sub!

Great customer service!
Pulled over near their parking lot with car trouble.
The owner came out and gave us a coupon for a free sandwich.
I didn't even know this place existed.
Glad the car broke down because we discovered that this place makes some super delicious subs and they have an extremely friendly staff.
I Will be coming back again.

Tasty, fast lunch option.
The staff at this location are always extremely friendly even if the line is out the door.
I do suggest you get here before 11:30am or after 1:00pm to avoid the crowds.
I always get the turkey and provolone on wheat Mike's way (without tomatoes).
They slice their meats fresh and they are generous with the toppings, but sometime add too much oil...so keep that in mind.
I think Jersey Mike's has become my favorite fast sub sandwich chain.
They may be a bit more pricey but they beat the snot out of Subway and Jimmy Johns when it comes to service and taste.
Happy Lunching!

I've now been here a couple times and have tried the Chicken Salsa wrap (which is disgusting, and shouldn't even be on the menu for being a boring item) and their Chipotle Cheese steak (which has been amazing at times and horrible at times).
The cookies they have however, have been phenomenal each time, though they definitely need to be bigger.
The staff has always been awesome.
All in all, I recommend this place, but there needs to be more consistency in taste.

This location has all of the usual elements: the service is great, the ingredients are very fresh, and the offerings are simple and tasty.
Jersey Mike's bread is my favorite sandwich bread in town (must be the result of my Philly roots).
Getting it Mike's Way really makes for a great sandwich, too:  it's a fantastic combination of lettuce, tomato, onion, red wine vingear (the more, the better!
), olive oil (I prefer just a splash), oregano and salt!
My husband and I usually split a Giant Veggie sandwich, which comes for two kinds of cheese and green peppers.
It's a pretty good deal (not priced like Subway, but doesn't taste like Subway, either).

Deeply disappointed.
Looked at the pics here and though of course it wouldn't be exactly like that, the large sub had a a tiny amount of turkey on it.
Didn't coverage the sandwich and could see right through the middle in spots.
I brought it up to the man making it and he just sort of smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
I'm giving two stars instead of one because it was very fresh with good ingredients having it Mike's Way.
Still with all the competition, I wont's be going back to be served with such meager portions..

