So we didn't actually use this guy because it turns out the shoe dye I went there to purchase isn't for dyeable shoes.
But that's okay, because they actually called around to find some for me!
That was awesome of them!

The owner really knows his stuff.
My whole family goes here and his work is superb.
But what's even neater is that his prices are very reasonable.
He's a personable guy.
It's like dealing with someone from the days when people trusted one another.
For example, I gathered up some shoe accessories to purchase (polish and shoe pad) and he told me I could just take them and pay later when I picked up the shoes that he was repairing for me.
It made me feel great.
I'm very happy that we have found Artisans Shoe and Leather Repair!

I call this very friendly business up explaining how my "leather" purse needs repair.
I bring it in after getting very detailed directions there to be told that its vinyl!
Plus not really worth fixing.
So he gave me a suggestion & directions to another store to buy a "real" leather purse!

Top notch shoe repair shop.
I had a pair of Magnanni's re-soled and re-heeled and they feel brand new.
Additionally, he totally cleaned up all of the little scuffs.
I had one small tear at a seam and now I can't tell that it ever existed.
Very well priced.

Like everyone else I give Artisans 5 stars!
Thanks fellow "Yelpers" for the recommendation!
I've been here three times now.
The first for a pair of sandals I tore, and the second and third time to stretch pairs of two-hour ("killer") heels I thought would break-in over time...HA!
I have several more visits to go to fix and polish what's left in my closet and now lament all the things given away that only needed polishing and stitching.
That's what happens when you don't know, but now I (you) do!
Great work, reasonable prices, a small business.
There's nothing not to like!

We were in town for a wedding when our daughter discovered the bottom of one of her heels was missing.
We found this place on yelp and it most definitely lived up to the 5 star rating.
Took shoes in am on Fri and he put a rush on them so she could wear them Sat afternoon.
She originally was going to wear rhem Fri night but switched her outfits (he said it would be tough but he would get it done for Fri night if we really needed them).
What service!!!!

I am working for a client here in the valley, originally from Texas and as a Texas man that means I've got boots.
My favorite pair is an older pair of Tony Lama boots that I inherited from my father.
Over the last few years they have been worn to the ground.
They need a solid buffing job and new heels.
Not knowing who in the valley was the best for this kind of job, I decided to check out yelp to see what others in the valley thought.
This place had all 5 star ratings so I figured even if he didn't do a 5 star job for me they would still be good.
I picked them up a week after dropping them off, since it is a small shop there was a bit of a wait but when I got them back they were as good as new.
His price was extremely reasonable.
Well deserved 5 star rating.

I have really large calves and was so excited to find a pair of boots that fit.
Except they didn't quite fit.
One I could barely get zipped up and the other one just wasn't going.
The guy who runs this place was fantastic.
He recommended a liquid that I used to stretch out the boot that was just too tight and he stretched out the other boot for me.
Since he only did one boot he only charged half the price!
When I got it back it fit perfectly.
Now I have an awesome sexy pair of knee high boots that I'm wearing all the time.
The service was friendly, fast, and knowledgeable.
He was also really cool about me not having cash when I showed up.
I know the Yelp guide says credit cards are accepted but that is wrong.
So don't forget to bring cash.
The prices are very reasonable.

So....
This is my first yelp review ever!
I went to Abe's shoe repair in Tempe this morning.
I purchased three pairs of shoes from Italy that were too big.
I wanted to get them to add a strip of leather at the back of the shoe so as to make them fit better.
Alas, It was not to be.
Whatever encompasses shoe repair in Abe's world, my request was clearly from another planetary system.
Next, we landed on planet Artisans.
(My wife suggested we try another place.
Luckily, we did.
) I met Steve.
He was knowledgable and willing to work on my dilemma.
I understand that my specific problem may be slightly different than normal shoe repair, but I was very happy to find that Artisans was willing to try to work on a custom solution to my problem.
If you need a high quality and versatile shoe repair place, drive to Chandler!

Brought five pairs of dress/work shoes in to be shined and cleaned up, the finished product was satisfactory.
Price was very competitive but it was cash only which wasn't very convenient.

