Watch out for a salesman named Val.
He totally tried to lie and sell us a whole bunch of stuff we didn't need.
We called over the manager who totally contradicted val.
Buyer beware!
Take your business elsewhere!

Well, I wasn't going there to buy a new phone or service.
I needed tech help with my internet stick because they only seem to last 3 months.
I was in and out within 10 minutes with a new stick .
Mine decided to stop working spontaneously.
I had a younger brown haired girl help me who was really nice and didn't try to BS me at all.

Came in about 20 minutes before closing, was then advised to come back tomorrow.
Came out of the way to get phone activated.
Told the sales person, guess you're going to stay late.
The sales person was not happy.
I get they're tired and ready to go home, but there is an expectation of service that they were not meeting.

ABSOLUTELY THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!
I understand that I came in 30 min prior to close but they just ignored while taking 2 other ppl before me!!
To think I'm gonna spend that much money for such crappy service u think not... Ppl just don't know I will write a complaint on the better business bureau website with the quickness!!!!
Actually 1 star is too much!

I spend so much time at verizon stores just trying to get a working phone.
Instead of a working phone that I pay 90.00 a month for, they just send me busted refurbished phones...why do I bother

I get here at 10am, but they still have the door locked.
Someone finally let me in, and I am told I have to wait.
No biggie, he says not more than about 5 minutes.
12 minutes later people who have arrived after me are being helped "because they had an appointment at 10" although it was crystal clear they arrived well after.
People with no appointment are being helped and I am STILL waiting.
You would think that wanting to come in and buy a phone would get people moving but not at this place.
Disgusting customer service!

I would like to say I was very impressed with the service I received when I went in to this store to get my iPhone fixed.
Although the store was packed when we got there the manager approached us right as we walked in the door and told us how many people were ahead of us and how long it would be.
They were very speedy at helping the 5 customers ahead of me and I only had to wait around 5 minutes when she gave me a 15 minute estimation.
My SIM card went bad in my phone and they replaced it at no cost.
As they were fixing my phone the employees engaged in conversation with me, making me feel very welcomed.
I must say that this was my first experience at a verizon store that I had an excellent experience!
I would recommend this location to any existing verizon customer!

