Good rates, staff is nice, easy in and out.

The place is a joke.
The cars are beat up.
I ordered a premium and they tried to put me in a pt cruiser.
O but they did offer a $5 discount....   WTF.
I ended up in a Durango with 90,000 miles with a radio that doesn't work.
A bad odor and a chiped windshield.
I went back the next day and got a Chrysler 3000.
With 66,000 miles and another chiped windshield ...
I argued with agent as he says it's full and gas gauge says 7/8 ....  At least the radio works, but once again a bad odor.

They tried to overcharge me by over $100 and the car was filthy and covered in dings.
My worst experience ever renting a car.

Payless?
I think that name is short for "Pay MORE for Less.
"  This was the worst car rental experience of my entire life.
I suppose the irate customer complaining of being overcharged and the staff members at another rental company's adjacent desk joking about ongoing issues with "Rent-A-Wreck" (aka Payless) should have been red flags.
But we had already made a reservation and thought we were getting a deal.
Oh, how wrong we were.
First of all, the price quoted to us magically increased by over 50%.
Turns out the "deal" we thought we were getting when we made the reservation was not a deal at all.
We would have paid at least $100 less going with one of the more well-known rental companies like Enterprise.
Secondly, upon arriving at our extremely expensive rental, we discover that this place truly is "Rent-A-Wreck.
"  The entire driver's side of the car was banged in and part of the fender was coming off.
The inside was stained, there were old french fries in the cup holder, and the steering wheel column was cracked.
Seriously?
We're paying good money to drive this piece of junk?
Then the very next evening we get in the car and it won't start.
We try jumping it, to no avail.
I call and call and finally get someone on the phone.
They offer to send someone to "give us a ride.
"  I inform them we need a working car, not just a ride.
At this point we are nearly an hour late for dinner with friends, so I tell them we'll call back first thing in the morning - at which point they inform me that I cannot "abandon the vehicle.
"  I tell them the vehicle is perfectly safe and put the mister on the phone with them to figure out what we can do in the morning.
The manager says we can call them first thing in the morning and they will bring us a new car and try to jump the old one.
No mention of this costing us anything.
Morning comes, and we get dropped off at the car and we call.
And call.
And call.
Finally, someone answers and says a manager will call us back in a minute.
40 minutes go by and no one has called, so we call back.
We get transferred to someone else.
Again we are promised that a manger will call us.
Another 30 minutes go by without a call.
We call back.
Yet again we are promised a call will be coming shortly.
I ask to speak with a manager but they won't transfer me, they just assure me I will receive a call.
20 minutes later we get a call saying that someone is coming and they are "just down the street".
Well, 45 minutes later, Todd the Manager finally shows up with a car and a truck.
The truck jumps the old car (it starts - apparently the battery will only start if you try jumping it with a large engine, which we didn't have access to), and they give us a new car to drive.
Todd tells us we have to sign a piece of paper agreeing to additional charges for the jump.
We refuse to sign, explaining that it's not our fault the car's battery is dead, we've already spent 18 hours without it, and we've been waiting outside for 2 hours for them to show up.
If anything, they owe US money.
Todd says he agrees and that we won't be charged the additional jump fee.
When we return the car, we are informed that we will be charged $79 in additional fees.
We tell the staff that Todd had assured us we would not be charged, and we did not sign anything agreeing to the additional charges.
The Payless staff sends us upstairs to speak with another manager, Kim.
Kim comes out and, without greeting us or asking any questions, immediately says that we were informed of the charges.
We tell her that actually, Todd agreed that we should not be charged additional fees, and we never signed the paper saying we agreed to the charge.
We waited for over 2 hours for any type of assistance, and it is not our fault that their car doesn't work.
Then she points her finger in our face and yells, "YOU are responsible for these charges and you were informed of this.
The car is running just fine now, you probably left the lights on.
This is YOUR responsibility and we are charging your card for this.
"    Um, wow.
Now, I am a polite and reasonable person, and this extends to my role as a customer.
I have never, ever been treated like this by a manager.
Forget trying to have any rational discussion with this lady.
I realized any further conversation was pointless, and was not going to stand there and be yelled at with a finger wagging in my face.
So I grabbed the mister's hand and we left.
On our way out, a customer waiting in line looked at me in shock and said, "Someone needs to report her.
"  Yes, someone does need to report her.
And the entire company, because they rent out junk cars, overcharge customers for them, and have horrendous customer service.
So we'll continue trying to resolve this, and in the meantime, warn folks about Payless.

Update to my Payless Car Rental ordeal:  I have written the company twice, it has been over a month, and I have not heard back - not even a standard, automatic email.
We disputed the extra charges, our credit card company investigated the matter, and Payless could not prove that we should be held responsible for the charges.
So at least we've recouped $79, thanks to our own efforts and those of our credit card company.
No thanks to Payless.

I'm on the verge of giving them a 1.
I booked it when I booked our flights to Phoenix, AZ  for our trip to Sedona.
It took forever for us to register and get our keys.
Then there were all these extra charges on top of the estimate Expedia gave us.
Anyways, so the dude at the counter told us the tank would be full and said we could buy a full tank of gas from them for much cheaper (LIES!
we saw gas priced lower around the airport!
) but we were like ok 2.89 sounds cheap comparing to california...  we got to the car, it's a nice brand new car (that's the only highlight) but the gas was less than half full (a bit more than 1/4, i think on the sheet it's checked at 3/8...WTF) so since it's marked at the right amount on the registration sheet, we just went with it...though it's inconvenient since we had to fill it up on our way to Sedona...
Upon return we went to talk to the manager about refunding us the full tank of gas we paid and we got the amount back.
we filled the gas back up to about 1/4...  so ok get this, the manager was like, we had 3/8 tank of gas when you guys took the car, you only filled it up 1/4, but we'll let you have it...OMG WTF SERIOUSLY?!
you are SOOOO FRIGGIN GENEROUS to let us have 1/8 tank of gas FOR FREE!
NEVER.
USING.
THEIR.
SERVICE.
EVER.
AGAIN!

I am a regular Hertz customer, so to try another rental car company is a rare occurrence.
However, for my most recent trip to Scottsdale, AZ I went with Payless.
Why?
Because Hertz wanted $180 for a 1 day rental and Payless gave me a rate of $29!
Seriously!
My expectations were very low as I've rented from Payless before and wasn't too impressed.
I booked my reservation online via Expedia.
I took the airport shuttle from baggage claim to the car rental center which is a couple of miles away from the airport.
It was easy to find Payless, they're located at the middle-left side of the rental center sharing a space with Fox Rent a Car.
When I arrived, there was 1 person in line at Payless and 20 people in line at Fox....I think the people at Fox were jealous of how quickly we were able to get assistance...ha!
The check-in process was pretty fast, but it was a little frustrating having to give all of my information again....I guess their reservation system is not interfaced with Expedia because they didn't have any of my personal info and had to manually input it.
After a short wait, I was given my contract and told to take the escalator down to the 1st floor where the Payless cars were located.
When I got to the 1st floor I went to the car rental desk which had 5 employees and 1 customer at the counter.
1 employee was helping the customer while the other 4 employees had a conversation that was too important to breakup and come help me.
After a "are you going to f_cking help me?
" look from me to one of them they broke it up and came over to assist.
They gave me the keys to my car, a Honda Civic, and I went on my way.
The car was really nice and drove well.
It had a lot of power and room despite being a compact car.
Easily the best compact rental car I've driven.
Overall Value - I definitely got my money's worth here.
Will I return?
If they beat Hertz's rates by a wide margin like this trip, yes.....otherwise I'll stick with Hertz and their Gold Club customer service.

Horrible experience.
Long waits at the counter, and over charged.
Do not be enticed by the cheaper rates.
You will only end up angry and frustrated.

Beware.
Cheap rates might seem enticing but you might end up paying more in the long run.
I rented a car here and requested an economy car for gas mileage (Had to drive over 400 miles) and specifically requested a "Ford Focus or similar" for their 35 mpg.
Got there after my flight - long line with one attendant.
after waiting over 25 minutes in line, they told me that they didn't have my car but were going to "upgrade" me to their SUV.
I refused and asked if they had any other cars in nearby locations and they said no, but come back tomorrow.
I went back the next day and they said sorry we still don't have your car for you.
So they forgot to add "you might get lucky" when they told me to come back tomorrow.
I assumed that they told me to "come back tomorrow" because they would have resolved the error.
Not "come back tomorrow" so that we can tell you NO again.
So I got stuck with a 17 mpg gas guzzler.
After spending $70 more in gas that I should have, I complained to the counter and requested a discount since their error caused me to spend more money on gas.
Not only was the manager unaccomodating, she was very rude and patronizing and said you should have come back so we could fix it.
I told her I did, and she continued to tell me that it was NOT their error and then act as though she never made the suggestion that i should have "come back tomorrow".
Never, ever again.
Payless.
I should have known better to begin with.

First off,  DO NOT RENT FROM PAYLESS UNLESS YOU ARE A LAWYER AND ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD COMPANY TO SUE.
Just to start I have rented at least 50 cars and have never gotten the extra insurance offered by a rental agency.
At Payless the agent asked me if  I wanted the extra insurance.
I had two quotes from Orbitz and Autoslash for approx.
$157 for a five day rental.
I spent hours looking for good deals because Phoenix is known as an expensive place to rent cars especially because of airport and state taxes and fees.
Anyway, the agent told me that my rate was $164 which is not much more than the $157 but I showed her my quote on Orbitz and she stated "that is just an estimate".
No big deal but now I am starting to feel like this is where they start pulling a few extra dollars out of you.
She directs me to put my initials on about five different places on the contract and at this point I tune out.
Usually they want me to initial noting that I have declined the extra insurance (collision damage waiver) which was $26/day on top of the rental base rate of $18/day.
Long story short.
I return the car.
By the way the guy at the counter is hanging around and asks me for the keys and contract.
Usually at returns someone meets you as you pull in to check the mileage and give you a receipt.
Then I see a receipt and charges for $334!!
I was floored and angered.
I spoke to the agent upstairs at the counter and he said he couldn't help and to call after 8am.
I spoke to the manager and she said I signed the contract and initialed that I had agreed to the coverage.
How am I responsible.
Ok, in retrospect I could have looked everything over before I initialled anything and before I signed anything.
To my everlasting chagrin my verbal statement that I did not want the extra insurance was not enough to spare me from their heavy handed "upselling" of the added insurance.
Further, when I complained that they were charging me $164 instead of $157 I made an assumption that I was only going to have to pay $164 not $334 which she never stated to me.
What have  I learned?
Never rent from Payless again.
I don't want to spend my whole life having to read all the fine print on every rental contract when all I want to do is get my car and get to bed.
What galls me so much is that I used a website (autoslash) which will reserve a car for you and then check the prices and will rebook your car if the prices go down.
I spent at least an hour maybe more reserving the best priced car rentals for my recent trip to Phoenix and Dallas and now I feel like a fool for having spent so much time trying to get a good deal only to get hosed by Payless b/c they juiced my contract with this insurance.
My question is whether the sales agents make a commission or receive some bonus or incentive for selling the added insurance?
Sometimes, (as in this case) they sell this hard saying that your credit card doesn't really cover very much if you do have damage to the vehicle etc.

If there is 0 star rating on Yelp, I would have given them that.
I made my reservation on Expedia to Phoenix for vacation and had reserved a standard size car for $280 for 10 days.
Sounds like a great deal.
The standard size was equivalent to a Ford Fusion.
When I got to the airport to pick up the car, they told me at the counter that they don't have one available.
So, they asked me to upgrade to a full size car or I can get a Nissan Sentra or Corolla.
The guy behind the counter sounded so convincing that I had to upgrade or the smaller car would not fit all my luggage and passengers.
They had told me that I should upgrade to a Toyota Camry for $200 more for the entire duration.
At that point, I had no choice since we have 4 adults and a child seat.
I took the car without thinking further.
After I left the airport, I realized that they were asking me to pay my $280 for a smaller car even though I reserved for a standard size.
I tried to call them but could not get anyone but a voicemail.
I took the car back to after a few hours, returned the car, paid for the 1 day rental and walked over to Hertz and rented another car.
I will never do business with this company ever again simply because they are not honest, do not honor their reservation and they tried to trick their customers into paying more.
I noticed on the invoice that the business is a franchise.
Payless Corporate needs to step up and monitor their franchisee or they will continue to get bad reviews.
I posted a comment on their Facebook fan page and got a response from them.
They did credit me back my one day car rental.
If you are going to do business with them, beware of what they are trying to sell you.
In the end, I paid the same amount I would have with Payless ($280 + $200) but I chose to do business with Hertz.
They are more honest and accommodate to our needs.

Unbelievable experience!!!
First, my mistake for wanting the cheap way out on a rental labour day weekend is really not a great time to rent in short notice of time so I thought hmmm maybe I should give it a try since I hate to judge on a name basis!!!
SIIIKKKKKEEEE!
maybe I should've!!!
#2 mistake is to further pursue my rental when the payless staff was questioning if my younger brother was with me, like what does that have to do with anything?
#3 mistake was to remain understanding as he had a full Las Vegas conversation with the secuirty guard that came to him asking for a phone charger and we stood there for 5 minutes while they went on and on about Vegas and who was going to go, WTH?!
Customer service is definitely not their highest point, instead of checking with us on the whole transaction if we decided to have these extra charges charged on my credit card, it was decided by him to chat with the security guy and ignore us until all the charges were swiped................swiped, SWIPED, did I say swiped?
Yes, Swiped for authorization before I acknowledged or given notice for permission.
That is when I had enough!!!!
I asked for his name, his supervisor's ph number, customer service phone number and left to give ALAMO my business which was a steal!!!!
NEVER EVER EVER will this mistake be made, it is unfortunate that this experience gave no possibility to any other "unknown brand" car rental a flying chance with me SAD!!!
and good riddens!!!
If you insist on using this particular branch DO NOT SAY YOU HAVE NOT BE WARNED!!!

Where to begin...
I went looking for a more reasonable rental because if I had rented from my usual Avis or Hertz or Budget, I would have paid close to $400 for the week because of the PHX "airport fees and taxes).
I got a intermediate size car (Nissan Sentra) for a little over $200 for the week including the taxes (which were more than the cost of the car rental).
There were three people in line in front of me.
As I was waiting to get the rental, I listened to what the agent was telling the customer in front of me about the CDW, etc...
I realized then they're going to try and tack on all the extra charges so they can make more money off the "cheap" rental.
It was taking so long to get the paperwork done because they're trying to upsell all these extras.
Finally when it came my turn (about 20 minutes or so later), first thing he asked was whether or not I'd like an upgrade as they're running a "special" that week.
How much?
Regular $250 extra but the special is $10/day.
I passed.
Next came the spews about the CDW and how it's important that I get it and yada, yada, yada.
Nope... don't want it.
My CC covers it since I pay a fee to my CC for each rental ($25/rental) to become the primary insurance carrier.
They tried to downplay that and say some bad things but I wasn't listening and declined the CDW.
Next, the agent said "you want the liability right?
"  I said "negative" to make it clear that I didn't want it.
Of course I'm going to be liable, yada yada, yada...  Fuel option?
$3/gallon.
Nope, I'll fill up the car before I return.
We're going to charge you $7/gal if we have to fill it.
Fine...
I'll fill the tank.
At this point, I finally got the car and had to initial a whole bunch of stuff that I normally don't sign for when I rent from the other companies.
And.. because I didn't add on anything to the initial contract (& quote), the agent changed from a "friendly" guy to someone who I must have pis*ed on.
The car was clean but I made sure that if there were any dings, it was noted on the inspection form.
Would I rent from them again?
I'm going to have to think long and hard as the experience was not worth it.
I'm giving them two stars only because of the great rate I got and the car was new and clean.

This rental company is the worst I have seen, with very, VERY questionable business practices, and no ethical code.
After this review, I will be working to report them to the Better Business Bureau.
They lure you in with cheap day rates.
We confirmed three times that we were declining the insurance costs, and the salesman noted his experience, and told us to initial certain lines.
Upon returning the car, despite declining insurance they had in fact still added it and charge a ridiculous rate.
Upon speaking to a manager, there was no acknowledgment of the fact that it was her employee's fault and she then proceeded to say we could receive a portion of the full cost back, but no more.
At the exact time we were waiting (thankfully we gave ourselves more than 2 hours arrival time at the airport) another woman was having the same argument with the other sales person.
She however, didn't have the extra time, and ended up having to catch her flight.
This is a scam company, and should not be used by anyone.
I wish I could give a lower rating than a 1.

SCAMMERS, SCAMMERS, SCAMMERS!!!!!
I could not believe my eyes when I looked at my rental agreement shortly after picking up my vehicle.
I booked $11.50/day, for 4 days, and my agreement totals almost $500.
Are you kidding me?
After declining all their "special" upgrades for 5 wasted minutes and declining all the insurance, they still charged me for a complete insurance package.
I was on my way to an appointment in Flagstaff so I couldn't go back to have them correct this major error.
I call them, handsfree of course, while on the road to my appt and leave a message.
Two hours later,  get another chance to call again to leave another message.
After my appointment, I called the 800 reservations line and had them transfer me.
I spoke to a manager and explained I was inadvertently charged for the insurance.
I explained that I was in a hurry and thought the agent asked if I had insurance, not do I want insurance.
They told me I had to go back to the location but I was already hours away and they have no other locations in AZ.
There was no other way to reverse this...period.
I tried to argue my case as it was a miscommunication but they would not budge.
I will NEVER, EVER, EVER rent from a gosh darn Payless location EVER again.

Please please please read the other reviews.
Made reservation two weeks in advance.
When we arrived at the counter we were greeted by a gangsta-wannabe agent slumped in a chair.
First he couldn't locate our reservation.
When he found it he says "did you bring your utility bill?
" What?
He says that we should have read the website .
The entire website?
"No you just have to click on terms and conditions and read through the ones for this location" At this point we just laughed and walked away.
Went next door and paid 25 bucks more.
Well worth it to not have to listen to a mumble-mouth agent whose only job appears to be looking like he's sitting in a lounge chair getting customers out of his hair.

AVOID AT ALL COSTS  Like many previous reviewers, I chose payless thanks to the low daily car rental prices.
I was flying into Phoenix, and my reservation was for an economy car, 5 days, $114 total.
The agent at the counter, Anthony, was rude, pushy and he was especially cocky when he informed me it didn't matter whether or not I decided to get the "regular person" insurance, he had already run a $250 hold on my card.
When going through the contract, he would say things like "Ticket, Mexico, Gas, OK?
" to describe the very specific stipulations on the contract, and when I asked what "ticket-Mexico-gas" meant, I was answered with a dramatic eye roll and a slower read of the contract rather than simply handing it to me to read.
When I was asked if I wanted to purchase the full-coverage insurance through them or just "cover damages like most people" I told him I would not be needing their insurance.
His response was "like most people right?
" Imagine my surprise when the contract (and amount charged to my card for the entire week) included a $26/day insurance fee.
When I adamantly declined insurance, again, offering to sign the typical waiver at most companies accepting full responsibility for any damages, I was grilled on where I was staying, what I was doing in AZ, who my employer was and how much was in my bank account.
It was ludicrous.
Ultimately, I had a $536 charge sitting on my credit card for a full week, and although the $250 will be returned quickly, it will be another 5 days before the $172 insurance over-charge is returned.
My only regret is that at 1am I did not have the state of mind to walk away from the counter, and go directly over to one of the other car rental places.
Even at $5-$10/day more, the experience would have been infinitely better.
The only tiny bright spot was the agent named Lihmi who checked the car back in at the end of the rental period.
He was friendly and knowledgeable, and was helpful in explaining when my money would be returned.
If you are flying into Sky Harbor, choose any other car rental company!!

What can I say... Service does not exist here.
Spend a few more bucks and go with a more reputable provider...
It's worth it.
The person who accepted my car return made me feel he was doing me a major favor coming over to take my car.
No greeting whatsoever...   With their cheap trick and scare tactic to get you to buy collision coverage, you are better off going with Avis (on the same floor) that offers way better service and end up paying less.

Should've read these other reviews: DO NOT RENT FROM THIS PAYLESS IN PHOENIX UNLESS YOU ARE A TOTAL IDOT - YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
Not just lousy, but non-existent customer service; pushy, deceptive used-car-salesman approach while signing their ppwk so we can rent our internet-reserved car; crummy vehicle long past it's usable rental period by any other car rental company standard - overall, a poor value compounded by lousy service and an overall p-poor experience - never using this Payless again.

Beware!
I made a reservation 3 wks in advance.
When I showed up at the counter at PHX , the rep informed me there were no cars available and to check back in 3 hours.
This was at 9.00pm at night.
It was unlikely that any cars would be available at Midnight, so I went across to Avis--the rep there offered me a corp. rate (which was stil a little high) -- but at least Avis offered service, unlike this outfit.
Avoid Payless (aka,CARELESS) at all costs!

Completely not worth the few dollars you may save.
Non-professional,  hidden fees and shifty business practices.
Skip it!

OK, I was pretty surprised to see those added fees for renting a b vehicle in Phoenix.. crazy, economy car $38 a day, fees added another $70 or so..
I will say the rental was the lowest among the more well known rental companies..
I rented online.
When I get to the counter, the agent tells me that there is an additional $350 hold on my credit card for up to 14  days "Just sign this"...
I am like, "can I read this.."  very pushy.. if I knew that I would not have rented with them, no notice of that procedure when renting online...then I ask for a map, "Do you want the $5 map or the $10 map"  huh???
"oh here you can have this one for free"... little counter agent humor, but maybe some people pay it,, who knows.
No discussion about the gas policy, I forgot to ask, you know, prepay or bring it back empty, etc.. After I read the contract I just filled it..then I then go to the car, not washed, the dash with speedometer looks like someone spilled a coke, all foggy and hazy..
I go back to counter to ask for some windex to wipe it off.. different agent says.."oh that is just the Nissan Sentra, in cleaning the dash that happened"  so much for buying a Sentra..
I would avoid these guys..

My penance for not using Kayak or reviews on Google for picking a rental company was to rent from this establishment.
Short Version:  Suck it up, pay a little extra and rent from one of the major Car Rental Companies.
Don't Rent from Payless.
Long Version:  What a horrible racket - from telling us just before we were driving away that we were given the wrong car and that we had to switch to a different car to indicating the wrong drop off time on the contract.
After about 30 minutes in waiting in line and dealing with the staff, I was finally able to leave and arrive late at my important meeting (ok, it was a Spring Training Baseball game, but it was the last home game of the season for the A's!).
The upshot (and downside) of this experience was that as my girlfriend and I were cleaning out the car for the return, we realized that someone had left an extra set of keys from another car with us.
I am sure that resulted in another disgruntled renter who waited while the staff looked for the keys to their car.
Upon returning the car, the staff seemed as disorganized as they were when we dropped it off even though the crew was different.
We were also told that even though the car was returned a couple of hours after the original return time, we would be charged for an entire day.
The only way to appeal was to talk to a manager who didn't appear in 20 minutes (I think he didn't exist) and then we had to leave to catch our flight.
There is something wrong with the management culture of this rental organization.
Stay Away!

WTF!!!!!
It's my bad.....I should have Yelped it first!
What a rip off!!.
I get to the counter and Abdul K. ( that's what was on his name tag) said my reservation was for 9am.....not 9pm.
Really Abdul??
Here's my copy of the reservation and it says nothing about it!
!...but ok!!
I'm a reasonable person....do you have a car available??
No??
Oh wait.... For $20 more per day you do??
Really??
Can I speak with the Manager??
Oh....you don't say??
You'll call down and see if one was returned??
( when I walked down stairs....there looked to be 50 full size cars in their lot)  It wasn't the fact the 5 employees were standing around talking what sounded like farci....
It wasn't that one was singing so loud old Abdul said he thought he was on American Idol.....it was the overall sleazy, third world treatment you get from this company that made me feel like I was back in Pakistan instead of Phoenix!!
Like others have said...I'll pay the extra and rent from Avis or Hertz next time.
And to my friend Abdul: FU!!
I hope our government revokes your visa and sends your ass packing......then we'll see how well you do ripping people off in Alpacistan!!
You schmuck!
(you can see by my other post that I'm very fair and hand out 5 stars to anybody that breathes!!
Really folks...stay the hell away from this place!!

They are worst than crooks stealing from your pocket.
The old bait and switch tactic is used by giving you two options, both you have to pay for and leaving out the third option of "no cost" out.
Using phrases like, "would you like the liability insurance, or the Premium insurance?
", never telling you that there is a cost with liability insurance and never offering no insurance and use your own.
Ordering the Hyundai Sonata and saying that I should take the hybrid Hyundai Sonata, but not stating that there is an additional cost, hidden junk fees, manager won't come out to speak with you, no return phone calls from management....I could go on and on.
The most important point I have to make is simply; don't ever rent from this company!!!

This is a letter I wrote today to Payless: I rented a Payless car online through Southwest Airlines from 22 June to 24 June, from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.
The price on my reservation confirmation was $118, (plus change), which included estimated fees and taxes for a full size car.
The car was to be a "Ford Crown Victoria or similar.
"  When I arrived in Phoenix, I was told you have no such cars.
I was given a Mitsubishi Galant.
I opted for the service of fuel "fill up" at $3.15 per gallon.
When I signed the contract, the "total estimated charges" where $190.
I   When I returned the car, I had used approx.
2/3 of the fuel tank capacity.
I was told the total for the rental was the $190.
I told the counter person this cost was for a full tank of fuel and there was still approx.
1/3 of a tank left.
He told me I signed for the price of a full tank, (17.7 gallons), regardless of how much fuel was left.
I disputed this and told him I was told when I signed the contract, I was to be billed for a "fill up.
"  He insisted I was to be charged for a full tank.
After leaving the return area I noticed on the invoice the city sales tax, vehicle license fee, Arizona sales tax and surcharge had been adjusted and raised due to the price of the fuel.
The fuel has already been taxed at the pump.
One cannot place a tax, fee or surcharge on something when it has already been charged.
I am willing to pay the $118, (plus change), of the original rental.
I addition, I am willing to pay the $3.15 per gallon of fuel for however much fuel it took to "fill up" the tank, probably in the area of 12 gallons, and nothing more.
This would bring the total to approx.
$156.
If you insist on the entire $190, or if you do not contact me, I will have no other option then to disputed the charge with my credit card company, contact the Better Business Bureau and contact the Arizona State Attorney General's Office.

I will not ever be trying to rent a car here again.
Notes to instate car renters:  1.
They will not accept your driver's license unless it has the most current address printed out on your license.
PROBLEM:  By law, you are required to notify the MVD of a move within 10 days.
They do NOT send you another license with the new address.
You can order one, however, there is a fee for it.
And why bother when it's not the address that links you back, it's the DRIVERS LICENSE NUMBER.
They will also require a hard copy of a utility bill.
They will not accept anything else, no electronic copy, but a hard copy.
WTF?
Have your most current insurance card on you before you rent.
My mistake for leaving it in my car at home and having the previous quarter's proof in my wallet.
They would not allow me to have one emailed directly to them.
Nor would they let me print one out for proof.
They put a block on your credit card or debit card for $350 and takes up to 14 days before they will release it.
When I asked what were my options as I was limited on time and did not have means of transportation to get the proof they required (which I have never been asked for at other car rentals), they said I didn't have any.
I would need to go somewhere else.
FYI - I also mentioned to the CSRs behind the counter to read the reviews on Yelp as some of them are specifically mentioned by name.
Guess what?
What those others wrote about them?
SO TRUE!!!

When I arrived at the desk, I was told that because I booked my rental in Washington DC, the computer changed the pick up time from 9am to noon.
(that makes a lot of sense...)  The car (and price) I reserved would not be available until noon.
If I wanted a car at 9am, I could get one for an additional $250 over the rate reserved online.
The dude was pretty shady and I declined.
Luckily, my reservation was not guaranteed with a credit card, so I walked over to Dollar and got a better car for $150 less than the price I reserved online-- Total of about $350 less than what the Payless guy wanted to charge me.
The whole experience with payless was beyond sketchy.
The rental guy looked like a meth addict.
His whole face was a giant scab/brush burn.
I made a comment about how it must have hurt and he said that it was a "pool accident".
I can only imagine... Like I said, SKETCHY!
I will never try to rent from them again and I would advise others to stay far far away!

This is how to find Vice Presidents and Higher Ups if you have a complaint on this company:   1.
Go to Linked In and the Search Box simply type Payless Car Rental and all of the highest level people will appear.
Connect with them or send them an inmail.
NO STARS!!!!
IF YOU HAVE A MORTAL ENEMY SEND THEM HERE!!!
I am not used to reviewing anything; so imagine how motivated I am to tell you about this horror story.
But where to begin?
First, the website estimated a three day rental of a compact car at $75 but when we got to their office at the airport it went up to $250!!!
What type of estimate is that?
A crooked one.
And mind you this was without the stupid insurance and all other things they wanted us to pay.
Then, when we went in Sedona a red oil light went off which shortened our trip and which after hours of waiting on the phone they told us is simply a mistake.
WORSE YET, THE ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE HAD AN ANSWERING MACHINE SAYING THAT THERE WAS NO ONE AVAILABLE AND TO PLEASE LEAVE A MESSAGE.
Furthermore, they added fuel without asking us and were pushing us to get a SUV because it was a better drive when going to Sedona, AR and it was better gas mileage.
This whole company including the immoral, bottom feeder customer service must be reviewed by some type of regulatory body.
If I had an attorney I would have sued the whole out of damn for fraud.
This is really what Payless Rental is: A FREAKING FRAUD MACHINE THAT ENDLESSLY LOOKS TO MAKE A BUCK AT THE EXPENSE OF LYING AND MANIPULATING.
ITS EMPLOYEES OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED THAT THEIR FAMILIES KNOW THAT THEY WORK THERE.
I REALLY HOPE THAT YOU ALL END UP OUT OF BUSINESS.
YOU LOUSE.

Let's be clear that if I could give zero stars, I would.
I originally booked a reservation because it was the least expensive.
When I arrived, I was told that I MUST purchase the full coverage insurance at an additional $25 a day.
Of course, I said I didn't think that was right based on many previous rentals albeit not with Payless and the advice of my car insurance company.
After going back and forth for a few minutes, I was then told that, at a minimum, I MUST purchase the liability insurance at $13 a day.
Again, I disagreed.
The final straw was when the agent said, you can just buy the liability but only if you can show proof of full coverage insurance AND a utility bill.
a utility bill????
Who carries around a utility bill??
I passed on this rental, and went over to Budget rental and had no issue.
Lies upon shady lies at Payless.
Good luck to unsuspecting people like the family next to me that was also being swindled.

How could I have been SO STUPID and not checked the prior reviews??!!
Basically my experience was a slightly different version of most of the other reviews.
Horrible, rip-off, rude, scheming, manipulative, etc etc.
So - I'm not going to repeat.
But, I do have a message for the owners.
Hey Mr/Ms Owner.
You have 18 reviews (now 19 including mine) that are ONE STAR.
And, this is because most of us wanted to give you ZERO stars but Yelp doesn't allow that.
I run a business also that gets Yelp reviews and I can tell you it would be VERY VERY VERY VERY hard to rack up 19 one star reviews in a row without REALLY TRYING hard to piss everyone off.
In order to do this I think you'd probably have to hold a meeting before every staff shift and get everyone revved up to really make people mad.
You'd have to be THAT intentional about it.
Or...you just don't care.
Or worse (maybe...I don't know what could be worse than not caring)...maybe it's actually your business model and this really is how you've decided to run your business.
In this case, a big FU to you.
Life is difficult enough without businesses scheming to make it a little more miserable.
DO NOT RENT A CAR FROM PAYLESS - NO MATTER HOW CHEAP IT SEEMS - DO NOT RENT A CAR FROM PAYLESS - YOU WILL BE SORRY.
TRUST THE REVIEWS AND STAY AWAY!!!

Wow... well, at least I know I'm not alone!
Do yourself a favor and don't even think about renting from here to save a couple of bucks.
It just ain't worth it.
Like lots of other Yelpers here, I was on the receiving end of what I would call a pretty aggressive upselling attempt.
But I successfully resisted!
I was quoted $67 for a 2-day rental and damn it, that's what I was gonna pay.
Dodging that bullet, I was then handed a piece of paper that informed me Payless would take a $350 security deposit from my credit card, which might not be credited back to me for as long as 2 weeks!
I don't ever recall having to make such a large-- and prolonged-- rental car deposit.
So I asked to speak to the manager.
Laura Yeo was professional but cold and unflinching when I asked for an explanation and a fair shake.
She said the best she could do was a $250 deposit.
Hell no.
I stormed off and watched as agents tried to sucker other unwitting customers into buying all sorts of add-ons that make a cheap car rental place uncompetitive with the better-known brands.
I walked over to Avis.
No line, awesome service and I got upgraded to a Prius for no additional charge.
In the end, my 2-day rental ended up costing just a little more than if I would have gone with Payless and fallen for their hard-sell swindly add-ons.
Like I said, do yourself a favor and give this piss-poor place a wide berth.

If it was possible to give zero stars for this establishment, I would.
DO NOT rent from these people.
I regret it!
Pay the few extra dollars for a reputable company.
First of all, the man that helped me at the counter was unfriendly and rude.
Whatever.
I can get past.
What I can't get past is the fact that my mom, counsin and could have died on our way back from the hotel to our resort in the completely unsuitable car that was rented to us.
Have you ever been in a rental car with over 50K miles on it?
Payless rented me a car with 50K miles on it.
That should have been the first clue.
But on a quick inspection of the car nothing seemed amiss.
As we're driving and hit about 65 mph the steering wheel starts shaking.
Not a good sign.
As we aproach the resort I hear a noise.
Like the tread is coming off the front right tire.
Luckily we make it to the parking lot and upon further inspection of the tires notice they're bald with obvious bubbles in two of them.
We almost had a blow out.
Holy crap.
I had to call and call and call until I could get a human being on the phone.
I tried every extension because leaving a message with a "we'll try and call you back" on the voicemail is not very comforting.
Finally after explaining to "Emily" that I could have died, she was able to talk to a manager.
They asked if I inspected the car.
I said I had for cosmetic damages, but I would assume that a rental car company would have adequate tires on their vehicles and that wouldn't be something I should have to look for.
They asked when I was bringing the car back.
"Um.
I'm not driving that car out of the parking lot.
"  They sent two of their mechanics over later that afternoon.
I guess I shouldn't have been surprised, but they made one of these poor guys drive that car back to the airport.
I showed him the tires and he said, "They actually rented this car to you?
"  I told him good luck and I hope he doesn't die.
Now I just have to stalk my credit card statements and make sure they really did refund all my money or I will be their worst nightmare.
Paymore people.
Not less.

Would give 0 stars if I could.
I should have walked away from the counter, but unfortunately I didn't and ended up paying a few hundreds dollars more than the price quote and reservation I made on their website.
I would never rent from this company again.
They're sleazy and their sales man was extremely pushy with all the options, and even charged me for things without asking if I wanted them (like roadside assistance).
I strongly encourage you to go with another company.
I usually go with National but tried Payless in an attempt to save money.
Bad decision.
Payless is Paymore, and my experiences with National have been leaps and bounds better in every case than with Payless.
Go with whoever you want, just not Payless.

Never again - AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!
- Ran out of compact cars  - Policy is for customer to wait for the car same class car, or pay for an upgrade - 3 lines just to fill out paperwork, pick up keys & body condition paperwork, turn in paperwork - Gas was so empty the alarms were going off in the car, yet the paperwork marked it full.
- A line to return the car.
They don't have the technology to give you a receipt at the car.
Bottom line - I thought I saved a couple of bucks, but paid more for the car, and paid more because I had to put gas in the car (not just what I used from the full mark).
Their excuse - We are just a small company (and destined to stay so)!

Don't even bother.
I am an avid Yelper and I should have checked the reviews on the various companies at the airport.
I booked a car online for 5 days.
i am a local and needed it until I could fly out to meet my family (they drove out of state with my vehicle for a trip).
I got an awesome rate online and we had to drop off my girlfriend's rental at the airport so it was convenient.
It was later in the evening and they only had one person working.
It took forever to get to the counter because that guy was trying to upsell the people in front of me on everything.
Finally another person came to the counter to help with the growing line.
So apparently you need proof of insurance and a utility bill if you are a local renter.
Are you kidding me?
I have never had a rental car agency require that.
It wouldn't have even been a big deal if it had been mentioned with the confirmation that I received in my email.
The rep made some excuse that it was because I booked with Orbitz and that the policy was in the terms and conditions.
When was the last time anyone read everything in the terms and conditions?
None of the other agencies have this rule so if it separates you from the others you should damn well make sure it is communicated to the customer beforehand.
So there i was with no way to get home to even get it and they rep didn't even try to see if an exception could be made.
Needless to say I went over to the agency where we had turned in my girlfriend's rental and received much better service without a reservation and they were fantastic.
Yes, I paid a little more than I had anticipated but it works for me if the agency has my best interest in mind.
So don't even bother dealing with Payless.
I was lucky enough to not get to the part where they try to sell you everything under the sun.
Your money is better spent elsewhere.

Had a great experience!
They did a beat rate (I had one with Fox) and upgraded the car.
Service was fast with NO problems!

The phrase "you get what you pay for" applies here.
We were looking for a minivan rental for  a week in Phoenix.
All were in the same price range, essentially around $900 after taxes and airport fees.
I then saw the ad for Payless that put the price around $700 per week after taxes and airport fees.
Although I have never rented from them, I made the reservation.
I made the reservation online with no difficulty.
Our flight was delayed, so we had to go to the pickup level to check in.
Only one worker was present.
He was pleasant.
The computer system was slow.
He then mentioned the rate, which was what I was quoted, but there would be an additional $350 hold put on my card.
I appreciated him telling me this, because it affected what card I would use.
The car was OK.  Not clean on the inside; we found a golf ball and some goldfish crackers in the trunk.
The rear seats were folded down and we had to figure out how to get them back up.
The USB port on the radio did not work.
The vehicle had over 30k miles on it.
I worked well all week and suited our purposes well.
Actually had really good gas mileage.
Return was interesting.
Again only one employee, no electronic gear except his trusty desktop computer.
It took a while, but we were told there would be no additional charges on our rental.
Overall, we got what we expected to get -- a lower priced vehicle that showed why it was lower priced, based upon service.
If you are fussy about detail, just don't rent here.
Not sure if we will rent again, but it was worth a $200 savings.

Add me to the list of reviewers here whom Payless deceitfully charged extra for roadside assistance without being asked.
I told the representative at the desk that I would like to deny all extra coverage, and then he asked me to sign my initials at different places on the form saying I would deny coverage.
He made no mention of roadside assistance for an extra charge.
When I got home and double checked what Payless charged my card compared to the price I initially booked online, I saw the difference and called them about removing the roadside assistance charge.
In the end, it pays to rent from a respectable rental company.
I will never rent from Payless again.

I think someone finally read these reviews and implemented some change at this place.
The checkout counter was well-staffed with four employees.
I was fortunate to have a very nice, professional young man named Martin assist me.
He couldn't have been more apologetic about the 10 minute wait in line, and assured me that he'd have me on my way as quickly as possible.
I received no pressure/funny looks when I declined all protection/fuel/etc.
I chose this location because I wanted to go the cheapest route possible.
I received a 10% discount just by using a promo code that was listed on the payless homepage.
After booking the cheapest economy car for $31.50/day, they ended up giving me a 2013 Dodge Charger V8 with 3000 miles on it.
Martin was humble enough not to even mention the complimentary upgrade; in fact, I didn't even realize it until I went downstairs to the 2nd checkout counter where they give you the keys (about another 10 minute wait with two individuals working the counter).
I think this place is popular because it's the cheapest available, and to me, it was well worth the 20 minutes of waiting for what I got.
All the rental companies are served by the same shuttles which drop you off at a central location, so you don't have to worry about crappy shuttle service.
The only negative I saw, which I really can't fault the company for, is everyone wanting the best deal and booking through payless resulting in a short wait.
As I mentioned earlier, they utilized all of the counter space available to them, and the wait really wasn't that bad.
Thanks Martin!

The spanking brand new facility that Payless Car Rental resides in is great--however, such a nice facility is most always met with a higher overhead.
So how does Payless Car Rental make you pay so much less?!
Well..they bait you with a low rate and then practically demand that you add on additional items for mega bucks.
Who is the brain center of this company that actually thinks that this model is good for business?
Preying on people who are too nice to speak up.
Shame on you Payless.
Luckily, my mother didn't raise a fool and I saw through that smoke screen--new insurance laws, need proof of insurance, AZ mandatory insurances, blah blah blah.
It is a bunch of balarky and you shouldn't let them strong arm you when your current insurance coverage is plenty sufficient.
Once you tell the "salesman" at the counter for the billionth time that you just want your effin car that you booked and nothing else, the rest of the process is quite painless.
The vehicles are new and clean and suit the purposes for which I set out with and now we are back on track.
Because of this you lucky dogs, you get three stars instead of one.

reserved a car online, the quoted price was $316, after all fees and surcharges the total was $789.
WHAT?
this is very deceptive advertising.
Do you want a second driver authorized?
Sure.
That was 50, no warning.
Concession rec fee 63.35, but no coffee.
Consolidated facilities chg 30.
What's that?
Surcharge, prepaid fuel - again no warning of exorbitant rates.
Roadside protection, not exactly what we ordered either.
Vehicle license fee 30.
Isn't the company supposed to pay for their own licenses?
All in all: Dont rent from payless, unless you want to pay more.

Just don't do it.
Scam artists.
Wish I could give it negative stars.

Quick, easy and priced right.
Would rent from them again.

This is the worst rental company ever.
Apparently if you're local you need proof of insurance AND a utility bill.
Go f yourself!!!
NO YOU MAY NOT HAVE THAT INFORMATION!!!
Crooks.
They claim its in the rental agreement, but when you book through a third party vendor (priceline, kayak, etc) they don't say anything about that????
Walked right over to Advantage.
I'm glad, because Advantage bent over backward to help us after hearing this ridiculous story.
Payless does not deserve ANY of our money.
P.S.
If you look at the 30+ filtered reviews this place has, you can see that people make Yelp profiles to write about their negative experiences with this place.
When your anger is so bad that you create a profile just to get the word out, then you KNOW this place is bad.
There is a possibility that some are fake.
BUT, with the majority of the reviews all being one star and then all of the filtered reviews being one stars but one time reviewers, you can't help but wonder if this place is trying to be as awful as it is.

Wanted to rent a car for The Better Half to use on a road trip and found this place on Expedia.
It was the lowest priced car rental joint in the Phoenix area, so we made a reservation.
When we arrived they asked her to provide a copy of 2 utility bills and a copy of our insurance....what?!
I've rented a car hundreds of times and have never heard of such a thing.
I thought I was going crazy and laughed....the person working the desk was serious.
They require 2 utility bills and a copy of your insurance?!
To rent a friggin' car?!
FAIL  I quickly jumped on my iPhone and booked another reservation with Enterprise.
10 min later, we were in our rental car.
This company has no clue.
Who the hell keeps a copy of their utility bills nowadays?
I don't.
I either have them electronically and don't have paper copies or I throw them away immediately.
This company is a pure joke in my mind.
Return Factor - 0%

The counter agent had me initial a collision overstating that I declined to purchase insurance when in reality the small print says I agreed to pay $28 a day!
Same thing itch roadside assistance.
The agent was deliberately misleading.
Never again

They don't even deserve a star!!!
I thought they were being nice upgrading me for $40.00 total for the 3 days I rented!!
Ya right!!!
They also charged me for insurance that I didn't want!!
The guy David totally conned me!!!
I don't know how he sleeps at night!!
I was only suppose to be charged $119.00 total but got charged $350.00!!
Un believable!!
I should of read all the other reviews before renting here!!!
What a joke!!!
Poor service rude people and the car was a lemon!!!
DON'T RENT HERE!!
It may be cheaper in the beginning but you get screwed at the end!!!
You people should be ashamed of yourselves!!

What horrible customer service!
One more ANGRY consumer here!
I booked a reservation online for my husband who would be arriving as Sky Harbor today.
He needed a car rental for a few days, and this seemed like a bargain.
However, when he went to get the car they told him since he is a "local rental" he would need a utility bill AND proof of insurance.
Oh, my bad!
I forgot to pack him that!
I called ahead of time to make sure EVERYTHING was good for the reservation and if he needed to bring anything specifically to pick up the car.
I was told NOPE they have everything in the system and he doesn't even need the confirmation number.
I said we have a GEICO app on our iphones that shows our ID cards for insurance and he said he would need PAPER proof.
They were not willing to work with us at all.
Well, they left him stranded at the airport when that little surprise came up.
I was in tears since he only travels with one credit card to prevent loss during his trips, and we had enough for THIS rental and deposit.
I asked to speak with the manager over the phone and he was rude telling me he only understands every other word I say and refused to give me a landline to call him on.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.
I called over to Dollar rental and paid a little more but got a better deal and awesome customer service in the end.

Booked the rental through Autoslash.com.
The quote was for $88.00 including taxes for 3 days which was a screaming deal.
I read all of the horrible reviews on Yelp so I was pretty worried when picking up my rental at the airport for my trip up to Sedona.
I got there about 30 minutes early and the guy that helped me said they only had cars on the lot that were available.
I booked an intermediate SUV so I told him that's BS.
In between texting people on his personal phone he called down to the garage and found a Hyundai Sonata that I could take at a higher rate of $139.00 out the door.
Why they considered a Sonata a full size beats me but I was kind of desperate so I took it.
There is also a "mandatory" 350.00 deposit to rent the car which was lame but not a deal breaker.
I declined all of the extra insurances and had to provide my insurance card which was fine.
My State Farm insurance card doesn't have my address so he asked for a utility bill.
Luckily, I read other reviews on Yelp so I had one in my back pocket... the Sonata was in perfect condition and drove great there and back so no problems there.
When returning the car it took forever and there was no organization to any of it; you just stand around and hope that the one person they have working doesn't skip you and help other people out.
They said it could take up to 14 days to get my deposit back...
I got mine back in 3 days.
More of a hassle than it is worth.
I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because of how clean the vehicle was.

This car rental company should be out of business!
Poor customer service!
The salesman would not let me leave the counter without purchasing insurance.
I told him that I have my own car insurance and will not need to purchase insurance with the car rental.
He made it sound like I HAD to purchase car insurance in order to rent their cars.
Needless to say, my company would not reimburse me for the car insurance I purchase with the car rental.

They wanted a utility bill and a proof of insurance to rent.

I have no idea how this company is still  in business and especially how they keep that "manager" Laura dealing with customers.
I was given a Nissan who took more gas than a big Cadillac although I was promised a Hyundai Accent.
After 3 days I asked to exchange the defective car, so I drove all the way to the airport and asked to waive the full tank of gas.
Laura wouldn't budge and was totally rude.
She practically forced me to drive to a really scary gas station close to the airport.
I wasted 3 hours of my day because of her and she absolutely didn't care that I told her she was losing a customer.
Too bad, hope lots of people read this and especially her bosses.
Maybe they don't care either.
In any case- BEWARE of Payless!

If I could give them negative stars I would!
Shame on me for not checking the yelp reviews prior to booking through this SCAM of a company!!
I booked through Orbitz and put in the days and times of pick up and drop off.
This company had by far the best deal so I booked it not reading every inch of the fine print.
Low and behold, the reason for the screaming deal is that every other company was legitimately quoting prices off of the dates and times I put in.
3 days.
Payless on the other, hand quoted me basically a 2 day price.
Even though the reservation confirmed my dates (3 days), on the third day they wanted to car dropped off at midnight!!
So, we go drop off the car on the third day by 2pm which was the time I had entered into the Orbitz search engine and because I was technically supposed to have the car dropped off at midnight I got charged $244 for my third day!
That was on top of the $176 I had already paid for supposedly a 3 day rental.
Such a ripoff.
Who can legitimately confirm a rental for the 23rd-25th but make the drop off the first minute of the third day.
Ridiculous!!
Shame on Orbitz for allowing it to happen and Payless for simply being scandalous.
The amount of additional money this company is brining in from people making the same mistake I did is disgusting.
The customer service was also awful by the way!

Booked via Expedia because I got a ridiculously cheap rate ($37 for 2 days).
The check in process was BRUTAL.
I would understand if there was a crazy line but there was ONE person in front of me.
They take their damn time and didn't have anyone come out to help (there were other employees just hanging out doing absolutely nothing).
Then when I finally got up to my turn (which took 15 minutes!
) the guy was super rude just because I turned down insurance.
I see why its cheap.
I guess that's to be expected when rates are this low.
I would never recommend this company to any one.
Go with SixT for good rates and better service.

Wow.
Fuck these guys.
I wish I had looked them up on Yelp before I made my reservation.
I would have realized that they were horrible and booked elsewhere.
The guy at the counter tried to up sell me repeatedly.
Then, when I asked why the total was higher than what I had been quoted on Priceline, he told me that they as a third-party, Priceline had gotten the taxes and fees wrong.
After I left, I noticed a line item for roadside assistance that accounted for the discrepancy.
When I went back, I noticed others who had also returned to the counter because their charges were also incorrect.
Maybe these were all honest mistakes.
Or maybe these guys are just shady motherfuckers.
I'm going to go with the latter.
Fuck these guys.
Avoid at all costs.

One start cause there is no zero here.
The staff is horrible.
They charge more, didn't return my calls and then refused to do ANYTHING at all after 6 months when I finally got hold of them.
The car they gave us wasn't great.
It continuously made noise and the sound system reminded me of late 80s.
They didn't apologize nor gave any credit...and all these on top of charging extra.
Oh and yes, when we reached, they told us to get a proof of address...What??
Who carries a bank statement or lease with them?
I will never rent from Payless again.
I have rented from many companies, and I should mention budget, as the car had low tire pressure and made me miss my appointment.
They changed out the car for me and give me next day on them.
I'd prefer having no problem with rental vehicle, but if there is one, show some consideration for the customer who is paying for your shitty service and cars.

I'm happy to report we had no problems with our Payless Car Rental experience.
And I was really worried about it after reading the other reviews.
I didn't get any super hard sells for the additional insurance and coverages, but I was pretty firm up front I wasn't taking them.
The employees, though not overly friendly, did their job and I got my car quickly.
It was frustrating that I made the reservation under my husband's name so they made him the primary driver and wouldn't switch it to me (I could only add myself as an additional driver for $10/day).
I mean, how hard is that to do?
I didn't want two drivers, I just wanted the primary to be me.
So, be careful when making your reservation.
Other than that, the car was in good, but not great condition, with lots of several nicks and scratches we had to mark down.
But it got us where we needed to go at a super cheap daily rental rate.
I was charged exactly what I was quoted when I booked through Alaska Airlines/Orbitz booking.
I'll be using them again when I'm back in October.

They are rip off scam artists!!
The internet contract was for $23 dollars a day plus tax, total $41.
I returned it an hour earlier than the 24 hours and they charged another $11.
When I disputed the charge the counter clerk said the manager would call me right back.
It is 4 days later and 4 phone calls to them and no response.
Obviously they are giving competitive quotes and then adding ridiculous surcharges.
Do not do business with this crooked company, as everyone else has advised.
Alan A

This review covers two trips.
One in December 2012 and one in July 2013.
My December experience was very good.
Smooth, no waiting, good car, no hard sell for all the add ons.
Easy to return.
I would give that trip a 4 star.
July was awful.
Booked it through Travelocity and the guy at the counter didn't like that.
Major hard sell about buying their liability insurance which I refused.
Unfortunately I didn't have my car insurance ID card with me.
I declined their coverage anyway in spite of all his threats and fear mongering.
Just be sure to have your auto insurance ID card with you.
Apparently a new AZ law passed recently.
As it so happens, I was stopped for speeding, the cop asked for my insurance then forgot about it because we kept searching for the car registration.
There was no registration in the car.
I was lucky and got off with a warning.
Just be prepared, and stand your ground about the hard sell for insurance.
Or rent from a different company.
I probably will next time.

great  price,  clean  new  vehicle,  and  good  customer  service.
I  will  definitely  rent there  again.

We got an on line quote (estimate) for a full sized car but the salesman tried to switch us to a "better full sized" model at 4 times the cost.
He became irritated with us when we wouldn't go along with his recommendations.
I'm so glad that we had printed out the quote and had our insurance card with us because I doubt he would have honored it.
We will rent elsewhere from now on.

Wish I would give negative stars.
I generally don't care if the service is bad.
You get what you pay for.
It's not okay to straight off rip people off.
I didn't catch that they had charged me for insurance I declined.
Now they keep playing games and refuse to give it back.
Not worth it.
You think it's a deal but you'll pay somewhere else along the line.
This worked out to more than going with a reputable company.
Don't do it.

I made reservation for Full Size , lady at the desk (Katherine with a bit of accent), printed out all the documentation car for Full size car price but charged me for small size car prepay fuel cost.When I went downstairs to pick up they gave me small size car without even informing me that they did not have any full size available at the time.
When I went back to the desk to ask why I was given small size car, she did not even say sorry for what happened, rather told me that I have to wait there until they could find me a full size.
I did not want to wait longer for which I have no guarantee that I might get full size, so I had to take Hyundai Sonata(which according to them is full size ).
She said I have to pay $20-$30 more because they are giving me full size car.
When checking me out upstairs, why printout the reservation for full size car price and charge me small size car fuel, when I made reservation for Full size?

Seriously this place is trying to scam people.
Do not think they will honor your online reservation.
A credit cards only operation, full of fees and policies designed to wear out the customer.
Wave after wave of travelers make for long lines of grumpy customers by design.
Expensive, frantic decisions at the service counter can be the end result of the endless BS storm this company shovels.
Don't feel like an idiot walking out when they try and shit on you.
There are other options.
If you're reading this post, you deserve to rent elsewhere.

Just like everyone else on here, I wish I would have read the reviews before choosing to deal with these assholes..
The front desk staff automatically upsold me on two features that I did not need, nor request, when the reservation was booked, and would not accept no for an answer.
After misleading me and charging my card he eventually took off the protection plan, but refused to remove the pre-paid fuel charge after several requests.
I requested to review a brochure on the pre-paid fuel charge, or at the least have him explain it to me, and again he refused both requests, simply assuring me over and over that "I'm saving money.
" Which of course I was not, having been forced by him to pay for a full tank of gas which I did not even use.
Absolutely unacceptable.

We got a really good rate on line for a midsize car.
When we got there they told us only compacts were available and they did not recommend them to go from Phoenix to Sedona, tried to upgrade us to full size for only 209.00!
Then they tried to tell us that Am Ex would only cover liability, which is baloney.
Then they tried to sell us AAA.
We ended up with the compact paying the price of the midsize.
In the lot there were plenty of midsize cars, too tired to go back and argue at that point.
The compact worked just fine.
Just look out for the scam up-selling and don't even think of using them unless the rates are half the price of others.
Oh ya, we fell for the prepaid gas too.
Never do that with anyone.

It was fine at $15 a day even for a full I downgraded to a smaller compact, Devery said he helped me as I was going to be 5 hours later than my original drop off of noon to noon and he was glad I said something up front because of the charges......  Well try charm of Devry didn't proceed through return and I got charged and extra $47 for being 5 hours late.
I knew the price was too good to be true.
I recommend you know your exact flight times if you venture and overestimate your return.

i wish i had read the reviews before renting i received the old bait and switch as has many others that have rented form them.
they told me my car was not available but offer me an upgrade for another $100.
Plus the car was very dirty inside.
I will never use this company again

Note to self photograph every square inch of a car from payless  noted mutiple scratches all over car and staff says there is a chip in windshield  cant wait to fight this one.
This on top of the egregious overcharge ($125) they tried to extort when i came in 18 hours early on monday.
Back to my Hertz Gold for future   Saw car go right back out as I left   poor sap wonder how many times they will try and charge for that  "chip"  so unnoticable the camera couldnt see it

If I could give this place zero stars, I would.
I had a reservation through Orbitz, and when I got to payless, the guy said he had no cars to rent to me.
Seriously?!
Stuck in PHX airport at 930pm with no car.
Horrible customer service.
Best to pay a little extra from another company and actually have the car you booked ready to pick up when you get off your flight.

For $84 for 2 days (no ins, including all taxes and fees) I got a sylish black on black Nissan Altima.
I had fun with the push start no key feature.
I gave 5 stars because of the service.
Returning the car at 5:25 am with a 5:45 flight back home was stressful.
The return was quick and I ran to the shuttle.
While on the shuttle I realized I left my wallet with credit cards, ID and cash in the car.
I called and spoke to "Claudia".
I ha no time to go back (I had a second ID thank god).
She said she will send it out the following day.
It is now 3 days after I returned the car and I just got a package with my wallet in it delivered :)  I WILL USE PAYLESS AGAIN!
They could of easily said it wasn't there and taken all my cash and cards.
THANK  YOU CLAUDIA!

Not at all happy with this place.
We had reserved the car on expedia and we thought the rate was locked in.
When we got there, the gut was acting like he was giving us a great car and never told it's our was an upgrade.
When he handed us a receipt it was $70  more than we had reserved with expedia.
These guys are so shady!
I would definitely not recommend them and I well never use them again!

Horrible rental car company.

Great service, great price!
$50 for a brand new Jetta for two days.
Brought it back an hour late - no problem, no charge.
Love this company, I will use them again.

Scary rental.
Ditto on upsell.
Want to add our gas?
Only 3.29 gal compared to 3.89 on street.
I had to remind salesperson I get charged a full tank.
Oh yeah.
4 times tried to upsell SUV over standard car.
Came down in price but I kept saying no.
He kept saying I would have to wait for my car but SUV was ready now.
Ended up going down to pick up my car and ended up with a small SUV.
Only car they had.
Will they try and add extra?
I wouldn't be surprised.
Should have checked Yelp first or followed my instincts and walked over to Budget or Avis.

They charged me twice what I expected to pay.
The guy at the counter small-talked me, asked me if I wanted "any additional insurance" - I said no - and just initialed where he told me to, not noticing that one thing I initialed was collision waiver insurance, which I did not need and ended up doubling the original cost.
He did not walk me through the additional cost and may even have been purposely misleading by distracting me with small talk.
I am an experienced traveler and nothing like this has happened to me before.
When I returned the car and expressed my surprise at the doubled cost they essentially said "well you signed it" and "it's worth it anyway.
" I will never rent from this Payless again.

Rented from Payless at Phoenix airport.
The agent, David, flat out lied to us about collision insurance, roadside asst.
and other charges I had never heard of and that were not part of the conversation and then charged me for all of them after I clearly stated I did not want any additional insurance or services  He explained the higher cost as being because of a security deposit which would be returned after the vehicle was returned.
When I received my credit card statement!
it was $220.50 higher than the reservation amount from the internet!!
I called customer service and left several messages but they have yet to return my calls.
After reading about other customer's experiences, I'm quite sure I never will hear from them.
DO NOT USE THIS  COMPANY!!
Better business bureau has given them a rating of  "F" and now I know why.
Wish I had checked them out thoroughly before jumping at the inexpensive internet rate.
Total scam artists!!!!

I signed a contract for a $350 deposit for the rental car because I used a regular debit card and not a credit card (which would've only been a $250.00 deposit) When I got to my hotel I checked my bank account and Payless had deducted $402.50 instead of the $350 I signed for with Bradley.
After calling and leaving several messages (all unreturned) I had to resort to email to inquire about the difference in charges.
The one and only phone call I received from Taylor came after 8 days of trying to contact the company about the 10 day hold on my deposit.
Taylor stated he had no record of my sale.
Then said that my info came up and that I had only been charged the $350 (according to their records) and that it had already been released in the 19th.
Which was the date I rented the car.
Not returned.
I had tried to explain the day after renting, at the time of drop off, via phone messages emails that my card had been one effected by the Target breach and I had not received my deposit back.
Perhaps it as because of the breach and new card.
I was directed by my bank to request a simple email sent from Payless stating the refund amount, date and merchant number.
Something which was REFUSED by the company.
(I found this impossible to believe- after receiving the same exact information from a hotel in a timely and professional manner.
Also after having working in accounting department for 5 yrs I know it is possible) After having to contact a company as much as this, I was becoming irritated and was probably evident, and why I received no response by phone.
I did, although, receive some very rude & unhelpful emails from the company.
Stating they could not, would not and never send out deposit refund confirmations.
Stating that this was not their problem but mine and the banks.
I found the customer curtesy lacking in every way.
Especially after having to wait over 10days for a deposit refund.
Being in all areas of customer service for 9 years I know jobs aren't fun.
But unfortunately any and all things should be done to help your customers- whether you like it or not.
It should be done.
I took photos of all damage, stains and faults to the car.
Which I highly recommend!!
Filled the tank to the brim and even dropped it off 3 hours early.
Did not receive a refund for the early drop off.
Which I don't even care about at this point!!
Waited over 10 days for a deposit release and besides Bradley being nice at time of rental- received zero customer curtsey from the company.
I don't recommend them.

Amazingly bad service.
Long wait to check in.
The seats were horribly Stained in the front and the back and there was a dent in the door.
Dropping the car off was also a challenge with another wait and general chaos.
Would never use them again

They will try to fast talk you at the counter and get you to initial for extras that you didn't ask for, I was told i would get a free upgrade then they charged me $19 per day extra for the free upgrade.
I have called 4 times now and still can't get anyone to call me back.
These guys are dirt bags, don't rent a car from here.

I really wish I would have done more research before allowing my mother to rent from this $%&!
show.
We were in a bind because we had to go back to CA just after moving to AZ and didn't have a major credit card or an AZ driver's license yet.
This was the only one that would rent to my mom so we were in a bind.
I really wish I had researched more.
In then end my mom ended up paying $600 more than initially quoted.
Watch out for the slick salesmen at the desk, they are good at what they do, which is distract you from the financial aspects of the contract.
Lesson Learned... RESEARCH.
RESEARCH.
RESEARCH.

0 Stars!
This place is awful!
I am reporting them to the better business bureau and I hope others will too.
If I would have checked reviews here first, I would never have rented from Payless.
They purposefully decieve, lie and charge you for what you did not agree to.
It is shameless.
Then when you see what they have done and wait in line for 30 minutes at 9pm on a weekend you are told the manager is in a meeting and can't meet with you but given a number to call him.
He never returns a phone call.
Or an email.
I don't know how this company is in business and I don't know what to do to get my $160 in extra charges back!

Now I know why the line is so long at the Enterprise counter....
I signed up on Yelp specifically to write this review.
I had a 2012 Elantra with 31,000 miles on it, the car would creak and groan in drive so at traffic lights I had to put it in neutral.
The suspension would bottom out on nearly every bump, and every time I turned the steering wheel it would make horrible noises.
Elantra's are normally fine cars but this was beat to crap and clearly not maintained.
What made me write this review was I tried contacting them on 3 separate occasions.
Twice with their local Phoenix office, and was told to leave a message and that I would get a call back.
Never got a call back both times I left messages.
And the disinterested corporate office hung up on me.
Twice.
Be extremely careful reading the fine print of your contract.
Their extra 'insurance' is $25/day just to cover your insurance company's deductible.
I will never rent with them ever again, and will continually go out of my way to make sure people don't make the mistake of renting with them.

If I could give it zero stars I would!
This place blows, and everything they tell you is a lie.
They quoted us a price for a three day mid size rental at around a hundred bucks, but then the estimated bill we got at the counter said $350.
So after a lot of bitching, they got it down to $240 for us only to find out upon our return that there was some hidden bullshit that cranked it up to $350 again!
These are the worst kind of people, lie to your face and then bend you over and give it to you again.
I done care how badly you need a car, never ever give this place your business.
It's just not worth the hassle.

zero stars!!
!....avis was out of cars for spring training..returned car at 25 hours and was charged for an extra day plus a $90 late charge....total: $440 for 25 hours and 54 miles....   oh...the car was old and muddy when i picked it up...you'd be better off taking taxis than giving this shakedown your business!!

This place is horrible!
I got a bill for $106, I paid for gas at the counter $41 and total was $160!
The manager Elliott Standridge said that the extra was for taxes.
I don't care about $12, but what a bunch of immoral cheaters!
The counter"man" was an idiot who could not explain the additional charges.
The manager does not return phone calls.
By the way, when the message says that they return calls the same day,beware, they are lying about that too!
DON't GIVE THESE THIEVES YOUR MONEY

This place is filled with dishonest and unethical work practices.
I prepaid a reservation on 4/23 and when I picked up and returned the car on the designated day on 4/28, they charged me AGAIN for the full price that I already paid--why??
They also credited back the taxes/fees so they can get HIGHER taxes and fees because I had a fuel charge.
Additionally, I put in a request for a refund THE SAME DAY and I was told by the local office to call "Corporate.
"  Corporate is essentially a place to start a customer service ticket and then the entire dispute is handled online only.
I called again today (mind you this is 3 days after my original dispute) and the Customer Service rep said they could do nothing for me and to call Corporate.
What's the number for Corporate?
Oh, they don't have that on hand.
Really?!
I asked to speak to a Manager.
"There is no Manager on site.
"  Really?!
I am fairly certain someone in authority has to be on site for management.
"No.
"  So, now I am DENIED access to anyone in authority.
The best he could do was post a reply (online of course) that I called again.
I asked him to state I requested a Manager and was denied.
He did not post what I asked....so I did.
TWICE.
No resolution yet to speak of.
DO NOT RENT HERE.
IT IS HORRENDOUS AND UNETHICAL.

Wow, I wish I had read Yelp before renting here.
We had a really bad sales guy named David in Phoenix, AZ last week on Tuesday 4/29.
We had already reserved a vehicle and when we walked up he asked if we would like to upgrade, we considered and requested not to upgrade.
He got a little frustrated.
We gave him our license and he proceeded, then I heard the guy next to him inform the other couple that it is extra to have more than one driver, I simply requested he only put the husband as the driver in that case.
He got even more frustrated and agitated.
I tried to explain we just want what we reserved and there was no need for all these add on costs.
When I did that he spoke over me and mentioned we had all the extras at no cost because it took too long to change it and that I must be a "professional".
I wasn't sure what that meant but I am sure it wasn't good and I was offended.
The worst part is when we checked out I found extra charges that not only was I not informed of but I was not in agreement with.
Like roadside assistance?
I didn't need that, I have AAA and he never asked me if I wanted it.
Absolutely the worst service professional that I have come across in a long time.
DON'T RENT HERE!!

Avoid at all costs.
You might get a good deal but you get what you pay for.
The front desk agents are the terrible.
Rude, condescending and unprofessional.
(If you don't believe me just go see Abdul) They try and make you feel stupid when you decline all of their up selling.
Save yourself the headache and rent from anyone else!

Do not rent from this company.
My flight was to arrive at 11:30 PM so prior to renting I called to ask & was told that would not be a problem.
When I arrived at the counter 1) they had NO CARS (including for several other customers) 2) they said rental agreements are automatically cancelled each MN.
They did promptly refund my prepaid rental fee.

Found Payless Car Rental through Orbitz, due to it's cheap rental prices and conveniently placed near our destination in AZ.
Don't be fooled however on thinking you're getting a great deal.
On Orbitz, car rental was expected to be $21 a day this wasn't the case once we got to the front of the line however.
After waiting in a long line of people who walked away from the desk with huge disappointment lingering on their faces and cursing under their breath, my mother and I realized what all the negativity was about.
The car rental tacks on so many charges and fees, that $21 is long gone by the time they're finished telling you your total amount.
Additional charges if you'd like a second driver, GPS, if you don't bring it back for a full tank you have to pay them to fill the tank for you, there is a deposit- which is understandable and of course you cannot make trips to Mexico.
Payless is all about business and no customer service.
We took our Nissan Altima for the weekend and brought it back to the rental center.
This will be the last time we'll use Payless in the future.

We rented a car from the Phoenix location  We did not purchase insurance but did purchase the prepaid fuel.
When we received the car the interior was completely filthy.
They said it was because their shampooer was broken.
I believe that is an unexceptional excuse but we had a one year old baby and an eighty year old great grandmother with us and didn't want to wait any longer.
When we returned the car on Wednesday my husband left his set of keys on the key ring of the car.
On Thursday I called the Phoenix locations lost and found about the keys.
I left a message and today a week later have still not received a response.
On Saturday after still no response and realizing the we charged $463.04 for our car rental when it was supposed to be 198.00 I called customer service.
I spoke with Bernard he opened a case for me complaining about the car, the billing, and the keys.
As of today Thursday,  I still had not received a response.
So I called customer service again.
I spoke with Josh who told me I needed to call Laura at the Phoenix location.
Saying that we purchased insurance for the car.
Which we did not.
We have never purchased the insurance on our cars.
I called the number provided by Josh.
Nancy at the Phoenix location took my call.
I began to tell her what was happening when she rudely interrupted me by asking me to hold so she find someone to help me.
She did not put me on hold but transferred me to someone's voicemail.
After the previous experience I have had when people at your business calling me back I didn't leave a voicemail but called back.
I again spoke to nancy and asked to please let me speak to someone and not to transfer me to a voicemail.
She again transferred me to a voicemail.
This happened one more time before I asked her to speak to Laura.
She again transferred me to a voicemail.
I called again asking her to please let to me speak directly to nancy.
She again transferred me to her voicemail.
I left a message for Laura.
I then called Jose at customer care and was told to reopen the case here.
I have never seen a business ran so terrible.

