This place was a huge disappointment.
My wife and I stopped in to order two chocolate sundaes.
The guy at the register didn't crack a smile and was quite short with us.
He prepared our sundaes under the watchful eye of the owner.
Both sundaes were well below the level of the already small cups and when he put the tops on the sundaes it looked ridiculous.
The size of the portions (almost no whipped cream and very little chocolate) was laughable and you could tell the owner was taking full advantage of the smaller portions to garner a larger profit on the sale of these "Tastee Freezes".
This wasn't enough abuse though.
While we were sitting there you could hear shouting in a foreign language in the kitchen area (not Spanish or English) and loud jabbering in some foreign dialect from the far east.
Bottom line: We spent $2.89 per sundae and got about seven bites of ice cream for our trouble.
We won't be back!

Not to much to say about this place.
It's pretty much what you expect from a chain hotdog joint.
I paid 5.32 for a hot dog and a drink...I would rather spend 5 bucks at Safeway on a pack of 6 and cook them myself than eat here again.
But I guess its a nice alternative to McDonalds..

Good hotdogs, burgers and fry combinations.
Corn dogs always good.

First time trying Wienerschnitzel.
Nothing special to be honest.
I've tasted better chili dogs, hot dogs, and burgers from a circus.
I guess the best item I had is the chili cheese fries.

This chain has slid downhill gradually over the years.
Tried a Chicago dog, it was an insult to all true Chicago dogs - crappy produce, marginal wiener, overpriced for what it was.
They charge 50c to "upgrade" to a pretzel bun.
Nice bun, hideously overpriced upgrade.
You're far better off at a local non-chain hot dog joint than any Wienerschnitzel location, in Brak's experience.

I tryyyyyyy to avoid rating fast food because it's basically all the same, but this one just begged for it.
The customer service is probably the worst out there, very rude people.
The place smells like a gym without and ventilation, not sure if it's the employees or just the place... or a combo of both?
Their food presentation is horrible, and yes I do mean horrible for a fast food place, so I'm not setting high expectations.
They can't even get the ice cream IN the cup for the rootbeer float.
And when they see it's hanging out of the cup dripping down the side they chose handing it to you instead of wiping the cup off.
Same with the hot dogs.
Is is that hard to get the condiments on the hotdog?
Apparently.
They extra star is because once you deal with the bad service, singe your nose hair due to the smell, and put your food back together/clean up, the food is decent.

I don't come here for the service.
The food is where it's at (=

Drive thru 18 minutes!!!!
That was just for a drink!
Customer service was poor and to add to things the ice tea was old.
Threw it out.
Can't wait another 18 minutes for refund.
1st time I've been to this place.
Wouldn't go back.

Really didn't impress me.
Place is clean.
Chicago Dog was just lame.
Chilli fries were cheap tasty but and okay place to go.

