This is a great little cafe, filled with Sun City residents & local merchants.
Brenda runs the place, its not just a name, and the food it simple & comforting.
Daily specials, standard american cuisine and sweet little lady waitresses.
yummy

Always a great experience when I go there.
The food is great!
And the gals are always friendly.
I will eat there again and again............etc.

Great Food, Great Service,,and the prices are low,,,I enjoy eating breakfast here,,the waitress are very friendly,,,thanks..

This is such a great place.
Brenda and all of her staff sincerely like people.
The food is simple home-cooking, always lovingly prepared and fresh.
Service is friendly and warm, but sometimes when the restaurant is very busy, it can be slower.
No matter.
Everyone, including the regulars, is so nice you will just enjoy the atmosphere.
Prices are friendly also...

I really enjoy this place!
I really missed these little homegrown cafe's that the mainland seem to have.
The atmosphere is comfy and the workers are super nice.
My family ended up coming here on Halloween for bunch and all the waitresses and Brenda were dressed up in Halloween costumes.
It made me feel like I was at home and it was okay that I was missing Halloween.
I really enjoyed the fact that I could watch the cooks make the food.
I ended up getting breakfast and so did my mom and grandma.
I got to tell you their portions are HUGE!!!!
I got a three egg omelet with bacon and tomatoes, home fried potatoes and a biscuit.
All of it was delicious and a bit heavy.
I could not finish it all.
I think my favorite thing was the biscuit.
It was light, fluffy and dense just a country style biscuit should be!!!!
If you don't come here for the service come here for the food.
It may be tucked away in Sun City but I still would make the trek down here!

Great food, nice staff... as busy as it is, it's a little too small making it crowded really quick.
Still worth going to for the food...

I enjoy nothing more than stopping in at Brenda's for some good, wholesome food.
The menu is simple and the food is tasty and fresh.
I have never had  a bad meal (breakfast or lunch) here.
The service is always friendly, quick and helpful.
How often can you get a meal this good at a very reasonable price?

I just had breakfast at Brenda's Kitchen.
The banter was friendly and a bit livelier today.
Perhaps it is because the snowbirds have flown the nest and there were a few empty seats: Brenda and the crew had a chance to not only breathe but to talk with everyone.
I like Brenda's not only for the food, but the entertainment value and that feeling of being in a good friends kitchen, chatting with everyone; comfortable.
I recommend this place but if no new people go, that would mean I could always find a seat.

