I'm basically 99% sure I wrote a review of this place about 8 months ago and now there are...no reviews.
Is it possible for them to take stuff down?
No doubt they wanted all previous reviews removed...it's not just me, the previous stack of bad reviews was proof that this place is seriously the worst McDonald's ever.
Frankly I'm surprised that McDonald's Corp continues to allow them to operate this franchise location.
Ronald McDonald would roll in his grave.
Basically 60% of the time we're told to park.
And if it's not me being told to park and wait it's usually the person in front of me.
The ice cream machine is "out of order" or "down for cleaning" (your pick) more often than not.
WHICH IS TOTALLY AWESOME WHEN YOU'RE IN LINE, SOMEONE PULLS IN BEHIND YOU, YOU ORDER ICE CREAM, THEY DON'T HAVE IT, THEN YOU GET TO WAIT IN LINE TO GET THROUGH THE DRIVE THRU!
It would be brilliant if they would post that before the point of no return in the drive thru lane.
I don't know what the deal is, if management/owners just don't care or if they don't know what's going on.
I'll sum it up with my most recent drive-thru experience there:  Girl: "Hi, welcome to McDonald's, now featuring the Cherry Berry Chiller!
What can I get you?
" Me: "Can I get 2 medium Cherry Berry Chillers?
" Girl: "We're out.
" Me: "But you just said you had them..." Girl: "No, I said FEATURING.
We don't have them.
"  And she probably spit in the Sprite I got instead.

This location is good  nothing special about it but over all the service is good and food is OK.

Drive Thru is a NIGHTMARE.
Food is cold more often than not and the orders are CONSISTENTLY WRONG.

Wow!
What crappy service!!
I waited in line at the drive thru.
I got to the speaker finally, and they asked me to hold.
Sure, no problem.
11 minutes later, and several cars that went into the other lane after me, were all served.
I drove up, got to the window and complained.
I got an I'm sorry.
Then was told I had to drive back through to place my order.
I THINK NOT!!!
I will never spend another red penny at this place!

We don't eat at McDonald's on a daily basis by any means, but every now and then in a pinch, we stop here because it's less than a minute from our house.
We have yet to ever leave with our entire order 100% correct.
They constantly give us the wrong food and usually leave out one or MORE things we ordered.
Staff is unpleasant and the managers don't care if you say anything.
They're equally unpleasant.
Would not recommend this place!
I ONLY gave them two stars because the inside is clean and that's important to me.

It was late Sunday night, and we were hungry and this is the only place open late.
We went to the one on Gantzel, but they weren't accepting anything but cash, which our bank ATM is inside Fry's which was closed.
So we come here, place our order, and our fries are half full, and the buns on the cheeseburgers were so stale the dog wouldn't even eat them!!
No lie!!
There was one, very unhappy, seemed put out young woman working the drive through and sorry, but not a good experience!

