Wow.
Great service.
Great haircut.
Great price.
No need to say anything more.

Best barber shop in AZ.
Will have you looking like a celebrity.
YES, they are that good.
Also has nice comfortable couches, plasma tvs, and is really clean.
Great barbers who know how to fade and are experts with the clippers

These guys are scissor ninjas with a flair for style cuts that is second to none.
Transformed me from Hill Billy to Billy.

Lefty's is definitely the best barber shop in Arizona (Tucson included..lol)  Now keep in mind....the Phoenix area is not LA, Chicago or New York...where the best barbers in the US reside...but...Lefty's could hold its own if it were located in any of those cities...  Dwayne (the owner) is a really cool dude and what I have noticed with his shop compared to others I have frequented over the years is that he only has top notch ethical barbers working in his shop and he has really good attention to detail and running a business on my own, I always appreciate frequenting well run businesses.
Others have mentioned that the shop has 12 flat screen tv's showing all the latest sports channels in addition to a playstation play area, a computer station with an IMac and a kids section in front of the store.
The shop is also well lit and has a really upscale feel to it.
My barber Troy knows his skills well and gets my longer hair cut exactly like I want each time...this is no small feat as I had prior to Troy been trying to find a barber who could give me a particular cut with no luck for 3 years in AZ so had to resort to a short fade haircut that almost any barber could do.
And I hate short fade haircuts..lol  Finally, I oftentimes take my youngest daughter with me to Lefty's since I always go on the weekend and this is in addition to being a cool shop to hang out at is very family orientated.
On a typical Saturday you will find everyone from little kids getting the latest cuts to young dudes like me :-) to older guys getting a touch up.

This is a really great barber and I'm glad I found them because some of the other barbers in the vicinity have fallen into disorganization or poor service.
I walked in off the street today and although they were pretty busy, Andre was available to cut my hair right away.
He did a great job and had really impressive attention to detail.
There were a lot of other people in the shop and they have several TVs, video games, and quite a few interesting conversations going on.
This is a place where you don't have to just sit silently and get your hair cut--you can join in the conversations and generally have a relaxing time.
I would recommend this place for any type of haircut.
They also have a new salon in the back where they do ladies, although I didn't venture back there.
By the way, the Yelp map displays this shop in the wrong location.
It's right off Chandler Blvd.
and 48th street in the plaza with Waffle House.

Being from the east coast I would say this is the best barber shop in Arizona that I have found.
If your looking for that perfect fade just ask for Troy.
This shop also feels has a great vibe to it while you wait.
Choose to play a video game by the lounge or watch some sports on the many tvs.

