Dr. Heffelfinger is fantastic!
We went in with our 11-month old son to have an InfantSEE exam (which is FREE by the way...optometrists choose whether they want to participate in this nationwide program and Dr. Heffelfinger does.
)  The location is in a small building on the north side of Camelback between Central and 3rd Avenues.
It's an older building, but they did a great job with the inside and it feels bright and modern in there.
We filled out paperwork and met Dr. Heffelfinger.
She was very nice...our son liked her and didn't have his usual "afraid of strangers" shyness.
The exam took about 45 minutes, which included a twenty minute break in the middle for our son's pupils to expand.
He was totally enraptured by the whole exam because the Dr. kept him thoroughly entertained!
She was very gentle with him and was completely flexible with "his schedule", which included him not wanting to do one part of the eye exam...she just skipped it and came back to it later instead of trying to force him to continue.
It could have been a very trying experience for all involved, but we were pleasantly surprised.
We were really impressed with the exam, her competency and thoroughness, and her ability to keep him happy and entertained!
(also...I got my glasses adjusted before we left ...they were very out of whack and the staff was happy to adjust them multiple times for me.

I went back to have my eyes checked...since Dr. H was so good with my son, I figured she'd be good with me as well.
It went better than I expected.
She was extremely thorough.
It was the most thorough exam I've ever experienced...I also asked a lot of questions, which both Dr. H and the staff answered without any impatience.
I had some eye discomfort reading and working on the computer and when I mentioned it, Dr. H asked me several questions, checked out my eyes and then asked if I wanted a reading prescription--not for bifocals--but to remove the near-sighted part of my script so that my eyes' natural ability to focus up close weren't fighting my regular glasses script when I was looking at things up close (like a book or a computer).
Since I got this "special" reading prescription, I am now enjoying reading again!!!
What's remarkable is that she LISTENED TO ME and figured out what the issue was--I've mentioned this to every eye doc I've had since I first got glasses (20 years ago) and she's the first one who's figured it out.
If I could give her 10 stars, I would!!!!

I have never been so comfortable in ANY doctor situation.
They were amazing, helped me pick out great classes for the best money.
As long as I am in AZ, I dont think I will go anywhere else!
They also have a great selection and a very friendly staff.

Dr. Heffelfinger is very nice.
She answered all of my questions, gave thorough explanations and took extra time to find the correct prescription for me.
If you're looking for a thorough eye exam, I'd recommend her.
If you're in a hurry, go somewhere else.
Because of her thorough manner my appointment lasted over an hour.

They got me in and out before I even knew I was there.
The technicians were very expedient, helpful, and personable.
They got me through all the test in record time.
The techs and the doctor were also very knowledgable about my insurance and how to best utilize it.
Their selection in frames is also pretty impressive and I found a stylish pair that I am happy with.
I would recommend them to anyone and everyone.

The staff made me feel so welcome to my new neighborhood and more importantly took care of my eye needs in short order.
My objectives were to get an eye exam and inquire about Lasik.
The eye exam was a joy with Suzi as my "Cruise Director" and Dr. Heffelfinger was very informative about my vision 'present' and 'future'.
In the end I'm confident about my choice and look forward to next years' exam.

Thorough friendly and fast.
What more could you want from your eye doc?
Very impressed with their knowledge and speedy service.
I will return to Dr Heffelfinger and Dr Maynard again.

Dr. Heffelfinger and Suzanne were fantastic.
The examination was quick, thorough, and everything was explained clearly.
Both ladies were pleasant to be around.
I am so pleased to have found this office and will definitely return!

I was originally booked to see Dr. Maynard, but he ended up sick the day I was supposed to see him.
His staff was great about working me in as soon as possible to see the other Doctor, Dr. Heffelfinger.
When I came into the office, I was greeted by the front staff promptly and did not have to wait long before my appointment.
My exam was done mostly by a very nice 4th year intern, but Dr. Heffelfinger made sure to come in and review my eyes, as well.
She was very pleasant.
I even got to meet Dr. Maynard, who was also very nice.
They were very thorough, and explained exactly what they were doing, why they were doing it, and what they found.
I did not feel like a first time client, but someone they were pleased to see and comfortable joking around with.
I could tell that this was an office that enjoyed working together.
I'm glad I took the time to read through a bunch of reviews of the local doctors before making my choice - in this case, it definitely paid off!
oh y SE HABLA ESPAÑOL :)

Dr. Heffelfinger has been my eye doctor for many years.
I drive 30 miles across town to see her and it's worth it.
She is a wonder and caring doctor.
I highly recommend her!

Who would have thought that an eye exam could be enjoyable?
I went in for a routine exam today at Camelback Eye Care and I almost want to go back right now just to get another exam.
The entire staff was super courteous and attentive, the eye exam was very thorough but never boring (so many cool gizmos!
), the optical technician, Suzanne irc, was knowledgeable and kept me entertained, and Dr. Heffelfinger did not fail to impress either (I was apprehensive about letting someone else put in my contacts, but Dr Heffelfinger was so skilled that I think I would rather have her put them in every time).
Some days I am glad to be an obligate consumer and thanks to Camelback Eye Care today was one of those days.
My eyes thank you!

Wow, is all I can say.
Well, I guess I will say a bit more since this is a review.
I have never seen such a thorough exam in my life.
The staff was pleasant, especially the eyeglass frames consulting guy (sorry, don't remember his name).
The actual exam took about an hour, a literal hour, which to me was very excellent because they checked out everything.
I don't know how long I have been going to those places that do your exam for $29 and it ends up taking about 10 minutes literally for the exam.
One time I went to the Alex Optical at AZ Mills and I knew she did it too quickly, sure enough, my eyeglasses were nowhere near powerful enough.
I was not able to find any eyeglass frames that I liked and they gave me no issues about it, gave me my prescription to buy my eyeglasses somewhere else.
I was happy I listened to the reviews because now I have an eye person!
I would gladly return here again for all of my eyeball needs.

