Come here if you'd like a $20 pedicure which includes a hot rock massage with a hot towel.
Hurry if you only want to pay $17.99  I enjoyed my pedicure very much, and will be back to get my rocks hot.

Best gel manicures--they do it right to keep your nails in good shape--no sanding!
Great pedicures too.
Only problem is the wait at times, and they mirepresent how long the wait is.
They also lack communication (like many of the Vietnamese-run salons), thinking you don't mind sitting there and waiting and knowing nothing.
Or they put you in the chair with the water going, and leave you there 30 min (water is cold).
So their service itself is good, the frequent wait and communication is not good.
My time is more than the money savings, but this is the salon I like best.
They also do not keep trying to ooh and aah to you for a bigger tip on what a good job they are doing for you (it's very transpartent in some of these salons), they speak English too, and they don't try to keep upselling you.
Better service than most if you don't  have a queue.
No problem parking.
Good hours.
Good if you are not a day-time worker and you can go anytime then these problems go away.
Does not accept credit card for tipping (If you lack cash, then I guess staff gets no tip.
I don't like this credit card rule on tipping--it's a cost of doing business.
But most Vietnamese salons have it as a rule.

Ugh, worst pedicure ever.
She didnt scrub my feet and I waited an hour and a half in the pedicure chair to get my toes done.
They weren't  busy.
Its clean and nice, but not worth that that kind of wait.
Ridiculous.

I love Amazing Nails, I've been going to Amy for 10+ years now, she is amazing and always does a great job.
I always love my nails, pedi are great as well.
Very clean place and friendly staff.
I highly recommend Amazing Nails.

went to Amazing nails with my two daughters yesterday 9-18-2 signed in, there were two employees doing pedicures and one woman doing nothing.
Se came up to us and two other customers and said "we are too busy" I asked her if she wanted us to just go someplace else?
she said "YES" ... Not believing what I had just heard and thinking there may be a language barrier I asked again and she said yes, we are too busy please go someplace else.
we left and so did the other two ladies.
THIS PLACE DOESNT WANT OR EVIDENTLY NEED BUSINESS

Great value for the price without sacrificing a clean and friendly salon.
The salon is updated and clean.
I think the staff is kind and caring, the one girl stayed after 30 minutes after close to finish my nails perfectly.
I have also had my eyebrows waxed there as well.
It's the only nail and wax salon I will go to!

I got a gel manicure for $25 which was awesome because she did such a great job and paid attention to detail.
She made sure every single nail was perfect before she was finished.
The atmosphere was so nice and very clean.
Wonderful staff.
No complaints here!

This is the only place I will go to have my nails done.
Amy is the best!
She is quick, friendly and always does a great job.
They weren't here for a couple of months (renovating/negotiating lease) and I went elsewhere.
Within a few days my top coat was peeling and my nails were chipping and falling off.
I then tried a gel manicure and those were off in less than two weeks.
I'm lost without Amy!
They are now called Award Nails and Spa.
Same number and location.
Still $20 for a great pedicure.
Come by and check it out.
Sometimes there's a wait, but it's worth it for the quality.

I was in town for business and came here because of the reviews...Amazing is right!
$20 pedicure with hot stone massage and warm towel!
I also got a manicure and it was great as well.
I definitely recommend them!

I wouldn't recommend getting your nails done by the old man working, he seemed very impatient when I pointed out things that needed to be fixed.
But Amy is great, she does 3D designs that I love and is always super nice.
Even though this place is far from my house I go here for the 3D designs

