Starbucks is ok if you do not get coffee.
Go for the expresso!

i'm never gonna get my head around my fellow AMERICAN's obsession with STARBUCKS.
i have friends that are late every month on their VISA and MASTERCARD accounts (which are probably mostly STARBUCKS charges anyway) because they have a forty-plus-dollar a week coffee habit.
still, when you're on the road, it's nice to have a place where you can drop by and jolt the senses into a heightened state of alertness and use their WI-FI to get caught up on your e-mail.

I visited this location twice.
The first time was awesome!
We went through the drive-thru and the woman at the window was super nice and friendly.
She went above and beyond!
She was like a hawaiian or samoan descent.
She was awesome!!
Drinks came out perfect!
No complaints.
The next day however we came across a caucasian brunette female.
She messed up our order, overcharged us and then we proceeded to inform her NICELY, then she copped major attitude.
She 'literally' rolled her eyes.
Who the hell does that????
lol.
She made it such a hassle that we just said forget it, not even worth it.

The morning drive thru is ridiculously slow.
I know it's a morning rush time, and they make breakfast foods that aren't just grab and go, but I sat in the line for 13 minutes.
It really is faster to find parking, go in and order, than it is to hit the drive thru.
The staff is always very friendly and cheerful in the morning.

I always go here because it's close to my work.
But screw them.
Always so slow.
The last time I went inside there were 5 people standing around.
And I was late for work because the girls were too busy talking about their personal business.
Man... act professional and do your job then maybe I'll come back.
PS I love Starbucks!

LOVE this place, on my way to work.
Hate the fact that the last 2 weeks I've been going, they have been trying to up sell me.
No, I don't want an extra shot, umm no I don't want a bag of coffee, and no I don't want a $3 banana bread.
But please, please remember I ordered NON-FAT milk.

You would think that being the first person in line at 5:45am would help you get great service.
Well at this location that is not the case.
It amazes me how some locations don't value their customers.

This Is Actually the Starbucks Store I like the Least That I have been to in the Phx Area.... Every Time I have gone Whether Early In the Morning(not too early actually, around 6-7am) or At Night (About half an hour before they Close) They Take The Longest Time........... And ALSO Manage to Get My Drink Or My Companions' Drink Wrong..... Once we had to correct the barista taking our order Several Times... And She Still Got It Wrong...
I know they might be busy or distracted but It's A Part Of Their Job To Get It Right....
The Manager Really needs To Think It Through A Lot More when hiring Young Teenagers...
The Baristas that have taken my orders could try harder to improve their customer service skills As Well... Anyways...
I Love Starbucks!!!
But have No choice but to stop here when I Am In the Area, but I recommend that If It Is possible For You, Pass on This Location....

The only thing bad about this place is that you have to get there way too early in the morning to avoid the long lines inside and in the Drive-thru...other than that excellent service...my favorite is the cheese danish with a skinny vanilla latte :)

Wow this location is packed the drive through was really long so I decided to go inside.
The line inside was long but that was ok.
The staff is very friendly.
I like the one based on the great customer service we need these guys and gals over at the Starbucks where I live.

Waited over 25 min in the drive thru because I had no choice (blocked in) after the cashier took an order from a guy on foot... Boo this place.
Disgrace to the Starbucks chain.

Worst Starbucks I've ever been too.
I went there in the evening and they had plenty of staff, but they seemed too busy talking to each other and complaining about the only person working, to pay attention to customers.
They wanted to cut her early so someone could take an extra 15 minute lunch.
That doesn't make sense.
I'm sure that poor girl could hear them talking about her because I could hear them in the lobby.
The woman next to me said, "I can't believe them.
" Then walked out.
If I wasn't already meeting someone there, I would have too.
Never again to that Starbucks!

Worst SB ever.
Wait time is too long.
Avoid this one.
Starbucks on 91st and Thomas, faster servixe.

Everytime I come here they mess up my drink...
The only I like about this location is the baked goods.
Never will I return again

