I was so pleased with Mesa Ped today.
My 9 year old daughter woke up fevering, complaining of ear and neck pain, etc.
I called Mesa Peds and they got us in right away, even as a new patient.
As soon as we arrived, we were greeted by a pleasant receptionist, given the standard forms and sat down.
I hadn't even finished filling the forms out before we were called back - not even 5 minutes.
Whoa, I think that's a first!
My only complaint would be that at this point, the nurse who checked my daughters vitals was very standoffish, and didn't comfort my daughter in the least as she was crying.
I told the nurse that she was nervous because she hasn't had to see a Dr in years and her only response was, "oh.
"  She didn't engage me or my daughter at all, in fact, she never even introduced herself or made eye contact.
Luckily our time with her was short!
We were brought into an examination room to wait for the Dr.  Again, not more than 2-3 minute wait.
Dr. Haley was kind, gentle, thorough and engaging.
She explained everything that she was going to do and then again as she was doing it.
She talked to my daughter, explained what was going on and talked to me about treatment.
Overall, it was a good experience.
I'm telling you, I can't think of the last time that I was in and out of ANY medical office that fast!

Dr Wong refused to give me an emergency script for my son's ADHD meds on a Saturday, after his psychiatrist screwed up mailing the script to me.
We (parents) were leaving town on business & didn't want to leave my son with caregivers while he was off his meds - cold turkey no less!
I offered to bring in his current empty bottle, to prove what dose he was on, etc.
She didn't call me back, and I finally got the receptionist to tell me that Dr Wong, "Wasn't comfortable with that.
" ?!?!
And guess what?
Son got distracted leaving school, forgot where he was supposed to go, & ended up going missing!
This screwed up our whole sales presentation that we had traveled to another state for, bc we had to cancel it mid-stream & go into emergency mode to try to find him from far away.
He could have DIED because of her negligence (he was found on the street, lost, several hours later, BTW).
And his new ped?
Told me that refusing a few days of emergency pills was CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE and that I should file a medical board complaint.
I also was overbilled by them, bc they forgot to bill our secondary insurance, and my hubby didn't know what the deal was and paid the $50 they demanded.
I never got that money back, BTW.

