I have dreamt about the chilaquiles for a year now.
This clean, casual spot is within walking distance from my friends house where I spent a couple of days last summer.
I walked in one day just because it is close and I love local Mexican joints.
The ambiance was pleasantly surprising and it is nicer inside than I had expected.
The food is classic taqueria fare with tortas, tacos, enchiladas and my beloved chilaquiles.
After several very good meals here I have thought about it for the past year while I was on the east coast.
Now I am back and it is as good as I remember.
Meals tend to run between $6 & $8 and there are lots of Mexican sodas to choose from for $2 or less.
The salsa and condiment bar has also been pretty consistent except there are only a few choices.

I LOVE the red chilaquiles, serves with a side of rice & beans, and topped off with a fried egg.
The green chilaquiles are also equally delicious.
Also a great place to find tacos, specially the "tripitas", which are very well cooked, crunchy, and in all of its yummy goodness.
Very delicious menudo, remedy for a killer hangover.
All though rather small but very clean (bathroom included), you walk in and feel right at home with its great service.

Totally random stop for lunch in some area of town that I had never been before, but it does appear to be in the lower income part of Phoenix.
Located in shady strip mall, I chose the random mexican over the random Chinese next door.
It turned out to be an excellent decision.
The food consumed here was a simple chicken burrito, which was $4.25 plus I added rice for an extra 75 cents.
The chicken was cooked nicely, shredded and all white meat (rare for divey Mexican) and packed into a large burrito with the rice, beans (refried), cilantro and onions.
A decent salsa bar was also available and the red sauce had a smoky flavor and the green wasn't watery either, but more a guac sauce.
Cucumbers, carrots and shredded cabbage also on hand if desired.
Some of my best burros in life have come from the worst looking places and areas and El Nuevo Taquito comes through in that respect.
Mexican music playing in the background is also always a comforting sign.

Not great

