Who knew that in downtown historic Glendale, there lived the most adorable little locally owned ice cream parlor called Papa Ed's?
I didn't... until today!
I made the thirty minute drive to Glendale from Old Town this afternoon for a meeting and was lucky enough to get a tour of some of the cutest businesses around town.
Papa Ed's was one of them...   My friend Danica walked me inside and introduced me Linda, the owner.
For those that aren't lucky enough to have their private tour guide like I was, Papa Ed's is tucked behind the Country Maiden house turned retail store (which happens to be yet another adorable Glendale business that I will review in due time as well).
Papa Ed's carries both Shamrock Farms and Dreyer's ice cream... it reminds me of a smaller, more local "Ben and Jerry's" kind of place.
It's bright, colorful and welcoming...
While I passed on getting an ice cream today, I did take advantage of their outdoor seating; you see, I had a conference call smack dab in the middle of the afternoon.
It was fun to see people go in and out with their ice cream treats.
There's also plenty of beautiful landscaping right outside their door.
Next visit to the area, I'll have to go for an ice cream from Papa Ed's... if you make it there before me, let me know what you think?

unless you hate ice cream and friendly people you will love Papa Ed's!
It's tucked away in Caitlin Court in downtown Glendale.
Walking towards the front you can't help but notice all the love and care that went into the garden and flowers - the flower bed still makes me smile!
Walking through the front door it's easy to forget where and when you are - the wood floors, Vintage coke machine and friendly staff all most made me forget why I was there... ICE CREAM.
good selection and great ice cream..   Now let's talk about ice cream pie... Papa Ed's makes to order (with advance notice) ice cream pies.
I love the Peanut butter cup with Oreo cookie crust.
The lemon and Raspberry sorbet swirl in a  graham cracker crust and my Holiday Favorite - Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream in a graham cracker crust!

I had heard about this place but could never find it.
It's tucked behind another shop and is very easily missed from the street.
I love the Old Town Glendale area and Papa Ed's Ice Cream fits in perfectly in the neighborhood.
Everything about Papa Ed's is charming and you can tell that a lot of love and care has been put into this ice cream shop.
I think it being tucked away behind another shop added to the charm.
It was nice to sit outside eating ice cream with two friends away from the hustle and bustle just a few feet away.
From the sidewalk until you step into Pap Ed's, the charm  really creates a lot of build up, I felt a bit let down when I saw the variety of ice cream offered.
While the ice cream was tasty, it was kinda of a disappointment that it was the same brand and mostly the same flavors that I can purchase in any grocery store.
I was hoping for some homemade ice cream or at least some unique  flavors or something to mix in like fruit or candy.
So close Papa Ed's!
So close!!
Still a positive rating though!

If you find yourself in downtown Glendale and have a hankering for some Ice Cream, this is the place to go.
It is right in the heart of things, in a wonderfully renovated little square of merchants.
As you walk down the long sidewalk to the entrance, with plenty of arrows and pictures of ice cream cones to guide your way, you will feel as though you are stepping back in time.
Once inside, you will be greeted by the extremely warm and hospitable staff.
The inside is a cute little shop offering about a dozen flavors of ice cream to choose from, as well as a few old-fashioned candies.
There are a few small tables inside, but there are plenty of other seating options and open space in the courtyard that surrounds this and the other neighboring shops.
The prices are extremely reasonable, so even if you are just walking by on your way to another destination, you can easily stop by and get your ice cream fix and be on your way to your destination in no time, without spending more than the spare change in your front pocket.

Great little place in Downtown historic glendale.
This is our hangout for ice cream especially in their garden.
It's very refreshing to see and feel like you are back in time .
No drama , no traffic, just friendly customers service and great ice cream.

Like another reveiwer said, i was hoping for some homemade icecream.
They offer a couple of brand ice creams and thats it.
Nothing special.
It is a really neat location in downtown Glendale and the lady is really nice.
I think they should atleast offer a few homemade ice cream options and see how it goes and weed out the brand stuff :-(

Wow!
I finally found an oasis in the desert.
A couple of scoops of the Papa Ed's hand scooped ice cream and the heat wasn't a problem anymore.
A great throwback for us who remember old fashion ice crem stores.
I must have spent an hour sitting while looking at all the pictures of the staff on the walls and reading about the charitable accomplishments the store owner has done with Glendale and the surrounding community.
We weren't familiar with the area since we were from out of town and so the owner was kind enough to talk to us about the local business and what to see.
What an enjoyable afternoon because the staff is so kind, the atmosphere is friendly and especially the ice cream was delicious.

My boyfriend stopped in here after lunch last week, it was a typical hot AZ summer day and we were both in the mood for something cool.
We love downtown Glendale and all the little shops so we decided to stop in for a cool treat.
Cute little shop, nice staff, good ice cream, what else can you ask for!

Papa Eds is a friendly local Ice cream shop that will treat you like family.
Located in a unique shopping are of Glendale with great little shops.
They have special treats and unique flavors for everyone, even special cones for littles ones!

I think this location is way cool and the atmosphere is from the 50's but the ice cream was just Dryers and Shamrock.
I was wishing it was homemade since it would fit the ambiance.
This is a small house behind another that have both been converted to businesses in downtown Glendale.
We went out of our way to support this business since we were at the Chocolate Affair and did not want to just give the money to a temporary vendor in the area.

Best hidden secret on the valley!
Nostalgia, sweet treats, fun flavors & a perfect garden to host kids parties.
Extra points cuz they're pet friendly :)

This is the cutest ice cream shop ever!
I love going in here and trying their new creations.
My husband and daughter also love the choices.
I think it is amazing that they are so creative.
Their newest edition-the fairy house out front is adorable and I think my daughter could have looked at it for hours!
Great scenery and amazing treats!

This place is adorable!!
From the quaint decor, painted ice cream path and friendly staff to the delicious ice cream...
This ace is totally worth going to!!
I love love love the cappuccino splatter ice cream and the pumpkin!!
Also with the check in deal- what more could we ask for?

I like being a tourist in my own city from time to time.
I think walking around the local downtown Glendale shops gives me that vavcation feel, especially on a comfotably warm day in February.
Papa Ed's had been on my bookmarked list of things to try for a while and this day just seemed so perfect to finally go for a visit.
The location is just so cute.
They have a small garden in the front yard of the house and the whole atmosphere is just very charming.
The ice cream itself was very tastey.
I think they only sell Shamrock Farms ice cream, which is although not made in house but is at least supporting another local business.

Let's just start with 75 cent kids cones and COOKIE ICE CREAM SANDWICHES!
Must try, especially when they have macaroons!
Papa Ed's puts you in a different mindset.
It is tucked behind another shop and has the most beautiful garden.
Sweet peas, Jasmine, Mint, Carrots...
So on and so forth.
Papa Ed's had added drinks, including Coffee, the BEST Iced Coffee, and loose leaf teas.
They have like 20 flavors.
They have 16 flavors of Ice Cream.
Half of the freezer is Karens Kreamery which is a local creamery that makes unique flavors like Monster Cookie, Cappuccino Splatter, Caramel Toffee Crunch!!
And the rest is a mix of Dreyer's/Shamrock Farms Classic Flavors.
Bring the kids.
Bring the family, and feel like you are at home.
Linda, the owner, is so sweet and she truly is what makes the shop feel so full of love and childhood!!
They also make homemade waffle cones/bowls.
Sugar Free/Fat Free/Gluten Free/Dairy Free Options which is awesome!

Really neat place hidden in the back of the 1920's bungalow called The Country Maiden  in the Catlin Court Historic District in downtown Glendale.
They have a nice selection of ice cream, and the courtyard is very relaxing.
Here is a couple of tips, They carry Karen's Kreamery ice cream and Frosty Paw frozen treats for your dog!
I never knew they were here, glad I found them on yelp!

This is one of the small business I been wanted to try and today is the day that I finally got the chance to, it's a house that had been converted to a business, the ice cream store is behind the house, it's a neat little place to hang out in a hot Arizona day, would be really awesome and busy in the summer time.
I'm really happy with the visit and looking forward to coming back soon.
But one thing is I thought since they are a small business they would make their own ice cream but it's shamrock which isn't bad either.
And you could also reserve for a party or a big group.

I have been here once but they are close and today I got opportunity to check them out, they're right at down town Glendale, can be easily missed because its a house but also a ice cream place which is located in the back of the house, Papa Ed's Ice Cream is a nice, cool and fun place to be, there are outdoor seats that is nicely shaded and cool which would be perfect for the summer time.
They also take party request like birthdays or group events.
The ice cream are very tasty which are from shamrock but the waffle corns are homemade which is the best.
I'll be back again and will bring my little cousins and family.

