If your looking to hire AZ Elite to manage your property, take the money you would pay them and flush it down the toilet -- you'll get the same results.
In short, regarding my property they were "managing" for a year and a half: - They were supposed to have the tenant sign a "no smoking" agreement -- they didn't.
- They were supposed to have the tenant disclose any pets -- they didn't.
- Apparently, they didn't have them sign a lease come renewal time, either -- just let it roll, baby!
- They seemingly let the tenant pay whatever they wanted for rent and would not respond to my inquiries about the matter.
But in all fairness, they weren't only neglecting me, their client -- they ignored the tenants, too, when they requested maintenance on the house.

they do not pay their billls coution if you're vendor do not trust this company they do not pay .

Very Unprofessional!
Absolutely the worst customer service in the business.
On several occasions Arizona Elite Properties only sent a partial payment from my tenant who has paid in full.
While the property manager receives his full commission even though it's based on a percentage of my income.
Huh?
Calling the office for answers is very, very painful as the office personnel are completely in the dark and know nothing.
Of course getting the property manager to call or email with explanations or updates is out of the question..
He just sits back and picks up his commission check.
That's all he does.

I believe this is the same Arizona Elite Property in Gilbert,  AZ.
This company is the shadiest,  most irresponsible company I've ever dealt with.
They made agreements with my tenant without checking with me or even imforming me, and although my tenant paid on time, they withheld my money for almost two months.
They deducted so many fees that I barely made any money on my first month's rent.
Literally dozens of calls and emails got me nothing,  until finally, the person managing my acct,  who clearly knew nothing about rental property mgmt, told me if I didn't like how they were doing we could end the contract early.
Thank God!
Having this company manage my house was a thousand times worse than doing it myself.
The owner/CEO, I don't know what he is,  Robert Kline never returned a single email or answered a single question or request despite the office people's assurance he would respond and make things right.
Use a neighborhood teen to manage your property before you is this company!

