I don't know what "WooHoo!
as Good as it Gets" is in the Sports Medicine field is and I'm not eager to find out.
I am definitely a fan here.
A friend of mine has had multiple surgeries among several valley hospitals and comes here for chronic pain treatment.
He says Desert Spine and Sports provide the most effective pain reduction treatment he's experienced.
When I brought him to an appointment, I noticed the many "Best of Phoenix" awards on the walls.
That carries a lot of weight with me because every time I find myself visiting a physician rated "Best of Phoenix" my health improves dramatically.
I ginked out a knee some years ago and just "walked it out.
"  When that knee pains me, it keeps me off mountains and trails.
I got my knee checked by Dr. Brad Sorosky for an evaluation and guidance.
He is a walking example of physical fitness.
The knee is OK, and I was referred to the least invasive, most useful treatment in this case, physical therapy.
Brought my wife in for her painful sports-related knee pain.
The last doctor she visited for this issue told her she had a bone spur and needed to do a lot of bike riding to wear it down.
Dr. Susan Sorosky evaluated her, finding no bone spur and suggested three level of treatment.
Physical therapy, injection of synovial fluid substitute, or knee replacement.

First of all, the receptionist is rude!
I thought maybe she was just having an off day, but after multiple visits it turns out shes just an incredibly rude person.
I went here with my doctors recommendation for lower back pain, and a four year old MRI.
Immediately the doctor sold me on an Epidural, and did not want to order an up to date MRI.
This was my first red flag.
But whatever, doctors know best right?
Second, I went in for my first ever procedure, and my mom flew all the way out to be with me during this time.
They REFUSED to let her be by my side in the waiting area.
Kept going on about HIPAA, yet the receptionist was clearly talking very loudly to people about their personal issues in the waiting area.
So basically, there were about 10 people in the waiting room, they bring them all back to the waiting area at once!
And boom, into the procedure room, one after another.
Like sheep getting castrated.
Third, they rush!
I was having an epidural, and first time they took their time and explained everything as they did it.
Second time I went, they were quite a bit behind on their schedule and RUSHED my epidural.
They didn't say a word to me, just did their thing very very quickly and this was the worst experience of my life.
They hit the nerve really hard, my leg jumped on the table.
I immediately went flush, got the chills and almost fainted.
Doctors chit chatting with the nurse about his "egg white delight" he got from McDonald and how it fits into his nutritional diet...  Fourth, they treat you as a number.
You are simply another method of revenue for these people.
They tried to charge me $80 for 1ml of Iodine?
Pretty sure I can get a couple ounces of Iodine from Walgreens for a few bucks.
Is this magical unicorn piss Iodine?
Why $80 for 1 ml, or 1cc... $10 for a single pair of latex gloves?
Are you serious?
After my procedure, I went to CA to be with my mom during my recovery.
They sent me to collections after 1 month... Not a phone call, nothing.
I simply flew back home, got the mail and BAM a collections notice.
I went down there in person and the receptionist said they could not do anything as its already in collections!
Fifth, Two epidurals in 5 months and my pain is already back...
It did subside for about 2 months, then came back gradually and the pain is 100% back after just 5 months.
So not only did I have to experience additional pain from them rushing, their assessment of the epidural lasting about a year was false.
I am now stuck with a medical collections account on my credit report because of a greedy doctors office.
Stay far far away, at the very least get a 2nd or 3rd recommendation.
And make sure your MRI is up to date, regardless of what they tell you.
A lot could of changed during that time.

