This store is one of very descent Joann fabric stores.
Since I'm a quilter I wish they carry more cotton fabrics.
One thing bothers me is some of sales associates still cut fabrics short.
Also I bought some remnants yesterday and measurements was 1 inch more than actual length, it's not a lot to return or get refund though.................
So far I'm happy to shop there.

Customer service can occasionally leave a little to be desired but usually everyone is wonderful.
I find the best times to go is when there is a great sale, so stay tuned for coupons and ads because you can really save a bunch.
Fabric department is generally pretty knowledgeable and able to help with questions.

Sadly when I reviewed before and said generally the employees were nice is no longer true.
In fact while having fabric cut today, we went a head and took the rest of the bolt, I had to ask about the normal 50% discount and was told I hadn't asked for the fabric correctly.
I apparently have to pretend I want less and then let them throw on the extra...Very odd.
In my opinion if the bolt ends I get the discount simple as that.
The one women cutting fabric also spent a good 15 minutes chatting with the customer in front of us (a regular it seemed) while we stood and waited.
I really wish we had more fabric options out here.

Friendly staff.
Exteremly helpful!
All craft stores (AHEM MICHAELS @ TMP), should have employees like this place does!
Left with everything I needed for my baby shower favors, AND beading materials to fix my two lanyards.

I went to Jo-Ann yesterday in hopes of finding a nice lace trim for my wedding invitations.
There was a good selection to choose from, but they didn't have the quantity that I needed.
Whitney, a sales associate in the cutting department, helped me to place a special order for the remaining lace trim that I needed.
The deal on the lace trim was already good, but to make it even better, Whitney went out of her way to let me know that I could download an app on my phone to access the current coupons that Joa-Ann had for the week.
Whitney saved me 40% on my lace!
The staff was very friendly--I wish I would have gone to Jo-Ann sooner!

It is a miss or hit for help from the employees.

I don't typically shop for fabric, that's something my wife does but I happen to need some material to upholster and after looking around online found out JoAnns had it.
I was surprised to see how many options they have and for what I needed the quality and selection were good.
I would say that the staffing was limited and the cashier wasn't very friendly but since I'm used to shopping at hardware stores it was pretty normal.
I would imagine the level of service I got wouldn't satisfy their typical customer base.

