Puppyland is so over priced!!
They nickel and dime you the whole way.
Forget about rescheduling an appointment.
Even if you are a VIP, they will kick you off of their discount grooming program for one cancellation.
VIP must mean "very irritated person" to them.
So you will have to pay full price again.
And by the way, their discounted price is about the regular going rate.
Just because you live out by Florance or Copper Basin, do not think that they are the only groomers.
Try A Cut Above.
They are super nice and do a much better job.
And you don't have to be a VIP to be treated as one.
And they cost the same.
I will not set foot in Puppyland again.

Only been there once, but they clipped my dogs nails for $7.
I usually pay $10 at Petco, very friendly.
My little dog who usually hates other people went with her without freaking out..
Bonus points..
I will take my dog back there in the future.
Cheaper and closer..

Puppy Land is walking distance from where I live so, when I was fresh to the Valley, I took my two dogs there for a nail trim.
I was absolutely appalled at their manner of handling things.
I waited a good 5 solid minutes to be waited on, as nobody was at the counter.
Once I was seen, I went through far too much paperwork for a simple nail trim.
Then my dogs were weighed and I was told my cost would be based on their weight.
For.
Nail.
Trim.
Now, I get doing this for standard grooming but for a nail trim?
It was outrageous!
I paid nearly $30 to trim their nails!
It took them a grand total of 3 minutes to trim my dogs' nails )I've always gotten compliments as to how well behaved my dogs are during nail trims and pride myself on it), so the longest time I spent there was filling out paperwork and weighing my dogs.
But GETTING to the trim was annoying.
It's also annoying that nail trims are by weight when you spend equal amounts of time on other dogs.
I ended up finding a private groomer through my neighbors who does it for $5/dog, the way it should be.
Also, they sell puppies here and I'm not a fan of puppy selling, especially when they likely came from a puppy mill.

I have been taking my little dog to Puppy Land for some time and never had a complaint about her behavior.
The last time I took her in, they called me at work  and said that she was nipping and biting.
And in order for them to finish working on her they would have to use a mussel.
They said she was hold her one leg up and didn't want them to touch it.
as I said I was at work and very busy.
I knew her left rear knee would lockup now and again.
Since the girl there didn't tell me witch leg it was, I assumed this was what she was talking about.
I told her " if it was her left leg not to worry about it she wasn't in pain and it would unlock".
She said she needed a release signed to be able to finish grooming.
I thought she she was talking about a release to mussel her.
Since my husband was closer than I was I called him.
I told him the dogs knee was locking up again and she almost done so run in to sign the release so they could use a mussel to finish, so he did.
Well, when we went to pick her up, to my horror!
She was in server pain and it was her right rear hip that had been DISLOCATED!
The girl there told me she didn't know how it happen.
That she she was working right next to the table she was on and nothing had happen.
I told her the dog had walk in fine and now she was seriously injured, so how did she explain it.
She just said they didn't do it.
The owner called me and said his girls didn't lie.
That my dog had a "bad doggie day" and injured herself.
REALLY!!!
And He had a signed release and didn't think he need to pay anything.
So far the cost of being trusting and yes stupid on my part.has been $2400.00 + and an innocent little dog who was dropped or had her leg pulled so hard it dislocated her hip.
If you know anyone that uses this place, I wonder what horror stories their dog would tell them if they could talk.

