The guys here are great and easy to get along with.
They do offer shoe shines, mustache and beard trims.
They are the best and most professional barbers I've been to since moving here to Arizona and I have been to a lot of them.

This place beats the heck out of.... well anywhere!
The interior is dark wood and there is also a hint of cigars in the air ( from the tobacco shop next door).
Beard trims, shoe shines and straight razor shaves are offered here as well.
I took my 13 year old son here to get a real haircut.
He had a great time.
I think he earned about 20 man points on his man card.
The barbers are great and did exactly what he wanted.
This place is located right behind Bass Pro Shops.
Come here and get your cut and then go to Bass to get your fill of all things man!
In the immortal words of Tim Allen OH OH OH OH OH!
Only Negative is the hours of business.
They close by 6 or 7 pm depending on the day, and closed on Sunday.

First off great haircut, comes with a neck shave and a brief massage.
Other positives are having plenty of barbers on hand and tv's right n front for those not wanting to socialize.
Can't argue with that for 18 bucks.
They were busy so understandably there was hair on the floor which i thought could have been cleaner.
Overall a fantastic cut, great looking shop and good experience.
Tip: Located by Toby Keith's bar, not the spot on shown on the map.

It took me a long time to try this place, but I finally did and I was very pleased.
The prices are a little on the high side, but for the attention that you get, it is worth it.
I bought the complete package (haircut, shave, facial, etc) the first time I went in and I was very pleased when I walked out.
I have been back several times and will continue to keep going.

Great haircut all the way around, but the shave hurt like hell and left me with ingrown hairs eek!
I'd always come back for a cut but never a shave.
The prices are a little higher then what I'm use to, but it's worth it.

Give your vision of how you want your hair to look, and let the barber do the rest.
End result is exactly what you pictured.
Finally found a barber shop!

They do a awesome job.
Hair cut and beard trim for a great price.
You choose what you want to watch while you get cut and off you go.
Great place.

