I've been going to Brakemaster for an oil change eversince my first car in hs.
In the past what attracted me to this place are the coupons available in the coupon clippings section in the Sunday paper.
The coupon is for $19.95 with tire rotation and brake check or something.
Maybe because of habit, I still go to Brakemasters sans coupon since I ask for synthetic oil for my oil change, I am able to go without an oil change up to 10k miles with synthetic compared to 5k with regular.
What I like about this location is that it's not as busy in comparison to its location on dobson.
PIus it's newer.
So it's a short wait, a larger garage, and, why i really like Brakemasters is its free wi-fi.
So no need to wait for oil change skimming through magazines, now I can still be connected to the world, either on yelp or facebook... YAY!
I usually go for the deluxe oil change package that is, they top off and replace all fluids, check, and rotate my tires, and do my oil change.
Brakemasters also repairs cars and does ac cleanings and the sort.
Not once have I had a problem with my cars when they've done work on it.
So, if you see a brakemasters and need an oil change, you should stop by!

These guys seem reputable, and they had the best price for an oil change/tire rotation package I could find.
They detailed some work which needed to be done to my braking system.
I'll take it to another brake shop to verify their suggestions.

My experience with all mechanics/brake shops/dealer service centers has always been that you go in for 1 thing and by the end of the day you've practically upgraded the whole car!
That is not the case with this Brake Masters.
I went in for what I thought would be a simple fix and it was.
I was pleased to get the phone call that everything looked great except the thing I came in for.
They fixed the brakes properly, quickly and didn't try to upsell me anything!
It was a great experience and I will return in the future.

In a pinch, I came here because my ABS light was on.
I was heading up north and wanted to make sure everything was functioning properly so I wouldn't have any problems on my trip.
I dropped off my car at 2:00 p.m. and told them I was bringing it in because of my ABS light.
They said they would call me when they figured out the problem.
Luckily, there are some shops close by so I just walked around and waited.
By 4:45 p.m.
I hadn't heard back from them but they had told me they closed at 5:30 so I walked back.
As I approached the business I could see that my car was already done.
I walked inside and got my wallet out to pay and the guy told me there was no charge because they couldn't figure out what was wrong with my car.
I told him the ABS light was on, that's why I brought it in to them.
He said "Oh, yeah, but we'd have to run a diagnostic test to figure out why that's on and we don't have enough time for that because we are about to close.
"  I couldn't believe what I was hearing; I knew they'd never pull a stunt like this with a man.
It got ugly after that, I'm not proud of the way I behaved, spitting may have been involved.
One star is way too kind, I wish there was a blacklist option.

My husband took my car in to Brake Masters a few Saturday's ago due to my AC blowing cool, not cold, air.
Seemed like a pretty simple fix- add some coolant and we'll be on our way.
They were convenient because they are open on Saturdays and don't require an appointment.
He dropped the car off so they could analyze the issue and would call us later with the diagnosis.
They called with the coolant suggestion, but then started going on about how it could be the compressor but they wouldn't  immediately know, they'd put dye in the coolant and we were to bring the car back in a week so they could see if it was leaking, etc.
Red flags went up in my mind, but he thought they were just covering all bases up front.
Ok... just add the coolant and we'll deal with the compressor later if that's the real problem, maybe next summer since it's finally cooling off here in the desert.
Now, I am not saying they intentionally tried to take advantage of us, but you be the judge...  My husband takes me to pick up my car later that afternoon and I set off for the 20 minute ride home.
Immediately, I notice its blowing hot air- heater hot, not it just needs to cool off from sitting in the sun hot, and the compressor is "struggling"- the fan is cutting on and off, on and off, over and over.
We pull in the garage and I call my husband over to hear the compressor and feel the air.
He agrees something definitely isn't right so we drive back up to Brake Masters (another 20 minutes, which by then is brutally hot) and I tell the guy about the new issues and, he immediately dismisses me, tells me it's the compressor, and will be $1200 to fix.
I ask how it's possible my car is now worse than it was when it was brought in and he gives some excuse of how there could have been a restriction (my technical terms are lacking as I am not a mechanic but you get the picture) or something that got forced through when they added the coolant making the real issue more apparent.
He was so unapologetic, and kind of seemed to blame me for a lack of service in my car (I just bought the car a year ago).
I asked if he could do it that day and lucky for me, he didn't have the compressor kit in stock but could do it Monday.
My husband's and my work schedules didn't permit bringing my car back on Monday and the mechanic's attitude made me so mad I vowed to have anyone but him put a new compressor in my car.
I went straight home and emailed a few shops I found online with good reviews (closed by then on Saturday) and decided which ever one called me first on Monday would get my business.
The ending to this saga- I tell the new shop I need a new compressor- they tell me they will be the judge of that and my car may just need coolant.
OK, whatever....
They call me later and ask if I had recently had coolant added to my car because it seemed that the issue was my car had too much added which can cause a compressor to do what mine was doing.
I tell them the whole story, they go back to see if the added dye from Brake Masters uncovered any issues but call me again with the good news that my car was fine, they fixed the coolant problem and my compressor works perfectly.
I guess in Brake Masters defense, my husband said they were short staffed that day, and maybe they weren't monitoring the coolant so it could have been an accident they added too much.
What I also know though, without a doubt, is they would have installed the compressor kit without a second thought and charged me $1200 for a problem they created.
I will not take my car back there, they may be fine for oil changes and hopefully brakes as their name states, but I'll take my chances with the proven honest mechanic I happened upon because of this fiasco.

I personally installed some new struts on my wife's HHR and needed to get it aligned afterwards.
I looked online and found a coupon for $59 alignment and oil change.
They deducted $15 for the oil change since it was just done.
$45 alignment, good clean work, no upsell on garbage that I didn't need.
Pretty happy all in all.
Nice guys, quick turn around.
UPDATE: I brought my FJ in this last week 2/12/13, I had personally installed some new front struts on it as well, same deal, they aligned it, did a great job, no upsell garbage.
It runs straight, no greasey hand prints on anything and I couldn't be happier.
Great place to go.

I took my car in to get my brakes checked.
I ended up getting new front brake pads and new front rotors for my car.
(Probably just needed new pads and not rotors)  After driving it home, I noticed that it just didn't feel right and thought to myself that it must be because it was new.
The next day when I drove the car, i started hearing scratching noise every time i pressed on the brakes.
It was really bad and I thought my brakes were going to fail.
I was going to to take it back to Brake Master but they were closed on Sundays so I took it to another shop that was opened.
It turned out that Brake Master forgot to screw in the bolt in the back of one of the calipers and that was the reason for the noise.
Basically the caliper was hanging and rubbing the inside of the wheels.
My right wheel is now damaged from the caliper rubbing.
I got a new bolt which fixed the issue.
I took the car back to Brake Master and explained to them what happened.
The manager offered to pay for the bill from the other shop and a free oil change.
The damage on the wheel was not noticeable unless you look closely.
Thanks goodness I brought it in right away to get the issue fixed.
I would not recommend this place for the horrible experience I had.
Thank goodness no one got hurt from this brake job.
This was the first and probably the last time I will come back to any Brake Master.
If your name is called "Brake Master" wouldn't it be the service that your perform the best at?
Forgetting to put on a bolt on the caliper is inexcusable especially because the caliper is so important to the brake's functionality.
I will try to spam all social media about my bad experience at Brake Master.

I always get my oil changed at this Brake Masters.
As others have pointed out, no upsell, honest mechanics and a clean facility.
The last time I went in for my oil change,  I needed a new cabin filter and the guys even told me that it would be way cheaper to go to autozone and do it myself, then proceeded to show me where it was so I could do it when I got home.
Not very common in the repair industry.

NO is the simple word to this team of fools that do really shitty work.
No No never again that simple.
They totally screwed me.
Good bye.
Brakes are making soo many noises after a new brake job and they never fixed the AC either.
Do NOT GO HERE!

I decided last minute to join a friend in Vegas this weekend and since it's last minute I'm driving.
My car has a slight oil leak that I needed to have checked out, but today I just time for a quick oil change.
I explained my situation and they recommended an appointment and express oil change.
$20 for the oil change WITHOUT A COUPON.
For the price alone I'd return, but they did so much better.
I had been to Brake Masters before, but never this location.
David was working at the front desk.
He was very polite, was working the entire time (not the case at other quick lube places), and even shook my hand.
They did the job in less than the promised 30 minutes and had me out of there in time.
No up sell, no pressure.
I'm excited to bring my car back to fix the oil leak and I'll update review then.

This place is awesome.
I've been taking my car here for about 1.5 years.
They never try to upsell me - even when I ask about potential needs my car may have.
They're just honest.
They always remember me and my car when I come in as well.
I feel very comfortable and would definitely recommend them!

POOR SERVICE!!!
DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!
THE PEOPLE BEHIND THE COUNTER WERE RUDE!
THEY EVEN TRIED TO QUESTION THE COSTS ON REPAIRS WHEN USING COMPETITORS COUPONS, EVEN OVER-CHARGING ME (until I had to point out their error).
I found better prices (without coupons) that they had to take (the co. website advertises), as well as, addt'l coupons.
They questioned everything I brought in and was rude during the process.
I was also never called when dropping-off my car at noon that they needed to keep it for another day.
I directly informed the counter person that I needed it by the end of the day.
I called them at 5:30 (at closing) to get an update & was told that they had to complete the work the next day.
When I brought in my car I told them what I wanted done & they asked me about my brakes.
If I wanted my brakes looked at I would have addressed it!
They didn't fix my air conditioner either (like another reviewer commented), and will not go back because they will probably try to up-sell me on fixing something that's not broken!
I wish I would have read the reviews before even going to this place...but now I know!

