Look for coupons in the mail to get the spa pedicure with hot stone massage for $20 (regularly $25) and other deals.
20% off for groups of 4 or more people after 5 p.m.  $5 add-on for design work on your big toes.
Friendly, quick service.
I walked in on a Sunday at about 3:30 (they close at 5) and was helped right away.
Nice massage chairs, big TVs.

This place is right next to my gym so I tried it out for convenience sake.
I love when these nail salons have nice décor and big comfy pedi chairs.
But I know that doesn't necessarily mean you're going to get a good pedi.
However, Solare is nicely decorated and has top of the line pedi chairs with all the bells and whistles.
I was pleased to see they used a new tub liner for each pedicure to maintain sanitary conditions.
Also, tools were packaged up and fresh out of the sterilizer or autoclave.
It's such a great feeling of comfort when I see the salon is putting forth a huge effort to sanitize.
My pedicure was great.
Days later it's still holding up well.
I wanted a unique design on my toes and when I explained what I wanted she immediately told me how much extra it would cost.
That's never happened before!
Usually I get informed of extra charges when I pay.
All in all it was a great experience and I will be back.

I have been going to Solare nails for a few years and I am very pleased with the care and service I have received there.
There are A LOT of nail salons in this area but Solare Nails offers more to the consumer.
The salon is extremely clean and well kept.
They always have the most state of the art pedicure chairs and you rarely if every have to wait to be serviced.
I was recently in San Diego on business and needed to have a pedicure.
I went to a salon and I was SO disappointed!
I guess it's  because I am accustomed the high quality of service and care I receive from Solare Nails.
Their prices are fair and competitive for the area.
I give Solare Nails my highest recommendation.

Best pedicure massage chairs ever!

My favorite!
I love that they use plastic protectors for the pedicure tubs.
I love the massage chairs.
The staff is always friendly & welcoming.
My pedicure lasts & lasts.
Mona is the best!

This was my first visit and I checked online first for the best reviews by Val vista rd and I figured I was safe here.
Unfortunately it's another place with bad English and no one was listening to me when I said I wanted a shellac manicure.
I said it when I came in, I said it sitting down with the lady, and then I said it again when they told me to pick out a nail polish.
Of course they nodded and said yes, yes shellac!
They were all opi's and I knew something was wrong because they were no shellacking nail polishes up front so I figured they must have a different process (or I was hoping that).
What did they do?
They painted my nails with the nail polish, clear coated, and then stuck me under the uv lamp.
$15 for a job I didn't want and now the tips are chipping two days later.
I've only given them another star because the other lady did a really nice job on my friends nails.
Obviously I would never come here for a shellac finish.
A white tip manicure...possibly.

Wow.
This place is a waste.
First of all the lady was talking to some other worker the whole time barely giving me a massage, secondly when she was ready to paint, I looked at my toes and she didn't even clean under them.
Hello????
It's like she was half zombie.
Never again!!
Go to QV nails, Kelly is awesome!

This was my first time here and it will be my last.
I came here with a damaged nail on my big toe.
I'd been told by everyone before this that I'd hurt it & it would heal.
Here they had someone come over to tell me it was a fungus.
They then started talking in Vietnamese & started snickering & laughing.
This went on for a good 5 min before I looked up & caught one of them by the eyes.
If by the small chance it was not about me, I still find it incredibly rude & tacky to speak in another language the whole time your being paid to service your clients.
I also found it gross that she washed the tools used to remove calluses in the water my feet were still in.
I would never recommend this salon.

Bluntly put, this place is a joke!
Now to explain:  My best friend and I went to this spa last week and were told to pick our colors for pedicures and get in the chairs.
We did that and waited, and waited, and waited some more.
15+ minutes later - sitting with our feet in cold water - two ladies finally come over to do our pedicures.
I don't mind waiting, but communicate to us there is a wait.
Communication is nonexistent with the technicians if you are  a client.
Oh, they'll talk to each other in Vietnamese, cackle loudly, and blatantly point at your feet while doing so.
This happened twice during our visit.
Ridiculous and rude.
My technician spoke essentially NO English besides the words: Euro, Callus, and Scrub.
After she shoved a brochure at me, I said I wanted the spa pedicure.
She says "callus?
" which I took to mean, did I want a callus removal.
No, I said, just the spa treatment.
Over the next twenty minutes when taking a break from talking to her coworker and laughing while pointing at my toes, she continued to say "callus?
" and "scrub?
" and "euro?
" (euro is the next step up from spa and costs $10 more).
Each time I said clearly, NO, just the spa.
Finally I just said, OK, euro to shut up her one word questions to me.
Talk about badgering your customers!
The pedicure itself was OK, nothing special.
When we left, my friend and I looked at each other and agreed that we'd never be back.

