CAUTION---In spite of the similar name, they are NOT the American Cancer Society.
They called me tonight seeking a donation, and when I interrupted the fast-talking womans script to ask how much money goes to fund-raising expenses, she answered it was an 85%/15% split.
She paused right there, and asked if "These special women can count on me"; so I asked my follow up question.
And I learned that 85% is the share that goes to pay for admin and fundraising, and only 15% goes to "These special women".
Like any charity, they are required to file a 990c form with the IRS and it shows that they had revenue of 48.5 million dollars.
I looked at part IX, line 2 and saw that they only provided 1.6 million dollars to grants to recipients in the USA.

All of the various cancer charities run by the Reynolds family are SCAMS.
They pay themselves a fortune and give $0.02 for each dollar raised to people suffering from cancer.
STAY AWAY!!!!!!

They collected over $50M in donations last year, spent 25% of expenses, gave $1.6M to US cancer patients, and sent $39M overseas to various offshore accounts in the form of "medical supplies".
They've been doing this for 5 years.
Shameful!

Do not give any support to these scam artists.
Check with the Better business bureau or CNN coverage.
The family that operates this refuses to do any interviews or answer questions clearly ( what legitimate charity would do that?
), hire telemarketers to cold call people to ask for donations with lies about what their money goes to, and tax records show that provide little to charity while the top "employees" at the company earn over $200, 000.
They are really scum.

This place is the pits they keep calling me after being told that I was not intrested in donating to there company and after reading the reviews i'm glad that i did'nt

These people are at it again.
Seems like they kept a low profile for awhile and now they are back calling thinking we all forgot about the reports on CNN.
The phone number is 925 271-2244.
The only thing to do is block the phone # since they are a so-called charity.

