I've been coming here for pedicures for while now, and never experienced a problem.
They are clean, professional, and do a thorough job of scrubbing away the callouses on my yeti feet.
Andy can be pretty funny if you mess with him, but they don't try to force conversation.
I like that I can just sit back in the massage chair and watch some Storage Wars (it's somehow always on!
) or play games on my phone while I wait for the transformation to my new, soft, baby feet.

When I have "nails" I come here for my nail work.
All of the employees are nice-very talented and friendly.
While Monica is the main nail "artist" there is a newer employee who also does nail art-over and above the regular gels or polish.
Both are quite talented (although I have to admit, I'm more familiar with Monica's work-and it's fantastic!
)  They have a very clean shop, Andy is super nice and professional.
They are always willing to fix one of my claws when I make a mess of something.
Prices are great as well for manis, pedis and waxing.
I find it to be a neighborhood gem!

I went to Nails by Andy for my first manicure in many years.
A coworker always has beautiful nails and I found it was time to treat myself.
I made an appointment which was a good idea because the place is busy.
Upon arrival I was given a basket with nail polish samples and was told to pick my color.
After a small but tolerable wait my friend and I were led to our manicure table.
Monica did a great job of multitasking between myself and my friend until her coworker could come and finish the polish on my friend.
I did a fun St. Patricks themed Green polish with a gold accent nail with Gel polish and they look great.
I love that the Gel polish was almost immediately dry when the manicure was over.
The pricing was very affordable as well.
$25 for manicure and $15 for a polish change on a gel manicure.
I plan to go back and test out the pedicure as well.

I really liked this place.
They were able to make my toe nail that was injured look normal again.
They also throw in a neck massage!

Went to this place today as a walk in and I totally loved it.
The place is very clean and everyone is really friendly.
I got a pedicure and a full set of acrylic nails.
My pedi was awesome she gave me a spa pedicure so I got a massage that was at least 15 minutes long both on my legs and my upper back and shoulders.
Really nice French tip on my toes.
My nails are really nice they totally got the shape I wanted and were able to give me a design based off the picture I showed them.
Overall I'm super happy and would recommend this place.

I came here 2 weeks ago for the second time.
PROS:  - attentive, will continually look at the reference you have for nails - better communication than the average nail place - clean, even, and precise nail art - they are never too harsh on your nails, such as pressing/filing the sides down too hard or accidentally breaking skin/nail - even if they do it fast, the nails come out beautiful - quality service for price - tv is always on if you space out - they've always made sure you leave when you feel your nails are dry  - will take walk-ins, little waiting time during the mornings  CON: - a little dusty on the tables

