Affordable haircuts for kids and adults.
The stylists are great and are familiar with the latest teen cuts- which my teen son and preteen daughter appreciates!
I recommend you get an appointment or call ahead if you are in a rush, as they sometimes can get busy, due to their  great service and and happy kids that enjoy the games and fun waiting area.
I highly recommend.

First, let me start off by saying my toddler DETESTS hair cuts.
He kicks, screams, cries and swears we're dragging him into a live horror film in action.
I've had to sit him on my lap while I sit in the barber chair myself acting as a human strait jacket, unsure of why I didn't just let him grow those Bob Marley dreads and avoided this altogether.
That being said, we've tried ALL of the "kid" haircut salons where they offered movies, video games, bubbles, other kids, a vast selection of candy..... and he didn't give a hoot.
He still wanted out, stat.
At the end of each ordeal, we were left with a horrible haircut (because he wouldn't stop moving) and having to shell out about $30 for something that everyone politely stared and smirked at afterwards.
:-/  Let me tell you, I was relieved, grateful and shocked that I found this place.
What originally lured me in was the low price - around $12, almost half of what their competitors were asking.
I thought, "Well, if I'm going to end up with the same botchy cut, I might as well pay less for it".
The stylist we got was Rosa.
She was/is AMAZING!
Simply the nicest person who has cut his hair so far, with sooo much patience and understanding of his fears.
She never rolled her eyes or demonstrated any intolerance as other places had.
She talked to him softly, showed  him all the tools - clippers, combs.
Don't get me wrong, it wasn't an instant miracle.
The first time there, he was still going bezerk.
But the experience overall was much better.
We've been there four times now, and he finally sits in the race car barber chair and only puts up a minimal fight.
The other stylists there are also very friendly each time we're there.
And there seem to always be other people coming in, so making an appointment beforehand is definitely advised.
Also, Rosa has been able to cut all the modern styles - traditional fade, eurohawk, mohawk, you name it.
It's always resulted in exactly what we wanted/described to her.
She even makes suggestions on how it would look better and how to style it.
While the overall look of the salon is not as commercial and put together as the big, well-known chains of children salons, I don't mind one bit when I can get this kind of service and my kid is happy.

Friendliest staff and my 5 year old son thinks its so cool to play video games while getting his hair cut!
And my 1 year son loves to "drive" will getting a trim!

I took my two daughters here to fix a scissors incident and they were wonderful.
They took their time and explained how they were cutting the hair to hide as much of the short patches as possible.
I was extremely happy with the outcome and I will definitely be back

I took my two daughters here to fix a scissors incident and they were wonderful.
They took their time and explained how they were cutting the hair to hide as much of the short patches as possible.
I was extremely happy with the outcome and I will definitely be back.

In a quiet shopping center, and really close to home.. the price is very affordable, (about $13-14) for a regular cut is what we got.There is plenty of toys and games kids can play with..  (movies in VHS??
), haven't seen that in a while.
Staff was accommodating in appointments, however they nicked my son's head when they gave him a buzz cut.
Otherwise, a fun place for kids.

Took my 27 month old boy for his first haircut.
They did a wonderful job, Rosa was great.
I was nervous about how they would be able to handle a very squirmy/active 2 yr and worried about him screaming and fighting the whole time.
No need to worry, Rosa was a pro, she put him in the racecar seat, put on his  favorite movie, Cars, and showed/let him touch every tool she used on him.
She did a great job of keeping him distracted, and wow, is she a fast cutter.
Oh, and his hair looks good, too.

