I had heard some good things about this place for sometime and wanted to try it out.
My girlfriend and I went here on a Wednesday night.
The ambience is nice when you walk in.
Has a nice water feature in the middle of the restaurant.
We noticed the place was absolutely dead.
There was one other couple there at 8pm.
We wondered why it was so empty.
We would find out once we started eating.
We started with the sugar cane shrimp which was pretty good.
It was unique.
For entrees we ordered Pad Thai and Pad Panang Neau Gai.
The entrees were just horrible!
I love Pad Thai and eat it any chance I get.
Their version of Pad Thai had some horrific flavoring, honestly tasted like Chef Boy R De sauce was used.
The Pad Panang dish was just a trainwreck!
It had chicken, peppers, coconut milk sauce and some kind of spice..It seriously tasted like the smell of dish detergent.
My girlfriend and I love Thai food, but this had to be one of the worst meals we both have ever had.
The server didn't seem to care although she did take the trainwreck dish off our bill.
We left as soon as we could.
No wonder why this place was empty.

Our restaurant rotation has gotten to big, I think.
Since we eat at 4 -5 different Chinese places we have not visited J Chen for several months.
I had an odd day off and we stopped for lunch while shopping nearby.
We arrived early and had our pick of tables, services was quick and we soon were each enjoying a lunch combination.
My shrimp in lobster sauce was very good and her pan fried noodles was excellent.
Comes with 2 fried won tons, egg roll and soup.
As the lunch hour came nearer, the place got full, and the takeout business was busy.
Went back a week later for dinner, Kung Pao Shrimp and and Walnut Chicken, also very good.
Dinner take out was busy.
If you are out this way shopping or live nearby this is a great place for a quick tasty meal.

I'm really surprised to have found a quality chinese restaurant this far north.
J. Chen is right down the street from my girlfriend's parents and we all had dinner here last night.
The place is set up pretty nice for a little chinese restaurant in the middle of a random little shopping center.
A nice water structure at the entrance.
All the tables had some nice little decorations.
There is a bar off to the side with a huge TV which could be a little distracting, but it had the Bulls game on, so I wouldn't complain.
The only thing that is odd is the view of the front of restaurant.
It's a little too open for a chinese restaurant, and I could see as the takeout people took orders, and every person who came in and out to get their food.
Pretty distracting to me, but this probably isn't a problem for most people.
J. Chen also has a pretty good looking menu, with pretty much all the standards you'd expect from a Chinese restaurant.
We had the Orange Beef.
It was excellent.
The beef was crispy, and the sauce was very flavorful.
Chicken and Broccoli.
Light and delicious.
Not over sauced.
Sesame Chicken.
Well fried and not too over sauced like most chinese places will do with this dish.
Only a hint of syrup which had me craving more instead of being overindulged in sweetness.
Kung Pow Beef.
While the beef and the vegetables were cooked perfectly, I was disappointed at the lack of heat in this dish.
Kung Pow is typically spicy.
The menu says it's spicy.
We only found two chilies in the entire plate.
No heat.
Another thing to point out is the tea.
The hot tea at J. Chen has a wonderful light citrus flavor making it so much more tasteful than most places.
Loved it.

Great for a quick bite.
Food is fresh, bar is stocked.
Device feels family owned.

I have visited J Chen more than a dozen times, mostly take-out.
I've always enjoyed the food.
The Szechuan Beef is particularly good.
Big portions, too.

Yikes I have visited this place 3-4 times in hope of finding a dish that I will like, but I am very disappointed.
Its neither authentic nor fusion nor tasty chinese/thai food.
The chicken in most dishes tastes like it has been inserted in after the main ingredients were cooked, sort of bland.
The ambiance seemed all right, but the food is challenging.

I saw Joe Z. review and had to write.
Our family loves J chens, it is dead inside the restaurant most week nights.
They do most of their business as take out, which is always very busy every night of the week.
But he was wrong about the food!
It is seriously some of the best Chinese I've had, and I've eaten in many states (including California and new york, Washington dc) and this is some of the best.
Its fresh and the sauces are great.
My advice is stick with the Chinese dishes.
Joe is right the pad thai is not great.
It just simply isn't their thing.
Do the Chinese and you will not be disappointed!

This restaurant is a nice surprise.
We have been looking for good Chinese in North Scottsdale for some time.
We happened upon J Chen yesterday and decided to give it a try.
The decor is a bit tiki hut meets Chinese restaurant meets collectibles but in a good way.
The restaurant is casual, warm and inviting.
The food was great.
We had Happy Family and Beef Chow Fun.
The sauces were not too heavy, the vegetables were cooked but not mushy and they had a good amount of meat in both dishes.
I wish they had not put the celery in the Happy Family but what can you say.
The food was good enough that I went back the next day and got an order of Mu Shu Pork to go.
The portions are large.
The service is helpful and efficient.
Without a doubt this will become a weekly stop on our restaurant rounds.

We choose this place off of Yelp reviews and they were accurate.
We found the place to be friendly, clean, inviting, reasonable at lunch, and the food was delicious.
I would definitely return here again and would like to try it for dinner.

The staff is friendly and the take out service is very quick.

My kids love getting takeout from J Chen.
Service is VERY fast (like 10 minutes to pickup), and the food and service is consistent like mentioned by Ryan C. It's pretty dead as a restaurant goes, but I do see a lot of people coming in for take out....
I'm assuming that is where most of their business comes from.
I think the prices are a bit high for Chinese takeout - usually we get one dish for the kids to split and it runs about $11.
A welcome option for Tatum Ranch, which has very slim restaurant pickings!

Love love love this place!
A really really good Chinese place to eat at!
Not really popular and kind of hidden from the road to see but it is truly amazing!
The portions are huge but worth all the eating and the chicken teryaki is amazing and the sauce it comes with is beyond good.
i really would love to eat inside to see what it looks like and definitely to try more things here!

Chicago snowbird turned us on to this restaurant in our own town.
We did takeout and it was great.
Excellent variety on the menu.
I had sweet and sour shrimp with pork fried rice.
My husband had Szechwan Beef (he likes spicy food, so he even ordered more hot stuff on the side.
)  All was fresh and tasty.
We will put this on our list of regular dining favorites.

I placed an order for takeout-- Thai duck was VERY tough and grisly, shrimp with vegetables bland, and sweet and sour chicken unremarkable in all respects.
The order was ready on time, but in my opinion, I will go elsewhere and wait an extra 15 min's for food that is of a better quality.

Really good food, very nice interior, great lunch specials, Service is ok.
The best egg roll Ive ever had!
(And I hate egg rolls)

We usually go for lunch and it's pretty good!
But this time we went for dinner and we were horrified.
The hot and sour soup was gross and had rubbery shrimp in it.
Then I had rubbery BBQ pork and vegetables, which was supposed to be chicken.
As I exited the bathrooms, our server was going in to clean it!
That was it for me.
The owner was more into watching tv than taking care of the guests.
They were cleaning the hoods in the kitchen, so all you could smell was ammonia while it was 127 degrees in there.
Very disappointed :(

We ordered hot and sour soup, barbeque spare ribs and eggplant with shrimp.
The hot & sour soup was neither hot nor sour.
The spare ribs were tough and the main dish had a total of five baby shrimp (which were added to the $8.95 eggplant dish for $5 extra).
All and all, this meal wasn't worth $2.90 much less the $29 we paid.
We were ripped off.

Food...outstanding Green Curry Chicken, Oustanding!!!
Their crab ragoon is unmatched, simply delicious.
I am always happy to help my wife finish her meal, and always pleased with w/e she orders.
Ambiance...I have only eaten inside once but it was clean and spacious enough.
Staff...very friendly.
We get take-out maybe once a month and they are always friendly.
Verdict...definitely worth a try.
The only reason I rated it 4 stars is it can get quite pricey.

Moved to a new area and am in search of good everyday (pick up on the way home from work), and special occasion Chinese food.
Our first stop here was in eat and nothing to write home about.
But we gave it another chance and did take out and were more impressed.
We have done pick up several times now and one more dine in and have only been slightly disappointed once!
I think like any other place, you will love some dishes and other only so-so.
So once you find what you like there, stay with it!

Horrible.
I have been coming here on and off for years.
Usually off.
When desperate, I'll order take-out maybe once a year, because my memory is short on how awful the food is.
Ordered shrimp in lobster sauce.
It was NOT shrimp in lobster sauce.
They have ONE sauce they use for everything - brown, with red and green peppers, and onions.
If you order kung pao, General Tso's, etc...it will ALL come with the same sauce.
I also ordered the Thai beef skewers.
Unpalatable.
They were beyond tough.
There is not a tooth in my head that could chew through it.
Nor could the dog, actually.
That says something in itself.
Tasteless, as well.
Waste of $20.

I've never been impressed by this place.
I've tried a bunch I different foods, and they're all about on the same level.
I usually do the lemon chicken (breaded fried chicken breast (?
) with a syrupy lemon-ish sauce), or sweet and sour chicken (breaded fried chunks of white meat chicken along with a few chunks of pineapple and veg with a sweet red sauce).
I was trying to cut calories a bit yesterday while still ordering out, and generally chicken teriyaki has fewer calories than the other two options (couldn't actually find nutrition info on their food.
Had to guess going from other chains info).
So I went with that.
Omg.
Gross.
I'm not sure what they did to the chicken, but it was a weird texture.
I usually get a fried option with the other meals, so no idea if it's usually like that before it's fried.
But ew.
I couldn't make it through maybe 1/3 of the meal, and had to force that much.
Bottom line here...too much money for what you get.
Absolutely no frills here.
Slab of chicken, cup of sauce.
Fast service for pick-up, but sub-par food.
Complete waste of money.
I've had too many disappointments from this place to order any more.
I'm done.

Great food, a little slow service.
Pot stickers were great.
I didn't try the Thai food.
We will eat there again.

thought I would treat myself for lunch.
I have eaten here before but it's been awhile.
I ordered the pad thai.
Not only was it expensive, but it was the worst pad thai I have ever eaten!
There were only 2 shrimp ($12?
)..and they were not totally cooked.
Some of the chicken was rubbery.
i will never order this again!
what a disappointment!

I found this place to be a little dark, a little dated and a little unkept, not unclean, just in need of some renovations.
The dinning experience was short of my expectations.
Nothing really negative, just nothing that stood out as a reason to go back.
Food was good, but overly average.

I don't know why anyone would give less than 5 stars.
Food is excellent, fair prices and great service!

Love love love this place!
J Chen has the best Chinese food around.
Me and my family have been going there for about 4 years now.
We love the staff, they are like part of the family.
While I was pregnant with my son all I wanted for a while was Chinese food.
Lucky me!
The staff couldn't wait to meet the baby and they are so friendly with the families that come to the restaurant.
They are always so sweet to my mother and if she's not feeling well they always send her their best.
My favorite meals are the lemon chicken and pork fried rice.

