Was here over the weekend and I've been looking for a new pair of running shoes to replace my old Asics.
And because I knew New Balance shoes made running shoes in wide sizes, walked into the store to see what they had.
I saw a few New Balance shoes along the display wall and one they had looked nice and was extremely light.
I asked the guy there if they had this in a size 8-1/2 2E.
He looked at me and after taking a quick glance (dude, I saw you) said that this is their top of the line running shoe and that since most runners are slim, they don't make this model in wide.
Dude, what the hell?
You could have easily just told me they don't carry or make that shoe in wide.
I give this place 2 stars only because he told me there was a New Balance shoe across the 101.

We didn't purchase anything today.
But the staff was very friendly, helpful, and didn't mind explaining about the different shoes (like MBT).
Not cheap, but good quality stuff.
You mostly don't find Skechers or other cheap stuff here.
I can foresee buying shoes here in the future.

More often than not I end up with nothing.
I have small feet and need to try things on first since medium isn't a width I can always make work.
The staff is friendly, but it really does suck when all I have to choose from are clunky looking Dansko.
I don't often dress down that far to have those shoes be a staple in my wardrobe.
What a letdown.

If you are looking for Danskos, this is your place.
Usually, my shoe preferences tend towards aesthetics over function, but for work, I needed a good shoe that would last after walking constantly for 8 hours in business casual dress.
I've bought two pairs of shoes here, both Danskos.
The first time, I mentioned to the associate that I needed a good shoe that will last 8+ hours.
They have limited sizes here, and I had to have my size ordered online for me at the store.
Unfortunately, the first pair of shoes I got were extremely uncomfortable after walking a few hours in them (As well as extremely expensive).
I even had them stretched before wearing them for work, a feature The Walking Company will do for free for any shoe you buy to help "wear them in.
"  The pair I bought came with a coupon for $25 off a future shoe purchase.
So, I stepped in here again and mentioned to a different associate that my first pair was very uncomfortable.
She then said to me that "not all Danskos are comfortable," and that the different styles have different types of arch support.
That might have been good to know before I bought the first pair!
She did recommend the Dansko brand for the best in long-term walking comfort, and recommend I try a few different styles.
The second pair has been great so far for work.
For the first time in weeks, it's been nice not having your feet aching in pain after coming home!

