I was very impressed with the time Zoe took with my color and my cut.
I have never had anyone spend so much time on my hair.
Very good color and cut - I was Rey impressed.
I will definitely be back!

2012:  Visiting the area for a month, and found this webpage with a lot of great reviews.
Got an appointment within a few days of calling the salon.
Was not disappointed!
And, I'm very particular about who cuts my hair.
Nina gave me an excellent haircut and blowout for much less than I pay back home.
Would highly recommend this salon to everyone.
There was no receptionist, on the day I was there.
The 2 stylist there did have to answer a few phone calls, while working on clients.
But, with that said, I was still in and out in under an hour.
Will definitely return, if I am ever back in this area.
We did come back, this year.
And, did return to Zoe's in 2013.
Here are my additional thoughts: Another wonderful hair cut, at Zoe's.
My husband, also, had his hair cut.
Excellent!.
She listens to what you want or don't want, and delivers a style that you can easily take care of at home.
Nina and Zoe both do excellent work.
Reasonable prices.
Friendly.
Appointments are easy to make, and most times you can get in very soon.
Still no receptionist, but Nina and Zoe make it work.
2013:   We did come back, this year.
And, did return to Zoe's in 2013.
Here are my additional thoughts:  Another wonderful hair cut, at Zoe's.
Zoe cut my hair, this year,  and my husband's.
Excellent!.
She listens to what you want or don't want, and delivers a style that you can easily take care of at home.
Nina and Zoe both do excellent work.
Reasonable prices.
Friendly.
Appointments are easy to make, and most times you can get in very soon.
Still no receptionist, but Nina and Zoe make it work.

I have been so happy with how Nina cuts my hair.
This is the only place I will go for a good haircut.

Was so happy with my haircuts, went back for color and highlights.
Couldn't be happier.

I found Zoe's about a year ago after visiting several other shops and sporting a variety of bad haircuts and bad highlights.
I made an appointment with Nina and have been a happy customer of this shop ever since!
Zoe and her staff are warm and friendly and Nina gives a fantastic haircut.
Unlike the other reviewer, I think she does excellent highlights.
She corrected and maintains my highlights and they look great.
I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Also - she is refreshingly honest when I ask her opinion and I love that!
When you finally find that person who can give a really good haircut and color, you keep them.
Nina is a keeper!

I met Zoe after moving here 2 years ago.
Having very fine hair, and had many bad haircuts, I "loved" how Zoe said, you have a really bad haircut, but I can help you look beautiful!
I have been with her ever since!
She's amazing!

