Their property management team is atrocious.
We had a property managed by them and experienced first hand their terrible support & customer service.
Requests would go unanswerd for weeks at a time requiring multiple follow ups to finally get a response.
When we did get a response they were unprofessional at best.
The final straw was how the mismanaged an eviction.
No communication on the property during the process and when I finally switched to a new management company I was shocked at the damages they showed us.
It's hard for me to comprehend how they remain in business.
Avoid at all cost.

Please don't use them.
Completely unprofessional.
They will take application fees after they have already approved an application.
I looked on the mls my real estate agent sent and they had taken the house off the market not even an hour after we had paid them an app.
Fee then after she told my agent the house was already rented to someone, I called her to ask her why we weren't approved.
Because of her poor English she thought I was trying to put in a new application for the house she had already taken off the market!and was telling me to drop of the cash.
People like these are the reason why people don't trust foreigners.
I thank God we didn't get approved, completely unproffessional, and dishonest business

Warning.
Do not use this company.
Here is my horror story.
I found a home that I was interested in renting and contacted the person renting it out from Gold Trust (Yan Mei Tu).
She said in poor English that she was renting this for a friend of hers who lives in CA.
I made arrangements to view the house and found it to be a good fit.
At that time "Mary" (Her English name I guess?
) emailed me the rental application and let me know what we needed to provide.
Everything seemed good.
We made plans to meet later that day to turn in our paperwork.
When we met, as  she was going through our paper work, she kept exclaiming about how I made more than my husband and how that "was not right" and that he should be making more than me....As if that wasn't insulting enough she started asking about our cleanliness and after showing her a picture of our dog who was laying on our bed (granted it was not made) she said if it was her renting the place as the owner she wouldn't rent to us because she can tell we aren't neat people.
She said that she could tell because our furniture was "not very nice" and had the nerve to say that maybe we could have a yard sale to sell our stuff in order to buy nicer new stuff before we moved in.....AND THEN said but maybe the owner will overlook it because I make so much money.
At that time I looked at my husband in shock and he said he was "ready to go" as was I.
We picked up our applications, documents and 80 bucks for the fees and walked out.
Bummed we missed out on a good house, but SO GLAD we dodged a bullet in having to deal with these people.
If I could give zero stars I would.
The un-professionalism was astounding to me.

