I like it here.
The pizza is pretty good, the wings are awesome!
Lots of good deals to be had here and the service has always been speedy and courteous.
Very easy to feed a large group for not a lot of cash.
I agree with the below comment.. very clean place, even the ladies room is nice and clean (hard to come by)  which is very much appreciated.

Stopped here for lunch when I was craving some pizza.
Had their lunch special which included 2 slices of cheese pizza (added pepperoni to mine) and a drink.
It was under $6 and the pizza was fairly decent, but a bit too greasy.
Service was friendly, but if I'm ever in the mood for pizza again I'll stick to Palermo's on 83rd.

Manhattan Pizza is a nice, fairly cheap option for New York style pizza in the Southwest Valley.
Their prices are reasonable for the style of pizza they offer (i.e.
not quick and dirty $5 takeout pizza from Little Caesar's or Hungry Howie's) and, as has been mentioned before, their customer service is great.
Everyone that works here is very friendly.
Their wings are the best I've had at a pizza joint.
They're nice and crispy and the sauce is pretty tasty.
They generally have good deals going most of the time, including lunch specials and an extra large pizza and 25 wings deal that's quite affordable.

Pretty good wings.
Taste better than Grand pa's.
Pizza good too.
On the expensive side

Went here for lunch today after reading some reviews.
I had a slice of garlic and ham pizza with 6 hot wings.
From the other reviews I thought that it was going to be excellent but it was just ok.
The pizza was very limp and the hot sauce on the wing was just you basic wing sauce.
I may come back since it is fairly close to my house but I wouldn't go out of the way for it.

Good pizza and friendly people!
They always have a pizza and wings special like most pizza places do.
I've only dined in once with my two kids and it was during after school hours.
Every time I have ordered from here and picked up they are never super busy.
They have 3 TVs in there place and plenty of room to sit down and eat while watching a game.
They also serve beer and soda too.

Giving this place two stars.
Nice clean place, but staff wasn't that courteous.
Only tried slices of pizza.
Hubby ordered  pepperoni which was really good.
I ordered mushroom and sausage.
Mushrooms were from a can...bleh..but the sausage and the pizza crust were good.

We're regulars here!
Owners chit chat with our son bc they know he loves and plays football!
Their &19.99 deal is big enough for family of 6!
Always  Ale their wings fresh!
Our family pizza night comes from manhattan!

Love that this place is right around the corner from the house.
We have ordered the special a few times and its definitely enough to feed our family of four.
The staff is very friendly.
People complain the pizza is "limp" and I guess they never had pizza in NY before.
i think the pizza is very tasty.
We get our wings from here now that Buffalo Wild Wings is closed and they are very good wings though their hot isn't really that hot.
Will be back!

Workday lunch and wanted something other than Subway...
I had a meatball sub (supposedly 10 inches) which came with chips (Lay's regular flavor) and a drink ($5.99).
Meatballs were tasty, covered in a slice of melted cheese, but the sauce was just so-so.
Felt very full upon leaving!
My coworker ordered the pizza lunch special--2 slices of cheese and a drink for $3.99.
Added toppings were .50 cents each, per slice.
They looked like tasty slices and seemed like a good portion!
Seemed like a family run operation and they make the dough while you're there.
No frozen slices of pizza!
Nice option for something different with cheap prices!

Pizza was disgusting.

I live right next to this place and decided to try it out.
The pizza was good, very big portions.
The service was also good.
I will be coming back to eat here more often.

I will never go there again!
I have been eating at Manhattan Pizza for 5-6 years.
In fact, I have not had Pizza and wings anywhere else in that time choosing to spend my money there.
I have noticed a decline in the restaurant over the last couple years both with service and food.
Tonight I had the worst dining experience in my life at what was once my favorite restaurant.
I will never go there again.
The service was completely unacceptable and the food even worse.
The wings were burnt and had a weird taste, what was stranger is they were mostly broken bones sticking out and it looked as if the wings had been broken in half to count as two.
When I brought it back up to the counter I was offered a doggie bag for them and told they could NOT make new ones or give a refund.
To make matters worse I was told the owner cooked them and he was fine with how they looked.
The owner refused to even speak with me.
When I stated that I had been coming to that restaurant for 6 years and was about to walk out and never come back....the employee at the counter actually said, "that's fine, we are ok with that?
" What business allows a customer to leave like that?
Obviously this is one restaurant that does not care about the quality of food or service.

Pizza is good when they feel it's a good time to sell slices of pizza.

After reading the reviews, I decided I would try Manhattans Pizza over some of the other nearby pizza choices.
Here I go; the pizza and wings are actually not that bad.
However, nothing about the pizza and wings really popped out and made me say " wow"!
I tried the large cheese and pepperoni pizza.
The sauce was tasty and the crust was good.
Keep in mind that this is not " brick oven" pizza, but good nonetheless.
The wings were hot and tasty as well.
I wouldn't say they are the best in town but they were good.
The price for a large pizza and 25 wings was under $25.00.
Not bad for a meal that can feed at least four adults.
Will I return?
Yes I would.

I have eaten here twice now.
The first time I was pleasantly surprised.
The pizza was good and so were the wings.
I remember my husband and I shaking our heads in agreement that we would eat there again.
A little pricey but.... it was close to home and it was pretty good.
Now, the second time.... guy that answered was a complete jerk.
I was attempting to call in ahead but the guy was so rude i had to hang up.
I thought to myself, " Self, everyone has a bad day.
lemme get pizza anyways because I am far too tired to cook.
" When I went in I informed the guy he was rude and he apologized and explained that he was busy and offered me a drink, the guy making the pizza was kinda nice in a "I'm irritated kinda way" but I accepted and forgave them both.
Pizza was still over priced and didn't taste as good this time but it was ok.
I think it's a hit or miss kinda place.
Not too many options in Tolleson :(

