I saw there Ad in Scottsdale Health,  Was not impressed with this practice, had my x-rays sent over that was taken in Jan of 2011 full set they are normally taken every 3 years.
they would not take them as they are digital photos and they said they were blurry.
They would not see me if i did not allow them to take another full set.
Felt as if they were pushing other services that were not needed to get more money.
I'm very well educated about my teeth and understand i have some gum issues.
was charged more for my cleaning because of the gum issue.
they said it was because the cleaning is more involved.
Did not feel the cleaning was that good as what i had been getting.
The office staff was very nice, the little time i spent with the dentist he had a whole list of things that i needed done, thought the dentist was nice.
just seemed to me they were looking for ways to make more money, If you don't have dental insurance i would stay away from this practice

We received this review 3 weeks ago..."The staff is super friendly and helpful.
I really appreciate that they are upfront and honest about procedures and costs and provide treatment plans for you to review.
Dr. McCargar was fabulous!
He was friendly, efficient, knowledgeable and answered all of my questions.
I would definitely recommend this office to my friends and family and although I typically hate going to the dentist for even a simple cleaning, I look forward to coming back here.
" ---anonymous

I absolutely hate going to the dentist!
Just the thought of having a cleaning done makes me anxious and nervous but Dr. Jason and his staff are so fabulous I don't mind going anymore.
He is a preferred provider for Invisalign so the rate was half of what my old dentist was going to charge me!
I love that they are up front with me, give me options and recommendations on my course of treatment and don't push unnecessary procedures on me.
Dr. Jason and his assistants listen to all of my concerns and are great at putting me at ease.
The front office ladies are absolutely fabulous as well!
They make sure that I am educated on my dental benefits and I always know up front exactly what is going to be charged so there are no surprises.
I do and would refer anyone I know to Dr. Jason and his wonderful staff at Scottsdale Dental Arts.

I have been seeing Dr. McCargar for several years.
I had a filling done a number of years ago on a front tooth, and I noticed it looking darker in photographs.
Dr. McCargar took some photographs of my teeth and recommend that I have some porcelain veneers done on my front teeth, and a porcelain crown done on the tooth that had the large, dark filling.
I was quite hesitant for a while, not wanting dental work on healthy teeth, but that dark tooth was really bothering me, so scheduled the procedure and went ahead with the appointment.
My smile is beautiful!
People never know that I had cosmetic work done, they only notice that I have a great smile!
My only regret is that I waited so long.

