Be careful with the offering of prepaid Detailing of USD 200.
Just when you think, you don't need that much of money for your car detailing and try to get a refund (of the service that you haven't event got yet), they simply say: "It's our policy, no refund for prepaid services...".
So be careful, the service is just standard and they're not customer oriented.
I'd stay away.

Do not go here.
Total rip off.
They will try to find any reason to make u pay more.

I've brought several of my cars and trucks here.
Sometimes they do great work, other times the work performed is so-so.
Best value is the "Mini-Detail" which you can get for $89.95 if you tell them you saw their coupon in New Times.
Today they did an excellent job on my Ford Expedition "Urban Assault Vehicle", which I am pleasantly surprised did not result in an up-charge due to size!

I'm a Realtor and specialize in selling homes through out the East Valley, Scottsdale, and parts of Phoenix.
I try to find reliable car washes to use when I find myself showing buyers in different areas.
This particular car wash, the few times I've been there, has always done a great job when I'm only in need of a wash.
I've not used any of their additional services to date, but for a regular wash they do a pretty decent job.
All car wash places these days try to up-sell you on additional services and it's always up to you to say yes or no.
If I feel like having my car waxed, my carpets cleaned, or my leather interior conditioned I know this prior to my wash.
If you do this; try and haggle with the guy a bit before giving in.
These guys, and the same goes for all car wash places, get paid bonuses for up-selling you so they will negotiate to get the sale.
If you don't want additional services say no thank you and they'll leave you alone.

Do not go to this car wash.
I dropped my kids off at choir and thought I'd run in for a quick car wash. Oh no!
They locked my keys in the car.
I couldn't get On-Star to unlock my Suburban because it was under a huge canopy and couldn't get a signal.
Instead of calling a locksmith, the car washers tried and tried to get in through the window.
Thankfully my husband was able to leave work early, go retrieve the kids from choir practice, and then come rescue me at the car wash with a spare set of keys.
I was trapped there over an hour!
The manager then had the audacity to get mad at me because I was upset at their incompetence.
They didn't even comp the car wash!
If you go here, don't pay for your car wash until your car is done!

My car was clean!
That in itself is amazing since they have to get through kid debris and dog fur.

I've been here twice.
The first time they offered me a really good deal on a detail and I jumped on it.
The end result was mediocre.
There's a difference between detailing and elbow grease...I didn't really get either.
I came back a second time because I hadn't yet formed an opinion on whether or not I liked them.
I think I ordered the VIP wash or something like that.
The guy working there told me my headlights needed to be cleaned and he could do it for $50, I started to speak and he abruptly cut me off and said "we'll talk shop later" he continued to tell me that I couldn't purchase the cleaning kit for the head lamps for less than $20 so he would give me the deal for $20.
I told him that was a BS deal because you can get more than one cleaning out of a kit.
He raised his voice at me and told me that I didn't know what I was talking about.
Amused, I told him there's a crackhead by my cousin's house that will do each headlight for $2 and I asked him if he could beat that offer.
Not amused, he continued to yell at me and told me again that I didn't know what I was talking about and that no one else can offer me the real deal.
Usually, being yelled at by a man will make me go ape sh*t on a mofo.
However, I could tell that this small, puny, sorry excuse for a man was pathetic enough without getting verbally assaulted by me first thing in the morning.
I just laughed it off and took my business to FRANCIS & SONS CAR WASH.

Let me start by saying that I've used the Ray Rd.
location on and off for years, and have always had great service and will go back.
I've tried this location twice, and will not be returning.
My first experience here was about a month ago.
I needed a quick wash on my SUV, and requested an exterior-only wash that had been done for me at Ray Rd.
They stated it was no longer on the menu and I would need to purchase the regular wash instead for twice the price.
They also grilled me about getting my car detailed because they were running a "special", which turned out to be their normal price.
When I went to the counter to pay, my receipt stated that I could return within a few days and receive an exterior-only wash for half the price of my regular wash!
I informed the cashier that I was told that it was no longer on the menu, and she said that wasn't true and that they still do them.
:-(  Fast forward to yesterday...
I pulled into the drive lines and asked for an exterior-only wash, and the man (a different one than before) became very confrontational with me telling me that they no longer do them and I would need to pay for the regular wash.
I explained that I did not need anything done on the inside, and that the cashier said the exterior-only was still on the menu.
He started yelling at me, saying she was wrong and she didn't know what she was talking about.
I didn't want to argue with him as I was holding up the line, so I agreed to the regular wash, AGAIN.
I understand that businesses are still struggling, but the way to succeed is to accommodate your customers and keep your policies consistent, not confront your way into selling a more expensive service.
And in the end, my car was streaky and parts were not cleaned.
:-(  I will return to the Ray Rd.
location when needed, but Val Vista is no longer getting my business.

When this place first opened, they tried their best to please the customer.
Every time I told them they missed something, they would go back over it and clean it properly.
The last time I took my car there, I was less than happy with the service I received.
Cleaning wheels thoroughly is a standard practice at any car wash or detail shop and being confrontational with a customer when confronted with the fact that the wheels were poorly cleaned does not sit well with me.
The other thing that does not sit well with me is the upselling of services I do not need.
I don't need you to replace my windshield, redo my tint, change my oil, or any maintenance service.
If I pay for a car wash, I expect just that and expect my wheels to be cleaned thoroughly!!

I've been using this location on Val Vista to wash my vehicles since it opened but the last several washes were definitely sub-par.
It culminated with what I perceive to have been a total waste of my money yesterday when I had my Subaru WRX washed.
I arrived at the wash at about 3:30 to have the Subaru cleaned and waxed.
I had a coupon so I paid $37.49 instead of the normal $44.99.
The expectation was that I would get a wash, wax, mats shampooed and interior detailed.
The car hadn't been cleaned in some time (three weeks?
) so it needed some extra attention.
I told the attendant that we drove to Vegas and back last weekend so the front end had quite a few bugs that needed to be removed.
He said that it would be no problem.
The car was cleaned in a timely manner and we left the car wash and went right to the SanTan mall where were meeting friends for an early movie and dinner.
My disappointment came when I left the movie theater.
It was still light out and you could see how bad of a job that they did on the car.
There was un-wiped wax all over the car.
There were drippings of dried liquid wax all over the car.
There were dead and dried bugs (now covered with wax) all over the front of the car.
The mats were wet but clearly hadn't been shampooed.
In fact, they didn't even look like that had been vacuumed!
I immediately drove back over to the Val Vista location but they had already closed so we cancelled our plans for the rest of the night and brought the car home where I spent another 2 hours fixing the detail job I spent $37.49 on!
The wax was so hard and dried that it had to be washed off.
The front end was so nasty that I had to use a bug sponge to clean the wax covered bugs off.
The mats were so nasty that I had to pull and shampoo them on my own.
The only thing they did a good job of was the application of the armor all on the interior.
Oh wait, I asked them NOT to apply armor all and to simply wipe the interior down so they screwed that up too!
This is now three consecutive washes that have required additional attention.
In fact, my Ford Excursion detail was so bad that they had to rewash it and re-detail it.
I don't know if it's a change in management, understaffing or a limit on the amount of time they have available to spend on a car, but I can honestly say that I am completely dissatisfied with the service at Classic Car Spa as of late.
As a previously loyal customer I'm extremely disappointed!

I'll give it 3 stars because I have had more good than bad washes.
I like it because it's touchless.
I found last year when my girl got a new beemer.
It's also works for lifted trucks.
I've had issues at other washes with my trucks before.
The only real issue I ever had was when a homeboy that came up to my girl to take her order called her cheap because she drove a nice car and didn't want the most expensive wash.
He's very lucky I wasn't there, or he would have got his ass whooped!!!
Needless to say I took the high road and called the manager.
She was supposed to give my girl her next wash for free.
Of course when she went back a week later it wasn't on her acct.
I had to call down there and regulate.
She ended up getting her free wash, and I still to this day never saw the punk that ran his mouth.
Like I said though, the majority of the washes are good.

Im writing a 5 star review because this place is the only place where they do EVERYTHING without missing a beat.
I never have to inspect and point out what they missed.
Tyrone and Mario are awesome and they always make sure things are running at full speed.
I use this place as opposed to the location near home because its right near work and is easier for me to swing through on my lunch break.
Ill be there today too!

We brought our minivan in for a full shampoo and detail.
When we came back to pick up our van, we could hardly recognize it.
The van looked fantastic, very good job.

I was happy with the friendly service at the counter and the speedy wash.
I particularly happy with their hours as they close at 6pm and most places close around 6 during this time of year.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I can always nit-pick places they missed in the interior, but that's going to be most places.
Overall good experience!

For a quick wash, this place is fine.
It saves me from having to do it myself.
Like every other car wash place, I hate being asked if I would like a detail, windshield, tinting, leather conditioning, carpet cleaning etc.
However, that is not specific to this car wash because the all do it.
My car is only 9 months old for heavens sake.
When they are not observant enough to identify an actually need for something they are suggesting,  I know they are just trying to sell me a useless service for the money.
I don't like that too much.
The folks who do the finish work do a good job if you are there during a "slow" time of the day.
If its busy, they are working fast and might miss some details.

I've had decent car washes from this place before....
But the wash I got today was not worth the money.
I was in a rush and didn't have the time to thoroughly inspect the wash till i got home.
There was still blue soap spots in some areas, the wheel wells were still dirty, and there were random unclean spots on the car.
Disappointing.
I will not be returning.

Do not get your oil changed here.
They will charge you for oil that your car doesn't need.
My truck only needs five quarts of oil and they added 6 quarts and charged me for the extra quart.
I even showed them in the book where it says the truck only needs 5 quarts and they would not remove the charge.

It is not the best car wash place in the world also not the worst.
They do a good job their cleaning packages prices are a little steep for my liking.
They are located right by my house so it is very convenient you go here.
PROS: -Fast -Staff is nice & Facility is clean -Do a overall goo job cleaning (usually have a few spots that were overlooked).
CONS -Pricy -Pricy -Pricy  Overall Only go if you are planing on getting one of the lower cleaning packages, i feel the rest is a waste of money to get anything else.
I am one that cares a LOT by how clean my car is inside and out.
I would say go if you only need a touch up on you car.

I stopped in here when I was short on time but badly needed a car wash.
They did a pretty decent job but felt somewhat rushed.
I noticed some of the spots they had missed (wheel wells, far bottom of doors, etc) but quickly glancing at the car - it looked clean.
Had I not waited so long to get my car washed this would have been a good touch up job and I still might consider coming back.
If it's really dirty (yes, I can get lazy sometimes) then I will seek another place.

DO NOT COME HERE!!
I just spent $26 on a "supreme car wash" the didn't even wipe the dust off my dash!!
Hands down the worst car wash I have ever paid for!!
My passenger side window has oil smears all over it...
Worse now then when I brought it in to be cleaned!!
If I could give negative stars I would!!
I went back and told the guy hey look at all thus dust still on my dash and dirty window and spots on the outside aaaa we can redo it.
Are you freaking kidding me I just spent 45 min waiting and now you're telling me the only thing you can do is re wash it!!
I will never give them my business again I recommend you do the same!

Would definitely not recommend this place, nor will I be going back!
I only went there because someone gave me a gift card (thankfully I didn't spend my own money!).
The moment you pull up the sales attendants look at you like a piece of meat to see how much they can up-sell you.
Annoying!
Despite saying "No Thanks" they try and push you into it "Oh really, you don't like having the interior dressed?
Hmm, ok."  Nope, I'm good, just an oil change and a wash today.
They did the typical "look how filthy your air filter is, for just $30 we can change it for you" ... No thanks, I can do it for half the price on my own.
So the up-selling is the worst, but they really don't even do that great of a job washing your car.
Both my husband and I took ours cars there (to use up that gift card -- $60 got us 2 washes and an oil change, hardly a smokin' deal), and neither of our cars were that clean, especially the interior.
I still had all kinds of debris and dirt/dust on my interior (and I even opted to upgrade my wash to have the "interior dressing done" though my husband hadn't).
DO NOT GO HERE.
Hit up Danny's (previously reviewed) or anywhere else really.

I was a little nervous I was going to get another half ass cleaning job after reading the reviews, however that was not the case.
My car got an oil change and supreme wash and overall I am pleased.
Could have  been better though, missed the steering wheel, cup holders, steering wheel column, and my nav/ radio was still dusty.
Not sure if it is me that expects to much when I go to have my car cleaned as these things never seem to get done....

Car wash was so so.
Still had bugs on front and not wiped dry on inside of door handles.
Pretty expensive for what you get.
Wish I could find a good car wash:(

I'm always happy with my car when they are done but you better have patience!
I've been here 25 minutes and they are just now getting to the interior!
Oh and practice smiling and saying "No Thank You!
" 10 times before you get here so it rolls off your tongue during the up-sell.
That being said I'm always happy with their work on my car.
They do a great job, I always have a super clean car and they will go back fix anything you aren't happy with.
Just know it will take 45 minutes - 1.5 hours on the weekend to get your car clean.

Let me start this with a 'tip'.
If you get a coupon from either Groupon or "Living Social", you save a LOT.
Yes, this place is expensive.
But when you get the "deal" the cost falls into the same range as other car washes.
This was my first visit here.
I did get the Living Social deal.
When I pulled-up a young man walked over and explained their system (I was going to go inside and ask since I had the coupon deal thing).
You pick your wash (my coupon picked that for me), your scent and then go inside to the register.
Inside I could see how the wash worked, and I liked it.
There are no spinning brushes or flopping strips of material.
There are arches with sprayers, and as the car goes under each it gets wet, then soaped, then rinsed, and probably a spray wax too.
In between each arch are people washing by hand.
So after you get soap they move in and work the soap in by hand.
I lost sight of it after the rinse, so not sure about the spray wax.
Next the vehicle is taken to a finishing station outside where they vacuum it, do the windows, dry it off (blowing compressed air into all the crevices to get out all the water), and then they put something on the plastic pieces and dashboard to make them shiny.
Given the amount of by-hand labor involved, the pricing isn't too bad here.
All the cheaper places have spinning brushes and such (hope you remembered to take down your antenna!).
If anyone does anything by hand it's only the finishing at the end.
But Classic Car Spa is all by hand, so you should expect to pay a bit more.
When it was done the car seemed clean.
They did it reasonably quickly, and I haven't found anything that they missed.
My coupon gives me two more washes, and I will be using them happily.

Really good hand washed service for a decent price.
Definitely sign up for their reward card and get 5% back each time- it's like free money!
I love how their outside area is covered so it's not as hot in the AZ heat and you can watch every minute of your wash. Usually car washes aren't very stocked with random car goodies (no one needs these anyways) but they seem to have them all!

Waiting soooo long even after a 30 minute quote.
Paid additional to get the interior washed and leather treated and HIGHLY unsatisfied.
When I got my keys there was still dirt on my floor boards and mats were crooked and not snapped back in!
I can do a way better job at a self vacuum facility!

Good enough job.
Better than Danny's.
They are relentless on the up sales though.
I dropped a car off to have it detailed and the guy had the stones to call me 15 minutes later trying to up sale me.

I've got to say this place has impressed me more than once.
The wash is standard as far as I've seen going to the different places, however, this place bends over backwards to make sure the customer is satisfied.
I have nothing but the best things to say about Mario (Manager) and the various other folks I have dealt with.
Detail I got on the truck looked amazing.
Yes, they try to upsell you, all places do, it's how they make money but I've never had to say anything more than "no thank you".
Folks on the line are very hard working!

Very disappointed.
I took my 2010 challenger in to have the oil changed and the ultimate wash on Friday.
Saturday afternoon I noticed oil spots under my car, when I lifted it up I found oil dust cover/skid plate transmission and cross member.
I returned to classic car spa right when they were closing, and was told to bring it back first thing Sunday morning and they would make it right.
When I brought it back the technician remembered my car, he told me that it wasn't a leak it was a spill because the oil from the gun came out faster than my car could take it.
He said had tried to clean it up.
The manager left while the technician was explaining what happened and never returned.
They took the car, cleaned up what they could and gave it back to me.
I got the car home and there is still oil I can feel with my hand, the front of the car has smudges or oil/degreaser on the nose and right fender.
I had to rewash the front end and it still smelled of burning oil when I got it home.
They didn't make it right and I regret taking my car to here.

Been waiting for 1.5 hours for a wash and shampoo.
I was told it would be done in 2 hours, and they haven't even started!
Service is horrible.
I have enjoyed using the groupons, but this will be my last experience at this car wash.  Too many other options.
I have given this place so many chances.
My car had better look good after this fiasco.

So pissed off.
I have been trying to be a supportive customer to this place multiple times and I've been disappointed with every visit.
I've brought three of my cars in and gotten the Deluxe, and made sure that I told them the entire car needs to be vacuumed, including the trunk.
They say okay, no problem, and ring me up my $17.99.
I wait like 45 minutes (sometimes even longer) in the lobby.
When they're finally done, they wave their towel and give me the keys.
And each time I come in, to my dismay, there are greasy oil splotches on my car, white dust spots all over the wheel and dust that hasn't been wiped down.
I'm fine because I can wipe those small things down, but I am TIRED of not getting what I specifically asked for: the trunk has to be opened and vacuumed inside!
My cars still look like a piece of crap inside but now with extra frap that I have to wipe down from their sloppy job!
I called in angrily and explained my situation, and he said that they will only vacuum the trunk if you asked for it.
And I DID ask for it, THREE TIMES.
He put me on hold to get the manager, but the manager just made him a messenger and wouldn't even take the time and show customer service by talking to me himself.
He just told the employee to bring my cars back and they'll redo it, which I said No, because every time I did bring it back they did NOTHING.
He then offered a refund but I know, as a business owner myself, that his offers were pathetic excuses and I have had enough especially when the manager wasn't willing to speak with me himself.
I told him I was done and I'm never coming back, and I did offer him a valuable piece of advice that the company should aspire to do: be detailed in your work, quality over quantity.
Maybe if they started putting more effort in the smaller details of their work they wouldn't have so many bad reviews on Yelp and lose their customers to other car wash companies.
And the employee's reply?
"Sorry and have a good day!
" And he hangs up first.
If anyone knows a better place to get your car done, please message me.

