Nice job and on time, job came in a couple of $$$ lower than estimate.
Did over the phone quote and came out to measure as well.
had window & screen replaced because of hail damage.
didn't balk at using a credit card and required 1/2 down   price competitive and i was very pleased with the work and the office staff answering the phone.
would definitely recommend,

DO NOT GET GLASS HERE!
I called this company a week in advance hoping they could fix my window.
The repair man came over and dropped my old broken window.
He made an effort to clean it up but when he left my dog managed to cut his foot on the shards of glass that was left.
Out carpet even has blood stains.
Anyways the repair man dropped another window in his truck so he told me he couldn't install my new window today cuz that was the last one.
I asked if he could just come back to fix it because i was waiting for 4 hours for him.
He didn't want to make the "long drive.
"  I called the Glas Teks phone number hoping for some help or maybe a different repair man.
The only thing they said was to wait till the next day.
yeyy another night in the cold for me!
I called a different local company and it was $20 cheaper.
DONT GO THROUGH GLAS TEK!

This week we called Glas Tek to replace the windshield in my truck.
They offered competitive cash pricing.
There was some mix up as to what company was actually doing the work as the website my husband found was under a different company name that was supposedly "local" to Mesa.
We were not aware that the office is actually located in Glendale and this would effect the appointment time based on what was convenient to the installer.
When booking the appointment, we were given a time slot of 3-5PM the next day.
We specifically booked for this time as I was not feeling well and wanted to rest after an early work shift.
On the work order the tech provided us with it is even noted in the instructions for the tech to come closer to 4PM.
My husband received a call that morning informing us that the tech had called out sick so another tech was trying to fit us into his schedule.
We let them know if they were not able to accommodate our specific 3 hour window we were willing to reschedule for the next day.
They assured us that the tech would be in our area(the supposed "local" area) closer to 5 so he wouldn't come before 2:30.
The tech showed up at 1pm without calling ahead or any notice whatsoever.
When the windshield was installed, the tech provided me with the work order to sign and informed me that he didn't have the change for my cash.
I was forced to give him a $20 tip since I did not have exact change and apparently couldn't pay by card in person.
The whole experience showed an incredible amount of disorganization and lack of communication.

Hired to repair a rock chip in windshield.
Always free via insurance.
Rep tried to charge $50 deductible.
Interesting thing is the invoice and purchase order was already drawn up at $65 to bill insurance only.
One of two conclusions:  1.
Disorganized billing and tracking system that overcharges customers.
Attempt to scam customers.
Either way, not acceptable.
Would not recommend.

I was driving on the freeway yesterday when a rock flew up and cracked my windshield pretty seriously.
The crack got bigger through the day and by the time I got home I was pretty worried how it would grow in a day or two.
I drive all over greater Phoenix for work and had no time to take the care into a shop.
I looked on several websites and was quoted upwards of $300 to have it replaced and all the places I looked at required a 4-5 hour time frame for them to come to me.
I requested an instant quote online from Glas Tek and received a phone call around 8am this morning.
To my relief the man let me know for $187 a technician would come to my job and replace the windshield.
He gave me a two hour time frame, 9-11 and the tech was at my job by 10:30am.
By 11:30am the windshield was replaced, I paid and I was back on the road.
I am so grateful to this company for saving me time, money and the rest of my week!

We used Glas Tek for 2 home window repairs.
Jason Jakson was the glass technician.
He arrived on time for both visits ( for the estimate and the repair), windows came in when he said they would and the whole process was very smooth.
Jason was very professional, courteous and tidy.
I received 3 different quotes for the repair and Glas Tech was the best priced.
I would use this company again and refer them to others.

