This is my first choice when I think of authentic mexican food.
The chilequilas, pozole, and cocido are the best.
The food tastes a little different each time, but always delicious.
It's almost like eating at my grandmother's house.

Best authentic Mexican food I've had!
Great, friendly staff.
Wouldn't go anywhere else.

Real authentic Mexican food!
Homemade like... Been going there since opening day, best menudo and pozole in AZ

Very clean place, great lemonade, good pork in green chile sauce.
Tortillas were the downside....not homemade, but other than that the food was good.

Excellent food, probably the only authentic Mexican food in the entire state of Arizona, very friendly staff....Amazing food just like my grandmother and mothers cooking.
I feel at home everytime i come to this place.
The downside is they close at 3 but other than that i would give it 6 stars if i could.
Food is cooked fresh unlike other restaurants who cook the meat early and let it sit for hours until you order.
The owners are very friendly people too...Tamales Guadalajara should open up a second location !

A friend and I, after having a vehicle serviced at the local Avondale auto center, had an itch for Mexican food.
Boy did we hit the gold mine!
The food was excellent and the drinks from the Horchata to the Lemonade were equally as great!
The Restaurant was very clean and the staff extremely friendly.
The prices were reasonable for the large portions.
I wish they were open later than 3, but for making everything fresh every day, it's definitely understood as to why.
I  will absolutely return to this place very very soon, and would greatly suggest this place to any friends and family!

This place is awesome the food is good..

Charming little restaurant.
Chips and salsa are good and the staff is friendly.
What I'm basing my review on is the amazing tamales.
My family and I are in love with the tamales.
The beef tamales are excellent as are the cheese which come with two different types of chiles in them.
Coming from Southern California I can tell you I've had my share of tamales.
This place is the best.

I've never been to any part of Mexico worth mentioning, but if I do I would hope the food is this good.

We went there this morning for breakfast, my hubby was looking to have some good ol' bowl of menudo, red.
So we Yelped!
and found this place.
We've been here before, some years ago, and I remember having a pleasant experience.
This time, with 2 more kids added to the mix, we headed their way in a rainy morning.
The service was excellent, the staff is very friendly and helpful.
We ordered the Menudo of course, red, with toasted birote on the side, and we thought it was bland, it needed more seasoning.
#7 Green Chile Chilaquiles with eggs, rice and beans.
This combinations is really good, more on the very spicy side, but tasty and very fulfilling, big portions.
If you want to enjoy your breakfast, without having to deal with a runny nose, and burned tasting buds, then order the... #8 Red Chile chilaquiles with eggs, rice and beans.
Very yummy, big portions, and the sauce is more subtle, but still has a hint of spiciness you can deal with.
And then the regular scrambled eggs, with bacon, rice and beans.
Overall, it is a good place to go to, but I can't say it's my favorite, or that something there is to die for, it just good.

Amazing little spot, hidden in the small town of Tolleson.
The guacamole is awesome!
Perfect amount of spice and obviously made from scratch unlike some places.
It reminds me of my own home made guac, so I must be doing something right!
Cheap and delicious food all around, it is my new favorite local mexican joint to grab lunch at.

Amazing food!
Best Mexican food I have ever had.
Only down side is they aren't open for dinner.
If they were I'd probably be here 5 times a week!

Excellent authentic Mexican food!!!
The chilaquiles red or green are my favorite.
Good coffee!!

I am from Guadalajara and this restaurant should change its name.
The food does not represent Guadalajara by any means.
I feel sorry for the people that are mislead when it comes to mexican food.

Delicious!
Loved this very authentic mexican food.
The waitresses are friendly, but it's obvious that english isn't their first language.
It was very nice that a 2nd waitress came by to confirm our order.
Only negative comments are that we asked for ice tea and instead got sweet tea.
Also, the 2 baby highchairs we looked at had broken straps.
Otherwise, it was great.
I'm sorry I hadn't tried this restaurant sooner.
I can see why it has so many positive reviews.
I think they may be open only for breakfast and lunch.

Authentic Mexican food!
Some of our favorites are the chilaquiles and the green chile plate.
My husband and I have been going for years and have never been disappointed.
Just be prepared for mainly Spanish speaking waitresses.

I was in the mood for tamales and eggs for breakfast.
So I found this place and though they don't have that combo in the menu, the waitress happily made it happen.
She brought me chips and salsa.
The salsa was delicious and the chips were homemade; yet they were too thick.
She brought me the tamales which I ordered two pork and one cheese, came with a side of beans and rice.
The best beans I've ever had in a Mexican restaurant.
The rice had too much garlic but still edible.
The reason this restaurant gets three stars is because, the Tamils had little filling and were too dry.
Overall I will be back to try other things on the menu.

Great food.
Great friendly service!!
Happy we discovered this place!!
Had a California burrito (yummy) and a Asada quesadilla (wonderful) so far in my two visits.
Can't wait to go back and try something new.

A truly authentic Mexican restaurant with some of the finest tortillas around.
I don't live anywhere near Tolleson, but whenever I find myself in the area, I make it a point to stop here for a California burrito.
The tamales are excellent, as are the soups.
I've tried a half-dozen things from their menu so far, and I have been thoroughly impressed with every single item.
And the best part is that the cost is very reasonable.
If you enjoy trying new Mexican restaurants and find yourself in the Tolleson area at some point, you owe it to yourself to give Tamales Guadalajara a chance.
It's fantastic.

