Michal is fantastic.
Been dealing with her for years, followed her all the way from Chandler Mall.
No pressure, best deal the first time, and genuinely cares about her customers.
If you come here ask for Michal, you won't be disappointed!

Ask for Michal, she was patient & very helpful.
We would definitely go back.
Gonzalez - Gonzales

My boyfriend bought my engagement ring from this location back in July and proposed to me in August.
We took it in to get it sized the next day and it took them until the end of October to get it back to me.
About mid November one of the center diamonds fell out and I was informed I would not be getting my ring back until January 18th!
All they kept telling me is "see this is a perfect example of why he should buy you another ring.
" If you aren't a "sale" for them they have no need or sense of urgency for you.
They have had my engagement ring about as long as I have been engaged.
When I called the manager to ask if there was any way they could put a rush order on it for me so I had my ring for the holidays she stated she would look into it and call me back but she never did.
The lack of customer service is very discouraging especially when it comes to an engagement, one of the most exciting times of my life and I don't have my ring to show off for it.
I will never buy another piece of jewelry from this place and I will never recommend anybody to either.
It's been a very unpleasant experience.

Let's just keep it short - AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!!
I could bore you with all the details but just take my word for it, if you have a problem after the purchase don't bother talking to the condescending manager he'll just frustrate you more.
Just go to one of the other 1000's of jewelry stores within 20 miles.

My husband and I came here to upgrade my wedding band and buy him a new wedding band.
Jessica who helped us was very patient and nice.
We placed our order and my husbands ring came in 1wk later, mine unfortunately took 2wks because the resizing of my ring was really small they said.
When I finally got it back it was still too loose I wore it for about 3 days and had to take it back, praying it won't take another 2wks.
One week into it I went into the store to just get an update since I was shopping around there anyways.
Jessica was there but was busy and I ended up talking to a different lady which she was very rude and talked to me like I shouldn't even be in this store or afford anything there.
Her name starts with a "K" I think.
She said to me when I asked about an update "Well what does your claim ticket say?
You would go by that.
" Either way I called their main customer service line to update my card information and told them about the service I got there.
(Yeah I got their card they had a good deal, no interest for 12mos.
) The guy apologize and said their stores reps don't represent the company very well because he himself had the same problem at a different Kay store went he went ring shopping for his fiancé and he works for them!

