My daughter absolutely loves it here.
The staff is awesome, caring, attentive and love working with kids.
The owner, Mister Todd, is there every day and knows all the children by name and ensures that he hires nothing but top notch care givers.
The director, Miss Darlene, knows every single child there, too and helps with the day to day operations of the school As far as cleanliness goes, the facility is pristine and adheres to very high standards.
I had no qualms signing up my daughter here.
Security~it's a secure building with video monitoring that is actually monitored by Mister Todd.
My daughter has learned so much while attending The Goddard School and I know she is in good hands while my husband and I are at work.

Wonderful, loving environment- my daughter has been here since opening day- we made the mistake of "trying" some other schools closer to our home and honestly could not find better and ended up right back where she began at 3 months old!
The owner is fabulous and my daughter will not leave school without finding him to give him a hug!
Always an open door to his office.
He truly, genuinely cares about the kids and families and works very hard to make his school the best.
And the director is also amazing, is a Mom, and understands.
Her creativity touches every inch of the school- we could not be happier at this school.
I dread the day she has to graduate!
Thank goodness for 3 more years...=)

My kids LOVED this place!
Feels like you're seeing family - EVERYbody remembers your name and the name of every kid.
I was just amazed that "Mr. Todd" really remembered us by name.
One of my kiddos is very shy, but Mr. Todd was always wonderful to her, and after a couple months, she started giving him high-5's.
Whenever we had a concern, it was addressed immediately.
The teachers went out of their way to treat our children like they were the only one's there.
They always give lots of feedback on how YOUR child did - not just generic comments, but always at least one specific detail.
Can't say enough positive comments about them!
(and I am VERY particular about who cares for my child!!

I find it interesting that all of the reviews for Goddard on yelp are perfect!
However on Google it is very different.
I wonder which company they are paying to delete all the negative posts.

