I am giving this place two stars and they all go to Frank.
More on that later.
So I walk into this AT&T store to see the newest phones they have as I am in need of upgrading my phone.
It is not overly busy but you would expect some to at least greet you within about two minutes of being in the store.
I mean I have walked into many AT&T stores in my years and usually within a minute, someone comes to ask if you need assistance.
This store, NADA.
I walk around the store and while checking out phones, I notice that other customers that have come in after me have been greeted and are being helped.
Me, still nothing.
15 mins later, one of  my friends comes into the store to find me and I mention to her that I have yet to have anyone acknowledge me in this store but whatever.
I was looking for a specific phone so she goes up to one the sales men and ask where this brand of phones are located, he shows us and proceeds to walk away before I could ask questions.
I am like really?
Man, if I was a secret shopper this store would FAIL!
So we left.
Fast forward to about an hour later, and I go back to this store seeing as I was still in the mall and my phone was acting up.
Again I walk in, it is not busy at all, and again no hello, no nothing.
However I proceed to walk to the back and get a huge smile and hello from Frank, who is one of the service techs.
(Hence the two stars) I am like wow, thank you for that warm greeting.
It is a shame that I had to come all the way to the back of the freaking store to get a hello.
They then proceed to call the manager Mario (as I had told them what had  happened when I came into the store an hour earlier).
He apologized profusely for what had happened and assured me that it would not happen again.
(hmm right) I will give Mario credit as after all this, he did take the time to answer all the questions I had regarding a few phones that I was interested in including the new IPhone, but both stars still go to Frank for that wonderful smile, greeting and help I received, even though I had to go to the back of the store to get it.

Can I just say I normally HATE any situation that forces me to walk into a cell phone store?
BUT, if I have to take care of something involving my phone, the only store I will go to from now on is the AT&T by PV mall.
I went in because I wasnt sure if I wanted an Iphone or something else, and the manager Simeon was beyond helpful.
Answered every question I had, compared other phones I was interested in, and just went totally above and beyond.
When it comes to phones, I can be a little slow on the uptake, but he was so patient and went over all the features and pros and cons to each phone.
Normally, when  get a new phone, it takes me forever to get used to it and figure out all the features, but I left the store already an expert, thanks to Simeon's tutoring!!
Oh, and my favorite thing about this location, (thanks again Simeon for filling me in), is that they have a warranty center in the store!!
Nice!
So if my phone gets lost, or stolen, or ran over by my car, (yea, its happened), I dont have to wait for a new one, I can go right into the store and get it switched out.
Love that!
Overall, my best phone buying experience, to date!

I've been a AT&T customer since the begining when it was called McCaw.
Now before you say idiot, let me say I haven't had many dropped calls and I travel all over the US and Canada.
When I drive i will occasionally hit a blind spot but for the most part everything is good.
I'm familiar with the CDMA versus TDMA arguements, but I just haven't had many bad experiences to complain about.

I have been loyal AT&T customer for last 13 years and I have not been so unhappy with the service since an incident happened last month regarding my service.
I am letting my sister use one of my phone lines.
She is just using my phone, I am paying the bill, and basically she has no authority to add/remove any features to any of my phones/ipad lines.
Her name does not appear in the bill.
I am the only account holder for all my phone/tablet services.
But last month, she decided to walked in to this store and asked if she can upgrade her line to an iPhone without my permission which she was able to do so, and I don't know how she was able to do that.
The person that helped(name Brandon) according to the the Manager(John) verified her identify by checking her ID and compared to the name in the account (which does not match since we do not have the same first and last name) so obviously it was not verified.
The line she is using is not due for upgrade because I just added it a year ago so they decided to upgrade my iPad line which is not a phone and added different features even change the monthly charges ( I pay $25 per month for 2GB which this particular plan no longer exist).
Also, added two more features in her line which all of these they made I did not authorize since my sister is not the account supposedly not authorize to do anything with the account except use the phone.
Bottomline is, these people that work here does not even protect the privacy of their customers.
How can an indviidual possibly say  they have verified her identity and matched it to the account.
If they did, they should have not let her upgrade her line(first of all it is not ready for upgrade) and she is not authorize to user.
HER NAME DOES NOT APPEAR TO THE ACCOUNT AT ALL.
Therefore, she cannot upgrade/change anything without my permission.
I called AT&T and they cannot even help me because they said I have to call this place directly since it is a corporate store and need to speak to the Manager(John).
And that whatever happened they are the one to fix it.
I did speak to the Manager and told me that he will fix it which up to now my account is still not fix.
My iPad line still showing a phone and new charges.
I am paying a lot of money monthly for all the lines I have and this is the kind of service I get.
RIDICULOUS.
I do not recommend this store at ALL.
It is purely but do not provide quality service.
No customer service at all.
I have been calling for the last 15 days to get everything fix but so far not everything has been resolved.

