This was my first experience was HOT yoga and I LOVED it.
You should know that I hate saunas - longest time in a sauna ever was about 30 seconds.
But I love a good masochistic workout, so I really wanted to try this.
First of all, about the facility.
I have done yoga in many studios and love my classes at the YMCA in Ahwatukee.
This yoga studio is so so beautiful!
The space is open, inviting, relaxing, and extremely clean.
The hot room has ceiling fans, and when it gets too warm, the instructor opens the doors to let cool air in.
Even with all the bodies in the room, there was NO stinkiness!!
This was always my biggest fear about hot yoga.
I wore capri yoga pants and a yoga top.
I brought a full length towel, huge bottle of water and a yoga mat.
The instructor placed me close to the door in case I needed to cool down.
The class pace was perfect - flowing from one pose to the next.
There was wonderful non-new-agemusic playing on a great sound system the whole time.
The posture instructions were clear and easy to follow, however, I think it would be difficult for a beginner.
It could be that the instructor knew there were no beginners, and therefore, didn't go slow.
I had to stop three times towards the end of the class.
I was too hot and my heart was beating too fast.
After a three minute break (still in the room) and some water, I could finish with the class.
My mat, clothes and towel were completely wet - I'm not talking damp - I mean WET.
I highly recommend bringing an extra change of clothes for after class  and wearing as little clothing as respectably possible in the class!
The class costs $16 for an individual session, or $20 for two classes (two weeks in a row).
They have a ton of different class purchase plans available with varying discount levels, depending on how many sessions you purchase.
I don't see myself doing this regularly, but LOVED the experience and highly recommend this facility!

I had been practicing hot yoga for a year and a half before moving out here in August.
Since then, I've been having some trouble 1. finding time to practice and 2. finding a decent yoga studio to practice at.
My friend introduced me to Sumit's Yoga after she saw an ad for it in a magazine offering 2 weeks unlimited free.
I had gone a few times to a different yoga studio in Chandler and didn't love it, so I decided to give Sumit's a go.
Well, after my first class, I'm not sure about it.
I didn't dislike it, but I also didn't LOVE it.
In all honesty, I don't think I'll ever LOVE a place as much as the place I left in Chicago, but I want to at least come out of the studio and be like, I LIKE this place!
I came out of Sumit's being like, I'm not sure what just happened.
I have to come again...maybe.
Let me give you a re-cap.
Upon entering, Sumit the owner was at the front desk chattin' it up with someone.
He seemed to know a lot of the people coming in, so that was kind of nice.
He had me sign a waiver (as all yoga studios should) but didn't really explain it to me because he was busy chatting.
Understandable that being personable is important to the sustenance of the studio, but what if I was someone TOTALLY new to hot yoga and didn't know what I was getting into?
I think it's important to take a minute with a newbie to discuss some of those things before going in to make that person feel totally welcome.
Granted, he did take the time to point out where the women's locker room was, but I could've figured that out on my own.
I may NOT, however, been able to figure out how my body was going to feel the next day or that I should continue to drink plenty of water even after the class (things newbies might not know).
When I entered the studio, I was really surprised the see the floor was actual floor (some type of wood or maybe bamboo).
All other yoga places I've been to have had a carpeted floor.
Not actual fuzzy carpet, but you know what I mean.
I thought it would be uncomfortable during poses that required me to be on my back, but it actually wasn't so bad.
Anyway, the first half of the course was led by someone other than Sumit, but the last half was instructed by him, and I have to say, I liked that part the least.
It's some sort of power yoga where he pumps up the tunes to a ridiculous volume and makes you plow through the poses really quickly, which I don't think is very safe.
We were being put into poses that we didn't go through in the first half of the class, so I thought damage could've been done to some of those unused muscles all of a sudden being used at a very fast pace.
I thought stretching some of those muscles out suddenly wasn't very safe, either.
The volume was up so loud, too, that I couldn't hear anything Sumit was saying, so at one point, I just stopped.
At that point, I'm looking around the room, and I see that a girl was resting on her back with her eyes closed, and Sumit was pouring water on her chest from her water bottle!
I was like, What is going ON here?!
She didn't seem to mind, though, so I was concerned that this was something he did often.
That was what really threw me.
Up until that point, I tried to keep an open mind and say that all studios are different, but THAT was a little too different for me.
I also didn't like how the ad that my friend gave me advertised yoga with music (which was something the other studio I went to did NOT have that I did not like), but only the loud-blasting music during the second half of the class was it.
Still, I liked the first half of the class for the pace, the second half for the music, and I came out sweating like I should, so I'll give this studio another try.
Bonus: You can see who is teaching the different classes online and reserve your spot online prior to going.

I have decided to sign up @ Yelp just to write this review and if you wonder why I am starting my sentence this way  take a moment to read my two cents about this place.
Upon realizing that I only have two classes left @ my Bikram studio I have received magazine with 2-weeks free hot  yoga offer from Sumit yoga.
Being a salon owner and advertising in same magazine I had a couple copies of the same issue :) ( One for me one for a friend - always like to have  a partner in crime.. lol ).
So I thought I would try it.
Practicing Bikram for almost 2 years  and swimming a mile once or twice a week I thought there was not much that can still surprise me.
Hot yoga can get better & by better I mean ... having minimum time for myself I want to get maximum out of my  workout or whatever you want to call it.
Being over 30 lets just say slowly starts diminishing the obvious not being twenty anymore..
So if you care about your appearance you start looking for the impossible: What can I do to look  and feel younger if I only have couple hours a week for myself .
I would have to say Sumit yoga just may be the answer.
My friend got the shape up she wanted in a week for her 20th high-school reunion and I..I am writing my very first review because I believe that as a Beauty professional that on daily basis helps people to look better, it is my responsibility to explore and inform the public about all the available options that can help to make you feel better about yourself inside out.
I feel that thanks to the style of this yoga each individual has, physical, mental & emotional relief available withing a reach in only 70 minutes.
Not to mention that I can guarantee you if you make it through your first class you will feel like a hero at the end.
After all what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger ... *** I have checked out  reviews for Sumit's yoga @ few locations.
I think if you there to pay attention to other things then to get the best out of your practice you need to find more socially interactive outlet.
Personal insults are just a sign of very unstable and judgmental people.
If you get a bad apple from the tree that does not mean that the whole tree is bad!
***I wish that all the competitors that are writing the one star reviews for  Sumit's  studios would just focus on bettering their studios to such professional, structured yet kind and friendly environment!!!
*** After-all the amount of current Sumit's yoga location and additional once rising in near future, considering the owner is only 30 something, speaks for its success on its own.

I have decided to sign up @ Yelp just to write this review and if you wonder why I am starting my sentence this way  take a moment to read my two cents about this place.
Upon realizing that I only have two classes left @ my Bikram studio I have received magazine with 2-weeks free hot  yoga offer from Sumit yoga.
Being a salon owner and advertising in same magazine I had a couple copies of the same issue :) ( One for me one for a friend - always like to have  a partner in crime.. lol ).
So I thought I would try it.
Practicing Bikram for almost 2 years  and swimming a mile once or twice a week I thought there was not much that can still surprise me.
Hot yoga can get better & by better I mean ... having minimum time for myself I want to get maximum out of my  workout or whatever you want to call it.
Being over 30 lets just say slowly starts diminishing the obvious not being twenty anymore..
So if you care about your appearance you start looking for the impossible: What can I do to look  and feel younger if I only have couple hours a week for myself .
I would have to say Sumit yoga just may be the answer.
My friend got the shape up she wanted in a week for her 20th high-school reunion and I..I am writing my very first review because I believe that as a Beauty professional that on daily basis helps people to look better, it is my responsibility to explore and inform the public about all the available options that can help to make you feel better about yourself inside out.
I feel that thanks to the style of this yoga each individual has, physical, mental & emotional relief available withing a reach in only 70 minutes.
Not to mention that I can guarantee you if you make it through your first class you will feel like a hero at the end.
After all what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger ... *** I have checked out  reviews for Sumit's yoga @ few locations.
I think if you there to pay attention to other things then to get the best out of your practice you need to find more socially interactive outlet.
Personal insults are just a sign of very unstable and judgmental people.
If you get a bad apple from the tree that does not mean that the whole tree is bad!
***I wish that all the competitors that are writing the one star reviews for  Sumit's  studios would just focus on bettering their studios to such professional, structured yet kind and friendly environment!!!
*** After-all the amount of current Sumit's yoga location and additional once rising in near future, considering the owner is only 30 something, speaks for its success on its own.

This is a workout like no other.
I've been doing Bikram yoga for about 2 years and while I love it -- it doesn't do much for upper body strength and it is the same class each and every time.
Sumit is a perfect fusion of Bikram heat with Ashtanga power moves done at a fast pace.
Definitely the most strenuous yoga I've ever done.
I'm currently doing the 2 week intro -- so glad I found this place!

Tried Sumit's Yoga during the temporary Bikram Tempe, AZ closure.
Sumit's is a very challenging work-out.
Anyone that says Yoga isn't a work-out probably has never done mid-level to advanced Vinyasa let alone Hatha Yoga.
The teachers are friendly and the studio is extremely well kept.
I did enjoy the classes, however I found it just wasn't for me.
One key difference I found between Bikram and Sumit is that Bikram is more meditative.
Bikram moves a bit slower with savasanas (sp?
) during the floor series.
There's also a lot of emphasis on breathing exercises.
Sumit classes lean more on the work-out aspect, with push-ups and sit-ups and Vinyasas.
These are pluses if you are looking just for a work-out.
But for myself, where I enjoy mixing things up with resistance and cardio type exercises, the meditative aspects of Bikram are a big reason I go.
Don't get me wrong, Bikram is a very challenging work-out - I'm struggling through the entire class, however in Bikram I feel like I'm truly getting away from stresses in life for 90 min.
Whereas Sumit's I feel there's an element of just figuring out how to keep up and what to do next - and that's a stress in itself.

Love this studio!
Teachers are nice and accomodating.
This is possibly one of the best yoga classes I have studied.
This is a place where you sweat your ass off while listening to music and meditating.
Love Sumits Yoga and love the studio in Chandler.
Best part is the practice is expanding so check out the website.
www.sumitsyoga.com

Never say never, I was completely against hot yoga, the thought of being in a stinky sweaty room with other peoples body heat was the last thing on my mind.
But right before my Birthday last year I decided to try new things and I am so glad I did.
Not only did I like it, I loved it.
First, it is  great workout, second I feel like I had a massage after the class.
Third, staff great especially Serena, I highly suggest taking her class, she is motivational, plays great tunes and will make you smile.
If you are new to hot yoga or didn't click with bikram before you give up on it try Sumit.

Sumits Yoga in Chandler is a great studio!
I had never practiced yoga let alone "hot" yoga!
The instructors are great!
My first session was with Julia and she was a great instructor.
I would recommend Sumits to anyone interested in trying hot yoga.

Before moving to AZ last Dec, I practiced Bikram yoga in LA and loved it!
I had never heard of Sumits yoga until moving here.
I decided to give it a try and I'm really glad I did.
It's a great workout and I like that it incorporates power flow in between postures.
The fast pace and music really get me pumped up during the session.
The studio itself is very clean/modern and the staff are always very friendly.
Now for which hot yoga style I prefer between Bikram and Sumits - I like both!
They are very different from each other, but both a great workout and a great way to flush all the toxins out of your body.
This is one workout I actually look forward to going to.

Just signed up for 2 week option.
Went to my first "hot yoga" class today at Sumits.
I use to do regular yoga at Lifetime.
I really never felt I was getting any benefits (weight loss, muscle tone etc...)  from regular yoga.
During this "hot yoga" workout I was really sweating!
I hope that means I was getting a good workout.
Anyways....I did enjoy it.
The 80 minutes flew by!
About the facility.
The staff were amazing.
Jodie taught the class and was so sweet, and made the workout stress-free.
The place was clean and had a an upbeat atmosphere.
I loved the music they played.

Great place for hot yoga!
I had never taken any yoga classes before this and had no idea what to expect.
The 80-minute sessions have all been amazing work outs, and flown by, each instructor has been very motivational.
I've been telling my friends and family about Sumits Yoga!

This studio is probably the best hot yoga studio I have been to.
I went there several times a week for about a month over the summer and enjoyed it every time.
I love the music they play and I love that the teachers are knowledgeable and motivational.
I really got a great workout while going.
The space is clean and even smells good....that's pretty awesome for a hot yoga studio.
I like that they have wood floors...it makes me feel like they can keep it cleaner and it's easier to balance on.
The reason why I knocked it to 4 stars is because it is simply unaffordable.
I have a fairly good job, but I don't think I could afford to keep going.
If this place was reasonably priced, it would definitely get 5 stars from me.

Unbelievable!
This studio is the best!
Incredible instructors and clean, modern studio.
Sumits is a Hot Power Flow Yoga, perfect for ANYONE.
The music is always good and classes are always full.
Bring plenty of water and towels, you will need it.
Its 80 minutes long and you will be wrenched when its over!

A different kind of yoga.
Upbeat and music.
I like this studio, But I need more meditation.

love this place

My wife's wallet was stolen while she was in class.
The studio provides no security for valuables other than "cubbies.
"  Either someone came into the studio from the outside or someone in her 4:00 to 5:30 PM class stole her wallet.
Supposedly there is always someone at the front desk, so the filthy scumbag thief is probably someone in her class.
This scumbag tried to ring up  charges on my wife's debit card at CVS and at a Shell station, but Bank of America declined them.
Next they tried her Mastercard and charged $161 at Walgreens and another $59 at Virgin Mobile.
Then they used her Visa card to for another $300 in charges.
All cards are cancelled scumbag and the charges reversed.
We had to spend several hours on the phone with the police, credit reporting agencies, bank, and credit card companies.
Even worse, my wife lost precious, irreplaceable pictures of her deceased father.
Due to the lack of security for valuables, I would not recommend this business and am encouraging my wife to NEVER go back.

I have done a lot of "cold" yoga in my day and purchased this groupon before I realized I was buying "hot" yoga.
I decided to give it a try, anyway.
Even though I have yoga experience, I consider myself a beginner because it has been a while since I have done any yoga.
The staff at the studio was extremely helpful.
The instructor asked if I was new and proceeded to give me a lot of information about what to expect in the class.
I ended up taking the "flow" class as my first experience, rather than the Sumit class mainly due to the time it was offered.
The flow is different in that it is heat only with no humidity and it is only 1 hour instead of 1 hr 20 min.
The poses in the class were very advanced, however, the instructor does encourage you to take as many breaks as you need and not to try the advanced positions until you are ready.
I did pretty well keeping up but the heat did get to me about 45 minutes in.
I guess you just have to get used to it.
The staff was great, the facility was great.
I'm not sure if I like the hot yoga yet, but am going to give the Sumit class a go tonight and see how it compares to the Flow class.

Love this place

Wish I had jumped on the hot yoga bandwagon much sooner.
Really enjoy going to Sumits.
It's an incredible 80-minute workout that, thanks to the music, actually gets me to shut my brain down and not think about all the days' challenges.
The workout is ideal for all yoga levels, and I feel like I can push my practice each time.
The instructors are fantastic.
They're open seven days a week, and the weekend classes are really relaxed - not so crowded.
The weekday evening classes can get pretty packed so get there early to stake out your space.
You can bring a friend for free on Tuesdays.
Great way to try Sumits for the first time.
Watch for deals around the holidays.

Any of the Sumits location is great to fit in an 80 minute session of hot yoga.
All of the staff is awesome and really help you out to perfect yoga poses during each session.
And they have hard wood floors and not the nasty carpets.
Ugh!
I re-started again after a year and half being busy but am glad to be back!
You really get to sweat out all of your pores - as if I don't already sweat enough!!
So for those of you who are lucky non-sweating people you gotta try this.
;)  Aside from leaving all the mental stress of your daily life at the beginning of the class, the first half is about getting used to the basic poses, breathing correctly and being at peace with yourself.
Second half lets you go through the various flows and raises your heart beat.
You really get a good wholesome workout!
And then you end in a shavasana pose aka the resting "dead pose.
" This allows the circulation to flow throughout your body and return to resting heart rate.
Just make sure you wash all your towels and clothing and yoga mat immediately after class.
You don't want that gross mildew smell.
Blah!
Drink lots of water before and after.
Don't go on a full stomach because you don't want tummy issues.
Enjoy what the class has to offer!
And feel good about yourself because you got a really sweaty workout and relieved all that stress!

I got a Groupon for this and have tried two classes at this studio so far - Sumits Yoga & Sumits Flow.
The Sumits Yoga class was way too hot and long (80min) for me; Sumits Flow however was 60 min long and wasn't as hot.
The studio is beautiful and the instructors are very patient and helpful.
I'll definitely be going back.

Sumits Yoga is a wonderful yoga studio.
The instructors are very knowledgeable and helpful.
I have been going there for awhile, and I love every minute of it.
The music played is great and keeps your motivated throughout the 80 minute session.

