Fantastic customer service, particularly by Leslie.
As I work in the mall, it's nice that I can pop over to the store on a break if I need a new phone or am having any technical issues.
They are fast & extremely helpful.
Highly recommended!

justin marrujo likes his job and it shows.
He was so helpful in explaining everything and getting me all set up with a new phone.

Wanted to specifically do a shout out to a particular person.
This store has always been convenient for us to get to, and we've never had to wait long.
Finally took the plunge to get a grown-up's phone, and Jon G. was exceptional service.
Anyone that can put up with my and my boyfriend's personalitys for that amount of time deserves an award.
He was very clear, concise, and informative.

I have to say, in the 9 years or so that I have continued, for some reason, to use Verizon as my wireless phone company, that their overall report card would be about a C- or D. I can't count the number of dropped calls, missed calls (many of them important personal and business calls), and now bait and switch tactics that I find to be the nail in the coffin for me continuing to employ Verizon at all.
I was promised a "free upgrade" to the iPhone 4S back in Jan. 2011, effective Sept. 2012, a fact which was made clear by Verizon reps, and embedded in clear language on the My Verizon part of my online account.
Now, as I go to verify the details of that "free upgrade", I am told in no uncertain terms by a rep that "No, we've never offered that, you'll have to pay for that phone and the upgrade fee of $30".
Case in point, Verizon are a bunch of racketeering charlatans who deserve a massive class action lawsuit due to their shoddy phone service, poor customer service, empty bait-and-switch promises (lies), litany of missed and dropped calls, and more.
I hate that I pay $97 per month to hope and wonder if I will get that important business call tomorrow instead of today, or that the call will suddenly be dropped in the middle of important conversations.
I am not singling out this particular location, btw, but the company at large.

Isn't it just typical of Verizon to have sent me this reply to this review last week, only to not reply to me like they said they would.
And since customer service is one of major nits with these people, for me, the ball is in their court, which they have failed to return:  "I am very concerned about your experience with our company Chris!
I apologize for the inconvenience you had with your upgrade as well as the service!
Allow me the opportunity to restore your confidence in Verizon Wireless.
You deserve the best customer service and I am here to give that to you!
I would like to address your concerns with the dropped calls and provide you information about your upgrade.
Please reply back with your full name and mobile number.
I will contact you to better assist!
"  I gave them my name and number last week, and have not heard back from them.
And, I'm not going to go chasing a lame duck.
And, now that I read that Verizon donates millions of our dollars to political special interests (which don't have OUR best interests at heart), it just keeps nailing the coffin shut for me.
Yes, other big name mobile communications companies use their huge profits for political influence, but almost everything about the way Verizon does business, and fails in its service approach puts them at the bottom of the list behind AT&T , T-Mobile, etc.
These companies are dominating our lives because they know, or figure upon the fact that we can't do without our mobile devices.
But, what if we all took that power back, and formed a union, and jumped ship en masse?
We would bring them to their knees.
Who's with me?
And hey, Verizon, how about no more mandatory software "upgrades" that actually slow my phone down and mess it up, with lost settings, that simply pisses me off!
And, when will my phone ring when the ringer is turned on?
Should I ask for a rebate check for the myriad of lost and deferred calls--some which have cost me a potential client?
And, are you going to make good on your promise of a free upgrade to iPhone4S, or was that all golden carrot-dangling mularkey?
Update: 8/19 -The customer service rep who responded below, just like the last person, asked for my info to get right back to me with, and of course, never did.
Or, maybe she tried, and the phone never rang, being Verizon.
I think I am going to sue Verizon for all my money back + damages.
$97 x 20 months = $1,940.
Anyone want to start a class action suit with me?

I went online and found the number for Verizon sales even though  Verizon wouldn't price match and they were the most expensive of all the companies we looked into.
But we have a friend at Verizon and he had convinced us that that Verizon was the best cell phone provider.
I had good service with t-Mobile and even Cricket before that so I really didn't need the best company so we went with Verizon and all my troubles began.
I ended up spending $300 for my primary phone and picked a free one for the family phone.
So I spend $300++ one week and a few days later the phones arrive linked to temporary phone numbers.
We have to call Verizon again and give them all the information to port our old numbers over and then the phone system drops the call but by then I found a web page for Verizon where you can port the number via the web app.
We port both the numbers and the next week we get a bill for another $240 more dollars.
What the ....?
We are terribly confused; we knew Verizon was the most expensive but we expecting the first bill to be around $150 a month.
So we get a hold of a customer service representative who explains that since there were two temporary numbers and the two new ported numbers that the bill was so large because we were being charged for four lines.
He says it's just a mistake in the system and that in a few days it the difference will fall off the bill.
A week later we call back in and are told that they intended to charge the full $240 and that all the fees were legitimate and customary for new customers (what a reward).
After all the looking and exhausting hours searching for the right plan with the "best" company we are taken back at all the costly prices, lack of price matching and now excessive (new customer) fee's.
We ask that they honor their word and proceed with the discount or credit to our count to match what they told us last time we called.
They couldn't; I guess the customer service reps don't have enough permission to actually provide customer service.
So we get a supervisor who keeps cutting us off while we are talking and tells us that in the previous call they didn't say that part of the balance was due to us being charged for 4 lines and that part of the balance will fall off the bill in just a few days.
I express that we are tired of being treated as though we are lying and ask her to pull up the last call we made and listen to the associate and what he told us.
She says that she can't do that but her supervisor can (how many supervisors does it take for Verizon to honor their word).
It gets so much better.
She then proceeds to tell us that it doesn't matter what he said because if he said that then he was wrong and she is right and we will have to pay all of it and it doesn't matter what Verizon promises you and that they don't have to keep their word.
I am blown away.
I ask her again to listen to the previous call (so I don't have to tell her to stop implying we are liars).
Oh it gets so much better she then tells me that if I proceed with my request for them to listen to the previous call and honor their word she tells me if they do so and find that the associate made a mistake that he would be written up.
What the hell!
All I am looking for is a bit of honesty and customer service from the most expensive cellular company out there.
So if I want them to honor their word the customer service associate who was very friendly and helpful and made us feel like valued customers would be written up.
What type of F..ing company would write up a customer service representative just because they may have made a mistake and what type of company tells the customer if you want us to honor what we promised we will write up our employee.
Geez why don't they tell me if I want to be treated as a valued customer and with respect five US jobs will be lost to outsourcing.
That isn't what they said but they might as well have.
Either I let them treat me like trash or else they will fire the associate that was helpful last time I called.
WOW!!!
I am astonished that the best and most expensive cellular company has no sense of gratitude for their customers, they have no idea what customer service is and as I want them to honor their word I have escalated the concern to the supervisor's supervisor and asked they review the call so they can avoid calling us liars.
I only hope they won't write up or fire the helpful associate and Verizon honors their word and fixes our account.
But at this point I can't see past the fact that they said they didn't have to honor their word and that the associate who was helpful and made us feel that Verizon cares about their customers will likely be written up or possibly fired if he made a simple mistake that customer service refuses to honor.
By the way at this point we are only talking about the screw you for switching to us fee (the Account Activation fee) $35.
The WORST experience I have ever had !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This review is for the Verizon Wireless store in Fashion Square:  I needed a few Apple cables which I failed to pack on my most recent trip to Scottsdale.
This store has excellent service and I absolutely would go back!
Way, way better than Santa's Verizon Store on Wilshire!

