I don't like Scottsdale much, but I needed to move closer to work.
I found this place awhile back and they put me on a waiting list which could hold the apartment I wanted for the current promo price (which was over $300 off of rent a month!).
They held this place for me until the lease at my current place ran out, which was about 5 months and at no extra cost.
The staff is super nice, I especially like Natasha and Lauren, since they answered hundreds of questions I had.
I got a newly renovated one bedroom which comes with granite countertops, stainless steel appliances and a laundry in unit.
The complex is really nice, clean, and much safer than my old neighborhood.
The price I got is a great deal, and even cheaper than some places in glendale which were closer to school.
There are a lot of convenient shops, restaurants and stores nearby, and the 101 is about 2 miles in either direction so pretty convenient.
I LOVE their ammenities (pool, jacuzzi, rooftop lounge, 24 hr gym, tennis courts, dry sauna, theater, pool table, dart boards, and weekly community events such as ice cream socials and dinner nights).
There's also a no rottweiler/pitbull policy which I like because those dogs scare me.
I just moved in so I haven't had a chance to use all of their ammenities yet, but I'm pretty sure I will be making the most of it!

Great Place to live in Scottsdale!

The staff is very friendly and I like the quiet, convenient location.
My favorite thing is probably the fitness center, it's small and sometimes warm, but there's usually a cardio machine available and they all have individual TVs.
The pools are nice too and they have monthly community events.
I've not been, but I appreciate that they're offered.
So, why the poor rating?
Well, because you get what you pay for and as one of the cheapest places to rent in North Scottsdale, you don't get much.
This is my third edit of this review and I'm trying to make it as concise as possible.
Basically, the maintenance sucks and the disappointing quality of my unit combined with the unresponsiveness of the service staff just adds frustration and takes away the ease that is supposed to come with renting.
I've submitted more work orders in ten months at Broadstone Ancala - including four AC issues - then I have at any of the other communities I've rented at combined.
I've also had more work orders ignored than I've submitted at any other place I've lived.
Some issues I've fixed myself and some I've decided weren't worth the hassle or having to bug management to get them done.
Others I've submitted multiple times before having it handled.
After my first poor review on Yelp regarding my second AC issue, I got a response from the property manager and she offered a nice apology and a concession on my rent, but so much has gone wrong since then (including being charged that concession the next month) that that is a distant memory and I cannot wait to get out of here!
Unfortunately they require two months notice, so I've still got some time (and more maintenance issues, no doubt) to suffer through.

I was taking a tour of this complex, and I literally saw two mice run out of the bushes...not that big of a deal I guess, but that's just the beginning.
I felt like I was on a used car lot, apparently they are desperate for people to move in, the person giving the tour kept trying to hard close me on signing that day.
I overheard a couple arguing, and one of them threatened to kill the other...this place looks nice on the outside, but it's straight ghetto inside.
Needless to say i did not sign a lease.

In all ways, no way should you live at Broadstone Ancala.
Property management style is unprofessional and problem resolution is questionable.
The ventilation is horrible and air conditioning doesn't seems to do much.
There are cheap materials used in the "renovated apartments.
" Only one pool seems to be operating at a time so  you are forced to use the front swimming pool with all the kids and beer guzzlers.
I could go on... but not worth the time.
Do yourself a favor if you are looking to live in Scottsdale, keep on looking.

My family and I have been here about a year and a half and really have no complaints but clearly you can't please everybody.
I like it here, it's quite and when my apartment flooded management and maintenance was on top of it.
Rachel the manager has been no nonsense in handling and issues I did have and maintenance has been quick to fix whatever needs fixing.
The other thing I like is they are constantly upgrading and maintaining the grounds.
Planting flowers, remodeling fountains, repaving the parking lot.
The grounds always look clean.

My husband and I relocated from NYC and moved into this complex on April 1, 2013.
Initially, we were enamored with the apartment we had rented because we had great views of the main swimming pool.
This was until, we spent our first night in the apartment and had the windows open and we could not sleep because of the noise right outside our windows.
People were hanging out, laughing and talking on a weeknight into the early morning hours 1:00 AM.
It was so bad on a number of occassions I had to call the police to have them quiet down.
Also, there are a number of racist people that live there.
I was called a spick (2 times) by two different people.
There is a bunch of teens on the property too that have loud pool parties on a Saturday night with underage drinking going on also.
The grounds are beautiful, but unfortunately, management needs to be alot more selective of who they rent apartments too.
We initially signed up for an 11 month lease and decided to break it after 4 months.
We bought a house because we were totally miserable there.
So please don't be swayed by the lovely landscaping and beautiful pool.
Things are not what they seem at this facility.

This place is still really awesome, the managers have changed and everything still stayed great.
A few months back I had a problem with tiny sugar ants but I told the front office and talked to the manager and I loved it because they treat everything with great urgency.
So Jasmine called someone for me and no more ants!
Shelly is the assistant manager and they both have been super patient and understanding working with us while my husband and I hit a rough spot finically.
We are super thankful for that.
Other then that everyone else that works here is super cool and kind.
It's a great option if your looking to be in this area.
;) I also really love that they are always doing something to help the less fortunate,fundraisers and such!
I am a volunteer at heart so I can appreciate that!

The apartments themselves are nice inside, very cute actually.
We've had problems with the washer/dryer/AC but maintenance did fix the major things.
We did have problems with the office staff, but I feel the issues have been resolved.
I had previously written a review about how displeased I had been with the office, the manager reached out to me and explained the situation.
I can tell the manager does care about tenants, I definitely respect that.
Overall, it is a nice place to live.

