Courteous staff, great prices, and cheap gas.
I love this place.
$1.50 for a dog and 32oz drink or $2.50 for a slice and 32oz drink are great deals for lunch as well.
I am a fan!

Pharamacy is great.
Cheaper then other pharmacies including walmart.

I like Sam's club.
I used to work there and it was nice back then too.
Things have changed since I worked there... for the better in my opinion.
First off, they don't have to say your name anymore.
I'm totally cool with this.
I hated doing that when I was a cashier/supervisor.
Half the names out there you just butcher anyways - mine included.
Prices are good on some things.
I like to get TP, paper towels, and meat here.
All that stuff adds up but it is generally a good price.
TIP 1: If you don't have a full list, don't get a basket.
Only buy what you can carry.
Those sample ladies will get you with their sweet treats!
LOL.
TIP 2: Hungry?
Get one of the meal deals.
I think they are priced right.
TIP 3: Sam's has a 100% guarantee on their membership.
Buy a membership.
If you feel that you don't save money, somehow, then have them refund your membership fee.
Seriously, buy tires from them... gas... TP, or whatever... for 363 days and then on day 364 go and have them refund it.
They may pull up your orders and give you the stink eye... but they will stand by their membership.
Please check with your store on this... but when I worked there I ated seeing people come in and get charged +10% extra just so they didn't have to buy a membership.
I'd beg people that if they just paid it I'd walk them over to the membership counter and refund their money right away.
Oddly enough people simply wanted to spend 10% more.
Seriously, if you don't feel like you use your membership enough, get a refund before your anniversary date.
TIP 4: If for nothing else buy the membership to get discount gas.
Looking at GasBuddy at this very moment Sam's gas is $3.21/gal.
It is the lowest in my area.
It generally is the lowest in the area.
It seems that when the gas prices get low-low, Sam's might be slightly higher, but when they prices go up Sam's seems to be the cheapest by far (way more than 0.05$/gallon).
I wouldn't doubt if they subsidize their store profits to keep their gas prices down.

I went in yesterday to have my tires rotated.
It turned out one of my tires was really bad and they could not rotate them for me.
The associate Chris was concerned for safety as my tire could blow at any time.
He offered to put my spare on to make sure I was able to get home safely.
I really appreciate his professionalism as well as concern for my safety.
He did it for no charge.
I have been a Sam's member for years and will continue to shop at this store.

I have both a costco membership and sams club, but have to say I have always preferred Sams Club!
They carry virtually the same products and the only thing I really hit Costco for is the dog food because it has received such good reviews.
Sams Club is never as busy as  costco, so you don't need to fight your way through the gobs of shoppers, this just makes the shopping experience much better.
I stay far away from Costco on the weekends for this very reason.
Sams Club has a great selection of meats, wines, and the vegetable/ fruits section is great as well!
The wait in the check out lines is never long and they always have enough staff to help with whatever your needs may be.
They also handle returns without question which is an A+ when it comes to customer service.

I really like this Sams Club.
It is clean, the staff is friendly and willing to help and there is a decent selection.
I will say that while I prefer Costco, I really do like Sams.
They also have some things at Sams that Costco doesn't offer so that makes it a nice alternative.
The food selection here is really nice as well.
There are often deals to join that give you some free items so look for those.
A good shopping experience.

