I used Sun Radiology services back in November after needing an urgent CT, my PCP (located next door) sent me to Sun Radiology.
My wait time and treatment there was pretty standard but since then, I haven't been the most pleased with the office.
When I call the office for financial reasons, I am transferred to a voicemail.
I leave a vm, yet it is never returned.
I have to keep calling over the next few days and hope to reach someone live in order to get answers or a resolution.
The billing is also not consistent.
I am set up on a payment plan for my portion after insurance, yet I don't get the same bill in the mail each month.
Its almost like it lags a month behind and my "true balance" is never shown.
I sent in my final payment and haven't receieved anything in the mail for the last 2 months.
I pay $75-100 over what my regular "payment plan" is each time I make a payment, and I was just in need of confirmation that it indeed is paid up to date.
I called  the office and was no longer given the option of reaching financial (just med rec/front desk/manager) so I opted for the front desk.
The person answering the phone seemed put out, and told me to call 4 different extensions and keep trying until someone answered the phone.
On the mail line, it doesn't give you an option to enter an extension number and when I explained that to the front desk, they said "well.. things have been changing, so I'm not really sure either.
" I had to go back to the hospital for the same condition (severe,stabbing pains) and they requested my ct scan as well as the report.
I told them my personal contact had written permission (signed upon my first visit) that would allow her to pick up the disk so we could bring it to the hospital as directed by my PCP.
When my personal contact got to SunRad, she was told that they would not give her any copies, but that if the hospital needed it, they could be the ones to request it.
Upon arriving at the hospital, the ER physician asked for the scan and when I explained the situation, he was furious and said they had no reason to withold it, they were just wasting our/his time.
(Sidenote:At the time I needed to get the IV, I had stressed to the nurse that I had been poked several times that day and I had one place that was yet to be hit..the nurse disregarded my concern, said she was sure she could get it... and 3 pokes and 2 blown veins later, finally succeeded...) I have since found SMIL (Scottsdale Medical Imaging) to be a much friendlier place.
Need a QUICK copy of your scan?
Give 'em an hour, they'll have it waiting for you.
Friendly smiles at the door and little to no wait time?
Need a walk in lunch time appt?
Would def.
recommend them (at the Biltmore Medical Mall) over Sun Radiology.

I had a CT of my brain done here.
Wait time was fine.
Everyone was professional.
They also went the extra mile to make sure I was taken care of.
I would go here again.
Obviously I hope I don't have to though.

After getting rescheduled to a week later we get there and was told that our appointment was a hour ago, when I clearly told her I needed the same time and was told no problem.
Then I had to wait for over a hour to get in a get a CT scan long story short I had to pay the price for there schedule mistake!

I was referred to this location by my friendly Aetna phone representative.
It is close to my work and I thought it would be convenient.
I walked in and was greeted by a curt "sign in" from the chick behind the counter.
I stated I was just here to make an appointment.
"Sign in and have a seat" she replied without looking up.
10 minutes later my name was called and I approached the desk.
I handed over my requested ID and insurance card.
"We don't take your insurance"  What?
They are the ones that recommended this place.
"We take Aetna, we just don't take your Aetna"  I didn't question her.
At that point her message was loud and clear.
My business was not wanted.
Given the appearance of the lobby and her attitude, I was more comfortable going anywhere else at that point.
Ever sit down somewhere, look around you and all of a sudden think being there was a mistake?
This is that place.
Oh yeah it looks great on the surface, but just look around you.
Really look.
See that grey market tv?
What is it...a Sorny?
See that chair with the duct tape?
That is a quality fix.
Look at the magazines...when were Paul Williams and Kermit The Frog on the cover of People?
See those spotted ceiling tiles?
I wonder if it's moldy up there.
See that lousy paint job?
To me it says 6 year old with a summer job.
This facility is as rough as the staff.
Once my x-ray was done at a better facility that afternoon, I went home and called Aetna.
No surprise that Aetna insurance is Aetna insurance and they do in fact have a contract with them.
Why was I given the run around by the rude chick at the desk?
Maybe she hates her job.
Maybe she makes poor choices.
Maybe it was a bad day.
None of that matters.
Her actions directly resulted in the business losing a customer and the writing of this one star review.

