Similar to Chipotle, Qdoba and the rest of that ilk, Rubios is a quick service Mexican restaurant, that, in addition to burritos, offers enchiladas, fish tacos, and more.
Think Baja Fresh, but with more options and a bit more delicious.
Prices were good, the service was great (they offered to fresh cook me just mushrooms and peppers with no onions), and the food was out fairly quickly.
They have a salsa bar with mild yet delicious chipotle salsa and salsa verde, and it's all you can salsa (if you take it to go, they have to go cups as well).
Food was good.
Not quite amazing, and I personally prefer Chipotle, but Rubio's is definitely delicious and was worth a stop on the way from Phoenix to Tucson.
I'll be keeping my eyes open for more in Phoenix.

Most times I go here, food is very tasty, but every 3rd or 4th trip it's not good at all.
Buyer beware.
I thought prices were a bit high for what you get.

great stuff, love their fish tacos, nachos, burritos, and salsa bar.
Also this is weird but their soda machine makes real good soda ;P. I wish the nachos were a little bigger though.

I'm generally very fond of Rubio's, but this location just isn't up to snuff.
The food is good, but somehow not quite as good as other locations (it doesn't seem as fresh).
The restaurant isn't as clean as it should be, the tables are always kind of sticky, and the restroom... well, it smells like swamp gas (and not just once).
Also some of the seats are town and have been "repaired" with large amounts of tape (the tape is worn and sticky and if you're a dude wearing shorts, it will pull the hair right off your leg!
) ...To be fair, I guess it could pull the hair off a non-dude's leg too, but let's just not go there.

Good fish tacos.

If you read my reviews you can probably tell I drive back and forth from Phoenix to Tucson.
This Rubio's is another great convenience for me.
I stop here all the time and the service is great.
I once ordered a burrito especial and the accidentally gave me the wrong burrito.
The manager took care of it immediately and also comped my lunch.
I didn't think that was necessary since it was an honest mistake but I was very impressed nonetheless.
I always appreciate good service and full lemonade containers when it's hot outside!

I love this Rubios.
I don't even know why I love it so much, but its so much better than all the other ones in Tucson.
I love the fish tacos, the salsa bar, and the coke zero on tap.
Caution: This review may be biased based on the fact that this is a tiny oasis in the awful, hellish drive to phoenix from tucson.

I have never eaten at a Rubio's before so have nothing to compare it to.
I had their shrimp tacos and thought they were pretty good.
The chips that came with them were kind of thick and not very tasty and the little bowl of beans that came with was not so hot either.
The soda machine had Vanilla Coke, which was awesome :) I guess my biggest complaint was about the salsa bar.
Four different kinds of salsa and with all of them they had the heat but no flavor.
We have all tasted good salsa before...this wasn't it.
A small redeeming factor was the pickled peppers at the bar, which were excellent and a nice touch.

So it was my first time in Rubio's.
I heard they have excellent fish tacos.
I love fish tacos.
I walked in and ordered the special, the coastal trio.
It includes a tilapia taco that I had grilled instead of blackened and an original fish taco which was big and crispy and a verde shrimp taco which was out of this world!
I will try a blackened Tilapia next time.
I learned on the food network that when cooking shrimp c means cooked and when the shrimp is an O it's overcooked and the shrimp taco was CCCC!
The service was good too, it was fast and they bring your food out to you.
I would have given the place a five but the restroom was a bit dirty, napkins on the floor and the mirror was frosted and looks old...

Although I was told by the staff that they were running behind, it didn't seem crazy, nor were there any angry customers.
In fact i got my meal pretty quickly.
Good to know that they have such high standards, not to mention great food

I've been here quite a few times these past few weeks.
They current have a tilapia burrito and it's the only place I know that even offers a fish burrito!
It's pretty good and it has me coming back for more.
The staff is extremely nice and pleasant.

The shrimp salad with butter lettuce was excellent.
Fresh ingredients like avocado and roasted corn really added to the flavors.
I felt satisfied & refreshed to hit the I-10 again for Phoenix.
I was disappointed that the salad was so small - didn't even fill the salad bowl.
The serving sized appeared to be over analyzed for franchise profit in lieu of a great salad & draw for healthy eaters.
Service is very friendly & professional.
Fresh salsa bar has great options.

