J and I have gone into this store twice in the last 6 months.
I knew the mattress I wanted already, but did not have J with me when I found it at another mattress store earlier last week.
We stopped by this Sleep America this past Friday so he could try the brand/make I was interested in purchasing.
J goes and tries out the bed and said, "Wow, with this bed...I might even be able to sleep through the night.
"  Having all of my information for the bed on hand already, I asked this sales guy questions about it anyway.
Warranty information - The bed website = 25yrs.
15 full replacement.
10 prorated Sales guy - 20yrs total.
Voiding warranty - stains voids your warranty (i sweat A LOT when i sleep).
Sales guy - "The warranty only applies to coil mattresses.
You cant void out this mattress.
You can pour a 2liter bottle of soda and vacuum out the liquid and you'll be fine.
"    Those are just 2 things I recall off the top of my head where the sales guy had incorrect information.
To top it all off, after we stated that we found the bed we wanted (we like firm beds, which we expressed to the man), the sales guy tries to get us to try 2 different brands of beds.
The Sleep Am brand and TempurPedic.
We indulge him.
Both makes of beds were right by the front door so we had to walk past them to leave anyway.
The sales guy had us lie down in both brands.
They were so freakin soft that I had to have J pull me out of them.
Not to mention the price tag was 1 - 2 times more expensive than the $1700 bed we were already interested in.
Just goes to show that most mattress sales people are in the same category as used car sales people.
They'll try to sell you stuff you do not want or need just to make a commission.
Will I return?
Nope.
Will I send business that stores way?
N O P E

I bought a tempurpedic cloud from the Tempe Marketplace location in AZ.
Floor model mattress with a new base.
It was delivered today with a filthy torn base.
This bed was purchase over the weekend for a Monday delivery - 2 days.
They are telling me I will get a new base next Wed - NEXT WED.
Worst customer service ever.
Judy was the one who I called with the problem and not my sales person.
She is rude and yelled at me even though I am the customer that was delivered a filthy bed and told me she did what she can and to call her region Jim Rogers but yet she gives me a number that goes to corporate and not his direct line.
Supposedly she can't give that out.
Apparently, they have major problems if that's the case.
I would definteily not buy anything from this place.
I am leaving the bed outside on my patio so they can pick it up when it works for them.
STAY FAR FAR AWAY!

Lets hope you dont need to use the warranty!!!
We havent even had our $1600 mattress 90 days yet and the box spring broke...cracked in the middle and poking out the bottom.
We went straight to the store and they put in a warranty call back for us.
A week a half later someone calls us to set up an appointment for someone to come and inspect and now the mattress is starting to dip in the middle because there is no support.
Where were we supposed to be sleeping until someone called us to see the box spring?????
BEWARE THEIR 3RD PARTY WARRANTY !!
!Because the store will not help you!!

