I have always received friendly and courteous service here.
I have never purchased tires but I have had a few flats repaired.
I seem to be able to find all the nails in the road.

I went in with no appointment for a wheel alignment.
They seemed busy, but I was still out in under an hour.
The salesperson informed me of my responsibilities to keep the warranty on my service in tact.
Hopefully the alignment was done properly.
I will update if anything goes wrong, but very happy right now.

Don't bother.
I had an appointment for an oil change on a Saturday afternoon.
The appointment was for 2pm.
I booked it several days ahead so that I wouldn't end up sitting in the waiting area for a long time.
When I made it I specified that I would be waiting, they confirmed day before.
I arrived and checked in 1:50pm.
At 2:40 I noticed that my car had not even been moved from the place I had parked it.
My boyfriend went to ask if they had maybe done it and put it back before we even noticed.
They apologized for the wait, and said that it was being done right then, and would be finished in a few minutes.
My boyfriend pointed to the car in the lot and asked again if maybe it was finished and they forgot to tell us.
Manager- "I don't know what the hell those guys are doing out there.
" He went and talked to the guys in the garage and they did start it a few minutes later.
He did not charge for it, and gave me a coupon for half off of the next one.
So I have to give some credit for that.
The rest of the experience really made up my mind though.
First of all, I know it gets busy and a manager needs to be able to trust that his employees will do their job, but this one was not keeping tabs on the employees and they were NOT doing their jobs.
They fix people's brakes for a living.The manager is reporting that they have provided service that had not been started.
In the hour I listened to the service managers conversations with the customers that were picking their vehicles up, I heard him tell several customers that he had done more work than they had authorized and charge them up to twice what they had been quoted.
It was necessary and required for safety reasons.
Same crap has been pulled on me and I know better now.
I just don't trust them, to the point where I checked my oil that day to see if it had really been changed.
It had been.

Not happy!
A broken car!
Do not let them do any work on ur car other than tire change you will end up in debt and with a broken car on top of that!
Do not apply for the credit card either its a trick to charge you more money after they screw up on ur car!

