Here in lies the question, what are you coming to this place for?
This restaurant is in the clubhouse of the Painted Mountain Golf course.
If you are coming here for the golf, I cannot comment, as I do not golf.
But, if you are actually coming here to eat at this restaurant, I have plenty to say.
We came here since our teammates were staying in a complex right next door and this would be a convenient spot to sit in the bar, watch the Giants game and have some dinner.
The bar staff was very accomodating for us, they rearranged several tables to fit 10 of us to eat.
Our waiter, was fantastic.
He learned everyone's names and addressed each person by name when their drinks came out, food came out, and asked them directly if they needed anything additional.
He even caught the fact that one of the guys had a birthday and went to the Karaoke leaders and got them to sing happy birthday.
(more on the Karaoke later).
I would give our waiter a 5 if I could.
We ordered drinks and non-alcoholic drinks all around.
Being quite hungry from our travels, we figured out what we wanted and placed our orders.
Most entrees came with a salad bar and soft rolls with honey butter delivered to the table.
SG ordered a Rib Eye Steak and I got the spaghetti and meatballs.
We both got the salad bar and went to load up.
The salad bar was pretty drab, but everything at least looked fresh.
Iceberg lettuce and an assortment of toppings.
The rolls on the table were just ok, but the honey butter was so good, I had to have more than one.I think I was trying to find anything to put the honey butter on.
Food arrived and the plates were fairly large.
The steak looked a good size and the spaghetti looked decent.
The spaghetti was a bit light on the sauce and the meatballs were pretty likely just out of a frozen package.
They were heated all the way through and tasted ok, but there is really nothing like homemade meatballs.
I could have used about a cup more of tomato sauce.
Come on, don't be so stingy.
The steak was ok.
I am a filet mignon girl, so it's hard to eat anything else.This was tender enough, but I had to dodge quite a bit of fat.
SG thought it was ok.
It was served with corn and veggies on the side that were ok.
Nothing too fancy.
While we were eating, at 8pm, the Karaoke began.
I have to say that I HATE karaoke.
I have a really tough time with people making fools of themselves and thinking they are good.
It is just painful for me to watch.
This was different.
It appeared to be the senior thing to do here on Friday and Saturday nights.They all came out and had their names on the list with their songs before they even arrived.
No one was under 60 and there seemed to be a limited amount of alcohol consumption prior to their singing.
( I think this was the key.
) And these folks were GOOD!
They sing much older style music of their genres, but they do it well.
We were all quite impressed at the quality.
If you are a senior and love your Karoake, this is the 5 star place to go.
But, eat before you come, cause the food is just ok.

Not great at all!!
A spot I will not visit again!

I may have to disagree with the majority of reviews of this restaurant.
We came here after my parents played a round of golf.
With their round they got two free steak dinner, which they raved about... not sure if it was more on the fact that they were tasty or that they were free, which today can be just as exciting.
I ordered the Coconut Shrimp with Sweet Potato Fries, and although this is a large plate of fried concoctions, it was delicious!
I could not ask for a more crispy, summer-y meal.
There were some problems with the service, we had a dirty glass and a bad glass of wine.
But they were very helpful in recognizing their fault and fixing the problem.
There was karaoke playing the night we were there, which was interesting, but not the creme of the crop participants if you catch my drift.
So if you are a  golfer and looking for a great place to go after your round, stop by.

We frequent for breakfast only.
They have a great full menu breakfast and a breakfast buffet.
During the snowbird season it's hard to get in.
Reservations are recommended.
The food is consistent and the staff are always friendly and ready to serve.
They do have a full bar for bloody Mary's and mimosas.
Sundays summer special are 2 or 1 burgers or appetizers.
They always have a happy hour special going on with cheap beers and margs.
We have played golfed here a few times not a bad course.

