Well 1 star is to good for you guys!
Well after I got 2 suits at the men's warehouse in paradise valley my father went to the one closer to are end of town.
So my father go in to the store to get the buy one get one free thy show him to and he says ok. Then the black guy how we find out later is a manger sells him the paints and jacket pice by pice then shirt the same way.
So my dad having to get suits after a lose in the family just pays and leaves .
So I ask him how much you pay for your suits because I just got 2 and a sports coat and shoes for around 800 he tells me 2 suits 2 shirts and he paid 900 + so I look and see how the guy missed charged him .
We call and talk to the guy that help him and he tells me that what my father wanted to buy we say no he said buy one get one so he starts getting mad and saying their nothing he can do .
So we had to go to the store I went to together it fixe.
Then to pick up the black one he need fast we had to go to the arrowhead store and walked in no one said any thing not hi or nothing so we walk to the back and find this young girl dressed like shit bra hanging out and jeans on ask here to find the suit we have the the ticket of both she rips it off and says I try and find it .
So another guy helps here she has ahold of it by the back of the jacket and is swing it around then shoves it in a dry cleaning bag.
So I ask this suit dose not get a suit bag she says I can give you one but it's not open so you have to open and let air for 24hrs before you put the suit in.
This is the worst store I ever been in and severs sucks!

I used Men's Wearhouse for all my wedding shopping.. socks, bowtie, shirts, tux, handkerchief, etc.
I love these guys!
They were super helpful!
Got 5 groomsmen outfits.
Got a gift cert and used that to purchase Vera Wang Black tux, MSRP $899.
We all looked sharp and the service was fantastic.
Everything went to smooth.
I used the online return and pick up portal to see when people picked up and returned their clothes.
What a fantastic experience.
Everything went without a glitch.
Thanks,  Happy Married 8/13

So far I haven't had the best experience.
There have been a couple miscommunications that I wasn't happy about.
Our first visit to the store a young lady helped us and referred us to their website to use build -a -tux so we went home and did that, came back the next weekend to find out that we didn't even need to do that.
My son got measured for his tuxedo on that visit and I was told I could come back and pick up the tuxedo when it was ready.
I got there today and they needed my son to make sure it fit well.
It's a 40 minute drive for us so we have to come back again tomorrow.
I talked to the manager, John and he was very generous and understanding.
Even more important he listened to my complaints and made me feel better about coming back.
Crossing my fingers the tux fits tomorrow!

