I have been to this EyeMasters store on two occasions: once to place an order for contact lenses, and once to pick the order up.
On both occasions I had to wait an unacceptably long time to be helped.
This store is seriously understaffed so, unless you have a lot of time to kill, take your business elsewhere.
Plus, the prices aren't that good.

I went here because my wife found a coupon.
That was my first mistake.
The doctor and assistant where both apathetic but that was ok because I don't really expect them to be too cheery after saying "better one or two" all day.
Then I ordered my glasses but had to wait about too long for help.
Ok that can happen.
I came back the next day to get my glasses (they couldn't make them the same day as advertised because a "machine was broke") and after waiting an excessive amount of time the prescription was wrong.
Saw the apathetic doctor again and he made lots of excuses.
They redid the glasses and I went back the next day.
I had to wait EVEN LONGER this time because there is only one staff member on and it takes a while to fit client's glasses sometimes.
The guy working there was nice enough but they need at least one more person.
Also the doctor and the assistant just sit in the back doing nothing if they have no patients.
God forbid they could come to the showroom and help someone.
Way understaffed!
Terrible.

I was really excited to find that Eyemasters was very close to my apartment, unfortunately my initial excitement subsided quickly...
I called on a Friday afternoon and was thrilled that they could fit me in since I was leaving for vacation the next day.
Since I was a new patient, I asked what I would need to bring and wasn't told anything in particular as I had already given my insurance information over the phone.
I had to make the last appointment of the day since I was at work until 5.
I realize that this is probably inconvenient for the optometrist, but a job is a job and that is how it goes - I never expected her to ACT inconvenienced however.
I had left work in a great mood and was happy and polite as I went in there and she was extremely cold and to say she was unfriendly would be a huge understatement.
She didn't even introduce herself, I only knew her name because I saw it when I was filling out my paperwork.
She was snappy with me and made me feel horrible while making a big deal that I hadn't transfered by previous medical records or brought my glasses... neither of   which had previously been mentioned to me.
As we finished up I didn't get so much as a goodbye and then heard her make a snarky comment to a co-worker about me as I left.
I felt awful and deflated as I walked out the door.
I unfortunately have to go back next week to have her check the fit of my lenses since I "didn't bring in my records," as I was reminded yet again.
That will be my last visit for sure.
Such a mean and apathetic doctor should not receive the privilege of new patients until she learns to drop the attitude and have compassion.
I should mention there are 2 doctors there and I know nothing of the male doctor who may very well be great.
But if you have the option, avoid the female doctor altogether.
Not  worth the abuse.

I had my eye exam elsewhere and then happened to stop by to look at frames.
I didn't even realize there was an optical so close to my apartment.
They are open evening and weekend hours and even some holidays (Memorial Day)-very important qualities in an optical for me due to my work hours.
They also accept my insurance (VSP plan), although I think it is a non-preferred provider.
The store has a huge selection of reasonably priced frames as well as some designer frames.
The optometrists were friendly and able to answer my questions.

this reveiw is ONLY for the exam department.
i have no experience with the front area that has all of the glasses (yeah yeah, i went to a glasses store and didnt look at glasses.
i do things like that.
I'm a regular rebel without a cause).
1st thing to do: ignore the front desk staff.
simple.
theyre short and dont have a big personality.
but who cares?
im there for a reason, so are they.
hand me my form to fill out, and leave me alone while i fill it out.
simple.
and thats what they do.
2nd thing: enjoy the eye exam.
have fun with the  Doc's cause theyre awesome and easy to talk to.
the one thing didnt like was that you HAVE to have a contact AND glasses exam.
you can not have only a contact exam.
kind of sucks.
but all in all, i will be back.

Got a bad prescription the first time.
Went back and got a different and better prescription from a different optimist risk.
Had to wait unacceptably long  to both order and pick up my contact lenses.
Actually left the store and came back right before closing.
Will not be back.

Worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Buyer beware.
Do not shop here.
Spend your hard earned money else where.
Just look at all the other bad reviews.
Teach your staff customer services skills.

