For some unexplained reason, I was really hungry and just had to stop by the nearest place to eat.
I haven't been to an IHOP in almost ten years so I figured, why not?
I really wanted pancakes since it IS the International House of Pancakes, but it was close to dinner time and wanted something really filling.
I'm not sure if this location is new, but it sure looks like it the way everything was kept and clean.
Everyone was really nice - from the host to the server.
I ordered the pot roast sandwich which ended up being a really good choice, however I wasn't a fan of their french vanilla coffee.
But all in all, I left full and my hunger was appeased.

Brought my son in for breakfast on the way to school.
Service is basically hit or miss, as is the quality of the food delivered to the table.
I am not complaining, and I realize that IHOP is essentially chain dining.
So would I go here again?
Eh, maybe I suppose.
It was at least clean and inexpensive.
Kudos to the owners for running a clean operation with a nice restaurant.
If I could give the owners one piece of advice it would be to really focus on the appearance of dishes coming out from the kitchen.
They just need some refinement so they won't look so sloppy and hap-hazzard.

We live in Surprise and have an Ihop much closer to us but we always prefer to make the trip out to this location.
Its not as crazy busy on Sat & Sun mornings.
If there is a wait its not but a few mins.
The restaurant itself is clean and tidy.
Doesn't have that weird smell that other Ihops tend to have too.
The staff is always friendly and the service is great.
I never run out of tea.
They sometimes have a balloon maker that works for tips and makes the kids cool balloon animals and such.

We go here for breakfast often because it's right around the corner from our house.
They have good solid food and pretty good service.
My favorite breakfast item is the Chicken Vegetable Crepe with Hollandaise sauce.
I also enjoy the Chicken and Waffles sometimes.
It's not a culinary adventure but just an everyday place that is dependable.

Not a fan!!!!
The service was good.
The waitress was a little slow but she apologized for being slow and brought me a lot of coffee which I appreciated because I was up before 7am that day.
The reason I'm not a fan is because of the food.
I realize this is IHOP and the food isn't supposed to be fantastic but it's supposed to be represented corrected by the pictures on the menu and warm right?
I ended up getting the fit and free breakfast meal.
Which consisted of two scrambled substitute eggs, dry toast, a cup of fruit and two pieces of turkey bacon.
Sounds good right?
I thought it would be too!
When the food came out I was super dissappointed.
I ended up getting half an egg, a bowl of spoiled fruit that I couldn't eat, turkey bacon and toast.
The toast was good but can you really mess up toast?
The turkey bacon was chewy and my eggs were cold.
I really wish they would have told me there was not going to be as much food as advertised or I would have gotten something different.

Solid breakfast diner food with quick service.
Anytime I know that time is of the essence OR if I'm with the kiddo's, this is one of our top picks.
Breakfast is good for any meal of the day :)   As an added plus, we've never had to wait more than a few minutes to be seated!
It's a good idea to let your server know if you're in a hurry.
I always mention what time our movie is starting at & they always get us fed and out within enough time to get to the movie theater :D  Little FYI about exiting.
If you are turning Left (west) onto Olive you might be waiting for a while.
If traffic is bad, you might want to go all the way around, exit on the side street and get to the light :)

The menu is pretty standard fare for breakfast.
The restaurant is always clean and the staff are friendly.
Surprisingly I ordered the beef tips dinner and it was super tender and had a good flavor.
I was pleasantly surprised.
They have the best croutons here!

I have been coming here for 5 years.
The new staff and management are great.
Always friendly and the food is served hot and in a timely manner.
Good place to eat.

The servers are very hard workers at this establishment.
There is nothing that makes this ihop any different from any other one.
Good food all around!

