We love Raceway Bar and Grill.
My fiancé and I found this bar about four years ago when we were living in Maricopa.
It's approximately two miles south of Harrah's and a mile west on Papago Road.
You can drive your car, your motorcycle or even ride your horse to this grill.
It's a very eclectic place with old signs and memorabilia all over you can even find an old phone booth.
Great place to have a few beers (if you're not driving) watch a game or NASCAR, play some pool or listen to some music.
The food is typical bar fare but good.
We particularly enjoy the fish tacos and the Candied Pecan & Craisin Harvest Salad of course the pizza and burgers are also excellent.
Next time you want something to eat and you are in Maricopa stop by you won't be disappointed and you will have fun too.

Love this place, order the Mexican food of the pizza!
If it was closer I'd give it 5.

We drove 11 miles from our home in Maricopa to try out Raceway Bar & Grill.
The atmosphere was fun, country, down-home, and comfortable.
We enjoyed all the antique signs and the personal touches, right down to the old chairs that had seen better days.
The food was just OK - we paid $11.99 each for fish 'n chips, and substituted onion rings for the fries ($1 upcharge) and skipped the jalapeno coleslaw.
We paid about $2.50 for a refillable Diet Coke, which tasted odd, like the water had come out of an unfiltered well.
The fish was fine - several long, squarish strips of white fish (cod?
) that was tender and breaded just right.
The onion rings were overdone, and it was hard to find the strip of onion under the heavy, hard breading.
I wouldn't order them again.
Bottom line: the place was interesting, the service was GREAT, and we may go back to try the burgers and fries.
Just not the onion rings, which is a shame, cuz we'd drive quite a ways for really good rings.
We would like to support a locally owned business!

great place!
fun atmosphere, tasty and affordable food, and a wide cold beer selection, everything seems to make you feel at home here.
fish tacos hit the spot, and I really liked the slaw - nice kick to it without being overpowering.
we'll be back again soon!

My boyfriend and I stopped in today for lunch on our way home from Payson after a recommendation from a friend.
Loved the decor, the waitress, Kim P, was very friendly and attentive.
My boyfriend ordered the carne asada tacos, while I had the chicken and rice soup and a chicken quesadilla with green chile.
Everything was very good and we even found a shortcut to get back over to Gila Bend!
We WILL be back!!!
The quesadilla was HUGE so my boyfriend had to take one for the team and finish off 3/4th of it for me.

The food was pretty good pub style grub.
The service is friendly.
It is funny I have only been there twice and both times in a small group.
Both times they forgot only my order and everyone else was done eating when I got my food, what are the odds.
Maybe I'm a sport but, I just can't trash a rating over a mistake.
Too many Yelpers pan a joint because the waitress stepped on their foot...

Nothing special about this place.
The food was acceptable, nothing more.
The service was slow..friendly but slow.
The patio looks like a place old furniture goes to die.
And it's in the middle of NO WHERE.
It's for a specific type of crowd for sure.

We came here for dinner in hopes that this place would end up being a bar we could go to on a regular basis.
We generally have to drive out to Chandler or Ahwatukee to get anything decent; Maricopa isn't exactly booming with great places to eat or shop.
When we walked in I liked the atmosphere of the bar; all the things hanging on the walls and from the ceiling was fun.
It was pretty busy and it took a few minutes for someone to find us a table.
Once sat our server introduced herself and took our drink order.
She came back and we ordered some chips and salsa to start.
We got our appetizer.
The chips and pico de gillo was great but the other salsa tasted off...it had a metallic taste.
We were waiting for our server to come back to take our entree order but she was running around to other tables.
We waited, and waited...and waited.
25 minutes later another server saw our menus still on the table when she went to grab them l I told her we'd been waiting quite a while to order.
She took our order; I asked for the fish and chips and my boyfriend ordered the meatball sub.
Now we waited and waited...and waited again.
The woman who took our entree order brought us more chips and salsa on the house for the delay.
Finally after another 25 minutes we got our food.
We were trying to stay positive thinking maybe all this waiting will be worth it.
It really wasn't.
My fish and chips seriously looked like those fish sticks you got as a kid.
They looked very unappetizing and the portion did not match the price.
Also the breading on them was falling off and was moist instead of crispy.
I couldn't believe I was paying near $13 for 5 little fish sticks and some under seasoned, frozen, crinkle cut fries.
This meal should really be priced around $8...$9 at the most.
My boyfriend's meatball sub was also on the smaller side as well but he did say it was tasty, however they really jipped him on fries.
Our original server came back, apologized, and refilled our drinks.
The whole evening was kind of blah.
I could honestly overlook all the waiting but what I can't overlook are the prices you pay for the food you get.
It's truly not worth it.
I'd rather make the drive out to Chandler or Ahwatukee and get better food and better service.
We're not sure if we'd be back.
Who pays $33 for cheap fish sticks and fries and a small meatball sub!?
We could have gone to Outback Steakhouse and gotten delicious prime rib for that price.

Always liked this place.
Outdoor pool tables, need I say more?
Service is always spot on.
Pours on bourbon always generous.
Owners seem to be around a lot, lots of cool stories from Chicago.
Food, meh... Not terrible, not great, but also not why I've frequented this place over the years.
A welcome change from chain restaurants and faux neighborhood bars.

Excellent place for food, entertainment, and big hearts.
They hosted the "Rock for Williams Syndrome" fundraiser event on April 26, 2014 to raise awareness for Williams Syndrome which my son was diagnosed with as an infant.
He is now 15 and when we walked in we were welcomed with open arms by the staff and the other patrons.
My son was catered to by the wonderful waitstaff and they even danced with him, the bands that donated there time were friendly, and the food was excellent!
My son and I had so much fun.
What an experience.
He was even interviewed for the newspaper.
I would definitely make the 1 hour drive again because it so worth it!!
I recommend this place for sure along with the pizza and the bacon wrapped shrimp jalapeno poppers.
Reasonably priced and yummy!

Never Again... Store bought frozen food heated up.
Poor service, dirty, loud, took forever.
The entire night was ruined by this experience.
Was so excited to try this place too!
We came in with friends laughing...left very sad and disappointed.
Sorry, but this place was really that bad, and pricey for the junk they served too.
I have no idea how anyone could rate this place any higher than a 2 star???!!!
...maybe weighted by friends of the owners?

Great Place to Decompress, If you can't get along with the owners who are always there and treat you like Familia then don't go to Chicago,Forget about it.... stay away.
The food is great, the service is great, I bring the family and have not  left unsatisfied.

