WORST customer service EVER.
Extremely rude and VERY unorganized!
Will NEVER return!
It amazes me how a small business like this would treat customers as they did me and my sister, maybe it was becuase we were women.
They told us a different story everyday, about an item we ordered.
We finally received it 4 weeks later!
When we were told the day we ordered it it would be in the next day!!!!
Plus you walk in to the place and there is just stuff EVERYWHERE just clutter and not very appealing at all.

Not sure what that chick is talking about...been buying bikes here for years and love it.
The owner is very helpful and they always have the best gear from their vendors.....shops like this blow away craphole big chains that claim to be board/ride shops

These guys are always super helpful to me, and do a great job repairing the tires on my bike even though it's not a dirt bike - it's just a cruiser.
This weekend  I came in with three tires that needed repair and not only did they fix the tires, but the owner saved me money - he originally said the bike might need a tire liner, then came and found us in the coffee store next door where we were hanging out while he fixed the tires to tell us that we didn't need the liner after all.
He could easily have sold us something we didn't need, but he was honest.
We are happy to support this local business.

I really like to shop here because they have a lot of different brands and things to shop for.
Shoes, tee shirts, beach cruisers and even little things like cliff bars.
Plus I really like the inside of the store, it looks cool with all the old recycled wood.
I enjoy retailers that try and incorporate some repurposing of materials and they did a lot of this when building the store.
Great concept and great selection.

If you are ever in need of a unique bike, board or clothing this is the place to go!
The staff members are very helpful and patient.
No other place on the West side compares to this shop.
I will be making many more visits to this shop!

Best bike shop in Arizona!
They restored a old bike for me and its absolutely wonderful.
My schwinn is brand new!!
I just recently got a brand new electra and its a great blue color!!
The service is top notch...
They went through gave me ideas help with my I cant decide issues.
Thank you small local business!

Just needed a little tweek for my bike and my son's.
Tightening up seat and handlebars, air up the tires, replace reflector.
You know .. little things.
Took my bikes here bc it's the closest place.
Here's everything they did right.
Greeted me quickly and politely, helped me unload the bikes, did all my requested tasks in a timely manner (15 minutes!
), loaded the bikes back in the truck, and best of all .. didn't charge me a dime!
Now .. here's what they did wrong.
...  *crickets*  See what I did there?
Seriously.
I could not have asked for a better experience.
I will definitely use them again .. and refer my biking friends over there.
They had some beautiful bikes.
Both expensive and not expensive.

This is the place to go for mountain bike, BMX, cruiser or just about anything that run on wheel.
I brought a folding bike in, ask them to have it convert into a single speed.
Gary and company got it done in minute, I was riding it with the hour.

