I am so glad and thankful that my Orthopedic Surgeon referred me to Synergy Physical Therapy after my ACL reconstruction!
The facility is very clean, nice and modern.
Vincent, the Owner, is very knowledgeable and really educates his patients.
He really knows what he is doing and I have watched him work with patients of all ages.
Vincent is never in a hurry, answers all of your questions and always has a smile on his face.
His Staff is very friendly and professional and makes you feel like you are part of their Synergy Family from the minute you walk through their doors.
The office runs on time, which to me is respecting my time!
The treatment and exercises are always different and are never the same, old same old, which really makes it fun every time I go.
It's challenging and it will make you sore but sore has never felt so good!
Synergy Physical Therapy truly is the place for me and YOU!
:) If you want to get better that is and are willing to work hard!

I went to Synergy a year and a half ago with a torn shoulder that I suffered with for years.Eventually I couldn't lift my arm above my shoulder due to the pain.
Vincent was awesome!
In 2 months going only twice a week he got me back to full range of motion.
I was totally impressed.
Currently I have a wrenched trapezius muscle that is pinching a nerve in my neck.
My Dr. recommended physical therapy.
Back to Synergy and Vincent!
I also agree with the other review.
Vincent works you hard and works hard on you and gives you homework exercises that are challenging.
But I am absolutely sure that is why I recovered so quickly.
If you want to be pampered, Vincent isn't your guy.
But if you want to be WELL, he is the MAN!

This past week I lifted weights once (including 75 squats, 75 lunges per Dr. Peries), 1 tennis lesson, 1 singles match, 1 doubles, 4 mile run, 2 hot yogas, 7.5 mile hike on Saturday, 10K race yesterday, and today I am pain free.
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, Dr. Peries & Synergy P.T.
And at all times I'm ACTIVE WALKING focusing on using my glutes.
Besides helping alleviate my pain, Dr. Peries trained me how to walk, run, hike using better mechanics.
I'm so grateful to be able to run again.

