I went to Dr. Wilken after several unremarkable visits to optometrists to keep my contact lense prescription current.
I went to Dr. Wilken since their office is close to work.
She is very friendly and personable and was very clear in explaining the results of my exam.
I was not happy with the brand of contacts my previous optometrist had prescribed (he had prescribed a special brand for people with astigmatism- of which I have very slight case-that I found to be very uncomfortable) Dr. Wilken told me that I did not need special contact lenses and prescribed a brand that was a lot more comfortable.
I would recommend her to anyone as she really takes the time to give her patients the care that they need.
The entire office staff are friendly and helpful as well with the exception of the receptionist.
She is polite enough but definitely takes heself too seriously.
There was a slight misunderstanding about a follow up appointment I had.
When I showed up for the appointment and checked in with her she could not find me in their books.
She asked me somewhat abrasively "Who made this appointment for you?
" She warmed up a little when I showed her the appointment card that SHE had written me the week before.
I don't expect a band playing or a spray of confetti when I walk in the door, maybe just a smile and a little warmth.
Other than that though, your eyes and your optical needs will be well looked after here.

Found the glasses I've been trying to find for several months.
They told me it would be a week or more before the frames arrived - it was two days.
Told me the same for the frames with the lenses - it was probably three days.
I was very pleased!
For some reason I think I paid less here than I did for my first set of frames that came from Costco, which is hard to believe, I think.

My eye doctor was friendly.
The staff is hit or miss - some of the receptionists are friendly and some are not.
I would have given them 4 stars if they stayed open later than 5 - it's difficult to leave work early just to pick up your glasses or contacts.
The prices are reasonable and on par for other optometry offices.

