My boyfriend said he saw this place awhile back but didn't get a chance to try it.
Well early this afternoon we were hungry and didn't feel like having any of the fast food choices that seem to plague this area.
He drove onto a side street, and paying attention to a comment I made this morning about craving some Mexican food, parked in front of Mi Casita.
Going inside I noticed how clean and new it looked.
The other sense that alerted me was smell.
We looked at the menu for a minute which seemed cheaper than most Maricopa non fast food joints.
I decided to try the Chile Relleno Burro and he ordered a few different taco's and a chicken quesadilla.
I asked for a side of guac and a horchata to share.
Our drink was given to us right away, but our food we were planning on taking home so we sat at a table and waited.
The horchata is not made from scratch, it's more of a powder mixed into water.
To me it was sugary cinnamon water, but I don't judge a place on it's drink.
It took about fifteen minutes for our order to come out and we grabbed a few hot sauce's and salsa's.
I was so hungry I could not wait to get home and dig in!
After arriving in the kitchen and washing my hands I unwrapped the very large burrito, it was longer than the kitchen plate I grabbed to eat on.
The smell was amazing and I pulled of a piece of tortilla near the end to try it plain.
WOW.
There is nothing like a perfect, fresh, authentic tortilla.
No copy-cats will ever come near the taste.
It was warm and soft but still textured, it had a slightly sweet taste but with a bit of salt.
Once I got into the filling I was in la-la-land.
Combined with the great guacamole this burrito was one of the best I've ever had.
All of the flavors complimented each other 100% My boyfriend gave me a bite of the taco's he got and I must say the fish was exquisite.
His chicken quesadilla was so flavorful with a spicy kick in the oh so tender chicken.
We got out of there for about $22 and that is very cheap considering some of the chain Mexican places that will charge you that much for one meal.
I am overjoyed that we found such a great place to chow down in Maricopa.

Great Carne Asada burrito!

One of my favorite places to eat in the Copa.
Delicious food, great prices, and excellent service.
It is a wonderful little hole in the wall restaurant!

Love their carne asada tacos!
We have never had anything but great quick service and good food from mi casita.
One of the workers was telling me they will probably close down when their lease is up and I truly hope they don't.

Decent and cheap Mexican.
Not as good as Tacos N More, but not bad either.

Now called Peppe's, same owner Jose.... it was a good spot.
they have lost their way.
the owner is a nice guy, but, his kids ALWAYS mess up the orders and don't care.
after many chances i'm out, food quality has dropped dramatically and i will not tolerate rude attitude from his wife.
never going back, ever..
I'm OUT!

