Super adorable salon, friendly and talented stylists, good prices and wide variety of product.
I won't go anywhere else!

After going over a year since my last trim I bit the bullet and started looking for a new stylist.
Let me throw out that going in for even a trim often results in crying.
I can count THREE haircuts ever (in 27 years) that don't leave me regretting going for a cut/trim.
I randomly stumbled upon Salon De Cheveux.
After sucking it up, I called.
I gave the receptionist the run down.
I have curly hair, it's down to my butt and please point me to the stylist least likely to make me want to invest in wigs!
She recommended Nikki.
Once I got to the salon it looked cute and not overly trendy obnoxious cute that some salons lean towards.
I was greeted and offered a drink, Nikki was just finishing up her previous client (I was early).
Over walks a lady that is adorable with great hair and a big smile.
She introduced her self, sat me down and started asking questions.
I gave her the basic speech: only take off the dead from the length and ha ha I want bangs(NO stylist would ever grant me that one request b/c with curly hair bangs can often turn to something like a poodle on the forehead).
Again..more questions and finally she tells me she can do the longer side-swept bangs I want (at this point I asked "seriously?").
We do the wash and go back to the chair and she gets to work.
Nikki kept me talking the whole time and before I knew it, the deal was done.
I could NOT believe the end result!
I just sat there playing with my first ever bangs!
She gave me some pointers for styling them and walked me up the the register.
I paid my bill (seriously $35 for wash, cut, blowout/straightening and style?!?!
AH-MAZING).
I snagged Nikki's card and have been singing her praises since!
For the first time ever I find myself barely able to wait the whole 6 weeks before going back!
Every time I go it just gets better!
So if you are looking for a new stylist  I can't rave enough about the super talented and all in all awesome Nikki at Salon De Cheveux!

Go see Jade!
She's amazing!

Salon De Cheveux is always friendly and the stylists have talent.
My hair has always looked amazing.
Kassi is amazing with color and knowing exactly how i'm trying to describe what i want with my hair.
I live in east tempe and drive to goodyear because of the trust I have with this salon.

Salon De Cheveux is absolutely amazing!
Kassi makes every single person that walks through the door feel like a million dollars and I would not recommend any other salon.
I moved to Tucson shortly after she started doing my hair and I have yet to find a stylist as talented as she is.
She has skill and style and that is the best combination you could have to be doing someone's hair.
I found myself calling her to get advice on how to coach a stylist how to cut my hair here in Tucson and finally have given up the search...the 2.5 hour drive to Goodyear is worth not leaving Tucson salons in tears.
I am a client of Kassi's for life!

I have nothing but GREAT things to say about Salon De Cheveux.
The staff is friendly and always professional.
The Salon is so cute and very clean.
Nikki is a AMAZING stylist and always knows exactly what I want.
I've never walked out of that place feeling anything less than FABULOUS!
I live in Ahwatukee and know a lot of great stylist in the area, but I choose to drive 45 min to Goodyear because I believe she is THE BEST, and the prices are even better!!

I've had my hair cut and highlighted several times here, and I've also had my eyebrows waxed.
Courtney does my hair and I really like the way it comes out.
I thought the price ($100) was very reasonable compared to the $200 I had to pay when I lived in Vegas for the same thing.
The only thing I'm not crazy about is that it does take a LONG time.
The last appointment I had took about 3 hours.
(The last place I used to go to get my hair done took 2 hours, which I still think is a little too long.
) Also the lady who waxed my eyebrows was great.

I've only seen Misty (nail tech) and she is fantastic!
The location is nice, front desk person is really sweet and on the ball.
Salon is clean and friendly, everyone I've interacted with has been really nice and the clients all leave looking great.
I'll absolutely continue to see Misty.

I moved here from Seattle in February and I was scared to death to find a stylist that wouldn't butcher my hair.
I looked around online and actually found Nikki at Salon De Cheveux.
Let me tell you, she is BEYOND wonderful.
She's completely up to date on all cutting techniques, she's the OMBRE queen, and she's a hoot!
I wouldn't dare let anyone else in the West Valley touch my hair.
If you want the best of the best call and schedule an appointment with Nikki Rameriez at this salon.
You can also find her on Facebook and get in touch with her there as well!
My most favorite thing about Nikki is that you can now book your appointment through styleseat.com.
It's SO easy!

I had to update, since falling in love with Salon De Cheveux and the very talented Nikki I decided to try to drag my husband along, he now wont go anywhere else!
So, Nikki is now on Style Seat( http://www.styleseat.com/nikki-ramirez ) , which means you can book online!
For me it is amazing since I always seem to remember my hair is a train-wreck  right after the Salon is closed!
You can check the price list, see Nikki's schedule and book right off her link!

I been looking for a hairstylist for the past 2 years since I moved out to the west side and after being brutalized by one and not impressed from another I tried.
I turned to my fellow yelpers (should have done this from the start) and found Nikki.
I got to say she listened to me and gave me her expert opinion on ideas for my hair.
So, make your appoitment with Nikki : )  I just came in for a cut, but already planning my next appoitment to get a little creative with my hair cuz I fianlly feel confident in someone that won't make me look like a hot mess for the holidays!
One thing that might help is this cute salon is a little hidden, so look for the Comfort Suites and they are right in front of it with the back of the salon facing the street.

I visited Nikki for the first time last week and it was great.
She was able to match the Pink I had in my hair previously and get me taken care of an happy!
It did take a while since it was my first visit with her and we had to work a bit to get the match but she was totally amazing about it.
And now that we've got the formula we will be ready to rock my next appointment.
I also got a fabulous trim, first time in a long time I'm totally happy with a hair cut.
Check out the salon, stop by and see Misty for a manicure, pedicure, or facial and see Nikki for a cut, color, or style.
They're both fabulous!

What a hidden little gem way out here in Goodyear!
I'm a big city girl with big city habits so when it was time to find a salon during my stay out in the West Valley, I deferred to my husband.
Really.
He found Salon de Cheveux on Yelp and went to Courtney for his haircut.
He loved it and it's seriously one of the best cuts he's ever had.
And he's really, really, really picky (discerning?).
I booked with Courtney for a long overdue overhaul haircut, and I love what she did.
Also loving Misty for my peds.She does it old school, pays attention to any trouble spots and is so accomodating to my special needs.
Prices are very resonable, maybe due to the location?
Hope the city doesn't catch up any time soon!

Read other good reviews, so I gave it a try as I recently moved here and need a new sylist.
I booked Nikki through styleseat.com as recommended.
Couldn't be happier!
She took her time and didn't rush at all.
I am very happy with my color and cut.
I will definitely book her again!
I saw a total of 4 stylists and one person doing nails.
Salon was very clean, upbeat but laid back, and whimsically decorated.
Would encourage you to make an appointment, doubt they are able to fit in many walk-ins.

Kassi is awesome.
if you need someone who listens she is your girl.
i have always left feeling great with my cut.

I reviewed Salon De Cheveux last December and was told it got filtered?
Not cool.
If I take time to review, it's important for Yelp to keep their end of the bargain and stop second guessing who's real and who's not.
THIS IS THE REAL DEAL...I've been going to Courtney for almost a year and I'm still a fan.
I also go to Misty for pedis and she's great, too.
Prices are reasonable, service is good; if you're in the Goodyear area, this is one of the best salons around.

I had no complaints.
They were prompt, friendly & did a great job on my hair.
Reasonably priced.
I will definitely be back.

I saw Nikki today for full color and a cut.
I have long hair that has been mis-styled and butchered by many.
Nikki did a great job mixing the perfect burgundy color for my brown hair.
She layered it perfectly and it looks fabulous!
She is warm, friendly, and sweet.
I will be going back again for sure!
Thanks Nikki!

I saw Nikki for a full foil and cut last week and she did an AMAZING job!
I showed her a few pictures of how I wanted my color and cut and she did exactly that.
I'm new to the area and have been researching hair stylists for a few months.
Based off Nikki's reviews I went to her and was totally pleased with the outcome of my hair style :) I'm a blonde and a few months ago my hair somehow started to turn a brass orange in some parts of my hair.
Nikki gave me the confidence that she could take it all out and she did!
Yay for no more orange hair!
:) The price was totally reasonable too.
I'll definitely be going back to her in the near future.

I came here based on reviews as I'm new to az  I was so happy I did!!
Sabrina did a very good job with my hair, she is very friendly as well :) I'll be back for sure!

I found this Salon based on all the positive reviews.
There was a link to a site called SalonSeat.com, where I found Kassi.
She was offering a 30% discount for mentioning I saw the ad on SalonSeat, so i thought I'd give her a try.
She was awesome.
I showed her a couple of photos when I first got there and walked out of there 100% satisfied.
She really knows what she's doing.
The salon was very clean and stylishly decorated.
I'm definitely going back!!
Thanks Kassi for bringing back my confidence.

Overall a good experience..
I am new to Arizona so I've been looking for new places to get my hair cut and thankfully I found a nice place on the 1st try.
I got my hair cut into a bob and Sabrina did a good job, I have gone twice and I will continue to go here.

I have been seeing Misty Young at Salon De Cheveux for the past few months for eyelash extensions and waxing.
I am so thankful I found her!
I was really nervous about finding someone to do my eyelashes when I moved to Arizona.
I was so used to the person I trusted where I used to live so I really did my research when I moved to Avondale.
I stumbled upon Misty based on reviews of Salon De Cheveux and will never go anywhere but here ever again!
The eyelashes she uses are single lashes not strips like you see at some places.
After applied they look so real no one would even know they weren't your own.
The best part is that they last if taken care of properly!
If you follow the guide she gives you after your 1st visit with her they will last a good 3-4 weeks.
I look forward to going in for my refills because Misty is so nice!
There's nothing like a little girl talk while getting your beauty on!
Because I've been so impressed with her I'm going to start having my manicures and pedicures done by her too.
I love that I can get everything done at the same place!
It makes my life so much easier!

When I moved to the Goodyear area I was still driving to Scottsdale for my hair and nails.
THEN I found Salon De Cheveux.
Misty Young is the best nail tech, gives awesome facials and waxes, and is overall exactly who I needed for pampering!
I will tell her to just be artistic on me with her nail art, and she never ceases to amaze me!
Nikki Ramirez does my hair, cut, foil and base color.
Needless to say, I trust her in a huge way, because I allowed her to cut about 14" off of my hair in a much needed "redo.
"  Definitely recommend this salon to anyone looking for superb treatment!

Ok, I was like everyone else, read all the great reviews and was sure I'd have a great experience, yet that was far from the truth.
Our first experience was a cut and style with Nikki.
I say our, because it was my teenage daughter getting the cut and style.
We usually go to Tony and Guys located at Arrowhead, but this salon was closer and we had a gift card to use.
So I was anticipating a great job, based on the reviews!
What my daughter got was too much chopped from her crown which made her face look rounder and she looked older.
She wanted something more edgier, more hip.
She did not get that here, even though she kept telling Nikki it wasn't quite right.
I think this salon is used to doing "certain" type cuts and styles, not the stuff Tony and Guy can achieve.
So she left sad and embarrassed, anyone that has had a bad cut and didn't get what they were hoping for can understand the feeling.
So...lastly we are left with the nail review.
I still had money to use on my gift card, so I decided to do something nice for myself.
I made an appointment with Misty, the ONLY nail technician at Salon de Chevoux.
I wanted gel nails and sadly there were only a few colors to choose from.
I wasn't impressed with her station, it was pretty dirty looking and I almost thought she was going to use a dirty file from the "dirty tool" container, but she put it back and grabbed a clean file.
Whew!
So, we chat, she seems nice, but I was looking around for a pedicure chair since she also does pedicures, and could not locate one!
I asked where the chair was (that most nail salons have) but they did not have one!!!
I guess all she does, is whip out her portable foot jacuzzi, as you sit in a regular chair.
Wow, glad I didn't make an pedicure appointment.
The downside of having one technician is, you can't get your nails done with a friend or daughter!
Since you'd have to take turns, turning a 30 minute appointment into an hour or more!!
Soooo, she finishes my gel nails, I go to pay using my Gift card, but the cashier lady doesn't include Misty's tip.
So I have no cash on me and I feel bad to not leave her anything, so they try to figure out how to add a tip.
I'm in a hurry to go, had a son to pick up from school, so I decided I'd just buy something from the Dermalogica line.
Of course it's overpriced but at this point I don't care, I just want to leave.
So I used up the 70$ on my gift card just so I could leave and not ever come back!!
I have to say, although the girls seem pretty nice, I am not impressed with any of their services!
FWI: my gel nails started peeling off 2 days later!!
I'm not picking at them either, they did it all by themselves!
I finally got them redone somewhere else and let me tell you, it was a whole different experience!
2weeks later their still holding up strong and the only problem is, is that their growing out and I need to get them done again!

I have always been incredibly picky when it comes to my hair.
We're talking anxiety everytime I set foot in a hair salon.
I've been going to see Courtney Martinez for almost 2 years now and have NEVER once left unhappy with my hair!
I even trusted her to take me from my natural blonde hair to a dark brunette...and I LOVE IT.
She's not only professional and down to earth, but she genuinely cares about her clients.
I'm a nurse and have a crazy schedule.
Courtney has always been great about working with my schedule.
If you are looking for a new stylist give Courtney a call...you won't be disappointed!
Here is her Style Seat for more info: http://www.styleseat.com/courtneymartinez

I loved the manicure service with care, skill and friendliness I received from Misty!
She's the "bomb"!
Salon De Cheveux is a lovely hair and nail salon that offers clients a clean, professional and comfortable environment!
Go and see for yourself!
I will return!

