My daughter has attended The Goddard School for 8 months now, and we could not be happier to have found such a caring and fun environment for our little girl.
My wife and I toured three other schools in the area, and we know we made the right choice.
Staff- Really, this is probably the most important aspect for us.
Our daughter is treated so well by the teachers, and the front office staff is very welcoming and helpful.
The staff are nurturing and patient, and they genuinely seem happy to be at work each day.
They also have a low teacher:child ratio.
Curriculum- They offer sign language and Mandarin, as well as the building blocks of learning such as reading, writing, math, etc.
Facility- The building is very clean, easy to access, and parking is ample.
The classrooms are alive with student artwork and happy students engaged in learning through play.
A few extras:   Unlike some other area preschools, we have the option of bringing our own food or purchasing the catered lunch options.
This is a great benefit for us because our daughter has some dietary restrictions so we appreciate that flexibility.
The playground is much nicer than others we have seen.
It is safe and clean, and the kids have a blast playing outside when weather permits.
During the summer months, when it is too hot be outside much of the day, they have 'water' days which mean varied activities depending on the age group.

We signed my little one up to attend 2 days a week, T and Th.
I just wanted her to interact with other kids and have fun.
When we arrived, the teacher wasn't the same one we met at our tour.
They assured me she was great.
Things were fine until she moved up a few months later to the 2's.
There was another transition in teachers (it happens A LOT there) and this new teacher was 'so great' I heard.
My daughter moved to her class when she turned 2 and things just went downhill.
I picked my daughter up the first few times and she was wandering around or in the bathroom crying at the top of her lungs.
The teacher told me, 'she's having a bad day.
'  I told the teacher AND the assistant director/curriculum director to PLEASE call me if she is crying and I will be there in a flash to get her.
I took it upon myself to call that day and check on her.
(She only went for 3 hrs in the am.
)  I could hear her crying in the background!
The teacher told me, 'this isn't the right environment for her.
'   WHAT!?!?
I couldn't believe it.
My daughter is healthy, happy and LOVES doing activities and playing with kids... what is going on?!?!
I picked her up immediately, and when I walked in, the assistant director had her head down, ignoring me as if I wasn't there... WHY?
Who knows.
She probably knew I was upset because NO one called me.
I got my daughter, and left.
The assistant and the curriculum person was up front chatting, no one asked why I was there early, or what is going on.
This place has SO much turn over (just being there a few short months there were teachers coming and going.
)  Do they care about the kids?
They sure didn't about mine.
It's not some fancy place they pretend it to be... it's a daycare.
A regular daycare that shoves capacity amount of kids in a room and collects your $.
We since have found an actual pre-school program through a church in Gilbert that is run like a school.
All of the kids start and go home at the same time, and NOT ONCE has my daughter cried!!
My husband and I are shocked at the difference of the 2 places.
We bought in to the hype of the place and the fact it was made out to be this preschool program.
It's not.
If you want a preschool, this isn't it.
If you want a babysitter type daycare, this is a VERY low grade place to go.
:-(

