On time came out for me in August 2008 after Sonora Air ("Premier Dealer for Lennox")said it would take 3 days to fix my air handler that was under warranty.
On time HVAC came out, fixed the problem right away (the same day)and charged what my service call would have been for Sonoran.Everyone there is friendly, polite and  HONEST.
Totally comfortable calling them again this morning-AC is out.
Called at 8:30 and tech to be here between 11am-1pm.
I am scared to tell too many people or the service times might drop ;)  TOTALLY 100% satisfied.
UPDATE:the Tech Jeremy just left, he was the same Tech last time too.
Fan motor was bad and because I have a Lennox, not a convenient fix in Surprise as the parts dealer is in S.Phoenix.
Jeremy assessed it very quickly, left to go to part warehouse and upon return had it in and running in about 15 minutes.
I could have waited and got the part shipped to me for around  $275, waited for my brother to get around to it and baked my ass off, but Jeremy told me it was under warranty, so for $65 more that just the parts cost , he changed it out.
Not too bad considering I am in a time crunch.
Thank you On Time, maybe change your name to On time -Save Time?
lol

I came home today ( mid July) and I noticed that the AC was on but the house wasnt cooling down.
I called on time AC and heating and they came immediately.
I was so pleased at how responsive they were.
When the tech came out he was professional and very courteous .
I would recommend them highly to anyone who need excellent service fast.
You can't go wrong with these guys!

I was closing in a few days on a house and I was in California and needed a repair on the a/c asap so I contacted On Time.
They were fantastic, the customer service was wonderful.
From the appointment to the technician constantly keeping me informed to the follow up call to let me know the a/c was working and even the final cost was lower than I thought.
I would easily recommend them!

Jeremy is back to do a service call but on the new house I live in.
The Tune-up appointment was scheduled between Noon and 2pm and they called just before 11am to let me know they were on there way.

I have used On-Time to replace A/C units on rental properties and repairs to my own home system.
The guys come out on time, of course, evaluate honestly, give an estimate, give you CHOICES and recommendations, don't try to "hard sell", work professionally and efficiently, leave a system operating properly, and have never had to come back to fix their work.
And the follow-up and customer service from the staff at On Time has made us very happy.
When we have a question, they care!
They make sure you get what you paid for.
I'm a Realtor and offer On Time as my top choice for A/C service companies to my clients with confidence.

We have a rental property in Litchfield Park and the tenants reported that the A/C system was making a really loud metal-clinking noise though the air was still working.
Our property manager selected On Time Air based on Yelp and that they seemed to service the west side.
They were quick to respond and got out to the property right away.
Our tenants said that the technician was very nice and professional and took care of the repair in a very timely manner.
(They contacted me to get the okay on the quote before proceeding but then took care of everything so quickly, which is important in the summer in Arizona!
My husband, who used to work in the HVAC industry, knew what the approximate cost should be and the quote was right in line.
)    We were in the process of getting the property ready for sale, and upon the inspection process, it was reported that the heater didn't seem to work.
It was so easy to call and coordinate with On Time Air to check out the system for us - this despite us being out-of-state and having the home 'on the market' - it was a simple fix and they took care of it at no charge to us!
I now have On Time Air bookmarked in case anything comes up in the future and have also referred them to more family members who live on the west side.

We had an AC that had been leaking refrigerant for an unknown amount of time.
What triggered our finding out about it was that it would no longer cool the house.
Instead of repairing the unit that had leaked, we had already made up our mind to replace it completely.
It was a Goodman - very cheap and very inefficient.
So, we called One Time AC and Heating (as well as several other AC companies around the valley).
Of all of the companies we called, One Time AC had the lowest price for the unit we wanted.
The staff that came to install it were extremely friendly and knowledgeable.
We have another Goodman, and when we are ready to replace it, we'll be calling on them again.

