Went here with the family last night.
Food was good and the service was very friendly.
Will go back

No plastic in my burger just friendly and fast service.
not the best or worst place to go in Goodyear but a chill and relaxing hipster joint.
Good burger and okay on the wallet.
The strawberry lemonade is killer good, I think I drink 6+ in one meal.
Our server gave us everything we asked for and did not forget about us which is more than I can say about other places around here (macaroni grill).

Great service, solid choice for a good meal.
I know it's a burger place but I love the fish and chips as well.
Fries are fantastic and endless but I only have wanted more when I split a burger with someone you really get plenty with your meal.
Service has always been wonderful, never anything less then completely friendly and helpful.

I love it nice service food excellent and our server Britney was so sweet I give to her  +A...
Thanks continue with this service and very good taste

Yummm

took my sis and the kids here for a quick bite after shopping and i was very disappointed.
The location is like any other RR in cleanliness and atmosphere, your basic family friendly sports bar.. but this visit was just terrible.
The waiter forgot half the stuff we ordered, brought mixed up sides, and a wrong dish all together... took forever and then the manager came and corrected everything after we had to wait...  We were very specific about a couple of things, like the temperature  for the little ones food and it was ignored.
Dining with little ones is always an adventure no matter what you do, so it helps if the staff understands and does their best to make the process painless.
I probably won't come back here.

Always love it here!
Best fish n chips ever!

Good variety of burgers.
Love the guac bacon burger and bleu ribbon burger.
Also love this location it's smaller than most RRs but less busy also.

First time at a Red Robin.
Went in for their specialty limited time only Oktoberfest Burger.
It did not disappoint.
Ingredients were fresh, and the burger itself was tasty.
Lots of menu choices - I only wish the pretzel bun was a regular choice.
Most of all we were impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant.
Perhaps because it was relatively new, it was not very busy at the beginning of the lunch "hour".
Waitress was attentive, honestly friendly, and very helpful (wish I remembered her name).
I really liked that the tables were high, so you don't have to bend over to eat.
(Parents should love this as it keeps your children from leaning their elbows on the table!

We stopped in at the Goodyear RR last night for a quick bite, second visit to this location and only the second time in a RR.
The service was average, my wife's burger was good, intructions on toppings was ignored by the kitchen.
My soup came out cold, two visits, two bowls of cold soup, by the time it was heated my wife was done with her dinner, this is something they need to work on.
I will give them one more try before deleting them from my options for dinner, it is really a shame that all sport bar type restaurants are cut from the exact same mold, nothing new here or exciting, just noisey and pretty good food for a premium price.

I have eaten at this location a few times and they have always been very consistent with my order.
They really seem to take a little extra time in the kitchen to ensure that my burger looks nice.
I appreciate that.
Although, It does seem to take a little longer than other Red Robins.

Always great.
Try the Royal Red Robin Burger!

It's a Red Robin.
It's great for a chain restaurant and I love their Banzai Burger!
Good selection of beers and even some local brews (try the Moose Drool or Epicenter from SanTan Brewing).
The service here is really great and the staff is extremely friendly.
What I do like about this particular location is that the bar is on one side and there are no kids allowed in the bar area, so if you're with a group of friends, you don't have to worry about screaming kids.

Can I tell you how much I love this place?
Because I do!
it is a perfect place to take my kiddo's and I usually try to take them here for dinner once a week.
The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is just right.
Sometimes it takes a little too long to get our order, but all things aside it has good family atmosphere.
My daughter loves ordering their Shirley Temple drinks with extra cherries!

For a chain restaurant; Red Robin is a sure family & friends sit-down place for burgers & drinks.
Endless Steak Fry's, now you can't go wrong with that!

I always enjoy their service, burgers, and ENDLESS fries.
I normally only can eat the amount the give you always.
But the thought of ENDLESS fries...  hum....
I changed to have a cheeseburger with bacon today (in honor of my nephew).
7 of us came to honor my nephew and celebrate my MIL's birthday.
Red Robin was his favie place and he LOVED the fries.
1 minor con..
They stuff 7 of us in this tiny booth.
We were a tight family unit!

Ya know we have been eating RR for a long time and after today I think I will skip it for a LONG time.
Service here is hit or miss, ( San Diego is always good ) and today was a definite miss.
I ordered my food with guac on the side and pickles.
Never got either because our waitress didn't come back til we were pretty much done.
I did get my guac finally and it was too late lol!
So the waitress said "oh my manager took off some for not getting your food right' ha ha we get the bill and he took off a $1.50 on a $10 burger.
Why bother RR?
I would have rather had nothing taken off because what a joke to do so little when my food sucked!!!
The manager is ridiculous and I hope he reads this.
Way to take care of your customers.

Red Robin... Yummmmmmm  The Gourmet Burgers are the best chain burger option out there.
These things will kill your waistline, stretch your colon, cause minor heart calcification, and are relatively expensive.
And they are worth it!
Add the tower of onion rings and I think the paper in the basket is a template Last Will and Testament form.
Very family friendly with kid options galore, a diner feel, small arcade, and even free balloons.
Service can be hit or miss with younger wait staff.
Oddly, I've had three waiters-in-training with their mentors in five vists.
Good overall, though.
Carry on my burger brethren...

Not a bad place to get a decent burger.
I especially like their garden burgers.
Yum!

Burger with an egg on it?
Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
Perfect for familes!

This is a pretty good restaurant that focuses on burgers.
They have a great selection of appetizers and I would recommend getting their tower of onion rings.
Every one of the burgers I've tried from here has been good and I would recommend getting one topped with crispy onion straws.
I've also had their French Onion soup and that was very good as well.
It's a great place to bring the kids as they provide some coloring material and the walls and interior are very colorful providing a good distraction for kids to look around.
The noise level is also conducive to kids as you won't get a lot of strange looks if your child happens to get a little loud.
They also have a good selection of chicken sandwiches as well if you aren't in the mood for a burger.
Their steak fries are good and come in a bottomless bucket, with as many refills as you want.
If you are in the mood for a decent priced burger and looking for quick service I would recommend checking Red Robin out.
I've never had a bad experience with the restaurant.

This Red Robin is right down the street from my house and I am there on a monthly basis.
The food is just like any other Red Robin really good but what really sets this location apart is the staff.
I always get the best service no matter what waiter or waitress I get.
The last time I was there one of the waitresses recognized us from a couple weeks before and made sure to come by and bring us a basket of fries and a large thing of ranch before our food came out.
I have never had better service.

Always a great burger!

I love burgers, but everytime I eat here, I fill up so fast and the burgers never sit right.
They are tasty but they just don't sit right for some reason.
Endless french fries could be the problem.
I'll skip the steak fries and trow down another burger and see how that goes.
Always good service.

I tend to avoid chains and I don't eat burgers and fries very often, so this place isn't really catering to me, anyhow... but for what it was, I didn't love it and I didn't hate it.
Here's what I didn't love:  I thought that the fries were supposed to be bottomless, but the server did not replenish them.
The restaurant is really loud.
For what I had -- burger, fries, and a soda -- I ended up leaving $20 for my portion of the meal.
That's too expensive for what I had.
I don't want to pay that much for a meal like that unless I'm at a theme park or somewhere else with more of a geographic monopoly... or unless it's like the best burger and fries of all time, which it wasn't.
Here's what I did like:   Even though the restaurant was crowded, we were seated quickly (party of 4).
The two teenagers who were in our party wanted to share a milkshake and the server brought it already split into two for them, which was nice.
My burger (guacamole bacon) was cooked the way I asked (medium rare -- sometimes places like this overcook even when I ask for medium rare) and tasted pretty good.
It wasn't my favorite burger, but it was fine.
I upgraded to sweet potato fries, and I liked them!
Anyhow, it's Red Robin.
It's a chain.
You know what it's going to be before you go, probably.
We went because the teenagers in our party wanted to go.
It wasn't my choice, but I thought I would share.
There is a Red Robin really n ear my house in Delaware, and I never go and likely won't go.
No judgment if you like it... it's just not my thing!

I have been to this location a number of times.
Each time, the service has not been great.
We have waited too long for menus, drinks, and for our order to be taken.
We were given our food and still had no silverware.
Three separate people in our party asked for silverware at different times.
We still never received it and had to walk up to the hostess to get some on our own so we could eat our food!
The food and drinks are pretty good but I will never return to this location due to the poor service.

After visiting our Aunt in Goodyear, we ended stopping here for a bite.
I have always enjoyed Red Robin, enjoy their selection of different burgers.
There was nothing wrong with their food.
Food was good as usual, but their service here was not acceptable.
I can go down the list and make them sound like one of the worst restaurants around.
But I don't want to do that!
Basically, their service was very slow.
Seems like they really didn't care?
There were people on the floor texting on their phones, gathering together and chatting.
In the mean time this affected their service, not getting the food out in a timely matter, had us asking every time if we can get refills on our drinks.
And during all of this time they stepped over food and a wash rag left on the floor next to us.
Finally when we were almost done, someone decided to pick it up and clean the area.
This place was not busy, place was half full, and over staffed.
But yet they had a hard time doing their job.
There is no doubt that the management needs to step up at this location, customers do not want to deal with this.
Would we go to Red Robin again?
Yes, but at this locations?
I doubt it.

What's not to like?
The fish n chips, AMAZING.
The pretzel bites, Outstanding.
The booze, WOW.
Don't forget the burgers.
I like the RED ROYAL ROBIN.
Delicious.
Easily my favorite upper scale burger place.

Management gave me a call today, apologizes, and said they have taken steps to cure the issues.
That is a great thing when a restaurants can admit they have an problem and his taking steps to get better.
They were very sincere and apologetic.
For this reason alone I will be adding a star to their rating.

We stopped by for the Tavern Double Tuesday.
It was the last of the Cardinal's football season which is a buy a double tavern and get another burger free promotion.
We've been to other Red Robin's but interestingly have never been to this location that is so close to our house.
When we stop by Red Robin it's usually for a burger and crispy fish sandwich.
The bottomless fries come with both so we'll usually get onion rings with one of the meals and share.
We know what to expect with the burgers which is well cooked and pretty tasty.
We enjoy our favorite burger spots too much to stop her often but it's about as good as you'll get without stepping up to a gourmet burger.
For example, they don't ask how you want it cooked.
I like the crispy fish sandwich though and get it each visit.
The seasoning for the fries is nice but we always seem to fill up on the fries waiting for the meal so not sure why we ordered a hummus plate appetizer.
The hummus was the plain type but had some flavor.
Would be nice for the plate to come with a couple different types of hummus.
I can't say it was freshly made but it was good with the carrots, cucumbers and kettle chips.
Their service was good.
We had to wait a couple minutes to be seated.
There wasn't anybody up front so we kind of stood there for a while.
Our server was awesome.
She was very friendly, had some good recommendations for appetizers and was attentive.
This location is clean and not too noisy.
They have TV screens to catch the game but the volume is low so you can't hear it unless your in the bar area.
We'll be back sometime to try something other than burgers.

So..
Ordered takeout.. Got home to wrong order.. An inconvenience, but we go back to get our actual order.. 45 minutes late, we get home with our order... and it's screwed up....
I like red robin..
This one seems to have some issues.. Have experienced some issues while eating in as well.. Only gave them another chance because I got a gift card for Christmas....won't be back...

This was the worst experience we have had in a long time.
Burgers were just ok. First the hostess took way too long to seat us and was in no rush to get customers in even though it was busy.
The food was just ok. For the price I think it was not worth it and I would have enjoyed in-n-out much more.
Then when it came time to pay, we waited for 20 minutes to get out of that place.
I will never return...

I love me some Red Robin!
I am never disappointed with their burgers.
I have tried almost all of them.
My favorite is the royal red robin!!
They have good drinks and specials.
Also the service is pretty great!
Rocio attended us tonight and she was AMAZING!!
Rocio always had our drinks coming and she was accurate on our order and fast!
Love coming here.

Shady much?
We went in for lunch on Sunday.
After the back messed up my burger, the waiter argued with me about if it was the right burger or not.
Then, after a 10 minute wait for the right burger, he stated he would remove the burger from the bill for the wait.
Here's where it gets shady.
He comes with the bill and says manager wouldn't approve the removal.
Alright, no biggie.
But then he takes the bill back and offered to pay $5 on it, but brings back a different bill instead for $45.
I pay with credit, he turns around and charges my card for $60 and hands me back the receipt which says it was ran for the $60, but no itemized bill.
Didn't say a thing, brought it to me quickly with his head down, dropped it and ran.
Couldn't find him after that to clear it up.
I didn't much care for the wait and I'm not upset that my order was put in wrong.
I'm not even put off by being told they'd clear the burger off my receipt, then them not doing it.
Instead, I'm a bit worried at how shady that waiter was, changing out receipts, charging more then he was supposed to, then disappearing instead of speaking up about it.
If he's acting shady about a receipt, I wonder what else he is doing....

The food here is always great but the service has always been a little off...  We come here for the gluten free options.
I have to say that Brent is by far the best server we've ever had at any of the red robin locations.
Great attitude.
Great speed of service.
We will be back and we will be requesting him.
Great job!!

Went for lunch May 21, 2014.
Not real busy in fact more help standing around doing nothing than customers.
Waited 20 minutes for 2 simple burgers and fries.
served with small piece of lettuce, onions strings not even a slice, and two paper thin unripe tomatoes.
Nothing on the buns and nothing like mayo or mustard on tables.
GET A CLUE PEOPLE.
Terrible service and very marginal food.
Had similar experiences several times at other location near 99th ave and McDowell.
they have lost me and my family forever.

Fun friendly servers and pretty good food!
They are known for burgers but their salads are really good too!

