Rather than drone on about the bad things, the good things were:  - The waiter kept the drinks (diet coke) full - The waiter, albeit a bit all over the place, was generally a very nice guy.
- The French fries I had with my hamburger were really good.
I've found that I goto chilis when,  - There isn't anyplace else around - My wife makes me(*)  meh...its Chilis.
Everyone knows what to expect there and this was the usual experience.
Not great but also not bad.
* This was why I was there this evening.

Pretty much what I expected from a chain restaurant.
Came here with my inlaws.
The potato soup was good.
The sliders were pretty good.
The service was good.
Nothing really special, but quite satisfactory.

Chilli's is always a good place whether it's your primary destinatio or your backup.
The one out on Signal Butte gets pretty packed during the lunch and dinner hours because there's not very many sit down restaurants in the immediate vicinity.

While we did have a large party on a friday night we expected the wait to be a bit long... but not 50 minutes... then it took forever to get our drinks.
We got no crayons for the kids even after we asked.
It took 30 mins to get the appetizers & salads... Im not sure if the waitress was just overwhelmed but we got only 1 refill and that wasnt until the manager came over with our dinners which was served to adults first then kids 5 minutes later... overall I think this was the worst experience we have ever had at a Chili's... the 2 stars is soley for the food, which was good ...

Ordered TOGO from here a few weeks ago and when I got it home they had forgot both sides to my ribs.
We ordered 2 rib meals.
I called and the restaurant and she said that we could have a comp meal the next time we ordered.
I believe I spoke with a manager as I gave my name and phone number.
A few weeks later I called to redeem my meal and place an order, but the person I spoke to said they don't do comp meals and would've sent me something in the mail.
I never received anything.
I didn't get the name of either person I spoke with but I'll never eat there again.
I live in Queen Creek so it's a 30 min drive to pick it up in the first place.
With all the restaurants out there competing I'll take my business elsewhere.

My husband and I frequent Chili's a lot.
The price is great for a sit-down restaurant with good food.
This was our first time to this location, though.
I wasn't impressed.
It felt more like a Denny's than a Chili's.
Makes for a less than desirable date location.
We always get the chips and salsa as appetizers.
Fun appetizer for eating and chatting.
I love the steak fajitas.
Can't go wrong.
I recommend Chili's wholeheartedly, but if you're going to go to Chili's, skip this one.
Drive another couple miles to the one on Power.

What can you say about Chilis... it's a Chili's!
The menu has improved quite significantly though...

We visit this place regularly.
I always end up getting the triple dipper appetizer for dinner.
Never been disappointed.
Happy hour in the lounge is a great excuse to get out without having to put up with the regular bar scene.

I don't live near a Chili's so I don't frequent them often.
We were across the street at the swap meet so we decided to run in for lunch.
I will say there are no vegetarian options on the menu which is a pain.
I ordered the Guacamole for us and it was surprisingly good for a chain.
I also ordered a  quesadilla salad minus the chicken which turned out to be better than you would expect.
Our waitress was very nice, but she really assumed we had eaten there before and we were all confused by the weird menu.
Everything seems to be ordered in multiples of 3 or 2.
I guess their thing is to configure your own meal.
If you don't frequent Chili's I guess you should let them know before you order.

Food is always good but service is mediocre at best, its like a hit in miss with a good one and a bad one.

This visit to Chili's was just A-OK.
I did have an excellent El Presidente Margarita - Strawberry.
Yummy!
However, I ordered their Chicken Honey Chipotle Crisper's, meh.
My wifey ordered their 3 Dipper platter, which she enjoyed.

My wife and I go here quite often and try to get in early, like between 5-6 because it is always super busy later on in the evening.
Thats a good sign in my book!
They have made a mistake once or twice, but are always willing to fix the problem cheerfully.
Will continue to frequent here.

I hate it when the server doesn't know the menu.
Even worse when the appetizer and the main course arrive at the same time.
Add to only receiving our bar drinks five minutes earlier made for a very rushed meal.
The manager was kind enough to comp our aps, but she could have done more.
The kitchen was supposedly backed up, so they held off seating people until the kitchen could catch up.
Now with at least six empty tables, why couldn't they seat us and provide us with drinks, space out the aps and main course, and everyone would have been happy.
I think the blame falls on the management on this one.
The food however was good, not exceptional, but chain restaurant, you really can't expect superior food, but its fine for after a movie.
A nice change from the local pizza joints.

Happened to be in the neighborhood and since we had a coupon for a free appetizer we decided to stop and have an early dinner.
There was plenty of parking We got there early, 5 PM, was seated in the back, only a couple of tables from the server's station..
The food was good and hot which is pretty consistent with all the other Chili Restaurants.
Server was attentive.
My wife had the Southwestern Eggrolls for her dinner and I had the classic Bacon Burger.
Everything was good as usual.
When we left, the place was filling up for a Thursday.

Real bad experiance...feel like its a rip off.
They're food is frozen.

Every time I come to this location the service is terrible even though they assign two waiters per table.
The food is pretty good but I sure wish they would figure out how to train/hire good wait staff.

Did the two for $20 deal.
I had the 6 oz.
light sirloin and it was cooked perfectly and was very juicy.
They were a little slow bringing out the appetizer,  but not to slow that our dinner beat it out.
We didn't say anything,  but the waitress apologized and when our bill came the manager came over and said she took some money off because they were slow getting our appetizer out.
Amazing!
That's customer service - when you don't even have to ask!

I wanna like this place, but service is so horrible.
Never a manager in sight either.
Waitress forgot appetizer, forgot to bring wine, i actually went to ar and picked up myself and glass was dirty.
Been several times and lways the same.
Chilis no more.

Went there for dinner last night and it took over 1.5 hours   We were seated right away and then nothing for 15 minutes.
The hostess actually came back and took our drink order and another 10 minutes our drinks were delivered.
Finally an actual waitress came and took our order.
Food took at least 20 minutes to come out   I ordered the buffalo chicken salad and my husband the trio fajitas.
The salad was yummy.
The steak and chicken were good for the fajitas but the shrimp was gross   Normally we like chili's but this experience was horrible

Sad to say but this review won't be a good one.
Perhaps if we chose to sit in the normal seating area things would have went different.
We sat in the bar & there was only 1 waitress to service the whole area & of course it's super bowl sunday.
Waters had floaties-yuk.
The waitress says it looks like it's from lemons so of course we say we didn't have lemons with our water.
So we get some new waters.
Next is the appetizer- chips, salsa & bean dip with a side of hair in the beans.
The kid's fries came with a complimentary salt like.
So much salt on these bad boys you'd think it was a cured prime rib.
Chicken came out raw so that went back to the kitchen.
But my favorite of all the unpleasantries was the fact that I had to try & enjoy my meal with a stack full of dirty plates in my face the whole entire meal.
My girlfriend had a nice friendly chat with the manager & he comped our entire meal.
I always feel bad for complaining but there was so much wrong that sometimes you gotta stand up & say something.

You pretty much know what you're getting when you eat at Chilis...but my problem was with the service.
I am not a needy patron, but our drinks were never refilled and our waitress was crazy rude!
It took forever to get our food and even longer to get the check.
We said we'd never to back, and we haven't!
Horrible service!

Went this evening with a family member and ordered the $20 dinner for two.
Ordered the guacamole appetizer which was their tortilla chips (yum) and guacamole with corn, according to the waitress, no jalapeno's and not spicy.
First bite into the guac....whoa....5 alarm fire in my mouth.
It was full of jalapenos!!!
and other spicy things.
Then we got the 6 oz.
sirloin, mine was well done as i requested but really burnt on one side.
It came with loaded mashed potatoes, which were great, and broccoli with god knows what they put on it, tasted very foul and rancid.
Service is always poor there and I don't know why I went back.
Today was my last visit there.

I like this place.
People are great.
I love their ribs and I love their salmon.
Their burgers are.good, to.

While the California club sandwich I had was great, the service was very poor!
I went in for a late lunch and only a few people in the bar and our waiter was still to busy to take care of us.
At the end of the meal I had asked for a box and he forgot and I had to catch another waiter to bring me one.
During our visit while it was slow we had 3 different waiters/ waitress's.
I was very annoyed!

