Clean facility, prices are super low!
You can't go wong with saving money!

This Walmart is SAD!!!!!!!
Had a tire asst.
manager NOT return my tire caps and the SCREAM at me.
Had a cust rep call me a liar!!!!
And I've bought meat there twice and both times it was RANCID!!!!!!!!!
NEVER once did a manager return my calls after calling 1-800 Wakmart... Avoid this store at all costs!!!

Store is never stocked.
Always out of stock on items.
The Walmart on Bell Road is much better.
Always has what I need - all the time.

I like the fact that this location is clean and organized, but the inventory is poor and runs low on merchandise often.

This Walmart has the worst customer service ever!
They never have enough lanes open and don't open additional lanes even though the lines go through the middle aisle of the store!
Horrible!
I will absolutely pay more and shop elsewhere!

This Walmart has an McDonald's in it which is always clean along with the store being very clean fast check out and now with the new self checkout Center is nice

I'm changing my review the manager here does not care about the shopping carts it's always a mess in the parking lot text of all the good spaces because nobody rounds up the cards I told him about it many times they just don't give a crap.

The management here is so bad I've talk to the managers several times that there's never no carts to use their all in the parking lot, shopping carts are  everywhere but where they need to be you can't find a good parking spot because their shopping carts in the way the magic just don't give a crap so I don't know why you'd want to do them a favor because this Walmart won't do you a favor.

I love this Walmart.
They have absolutely everything and it located quite close to me.
The lines are never very long and there's usually quite a few lines open so that there isn't a long wait.

Literally the worst service I have received in my life so far.
Sat in line for 20 minutes since  only one register was open.
Walmart personnel rudely told us to leave the self checkout as it was time to shut it down.
Customers were overall apparently aggravated by the service, but it still took 15 minutes just to respond and open another checkout.
This is my first and hopefully last negative review of a grocery store.

I bought almost $200 worth of groceries and other things.
I was appalled to learn that the cashier charged me for THREE pet brushes when I only got TWO.
Fucking losers!!

Horrible pharmacy.
Very disorganized.
Store not familiar with online refills.
Messed up my scrip 2 times.
The head pharmacist Dave got very combative over the phone with me and told me he would fill it the right way as a favor...
What??
You never did it right in the first place what favor?
I didn't know employees were allowed to speak that way to customers, I guess at this Walmart you can get away with it.
Will pick up my prescription but will NEVER be back.
I'm appalled.

I love the market place by my house they always have what I need and super friendly..,

