I thought I would have a chill evening with the boys.
We have been waiting what feels like forever for this place to open!
So we were so excited.
Hubby's out o'town and we came up here.
There was a crush so we decided to place a to-go order.
As I was standing, ready and waiting to place my order, they fielded calls from people and took phone orders right in front of me.
I could have called from my cell phone while standing there and been ahead of myself?
So I end up placing my order and  I left and came back after 40 minutes (couldn't keep my kids calm in there that long) and they don't have my order.
Poof.
It had disappeared.
An employee kept asking me for my phone number even after I told them I  had ordered it in person.
I actually had to tell her to stop and listen to what I was saying.
Finally the manger comes over and I came up with my receipt.
The manager looks at it and keeps saying, "He rang it up wrong.
This says delivery.
" (The person who helped me was female, so I have no idea who he is talking about.
) Then the employee who took my order came over as the manager is about to hand me 2 salads.
He read the receipt number incorrectly, she informs him I ordered a pizza.
Then after a few clicks on the register he said to me, "I put your money back on your card.
" And he walks off.
This paragon of communication says nothing else so I assume it was a dismissal and I head for the door.
I had 3 hungry, tired boys and, apparently, I needed to go find food elsewhere.
At this point it had been over an hour.
I was trying to navigate the stroller out the door as the gal who took my order chased me out and promised to deliver it for free.
I was afraid it would taste like sawdust just because I was so angry.
Fast forward another half an hour...We get our pizza and I was trying to be objective.
It was doughy because it was undercooked and the bottom was positively coated with corn meal so in turn it coated my tongue every time I took a bite.
And looking at my bank account today, I see that the expansive loquacious manager did NOT reverse the charge.
So I paid to wait almost 2 hours, listen to my kids whine, drive there twice, be ignored by employees, disrespected by  management only to finally be disappointed by the corn meal pizza.
The garrulous manager probably refunded those people their salads.
I hope they were better than my pizza.

After waiting an hour for my delivery order, the driver calls to say he can't find my house.
He said he was on 62nd Ave.
The restaurant is on 7th ave and I live on 15th ave.
I asked why he would drive so far out of the delivery zone.
He said the manager told him to tell me it would only be this one time.
Not a smart decision.
It gets worse.
I called the manager.
First call I waited a long time and then got disconnected.
Called again and spoke to the manager who made an excuse that they just opened and are still doing training.
You don't tell customers that.
Make it right.
He said nothing else, so I canceled my order.
Apparently the new NYPD Pizza is too busy training to serve their customers.
I'm so disappointed as I was waiting for this site to open.
They need to train that manager.

I had left a previous negative review but I got carry-out tonight.
There is no denying their pizza is excellent.
Everyone seemed so much more upbeat and friendly so I changed the negative to positive-welcome to the neighborhood!

We went on Friday at about 5:30, we sat on the patio because we had our baby in the stroller, though the inside is nice and big and I'm sure could have accomidated us.
Our waitress April was very friendly and fast.
The patio was not set up with drink menus but she quickly got us one.I ordered a zinfandel and the waitress brought me wwhite zin by mistake but when I said something she was nice about it and quickly fixed it.
We had the garlic cheese knots which were ok, though the cheese seemed to just be a few slices placed on top, but it was fine because they were good.
Then we had the bruschetta pizza which was delicious.
LOTS of fresh basil which I love, usually if a pizza says it has fresh basil its only like 4 leaves.
The crust was great too.
The baby was too fussy for dessert but I will try a conoli next time.
The rest of the staff that I interacted with was very nice and friendly.
We had a great experience and will go back soon.

Can someone PLEASE get these people a new phone!
My boyfriend called in our order both times we've had pizza here and it seems to be this big ordeal just to get the girl on the other line to hear our order correctly.
Each time they've added a whole extra pizza to our order that we never asked for.
On top of that, we were told our pizza would be ready 30min, so we LEFT OUR HOUSE about 30 to 40minutes after placing our order.
At that point we expected to have our pizza ready, if not coming soon after arrival.
Low and behold, we were left waiting for another 20 for a lukewarm pizza that was less than exciting.
Now, it wasn't terrible...but it wasn't the best either.
Heck I'm sure it would have been a great pizza if it didn't taste like it sat under a heating lamp for the day.
More than anything, if it weren't for their bumbling mistakes, I'm sure we'd be back more often.

First, the pizza was great.
Probably in the top three I've had in Phoenix.
Second, the delivery got screwed up.
Third, when I called in, Christine the manager SWIFTLY took care of the issue and made me fully satisfied.
It was obvious that she is a professional, and has high standards for customer service.
I'll order from them again.

I've been back to NYPD and ordered delivery several times since my first experience there during their opening week.
They have clearly fixed things with their delivery system.
The order taker now asks clarifying questions and the driver made it to my house in record time.
It was a pleasant experience, making me a happy customer once again.
I'm so glad this has worked out because I love NYPD pizza.
I've never had a beef with the food.
It's always good when I can get it.
I'm happy now about that.
Oh, they have a great happy hour with $3 drafts and a pretty good selection.
The bartender, Duvell (sp?
), is awesome.
He's honestly the reason why I went back to give the restaurant another try.
I'm glad I did.

We stumbled into this place after going to Encanto Park.
The environment is very trendy, the place is well decorated.
Prices are OK and the pizza was great.

I tried to order a pizza tonight for delivery and the wait time was so long I didn't even bother.
Last time we ordered a pizza I remember the delivery time they told me was a hour to an hour twenty, but it took probably an hour 45!
The pizza was good thankfully.

The first visit to this location for take out was great.
Unfortunately tonight was not so great.
After waiting an hour for a delivery just 2 blocks away resulted in a cold pie.
When I called the restaurant the employee offered another pizza delivered in another hour or a coupon.
Hmmmm.
Really I learned my lesson about chain restaurants.
My fault for mediocre expectations.

Like the cleanliness and the service.
I visited the NYPD on Union Hills, Never again.
Service mediocre and not as inviting.
Friends and I have returned to the 7th Ave location for three consecutive Fridays and never disappointed.

Living nearby, I received a coupon in the mail for $10 off of a pizza.
Figured I couldn't go wrong.
Ordered an 18" with pepperoni and 1/2 side of roasted red peppers, for pickup.
They said it would be 25-30 minutes which seemed a bit long for pickup.
When I arrived to pick it up, within the 25-30 minute window, it was not ready yet.
It ended up about 33 minutes total, not a disaster, but not great.
When I got home with it, it was hot, so it is clear it had just left the oven when handed to me.
Sadly, it was soggy in the middle.
The crust had promise, the outside crust was tasty, but it appeared to have needed to be cooked longer, odd given how much time that they had.
The pizza itself was a little too saucy and cheesy for my taste, although the sauce might have solidified a bit if it had cooked longer.
This bad pie might have been a freak occurrence, an outlier, but we have a lot of pizza choices and I doubt that I will bother with this place again.
Z Pizza on Thomas remains my goto place for a good pizza.
We also do carryout from Pane Bianco when in the mood.
I would order from Domino's before I would risk this place again.

Unpleasant phone experience when ordering.
She didn't listen well.
Ordered a side of ranch with my appetizer and got marinara.
Took over an hour to be delivered for being 1 mile away.
Pizza was so greasy.
Not going back even with a $10 off coupon.
Wish I could post a pic of the pizza.
It's worth a 1000 tums.
Oh I mean words.

On 3-26-2013 at approximately 17:45 I tried to order a Pizza (Brooklyn), wings ( Hells Kitchen), and Salad (Greek) from 7th Avenue and Mcdowell location.
The customer service was extremely poor.
While ordering for delivery the young lady who was taking orders told me "You need to go to Camelback"after giving her my home address.
When I mentioned I used NYPD Pizza store store finder, using zip code 85006 and that this particular location was the only one highlighted she didn't have a rebuttal, rather she had already disconnected.
You'll be losing all my future business.
This is something from a management standpoint that requires attention.

The pizza is good.
So are the garlic knots.
The service at this location is hit or miss.
I've had better luck at their location near 22nd and Highland, next to the Fry's.
This is especially true for to-go orders.
The space at this location is nice though.
It feels much larger, and has a cool industrial feel.

This place is pretty cool!
What you would expect out of a NYPD Pizza place.
It was decorated in a modern NY style, with a huge kitchen in the back.
We decided to split the Brooklyn Family pizza and had a few drinks while we waited.
The pizza takes about 30 minutes to prepare, it was nice that our server let us know that upfront so we were prepared.
Our server (I wish I could remember his name) was very nice, sweet and funny.
When you come to smaller restaurants like this that aren't so busy, its nice to have staff that visit a little with you.
He gave my friend a few different samples of the beers they had and they discussed different beer options while I sat back and enjoyed by drink.
He saw a picture of my son on my phone and asked me about him and then told me a little about his family.
I thought it was very kind of him to have a little conversation with us while we waited on our lunch.
When the pizza came out it was delicious!
It was thin crust with a thicker edge, filled with cheese, pepperoni, sausage and basil!
We ate every last slice!
That was at least 3-4 slices each!
Perfect size for 2 hungry adults.
Enjoyed the atmosphere, the staff and the food!
We were able to walk out with a huge pizza and a few drinks for under $30!
Perfect!
Keep it up NYPD

If you are looking for good pizza at a low price and not the cheap little ceasars type ingredients and flavor then this is the place for you!
NYPD serves great pizza with just the right amount of seasoning , cheese and sauce .
My experience here was average .
I was here on a date we ordered pizza and wings.
The pizza was fast and hot and delicious .
The waiter was polite and courteous for everything.
Te wings however did not come on time .
We had to wait and eventually ask the waiter where they were.
Me and my date ate our fair share of pizza in saving for the wings.
Im guessing the staff dis not take me serious since i was only 16. , they believe teens dont deserve the se respect and priority as adults.
After expressing my thoughts to the waiter and stating the manager will hear about this and that i wouldnt pay for the wings if it took any longer they took me a little more seriously and the wings came 5-10 minutes afterwards .
That service took it away from 5 to 3 stars!

The first time I went here I was pretty impressed so I decided to try it again but this time I got delivery.
The pizza arrived in about an hour and when I got it, it was barely warm.
I would expect the pizza to be hot as I only live a mile away from this place.
Also I don't really like the fact that you have to spend $15 to get delivery.
Therefore, I ended up spending $20 on a cold pizza and a salad that I didn't really need.
A pretty big bummer for me.
The pizza was also undercooked.
The crust was still dough on one of the slices.
I only ordered from here because Pino's is closed on Sundays.
I may eat in-house here but will definitely not get delivery from here again.

I really want to like this place.
I love the location and they've done a beautiful job with the space.
But I've been here 3 times now plus had takeout once and every time - regardless of how busy it is - the service has sucked.
And the food is too mediocre and too overpriced to make up for slow, inattentive, unenthusiastic service.
Sorry.

Good solid NY style pizza.
Ordered over the phone for pickup, basic large cheese.
Arrived 25 mins later, was greeted at the door and checked out immediately $15 and some change, pizza was ready and piping hot.
Pizza tasted very good, authentic to NY taste, awesome NY crust, stretchy gooey yummy cheese, no complaints everyone loved it.

I've been to these places a few times.
Food is great.
Staff has been friendly.
I love this one because the first Tuesday of every month, they donate 20% of the check to M.A.I.N.
(Medical animals in need) a place that rescues  animals from the pound/shelter that need medical attention.
So five stars in my book.

Major disappointment.
Chewy calamari that tasted like it was sitting around all day and a soggy pizza.
Prices are way too high, quality way too low.

So I gave the folks at this NYPD location a pretty bad review a few weeks back.
Must say I was impressed that the owners contacted me personally and asked me - in a very constructive way - for details about what specific issues I had with the restaurant.
After giving them an earful, they advised me that they had shared some of the concerns I expressed and recently changed their management of this location.
In the interest of full disclosure, I must say that they also gave me a gift certificate.
But I  purposely went back and tried the place a few more times so that I could be honest about my revised review.
In short, I think the service and management of this particular location is much improved.
Again, I love the location and ambiance of this location.
It has a very urban feel.
And I am not saying it is perfect.
But it now has more attentive service and the workflow of who is responsible for what tables and other responsibilities seems to be better.
I even witnessed a manager getting after an employee who had neglected to check on our food and left it sitting for a couple of minutes under the hot lamp.
It is nice to see them on top of things.
So I am updating my review and wishing the best of luck to the folks at NYPD.
Keep up the responsive attitude and I am sure your downtown eatery will be a big success.

Would you like some over-priced, mediocre pizza from an establishment that doesn't respect your right to self-defense?
I won't be back unless they lower their prices and take down that stupid No Guns sign.

This is my regular NYPD location since it is closest to my house and delivers here.
The food is what I generally expect from NYPD, it's good pizza.
I love that they offer the Vinny's favorite (any 5 ingredients).
We went with some friends last weekend, and NYPD just started offering personal sized pizzas....perfect size and perfect price!
I got my Vinny's for 8$ and got two meals out of it.
Excellent!
I think it's a bit ridiculous to complain about a restaurant because they don't allow guns.....come on people, do you really need your gun when you're going to get some pizza?
Personally, that makes me feel better (but that's just me).

Everything the same but the quality of the pizza.
Some parts were burnt, waitress told us the thin crust was supposed to be like that, I'm like not at the Gilbert location we usually go to, really wanted to like this location since it's so close to the in laws house... Anyhoo.. We ate, laughed, and paid.
Not the best experience but still left satisfied.
The wings here aren't to par of what we are used to at the other location.
Parking is kind of scarce.
There's some in the front but limited and in the back but you gotta keep your eyes open or someone will beat you to it!

So excited that an NYPD Pizza opened in my neighborhood!
We stopped in with a friend last week and had a great experience - friendly server, nice atmosphere and delicious pizza!
I tried the Big Kahuna and loved it!
The personal pizza was the perfect size for me, but the guys in the group ordered the small since they were hungrier than I was.
Love that they have cider on tap too - bonus!

I had dinner with a group of 12 people and I have to say I had a great experience.
We ordered wings, bruschetta, artichoke dip, and pizza.
Everything was delicious and our server was very prompt.
I will be visiting NYPD again!

This review is strictly for their delivery times.
It doesn't seem to matter what day or time it is, they always take more than an hour for delivery.
I find that ridiculous given delivery times for their competitors.
Ordered a pizza for the last time last Wednesday night.
75 minutes for delivery, pizza barely warm, $24 and some change for a large pepperoni, and a delivery guy who seemed insulted with his $2 tip.
Won't be back.

Like the one in Avondale and Scottsdale, the pizza is excellent.
However, our server took a long time to take our order.
My friend who was 25 minutes late in meeting me, needed to use the restroom, but we waited a while so we could put in our order.
Additionally, the server was aloof & unfriendly barely smiling.
Overall, because of the bad service, it was not a good dining experience.

horrible pizza, horrible delivery, no communication between store and driver, can't take an order for a delivery 4 blocks away, don't bother

Great service, I ordered the wrong pizza and the changes it out.
(Caught it just in time) had one if the local beers and it was great.

Worst delivery experience of my life.
I called and ordered 3 SMALL pizzas.
Over $60 for delivery.
I called back 2 minutes later to cancel.
Was hung up on twice.
Called again and was put on hold.
I waited 5 minutes.
The girl came back on and asked again if I would hold.
I told her I was cancelling my order.
She said OK.
It was cancelled.
Called Pizza Heaven and got the same order $15 cheaper.
Checked my checking account.
NYPD still charged me.
I want a refund for pizza I never received.

Fabulous pizza and wait staff, including Ami, our server, they were excellent.
She made sure, twice, that our pizza was cooked perfectly (I like extra crispy).
My friends and I ate here last night, on a Saturday, and they were overly accommodating.
They have a full bar, good weekend happy hour specials all day, and a nice out-door patio.
It was so scrumptious last night I came for lunch today.

As I have ordered more delivery from this location, the quality has seemed to diminish a bit.
The cheese has been a little off; for example, when the pizza is reheated, the cheese becomes very plasticky.
Not awesome.
Also, sometimes the delivered pizzas are not very hot, sometimes they are undercooked, and sometimes they are very good.... just not consistent.
I still think this place has a good deal on the 8 inch pizzas (about 8$ with 5 toppings), but it is no longer my go to pizza place.

The food is ok.
The parking is one of the worst locations in Phoenix...My coworkers and I decided to find another place to get Pizza at lunch.
The parking is never available at lunch.
there are 3 Restaurants and 2 small parking lots.

Pizza is pretty good.
Nothing to write home about.but the closest to home I've found here since I moved from Boston.
Service is terrible and slow and in my 1 hour experience there I saw a manager for 5 minutes.
May suggest another location but I haven't been to others yet.

**Update: Manager reached and they are working on making changes, giving an extra start for effort!
** ___________________________________________________________  Not sure why this location seems a little lacking compared to its brother over on Camelback and its a bummer since this one is walking distance from our house, but it is..
The staff is average, the atmosphere ok, and the pizza tasty, but just not quite as good.
The parking is also a problem if you do drive, especially during a lunch break.
I hope they can step it up a bit to get back in the NYPD game.

We have ordered their food several times and eaten at the restaurant as well.
We love the camelback and 16th street location so we really want this location to succeed.
Sadly each time we have had their food we have noticed a decline in quality.
Tonight we ordered two salads- the Chelsea chopped salad and the antipasti salad.
The salads now appear to all use the same generic ice berg lettuce base and have a few custom ingredients sprinkled on top.
This was not the case in the past.
When you spend close to $10 per salad I think you can expect something more than cheap, bagged, ice berg lettuce with a handful of almonds and sun dried tomatoes sprinkled on top.

I've lived in this neighborhood for a few years now and I really want to like this place.
Used to try it out almost once a week.
Outside of the pizza, the consistency of food is very unpredictable.
And unless you already know who to request as your server, again... roll the dice.
And the management/shift supervisors... forget it.
The last three times I I dined-in, I was appalled at how they treated the staff.
Whistles like dogs and finger snaps like, well...
I'll refrain from how I'll state that here.
I'm sorry guys, but I won't be coming back anytime soon.

This place is so good that I am eating here for the second day in a row.
Their calzone is fantastic.
They have excellent happy hour deals on different menu items.
There are always many patrons eating in, though because the restaurant is large there is rarely a line.
We had a slight discrepancy with our bill, but the situation was quickly rectified.
I could eat at this place every day!

I don't know why this location has so many rough reviews, I've been here multiple times without any issues.
The service is always great and the pizza is perfect.
Great place for a date, or family outing.

