This is a great nail salon!
I've had the manicure and pedicure and both were wonderful!
I love going to Enjoi because they offer a hot stone massage with your pedicure... hold on that's great right?
but it does get better.......
IT'S FREE!
No additional fee for the hot stone!!
Awesome!
All the people at Enjoi are nice and friendly and they do a fantastic job for a very reasonable price.

"i want my feet to be so smooth that i slip and fall when i take a shower"   ask and you shall receive!
i have not had a pedicure like this in forever.
i get a pedicure typically every 2 weeks and always get callous remover bc i like baby-bottom soft feet.
they pull out all the stops here to get your feet soft: they used this razor skin scraper and i'm not even sure it's legal but i'm not saying a word, then a bunch of scrubbers and other scrapers, gizmos and gadgets galore.
also, i like my toes to look wet long after they dry and so far so good on that aspect.
the chairs were amazing.
sometimes the pedicure places have these awful chairs, but these seriously feel like someone is giving you a back massage.
not back vibrations, but like actual kneading into your muscles.
there were times my friend and i had to stop mid sentence because it felt so good.
it probably sounded like we were having sex up in there.
my feet tingled for a few hours after the pedicure.
i might be ditching my old 'regular' spot and making this the new place.
they even had cutie little kid pedicure chairs so your favorite little girl (or gay-ly forward son- whatever floats your kids' boat) can join you when you go.
ps- this isn't the fanciest salon i've been to, but they really get down and dirty to get your feet looking amazing.
and the price is right- $16 for a regular pedicure, or $25 for a ped w callous remover and sugar scrub.

OMG!
So the power went off at this place but that's not what I'm complaining about.
There was a woman there who couldn't stay and asked if she could come back later.
They said it was ok, she offered to pay and they said that it was ok for her to leave and come back to pay.
Now I don't know if the lady was a regular or not, but this was my first time coming there and I told them that I had to go too.
However, they INSISTED that I pay immediately!
I didn't have any cash on me, the power was still out so all I had was a check.
The associate then gave me the meanest glare and said that they didn't accept checks (no signs around that said that by the way!
) and that I would have to leave my cellphone and go and get cash for them!
I told them there is no way I'm going to leave my cellphone.
After some arguing I just said I'll simply wait a little longer.
Fortunately the power came back on.
But the associate left my nails and fingers dry, didn't shape them well, left cotton hairs sticking out of my nails, and didn't even apologize!!!
On top of that the "manager" had said I would only have to pay $26, but then the associate made me pay $31!
Horrible service and worse attitudes!
Never again will I come back here!

All I can say is stay away from this place!
Though they advertise cheap prices, the name of the game here is to up sale , up sale ...upsale!
They try to charge you for every little thing.
I had my nails done here before and at that time, the manicurist cut my finger.
As blood was coming out, she made like it was novbig deal.
NOt even an apology!
I decided to give the another chance 6 months later and again, up selling and over charging.
All the while I am questioning the charges, they get beligerant and talk among themselves in Vietnamese.
They were rude and accused me of lying.
There are many nail salons in the Gilbert/Chandler area.
Stay away from this place!

I love going here!
I am a regular weekly nail addict.
Evonne does beautiful work.

My first visit to this business was yesterday, a Saturday.
I paid $31, including $4 tip, for a gel manicure.
The gal who did it was nice enough but I don't think she is good at this.
There were a few problem spots during the gel process, which she said she fixed.
With a gel manicure your nails are supposed to be 100% ready to face the world as soon as it is over and last for 2 to 3 weeks.. Well, by Saturday night there were some lumps seen in the gel; by now -- Sunday afternoon -- I have lumps and some bubbles.
They would have had a return visit from me today, but they are closed.
I have a medical procedure tomorrow morning but I will be there tomorrow afternoon.
I want them to redo the manicure, which I know isn't going to be too good for my nails but I sure don't want to have them look this bad for the next few weeks.
I'll give this business a second chance.
I hope I am treated well and we resolve this matter amicably.
I'll come back and let you all know how good, or bad, their customer service is.
UPDATE: I did go back to have the gel manicure redone.
It is better than Saturday's.
I knew they weren't happy to have to redo a manicure but the manicurist did it.
I was uncomfortable because she and the others spoke almost constantly in Vietnamese, which I don't understand.
I am probably paranoid to think I was the topic of discussion but that's how I felt.
I do think it is very rude to speak a language you know your customers can't understand, particularly when a customer needs something redone.
At any time it is rude to speak in a foreign tongue at great length, not just a sentence or two once in a while.
They went on and on and on.
Not sure if I'll go back.
It will depend on how well this gel manicure holds up.

Simply the best nails and pedi anywhere!
I have been going to see Evonne for over 2 years.
She does the best nails anywhere!

I come here every two weeks excellent service and great prices.
The ladies treat me so well.
I've been coming here for a year

Very nice, polite, clean and air conditioning!
The staff was a little short handed when I went, people were waiting a long time.
But, call ahead if you can it and would be alright.

