I just purchased a used Mercedes in Phoenix (I live in Albuquerque) and because it had a service issue, I contacted Vern Foutz, Service Manager, for assistance..  Vern went above and beyond the call of duty to make sure that I received the assistance that I needed.
If you have a Mercedes with a service issue, call Vern, I'm sure that he will help.
Thanks.

We recently purchased a E350 from MB or Arrowhead and had an excellent experience.
We worked with Jeff Lane who was excellent.
It was a hassle-free buying experience with excellent service.
He answered all of our questions without hesitation.
The dealership was beautiful and everyone was very friendly.
The gentleman in finance was also excellent...he was quick and did not try to oversell us.
I would recommend MB of Arrowhead without hesitation.
I might add that this dealership is not close to my home, and I live in a area with many other MB dealerships that are much closer to my home.
MB of Arrowhead is professional, very fair and great dealership overall.

If I could give this dealership and its lying, smarmy, dishonest internet sale's staff a negative 1-star review, I'd do it.
I've owned 5 MB's in past 6-years; this dealership is by far the worst for customer sales/satisfaction.
And they flat-out LIE.
Go elsewhere.

I can't speak for the sales department, but the service deparment is horrible!
I have never been treated the callus way in which I have been treated here in all my years owning a Mercedes.
People are extremely rude and the only smiling face you will ever see is the guy standing outside, who really has nothing to do with the service itself.
If I could give it negative stars I would.

I took my R350 in for a check engine light and I must say my visit was GREAT.
Alan my service advisor was very professional he got me and my family in and out of the store quickly and once my car had been diagnosed he keep me updated every step of the way.
The only surprise we encountered was when my wife and children picked up the car there was a MB Teddy bear for each child strapped in their seats.
All in all the service level exceeded what one would expect even for a high end auto dealer and for this I would not hesitate to recommend them to any MB owner.

I took in my Mercedes CLS for service today.
My service advisor was Chris Dodd .
He was very polite and made it very easy for me.
I had made my appt.
in advance and request a loaner car, when I went in everything was ready.
I was in and out of there quick, that was really important for me cause I have a busy schedule .
Thank you Chris keep up the great work

My GLK hood would not latch properly without slamming the hood.
Only one side had the latching problem.
While in for service I requested an adjustment to correct the problem.
I was told by my adviser that service could not do the adjustment.
When I got home I adjusted the hood in just a few minutes.
I should not have done that being it was under warranty.
I assume they did not want to take the time to do the adjustment.
This was an issue that was a while back but it is still stuck in my crawl, so I decided to mention it.

