This is a great gym if you want a basic work out, lol.
No swimming pool, sauna or massages here, but they do have enough equipment, group classes & a smoothie bar.
The essentials!
I personally just started taking advantage of their Zumba & Turbo Kickboxing classes & they are REALLY fun & kick your arse!
But in a good way :) They also have spinning classes & yougalates (which I want to try).
They have a kids center, so you can check your babes in before working out.
I recently used it when I was babysitting my niece.
She's 4 & she loved it.
In her own words "Tia Maggie, you need to go there to walk fast & I need to play so that we can both be healthy.
" LOL!
I did much more than walk fast, but I'll let that one slip,,, since she is only 4 :D   It's open 24 hours most of the time, except for the weekend.
It closes at 8 pm on Friday, Saturday & Sunday.
They have good, competitive rates & you pay month to month, no contracts!

This gym doesn't have all the bells and whistles that some other gyms have but the monthly membership price reflects that.
Fitness 1 has all the basics including classes, childcare, and enough cardio machines that I've never had to wait.
Some of the staff can be rude sometimes but others are very nice.
It would be nice if they had a towel service, but again, I am paying 30% of what I would have to pay at the other local gym so I'll take it :)

The gym seemed dirty.
Bathrooms ALWAYS out of toilet paper & paper towels, and when you told the staff they looked insulted.
(The nerve to want TP?!
) I have since moved and have been trying to cancel the membership for over 3 months,  this includes 2 letters, 1 certified, 1 visit, and numerous phone calls.
Still being charged, and have not rec'd a single credit, despite being promised every month!

Still getting billed each month for my cancelled membership!
I really dont understand how this can be so difficult, so I am guessing it is a SCAM!
If you are thinking of joining this gym, keep in mind...I mailed 2 letters, 1 certified letter, 2 visits, and have lost count of the phones calls, and am still getting billed, and NEVER getting a promised credit!

This was my old gym: here is some highlights: 1. simple warehouse feel, big rectangle filled with equipment.
Daycare always smelled like bleach.
Staff not really friendly 4.
Most likely the cheapest gym in Surprise.
If you don't need a frills gym and want to pay less this is your place.

I joined through a low priced special.
My wife and I are enjoying getting in shape at this gym.
While there are people in incredible shape here, I definitely don't feel looked down upon because I'm not in the greatest shape yet.
Think "Average Joe's" from the movie dodgeball.
As the other reviews mentioned, there are not real amenities, but in my opinion that's somewhat of an advantage as the people that show up actually work out and don't just stand around people watching.

This is a basic gym but the price is good.
Yes, it does smell like a gym and not a candle shop.
A great thing about this gym is the kids class for tae kwon do.
While the kids are kicking and punching each other, Mom and Dad get a work out.
Everybody wins!

I've been a member here for about 8 months now.
This gym is no frills, and I love it.
There's no tanning bed, there's no sauna...
There's GYM EQUIPMENT.
I love that its month to month and at a reasonable rate too!
And they have the Fit Kids program, which allows me to drop my kids off for two hours at a time for only $10 extra a month.
Fit Kids always smells clean and the staff are so caring with my kids, even when they're not so sure they want me to leave.
lol  BUT, the number one thing that keeps me at this gym is my amazing personal trainer.
If you sign up here, and intend to spend the money (it's just as pricey as everywhere else when it comes to training), ask for Ryan.
I have worked with a couple of trainers in the past, but none with his care, dedication and personalized plans.
He even called me in the hospital while I was out for surgery!
Such a caring person who really seems to love helping others get healthy!!
As for the friendliness of the staff, I've only had positive experiences.
After a snafu with my billing recently, gym staff actually went above and beyond to correct the situation.
Between the convenience, price, and training, they have me so hooked, I'm out here preaching to others!
:-)

I started going to the gym since 2007 and the staff has always been helpful.
It's a gym that has all the basic equipment for a good workout.
I think alot of times people get caught up in the amenities such as a pool or basketball court, I know I did.
However if your serious about working out then you will enjoy this gym.
The prices are good, around $20 a month.
Further, they have always helped me out on summer and winter breaks from school.

The staff is incompetent and it's been a dreadful couple of months trying to cancel this membership.
I don't live in the state anymore and canceled the request back in May.
I was told when I visited the gym in June that they needed to have the previous month's dues paid which I did thinking it would resolve the issue.
I get an email today outlining the dues that are outstanding and a number of fees tacked on.
Can you tell me this, how is it that you are charging me still if I came in person and signed a paper to cancel this membership?
Please cancel this membership is all I am asking!
It was a mistake to join the club, it might be inexpensive but the time it's taking to cancel the membership is not worth it.

Way too crowded here!!
Seems like a big meat market.
I came in here to see about possibly getting a membership but there was no one available to help me.
So I just walked around the place myself.
I wasn't sure if I was allowed to do that or not but, I sure found out very quickly that this gym was NOT for me.
Especially how no one wanted to assist me after I showed myself around.
WHAT KIND OF BUSINESS IS THIS?

My husband and I joined about three months ago.
The monthly payments are affordable.
It has the basic equipment...cardio and weights.
The only thing I wish they would change is take away the three desks in the gym (so not needed) and put in a circuit training area.
Oh, and also, early and later hours on the weekends.
The gym on Waddell does need childcare.
Other than that, it helps you get the job done.

I just signed up this week, but they were nice enough to let me try it with a friend that already had a membership before ever signing up.
So far I find it to be a great place to work out.
They have lots of weights and machines and I tried  my (lack of) skills at one of the hour long boxing classes.
The instructor was super nice and formed the class around people's skill levels by giving different versions of each exercise.
I didn't do very well.....cuz I'm really out of shape, but she made me want to come back to keep trying.
I think some other people have said that it's a no frills gym, which is pretty accurate, but so far the staff is top notch and really supportive.
I'm looking forward to getting back into shape and with as many months as it may take, I'm glad the price is right!
Lol!

Three stars b/c it's super close to my house and cheap.
The one thing they need to work on is the childcare.
I  understand they don't change diapers and call the parents over the intercom to do so, but I feel If an employee is teaching a cardio class, somebody should be able to change the child's diaper.
I mean it's just a diaper, not nuclear waste.
It's super annoying when an instructor gets called out bc her child's diaper is wet or dirty.
Also if your child has a dirty diaper you have to walk outside to throw the diaper away.
A diaper Genie is not expensive and would be much more convenient than making clients go outside to the trash can.
I've never been to a gym that had poor standards such as this in regards to their childcare.
If you don't need to utilize childcare and are just looking for the basics, this is a great gym!

