Do NOT get ANY permanent makeup done by Kathy.
She needs more training and she is not accountable for her work.
She did my eyebrows and they are too dark, crooked, and do not look natural.
She told me she would use dark brown, but instead used black ink.
One eyebrow is significantly higher than the other.
She told me she could not fix it, so now I have to find someone to fix this.
Valuable lesson learned, but don't make the mistake I did.

I've been living in Goodyear since January and still have not found my "nail salon".
Last weekend I decided to give this shop a try.
The salon was clean and the chairs were in good condition which is always a plus.
Since it had been a while since my last pedicure I went for the deluxe which included callous remover and a hot stone massage.
My friend and I both had guys do our pedi's.
they were both talkative and friendly.
I also got a great massage.
They did a good job with the paint and the design.
He did not do anything that cause me any pain or discomfort.
We'll see how they hold up, maybe I have found my place :)

This is my new favorite place.
I've been coming here for a few months and they know me by name.
The business is clean and the staff is friendly.
I recommend you try them out.

I am so glad I found Terri at Estrella Kathy's Nail.
Terri used to work at the nail salon right next to Fry's Supermarket on Watson.
She's been doing my nails for years.
I would not let any one do my nails ever since i met her 6yrs ago.
Besides I was glad to find Terri, I enjoy very much with this Salon.
Every thing is new and super clean.
I would highly recommend every one to try it out.
You will like it, others techs are very  friendly as well.
Omg !
I am so glad to see Terri again !

I had my nails done by Terri today.
I recommend her for your next set of nails.
She did a great job even though she was very rushed.
She has been doing nails for a lot of years and said she is fairly new to this salon.
Ask for her next time you are here.

Maybe 4/6 for pedicures but definitely only 2/6 if not 1/6 for manicures.
The last one I had the guy made me soak my fingers in acetone and then didn't even apply lotion to my poor dried out hands.
Pedicures yes.
Manicures no.

