Sometimes you just don't know how bad a dentist is until you give another one a try.
That was the situation I was in, and boy am I glad I was.
I hit the dentist jackpot in giving Martineau Dentistry a try.
Since my initial cleaning, I have had three wisdom teeth extracted and a crown.
After each one I had no pain in either my mouth or wallet!
I was never pressured into unnecessary work, or told one thing only to "find" something else in mid drilling.
The very caring staff went out of their way to make sure I was up to speed on post procedure care too.
I sincerely can not say enough good things about Martineau!
Great care and reasonable honest prices make me a happy patient with an improved smile!

Worst Experience ever!!!!
I would only recommend this office to my worst enemy.
They have a shady practice.
My husband went in in August.
They told him they were charging him our $50 copayment and charged $600 to our debit card.
Ok people make mistakes and I can give a second chance.
When I went in in January for a chipped tooth.
I was unable to print off the new patient paperwork because of the format they had it in online.
In not so many words the office staff said I was stupid.
They refured me to another office to get a root canal ( Bradford endodontics ..,,, they were great by the way).
Four months later after being rescheduled I went in for my temporary crown, which I was fitted for and paid for ( $200 more than quoted price).
I figured I would only have to be in there one more time then I was done and would never have to deal with them again.
The next day they called and told me the dr they sent me to for the root canal had sent them a letter saying my wisdom teeth needed to be pulled in order to put on the crown.
NOTHING had been said about them during the visit.
I was given no options, just this has to be done .
When I asked to speak to the dentist they said that wasn't possible without an appointment.
I called the office that had supposedly sent over the letter, they had nothing on file stating that I needed my wisdom teeth pulled.
So here I sit with a temporary crown, and out $600.Not sure what Im gonna do next , but i do know onething, I will be reporting them to the BBB.

Met a new hygienist yesterday.
Christy was nice, extremely gentle and the whole treatment only took about thirty minutes, my appointment was at seven am, I even made it to work on time after my appt!
Christy explained everything she was doing and went over every one of my questions.
Dr. Martineau came in and did a short exam, he told me I need my wisdom tooth removed,  OUCH!
Gotta get it done :(.
Great experience, and my Delta Dental policy paid 100% of the visit.

