No wonder you closed this listing - you had HORRIBLE reviews!
Don't want people to see what scum you are?

One of the poorest business dealings I've ever had to endure.
They were not able to rent a single unit of the 4 I own.
I was never able to confirm they even showed any units.
I set up a couple of appointments for them with Craigs List ad's and the 'manager' didn't show up!
They even had the nerve to charge us $500 for their marketing efforts.
On top of that communication was very poor.
I'm sure you could do worse than Bennet but I can't imagine how....

This is a great place to rent if you are a felon, are single with terrible credit, extremely poor, a registered sex offender, or an illegal immigrant.
They don't do background or credit checks.
That's the only thing to take away positive, as I know these types of people have a hard time finding somewhere to rent.
Keep in mind, however, that if they don't do background and criminal checks on the tenants, they probably don't do them on their employees either.
Please don't do business with Bennett Property Management Company if you have a family or things you care about.

ZERO STARS seriously needs to be an option.
This company is the worst management company I have ever encountered!!
Unless you constantly hound them or resort to telling them that if they don't take care of a repair issue that you'll take care of it and take it off the rent chances are you won't get anything accomplished.
They take no accountability for anything that happens.
They will blame the owners, the vendors, anyone but themselves.
THEY ARE HORRIBLE.
Save yourself the time and stress and avoid any property managed by them!
If you already made the mistake do yourself a favor and become familiar with Arizona Tenants Rights.

Terrible idea to do business with this company.
My husband and I accepted an offer with a company and had to move rather quickly out of state.
We signed on with Bennett to rent our home in downtown Tempe (right next to ASU) so we could have a tenant by the time we left town.
We signed papers with Bennett the middle of June and planned to leave the 8th of August.
They put the sign up but after weeks, we still had no one come to look at the place.
Confused I called and they said they wouldn't show the house until closer to October!!!
WTF?!!
They incorrectly listed the house available OCTOBER 8th instead of August.
Therefore, because of this major eff-up, we missed out on all the potential tenants who were looking for student housing during the prime sumer months and our house sat vacant until November.
Guess what?!
Bennett took NO responsibility for their mistake, bled us of our downpayment and I didn't even get an apology.
Needless to say, we fired them and eventually found our own tenant.
NEVER hire this company to represent your home and from the looks of the other reviews, you might not want to rent a house from them either.
Thinking of filing a complaint with the BBB too.

Time does not heal all.
Just to let everyone know, I still won't touch this property management company with a 20-foot pole even though I'm looking for a rental property again.
I rented from them for two years that I will never get back.

Do not do business with this place.
Many current and active complaints with different RE departments due to their lack of ethics and financial/escrow issues.
They have our funds but refuse to refund.
You will never get your email or calls returned and their invoices are so unclear with no explanation of charges.
They will cheat you and nickel and dime you to death.
Conduct your own due diligence and you'll see I am not exaggerating!
Find a more reliable with better reputation Property Management company.
There are still few left!

Honestly Bennett Property Management aren't very professional at all and completely unreliable.
We've been here for 6 months and we've never met our landlord or seen our Property Manager (Ginny) since we moved in.
She never calls us back or contacts us about anything related to the property.
We were also supposed to get new flooring since we had to take an alternative offer and have not gotten that done either.
The only person who ever takes care of anything is the super sweet maitenence man, Ray.
We feel cheated and will never use this property management company again.
They just plain suck.

Worst Property Management Company EVER!
They dont return calls, emails.
They charged me $40 to apply for a house but never called me, or emailed me back to even see if my application was received.
They told me my realtor that there were multiple applications so they weren't looking at mine.
So I asked for the money back.
3 weeks later I got the check.
When I tried to deposit the check the bank would not take it.
I tried a different way of depositing and it was not accepted.
Then I called to see if they would issue another check and they said no.
HORRIBLE communication.
customer service.
I would NEVER recommend this company to anyone I like.

No no no!
I rented from them and Megan and Sharon are so unprofessional.
Megan has to be the same smart mouth age as my 20 year old know-it-all son.
Took more than a week to get my app processed because they forgot to tell me they need actual social security CARDS!
Not just the numbers.
Then they did not call my previous landlord until late Friday, (application sent Tuesday morning) then the tell me Monday they don't have his email?
What!??
Call me or ask for that on the application.
Megan gets defensive when you try to get info from her, saying things like; it's not my fault, I can't work on weekends, I can't control when I get info.
She actually said to me when we were talking "I have to get off the phone now" like in a rude teenager rebellious kind of way.
Like dealing with a bratty child!

Very Professional, easy application process & online rent payments, friendly staff.
Sharon, Jim and Sandy were great managers & Travis was a life saver several times

Worst ever.
I have a laundry list of things to say, but this place doesn't deserve any more of my time.

Not professional.
Not pleasant.
I don't understand why people are in business with suchpoor attitudes.
My recommendation, avoid.

Do not do business with this place.
Many current and active complaints with different RE departments due to their lack of ethics and financial/escrow issues.
They have our funds but refuse to refund.
You will never get your email or calls returned and their invoices are so unclear with no explanation of charges.
They will cheat you and nickel and dime you to death.
Conduct your own due diligence and you'll see I am not exaggerating!
Find a more reliable with better reputation Property Management company.
There are still few left!

This property management company is a joke.
They will not return phone calls and take days to return text messages.
They told me I needed a cosignor, took more of my money then did not return my calls of text messages.

I have been renting with Bennett since the start of August of 2013 in Phoenix.
From the start they have been nothing short of great.
Travis Reich, our property manager, led us through the application process flawlessly with friendly service and quick response times.
Travis was very accommodating to mine and my girlfriend's cat AND dog.
Most places won't take one!
He was very upfront with all costs, in terms of deposits, monthly rent, and the fees with the online pay portal.
We never used this due to the fees but it is a great tool!
We also had a few maintenance issues such as; broken laundry machine pump and yard work (its an older house and these things happen!
) that were handled well.
He was extremely quick and professional in response and connecting us with the proper companies that took care of the issues!
Overall our experience with Travis and Bennett were 5 star and we would definitely recommend their services to anyone looking for a great home in the Phoenix area!
P.S.
We have not moved out officially but will give an update if anything goes wrong (which I have all faith it won't, as great as they have been!

