My mom and I love this place!
Nice and clean with painted ocean decor.
All the girls do AMAZING work!
They are true artists!
Always coming up with new designs!
We always try to go to Lindsay!
She is a sweetheart!
Pedicures there are just as amazing and we have never had to wait long even if we just walk in.
Prices are very resonable also!
They have a big screen TV and usually have it on the travel channel or entertainment TV.
I like this because alot of places play cheesy music too loud.
lol..
I have went to numerous places in Surprise and when my mom turned me on to this place I have never went anywhere else!

They do awesome pedicures.
You can walk in, very short wait if any.
Price very reasonable.
Its not fancy, but its clean.

Best place on town .
Tried a bunch of other sites and tried deals on living social.
But nothing compares

I always come here to get my pedicures and eyebrows waxed.
The prices are good, $18 for basic pedi, $23 if you want the heel/callous treatment.
I don't get acrylics but for manicure or polish i recommend the gel it dries immediately, looks better and lasts longer.
The staff are nice, there's a new guy who works there now who does an excellent job.
Owners are great.
They even did my 4yo nails to keep her occupied while i got mine done for $5.
I definately recommend this place and the room where they wax is nice with painted ocean blue walls.
They do prefer cash, especially for tips, but accept cards as well.

Since this place is super close to my house I see the sign all the time driving by..
So I stopped in today and I'm not impressed.
While it does seem clean the people don't speak much English and it was really frustrating.
My pedicure colour/design is not what I wanted but after 3 times trying to explain to 2 different people- I just gave up.
I ended up with some bright crazy crap and the "stone" massage isn't even worth mentioning.
Waste of time and money.
My acrylic set turned out less than average.
Even though it's a whole new full set it looks like a back fill and has visible bubbles.
Biggest problem was that the big sign out front says $18 pedicure $22 full set- ended up costing me $58!
Yeah why they charged me $40 for a $22 set beyond me.
And of course they couldn't tell me why it was $40 bc they didn't "understand" what I was saying.
Again.
Needless to say I won't be going back..

Great service great prices.
Nice little local place in Surprise.
I choose them over Scottsdale place which are in walking distance.

The 4th star is for being open on Sundays :D   When you walk in, be prepared & listen up!
Someone from the back of the salon will shout out "what do you need?
" You tell them what you need, expl: mani, pedi.
Then they will tell you where to go "pick your color and sit there (pointing at a seat)".
You will only get this instruction once before they go back to their current customer, so pay attention!
Just kidding, lol, if you ask they will repeat themselves, but for some reason that makes me nervous :D  I normally get seated quickly.
Everyone is pretty polite.
The prices are VERY reasonable & they do a good job.
Some time back there seemed to be some internal conflict happening and I got to watch some drama unfold from time to time, lol, but that all seems to have been resolved OR there's a truce on Sundays.
They will chat with you if you want to chat.
I'm weird, I find it incredibly relaxing to watch them do my manicure and/or pedicure.
It's FASCINATING, lol.
I become completely engrossed & lose track of time.

I've been coming here for my fills and pedicures for some time now.
When it comes to nails you do have your choice since there is a nail salon on every major cross road in Surprise.
Pros -Jesse is great at acrylic and fills  - Lee & Hannah are great at pedicures - Staff have always have been friendly to me  Cons - Be prepared to wait and even be asked to come back  -  Not enough nail techs on the weekends

