*This place contains all the staff (or did anyways) from the now closed Luna in the Deer Valley shopping center.
It just so happens they moved south just when I did so it worked out for me.
This place is tied for my affections with Spinatos for the best pizza in Phoenix.
They're both from Chicago but very different pizzas.
This place is closer to NYC street style pizza.
Huge foldable slices.
It's absolutely delicious and filling.
The customer service rules.
GET THE GARLIC KNOTS and the PEPPERONI ROLL as well.
So good.
Ugh, now my mouth is watering, time to gain some more weight.

this place is the best for pizza and wings!
they have a special for a large pizza and 25 wings for like 20 bucks.
its pricey but its worth it.
its a little restaraunt next to the wal mart on northern and 59 ave. they have a tv there whhere they usually put sports on.
the staff is really friendly and one of the employees even took it to me instead of just calling me up.
so nice!
i think im gunna go today.
dam u lunas pizza and ur deliciousness!
dam youuuuuuu!

This is the best polace in Glendale for the best pizza and wings.
Al is the owner and he has a great staff.
My family and I love eating her because we feel like we are home.
Try the garlic knots or the fried mushrooms!
Everything is good at Luna!

The owner is very rude...
Mistaken my order and was very disrespectful about it.
(the owner is the old gentleman) The pizza was slopy made looks like 5 year old made it..
The pizza didn't taste good taste like something like frozen pizza which is garbage...
I recommend not eatting here.. You are well get better food and service at dominos,pizzahut,etc and the pizza at those places taste like trash.
I reconmend eatting vito's pizzs,pullano's pizza,ray's pizza they all have great pizzas

Great little pizza joint with a friendly staff and an exceptionally nice owner.
They make us feel like family each time we visit.
I really love their pizza, nice sauce and great crust and HUGE slices.
The rest of the menu is great too, I especially like their spaghetti and meatballs, great flavor and perfect pasta.
The specials are a super deal too!

Great pizza and wings!
I get the pizza and wing special from them at least once a month because i love their wings!
And my girlfriend always gets a salad because she thinks their ranch dressing is the best.
I love getting the garlic knots too and dipping them in the wing sauce!
They are very fast, i have never had to wait more then 10 to 15 minutes even during heavy times.
All of the staff members are friendly too.

I've always had good luck with this place.
The food is good and delivered quickly!
Really like the pizza!
go for the cheesecake for dessert!

Ordered from here again the other night,  My order got confused with someone eles but they fixed it right away and got it to me.....No worries...mistakes happen.
Food is still great.

This is my favorite place for pizza and wings!
Fresh quality ingredients, friendly staff , fast service.
We go at least once a month.
The pizza is nice and thin with a ton of toppings and cheese.
The hot wings are super tasty and not burn your lips off hot.
I always get my Superbowl food here!

I am new to the area and I decided to try out some of the local pizza before going to a chain, like Dominos.
I was so glad that I did!
We got a large pizza, an antipasto salad, and garlic knots.
It was incredibly delicious.
The house dressing was fantastic and the pepperoni pizza was just what I needed that day.

My new pizza place!
The pizza here is pretty dang good.
So are the wings!
The owner is great and it's obvious he takes pride in his business.
He's always close by the register and greets us patrons by our first name.
I haven't eaten inside because I order Togo but it looks like your typical pizza parlor, it's not fancy but it is very clean.

Most expensive frozen pizza ever ordered.
The order taker was friendly, the driver was friendly.
Took a little longer than expected to get the delivery.
Didn't look or taste like a hand-tossed, freshly made dough.
Ingredients looked like processed food and the entire thing tasted like a pizza you could get from the grocery store frozen food section.
The other Yelpers gave a good review, which is the reason I tried this place.
Not sure what they got compared to what was delivered to me.

Fast friendly service, tasty pizza.
The two slices + a small drink lunch deal is the best.

Yummy!!
The pizza is delish, the fried mushrooms heavenly, the carrot cake to die for and my family loves their wings!!
I highly recommend!

Very good pizza.
I pretty much stick with one pizza place when I find one I love.
My favorite pizza places that I have been exclusive to would be Palermos and #1 Brothers.
Unfortunately They are a bit of a drive now, but luckily I found Luna Pizza.
Very similar to those two, with that classic New York thin crust- inner soft with an outter crunch..Kinda greasy in a great way...kind of pizza you can fold.
They have very good wings...the flavor anyway, they weren't very wet...I like my wings soaking, but these are good regardless...
Very large slices.
I get the large pizza + 20 wings for like $25....Easily takes care of a family of 4, most of us can't put down more than two pieces.
So this is my new place since it is only a mile from my house.
I really like it, and highly recommend!

