Yesterday I went there for Carwash and the manager named Valentino noticed oxidation on my car and offered me to sample his new buffing machine & the result was fabulous.
My Black car use to look like greyish silver because of the oxidation before.
I got my whole car done.
My 8 year old car looks like new now.
I can see my reflection on the hood again :P My best Carwash experience period.
friendly staff & I can totally recommend this place to anyone in the area.

I have been a long time customer at this car wash with this location.
I have been going there since it Changed from Weiss Guys to Diamond Car wash and now its known as Francis and Sons.
It seems the service has declined for each change of ownership.
Today was the tip of the iceberg and I will not be going there again.
The past 2 visits have proven to me that their customer service has rapidly declined.
I understand that every business needs to "Upsell", but it becomes an annoyance when they keep bugging me 5,6,7,8 times after I have said no.
Don't even get me started on their glass repair salesmen....
I always get the Premium auto wash, a few weeks ago I went and when I got home I noticed they had not cleaned my dash or center console (which is included in premium).
I also noticed they had not wiped down my tires after applying Armor All and it all splattered up to the sides of my vehicle after driving away, I wrote these off as a simple mistake and that it probably would not happen again.
Today's experience was worse.
I took my truck in for a wash and I told the guy I did not have time for a hand wax (upsell) I was then pressured into buying it in advance so I could come back another day and get it waxed.
No was not an answer to this guy, I had to actually walk away to leave this Pressured UPSELL.
Again, I purchased the premium wash.
They called for the vehicle and I noticed that there were little black spots (mud?
) all over the side of the truck.
I told the guy about this and he said "its ready.
" I explained that it wasnt and started using my finger to poke at what was probably 20-30 little black spots all over the side, he gave me a disgusted look and told me he had to go get a clean rag.
I asked for a manager.
The manager came and had the guy wipe the spots off, but did not seem to care at all and walked away before the guy wiped down half of the spots.
I had already given a tip to the first guy and this guy stood there expecting a tip, I am generous with tips, but will not tip more because I had to ask them to fix their mistake.
Upon entry of my vehicle I noticed there was still some dirt on the floor and my center console armrest was not cleaned.
I only took the truck in due to my dog leaving paw prints on the center armrest and hair all over the place...
I got an oil change at Danny's Car Wash at Tempe Marketplace a few weeks ago, and was so Impressed by their service and car wash service that I will make the 20 minute trip to go up there for my car wash from now on.

I've been to this place three times, and now it's off my list.
The actual service wasn't bad...typical car wash.
The greeters are horrifying.
They're pushy, sales people.
They don't take no for an answer, and keep trying to get you to spend more money.
It's just uncomfortable.
I won't be back.

After looking for a car wash & vacuum in the area I selectioned Francis & Sons.
I checkeed thier priced on thier website, but when I got thier the price they wanted to charge was much more, they kept trying to sell an upholstery cleaning, and then said I don't take care of my care so there would be an additional $20 to clean the black plastic exterior pieces.
I only wanted a qhick exterior  clean and vacuum.
They refused to honor thier website pricing and insisted that what I read on thier website was not on there.
Needless to say I didn't get my car washed there.
I would highly recommend AVOIDING these crooks.

I'm pretty happy with Francis and Sons.
Yes, I HATE the upsell, and I HATE the annoying glass guys more.
But, I took my 04 Highlander in on Sunday for a detail, and wow, does my car look good now.
They steamed all the seats, mats and carpet, getting long-set stains out.
they worked extra hard on one of the mats to make it look as good as it could.
the inside sparkles!
they wiped down absolutely everything so that it practically looks new.
gave me a free car wash for later this week and gave my husbands jeep a free wash when he dropped me off to pick up the car.
Simon did a great job with customer service.

Did an okay job on basic wash but I wouldn't go back because of their extremely uncomfortable waiting area.
There are very few places to sit and it looks pretty run down.
I sat outside in the heat and was very uncomfortable.
If they had a nicer place to wait I'd go back.

Absolutely bad service.
First they try to make me get a whole bunch a crap for my car that i did not want and kept pushing me and pushing till I finally said no about 10 times.
then 10 minutes later my car is done and I was like OK i guess they are just fast.
I get out there my interior is still dirty, didn't even do a good job on the vacuuming either and they looked at me like i just tip them, uh NO.
they just do a quick clean and make you go.
Don't waste your money here.

They did a great job on my car but I don't like when they try to wrangle you into buying expensive services when you are there for basic detailing only.
I know part of their job is to upsell, but being pushy is not the way to go, so yes, their pushiness is a BIG turnoff.
Otherwise, the service was really good and I was satisfied with how my car looked when I got it.
Very shiny and clean!

I came here once and my experience was just like the rest of the reviewers; my car came out clean but it was a barrage of up-sell nightmares.
These guys must be awful at bars with the way get rejected over and over and never get the hint.
Not coming back.

I was out running errands today and was driving down Kyrene.
I have been needing a car wash, so I pulled in.
Nice guy taking the order.
I got the Works.
No air freshner.
(That stuff is Killer).
They were so quick and they did a really good job.
I have a White dog and black carpet.
The dog hair always sticks to my shoes.
So it ends up on the carpet of my rides.
They got most of it up still some there.
They forgot to really vacum the trunk to well.
But, they did a good job.
For $16.00 not bad at all.
It is hot out there and I am greatful for them.

If I could give them a NO STAR -- I would.
They do not deserve ONE star.
I went into the service to get a car wash, was going to buy the next level up and it was ready for detail.
So when the guy told me he could detail the car and get the minor scratches out and do a complete interior detail as well -- for 149 -- I paid it and made an appointment to get back today.
They quoted me 2 hours.
The guy who took my car said I needed to buy another 119 to get rid of the scratching on the hood and right side of the car -- hell-o NO.
That is not what I was told/sold two days before!
I went back after almost 4 to see my car just ... sitting them.
I was told it was done and had been -- didn't anyone call me -- uh.. no.
It was dirty inside -- headliner was not touched (there were some minor smudges) nor were the visors (My daughters finger prints -- still there!
Dirty dirty dirty inside the glovebox and consoles.
They told me they only do 'rugs, and upholstery and dash!
Hello that is NOT was I was told.
The car was clearer with just a regular car wash!
They did not even wipe the door frames on the inside!
Then - do they not even TRY to remove the water from the seat?
I put THREE towels on the driver side seat -- and it SOAKED THE TOWELS -- all of them, and a blanket I put there.
Still soaking.
They stacked the SOAKING MATS (water still running from the mats) in the back of the car -- and told me to leave them outside to dry.
Worst of all.
My right window was rolled down.
It would not roll back up!
The entire right door electrical no longer works!
NO one told me "Hey we could not get the window back up = nothing -- I had to discover it after I went to a store and parked -It may or may not have been them that did it.
I don't care.
At least TELL the owner :Hey the car window is not working: Right?
The manager was wish-washy -- did not offer to fix anything, did not apologize.
Nothing.
THAT more than anything is why I am leaving this review.
I have hundreds of people and places I can go in the valley = If I can't trust you to do a good job.
Will not go there again!

So I am generally the kind of person that gives places the benefit of the doubt if I go there once and am not 100% satisfied but I thought the price was decent I will try them again.
But I think after this last experience I am done.
My first trip there was fairly pleasant, they were fast and did a pretty good job.
But I was annoyed that they messed with my audio settings when try were moving the car.
Not a huge deal and again the wash was inexpensive and decent so I went again.
Second time I went since they did a pretty good job the first time I went with the detail/wax and honestly they did a pretty decent job.
Not bad for the price but you get what you pay and it wasn't perfect.
Now that the dust storm season seems to have passed I decided to go get my car washed during my lunch break.
Yes, it was very dirty after several weeks of no washing and lots of driving.
But when they were done there were swirls and still bugs on the car.
I am sorry but I paid for the deluxe wash, they really should have worked a bit harder.
I am thinking perhaps because I chose not to get a detail today that they decided they didn't need to do that great of a job.
Only reason I am posting on Yelp is I was already here looking for a self serve car wash so I could go and see about taking care of the stuff they didn't get.

I gave this 3 stars because they do a great job.
Otherwise, 2-stars due to how LOOONG they take.
This is the longest, one hour!!

I've brought my truck here a couple of times, the last one was about 2 months ago and they sucked it up.
It took forever to get it cleaned, almost an hour and half, and then I had to to make them go back over it to get all the spots they missed.
The part that made me decide not to go back there again though is, I have husky all weather floor mats and after taking them out to clean them, one of the workers put the floor mat back in over my gas pedal.
When I started the car the engine hit it's rev limiter.
Also another thing I don't like are the guy the great you are always trying to up sell you to the highest package.

I've only been here once and I'll never go back.
Earlier in the day my hands had become swollen and I had forgotten I'd taken off a small diamond ring & left it in the console of my car...didn't realize it was missing until later.
So rude!
Have some consideration...just because somebody forgot something in their car, they didn't leave it for you!

