This place was awesome.
They had all the great cigars that I like and lounge chairs with tv's to watch.
I would definitely come back here again.

My husband LOVES this place!
He is there all the time to hang out & smoke cigars with his dad and friends.
Its a great "guys" hang out place, plus they have rows of built in humadors built into the walls to 'rent' for a monthly fee.
Pretty cool concept.

An oasis for a weary traveller.
Clean, great selection and a friendly staff.
I travel a bunch and to find a place that isn't insanely priced, has great seating AND sports packages with plenty of televisions?
Awesome.
Not to mention pristine public WiFi.
I would literally stab my mother in the leg for good WiFi at 4 star hotels.
Got a cool 14 up and 12 down.
Perfect for uploading stuff which is crucial to my job.
And the owner is a South Florida refugee whose wife graduated from the same high school I did.
Random stuff.
I'll be coming back for sure!

If you are looking for the real deal in a "Cigar Club" environment, this IS the place!
There are eight large screen televisions to watch.
On NFL Sundays, ALL the games are up for viewing...and get this "TAIL GATE PARTIES"; some of the best sausage and peppers or cheeseburgers for your culinary experience, while smoking your favorite stogie.
A must for the aficionado.
Get your own locker, or just drop in as a guest of the friendliest bunch of guys (AND GALS) you'll meet in Arizona.

8 big screen tvs it's football madness.
Plenty of comfortable chairs and sofas.
Make time to burn.

Best Cigar place in AZ no doubt.
Combination of  great cigar selection along with a terrific group of people.
Took my college son into shop last week to have a talk.
It was the perfect atmosphere for a father and son bonding.
The staff couldn't be nicer or more helpful.
If you need father - son time or just need to disappear for a while and meet the friendliest people in town just head over to SCC and ask for Brad or Val.
They make you feel at home from the minute you arrive.
You will be hooked on this place!
By the way - Plenty of TV's for the sports junkie

Great place, amazing atmosphere and great conversational owner.
It's a nice place to relax after a long day or just take a break at.
I would recommend this lounge to any cigar lovers

