I hate to sound negative, but I'm always wary of auto service shops as a female.
I've been to other shops around the valley where they have tried getting more money out of a stop, or where they haven't complied with my requests.
This place is not like that.
I received great service, in a timely manner (finished under an hour - on a SATURDAY).
They did not try adding services, telling me something was not like it is, or not following through with my requests.
Lastly, their prices are fair.
I recommend this shop to anyone!

I have only ever taken my 2003 Ford Taurus to the Baseline SD in Mesa.
Everyone there has treated me with respect, every time.
The transmission went out a month after I bought the car in December of 2005.
They repaired her perfectly in January 2006!
Nothing major has happened since that time until I took her back in mid September 2013 when the fuel pump went out.
This past week when the check engine light came on had me very concerned, so I took her back to the shop on 10/12/13.
My concerns were addressed immediately and the repairs were completed at no charge because of the warranty from the prior service.
My husband and I heard more "I am so sorry for the inconvenience," (because we had to come back within a month of the original service), but we were just incredibly grateful that they were able to fix the problem.
I won't ever take my car anywhere else!
Thank you Chuck, for a job well done!

Ok so my experience was something that I'd never wish on my worst enemy.
Ok so it may sound a little dramatic but I'm being honest.
Sun devil auto is not honest and doesn't know the first thing about integrity and customer service Whatever you do avoid taking your car for any service at Sun Devil Auto unless you want more things wrong with your car than when you originally brought it in.
When you have a car issue you can't put it off, so when I took my car in to get my brake pads changed I got my car back with the Ac out the electric windows not working and engine light on so when I called them back they instead of saying bring it back in and well take a look they basically said that it was probably something wrong w my engine and that it may be time for my Ac to be replaced.
Wow I'm used to up sells w mechanics like oil change needed, tires or something that needs to be adjusted but they didn't say anything during the time my brake pads were getting changed.
Ok so I take it back and they didn't apologize for the inconvenience finally got my electric windows to roll down, except an attitude and a quote.
The manager was no help.
They really tried to take advantage of me and had the worst attitudes.
I felt I was prayed on.
So I took it to another mechanic and he said not only were my break pads never replaced and if they were he said it'd be with used ones he said my Ac was fine engine fine and that it was a fuse or something I can't quite remember all I know is he saved me from paying thousands.
So this was a few years ago but I've never had an experience like this.
Talk about crooks.
Obviously I've told people when this happened and a friend of mine had a problem with them too she took it in for one thing and then a few days later she was driving and her starter went out.
Maybe they should take out the sun of their name and just call it Devil auto.
Anyway avoiding this place will not only help you avoid more problems and spending unnecessary money  and you won't have to deal with con-artists.
Hopefully the management mechanics have been replaced.
Lesson learned get a second opinion read reviews before you get into a mess.

I would not recommend this place at all.
I have 01 Chevy Malibu.
I had a broken alternator and they charged me way to much to fix it.
They found things to up charge me, from belts and other items.
The wait to get it fix wasn't terrible, but the customer service was not that great.
When I was there to pay, I asked about financing, and they said I could not but my bill was almost $600.
Where can a college student pull out that kind if money?!
I know they have financing and they did not offer it at all.
It's just so disappointing, the problem wasn't completely fix either.
To add on when I came back to the shop, my windows were all down in the parking lot, and they recommend somethings in my car to be fix, without telling me in person.
I never received such a horrible service.

Welp, another opinion is worth $1000 bucks.
Took my car in for AC problems and was told that the charge would be $900.00.
I was told that I needed a new compressor.
I smiled and walked out because I had just recently had a new compressor and radiator installed.
After going to another repair shop, I found out that the problem was an electrical problem.
Had I not known, I would have paid big bucks for something I didn't need, and on top of that had would have paid and my problem not be fixed.
Granted I am still running without any AC in my truck, but I certainly now know its not what they said it was.
More than bad customer service is dishonesty.
And to top it off when I took my truck for the second opinion, I was told that the oil filter was leaking.
Guess where I got my oil change.
Take out the words Sun and Auto, and you have who I consider this place to from.

