I visited Angel Touch out of pure convenience.
It's in the same center as my gym and I desperately needed a fill.
It was a rainy day, 6:15pm and I didn't have time to trek over to my normal salon near Union Hills / Loop 101.
I should have just dealt with the unsightly nails for a couple more days.
The staff was nice enough, but like I said, I showed up around 6:15 and it seemed like the manicurist was rushing.
I would like to believe that she was trying to be gentle, but it just wasn't so.
The result was that my nails had a few tiny bubbles, were not entirely smooth, and some edges felt rough for lack of topcoat.
It also seems like they started to lift and separate from my natural nail much sooner than they had before.
Since it was near closing time, other employees had started to clean-up, which included mopping.
That made me (and other patrons) have to walk across the wet tiled floor (a hazard, IMO).
I'm always open to trying new places, so it's my own fault, but I doubt I will be returning to this salon.

My first visit today.
Tracy did my pedicure.
I got the deluxe pedicure which is their best value one.
The massage was wonderful!
3 stars isn't anything bad, just can't do more until I visit a few more times.

I am not going to complain about the quality of my manicure!
They did a fabulous job...On the other hand their customer service was a little off.
Very unorganized and they could just not get it together.
It took them forever to assist us since we didn't have an appointment and are not regulars.

I have to update, my review!
I had the deluxe mani/pedi...salt scrub, hot wax and let me tell you my hands and feet are soft very soft!!
My polish is still intact and I am completely happy!
I'll be getting a fresh up before heading home this weekend!

I had high hopes for this place since its really close to where we live, but sadly I won't be returning.
I've never had a worse pink and white fill, the guy seemed to have no idea what he was doing.
I've already had one nail break less then two days after my visit :(

This place has a prime location but DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY THERE!
I had read that they had poor reviews, but, whatever, I wanted to try it for myself as they are practically in my backyard!
I  had the worst pedicure there ever....not only was it not a thorough one, but the vibe in there was aweful I couldn't wait to leave!!
The pedicurists were talking about customers in their language and then they would laugh about it.....totally unprofessional place and the service sucked!

Angel Touch is absolutely horrible.
I had gotten a full set two days ago, and it looks like I've had them on for two weeks already.
I complained to the woman doing my nails and told her what was wrong, and the whole time she pretended like they were perfect and she didn't understand what I was saying.
My cuticles look horrid, and the paint job is messy.
She also asked me to pay her in the middle of the process of her doing my nails, and she watched the amount I tipped very closely.
I tipped well, thinking she would do my nails well.
However that was not the case.
She was careless, and after I left the salon, the paint on my nails had chipped already.
Overall I absolutely do NOT recommend this place.
Poor quality service with rude workers.

If I could give ZERO stars I would.
Went once, not great but I thought worth another try since its my neighborhood nail salon.
Had an appt the second time they clearly should not have made my appt as they put me in a pedi bowl and I waited for over 40 minutes....constantly saying 5 more minutes.
I finally took the liberty of taking my raisined feet out of the bowl and left.
No apoligies-no towel-not a happy customer.
DO NOT GIVE THIS PLACE YOUR HARD EARNED CASH!

