I've always wanted to fly a plane.
It's been a secret of mine for years until about two weeks ago when I mentioned it to my husband.
About three days later Groupon had an offer for a flight lesson at Sun County for only $99.
I bought and booked my lesson with Dave Anderson.
I brought my friend, Drew, my husband and my son.
We went straight to the plane and Dave showed us the parts of the plane, what to look for, examine, and check off before entering the plane.
My husband and son stayed on the ground while the rest of us prepared for take off.
Dave piloted the plane during take off and it was cool to be able to hear the tower and hear the commands for other planes in the air.
While in the air, Dave showed us all the dials and controls and what they did.
He did a few turns and steep turns (caught some G's with those) and then it was my turn.
It was so cool to be able, if just for a little time, control this single engine plane.
I did a 360 turn and a steep 45 degree turn.
The lesson was an hour long and it happened so quickly.
A great way to see AZ.
Dave was patient, detailed and a great instructor.
If you are looking for a thrill, but gaining a great experience, try this place out!

Was looking to buy a Mooney, and came across an ad for what seemed to be a fairly nice well priced plane for sale by Jeff Baber at Sun Country.
He had attached scanned pdfs of partial airframe and engine logs in the listing, so I called him to ask to make sure he had the full logs.
He jumped down my throat and said the logs were in the listing, he just didn't feel like scanning all of them.
Since it was a 35+ year old plane I told him I understood, but that was fine as long as he had the complete logs.
We agreed to a price and I proceeded to spend almost an entire day lining up insurance, setting up a pre-buy inspection, working with my friend to setup a time to potentially pick up the plane, and finalizing the contract.
At the end of the day I emailed over a signed contract, and was pretty excited to be buying a plane.
Jeff emailed me back that he looked forward to receiving the deposit, which I was going to wire the next day.
Then not 20 minutes after that, Jeff emailed me that he "found out today" that the first airframe logbook was missing, that he would try to look for it the next morning, and that there was another buyer interested and it was only fair he tell both of us.
Uh ok...
So when did you suddenly find out "today", you mean in the 20 minutes since I emailed you a signed contract?
No apology, just throwing out the fact that you have another potential buyer in my face?
Not pleased, but I hoped that he would find the missing log the next morning.
The next morning I didn't hear from him, I called him, of course he sent my call to voicemail, left him a message to please call me either way just to let me know what was going on.
Never heard back from him at all, he never even responded to me by email.
Don't waste your time with these unprofessional clowns.
Like my flight instructor used to say, aviation is a small community, word gets around quickly you have to have integrity, these guys have absolutely none.

