Ever tried to teach a 16 year old girl to drive?
It'll make you want to buy stock in adult diaper companies.
I swiftly realized that stomping on the floorboard with no brake pedal, clawing at the dashboard and yelling STOP!
DAMMIT STOP!
at my lovely daughter wasn't a very effective training method.
Thank goodness for Eric and N Control Driving School.
Eric was *fantastic*.
He was funny, cordial, and immediately put my daughter (and her parents) at ease.
Eric arrived, explained to all of us what he'd be doing and off they went in a pretty new car, with "STUDENT DRIVER" plastered all over it.
Two hours later they returned (with the car in one piece) and I was amazed at the difference in my daughter's driving.
She was FAR more confident in her skills.
It was like night and day.
We'll likely do a couple more sessions with N Control, and then she'll be off to the races -- figuratively speaking.

When our son was 15 1/2, we started looking for a comprehensive driving school for him to attend.
I am from the East Coast originally, and am used to teenagers getting drivers' ed in school; Arizona schools don't offer this service, and so began our search.
We chose N Control Driving School because it sounded exactly like what we were looking for: classroom instruction, driver training, etc.
The wonderful extra was their four hour accident avoidance safety class, using the company vehicles and simulating situations that could happen resulting from a crash or bad weather, etc.
When our son was finished with this whole course, he was very well prepared for all kinds of driving situations.
We are thrilled with the level of professionalism N Control displayed throughout the course.
A post script is that two months after getting his license, our son was t-boned at an intersection by a driver who ran a red light.
Our son's back right tire was destroyed and he started to skid through a busy intersection,heading straight for a pole.
He tells us that he immediately remembered what he learned at N Control and quickly steered himself out of harm's way and to the side of the road.
The class quite literally may have saved his life!
We can't say enough great things about this place and would freely recommend it to any parent looking for the absolute best in driving schools for their child!

N Control Driving School and its staff (Monica, Steve and Warren) are phenomenal!
My 16-year-old son just completed 6 hours of driving instruction and the Car Control Clinic; both aptly prepared him for getting his driver's license and gave me the confidence that he can handle himself behind the wheel of a car.
My standards are high, and this business exemplified ultimate professionalism, and the highest quality in a driving school program.
N Control also allows a parent to ride along on the initial driving lesson which helped me learn how to teach my son how to drive (not as easy as I thought), remain consistent with what his instructors Warren and Steve taught him, and parallel park (which I really appreciate since my parallel parking skills don't get utilized frequently here in AZ).
They also allow parents to observe their Car Control Clinic, which was informative.
At the end of each driving session, my son was given detailed written and verbal feedback on his driving skills, which was helpful to him and to me because it showed us his strengths and areas that needed further practice.
I would highly recommend this driving school to any parent of a teen or anyone needing driving instruction.
Thank you N Control for your quality service!

This course is excellent.
My son had Steve as an instructor and he was great.
Keeps you informed on concerns and strong points of your child's driving.
Teaches great defensive driving and has all kinds of helpful tips for nervous new drivers.
The defensive closed course was pretty awesome just be aware they are pretty rough on whatever car you use for that.
(Slamming on breaks , turns etc) It's a pricey course, but the lesson is priceless

Steve Imhoff is the owner of this company and is its chief driver instructor.
As a potential new driver instructor with N Control, I spent two days riding along with Mr. Imhoff as he trained students.
Steve seemed to be a fairly good trainer but one thing bothered me and would be a major concern to me as a parent:  he often tells the students that some drivers on the road are "idiots".
This statement is usually made after another driver exhibits driving behavior that presents a potential road hazard (a very common occurrence).
Not only is calling other drivers derogatory names unprofessional, it can be construed as a level of road rage.
Considering the seriousness of road rage today, this is not the kind of example a drivers instructor should display to young students.

