Dave and Armand run an awesome store and always have the freshest and best Cigars in the area.
For whatever reason there's chairs there with invisible magnets that suck me in and I end up staying there for 2 hours joking around, smoking cigars, drinking Yoo Hoo (it's delicious, don't judge me) and watching the history channel.
It also may just be that they're very hospitable people and the store is fantastic.

This store (along with others) sells synthetic marijuana.
Calling it 4X and other names.
It's labeled not for human consumption, but we all know that is exactly what is happening.
This stuff is ruining people's lives.
Making them ill, ruining them financially etc.
It causes seizures, psychosis, sleep and mood altering issues, ruins motor skills-destroys your life quickly or make take longer.
I will find some way to get this stuff off the shelf, before more people are harmed.
I will start with the AG and go to Congressmen, and even the Governor.
This has got to stop.
You - can stop if you are a smoker.
Amsterdam's you could stop selling it, since you know it is a harmful.
DO THE RIGHT THING!

Have went in a couple of times now and always feel welcome.
They have a good selection of all kinds of smoking merchandise and are very helpful.
Prices are good and they always seem to have what I need.
Would definitely recommend them to anyone.

This is what they think of African Americans a friend forwarded this message to me from the owner David!
I cant copy and paste message but he think black people are not educated and all are thieves and need to be put in there place from time to time by Armenian people.
i can forward message if you really want to see it.

David, Armand and their Dad are some of the nicest most genuine people you will ever meet.
Their prices are unbeatable and they are all about their customer loyalty.
I couldn't imagine going anywhere else I highly recommend lil A to everyone!

Talk about all your smoking needs backed with knowledgeable  staff this is it.
Great pricesbon tobacco and smoking accessories.
I refer everyone I know here they always treat you like your there only customer.
Its a family owned and operated business that's a pleasure to spend my money at.
Keep up the high standards

