Food was excellent menu selection is huge!
one of the best I've been too!

Good guacamole and the carne asada was very tender.
Good salsa.

The Baja Tacos are definitely amazing; but what puts this place head and shoulders above all the Mexican joints in the area is the Carne Asada!
I'm telling you-- you've never had REAL steak at an affordable (prices are great, too!
) Mexican place before!
My first time I had the tacos-- and they were surprisingly good, but my next time I had a burrito and the first thing I tasted was a mouth full of REAL marinated steak!
And super tender, too.
I'm soooo happy I found this place, as I judge most Mexican eateries by their burritos and carne asada-- and this place is absolutely the best!

There's not much in the way of good, non-chain restaurants to choose from in Laveen, so thank heavens for Gorda's Baja Tacos.
They have great, fresh, authentic Mexican food!
The fish tacos in particular are amazing, and the salsas are also impressive.
And to top it off, the owners and staff are very friendly, helpful and attentive.
Finally a great restaurant in Laveen!

Food was great!
Shrimp & Fish tacos are Bomb!
Salsa is good!
And staff is friendly!
Highly recommend!

The BEST tortas in the valley, hands down.
My wife and I have tried them all over, including the popular spots, and this place has it down pat.
In fact, everything we've tried hs been great.
It's nice to have a local, family-owned spot that actually puts out a good product in this area!

We went to Gordas last week and wow... we were really happy with our meal.
We wanted to try lots of different things, so we shared the Chile Verde Sopes (Amazing), the Crispy Beef taco, the Carnitas taco, the Adobada taco, the Carne Asada taco, the Carne Asada Fries, and a Quesadilla!
Without exception, everything we tried was fantastic.
They also have these little spicy carrots at the salsa bar.
Yum.
Highly recommended.

Delicious and everyone who works there is so nice & friendly.
I love this place!

Anything on there menu that I have ordered is always made the way you want it and it's so damn good!
I love this place!

I was in the mood for some fresh tacos so decided to try Gordas out.
It was my first experience.
Very good but would like to get more bang for my buck.
I would definitely go back and try something new from, but they seriously need to think about super sizeing their tacos.
Was to small for the price you will pay.

I retract my past review ....very very tasty and delicious!
5 stars!
I had a chicken burrito chimi style, and 2 carne asada tacos, both fantastically seasoned!
I will be a return customer for sure!
The staff is very friendly and they take a personal interest in their customers.
The girl at the front counter remembered me from my last visit, even though it was some time ago.
Another customer came in while I was deciding on what I wanted to get, and she remembered that customer as well!
A+ service and quality!
Good place to go for lunch or dinner, rather you just want a nice place to sit and eat, or you are in a hurry and want something fresh and delicious!

I finally decided to stop by Gordas yesterday after driving past it for almost two years now..
I'm so glad that I stopped in and grabbed some tacos!
The customer service was awesome.
Very friendly and helpful staff.
They recommended that I tried anything with adobada, and I'm glad I chose that.
I ordered two adobada tacos with rice and beans.
The tacos are a little smaller, but they load them up with meat and pico de gallo.
Next time I will order three tacos or maybe try one of their burritos.
They also have a clean salsa bar there which was stocked with good tasting salsa and toppings such as cilantro and onions.
If you are thinking about going to Gordas, do yourself a favor and get off the computer and go now.
You won't be disappointed.

EXCELLENT!
We were actually impressed by the cleanliness and unique decor upon arrival.
We had the Carne Asada tacos and the Fish burrito.
The tacos were really good.
Fresh and seasoned really well...
The fish burrito was PHENOMENAL.
The fish alone would rival even the best fish and chips I've ever had.
Will 100% definitely be back soon!

We got tacos here and they were legit...street tacos meat and pico...tacos adobada are very tasty.

Great little neighborhood find!
Loved the fish tacos.
Great big portion sizes for a cheap cheap price.
Friendly staff, clean restaurant, fresh food.
Easy to find at the front of a strip mall.
Lots of parking, plenty of seating.
Owners take pride in the food and the service.
Highly recommend for a quick bite when you're in the neighborhood.

We have lived in the Laveen area for a while, and today was the first time we tried Gordas.
Wow!
The fish tacos that I had were delicious.
We will definitely be back....who knows, it might be tomorrow.
It might be dangerous having this restaurant so close to our house.

We go here a lot, and usually have an assortment of mini tacos.
We love them all.
Very friendly staff, great prices, quick service.
Our favorite mini tacos are the fish and the adobada.
YUM!

I live in the SoMo area and I remember waiting (patiently) for Gorda's Baja Taco to open.
Well, it's been a few year since it opened and it's been worth the wait.
I absolutely love Gorda's.
First of all, the staff is incredible.
I feel like Gorda's is my Cheers...they always greet me by name and sometimes start making my order before I even get all the way to the register.
Now, on to the food.
Everything I've had is great.
I can be a picky eater; however, I know that whatever I get taste fresh and homemade.
these recipes are not downloaded from the internet!
Must haves: Carne Asada Burrito is my favorite.
the meat is fresh, tender and peppery.
something to note: the burrito's here are HUGE!
you could split one between two people.
Pork adobada tacos are amazing.
they are in the vein of street tacos and they are delicious.
The carne asada fries are also amazing, but you might want to share them!
Gorda's has a great salsa bar that has three different types of salsa, onions, cilantro and carrots/cucumbers.
The salsa is top-notch and you get to use as much as you want.
I have taken friends, co-workers and family to Gorda and everyone loves it!

Being new to the area we decided to give Gordas a try.
The whole family was glad we did.
I ordered a couple tacos one carne asada and one carnitas.
Both were delicious.
I especially enjoyed the carnitas but both were delicious.
My husband and son both had burritos and after seeing them it left me wishing I had ordered one myself even if they were big (lunch for the next day).
My daughter loved the enchilada plate that came with rice and beans.
There were many different types of salsa in the salsa bar and the restaurant was clean and well decorated.
I only wish we could have enjoyed our meal with a beer.
We will definitely be back though the food was that good.

I'm going to be honest just like I will do with any review,  I'll start if with the service, it was excellent.
They were attentive and very very nice and polite, granted I was only there to order something to go but they were still overly nice.
The place is super clean and I think anyone can appreciate a clean restaurant.
The salsa bar was clean and the salsas were very tasty I took one of each because I'm a salsa fan but no guacamole at salsa bar, no bueno.
I'm from Mexico born and raised on "real" Mexican food, which is where my problem started.
I think the "three starts" I'm giving could have been because I ordered the wrong things based on my taste.
I ordered the "Gordas Wipe out" which is a burrito made enchilada style.
If you are Mexican than you know that huge burritos aren't really Mexican and that enchilada style is really not a Mexican thing so on my part that was a mistake for ordering that.
The burrito was good I'm not going to say it was bad or anything it was good and it was huge!
I didn't finish it and I was stuffed.
The problem was that my clumsy self didn't really read the menu right and it could have been because the overly nice person at the register wouldn't stop recommending me things and I'd rather listen to them than read the menu.
My passion is pastor/adovada, but like another person in a new restaurant I wanted to taste everything.
The person at the register kept insisting on the wipe out stating it has a little bit of everything and so when I heard everything I imagined adovada asada and chicken, I don't know why that came to my head, maybe cause I had just gotten done explaining how much I love adovada/pastor.
Well I get my food and come to work to eat the nice huge burrito.
I have no clue what the guy meant by "a little bit of everything" because it only had rice beans shredded beef and sour cream.
I guess I was still stuck and getting three meats that I was disappointed like I said it could have been my fault.
The prices are also a bit high.
Being that I work in the area I can proudly say that I have been to almost every restaurant and food truck in this area and this has by far been the one with the highest prices, I paid around 7.50 for the burrito but once again it was big.
Yes I get it, it's not a food truck so It doesn't have food truck prices but in this area tacos for over 1.50 are pricy specially Baja tacos because they are small, I think here they are over 2 bucks.
Now they have great reviews so it might have just been me and what I ordered and my mistakes.
Although I think it's a bit pricy for the area I will give it a second chance because of the friendly service and the cleanliness of the place and also because I love to support locally owned businesses.
I promise that when I go the second time and it blows me away like it did most of the people who are writting reviews on here I will change this review and update with a new one.

It's a proximate lunch spot for me, and I admit, that has something to do with why I like it so much.
But beyond that, they serve some really incredible fish tacos.
Also, they are super nice folks.

Had a three day class in South Phoenix and by the last day we were tired of the chain restaurants.
We decided to try Gordas.
I am so glad we did.
Wish I would have found this place the first day I was there, I wouldn't have eaten anywhere else.
I'll be back (even if I have to make a special trip).
Great food!

Great people and great food at a great price!
We recently relocated our business to this area and stop in here about 2x a week now.
The girl at the counter is always super friendly.
The food is always fresh and well made.
This is like Filibertos but much better IMO.
Good stuff.
Try the Surf n Turf or the Adovada!

I had the fish and shrimp tacos and my wife had the carne asada tacos, both were equally awesome!
We will definately be back!

I've lived a mile away from Gordas for a few years now and for some reason have never stopped by here, despite wanting to.
I finally stopped in for lunch today and was very pleased with the Surf and Turf burro.
After reading other reviews I plan to go back very soon and get some fish tacos and some chimi's.
The place was very clean.
The young lady behind the counter was very friendly and our food was ready very quickly.

Pretty darn good tacos.
I crave them constantly.

I wish you could include half stars in the ratings.
I am not giving these guys 2 stars because the food was not bad but it wasn't to my expectations based on the ratings other Yelpers left.
Mexican Food for me is very subjective and I was raised on it in the southwest, Chicago and Mexico.
You either have been raised on Mexican food or you have not.
I had the carne asada tacos.
I will not bash these guys nor recommend another Mexican restaurant because everyone deserves to do business.
This is the first time I have not agreed with my fellow Yelpers but will try this place one more time trying something else.

I'm from Texas on business in Phoenix.
I had the grilled fish tacos they were delicious.
Fresh with good flavor.
I would recommend them to others.
They even have a salsa bar.
The only thing is their POS system is outdated, it would help to have a better description on receipts for expense purposes.

Very clean and friendly spot in south phoenix that I will most likely visit again.
I wanted so bad to give four stars but will most likely review again on my second visit.
The soda I wanted was out in the machine and the surf and turf burro was supposed to have chipotle shrimp and it seemed like it was missing sauce or seasoning on it.
Everything else I saw there looked very good and I wish I had more time on my original visit to study the menu to order the wipeout burro which looks fantastic and has a yelp deal.
The counter staff and cooks are all very friendly and well kept and you can tell they are trying their best to put a good light on their establishment.
The salsa was fresh and tasted very good.
The burrito was a good portion and filled me up for the rest of the day.
The crane Asada and Quac tasted great.
Overall I would recommend this place to those looking for a good bite where good restaurants are hard to find area wise.

This place is fantastic, I don't come here enough, the food is amazing, service is great and the establishment clean

Second time I come here and both times I've had great food.
There's closer Mexican restaurants by my house,  but the food here taste really good.
I had there carne asada Sopes today and enjoyed every bite.
There shrimp cesadillas are great too!

Everyone raves about the tacos, but I say try the Torta's (Mexican sandwiches)!
This is our favorite little go-to local Mexican food establishment - way better than any of the other's around Laveen.

The food was so amazing, I had literally got up, walked to the window and told the cook that it was delicious!
I had a order of 2 adobada tacos and a drink of dr.pepper, I love how the soda machine wasn't behind the counter (free refills) I loved that they had a fully stocked salsa's, lemons, spicy carrots.
I found that it was shocking the place wasn't as busy as it should be.
I felt like if the word got more spread around about this restaurant, they would be swamped!
Maybe I just came @ a dead hour, who knows.
This was my first time and definitely not my last!
Besides the food...The woman working the register has a beautiful smile :)

This place is really good.
My first visit, I had a carne asada burrito.
It was fresh and big, it was delicious.
The girl at the counter was very pleasant.
Their salsa bar is fully stocked.
Definetly better than any *Bertos...

Gordas' fish tacos are on par with Wahoos in SoCal and The Hula Grill in Waikiki.
If you want to taste one of the best fish tacos in all of Phoenix Metro, pack-up the kids, dog and grandma and head for Gordas.
Gordas delights on so many levels, I have to give it my highest Diego rating in the history of e.v.e.r.
They're just that good.
On a personal note, I'd like to encourage anyone reading this to try Gordas at least once.
Mainly because I know you'll be hooked on them like I was, increasing the likelihood Gordas will grow and flourish and I get to continue to enjoy the place.
The restaurant business is tough, with it's 95% failure rate.
To let a restaurant like Gordas succumb to these sobering stats due to a lack of customers would be an outright travesty.
Especially when they're this good.
In short, I hope Gordas becomes the Wahoos of Phoenix, they deserve it.
If you want a taco, forget Jack-in-the-box, or any 'mexican' joint claiming a 'berto' in its suffix, there's really only one place to go.
Gordas.
PS By the way, your wife can come with you, grandma and the dog too, but only on the condition that she take a big healthy whiff of the fish taco before eating it.
Maybe then she'll finally appreciate what you've gone through all these years.

Being the whimsical guy i am, i decided to go for it with Gordas.
I saw on Yelp that it had lots of positive reviews and there wasn't anything else nearby but fast food.
The place was somewhere between Filibertos and Chipotle but in all the right ways.
Fresh salsa bar was fresh!
RC cola in the fountain: something you dont see often, but nice.
I had the surf and turf burrito.
It was huge like Chipotle, but tasted way better.
It reminded me what Mexican food is supposed to taste like (meaning not some combo of trendy flavors like chipotle).
It had shrimp, steak, mexican rice and perfectly zippy and fresh-tasting pico de gallo.
The staff were really friendly and the food came out fast.
Great lunch spot if youre in this area.

So glad this place is nearby!!
Haven't tried everything yet but the fish tacos and fish burrito are delicious!

Very good, fresh tasting food FULL of flavor!
Affordable prices!

Really good food, not very busy.
The fish tacos are worth the trip.
Two tacos is perfect, 3 will leave you stuffed.
Figure $3.25/taco.
Enjoy!

