These guys do excellent work.
I recently got side-swiped by some jackass on the street so I called my insurance company and they referred me to Campus Body Salon.
It was close to my work and approved my by insurance company.
I dealt with Todd Elliott and he was great to deal with -- very friendly and caring.
I dropped my car off before a out-of-state trip and got back to find my car all done and ready for pick up.
My car looked perfect like it had never been hit at all.
If you need bodywork for your car definitely check out Campus Body Salon.
They do an excellent job and are a pleasure to deal with!

Excellent work -- completely satisfied with the job they did.

I had Campus Body Salon complete two separate repairs on my vehicle.
I had been vandalized and I took my vehicle to another shop who I heard did good work.
That shop botched my paint job and I was not satisfied.
I had another incident where a rock struck my hood and I was referred to Campus Body Salon.
They did an OUTSTANDING job repairing my hood and the paint job was flawless.
When I picked up the vehicle I asked them about the repairs from the other shop and they pointed out several problems with the job that was done.
They recommended I have the original shop who did the repairs fix the work.
I promptly went back to the other shop and they completed a rework for free.
The problem was they did another horrible job.
After picking the vehicle up I had Leo at Campus Body Salon look at the work.
He once again pointed out multiple problems with the job that included not removing door hardware, poor taping off and pealing clear coat, fisheyes in paint, chips in paint.
At this time I contacted my insurance company who authorized Campus to do the re-rework and have the other shop pay for it.
I am so happy with the way it turned out.
The paint job looks better than factory, and they even had to blend the rear factory door so it would look as nice as the re-work they did.
If you or anyone you know is need of any kind of collision or paint work I HIGHLY recommend you contact Leo at Campus Body Salon.
His team of professionals offered me the highest level of customer service with top notch quality work backing it.

I made an account specifically so I could give these guys 5 stars.
Got me right in, incredible customer service.
They were all, specially Nate who helped me, so sweet and nice.
Really helped me out and you could tell that they truly care about their customers.
Fair charges, and they did a really great job.
I will now recommend this place to anyone who needs auto work done.
I won't go anywhere else.
Great people and great work

