If I could give this place a zero I would.
I made an appointment to get a quote.
After reading other reviews that were not so good I tried to use them anyways since they were in the area.
Unfortunately the guy never showed up and when I called he said, Oh.
He didn't apologize and said well we are really busy.
What would I expect from a a business that is busy.
WIth that said I'm wondering if the owner even knows that this guy is deliberately trying to sabotage his business.
When calling he said that the owner knows all of this and he didn't feel good.
He didn't really like the owner and said that the owner knew that he didn't want to be there even though he felt sick.
So who knows but this company is really messed up somewhere.
Whether it be with the owner or employees...
Someone is definitely a jerk here.
I would never do business with a company or people that does not even care about good customer service or the value of hiring good employees.
I hate writing about companies like this but this guy was a total a-hole and knew he was when I called.
BEWARE.

I have my office cabinets installed by VIP Smart storage on August 2nd, 2013 and I'm very happy with the result.
The cabinet is good quality,  stable and look good.
The company have quality employees who are professional and provide excellent customer services.

The salesman Chris was the shining star of this outfit.
Unfortunately, that is where the quality experience ended.
He captured my design perfectly.
The execution missed when the newly acquired installer showed up alone for a sizeable cabinet job.
I had 8 foot cabinets, with over head storage and a work bench.
This job should have been a two man project.
At least from the start to get the tall cabinets and overheads set up.
It should have been a one day install and turned into 2 full days and they are still not complete.
The staples holes were not filled, there was no caulking for sizable gaps where my wall was bowed a bit, (3 minutes to caulk that by the way) missing hinges, missing shelves (they brought out 2nd day) but hinges were wrong size, tall door was missing hinge and still does not shut right, is delaminating, chipped face on one of the shelves that Jay (operations manager) said he would replace when in the area.
After a week and three days, a technician show up to replace 2 doors, shelf and fill the staple holes.
I would think twice about having them complete a job for you.
There is disorganization and the craftsmanship is not of the highest quality.
(adjustable shelves are not peg board type) they screw in two cheap aluminum rails and clips for the shelving.
They also charge you 4% if you are paying by credit card, so I ended up writing a check.
An A+ rating by the BBB is bought by businesses, so do not rely on that when making your decision.

My Wife and I had VIP design and install Laundry Room cabinets and Kitchen Cabinet Pull-out Drawers this past July.
We couldn't be more satisfied with the products and service from VIP.
Folks may not know that they can save alot of money by not having a new home builder install cabinets in the Laundry.
At our house it would have been nearly $900!
The cabinets that VIP custom-designed and installed were around $400 and they have twice as much interior storage than the ones from the builder design center.
Not only that, our pull-out drawers we had VIP put in in the lower Kitchen cabinets sure save trouble and knee-wear getting to the pots and pans.
I can't recommend VIP enough!

I had garage cabinets installed by VIP.
They were very professional and got the job done a week earlier than scheduled.
Half of the job was custom and they made everything fit and took extra care to make overhead cabinets safe and secure.
I am very happy with my new garage and recommend VIP.

