Sometimes it's really hard to do Mexican food fast, fresh, and tasty.
I wish I could at least say that they've got the fast part down, but that isn't the case.
The place was practically empty and it still took 15 minutes to get two tacos.
Food was bland, so I loaded up on salsa and lime juice on top of the tacos.
Even Chevy's is better than this.

We are regulars at this location and most of the staff recognizes us.
It's nice to enter and see someone smiling back at you, ready to happily take your order!
I order the fish taco plate most of the time.
I did try the portobello mushroom tacos.
They were good for a vegetarian option.
The kids enjoy the chips, salsa, rice, beans a guacamole.
All of these things you can get as sides in small portions.
Thanks for providing a quality,kid friendly, and relaxed  lunch spot!
See you next week!

Tuesday is fish taco day in my family and that is because Rubio's has $1.50 fish tacos that day.
This Rubio's is very nice and clean and we always get great service.
I think it is a little larger than some of the others and there is even outdoor seating.
I also had one of there salads and it was pretty good.
The chips and guacamole are good most of the time (once it didn't taste like avocados were ripe).
Other than that I love this place and I like that the people remember us as well.

Kids love it, and under $5.

I have to update my review now that they batter the tacos at each location.
Wow does it make a difference, the fish breading is extra crispy & way more flavorful.
These tacos are better than most sit down restaurants and they still sell them for $1.50 each on taco Tuesday.
This location always has the best service and it's a clean locations with a clean bathroom.

We were here on Wednesday, 12/21/11.
We had been at a Rubios in CA recently and was extremely disappointed.
Not this time!
Jacob was our order taker and was VERY courteous and professional.
My husband got two fish tacos that were a good size and yummie.
I went with the grilled veggie burrito and man, it was huge and tasty!
This is what Rubios is about!

The manager: Kat was super friendly... You can appreciate, I can at least someone that is upbeat and nice at any place of business that deals with the public all the time.
This is a great location, even the employees seemed in good spirits and talkative.
I cannot complain about a happy work environment here.
The food tasted fresh and the location was clean and in order.
I plan on visiting the staff here again.
This has to be my favorite Rubios.
If you like fish tacos, try the salmon taco, lots of flavor....

Very friendly service from the clerk helping us order.
She informed us if we went back a few days later there was a special where everyone who ordered would receive a free bag.
We missed that, but at least she told us about it.
I ordered the original fish taco since I had a card for a free one from a yelp party.
I don't care for anything breaded, but the dressing was good.
Also, they do have a salsa bar!

Veggie salad is fabulous!

I love the gourmet chicken tacos.
For "fast food" it is bit expensive 7-10$ for the combo plate.
I wish a single taco wasn't 3.29$ but it is great.
The kicker for me was the management and staff.
This place about a mile from where I live, so that is a plus for me as well.
But the manager ( 2 so far) have been nothing be the epitome of how a manager should act.
I had just moved to Peoria about a month and half ago and was exploring the nothern Peoria area and seeing what was really close to my house.
I relied heavily on Yelp, and the reviews for this place looked great.
I walk in and the manager starts small talking with me and I am a big small talker so I mention that I just moved here from Michigan and it is my first time in.
He gave me a FREE fountain pop cup and said "Welcome to Arizona and Rubios"  ( You had me at free bro!
)  I order the chicken taco plate.
He brings it out to my table and I take a bite.
DELICIOUS food.
He asks if I like fish because their signature dish is the Fish Taco.
I told him I am not a huge fish guy, and 5 minutes later he brings me a FREE fish taco just to try!!
What a nice fast food place!
5 stars for all around awesomeness

My wife and I go to this Rubio's every Tuesday for $1.50 Fish Tacos.
Jason and his staff are the BEST!
He is always very friendly to us and everyone else that comes in.
Very well run place.
One of our favorites!

Been eating at Rubio's since living in San Diego in the 1980's.
Love this food.
Fresh and clean.
Highly recommended.

My wife and I go to this location for one reason...
Consistently wonderful tasting tacos!

I was recently invited by Rubios to celebrate the return of their delicious enchilada's; wow!
Thank you for bringing them back.
The sauce is what got me hooked.
Tip: get a side of the red enchilada sauce to enjoy it with your chips.... Yum!

My Husband and I love eating at this location.
The staff is wonderful.
We will return.

We really enjoy the atmosphere and menu that Rubio's offers.
The location in Surprise shut down so we will drive to this location when it makes sense.
Great tacos and the beans have been of the thicker consistency which I think is good.

My wife and I stopped in last weekend for a fish taco plate.
The place was filthy, undermanned, and hot.
I hope management will take corrective action,  or we will find a new place for one of our favorite meals.

Rubios...gourmet fast food.
I absolutely love the gourmet steak tacos and shrimp burrito.
That's all I get because I don't need to be adventurous on the menu at times.
I did try their citrus shrimp burrito and absolutely hated it, I had way too much citrus flavoring or whatever that was on my burrito.
It tasted like I liked and ate the skin of the orange.

I had the deluxe shrimp tacos.
SO Yummy!!!!!
This place has great food!
The manager on duty was helping the kitchen staff and coordinating everything smoothly.
I reccomend!

