It had been a while since I went to the dentist.
I wasn't afraid of seeing one I just couldn't afford it.
I searched long and hard to find a place that would work on a payment plan without insurance.
I got a referal from a friend at work it was a little bit of driving to get there, but I'm happy I did.
Dr. Ray was great he offered me a lot of different options as well as giving me a discount for paying in cash.
They were professional and had great customer service.

Great Dentist!
My dentist I usually go to told me I needed not 1, but 2 ROOT CANALS & 2 CROWNS- $4,200.
I went in for a second opinion at Dr Rays and he told me ZERO Root Canals, 1 cavity filled and replaced the crown that had come off.
Stand up office with morals & ethics plus he's an ASU Sun Devil.
Thank you!

Not that I look forward to going to the dentist, but Dr Ray and his staff make it an easy visit.

Went to Dr. Ray after a root canal nightmare with severe pain.
They got me in as soon as I called.
The x-rays looked okay, but he referred me to an endodontist to get to the real root of the problem.
He didnt try to fix it himself and cost me more pain and money.
He also spent a lot of time with me and was sympathetic.
For the exam and x-rays it was $30 which you can't find anywhere.
I will definitely be going back when I need other dentistry work.

I have a phobia of needles so dentist visits make me very nervous.
When I went to Ray Family Dentistry I was amazed at how at ease they made me feel.
Dr Ray had to numb me up for some work but the shot was so smooth that I hardly felt it.
The other great surprise is how reasonable their pricing is.
I've been to several dentists before and I know that Ray Family Dental Care is where me and my family will be going!!

Very friendly and courteous staff!
Everyone here is so nice.
No problems with their billing department like I'm used to having at other dentists.
So fortunate to have found this office.
We just moved into town from California where due to issues had not been able to see a dentist in nearly a year but Dr Ray was able to see us and provide excellent service for my family of 4 within 2 days!

