First, I have to say, totally not what I expected.
I guess I expected a Filiberto's experience.
Instead I walked through the door and they offered to seat me.
The place was very quaint but well laid out for it's size.
However, I decided to get my food to go as I was in a bit of a rush today.
I ordered the "La Merced" signature house torta and a large horchata.
The horchata which is a Mexican rice drink, was outstanding.
Best horchata I have had in years.
When I was handed my food, I thought something was wrong.
The box weighed as much as a half gallon of milk.
I went to my truck and could not wait till i got home to see what was in the box of food she gave me.
I opened the box and my eyes popped out.
It was the sandwich from hell.
Now I admit I am caucasian and have tried most of the Americanized Mexican food joints and I like  the Filiberto's  type places too, but this was a whole new something different.
The menu stated that the sandwich had chorizo, eggs, ham, sausage, and chicken on it.
I was thinking YES BREAKFAST SANDWICH... Wow was i wrong.
What I got was this HUGE Bun that was Super Tasty.
On it was mayo, pico, guac, a chorizo, egg and chease omlete.
Couple slabs of ham, Some weird chicken fried steak looking thingy, and 3 hot dogs split in half and grilled.
I laughed my butt off looking at this thing.
This looked like something one of my stoner friends would have come up with during a case of the munchies.
I decided I had to take a bite and I have to say.
I was impressed.
The bun especially is very good.
I was a fan of everything except the hot dogs and chicken fried steak looking strips.
Just to be clear I am not a big hot dog fan to begin with so I cant take a star off for that.. Over all the Sandwich  taste was about 3 stars.
The horchatta was 5 stars.
The staff was very nice, 4 stars.
So all in all I have to give it 4 starts for a Huge Meal at a decent price, Prompt courteous service, and excellent house made Horchata

I had the torta and it was awesome!

Service was a little awkward today, but the food is always delicious.
I had the enchiladas with beef and my friend had the chicken flautas.
The portions are SUPER generous.
We both ate half our plates and were REALLY full, the kind of full that almost hurts.
The horchata is rich and delicious.
I recommend having it as dessert rather than a beverage.
I don't particularly like the sweet flavor while I eat savory food.

Good food and service.
The taco with pineapple was the most delicious of all the ones I tried.

When I feel like great mexican food, this place is as good as it gets, and I'm not even mexican (I'm central american).
Whether its weekend or weekday for lunch, La Merced NEVER disappoints me.
Today I had a Chicken Mole plate and it was DELISH!
My second favorite dish here, during lunch rush, is 4 street tacos (2 lengua and 2 asada).
The drinks are amazing too.
You can have an Horchata or a fruit drink that is blended right there while you wait.
I have a friend that always has to have the Strawberry water (without cream).
The prices are decent, and the staff is always very friendly.
Some days I get an extra treat, and get to watch the Barcelona football match on TV.
Today there was a gentleman playing guitar during lunch hour (on a weekend), and he played a Maná song for my cousin and I.  I had a great lunch, watching soccer, listening to great music, and enjoying a great Mole.
Keep up the work you guys.
For anyone not familiar with non-northern mexican food, this place has Mexico City Style mexican food...I would definitely recommend it.
Who knows, someday you may be qualified to try the Torta Gigante.
Which I've only had once because it is a huge deal.

Noms.
Open late, always smells fantastic, exceptionally clean, lots of Latino locals (always important when looking for good south-of-the-border grubs).
Horchata IS fantastic here, as is portion size and did I mention nom?
Had the .. er, 'La' Merced, wasn't sure about an omelette in a sandwich but I'm now a believer.
While I've only been here but once, its apparent this is much better than your average Mexican restaurant in the valley, and I rate nothing on Yelp unless it deserves it.
The family proprietors obviously take great pride in their homemade food and it shows, we've all been to Fili's and such and while I can't possibly complain about Super Nachos!
this seems to be an orthodoxed church of authentic Mexican grub.
Even though the establishment is a smallish joint it's cleaner than any McDonald's I've ever been in and the love that goes into the food is apparent.
I was only there for a bit to pick up some food for the late night muchies but still got homemade chips and salsa (real salsa, ie don't bring grandma or those cousins from Ohio as they will whine about the heat) and even got to watch some Univision.
TL;DR: Eat here, it's good.

Life.
Changing.
That is all the description I can give.
The deserts, sandwiches the entrées even the drinks.
The portions?
If you can finish just HALF of the La Merced Sandwich you are a beast.
The service is very good.
Your server will notice if you are done with your menu or if your drink is low.
This is not Sanoran Style, which is great, too, but omg I am like a pregnant woman about this place.
I am sad (but full) when I leave.
I memorized the address to this place the first time I found it.
I am not the guy that remembers things like that, trust me.
It makes me want to move to Mexico City.

I wouldn't bother to go back, but if you want decent Mexican food in that neighborhood it's alright.
Nice enough inside, except for two big TVs in the dining room (actually 3, but the one at the back was not turned on), one TV right above our head blaring a movie in Spanish.
The other TV was blaring a soccer game, and the sound on the TV was broken, going in and out.
It's bad enough to have the flashing TV in your peripheral vision, but two different soundtracks going on, plus people talking and crying kids made us wish we'd asked for takeout and sat out in the car to eat our food.
It was a drag sitting in there.
The food was average.
I had the carnitas and my husband had the flautas.
Lots of food, but not that flavorful.
Rosita's (on McDowell in central Phoenix) has carnitas that are 500% better.

Me and my friend came here to support a local business vs. going to a chain restaurant.
The waitresses didn't know anything about anything on the menus.
I guess they're new.
My entree was 3 eggs, burnt at the bottom, raw on top (how did they do that?
)  These eggs were on top of a pound of soggy tortilla chips in verde sauce with bits of sour cream floating around.
not a joke.
I tried eating it, I think I got through 2 eggs and a few spongy chips in my mouth before I stopped.
The waitress told me that it's because this is 'real' Mexican food.
I'd bet the entire 10% off coupon she gave me before I left that it's not.

Very good food.
Small local place, not easy to find.
But well worth the effort.
Had a carne asada torta, chicken enchilada and quesadilla to share between two people.
It was a lot of food...and it was all good.
This is one of those places that really makes me wonder how chain mexican restaurants attract customers...let alone stay in business.

No complaints here!
Hidden gem in the City of Mesa as it is hidden on the side of Extension Rd.
My friend recommended this place as she is quite knowledgeable in where to eat the best "Mexican Foods" in town.
Enjoyed this place so much went there the second time in two days.Had tacos the first night, and tortas the next night.
And I have to say is quite big and most importantly delicious!
Friend thought I wasn't going to finish it, but proved her wrong (brought the inner fat boy in me-hehe!).
Had a 30-minute challenge of who could finish a whole torta, and if the contestant is successful torta is on the house.
Might try it one day as I believe I can do it.
Overall, loved this place and will definitely come back for a third, fourth, and fifth time until I get tiresome of tortas and tacos.

I've been looking for authentic Mexican food and I was told that this place was legit.
I was looking for authentic barbacoa and this place has it on the weekends.
I tried several tacos, sopes and the barbacoa (I'd course) and everything was just ok.
It's with the visit but wouldn't crave it.
The horchata was the best thing they had and was a little too sweet for me.
Cheers

3.5 stars for the food (my burrito was very good and HUGE), 4 for the service, 5 for the cleanliness, and 1.5 for the ambiance.
As mentioned elsewhere, there are 2 TVs in the very small dining area, and both were blaring obnoxiously loud volume levels, showing a Mexican drama of some sort.
Really, really inappropriate, especially in such a small space.
Other than that annoyance, I wouldn't hesitate to go back.

