So I was recommended to this place by my OBGYN..
I gave them a call an set an appointment for a Monday.
As I step in and try to check in with one of the receptionists, I notice that the place is packed with people waiting.. uh oh.
As I tell the receptionist that my appointment is 2:45, she looks over in her records and asked if I was sure I made an appointment.
I said yeah... she looks some more, then she asks who if I made the appointment with them and not someone else..
I said yes, I made it with SimonMed.
She then asks to get my ID and Insurance card and has me fill out some paperwork.
As I give her back the filled paperwork, she tells me to sit and wait to be called.
Ok, I think, this should be fine.
NO.
45 minutes waiting into it, I ask another receptionist how much longer it will be.
She then looks on the computer and says, "Well your appointment is at 4:00 and it's 3:30".
Are you kidding me??
I've waited for almost an hour and they were thinking I would just wait till 4 without realizing they made a mistake?!
She looked embarassed and said she'd get me in as soon as possible.
The receptionist  who I first spoke with looks down and away from me..  Now I don't mind if you make a mistake and schedule me for the wrong time, but to make me wait so you don't have to tell me that you screwed up is not a mistake.
Get your scheduling together people.
Now it's making me doubt whether or not there are professionals here that are competent enough to obtain inaccurate results from my X-rays.

Second time here and very disappointed.
Front staff is nice but the wait time is ridiculous.
My appointment time was at 8:00, it is now 8:17.
The last time I went here, I waited over 2 hrs.
Was suppose to have an ultra sound so my bladder was full of water.
I asked a couple of times and all they could tell me was they were backed up...they finally called me back..but it was for my mammogram that was scheduled....told the technician I was suppose to get an ultrasound too and that my bladder was super full and I'd been waiting over two hrs.
She went to check with the ultrasound tech..only to find out the front desk didn't put my file with the ultrasound tech.
Horrible experience!

Came here to have my 20 month old get her leg x-rayed.
The place was packed but the waiting room has comfortable chairs and is nice and clean.
It would be nice if they had some magazines in the waiting room, but this does not factor into my review, just a suggestion.
After waiting 45 min.
we were called up to the front desk where they informed us they aren't going to be able to proceed because the x-ray request from the doctors office is missing the word "ankle".
Apparently they needed exact specifications that the x-ray was to take place from the knee to the ankle, it did not suffice to simply has from the knee down....
They tried to call the doctors office to get clarification but they were going to be gone for the next hour for lunch.
Luckily, we were able to get our doctor on her cell phone (yes, our doctor is so awesome that we have her cell) to confirm that the x-ray was to proceed to the ankle.
Now, I can understand making sure you do exactly as the Doctor's order but two of the staff members were bickering about whether or not to just proceed.
It was very aggravating and what if we had not been able to contact our Doctor?
It would have been a huge waste of time, use some flippin discretion for crying out loud!
But what can you expect, this is how all medical facilities operate and that is why they get 2 stars, just under par for the course.

